“You don’t know,” Tony says, looking at the floor. Now the confusion in their eyes is growing bigger. “Pep, you remember the fund for the Arctic Research Team?” Tony asks the CEO of his company.
Rhodey shakes his head. "Sir, he's died on my watch before. It didn't take."
They hit the road. Pepper puts the Iron Man helmet in the car's trunk to make sure no one has access to it or Tony's private message. After they've been driving silently for fifteen minutes, Pepper turns her head slightly to glance at Maya. "Why were you at the house tonight? What was so important that you had to speak to Tony?"
“Hi,” Tony says, his voice muffled by the armor.
"Yeah. Nazis have been working with US credentials and jurisdiction, Nick Fury died," Yu says. "We even have reasons to believe so did Captain America, but that's yet to be confirmed."
“Where are we?” he asks.
“So you're going for artificial intelligence, and you don't want to tell the team?” Bruce says and Tony doesn’t know why he ever expected to hear a different reaction.
Identity crisis, memory loss, mentions of psychological torture. This chapter is narrated almost entirely from Bucky's POV so, you might find it desperately confusing (I fooled around with the format at the end to mimic Bucky's state of mind, so that's why it looks all over the place)
“—While  trying to save the city. Jesus, you too?” says Tony, but he doesn’t sound offended. Steve shakes his head.
Natasha quirks an eyebrow and looks at Steve. "Steve doesn't like that kind of talk," she tells Fury, but she's only looking at him.
Happy sees the blond guy make a walk towards him when his glowing buddy calls up for him. “Savin! Help me!” he screams and Happy sees him turning oranger and oranger before he understands something bad’s about to happen.
His father doesn’t tell him to leave but when he looks down back to his desk, Tony knows that’s as far as it could go. He doesn’t say bye, just quietly turns on his spot and leaves the door half-open.
He runs up through the sand and stands just a few steps away from Tony’s small, sitting body. “How was the fun-vee?” he says, his breath rushed.
“No, but I get it,” Tony says. “Besides, if I tell him all this, it’s gonna crush him,” he adds, making a face as he shakes his head.
“Until I’ve killed or captured all of them,” Rhodey says.
So he presses his palm on Tony's head and guides him down again and Tony's humming all the way through it.
Tony lets out the breath he was holding and Steve looks down. "God, I really hate that man," Tony mutters.
But nothing. It's like it's glued to the table. With concrete.
"Doesn't really mean I have to be a bad friend," Tony says, tilting his head.
Tony smiles and looks at the table, then moves his head around in a vague positive reply. "Not everything you read about me online is true, though," he makes sure to add.
He turns on the bike and parks just by the side of the trunk.
As everyone walks out of the elevator, Tony puts his arm in front of the guy to stop him from leaving. “The notion of working with you titillates me,” he whispers. It’s almost too easy to fool him.
“There it is. Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes rolls!” Tony shouts as the dice rolled off his hand and landed him on nothing good.
“Who are you videocalling?” Rhodey asks Tony once the line sound begins ringing in the room.
Tony points to the ax lying on the grass before he can finish his question.
Tony reasons Jarvis has dedicated almost 22 years of his life to his ungrateful ass and he feels his heart sink. Tony looks down at the floor, his sight getting blurry as his eyes fill with tears.
“I have a plan,” Tony says and then turns to add: “Attack.”
“Colonel Rhodes,” Major Allen greets him, with a sharp salute.
"Tony, is somebody there?" Pepper asks from the stairs.
"See ya'!" Rhodey shouts back, before going to the garage to get his suit.
Sam sends him a picture of Vision learning about board games and Rhodey laughs at the sight of the robot tangled in his own limbs as he plays Twister.
Then he remembers. “Shit. Gotta go,” Jim says before running back home to where the fate of his future awaits.
So they both look at each other panting, red down to the necks, and decide to mutually call it off. Postpone it.
The man turns pale in the sunny light, panting. Something's off.
“Obie, what are you doing up?” Tony asks, after taking a sip.
Pepper smiles widely; it almost makes her look older than she actually is. “Hey, Rhodey,” she says. “Is Tony close?” she asks a beat later.
Seventy years. He’s been frozen in the artic sea for nearly an entire century. “How am I alive?” he asks, frowning just a little.
"You are dismissed," Yu says, but he's no longer looking at him.
Rhodey stands to walk next to him when the door opens. “It is truly a sad day in history,” a man says on the phone as he walks in, cigar on his hand. “Yes, yes. Will Tony be giving a statement?” he asks out loud.
“Listen—do over?” he says, and then stretches his hand. “I’m Tony,” he adds.
They don’t fill the air with any other unnecessary, dangerous statements. They’re getting excellent at saying everything they feel with their glances alone.
“Iron Man? Yeah, I wouldn’t count on him making an appearance soon,” Coulson says, jokingly, as he crosses his arms. “He wasn’t particularly interested in the whole thing when I arrived, still seems butthurt about the fact he wasn’t allowed to join the Initiative,” he says, looking at Nick, cracking a laugh.
“What are y—
“Yes,” Steve says, his hand still on Tony’s knee.
He knew facing the reality that time had passed was gonna wash over him like a tsunami, knock him off his feet with a powerful force.
But this time, maybe Steve can help a little, if he has any luck.
It’s been just hours since he’d been woken up and he’s already running through mountains, driving at top speed in a motorcycle that lets him know enough it’s been years since he was last alive.
"Seriously, that's the comment you gonna make right now?" Rhodey says, raising his eyebrows. Then he looks down again and rubs his thumb on his 'James'. "Dammit," he mutters.
?" Rhodey says, amused. "
“We have group activities tomorrow. You’re gonna make me look bad,” Rhodey mutters, yawning once more.
“Half hour ‘til the ball drops,” Happy tells him when he’s too busy staring at one spectacularly intelligent Maya Hansen. He almost doesn’t remember not wanting to come to Bern for the tech convention at all, especially not after everything she told him about the research she’s been working on.
Steve takes a couple of them and studies them. Tony has a raw ability but Steve can still see a gentle, quite artistic touch to his drawings.
"Oh, those things? Barely took me an afternoon. Can't wait to hear Natasha diss them," Tony replies, closing some holographic tabs on his desk.
He has no idea what just happened but he's sure it's got something to do with Loki's little magic wand.
“We all are,” she answers.
“Well, I don’t have one of those fancy mobile phones, Tones,” Rhodey says, in good nature.
“I love you, too,” he tells her. “And I know you’re doing the best you can,” he adds.
But, as gutted as he felt, he knew there was a reason to it. There was a reason to him crashing a plane to his death and ending all possibilities of him and Peggy having a life together.
"You think he'd go without saying anything?" Tony asks, his tone neutral.
“Nice guy— artificial,” Tony says, shrugging.
“I can still try,” he says, grabbing Peggy’s hands.
“Harold—and I’m also Mr. Stark’s bodyguard,” Happy says, taking a few steps closer with his hand out.
“Stuttgart, Germany. 28, Königstrasse. He's not exactly hiding,” the agent supplies. In the screen, Steve can see the man they’re after.
He looks at him openly. No fears left in him, just his permanent sad sense of guilt.
“Oh, thank you,” Rhodey mutters, kissing her on her forehead before grabbing the cup and inhaling the warm smell. He takes one long sip, then throws the pill into the cup and turns back to Pepper. “So, where were you last night?”
That’s why he breathes easily once he does.
Tony nods awkwardly, like he’s been electrocuted, and Happy doesn’t even seem to get what just happened — or care for, if Steve’s being honest.
'As if I have any other choice', he thinks. But that's why Pierce's saying it.
“Unfortunately, he's still Barton,” Tony jokes after he’s come out of the room they set up for Clint.
Iron Man doesn’t answer and instead disappears into the massive, black hole and Steve
Tony nods. "Yeah, with the arc reactor. I couldn't find the right element for it so he left me a note, cyphered, so I could remake a new one," Tony shares.
He believes he used to make fun of it. 'You're keeping the outfit, right?' he hears in the back of his head and he tastes bourbon on his tongue.
“What?” Steve asks, trying to look with his good eye. God, he must be a sight to see.
Pepper rolls her eyes at him but she's amused, and he can already see he's growing on Maya, too, even if it's by extension to Pepper.
His mission in Kuwait shouldn't have taken him as much as it did but he got it done for good. War Machine didn't need to step on Arab soil in the near future and he was damn fucking glad.
"I can't believe you have the nerve to even ask me that," Tony mutters, absolutely baffled.
“Nothing's been the same since New York,” Tony adds.
Tony turns to them. "I cracked the Pentagon's firewall in high school on a dare," he says.
“Oh, my goodness,” Rhodey says, in the same nature.
And it's not that he felt like a virgin, he knew damn well how all of this felt before—in theory. But none of the women he'd been with before were as shameless as the man that was destined to him from day one. None of them felt like Tony, none of them pressed and moved against him with perfect sync, measuring just how much pleasure he could apply before Steve made a fool of himself again.
"It's not so much that but we have to find answers," he explains, shrugging. They all look around each other. "Her powers, his very existence," Thor adds, pointing at Wanda and Vision sitting across each other at the other end of the table. "I believe there's more to this than just coincidence," he says.
He raises his head slowly. "Steve?" He asks, the memory of the blond stuck in the back of his brain like a wine stain on a piece of cloth.
Something in his gut telling him it wasn't right. But he understood how crazy that sounded.
“Good morning,” the brunette woman says, then checks her watch. “Or should I say, afternoon?” she adds, all constricted likeness.
But Tony keeps shooting darts: "Isn't that the 'Why We Fight'? So we can end the fight. So we get to go home!" Tony yells, like he's afraid of a whole other thing.
Steve takes a deep breath, trying to think of something, and looks out the window. The sun is coming down, making the ocean glisten and the sky color in a peaceful, pretty shade of pink and lilac. “I hadn’t come to Los Angeles since my touring days during the war,” Steve shares.
“Why, you wanna ask him out on a date?” Rhodey replies, his patience running out by the second. Williams shows his teeth but he doesn’t look amused.
Rhodey rolls his eyes and takes them. The next morning, he’s giving Tony another big hug at the airport, then he’s arriving at the Philadelphia International Airport and taking a cab back home.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I guess you have a point,” Rhodey complies, in good humor.
He thinks about the fact that now he can’t stop remembering Coulson’s name Phil, can’t stop thinking how he planned for him to go with his girlfriend as soon as all this was over.
He's their special weapon; the only one left. The only one they trust enough.
“I’m not trying to—”
“I— don't like being handed things,” Tony tells him, awkwardly.
amused.
He puts the carbon in front of Yinsen’s face, and the man starts to yell something with the Jericho missile in it, repeatedly.
Tony only smiles, his shoulder giving a little shake.
"Soldier, what happened?" a doctor asks him, he looks worried.
’s James. It’s
“I have no choice,” Thor says, resuming their walk out of the compound. “The Mind Stone is the fourth of the Infinity Stones to show up in the last few years. That's not a coincidence. Someone has been playing an intricate game and has made pawns of us. But once all these pieces are in position—”
for this one other than I hope you enjoy Maya/Pepper because that ship is really close to my heart and, fearing a little spoiler alert: it's gonna be huge in this fic.
Allen stares at him and gives him a lopsided smile. "Sometimes you're too good for your own good, Jimmy," he says, kind-hearted. "You wanna know what I think?" he asks.
So that's what he has in mind by the time they make it to the Tower.
"Hi, Steve," she greets back, still on her nurse uniform.
But the man goes, unaware of the turmoil he's causing: “Because you know you don’t wanna cause a scene,” he whispers, like he’s winning a battle Bucky didn’t even know he was fighting.
Tony looks down to the floor, he knows that kind of determination to kill something you've created once you realize its potential for evil.
“’Cause I like having my own agency. I know,
Someday, he will be up there, in the clouds, untouchable.
But he can't even trust a goddamn cellphone.
face on it. Steve.
Happy nods and takes the paper out of his jacket to hand it to Rhodey. “So, when do I come get you?” he asks Tony and Tony turns to Rhodey, his eyebrows questioning.
“Excuse me,” Maria says, almost grinning at her closed fist and Rhodey puts a hand on her back.
He catches
On top of that, S.H.I.E.L.D. had already brought
“I’m just your babysitter, so when you need your diaper changed – thank you – let me know,” Rhodey says, taking one towel.
Rhodey chuckles at Allen's sudden quietness and then looks down as his friend makes it back to him, on his way to the car.
It’s been ten days when they let him outside for the first time. A bag on his face and the car battery held tightly in his arms.
"Yeah," is all he can manage to get out with Steve looking at him like Steve's a kid standing in front of actual Santa or something.
"I'm outside. We're in trouble," Thor says in a somber tone before they make it out.
"I'll be down in a minute," she says and Clint nods, leaning into her touch once more before she leaves with the team's new addition.
“She's creating tissue,” Bruce tells Natasha, excitedly.
Tony lets go of him after one squeeze and then punches him in the shoulder. “A whole fucking year,” he says.
“I wasn’t notified you were here. Who let you in?” Happy asks, checking a pad he’s holding.
“You are unbelievable,” Rhodey greets.
“You think it’s better we just let them kill him?” Rhodey asks, turning the engine on.
“Well, ha, I really wouldn't know now, would I?” Pepper says, smiling at him.
"There's a particle-wave below the north tower," JAVIS answers.
He swallows nervously and Steve adds, “I’d like to be your friend,” with a genuine smile. Tony’s eyes just turn softer before he can do a damn thing about it. “You think that’s something we can try?” Steve asks in a kind tone that warms Tony’s chest.
"Oh, come on!" the stranger shouts.
There’s a huge crowd, covering half of the block to the house, along with TV crew and police officials. Rhodey has to wave his hand at who he knows to be Jarvis from pictures like a maniac before he gets spotted.
They're still staring at each other when room service knocks on the door. Pepper goes over to open the door. "Hi, good evening. Come on in," she tells the waiter, moving aside to let him in. But with no warning, Killian appears behind the man and brutally snaps his neck. It all happens fast, in less than a second.
“Who are you?” Rhodey turns, nearly jumping in startlement, to find a man standing on the door frame. A six foot guy, with brown hair wrapped in a pony-tail and a
"They want you now," Rumlow adds, rushing him.
"Is a woman," Steve clarifies, turning to look at Tony. "I believe there's quite a difference there."
“Why would she call you?” Tony asks, shifting from his comfortable position.
“There's no possibility of deterioration,” Helen replies. “The nano-molecular functionality is instantaneous. His cells don't know they're bonding with simulacra,” she adds, tapping on her machine.
“You forgot about it?”
He doesn't know what he sees, but he feels them. He feels them in his heart, in his head, in his entire body.
“The Stark Tower? That big ugly—” Tony moves his head swiftly to quirk an eyebrow at the Captain, making he cut his phrase. “—building in New York?” he finishes, only barely looks back at Tony.
"Yeah, he even left a video. Said I was his greatest creation," Tony says but Steve frowns at him. That's a very odd thing to tell your kid. "So I guess that's another thing we have in common," Tony adds with a smile.
Rhodey stares at him not blinking. "What are you even talking about?"
“Great, Dayana,” Tony repeats, getting it right. Spanish it’s not his forte of the romance languages. “So, Miss Dayana, I was wondering if you could provide me with some assistance?” he asks, leaning on the counter.
"Stark, we really need to get inside," Cap asks.
Álvarez falls quiet and frowns at him, but then he softens it and looks down. “You don’t wanna talk about it…Alright,” he says, Rhodey’s not looking at him. “Okay, you know what? That’s fine, and that’s something you gotta figure out on your own so,” he goes over to the table, next to Rhodey, and stands there, doing something for a while. “I’m gonna leave you to it. And once you’re done, and you’ve made decisions,” he says, handing him a napkin, “I’m here, if you need anything. Happy birthday, Rhodes.”
Rhodey grimaces. "Ugh. God no," he replies quickly. "You think I got that poor of a taste?"
"There are conventions. All right? You meet people. I didn't sell him anything," Tony explains, narrowing his eyes at him. "He was talking about finding something new, a game-changer. It was all very Ahab," he says.
“I was thinking maybe we could talk about it over pizza and sodas? It is Thursday night, after all,” Pepper offers, a friendly smile.
Natasha looks ahead. “He went back to his family. Has to help out Laura with the baby before he arrives,” she explains, her eyes lost for a second.
Rhodey smiles without noticing. “It was— intense. But I was right about him, Tones,” he shares.
When she sees Maya being released by the medical staff, she walks over with the Iron Man helmet under her arm. "Are you okay?" she asks worriedly, her gaze fixed on the cut on Maya's forehead.
Tony puts a finger on his lips, and then he smiles like he did just before licking him. "You ready to see how that might work for your benefit?" he asks.
"That's cheap. Even for you," Tony mutters. Rhodey bites his churro and shakes his head with a pout. "And whatever, we're taking it slow—" Tony can even barely make his sentence before Rhodey hooks his hand on his shoulder.
“Shit. Really?” Álvarez asks, only barely looking at Tony, and Rhodey nods. “Happy birthday— what are you now, Major?” Rhodey nods again. “Well, happy birthday, Major Rhodes,” he says, his olive-brown eyes haven’t changed. Rhodey lets the loose part of his brain stare a little.
“Jesus, Tony, this is serious—”
But Tony shifts in his spot and his face turns serious. “Why? You can’t tell him about this,” Tony says.
Tony can feel him slowly slipping away and there’s not a single plan in his head to stop that from happening.
“Stark Industries is pleased to have you,” Rhodey says, also smiling.
“I mean, there are also plenty successful subjects –about a few dozens of them each continent—and people can live a happy, normal life while on permanent pill treatments and the sorts. It’s really up to you—”
Rhodey almost growled at his question because no, he wasn’t good, something was fucked up inside him and it was manifesting on his soulmate mark. Or the lack of it, to be more specific. “I’m fine,” he lies, putting on his socks.
Rhodey nods and taps on the buttons. "Oh, and please, please, don't do anything stupid until I come back, okay?"
expensive. Far in the back, walls made of glass allow a perfect view of the sea.
Steve takes that and nods. He can’t hope to understand what it’s like to live as someone like Tony.
Rhodes mimes zipping his mouth closed to shut Tony up, giving him a look before adding, “This is war on terror, Tony. We’ve been dealing with this shit since way before you — or Iron Man, for that matter – has been walking around.”
“They do, don’t they?” he asks, smiling, but Pepper doesn’t comply. “Alright, fine. He was just—” Tony says, pointing at the suit.
Rhodey’s not interested in being a hero; he just wants to keep Tony out of trouble –mostly from himself.
“Relax,” he tells Tony, and Tony lowers his hands from his head. He walks towards him, like a lion slowly walking towards its prey, and puts his fingers on top of his chest, on top of the arc reactor. “The bow and arrow once was the pinnacle of weapons technology. It allowed the great Genghis Khan to rule from the Pacific to Ukraine, an empire twice the size of Alexander the Great and four times the size of the Roman Empire,” he speaks, walking around the cave. “But today, whoever holds the latest Stark weapons rules these lands, and soon, it will be my turn.”
Tony turns back to Steve –who’s now actively staring at the ceiling, Tony tries his best not to smile at that. “That’s JARVIS,” Tony tells him, smiling politely.
Steve hasn't stopped to think about the soul-crushing irony of him ending up working for Hydra in this uncertain and overwhelming future.
"You don't have to soften the blow, you know? I grew up with the guy," Tony replies, taking a different road and God bless because Steve isn't ready to speak at length about this with him.
Everyone claps and then he walks towards his special suitcase, that’s a portable mini-fridge.
They continued talking as the night went on, moving on to the couch at one point. And as Steve told Tony about his first-and-only visit to Los Angeles during his touring days, Tony fell asleep, resting against the back of the couch, facing him.
It makes Peggy chuckle and wave it off with her skinny hand. “He’s made you think he’s this hard carcass but he’s a big softy,” she says.
SO I know I ghosted again, I'm terribly sorry. I was trying to get this properly corrected & guess what? I DID. Huuuuuuge shoutout to
“But we shouldn’t talk about this,” Álvarez says, thank fuck. Rhodey feels his neck getting hot and he’s not even sure why he’s nervous.
He's figured he's earned the man’s trust when he tries to sneak out in the night, the third week in.
Steve presses on the button to his room. “Right. What kind of monster would let a German scientist experiment on them to protect their country?” he asks, sarcastically.
Behind them, Agent Romanoff stands still as she says: “Gentlemen, you may wanna step inside in a minute. It's gonna get a little hard to breath.”
Even standing on the top of the ten-story building, Jimmy feels small, just a tiny space in a universe infinite times larger. One last tear helplessly rolls down his cheek and he decides it’s time to let go. He will have to do without his backpack or the sharks will get more vicious. He will make new friends even though everybody in 5
"Your name— is James— Buchanan Barnes—"
Maya squeezes Pepper's hand and smiles bitterly at her. "Yeah but I didn't realize how deeply weaponizable it was," she says. "Not until it could've been too late," Maya adds in a whisper.
Tony shakes his head. “You’re full of shit. You’re three levels below me,” Steve says, annoyed.
But it was worth it, if the glow Steve has on his eyes is anything to go by.
“My private elevator—”
Guess that's gonna be how this friendship will work, then.
“Will you be okay?” Tony asks, moving his head looking for Steve’s eyes.
“I was going through the special projects archive and I found some blueprints and research of one of our engineers here, and I was hoping you could contact him for a meeting with me?” he asks.
Tony shrugs. "Of course— wait, why?"
“It would still go up—”
They make it to the dining room, where everyone's gathered, holding hands and everyone stares at them, falling silent.
He grabs one of the doctors by the collar and sends him flying in his angry confusion. In no time he has guns pointed at him like a caged animal.
“'This' what?” Tony asks, confused.
Now, he'll have that mental image for the rest of the night.
mark? Steve is a super-human," Rhodey counters and Tony blinks in realization.
“Yes, and I will see them when I leave here,” he replies. “And you, Stark?” he asks back.
For the first time in months, Rhodey desperately wants to go back home.
“Why won’t you let me spoil you? Gosh,” Tony fake-whines, smiling.
, he really is as annoying as Tony pictured him when he was a kid.
Steve turns to give him an ugly look in a second.
Thor shifts in his position. “Yes, yes, of course. A victory should be honored with revels,” he answers, raising his eyebrows.
“Sir, what— I, I thought we were discussing this behind closed doors,” Rhodey interrupts.
He breathes, a cold rush of air out of his mouth, and looks up.
did?” he asks in a British accent. “He almost just died,” he says, a big easy smile on his face, tapping on Tony’s shoulder.
The tank blows up not long after he dropped into the deepness of the ocean. “Rad levels are as good as can be expected. It was pretty deep when it actually exploded,” Rhodey tells General Meade on the comm. “Anything from the prisoners?”
“No— I figured if we made enough noise in the science community, one particular Maya Hansen could pop up, you know, return. This could’ve improved your chances of meeting her,” Tony explains, just glancing back to Agent guy for a quick second.
“And how is President Ellis responding? By taking the guy they call War Machine and giving him a paint job,” Rhodey hears in the background TV as he sips his coke.
“Oh, no, I do. I just wish he’d give me a heads-up first,” she replies. “Besides, you’re here now—”
But everything has and he can’t keep his mind from reaching those dark, edgy corners of reality, of memory. Of him dying to save his country and the world but still managing to come out of it all alive, of losing Bucky, of Peggy’s plea for him to go back to her. Her word that he wouldn’t be alone.
“Put on the suit,” Rogers repeats, pressing his teeth.
Now, that’s a first. “Shit, is that even possible?”
It's not him.
Steve drops another kiss to his jaw and smiles. “What does it look like it’s happening?” he asks.
Tony’s eyes flicker for a second and Steve can’t hope to feel like he knows him enough to sense something isn’t right.
"Sergeant Barnes," Rhodey blurts out as soon as he recognizes the man in the picture.
Tony sighs in reply and crosses his arms. "Yeah, duh. I was mad it blew on all of our faces before I could do something about it," Tony comments, looking to the side.
"The mark," Tony clarifies. "'Cause let me tell you, watching you on the news get swallowed by the Potomac with a whole ass Helicarrier falling on top of you, well, that was a traumatic experience on its own. So, thanks to this thing I knew you weren't dead," he adds.
"And let me know what you guys are up to. And however you decide to handle this. I will meet you wherever it is, okay?" Rhodey asks and Tony nods.
“Stand up!” he orders Tony, grabbing him by his forearm and pulling him up from the bed. “Do as I do,” he whispers. “Put your hands up,” he says, doing so.
Rhodey clicks his beer with Tony’s cocktail glass and then sips. “I’ve known that since MIT,” he tells him right after he swallows; it’s his eight one, but he feels relaxed enough to let himself go a little. He’s earned it.
Fire and glory. Chaos and peace.
Rhodey shifts on his seat and looks for a file. "Here," he says, throwing the folder for Allen to see. "Barnes' unit was captured for months by the Axis. He was forced into labor work at a weapons facility. A HYDRA's weapon facility," Rhodey explains as Allen reads. "He was a prisoner of war. Of the Nazis. So how does he wind up and become one? How did he survive falling off a running train? Why did he want to kill his best friend?"
“Whatever,” Pepper mutters. “My point was for a long time I wish I’d gotten someone else, something easier to explain to really judgmental and close minded catholic parents but then I realized I’d either rejoice in it or just plainly moved on, there’s no point in being mad about something I have no control over,” she says, giving a shrug. “And that I can’t do anything to change it,” she adds, putting a gentle hand on his face.
“…billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. I remember,” Steve says, huffing a soft laugh at his mug as he takes another drink.
“Yeah, who doesn't love revels?” Tony mutters, laying back on the table. “Captain?” he asks, because he knows Steve’s been off since SHIELD’s collapse.
“Well, fine, yes, hate. I hated him—”
The final dagger to go into his shattered scraps of a soul.
Like losing your only family and having to deal with a company and a legacy at 21.
“Threat is imminent, and I have to protect the things that I can't live without. One of those being you,” Tony says, almost not looking at her. “And my suits, they're—”
Steve is torn between feeling bad for Tony that their new teammates seem absolutely disinterested in hanging out, but also understanding them.
She turns back on her heels and leaves Steve standing there, not knowing what to do.
Tony walks over to the worktable with the special tab folder. “The Avengers Initiative was scrapped, I thought— and I didn't even qualify,” Tony says, turning to the Agent just one time.
“The what?” she asks, turning back to him.
“Other than Stark, you mean,” Rhodey says.
"Nothing. He's just old. The President will thank him and we'll get drunk at his farewell party, but General Ross here is the next thing," Yu says.
“желание,” this handler says, and he wants to say that’s not necessary but a breath gets caught up in his throat.
Tony nods and swallows, knowing better than to say anything. He knows in his heart he can't hold a grudge against Steve for long.
“What do you mean?” Steve asks with a frown.
Steve doesn't address her question and simply tells her: "Let me know if he sends more messages."
“Yeah, apparently I'm volatile, self-obsessed, don't play well with others,” Tony tells him, assembling the tab.
“What does he want?” Tony asks, his heart rate rising.
On the screen, Rhodey sees a man with a mask blowing a car on a highway. Rhodey recognizes the attack as one of the ones that went down last week.
Rhodey arrives just two days later to read on a report that Nick Fury's died and HYDRA's infiltrated SHIELD all these years and they were fact of immediately disbanded as a government organization.
He’s rubbing his temple when he notices, only a blur on his right wrist before he can take a proper look at it.
"Hold on, hold on," Killian whispers to Tony. "Maya..."
"You don't need practice—"
Rhodey can almost see Tony physically fighting the urge to poke his tongue at Clint.
“Indeed. He’s riding the elevator as we speak,” JARVIS informs and Rhodey waits by it until it slides open and delivers an excited Tony, crashing against his chest in a hug.
"I guess you know what happened in DC, right?" Rhodey just starts cutting to the chase.
“Fuck if I know, man,” Rhodey says, a little exasperated.
"Clint, you've had a tough week. We won't hold it against you if you can't get it up," Tony jokes.
He makes it into the room and meets Thor, coming back from outside.
He opens his mouth to express his regret when Tony goes: "I love cheeseburgers." Steve inhales and smiles, Tony replies a smile of his own. "I'm gonna change and clean myself a bit and you'll show me the way, deal?"
Álvarez's eyebrows twitch a little in confusion and then Rhodey points to his own collarbone. His roommate goes to the mirror on the bathroom and mutters “Shit!” loud enough for Rhodey to hear.
"What?" Tony asks, turning.
"Gee, you thought I needed to be reminded that I'm
“Dude, I’ll take a nice ass tan before being in my house one more minute any day,” he tells Jimmy before taking one of the bottles from him and clicking it with the one Jimmy was holding. Jimmy pretends he doesn’t see the faint bruise on Mickey’s cheekbone and instead sips on his beer. He’s learned not everybody has a nice household.
asks.
Steve thinks of the darkened windows and the unrested look; he doesn’t dig, but he keeps on locking his eyes with Tony’s in the hope that the man opens up to him.
So this was the top big mission they were asking of him?
"Why, Ms. Barton, you little minx," Tony mutters. "I get it. Maria Hill called you, right?" Tony asks him. "Was she ever not working for you?"
Just the memory of that hideous moment makes Steve's blood run cold again.
"On your left," Steve says again, running past him a second time.
Rhodey steps in the way to the door when the medical staff tries to make a run from it, just out of instinct. “Tony?” he calls, but he’s only looking at the doctor.
“He's got increased metabolism and improved thermal homeostasis. Her thing is neuroelectric interfacing, telekinesis, mental manipulation,” Hill answers but Steve looks at her like she just spoke a different language. “He's fast and she's weird,” Hill summarizes.
Suddenly, Rhodey hears the door of his truck being open and shut close and Allen almost leaps towards them. "Oh, my god, it's Nick Fury!" he shouts. "Sir— Woah," Allen goes, taking a step towards the man and Rhodey wants to face-palm himself.
Bruce’s eyes turn a little soft. “Sounds like a cold world, Tony,” he says.
He turns to Peggy like a cry for help.
Cap is calmed and collected. He's put together.
“Let me guess,” Bucky trails in English and Nadejda turns to frown at him. “English?— No, American,” he asks the man, fully turning to him now.
“What do you mean?”
Peggy takes a deep breath and looks down. “Howard was – complicated. His relationship with Tony wasn’t good. But that’s not something you should hear from me,” she tells him.
“Why is he British?” Rhodey asks Tony, and he looks down at that.
From the floor, Steve stares at his red-and-gold form. He feels out of breath but he’s not sure if it’s from the fight he just had with the horned-man or if it’s something else.
And he smiles.
“—But, you know, the suit can take the weight, right?” Rhodey’s saying as he grabs a drink from the bar counter. “So I take the tank, fly it right up to the general's palace, drop it at his feet. I'm, like, ‘Boom. You looking for this?’,” he jokes but Tony and Thor only half-grin at him. "’Boom. Are you looking for’— why do I even talk to you guys?  Everywhere else, that story kills,” Rhodey says, mildly annoyed.
He barely has time to turn back before the alien ship is coming alive and threatening to eat him whole.
Pierce smiles a devious smile and he feels an alert going off somewhere in the back of his head. "I guess the stories
"What?" Steve cuts in, stopping her from circling around it.
The same debrief package that had information on Howard’s son, who went by ‘Tony’ and who happened to be the world’s most famous superhero.
“Alright,
They look at each other still, trying to see eye to eye but they're both blind.
He sacrificed for little, but at least he’d be able to rest easy now, knowing the Tesseract would never be in the wrong hands again.
"Cap, they want you back at S.H.I.E.L.D.," Rumlow says behind him.
"Today was good, wasn't it?" Tony asks in tone Steve’s not sure he’s heard before. It’s almost kid-like. He’s satisfied and, well, contented.
As Pepper’s hologram disappears, Steve shows up by the threshold, a paper bag in his right hand, a Starbucks coffee in the other.
"'Course I did," Sam says as he gives him half a hug. It'd been months since he saw him, but they had kept in contact through messages almost every day.
Tony flips him off. "Fuck you. Thanks for backing up my statement," Tony says and resumes to their walking.
Tony closes his eyes as he does one shake of his head. "Ok but he was controlling you, you were just trapped there, there was nothing you could..." Rhodey quirks an eyebrow and Tony realizes his point. "Do," he finishes, slowly. "Oh my god, you
He shakes his head instead and puts a hand on her face. "Hey, don't worry. I'll get you better, okay? I almost had this 20 years ago, when I was drunk— and with Maya's help, it'll be easier. This is what I do, Pep. I fix stuff," Tony says, trying to calm her.
“Yeah, we got back up now,” Tony says, smiling.
"Damn," he breathes, his shoulder aching, right where 'Tony Stark' was written.
Rhodey had to fight the urge to burst out laughing.
Steve is at a loss of words just seeing the amount of pencils, his memory going vaguely back to a time when he’d have to scrap the very last centimeter of his old pencil just because he couldn’t afford to get a new one until the end of the month.
Rhodey rubs the back of his neck, tired and numb from the odd position he fell asleep in. He decides showering is a priority.
It’s the only one that doesn’t have that haunting red sign on top; instead it gives a ‘current address’ as 57-J Merryweather, Westchester, UK and a phone number. He takes a look at the room and finds the phone in the corner, at the back, and for a split second he actually considers it.
Maya shakes her head. "No, I..."
"He didn't say 'dead'. He said 'extinct'," Steve cuts in.
He stands up without glancing back and he leaves for the crime scene, right where Loki should’ve never gotten in so easily.
“I'm not in. I'm actually out,” Tony says, still outside.
“Is this about The Avengers?” Pepper blurts out. “—Which I know nothing about,” she quickly tries to save.
Tony’s back to his favorite childhood hobby: mentally shooting darts at Captain America’s head.
“I—I wasn’t eavesdropping,” he blurts and Tony frowns at him. “I saw that you were still talking and I—I didn’t want to interrupt so I just stood here ‘til you were done,” Rogers explains.
“How many languages do you speak?” he asks the man who’s become his sort of companion, trying to gather more information about their captors, a day later.
“Went great, looks like it's gonna be an early Christmas,” Tony answers, making his way to the Humvee.
Comments inspire me back into writing. (Also, come reach me on buckybear.co.vu on tumblr if you wanna help me with beta or if just want to yell at me for always taking so goddamn long to post or reply to comments). YOU'RE ALL A COOL BUNCH ALWAYS <3
Bruce, however, is a different story. Bruce is an enigma Thor can’t quite get yet.
“No, fuck me. We’re not having our first time in this dirty couch, no. I’m sure Clint keeps an old pizza slice somewhere underneath the cushions. Just, no,” Tony says and he gets up.
Yu shakes his head, frustrated. "I'm the one deciding what our priorities are, Rhodes. Don't get that twisted," he says.
“What’s your name?” Tony asks as he moves the drawing around to get a better look.
Rhodey yawns while nodding.
"I'll drop Banner off at the tower. You mind if I borrow Ms. Hill?" Fury asks Tony, as he puts on his jacket.
Seems like the U.S. armed forces are just as much of cowards as he is.
Steve’s lips curve in an upward smile, but it’s more resigned than anything. “I know you are, Tony—god, I’m so sorry, I’m an ass,” he gives in, letting his face fall on his hand to rub his temple.
“No. No, look, I'm not trying to be a dic—,” Rhodey cuts himself off as two kids approach them on their table. “—tator,” he saves.
Rhodey nods. "Good," he mutters and then turns back to the TV, just thinking how much shit he's going to give Tony for this when he sees him.
Álvarez looks back at the door behind him then back to Rhodey. “I gotta get out of here, just a few hours,” he says.
“Really? A rebel pilot?” Mickey cracks, way drunker.
“Tony Stark? Great speech, man!” a guy comes from his right side, all excitement. Happy is in seconds next to him, softly pushing the guy away.
"I'm sorry about this," he tells Sam as soon as he opens the door, with a surprised look on his face. "We need a place to lay low," Steve adds.
"You've been busy," Steve says, waving a hand off.
"What's next for you in your world?" Tony asks, looking at him for a moment.
"He's fast. Strong," Steve says, then looks down and remembers the mysterious man, catching his shield at full-force like he was catching a paper ball. "Had a metal arm", he adds.
Rhodey puts a hand on his shoulder. “Are you okay?” he asks.
He crawls his way out and blinks repeatedly, staring at the ground, hundreds of feet beneath them. He needs to get his head right.
Tony takes another breath and keeps going, then: "Like, evidently, I feel terrible for doing that – to you, obviously, because I know you probably thought I was dead so, you got worried. And I don't want you to go through that, naturally. Because I know you care about me – I mean, but not me, ‘cause it's me, but, you know, ‘cause it's you. It's what you do, you care about…people. Right? So I know I'm an asshole and—,"
Tony blinks in response. “Oh, yeah, I’m having a team of guys tomorrow, they’re gonna blow out a wall—”
"I'm sorry. Mr. Stark," Laura walks over, calling for Tony.
Rhodey opens his mouth to defend himself but lets out a breath instead. "Look, I know, it's not what the evidence points out but just— I just don't think he's a bad guy. I don't think he's a threat," he says, entwining his fingers.
“Awesome—“
Two punches to the face and he’s halfway finished.
“I don't remember it being that easy,” he comments, taking a look back to Loki. “This guy packs a wallop,” he adds.
“We'll lose,” Tony says and Steve doesn't know if he means them as a team or them as whatever the two of them are.
Steve looks at him and Tony isn’t sure what’s going through his head, but he knows it’s not good.
He was supposed to be JARVIS but better. And now Tony's come to realize there might not be something actually better than JARVIS.
“But you can control it—”
"He did. They're appointing him as the new Secretary of State," Rhodey says, holding back a yawn.
“I—uh, I don’t, I mean, I’m not eager—”
Allen nods slowly but his face screams sarcasm. "Right. Except that they've been looking for these past days and they haven't found him. Or Cap— wait, do you know anything about that?"
“Shut up, this is important,” he shushes her and she sticks her tongue out.
Rhodey sighs. "Oh, yeah, I've been doing real progress. Just finally gave up and signed up on Grindr," Rhodey shares and Tony makes a pained face.
gonna stick,” Tony cuts in, giving him a look. Rhodey just lets out a sigh in reply. “Either way, Rhodey, Steve's not gonna help you capture his friend so they can just— torture answers out of him," Tony says.
He spent the whole night reading everything he could on James Buchanan Barnes, aka, presumably, the Winter Soldier.
Tony stands, still shaking, and takes another deep breath, trying to steady himself back to normal. He goes over the sink and pours water into a glass, then gulps it all down as if water held all the answers.
He runs a hand across Tony’s sweaty face, to the back of his ear, to the back of his head and he pulls him again, presses another wet kiss into his mouth and Tony bites so hard he rips.
Steve just taps on the couch back with his fingertips and looks down.
He looks at Rhodey helplessly and Rhodey stands and gets a gauntlet of his armor, too.
“Threat! Verbal threat. I feel threatened,” Tony interrupts him.
to,” he says, moving his head to the sides.
"No, I didn't— I was— I just wondered how much practice you've had—"
I know there's a lot to discuss here but can we talk about the idea of Bucky being a burlesque dancer in the 40's? 'Cause that stuck with me.
"I had to prep myself because I'm running on a wire here and I swear as soon as you touch me with those wood-lock-ripping hands of yours, I'm gonna lose it," Tony says, resting his hands on Steve's shoulders.
Tony picked his platonic soulmates well.
Peggy puts a hand on his face and Steve's mind travels decades ago. "I missed you, too, Steve," she says, softly
"You think he had no choice doing all the shit he did," Tony says, questioning in his tone.
Steve walks over to her and sits on the chair in front of the bed, where she's sitting. "What's going on?" he tries again, softer this time.
“You still didn't tell me where you're from,” Tony tells him, just minutes after they’re done putting the arc reactor inside his chest.
Tony just chuckles bitterly at that. "Sometimes I feel like maybe we talk too much," he mutters. "Like, every time I open my mouth I mess it all up and then when I try to get something out of him, it bites me in the ass."
Steve turns. "What's that?"
"Yeah, uhh, I lied," Killian replies, totally careless. "Now, this is live," he says, talking to Tony again, turning his back on Maya. "I'm not sure if you can tell, but at this moment the body is trying to decide whether to accept Extremis or just give up," he explains as Pepper opens her mouth in a scream Tony's glad he can't hear. "And if it gives up, I have to say— the detonation is quite spectacular. But until that point, it's really just a lot of pain," he finishes.
“You look like you’ve been sleeping and eating. Are you sure you’re my best friend, Tony Stark?” Rhodey jokes and Tony cracks a laugh.
Pepper gives him one more smile before she hugs him.
Rhodey stares at him for a good minute and then lets out a breath. “Nope. I actually came here to tell you the news personally,” he says and Tony frowns at him. “I’m going back to the desert, Tones,” Rhodey says, almost like tiredly.
"I thought I knew whose lies I was telling, but I guess I can't tell the difference anymore," Natasha adds, her voice sounding fragile and hoarse.
Even if his gut is screaming at him exactly that.
"Pulse?" they hear a doctor ask another one.
“Ok, what the hell are you two on?” Rhodey says, shaking his head.
Tony and Clint have been arguing for the past thirty minutes about Harry Potter, Rhodey had stopped listening when he heard ‘Slytherin’, whatever the hell that was, and was starting to wonder if he should’ve taken a page out of Thor’s book and bailed for the rest of the night.
They always do.
A couple of more days pass before Thor decides he can’t keep waiting for the big guy to come back and say his farewells to him.
Natasha gives Bruce a sympathetic look before the scientist covers his face with his hands again in silent regret.
Some things are better left untouched.
What he comes to his office to find is way, way worse than that.
They put it there, they must’ve put it there. To haunt him, to remind him he doesn’t have the whole puzzle, can’t even begin to grasp the whole thing. A reminder of what they took, of everything they took.
Bucky's whole body feels like it's vibrating with anticipation for something he's yet to learn.
“Listen,” Bucky begins, and he takes a step closer to the man. “If you appreciate all these innocent people, you know better than to try anything right now,” he says.
"Hey, that goes both ways. Watch your six," Rhodey says and Natasha actually smiles at him.
“They’re saying Rumlow set off a bomb,” Allen explains, turning to Rhodey.
“It’s not a bomb,” Tony says, softly. “It’s an arc reactor feeding an electromagnet inside my chest, keeping pieces of shrapnel from entering my heart,” he explains, not once looking up.
Tony nods and smiles. “You finally saw Peggy?” he asks, moving back to his glass of—whatever he’s having.
Tony turns to him and shakes his head silently.
Below him lies the rest of the world and all its minuscule problems, along with his own. Up here, he’s surrounded by clouds and peace; he feels utter greatness before he has to step back into the present and do the flight maneuvers they ask him to do.
“A lot of people were. You were the world's first superhero. Banner thought gamma radiation might hold the key to unlocking Erskine's original formula,” the man who came to pick him up at his apartment an hour before – Coulson – explains.
The roof falling on their heads after hearing everything Zola told them perfectly symbolizes how he currently feels, Steve muses as he carries Natasha's unconscious body out of the mess without getting spotted.
“It's not superhero business,” Tony says, looking at the drawing.
"Find the scepter," Thor repeats.
Tony stands there for a while just watching Steve look at the room it took him just a few days to set up. Of course, when he says a few days he means it literally, not stopping to get proper sleep or fuel. Yes, Pepper yelled a lot.
Rhodey shakes his head and remembers Pepper’s talk on the phone a week ago, about Tony forgetting to turn off the coffee pot and falling asleep on the kitchen counter. “People are concerned about you, Tony. I'm concerned about you,” Rhodey says.
He hits the streets of New York but they look like no place he’s ever been, it’s all flashes and light and cars that look smaller and shinier than he’s ever seen. He runs one block before it all becomes too much too handle.
Steve takes a step back, as if making room for Rhodes, and Tony blinks back into awareness. “Hi, Rhodey,” Tony says, in a complete different tone. A cheerful tone. The one Tony uses with Rhodes, Steve figures.
“Copy that, sir. But the pieces are pretty tiny. Scanning—Tony’s not gonna be happy there was already Stark tech in that thing,” he adds, after he does the scan on the remaining pieces of the tank, scattered in the water.
"And he did a Banksy of the crime scene. Just for us," Tony says, in a fake cheerful voice.
“Why aren't you wearing those pajamas I got you?” Tony says instead before Obadiah says his goodbyes. He gets into the Humvee and hears Rhodey call for him. Tony closes the door before Rhodey can reach it.
“I don’t mean it a bad way,” Tony adds, quickly. “It’s just—” He takes a breath. “I don’t know what to do or what to say,” he explains, honestly, as he looks down. “I treated you like shit and that was totally unjustified and now I feel like I need to make up for it but I don’t know how to even act around you without making the whole thing terrible and awkward and—” Tony’s word-vomiting when the coffee machine beeps.
Pepper shakes her head. “I'm going to bed. You’re being impossible lately,” she says, annoyed as she turns back.
"Copy that," Cap replies.
And because Tony's made precisely for him, he gets the message.
The man blinks at him in a rehearsed confusion and his daring smile doesn’t falter.
“What?” Tony asks he's still smiling because of whatever thing he and Happy were talking about.
“I can't stay,” the Agent guy says, walking in.
He slides into his flying suit, all his good mood crushed to the ground, disappeared with his mark, and gets out of the bathroom.
"We can beat it, too. We did it last time," Steve defends.
Bruce turns to him in a beat. "Ultron."
Rhodey does half a nod.
“Did you get me my thing, Happy?” Rhodey asks, sitting in front of Tony.
‘The world hasn’t changed all that much,’ Nick had assured and that’s what he holds onto as he walks in the streets of this new world and takes everything in. He has no idea how but even the sky looks different.
“He was doing his job,” Rogers offers, like he’s talking to a kid.
“Machines,” Pepper supplies.
Tony hears someone come but he doesn’t turn to see; doesn’t need to, he’s starting to learn the sound those fucking boots make. “Was he married?” Rogers asks.
“The uniform? Aren't the stars and stripes a little...old fashioned?” Steve asks, trying not to look sad at how much everything keeps changing.
“Raise the mizzenmast. Jib the topsails,” Tony jokes. All the agents turn to him like he’s annoying kid on a school trip. “That man is playing Galaga. Thought we wouldn't notice, but we did,” he yells, pointing out at the blonde agent. Then he spots the screens on the left side and: “How does Fury even see these?”
“It’s right up the Nazis alley,” Tony says.
Tony nods and then shuts the computers' screens off.
“Me?” he hears Tony ask aloud.
'Look at you, sulking over the guy you're destined to be with,' Bucky would mock him. Would heartedly make fun of him until he made Steve feel stupid about his doubts, until Steve felt confident.
“The hell are you going?” Rhodey wonders.
It’s not a breakup but it hurts like two.
“Yo’ Rhodes, it’s getting late and I gotta shower, too, man,” Álvarez says outside, knocking on the door.
Everything's mixed up around him.
Steve tilts his head to give him a tender look and then puts his hands on his face. "Look, I just want you to know that even though you absolutely ditched me to go play cowboy on your own— I'm not mad," he says, an open smile on his face.
"I saw it," Tony adds. "I didn't tell the team. How could I—  I saw them all dead, Nick. I felt it. The whole world, too. Because of me," he says, taking a breath to ease the ache in his chest. "Wasn't ready. I didn't do all I could..."
“Sorry, kids, you don't get to see my party trick after all,” Bruce comments, after putting down the scepter back on the table and walking towards one of the computers.
"Which is why— and I think Thaddeus agrees with me, you're the perfect guy for this next mission," he says and Rhodey swallows, confused.
Rhodey zips his mouth shut and stands still, not even blinking.
“Unintelligible,” Maya gives.
,” Agent Barton comments after they’ve watched Loki take off in one SHIELD quinjet.
Tony starts to go over to his previous spot, his head moving up and down, almost excited. “Yeah. That was just previews, this is— this is opening night. And Loki, he's a full-tilt diva, right? He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered—”
"You should do it," Natasha mutters to Steve before taking a sip of water and then raising the glass of champagne again.
“I know, I’m sorry. Which is why I’ll make up for the absence all of this upcoming weekend,” he says, his arms open.
"Well, we know Strucker's not gonna worry about civilian casualties. Send in the Iron Legion," Tony instructs his AI.
Steve blinks, realizes he just sounded rushed as hell. “Uhm—, right, no. That’s probab—”
“Right, I appreciate that—still, I think it’s healthy for both of us that you have other friends,” he replies.
“You hadn’t blown up a whole city, for starters,” Pepper says, widening her eyes a little bit.
“Right,” he says, and just like with calling Peggy, he backs down. “Maybe another time,” he says, but he’s not sure he means it.
Steve shifts on his spot and lays back on the railing. "Nah, I wouldn't ask him for money," he says.
Sam gives Steve a brief look of confusion before he looks back to Natasha. "Not everyone," he says, before moving to leave space for them to come inside.
Besides, Steve also drops to press his lips against Tony's and squeeze him in another hug.
“Yes, Rhodes, we like you better than him,” the General says, and Rhodey holds his sigh. “You think there’s any chance you can get a hold of one of those things?”
Steve stares at him for a second and then shakes his head. “I can come back some other day if—”
Tony smiles at Steve’s bold decision to share such an intimate thing with him and Steve smiles back. “Yeah, I wish I could give you a more noble reason for what I did. I don’t know—something humble. But I thought I’d be real with you,” Steve says, shrugging.
Tony’s smart enough to differentiate an offer from a threat.
have a crush," Tony says at last.
"I was hoping you might join him," Clint says, hands in his pockets, by the threshold. "I got you your spare gym shirt and some jeans you had in the Quinjet if you wanna shower and change a bit. Stark already borrowed a few of my clothes," he explains.
(See the end of the chapter for
At one point Steve was talking about the Uffizi Galleries as he’d seen them during the war and Tony was telling him that he’d have to take Steve there sometime again, since Maria Carbonell Stark had been an active donor of nearly every museum in her home country. Tony doesn’t remember much after that.
He smiles at that.
Steve frowns. “What does?”
Tony feels suffocated.
“Can’t confirm nor deny,” Tony shrugs. “Listen,” he adds, grabbing Rhodey’s arm just after they exit the place. “I wanted your help with this—”
He loses himself in the darkness and they take over the Earth.
“You know, you don’t have to sound so eager about us dying,” Howard says, harsh.
“Captain Rogers—”
Himself and someone who loves him.
"I mean someone more powerful than me," Nick warned before he moved away from standing between them.
Jim takes the mail out of Jeanette’s hands with a swift motion and ignores his little sister’s ‘Hey!’.
“Tony, what’s wrong?” he asks, not beating around the bushes anymore.
“Who was that, Ivan?” Nadejda asks, almost laughing. “He didn’t even take the apples,” she comments, picking up what the man left behind.
"Mission, sir?" Rhodey wonders and Yu turns to his desk and grabs a folder.
Harley startles in reply and turns back like he just got caught stealing by the police. "I—I wasn't—I got lost and—"
"This is the age of freaks, Colonel," Ross says, with a raised eyebrow.
Plus, it's always fun to meet new people.
“Let me guess. Pepper’s paying you to be my friend?” Tony replies, narrowing his eyes at him.
He puts his hands on Tony's hips, sucking on his mouth, and Tony arches his back. "Come on, Cap," he dares, but his voice sounds needy.
Thor chuckles and Tony feels justified in his goofy smile. “I'm going to miss these little talks of ours,” he says, putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder now.
Tony considers that for a second. He stops thinking about imminent deaths and lost time and the fear of leaving this world without ever knowing what love feels like.
Wait.
Tony swallows and Steve stands firmly behind him as they look at the screen.
Steve shakes his head and puts a hand on his shoulder, rubbing the ache, surely. “What was that?” he asks, looking down at Tony on the floor.
“Tony.” Steve stretches out from his spot on the couch to put his hand on Tony’s knee, just to stop him from babbling his heart out. “It’s okay. You’re not going to screw up anything,” he assures him.
“Hey— why do you look like someone died?” Rhodey says, greeting Allen as he enters his office.
Tony bends down and rolls his tongue from Steve's chest to his collarbone all the way to his neck until he lands on Steve's and nibbles at it.
"Everybody needs practice—"
Happy moves towards one of her plants and runs a hand through it. “Can you— can you not touch my plant. It's not— she doesn't like it. She—”
"Your bed, it's too soft," Sam goes. "When I was over there, I'd sleep on the ground, use rocks for pillows, like a caveman. Now I'm home, lying in my bed, and it's like—"
Until he hears him, the other target.
He flips the back of the car open and finds the suitcase easily, opens that too and sees the serums.
“Who isn't? She needs me,” Tony cuts in, as they start to get inside the elevator.
He's back. He's at the Stork Club like he was supposed to eighty years ago.
“I mean, I don't know, Rhodey. You ever think about them?” Tony asks and Rhodey just quirks one eyebrow. They don’t really talk about them and their lack of a soul mate mark, not since the entire month following Tony’s 18
"'Whosoever be he worthy shall haveth the power.'— Whatever, man!" Clint says, mocking the saying. "It's a trick," he adds.
“Careful. Careful, we only get one shot at this,” Tony says, holding his car battery as he watches the old man get the melted steel out of the fire.
-Remember, I'm not a native english speaker and I'm still looking for beta readers for this work, but in the meantime, bear with me
“—They're part of me.”
invite you to come over—”
“Who took it from you?” Steve wonders.
"I know that. I just wanted to make sure you made sure they're not HYDRA or something," Tony comments and Rhodey gives him a look. "What? It's not completely out of the blue, considering…" Tony trails off. Then he takes a look at Rhodey again. "Well, why do you look like you've been asked to skin puppies or something?" he asks.
“It’s not gonna cause any harm, I promise,” Tony tells the doctor, who is just silently staring at Tony’s work.
Or at least that’s what he tells himself when the clock ticks 12AM and there’s no name on his wrist.
“Yes?” Tony says instead and Rhodey raises his eyebrows in surprise.
“Well, we're not the '27 Yankees,” Steve says, tilting his head a little, as they make their way to the hangar to greet their new official additions to the Avengers team.
Tony thinks just right before remembering this young, promising geneticist he met at a science convention in South Korea last year.
Jimmy doesn’t ask and Mickey doesn’t share. They sit on some retractable chairs Jimmy got from the trash and repaired and talk until sunrise about Star Wars. “I’m gonna be a pilot, someday,” Jimmy says, staring at the sky, tongue rolling lazy in his mouth.
Three are wearing white robes and four are in black get-up, with guns. Guns they will certainly use against him if he gets creative.
"Would that be so crazy to think?" Rhodey sighs.
“You mean the near end of the world? ‘Cause that’s what it looks like out there,” Rhodey jokes back, pointing with his thumb over his shoulder.
Tony moves away from him a little. “You're gonna come at me like that?” he asks, offended.
Tony remains smiling until she disappears through the door again and then he drops his shoulders down and turns to Rhodey, making a face. “That was—”
"I was dead. Why? Because I fell 200 feet?" Pepper interrupts him, in good humor.
“Fury didn't tell me he was calling you in,” he says.
That and the fact that he can’t afford to break in front of Steve.
. “I— understood that reference,” he adds, almost like he’s proud about that.
He was going to make the fact that he was alive in this century count for something.
Maya turns back around in her seat to stare out the front windshield. "Yeah, Aldrich Killian," she says, and Pepper sucks in a breath, mute.
"Was it as good as I thought?" he wonders, excitedly and Rhodey lets his mind wander with that.
So he just shrugs, not buying into it, and takes another sip. He repeats the cycle every four minutes and at one point he just lets the bed sink him further. Tony's already drooling into his cushion, down his fourth dream.
"The news are loving you guys. Nobody else is," Hill says on the video call. Clint's been flying them for hours. "There's been no official call for Banner's arrest but it's in the air."
"No?" Tony asks with a quirked eyebrow.
“I mean, how’s he alive? Why did he try to kill Steve?” Rhodey tries.
“Мистерьозен мъж,” Nadejda greets him once he makes it to her little stand. He likes her; she’s as old as Rebecca would be now.
Yeah, they'll get over it.
The Captain’s stare falls quickly when Tony fails to look back. Tony feels the Captain’s eyes leave his face and walk ahead instead, no other word said.
"Wait," the vice president says, grabbing Rhodey by his arm. "I know he was a friend but we have to assume the worst," he says and Rhodey's actually annoyed because he's heard it all before.
“Is this the first time you've lost a soldier?” Rogers asks at his back, almost politely, but Tony snaps.
"Okay. So you took Killian's card," he realizes. Evidently, she's been working with Killian all along.
name.
“Tones?” Rhodey calls, walking inside slowly. His friend turns to him in surprise and locks eyes with him.
“She mentioned you were quite proud about it,” Steve replies.
Nothing would stand on his way to his dream, not even
Not that Tony stared or anything.
Tony gives her half a smile and turns back around. He suddenly considers whether she maybe isn't here for the reason he thinks.
Pepper, however, is reaching for Maya's hand. "Maya," she says. "You've worked on it your whole life," Pepper adds.
"I'll keep it in mind," Steve replies and Sam mutters a 'yeah'.
"Natasha!" Steve calls after her, following her outside the room.
“I…think he would’ve been freaked out, for sure, but – it’s your very special way of honoring him,” Rhodey says, shrugging. “It’s pretty neat, Tony.”
"That's exactly what I told Allen," Rhodey agrees.
“Agent,” he greets. “You look kinda down, sort of stressed. Is this about your little musician girlfriend Pepper talked about?” Tony inquires, as they make their way into the carrier.
There’s a nauseating feeling deep in his gut all the way up his throat but he's certain it’s the hangover, though he didn't really drink all that much.
"Even two." Yu complies with a tired look, but then he lays his hands on top of his files. "Anyways, we recently got our hands on some files—"
“What if that happens again? What if it’s Ms. Potts instead of me?” Steve asks, bending down to get Tony’s attention on the floor. “Tony,” he calls for him again, when Tony won’t look. “Let me help you,” he adds.
Seeing Tony’s parents be laid down in the ground, to the sound of a joint service drum corps, gave Rhodey a little perspective. He took a look at the single name –or last name—on his wrist and sighed. There are worst things in life than having absolutely no clue who your soulmate could be.
Tony twists Steve's right wrist and rubs his thumb on his mark. "Listen, there's one truth to all this and it's right here. It doesn't matter, Steve. What I've done, what you haven't done— it's all the same. When all's laid down: right now, at this very moment, we're both feeling the same thing," he assures him.
Steve turns and chuckles as he turns left into a different room — Tony figures it’s the kitchen because he starts hearing clanks as Steve begins making coffee for them.
At that moment Happy runs into the bedroom and tackles Tony onto the bed.
Tony’s mouth zips and he looks at Happy in the back just as a reflex, not sure what to make out of all of it.
But Steve looks at him attentively and then he lowers his eyes and smiles faintly.
"Thanks to you, it's been my mantra ever since. Right?" Killian explains. "You simply rule from behind the scenes. Because the second you give evil a face, a Bin Laden, a Gaddafi, a Mandarin, you hand the people a target."
"You're — my — mission!" he yells, he pleads. Tears are rolling down his face and he's scared something terrible has happened.
Bruce blinks again and takes a step towards him. “You—don’t like him? You just said you’ve never seen him before, how can you not like him if you don’t know him?” he asks, frowning.
“Harold, Harold, buddy, relax—” Tony says, stepping into the living room, in a fancy suit. “This is my best friend Rhodey. Rhodey this is Harold Hogan, he’s my chauffeur—”
“No, he won't,” the old man repeats, nodding for the bearded man’s benefit.
"Physics," Bruce says, sarcastically.
“Listen, Tony,” Steve begins, taking a step forward. “I know I’ve been a little absent since—well, since pretty much everything that happened with SHIELD last year and I just—I’m sorry. It’s not the way I meant for it to be,” he says.
“I didn't know that either,” Pepper lies.
The man turns with his lips slightly curved. “John,” he says.
“Who are you?!” he yells, right before two other men in black gear show up. They make up to grab him but he kicks one in front of the other with enough strength they both go flying right through the wall, exposing a different room outside.
“Oh, yeah, he’s just a nice guy buying some apples. What did you expect to see? Him impaling Italian citizens in broad daylight?” Allen asks sarcastically.
“Right decisions are often hard to make,” the man replies, tilting his head a bit as he looks down. “I also happen to know someone who knows you."
Steve lets out a breath. "I don't think I can afford a place in Brooklyn."
Pierce nods at him. "Oh, we know. Don't worry. I'll take care of that," Pierce says, putting a hand on his shoulder like they're comrades. Like he cares.
“There's even talk of Jane getting a Nobel Prize,” Thor says, barely a beat after Tony’s talked.
“Are you okay, Mr. Stark?” the little girl asks.
Tony knew what he was doing.
“—when you know you have me, and you have Rhodey,” Pepper says before grabbing Tony’s face and pushing him to look at her. “And Steve,” she offers.
“Well, offer still stands. Don’t go hurting yourself out there,” she says and Tony gives her a smile before ending the call.
“What I did?” he asks, then gives a little chuckle. “What I did was to save your life,” he says. “I removed all the shrapnel I could, but there’s a lot left, and it’s headed into your atrial septum,” he explains, and Tony gets even sicker in his stomach. “Here, wanna see? I have a souvenir. Take a look,” he says, handing him a small bottle with pieces of shrapnel inside. “I've seen many wounds like that in my village. We call them the walking dead because it takes about a week for the barbs to reach the vital organs—”
"Goodnight," Pierce replies, his eyes still glued to him. "Want some milk?" he asks him, his tone suddenly changing.
He looks up and sees him, in his colorful costume. Like an unorthodox goddamned guardian angel.
“Yeah, I figured he would’ve been proud that I’m not drinking myself to death now—not that I haven’t thought about it—”
"He's fixated on the missiles. But the codes are constantly being changed," Fury says.
Suddenly, the machines attached to Nick start acting up, beeping and making the doctors act fast.
Clint raises his open hands in surrender and motions for Steve to finish.
"Banner and I were doing research—"
"What do you mean?" Rhodey asks with a frown.
“But if you put the hammer in an elevator…”
"Great, I want to poke it with something," Tony says, before getting a hold of one of HYDRA's bombs and flying it into the power source, deactivating it. "The drawbridge is down, people," he tells the team.
“It’s 3:38 a.m., sir,” JARVIS answers.
Steve follows behind, a little hesitant. “A lot. She’s upset you haven’t gone to visit her since the attack.” Steve doesn’t miss when Tony’s eyes squint a little at the mention of the almost world-ending event that occurred in Steve’s beloved city just some months ago.
Tony tells Pepper where Maya is and gives her the time to talk with her before he steps in to ask her for help getting Pepper back to normal. Maya doesn't even think it for a second and agrees to go over to Stark Industries labs to work with Tony.
"We weren't," Tony says.
All Steve could now think of doing was put his hands on Tony’s thighs and next thing he knows, he’s being surrounded by a delicious heat that almost makes him whimper.
Tony's stomach growls in the sudden quietness of the room and now he wants the carpeted floor to eat him whole. Steve smirks despite himself and Tony just rolls his eyes.
“Are we surrounded?” Bucky asks instead, looking around themselves.
Tony opens his mouth to add a witty remark but decides against it. These were the closest people his father ever had –other than Captain fucking America. He doesn’t need to crush the memory of Howard to them, not when the man’s not there to defend himself anymore, at least. “I highly doubt I’m capable of being like he was, guys,” Tony says instead.
Kissing the man bellow him, Steve starts to feel maybe this could be easier than he thought. He was about to get inside when in a blur he was being shoved aside and climbed by Tony instead; he let out a chuckle just out of pure delight.
“Hey!” he yells from outside the lab.
“He's fine. He's thirsty,” Tony adds and Bruce leaves to check up on the archer himself.
“You're not going alone!” the Captain tells him, grabbing Tony by his arm.
“Not— Pepper? Wait, who
“Gentlemen,” Nick greets them and Steve doesn’t forget his bet and hands him the ten-dollar bill, which Nick takes without comment.
‘Good. It’s better if we hate each other’, Tony concludes.
Steve frowns. "Nothing's off," he says, but his tone isn't sure.
He spots the targets riding on a car on the highway, the undercover agent riding with them. He's told to dispose of him, too, as soon as they found out he gave all the information on 'The special Project' as Pierce had put it.
“We've made some mistakes along the way. Some very recently,” Nick admits, a folder in his hands.
“Why are ya’ll so afraid of what’s different?” he asks the five white men standing in front of him, almost smiling with utter pity at them.
"My body feels weird to me. Does yours feel weird to you?" Tony asks on his lips, his brow still furrowed.
"It was a good talk," Tony says to the bunch of groaning man on the floor.
After the —much awkward and almost absolutely silent— dinner is over, Tony heads back to the library and promptly devours nearly every textbook on soulmate scarring, silently cursing his teenage past self for paying little to no attention to any of this during biology class. Who knew you could get more than one soulmate mark? And that some people got them even before reaching their eighteens properly? Hell, no one told him you could get them even in a whole different language.
"What mission?" Natasha asks.
“I got a nuke coming in, it's gonna blow in less than a minute,” Iron Man says, and off in the distance he can hear him flying above. “And I know just where to put it,” he adds.
Everyone holds their breaths in but Steve tries to pull again and the thing doesn't give in.
And a couple of months later, he does.
Steve looks at Peggy’s file still sitting on the woodened table. “Yes,” he replies, deciding he can’t be a coward
“What, like maybe it fell off somewhere?” Rhodey retorts, sarcastically.
“Mission report,” he hears Pierce ask sternly. All he hears is the blond man's voice. “Mission report now,” Pierce demands again, before throwing a swift slap at him.
"You know what?" Tony just puts a finger on his lips, the lower side of his body becoming far too interested in what Steve had to say. "Let's just, leave it like that, because I still have the image of you and the wood log and like—" Tony trails, raising his eyebrows. "If we keep talking, I might, just, find ways to bend my boundaries about the bunny and just— you know, close my eyes or whatever. It would be low, Mrs. Laura doesn't deserve that. She cleans this room," he says.
"So, they're protecting him?" Steve says, unsure.
"Fuck if I know!" Tony shouts, fed up. It's a cheap joke but Ultron did just fucking Pinocchio on their asses. "I have no idea how he came up to be, Steve. We weren't even close to an interface," he says.
Steve presses the button. “Thanks.”
Tony just chuckles lightly, his eyes glassy.
Pepper leads the way to Maya and they've almost reached her when the floor breaks up under their feet, leaving Tony trapped on the far side of a huge fissure while the women still have an escape route out the front door. Pepper hesitates, turning to Tony, but he shouts at her to keep going. "Grab Maya! I'll find another way out!"
“You’re certainly not French,” he adds. “And there’s no way a civilian stands like that.”
He passes his check-ride with flying colors and is told he’ll get his orders in the following days.
On his wrist, right above his veins, five years late, a name appears.
"He's all over the globe. Robotics labs, weapons facilities, jet propulsion labs," Maria explains to Steve as they make their way to the common studio. "Reports of a metal man, or men, coming in and emptying the place."
Steve just stood there for a long second and then turned to Tony, who was doing the same as him.
But Iron Man isn’t flying on the clouds, he’s falling. “He's not slowing down,” Thor says, starting to swing his hammer, but just before he takes off, Hulk jumps high and catches Iron Man’s body and then lands harshly on the ground, near them.
“Nice to meet you, too,” he repeats.
“Shit!” Tony curses when it’s too late, his foot’s already soaked inside the oil bucket. “Dum-E, why did you put that there? Hm? I specifically said you had to put it on the table”, he yells, walking over to his worktable with his foot still inside the bucket.
"Right, there's nothing vague about that answer!" Allen shouts.
"What is this place?" Thor mutters.
"No—"
It's then Steve's mind clicks. 'Aunt Peggy', Tony had called her.
, as in, if you’re free to come. I can have someone pick you up in case you still have—mmm, inconveniences getting over here. I understand the New York you knew it's a little different,” the woman says in a kind voice.
“Please, move out of my way,” he asks, politely.
“Thank you, sir,” Rhodey replies swiftly, saluting him.
“So—”
Clint ignores him a sits back properly, Tony follows and sits back down again. "Well, we don't. It was definitely that," he says. "Listen, I'm only telling you this because I thought you needed to hear it," he adds.
“Well, great, then. Because this is kind of important,” Rhodes continues, as he walks over to them and puts something on the computer screens.
"I know all of your names," Laura says, waving at them. Tony waves back, making an awkward face.
“Nah, I’m good, I was really just curious,” Tony says, faking some cheerfulness.
The look is enough to take Steve's breath away.
“This way, sir,” Doctor Banner points to him towards his temporary lab.
With a light-yellow, woodened floor and pearl blue walls, Steve’s floor is furnished in a subtle fashion. A white couch on the main room, with a flat TV and a remote (“A remote! With buttons and shit! Pepper, are you sure about this?”) and a bone-white lamp that matches the curtains. Behind the big couch, there’s a white bookshelf with a few books, about five movies (“Rhodey, you think Cap would like ‘Die Hard’?”) and a portrait with the photo of the portrait’s model inside.
“Look, we’ll talk back at the Tower later, okay?” he interrupts Tony, calmly, and then gently pushes him to a safe distance. “Good luck,” he adds before his faceplate falls close and he takes off to Washington.
“I mean, it’s not bad, certainly more than I thought SHIELD could even afford,” Tony mutters, looking at the ceiling and peeking around into the living room. “Still, though, I gave you a personal gym and digital drawing tablets,” he adds, walking into the kitchen.
“Look, it’s not like I’m dying, ok? You look like I just told you I have a terminal disease, which, funny enough, wouldn’t be my first time,” Tony says, adding a playful note at the end there.
Rhodey gives him a serious face. “Oh, really? As ridiculous as a giant green man or an actual God of Thunder?” he asks, sarcastically.
Tony's eyes go wide. "Holy shit!" he shouts but Rhodey shakes him to keep quiet. "You found your soulmate?" he asks then, his voice low.
“What about Howard?” Steve asks softly, his hands clasped together.
Maya's gaze bores into Pepper's, like she needs to know whether Pepper truly means what she is saying. "Thank you, Pepper," she says, her shoulders eventually relaxing. "I really appreciate that."
Steve just chuckles.
He bites his lip as they remove his uniform and then looks down. 'James' is on his wrist; James is nowhere near 'Bucky'.
"I'm not sure if 'good' is the word I would use," Rhodey says and flips over the open file of the Winter Soldier.
Clint's soulmate is Natasha. There's no one else on his wrist.
cocky.
It's been months since Steve moved to Washington and Tony started flying there just randomly so they could— well, whatever it was they did. Rhodey kinda blocked Tony's babble in case it was a little TMI.
"Was that your first kiss since 1945?" Natasha asks, her voice playful, her smile flirty as usual.
Tony doesn’t know who Bucky is but he’s heard a similar story to Steve’s, but in that one the anchor was called Rhodey.
“What?” the Captain mutters, his frown still not messing up his factions.
“Your eyes are red,” it’s the first thing he notices when he sees Pepper, in all her work dress-suit gear, like no time has passed and she’s ready to go back headfirst into work, good. “Few tears for your long lost boss?” he adds.
‘Could it be…’ he thinks vaguely, his eyes wandering through the single page on Howard until he spots something different: lying on the table is another file, different from the others, new.
“Ehhh, not really, no—we’ve talked about that. This is Steve,” Tony adds, in a casual tone. Steve takes Happy’s hand in his and shakes it politely.
Sam nods at him and pats him in the back, then he looks at his watch and finishes his drink in one last go. "Alright, I think I'm done for the night," he says, turning from the reel.
"The scepter is alien," JARVIS informs like he's reminding Tony. "There are elements I can't quantify," he adds as Tony makes his way to the blender to make Barton a smoothie.
"Thor, I got eyes on the prize," he says into the comms.
“Well, the scepter,” Tony asks, making his way through his lab. “You see, we were wondering how Strucker got so inventive. So, I've been analyzing the gem,” he says, going to his computer to get JARVIS’ matrix out to show Bruce his new discovery. “— inside. You may recognize…”
“—Listen, ‘War Machine’ was a little too aggressive, alright? This sends a better message,” Rhodey explains.
But for some reason, Rhodey can't trust even them with Barnes' location. A secret is a secret.
“What about you, Doctor? Do you advice against going through this?” Tony brings back the subject and the doctor just moves one shoulder up.
“They left a while ago; I said goodbye to some of them when I got here,” Álvarez explains, but he’s a little out of breath. “It’s just you and me, and Bernie and your buddy over there,” Álvarez says, pointing out with his chin to the other end of the bar, where Tony and the bartender are looking at them, then deflect their eyes as soon as Rhodey turns.
But Pepper’s face twists a little and she tilts her head. “You have to tell them to be careful, Tony. I’ve been hearing some things in news outlets...”
Anyways, let me know what you think and remember you can find me at @tazadekarma on Twitter and buckybear.co.vu on Tumblr!
The man returns after he wins; he guesses he's gonna finish the job and send him to hell.
Maya turns to Happy, following after Tony. “No, seriously don't.”
He even feels like smirking.
“Ok, fine. But yeah, it is. If cloning technology was being successfully developed, I would’ve known. Trust me,” Tony says, moving an open palm at him.
Maybe Howard had promised cars back then, but Tony’s managed to make far more impressive works. Not that Steve will mention that; he’s learned his lesson. “It’s amazing, Tony,” is all he says.
As much as he’d like to stay and talk all night, all the nights, with Steve, the New York sky threatens him every day.
There's no way he'll give Maya the key to building a biological weapon for a psychopath like Killian.
“A lot, but not enough for this place. They speak Arabic, Urdu, Dari, Pashto, Mongolian, Farsi, Russian,” he explains. Tony just caught a bit of Russian a couple of days ago, but nothing he could make out.
In the corner, the black vehicle makes a turn to his way. He uses his special goggles to catch two heat signals inside, one of them his target.
Rhodey moves one shoulder up. "I wouldn't know, I haven't gone. Steve hasn't talked to you about it?"
"You find a place in Brooklyn yet?" Sam asks, before sipping his drink.
,” he mutters and then looks at them, both confused.
That's odd.
He lands on the roof of the car almost soundlessly and breaks the glass to grab Sitwell to throw him outside, sending him flying right into traffic.
He presses his teeth and tries to focus. James is a name, also a last name. It's English, it's common.
Tony almost wants to roll his eyes. "Oh, really, I didn't know that, at all. That is weird, right? It's not like we even have reasons to be frustrated," Tony says sarcastically, pressing the last phrase at Clint's face.
're taking it slow? The end must be near," he adds, looking up to the sky.
Rhodey throws the files under one of his arms and salutes, despite his wishes. "Yes, sir," he says.
And he's hanging onto the plane with a burning ache on his shoulder.
“Whatever. It was
"I haven't really been the best person to him lately," Steve says, looking at his hands.
"Then help me fix it," she says, showing him a ‘Hello, My Name Is' name tag with a formula in his handwriting on the back.
This man is sparing him.
Pepper smiles at Tony and then takes Tony’s hands off her slowly. “I only didn’t show it to you when you first asked me because we weren’t close enough. Then I’d thought you’d think different of me and then I got to know you and I knew you wouldn’t but—I don’t know, I guess I kept waiting for the perfect moment to tell you and something always happened, either you’d get kidnapped by terrorists or slowly killed by poison or some psycho Russian or—”
"Took you long enough to find me, Captain," Tony says, his tongue peeking all kinds of provocatively as he spoke.
“Must be strange for you, all of this,” the Doctor comments just as a group of cadets pass by them, joggling in formation.
He thinks that’s exactly what Howard would be like in this eccentric and excessive future.
"You like it?" Steve asks, trying to make conversation. The sketch isn't finished but you can see it's Tony's building.
“Rhodey, sit, you gotta try these,” Tony says, a shawarma on his hand.
She smiles at Steve as she walks over the table by the couch to grab her phone. “Hello, penguin,” Peggy greets, with a smile on her face. But as she hears on, the smile erases. “Turn on the T.V.,” she tells Steve, her eyes wide.
“Don’t worry, I’m sure he’s just taking a few days off, working on a tan,” Tony assures him with a hand on his shoulder.
It was fire and burning and soothing glory, all at once. It was raw and slow and sweet and breathtakingly relaxing.
“We're sweeping every wirelessly accessible camera on the planet,” Steve hears Coulson say as he goes near him. “Cell phones, laptops— if it's connected to a satellite, it's eyes and ears for us,” he explains as Steve catches Agent Romanoff kneeling in front of a computer to swipe around information on a man.
"Why would I do that?" he asks instead, shaking his head like Natasha's being ridiculous.
He's special.
Tony’s seconds away from kicking him
Rhodey frowns and looks at the paper carefully. There's a photo of a man sitting in what looked like a coffee shop. The photo was completely irrelevant until you could see a shining metal hand resting on the table as Barnes sipped his coffee.
“No, Ton— you know, it’s a little disturbing your mind would go
“And I mean, I got a little hungry, so I had a quick bite. I didn't know you had pizza plans for us, since you seemed so interested in Aldrich Killian,” Tony says and the suit turns to her, as if to look at her accusingly.
But he doesn’t know Tony keeps Rhodey grounded, at the end of the day. He doesn’t know Tony makes him laugh, drives him up the wall, scares the shit out of him and marvels him — all at the same time. He doesn’t know Tony’s the one constant thing in his life that’s not related to him by blood or some distant fellow military colleague. Tony is his family, his platonic soulmate. Gabriel doesn’t get that.
“That was thirty minutes ago. He’s in Hungary,” Allen whispers. “Listen, what’s a tiny detour on the suit? You’re already on your way out,” he asks.
But Steve raises his eyebrows in reply, like he’s challenging Tony. “I was pretty certain I’d die,” he retorts, a little humorously.
Pierce looks back at him but his eyes convey nothing. “You met him earlier this week on another assignment,” Pierce explains but it’s not that simple.
“Well, we’re gonna miss you, big guy,” Rhodey says with an honest smile. Yeah, sure, the guy’s an absolute sight but he’s also pretty chill to be around.
He starts caressing from Tony’s thighs up to his chest and gives him an encouraging smile before pulling him into a deep and passionate kiss. What Steve didn't expect was that Tony would start moving at that exact moment, pulling a choking noise out of him.
He moves to stand behind his mother, sitting in front of the piano. “Thanks but no thanks. There are about a dozen things I’d rather do than spend my holiday break with my parents in some secluded place,” he says and then, in the same beat, asks, “where are you going, anyways?”
Tony's been staring at the window while everyone else was cleaning up for about an hour and a half now. Part of him wondered if Steve was ever gonna come back from his stroll, the other part of him knew he would.
Rhodey shakes his head and takes his hand out of his pocket. "Let's—" Rhodey trails off as he moves his hand to push on the button on the standee, so it begins the exposition.
“When are you leaving for Philly, by the way?” he asks.
Tony cracks a laugh then. “Ha, right. Where did humility go?” Tony jokes and Steve smiles in reply, but then Tony falls a little serious again. “I appreciate the honesty. What about now?” he asks.
Rhodey lets that sink in. His soulmate is trying to get rid of him, has been trying for a long time now.
Tired and softer, older, but
"I got nothing," Tony mutters because he really doesn't. Just minutes ago he watched her fall to her death, unable to do a damn thing about it, but now she was here again.
"I got you," she says, lifting the faceplate.
Steve raises his eyebrows, remembers, and then nods. “Yeah. SHIELD—they, uhm, gave me one,” he answers.
"Listen, I've made my peace with the fact that you and I are very different people," Tony says, like, that's what this has all been about. "Like, chalk and cheese doesn't even come close— it's like we're entirely different elements. Different states of matter: you're strong, solid. I'm goddamn gas," he says.
Pierce turns to the cabinet and grabs a glass. He just watches him attentively.
The fist uncurls and softens in the cuffs that chain him to the chair. “Good morning, soldier.”
“Hey. You made it!” Steve yells as he spots Sam by the pool table with a few of the men from the veterans club Steve found as soon as he came back to New York.
"I know. It just comes off naturally to you," Steve says, leaning his shoulder towards his.
"There wasn't anyone else in the building," Maria reflects.
“Screw you,” Rhodey curses, but he’s smiling. Tony glances at Rhodey and then back to Álvarez, and he breathes a chuckle. If he didn’t know better, he’d say Rhodey’s drunk ass was smitten.
Agent Romanoff chuckles next to Agent Barton. “If you should be so lucky. He only gets like that with people he’s comfortable around,” she explains, before she goes over to the jeep standing by her and Barton to grab a bag.
“Sounds good,” Steve says, but his eyelashes are long and on display as he’s still looking down at Tony’s lips.
"No," Bucky sentences. Because he's not fully Bucky yet.
“Jim, wait,” Allen catches him on the way to get his armor, just right outside his office. He shoves a piece of paper into his hand and looks around suspiciously.
Steve turns to them with an extended arm. “Right. Different rules for us,” he says.
"What?" Steve asks, worry on his tone.
"Ain't nothing good about 'alright sex'," Tony mutters.
"Well, nothing is for free," Clint yells back.
From over her shoulder, Tony can see Happy by the door, and he wiggles his eyebrows at his former security guard as hello.
Fury makes his way to the sink with a glass on his hand. "Ultron took you folks out of play to buy himself time," he picks up from where he left. "My contacts all say he's building something. The amount of vibranium he made off with, I don't think it's just one thing," he shares.
"Born in 1916, James Buchanan Barnes, known as Bucky by his closest peers, was a member of the 107th infantry of the United States Army during the Second World War. With sharpshooting skills and a nearly perfect score in his training, Barnes graduated third of his class and got commissioned Sargeant just a few days before getting shipped to England, not long after the attack on Pearl Harbor," the voice begins saying.
“Did you know about this?” Bruce asks her.
His mouth open and closes a few times before Tony decides to speak again. “Listen, it’s okay if you don’t like it, it’s not finished yet. I still haven’t packed the whole gym yet—”
“That’s
It’s coffee for now and then he can hit the market. He sits and drinks the warm beverage; lets it roll down his throat with the accustomed ease and breathes in the clear air coming from the window.
He shoots some HYDRA agents and mentally shakes his head. "Wait a second. No one else is gonna deal with the fact that Cap just said "Language"? Tony says, almost undignified.
But Steve knows he's been miles away even when he was within arms reach and now he fears Tony can't feel him. He fears he's letting him slip away.
Steve feels the tears bubble up, stuff his heart, but they never come out of his eyes. They haven't been coming out lately. Couple of months ago, he'd spent the whole day crying but now his body seems to have gotten so used to his bottled up sadness that it isn't shaken no more.
“That’s
Natasha walks over to Steve and goes quietly: "What are we doing about her?" she asks, pointing with her chin towards Wanda, sitting in the quinjet just outside.
At least he was old enough to drink now.
“Oh, you are. Absolutely. Uh...we've made some modifications to the uniform. I had a little design input,” Coulson shares.
But the way they looked at each other just made Tony feel like he needed to be somewhere else immediately.
“You’re not my champions—”
Steve looks at his reflection on Tony’s sunglasses and bites his lip; his heart on his throat. “I wanted to apologize – for my words back at the carrier. I was rude and out of line and—”
Next thing, he's having Pepper rightfully scream at him and Rhodey calling him on the phone from a foreign number to also do more yelling.
Tony bites his lower lip for a while, gathering his thoughts. “How did it feel?”
Happy has barely time to register what’s happening before he’s flying across the air and landing with a thud that will make his back hurt for months. But at least he lies glad knowing that he’d been right about these dudes' sketchy attitudes this whole time.
Rhodey gives him a look; he’s not amused. "Open the glove compartment. There's a gun there," he instructs.
“Colonel Nick Fury, director of S.H.I.E.L.D., you would have known us as the Strategic Scientific Reserve,” he introduces himself.
She frowns at him but there's a smile on her face, still. "Who's Tony?" she asks and there's another flash, lighting over the room.
"He's easy to track. He's everywhere," Fury replies. "The guy is multiplying faster than a Catholic rabbit."
Rhodey lets out a deep breath and rolls the sleeve back down. Whatever. Who needs a soulmate anyways?
Steve only remembers Morita and his Korean mark; that was the first time he came to realize marks could be written in entirely different languages, too.
Ross lets out a chuckle and stands straight from the table he had been resting on since Yu started explaining. "That's funny, Colonel," he speaks. "I do see this as an exaggeration but that's the thing with these people, isn't it? Everything is just over the top," he says, his eyes turning dark.
"Are you even pulling?" Rhodey says a beat after they start pulling together.
“I hardly see how pulling a witch hunt on Iron Man will help his public image,” Rhodey comments.
Rhodey can’t but agree.
“What did you wanna see me for?” Cap wonders, his eyes cast down.
“My favorite colors are red and black,” Tony answers, his grin just a bit wider.
Tony reflects on that. It’s the first time Bruce is on US soil without being prosecuted by the military. His first time being back after years, Tony guesses.
Thor throws his hammer at the suit and destroys it; Tony just wishes he could do the same thing to the thoughts in his head.
"He's too old and Ross has a new 'vision' for our task force," Rhodey says with a fake cheer.
Tony sort of smiles in a downwards curve. “Oh, please, I know that. Hey, I’d be his campaign manager if he decides to run for office, no joke. All our problems would be solved with Rhodey in charge,” Tony says, leaning on the table.
Tony's blood is just running cold. This doesn't make any sense.
Tony smiles softly at his mug, remembering Maria Stark and her blonde curls and dimples. “She was sweet but cunning. She could cut you with a smile. Kind, had a great sense of humor. Smart.”
“You’d be a sweetheart— I’m sorry, is it Day-ana?” he asks, awkwardly.
Everything is just too much.
“Sure. Lead the way, Cap,” he says and it’s music to Steve’s ears.
“Nah, see, I don't get a suit of armor. I'm exposed, like a nerve,” Bruce explains, his voice going somber. “It's a nightmare.”
“Mechanical Engineering,” Rhodey shares, too. It's always soothing to find a fellow nerd. Rhodey walks over to the remaining twin bed and puts his bag on it.
They don’t talk, but Tony makes sure to leave her a late-Christmas present on his little nametag sticker. Maybe a little something to help with her much visionary project.
But he forgets Tony
There it was. The next mission.
“God bless the serum,” Steve says and Tony chuckles. Steve’s not sure if it’s their little biological link, but being the one to make Tony smile makes him feel right in all ways possible. “Jokes aside, what you did was the bravest thing I’ve ever witnessed. And I’m sure Peggy knows that,” he adds, trying to sound reassuring.
Handsome, rich Tony. Dancing in his heart.
Steve just shakes his head and shifts in his spot to lean closer to Tony. "Tony—  don't take this badly but I really couldn't care less about your dad," he says, honest to God, with a hand on Tony's knee. "Not if he didn't treat you the way he was supposed to. The Howard I knew was a good man, yes, but if he turned into less than that later on in his life then," Steve shrugs. "He did. I care about you more than I ever cared about him," he finishes.
Clint nearly rolls his eyes. "Please, Stark, by all means," he says, opening his hand at Tony.
Tony gives him a serious face. "Rhodeybear, deflection's not a cute look on you..."
"Okay. Never one to shrink from an honest challenge," Tony tells Clint, passing by him. He puts the tiny strap of the hammer on and grabs the handle. "It's physics," he says.
Tony gives him a quick look before lowering his eyes down and smiling widely, softly. Steve rubs his knee with his thumb in reply. "He wasn't entirely awful, though. He did save my life once, even after death," Tony says and Steve raises his eyebrows at that.
His heart. That's it.
Tony returns the smile. “Square deal,” he agrees. “Fly safe,” he says, smiling at her.
"For christ's sake, he is a monster," Yu says, loudly, as he points at the pictures of the Winter Soldier on the highway. "He is a traitor to this nation. He's gonna get court-martialed if he's lucky."
“Why?”
“Oh, really,
“That's still not gonna find them in time,” Agent Romanoff says.
Tony sighs and drags his body up to sit again. "Please don't make me say it. That's gonna open a whole can of worms and I don't think you and I have the energy to collect right now. Like, trust me. It's better I'm the only one who knows this. I'll spare you the burden," he says, fast.
Clint looks down for a second and then grabs Laura's hand. "She's my sister. Sister. Period," he says, but it's more to her than him. "And, Fury helped me keep all this off S.H.I.E.L.D.'s files. I'd like to keep it that way," he adds, turning back to them. "I figure it's a good place to lay low."
"Gluten-free waffles, sir," JARVIS replies.
Tony breathes into his hand, still covering his face. “I broke the crayon,” he says.
Maya interrupts Pepper shouting at Tony about how, as a matter of fact, she didn't like the bunny at all — "Do we need to worry about that?" Maya asks, pointing at the TV broadcasting Tony's Malibu house.
The next morning, Steve wakes up early to do his daily run by Lincoln Memorial and as soon as he takes a few laps, he sees him. The other casual runner that comes by often, always taking way too long to run one lap.
It's a good thing that Thor is nice to stare at, Rhodey will give him that.
“Under whose supervision?” Steve wonders with a frown.
Rhodey moves his chin to one side. "That's the thing— I know how crazy this sounds but," he says then moves one shoulder up. "I don't think there's anything to be afraid of," Rhodey finishes, completely realizing his state of mind in this.
“What the heck is this now?” really, Rhodey was so
Steve holds his gaze and nods. “I didn’t really have a purpose, back then. I spent so much time being angry at everything life threw at me and I kept bottling up that anger, channeling it in unhealthy ways and…” Steve takes a deep breath. “When the war broke out, I directed it all towards — Hitler, Nazis – the bad guys. I finally felt like I had a thing to do, a purpose. A reason to be alive.”
"Are you kidding me? No, no. You must eat, I'll leave now—" he begins to say and move towards the door but Tony chuckles and stops him.
Dying at the hands of a man dressed up in a countries' flag colors is not how he imagined his end, but there's a twisted irony to this. He would even laugh, if it didn't hurt his chest with the huge piece of metal that collapsed on him crushing him.
Tony turns back to Maya with a smile and then takes a step closer. "Please don't tell me that there is a twelve-year-old kid waiting in the car that I've never met," he jokes.
“Yeah. Yeah. I just...I had a date,” he replies.
Rhodey just gives him a look. "You already signed the papers to give him everything you own once you die, didn't you?" he asks, playfully.
"It wasn't my idea," Maya says and Tony shakes his head.
They order two cheeseburgers for Tony and Steve only has a glass of coke because he ate just a few hours ago. Tony devours his food like the starved man he probably is and Steve takes the sheet of paper and the pencil he got from his room in the Tower out of his jacket pocket.
him anymore? You used the word hate,” he asks and Tony rolls his eyes at him.
Tony shrugs helplessly. “It was alright.”
"I had to make sure no one was around in case I got spotted in the elevator," Tony explains, dropping his items on Steve's nightstand.
“No, it’s not, quite frankly—” Rhodey replies.
“As usual,” Tony finishes with a well-acted smile, Howard sighs a chuckle. Tony lets his smile falter and Howards puts the cigar down.
“I don’t know, man,” he answers. “My best guess is that they were just turning 18 and,” he gives a vague shrug. “—something bad happened. That would explain why I got it so late and then why it didn’t last,” he says and Tony gives one last look at his wrist.
really, especially not now. But Tony doesn’t need to know that.
Natasha smiles at him like the killer she is. "You remember I saw you in the period of time you thought you were dying, right?" she asks, arching one threatening eyebrow.
NO WARNINGS FOR THIS ONE.
"Is that your— uhm, girlfr—"
"Steve's dead best friend," Tony mutters, suddenly knowing.
Tony looks at the floor as if it’s one of the great wonders of the world. “Thanks, Happy. Tell Pepper I’ll call her to get it done,” he says and it’s maybe a code for the man to leave the room, Steve isn’t sure.
“Ready to comply,” he says in a voice that used to be his.
“So, thanks for saving my life,” Tony adds, giving Steve a smile.
Tony lets out a breathy laugh as he flashes Steve that beautiful, kind-hearted smile. "Steve, it's all yours. You can do whatever you want with anything here," Tony answers, his brown eyes deep with a softness Steve hadn't seen before.
“Nothing,” Rhodey replies, flipping a page of his paper. Damn Phillies lost again.
Cap doesn't have to sleep nearly naked in the freezing cold or otherwise he doesn't find rest. Cap doesn't cry at least twice a week for his dead friends and his past life.
So he keeps shooting at them, until he sends one of them flying away from the highway right into a bus.
"Clint said you wouldn't mind, but our tractor doesn't seem to want to start at all," Laura continues and Tony turns to her with a smile. "I thought maybe you might—"
His face, softer and clean, is staring back at him with blank, grey eyes. He reads through the paragraphs of the memorial and swallows. There's a time of death, there's a brief summary. There's honor in these words.
“Waiting on the big guy?” she asks, her interest peeked.
"You really are Howard's son," Steve says, chuckling.
"So, you know where he is?" Rhodey asks Tony before taking a bite of one of his Churros.
Rhodey just sighs. "No, Tony. Unlike you, I have bigger things to do than staring at Cap's ass," he says.
This is what happens when you haven’t got a good night sleep in the past five days: your mind
And also, he has reasons to avoid sleeping in the same bed as Steve.
After all, they’re trying to be friends.
Steve smiles, pleased. “You want more coffee?” Steve asks, putting his hands on his own knees before standing up.
Allen lets out a laugh. "I knew you'd find a way to make it about you," he says and Rhodey shrugs, smugly.
Tony strides right to the center of the room, on a slightly higher level than the rest of the floor and behind him, Steve sees it, at least the early stage of it.
When they sit at Steve's usual table, Steve's regular waitress —Meghan— comes over and smiles at them politely, her eyes getting brighter once she notices who's with Steve.
“What do you mean? All this, came from you,” Tony says, pointing at her.
She eyes him for a second before she comes to the conclusion: "Of course he wouldn't tell you," she deadpans.
Fury takes a deep breath. “Because of him,” he lets out, pointing at Thor.
Tony smiles a fake smile and a second later, he’s back to being worried and confused. “No, Rhodey, you don’t get it. I—don’t, I don’t don’t like him anymore,” he explains. Rhodey’s mouth opens just slightly and his eyes grow wide.
It was just a brush, a whiff of air, but it was sending electrical waves all through Steve’s body. It was almost painful to endure.
They’re not brainless pieces of a puzzle that will be moved at somebody else’s will and get killed for a meaningless cause or some evil spoiled alien. Not all of them at least.
There on a small, six-chairs table, Tony sits next to some remarkable people  who were quite possibly equally a threat, at least that’s how much he’d gathered from Tony’s little Avengers Initiative rant.
“You talk like I didn’t come out successful the last time,” Tony grumbles and the Colonel’s mouth falls open.
“YES,” Tony yells.
He's running fast through the buildings with the other man at his feet when he hears a window break, right at his back. The sound of metal at top speed rings in his ears with a distinctive noise and he turns just in time.
He was dressed up exactly like the last time they saw each other, in that colorful costume that he vaguely remembered now.
Weird thing, this is.
And Steve wishes he could reply with one of his own but he feels sick on his stomach just to think of how close they got.
“And you need to focus on the problem, Mr. Stark,” the Captain replies, not catching on the queue that Tony’s focusedly trying to avoid speaking to him. Only interested in solving this problem and find out what SHIELD is really up to.
"Tony, Tony— this is how normal people behave," Pepper tells him.
He stuffs his hands in the pockets of his jacket, pulling down, and breathes in the air of fresh fruit and flowers. He likes Vidin, so much he knows it’s soon gonna be time to leave.
“That was two days ago,” Jarvis mutters, looking at neither of them.
“What?”
"What's this?" Tony asks. Thor slams the tab against his chest.
Steve's smile had erased but Natasha was smirking. "You mean you?" she asked then.
He's not taken a proper breath before hands are all over him, manhandling him. The facility looks different, it always does. Sometimes it’s cold, some other times it’s colder. He’s stopped wondering by the third decade, and for all he knows this might already be the fourth one.
“We’re not sure yet,” Rhodes admits. “But I will handle it,” he adds, taking a quick look at Steve.
"That was dramatic," Ultron says. "I'm sorry, I know you mean well. You just didn't think it through. You want to protect the world but you don't want it to change," he says. "How is humanity saved if it's not allowed to... evolve? With these? These puppets. There's only one path to peace— The Avengers' extinction."
Something in his gut is screaming for help but he can't bother himself with it too much.
"You mean before you took it," Tony tries to joke but Rhodey just raises his head to give him a straight look.
Steve can sense all the doubt in the room. It makes him uneasy.
“Best chicken in town,” Tony complies. They clasp their hands together and then hug. “You’re not gonna be a stranger now, are you?” he asks, there’s a hint of fear in the back of his throat.
"Hey, Banner, Dr. Cho is on her way in from Seoul. Is it okay if she sets up in your lab?" Tony asks from the pilot seat.
“Exactly, I’m being a good friend,” Tony points.
“Didn't really go his way, did it?” Steve asks, as he sees the man flip a tank over his head.
“I believe I speak for the entire world when I say — thank you,” he tells all of them, Steve raises his chin but takes the words, trusting that even with all his secretive ways, Nick means well. “We’ll be in touch,” he adds, just before a helicopter arrives and takes him away, up in the skies, disappearing.
Tony just cracks a big, breathy laugh.
Steve smiles and looks down. “I’m fine. I – I know how to get there,” he says, before he has time to reconsider how that sounds.
“Peace in our time. Imagine that,” Tony says, looking over his shoulder to where Bruce is staying still.
"Hello?" Steve hears her.
He was going to make his sacrifice worth it.
," Steve calls for him, to make him lose his hold of Tony. "The Legionnaire," he asks.
“Come with me. Master Tony is this way,” he says and gets Rhodey past the ‘Do not cross’ sign.
“You—you talk first,” Tony says, his palm open.
Tony throws his head back to the pillow with a laugh, then he looks back at Steve and runs a hand through his hair. "Improvisation looks cute on you. Besides, it's nothing that can't be solved," he says before giving Steve a kiss and getting out. "Wait here," he says and slides back on his underarmor clothes.
Rhodey blinks at him. "Thank you, sir."
He takes a deep breath in the quietness of a phone booth in Rose Hill, Tennessee. "Hey, guys, it's me," Tony speaks, in the hopes that anybody with enough access can get the message. "I've got a lot of apologies to make and not a lot of time. So first off, Pep," he addresses her with a sigh. "I'm so sorry I put you in harm's way. That was selfish and stupid and it won't happen again. Also, it's Christmas time, the rabbit's too big. Done. Sorry. Rhodey," he takes another breath. "I don't know where you are right now but I know you're pissed at me for doing exactly what you told me not to. I deserve your anger. I will gladly flagellate myself for you once I make it out of here," he says, trying to joke but his voice falls quiet, flat. "Please, tell Steve I'm fine – although I just stole a poncho from a wooden Indian. And also, I'm sorry in advance because...I can't come home yet. I need to find this guy. And you guys gotta stay safe. That's all I know— yeah," he finishes, swallowing.
"What— what for? Why now?" Tony asks, frowning. Then there's a bag falling from upstairs and they both look up.
Or is it just a cold reward?
"So, are we gonna poke the big elephant in the room?" Steve asks, his eyes diverting from Tony.
“Still lame—”
There are dark thoughts he’s buried deep in his memories, feelings he’s suppressed with tight-strong determination.
Rhodey nods licking his lips and gathers the papers all speckled across his desk.
Which is why, a few months later, he doesn’t regret it when he says it.
"So, the Winter Soldier is... HYDRA?" Rhodey summarizes, because it's the only question left in him. The last thing he heard was that he was a covert KGB agent-slash-experiment.
Rhodey blinks and wets his dry lips. "Yeah, sir. This is— it's just a lot to take in," he mutters, still looking at Barnes' seemingly soft eyes on the photo.
"Ultron's got an enemy," Fury retorts. "That's not the same thing. Still, I'd pay folding money to know who it is," he adds.
"No, no. Don't touch me!" Pepper screams. "I'm gonna burn you," she adds, her breath catching up as she gets more nervous.
“Yeah,” Tony, against all odds, agrees. He stumbles his way back and out of the room and pointedly forces himself to ignore Rogers’ hands on him, helping him walk out.
Rhodey lets out a breath and rolls his eyes, half-amused. "No, you don't," he says and taps Tony on his forearm.
“How long?”
“True story about fortune cookies,” he begins speaking in a voiceover as footage of him going around in places starts showing.
If he does, he won't keep moving and just crash. Break down like a cards castle.
“It’s Natasha,” she corrects. “Natalie was just a pseudonym for my mission on Tony,” she adds.
It’s one thing to never have had a soulmate, but then to make one of your own just for them to be taken away? Someone was definitely having a sick ride twisting his life around.
Steve’s not sure he’s even looking at Tony, by this point. He’s just sad and bracing himself for complete loneliness, again.
Steve moves his chin to the side, at a loss of words. Then he shrugs and rubs his nose. "Well— you know, I didn't want you to go thinking something—"
Tony took care of everything as carefully as he takes care of the plans, of his blueprints and his projects. He took care of Steve like he takes care of his armor, like he takes care of the world.
Steve stands straight and turns to him, his brow furrowed. "Is that an apology?" he asks, sarcastically.
“Captain David Álvarez, my old roommate at my first flight training camp,” Rhodey says. “Dave, this is—”
Tony gets air caught up in his throat. "I— how— uh," Tony asks, without asking, and Steve tilts his head.
It feels like all the air is being sucked out of him through Tony's sucking off.
Tony takes a while to take that in before he asks: “Where specifically?”
Rhodey shakes his head. "Not just him. The Avengers are," he sentences, looking down.
It is a bright day outside. It's probably not gonna be a bad one, this one.
HI, I'M BACK. Sorry, it took me forever, I just had to do a whole introspection of how I wanted this very special, particular moment to go. Listen: this very chapter is one of the first few scenes I pictured before I sat down to write this fic altogether, so, yeah. I had to rewrite it a lot, until I was satisfied with what I had.
Tony licks his lips. "You see, that's the thing. I was talking to Maya about it —and you know she's an expert in DNA— and the theory was, basically, that since Extremis re-codes your DNA to become super-human, then that's why it affects your mark," Tony says but Rhodey just frowns. "Soulmate marks are an only-human condition," Tony reminds him, with raised eyebrows.
Tony shakes his head. "I can't protect you out there!"
,” Tony says at last. Pepper loses her wide smile to a tiny grin.
Tony chuckles a reply. “Anyways, you’ve been good? So much for keeping your promise of not ditching me after school…”
with the slightest double-entendre.
“Quality save,” Rhodey says. “So, no Pepper? She's not coming?” he asks Tony.
It’s just a happy, satisfied Tony. One at peace with the fact that they stopped one of his creations from taking over the world.
However, it didn't ring right. It wasn't as simple.
Bruce looks at him and smiles. “I do. Her name’s Betty,” he says, looking down.
"I don't know what that means—"
And Tony finally understands what they meant when they said you’d harmonize with your soulmate like a second, shinier skin.
Tony stares at him with something in his eyes Steve can’t quite place and he blinks before Steve can carve that look in his brain.
It's been almost two months since he gathered the strength to kiss Tony first. Almost two months of them slowly coming to terms with their whole 'bound by the universe to be together' thing.
"Yeah. For Cap. Everyone at the Pentagon was talking about it the first week. That was a few months ago, I'd just come back for a report," Rhodey explains.
"Allen, get back in the car," Rhodey mutters, turning to his colleague.
"Maybe but I haven't seen people so invested in someone else's sex lives," Tony says.
And he doesn’t deserve that.
“—but they told me that if I presented you with an award, you'd be deeply honored,” he says, stepping a little in between the woman and Tony.
Tony gives him a look and Rhodey continues: “The public only knows about three. But, here's the thing: nobody can ID a device. There's no bomb casings,” he explains.
Allen’s mouth falls open. “Wha—why?”
"Few hours from where?" Tony wonders.
'I'm with you 'til the end of the line,' hasn't stopped ringing in his ears since he saved him.
“Doctor Erskine helped me in more ways than I could ever thank him for,” Steve concludes, a broken smile on his face.
"I didn't— know—" Maya struggles to get out as she cuts his zippers with a scissor. "That he was going to hurt her," she adds and Tony stands on the ground, free.
"So, what've you been up to?" Steve asks, trying to seem casual once more.
He breaks into a room through the window and they start showering him in bullets. "Guys, stop. We gotta talk this through," he says.
He looks down to hide his smile and his eyes fall on his wrist. He twists his head at the thought.
“Hello, Happy,” Tony says, turning, before he looks back to Steve. “This is my chauffeur, Happy Hogan—”
"You like it?" Steve asks, trying to make conversation. The sketch isn't finished but you can see it's Tony's building.
“You really got nothing?” Williams asks on his left.
“You smug little shit,” Rhodey says as soon as he sees the little purple mark on Álvarez collarbone when he steps out of the shower with only his sleeping white t-shirt.
Steve opens his eyes, which he didn't realize he had closed, and stares up at the gorgeous man on top of him, biting his lower lip.
“On your left,” Steve mutters to Sam sitting next to him in the hospital room. It’s the first thing he allows himself to think.
“Neither am I,” Rogers says, shaking his head. “He's got the same blood on his hands that Loki does, but right now we gotta put that behind us and get this done,” he says.
“Dr. Banner,” Steve calls him, as the doctor turns from one of the planes.
Maya sucks in a breath at the blow as she falls to the ground and Tony gasps in surprise.
"I got you first," Tony retorts. "Like I said, we have to leave," he adds, heaving himself up.
“Nobody wants the lame drummer of Aerosmith, Rhodey,” Tony defends.
The files on his untouched desk get heavier every day and he considers calling Peggy almost every five hours, still cowering from doing it in the end.
"I believe they call it UST, right?" Steve mutters, like he's holding back his own embarrassment.
"So you're finally admitting you gave me the suit?" Rhodey says, smirking and Tony shoves him playfully.
“It’s the tenth residential floor, Captain,” JARVIS informs, Steve would dare to say even amused.
Behind the rear sight of his rifle, he spots the engineer, shielding behind a redhead woman. One shot through her into his throat, right into his carotid, and then he watches the engineer choke on his blood for a few minutes.
"I'm telling you it isn't!" Tony interrupts her, his words harsh. "I'm on the street. People are going bang, they're painting the walls. Maya," he adds, with a pleading note. "You're kidding yourself."
Then they chuckle at the same time.
Rhodey frowns. "Why? Why does that make sense?"
He moves past the mannequins and straight into a memorial. 'A Fallen Comrade,' it says and his heart stops at the image.
Rhodey's eyebrows go up comically. "You're kidding me," Rhodey says, his mouth a little open.
"Is this the thing you have in your chest but—um, you know, bigger?" Harley asks, opening his hands at ‘bigger'.
"Need a medic?" Steve asks, playfully.
Tony just turns back with a face. "I don't mean it like
Well, he was all pretty freaking alone now.
Rhodey makes a face. "Well, your boyfriend
“Shut up,” Rhodey chuckles. “Got back from where? What’ve you been up to?” Rhodey asks as Álvarez moves to grab his glass of scotch.
Rhodey blinks and then runs a hand through his face. “I was—I got caught up in traffic, but I’m on my way. Should be getting there in ten,” he says.
Except that he now looks far wiser than he was when Rhodey met him, somehow more serene, but still slightly shaken.
Tony only rolls his eyes. “I'll tell Jarvis to notify you after we land. See you later, Hap,” he says.
“Computer Science,” he says.
Tony shakes his head. "I'm not sure he even knows," Tony trails, then he turns to Rhodey swiftly. "Hey, why don't we go, check it out?" Tony offers.
He blames it on the lack of sleep.
“Shit, sorry,” Tony pants, his eyes barely open.
"But I'm ready. I'm on mission," Ultron speaks.
"Hi. Got company. Sorry, didn't call ahead," Clint apologizes and the woman smiles and gives him a tight hug.
Then is Steve the one who understands: Tony wasn't looking at his drawing but at his wrist.
"Fury's transferring me to Washington."
"Much less old— flames," Pepper trails off.
“I thought it went well,” Rhodey considers, far too chipper considering he almost died about two hundred times in there.
“It's very good, then. It's impressive,” Thor says, smiling politely as he raises his glass to drink.
Maybe she just wants to hear him say it.
Steve nods. Yeah, definitely a shower should do.
Hope you guys like it and remember: we're in it for the long run with this one. Please, enjoy the ride.
So he set up the Stark Relief Foundation. With Pepper’s help, even.
"You ready to shoot darts at my head when this is done?" Tony says, stuffing his hands into his pockets, trying for casual.
Daring him to what? Steve's not entirely sure.
asked— he's not actually my boyfriend. Yet, anyway," Tony adds.
Rhodey nods with a hand on his chin. “When's the last time you got a good night's sleep?” he asks instead, because he knows how Tony looks when he’s reaching dangerous levels of ‘workaholic’.
Rhodey draws his head back, frowning. "What—
HOPE YOU KEEP ENJOYING THIS RIDE
“David?” Rhodey calls, yawning. He hears what sounds like someone hitting their toes on the corner of the bed.
“You just might,” Tony replies.
“’He’, huh?” he asks.
"I didn't say that," Rhodey replies. Allen stares at him like he's completely lost. "I said I don't think he's a threat, but that doesn't mean we don't have to look into him," he adds.
"You, too," she says before she cuts the line.
“Blossom, it’s cute you think I listened to or even remembered anything remotely relevant in that place,” Tony says.
Steve frowns, unconvinced, but his stomach feels funny just at the thought of going out and seeing Tony. He’d spent the entire week reading stuff on the laptop to try to gather as much information as he could, stopping just when he started getting overwhelmed by everything.
"She's— Nathaniel," Laura says, making a face.
Maya looks at him for a brief second to agree. "Yeah, no. Not really. It— it was just one night," she says, doing a little shrug.
“It’s good to see you, Tony,” Steve says, before he says something else.
“So I kissed a guy last night,” he says, almost like he's yawning. Like it's not a bad thing, because it isn’t a bad thing.
"Speech, speech, speech," they all start chanting. Thor even goes on to tap on the table.
"Heimdall is either away from his post or he's been ordered not to answer," Thor explains. "But Ultron can't hide forever. We'll find him," he adds.
And when the “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy became legal under President Clinton’s run the following year, Rhodey thought of his former roommate. Feeling like they were taking one single step forward after leaping ten backwards.
Tony listens to him and puts the tray of drinks on the table, then waits for Steve to keep going.
Tony looks up again and glances at the roof, mildly annoyed. "You know that's not true. I've provided you with everything— your weapons, your uniforms. A roof over your heads—"
Far in the back, there’s a four-people round table with a bucket of lilies, with the quietness of New York’s blue sky and the ever-present skyscraper landscape. It makes Tony’s throat close a little just looking too much at it.
"It's going around," Clint mutters.
“I'm going to take the jet to D.C. tonight,” Pepper whispers, starring at the dude with the Hammer. “You have homework. You have a lot of homework,” she adds.
God, maybe he does have a crush.
"What about Barnes?" Allen asks.
Bruce gets up. "I don't follow. What comes out of Wakanda?"
“I don't like it,” the Captain says, his voice a little low, like he’s talking only to him. It makes Tony’s stomach flip a little.
Rhodey takes a breath before going: "Well, he is—"
“What's this?” Rhodey asks.
“We’re dead in the air up here. Our communications, the location of the Cube, Banner, Thor…” Fury trails, he sounds just as defeated as Tony feels. “I got nothing for you. I lost my one good eye,” he mutters. “Maybe I had that coming,” he adds.
"All right. Strictly recon," Tony says. "I'll hit the Nexus. I'll join you as soon as I can," he adds as they make their way out.
mustache stood with his legs open, like he was ready to fight.
Rhodes puts the phone back inside his pocket and sighs. “Intelligence claims he’s a member of our little fun group there,” the Colonel says sarcastically, as he tips his chin up towards the footage, where the logo of the terrorist group is shown. “High level,” he adds.
"Yeah," Thor replies and Clint stands up even before he does.
Tony's torso, his entire body, in fact, is barely grazing his. And Steve's desperately starting to want some friction, so he puts his hands on Tony's back and he presses, pushing him into his chest.
Tony smirks. “Something like that.”
Fury's looking like he either wants to die or kill someone. What an enigmatic man.
“To tear us apart,” Rogers says.
He had a point there; a point Rhodey tried his best to ignore all his years studying. He wasn’t the only black guy in his wing but he was the only one of his MIT class. “I’m not sure, man. I did my job at UPT, tried my best on all my tasks. I like to think I’m here ‘cause of those achievements but I wouldn’t put it past them to do something like that,” he says, sitting and facing his new roommate. Rhodey puts his hands together on his lap and presses his lips on a thin line.
When he opens his eyes again, Tony's lying next to him, a big proud smile on his face.
Steve had agreed.
“Three out of five people who go into the triangle die,” Tony says, defensively. Maria is now giving him a dirty look. Joke backfired.
“Scan the wreckage. From what I saw they modified that tank a bit from the original Hammer design,” his superior orders.
"And for gosh sake, watch your language!" Tony says, dramatically.
"Both," Tony deadpans.
Tony can sense everyone around him rounding up for a fight but he's still gathering himself.
"There is when you've been deployed for nine months and the closer you get to action is being smooched by you," Rhodey counters.
“I get it—”
"I'll be right back," Tony says and then goes and gets a gauntlet of the armor.
“He's called Loki. He's— not from around here. There's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in. The world has gotten even stranger than you already know,” Nick says, almost tiredly, like he’s already lost a battle.
Allen gets in the passenger seat, shaking his head. “You really think he’s just gonna come back, hand himself over?”
Tony swallows and adjusts on his seat. "Yeah. Uhm, is there anyway you can put rum in this coke and turn it into a Cuba Libre?" he asks, pointing at his own glass.
Peggy blinks and takes his hand in hers. “Tony has one of the biggest hearts I’ve ever seen in a man. Just like you,” she says, squeezing his hands.
‘Polls demanding regulations for superheroes' can be read on the WHiH World News report of this past week and Rhodey fears that it’s just the tip of the iceberg.
“No, Pep, I— I
There was something off about this.
"You think he has an agenda for super people?"
Clint adjusts on his seat. "That's 'cause you're frustrated," he says and bites his carrot.
“I would start with that stick of his. It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon,” the Captain shares.
“That’s not true. Remember he was really excited when you built that robot at the workshop in the New York facility,” Jarvis chips in.
Steve chuckles and goes over his bookshelf, grabs the notepad and strikes 'Star Wars' off the list.
Yu shifts on his spot and turns his laptop screen for Rhodey to see. "Well, the ghost story just got pretty real," he says.
"Yeah, right," Tony says, waving him off with a hand. Harley smiles innocently but Tony replies with a smile of his own.
Tony grins. “That’s funny,” he mutters, looking down.
But Steve puts his arm on the door and gets inside. “No, no—I, I don’t mind the way you look,” he says. Tony’s gotta give it to him, for all the compliments he’s ever gotten, this one does the most to his gut.
They dance to Peggy’s humming a lullaby and Steve lets himself cry on the side of her head as he sways her around in the room, hears Peggy sniff her tears on his shoulder, too.
“Yeah?”
Few things to note:
Almost like he’s whimpering.
Tony opens his mouth slowly, a smile curving devilish, and his tongue peeks out pointy and wet; he rolls it through Steve’s starving lips and Steve feels like he’s being knocked the fuck over.
“Captain,” Nick calls him and Steve turns to him. “You're up,” he instructs.
“I think you mean sunburn,” Rhodey corrects.
They return to the cave and Tony does what he’s been doing since he got there whenever they’ve left him alone; sit and stare at the fire, thinking how can the story of him end this way.
Rhodey gives him a look and takes it in for a second. But then he shakes his head and shrugs. "Well, maybe he
“I—noticed your mark. Are you guys going through something?” he asks, with honest curiosity. Tony feels his throat go dry and he zips his mouth shut, almost glares at Bruce. “Hey, you wanna bring up my vicious, angry alter-ego, I get to throw you a few hard balls. Besides, I just wanna know for the sake of this little ‘team’ arrangement,” he adds, still pressing.
Tony turns with a hand on his chest. "You're saying you don't like my smooches, Rhodes? Whatever, more for Steve," Tony says, being as corny as he can, giving Rhodey a kiss on the cheek.
Stunned, with his chest aching, Tony stands until he hears a squeal – a deafening sound that makes him put his hands to his uncovered ears.
Now he remembered.
"You shaped a century. And I need you to do it one more time," Pierce continues. "Society’s at a tipping point between order and chaos. And tomorrow morning, we’re gonna give it a push", he adds.
He gives his mother a call on a payphone and a split second after Rhodey says the words ‘Momma, I can’t go home for the holidays just yet,’ his mother replies with a warm ‘I understand’, and Rhodey takes the soonest ride to Manhattan.
But Tony doesn’t make a quip, instead he continues: “You experience things and then they're over and you still can't explain 'em,” he says, his eye squinting a little. “Gods, aliens, other dimensions. I— I'm just a man in a can,” he adds, shrugging. “The only reason I haven't cracked up is probably because we moved back here and, like, you’ve been with me this whole time. Which is great. I love you, I'm lucky you’re here. But, Pep, I can't sleep,” he finishes, his voice almost cracking.
"Nexus?" Steve asks.
“Famous technology company that specializes in internet related things, including a search engine,” Steve cuts and Tony’s mouth closes comically. “You’re not the only one with a lot of free time,” he deadpans, a little smugly. “And it’s great, Tony, seriously, you didn’t have to,” he says.
A few things before heading into this one:
Álvarez raises one eyebrow at him, but Rhodey waves his hand off. “Ignore him; he’s territorial. Tony, this is—”
Something in Steve’s inside bends and twists, distracting him enough to not remember to stop himself when he reaches for Tony’s face, hands on both of Tony’s cheeks, and asks softly: “Tony, are you okay?”
"Maximoffs," Steve concludes. "That makes sense he'd go to them. They have someone in common," he says.
Tony closes his eyes shut, unable to see the pain in Pepper's eyes.
Natasha moves her chin to the side. "He's dealing with some personal stuff, a little out of reach. He's gonna be pissed he missed all the fun, but he'll get over it," she says.
“They found Captain America? Alive?” Pepper inquires.
“Right, because otherwise, nobody would know who I am,” Tony replies sarcastically, and Pepper’s chuckle echoes in the hallway.
“Did it to spite me?” Álvarez asks, that big ass smile of his coming up again. Rhodey sips his mouth shut, still embarrassed. “Listen— don’t, okay? I have no place to say that sort of shit, I’ve just—been caught up in myself lately, and that makes me an asshole, most of the times. You clearly have questions yourself, and I have no right to push yo—”
He steals a couple of kisses more from Tony before they both decide it's time to wrap it up.
“I believe I will find answers in a couple of minutes,” JARVIS tells them.
Steve sits over the bed and pulls Tony closer. "Does it hurt?" he asks him.
he says. And for a second, it makes sense. The shiny arm makes it clear that he's not a regular person, no.
“And you'll get your Cube back, no muss, no fuss— what is Phase 2?” Tony asks, once his screen shows him the secured files.
“Ma’am?” he asks, confused.
Steve rises to rest his chin on Tony's chest and goes, low and a little embarrassed: "I don't have lube here."
I’ve had is shawarma,” he says, shaking a hand at his offer. “And actually, as much as I’d like to stay, I gotta go report myself at the Pentagon—”
“At this point, I doubt anything would surprise me,” Steve comments, standing back up from the bench.
“Yinsen, nice to meet you,” Tony mutters.
"Goodnight, Tony," Steve says, for their own benefit.
He saves him. Like he’s coded to do so. Like his mission was to keep him alive instead of taking his life.
“Absolutely terrible?”
It’s the closest contact they’ve had in months.
“I can come back later,” Rhodes says, pointing over his shoulder to the elevator behind him.
That's gotta be the first time in Tony's entire life someone's told him he's not the problem.
"That house was an electronic fortress," Walker says.
Steve stands up and tells his heart to
“—Pepper, you're killing me. The moment, remember?
“Yeah,” Steve mutters at Tony’s silence. “I don’t usually tell people that so they don’t feel sorry about me.”
There’s a sick feeling on the tip of his tongue as Rhodey feels both stupefied and offended that Álvarez would say –would even think— that of him just ‘cause of some half-scarred, stupid mark he has no control over, but he agrees. Some topics just cannot be discussed. Some things cannot be addressed.
“Mister Jarvis,” he greets back. “Uhm, this is my mother, my sister,” he introduces them to Tony’s butler and basically father figure.
“Well, I think that was meant for you,” Banner keeps going, pointing at Tony, who offers him blueberries. “Even if Barton didn't tell Loki about the tower, it was still all over the news,” Banner says, grabbing some of the fruit.
Tony widens his eyes and nods a little. “Oh, so, that’s the sole reason, then? Just to punch people in the face?” he says and Steve laughs again.
"You're falling asleep on the couch, Hawkeye," Natasha warns, amused, and Clint jolts awake.
“On what?” Rhodey inquires.
"Under 'fuck ya'll, I do what I want'. It's a special private corporation," Tony replies and Steve laughs again. "Do you wanna run it? I feel like it really captures your essence," Tony adds.
Tony falls to the floor on his knees. “Power down,” he instructs, in a shaky breath, his hands up and the suit does as told, then its parts collapse on the floor.
“If I'm right, we can access the area of the brain that governs repair,” Maya adds, after exposing her project. Tony’s both stunned and aroused. It’s called being sapiosexual.
"No," Tony begins.
“Sir,” Steve calls Nick, who was facing the screens on his spot, at the center of the room. “I was wondering what my mission is?”
"I'm going to talk to him. I'm just— waiting for the right time," Steve agrees.
Rhodey shakes his head. "A few years. Since before I got the suit," Rhodey says, swallowing, then looking around themselves.
“Just…search for him. Really look. Tony loves hiding himself out of reach,” Peggy instructs. “But, it’s a good thing you love a challenge,” she adds, quirking an eyebrow.
Thor smiles widely and takes another bite of his food. “Mmm,” he says then, covering his mouth with a closed fist. “I would appreciate you’d let me know when Banner returns,” he asks.
“Are you nuts?” the Captain asks him, coming into the room.
Next to him, his other brand-new problem stands, shifting uncomfortably like he’s out of place. Tony stops to consider that.
“You have reached the life model decoy of Tony Stark, please leave a message,” Tony says, staring serious at the phone.
The third day he begins to wish the shrapnel would follow its damn course and get it over with. But death never comes, doesn’t matter how much Tony hopes for it.
"I'm closing in," Tony replies. He lands on one of the floors and takes care of the agents pointing their guns at him. "Jarvis, am I— closing in?" he asks out of the comms. "Do you see a power source for that shield?"
Rhodey nods steadily, once.
Then his mind plays it back. The blond man and the shield.
“It's powered by an arc reactor, a self-sustaining energy source,” Banner explains to the Captain. “That building will run itself for what, a year?” he asks Tony.
Steve takes a breath and shifts on his spot. “They’re twins. Volunteers for HYDRA,” he shares.
Steve chuckles and hands him his poisonous drink, in an attempt to light up the room.
"What?"
"Yeah, that's what I thought," she replies.
“I trust everything will be fine. Plus, you have very worthy new company now,” Thor agrees, twisting his hammer in his hand and smiling at Tony before they start to walk out.
