"Stay here," Sameer whispered as he seemed to press his body further into the mattress. "I can stay here, please?" Though he obviously didn't want to move from his spot next to John, he sat up to leave John room to get settled with the nurse, to prepare to move about. Sherlock folded his long legs into the tall-backed chair at John's bedside and drew Sameer toward him while they watched John move with assistance, pushing his IV as the nurse steadied him as they shuffled toward the bathroom. He'd barely managed to get a few steps across the room when the retching began, followed by a moan. The nurse had quickly provided a basin as they went.
This year, Rosie's last before university, John had something special planned. And although it couldn't be completely assured, he didn't think Sherlock had any suspicions.
Sherlock's fingers went to his shirt buttons, but it was with a flash of realisation, then a glare and a raise of a haughty eyebrow. Again. "Apparently when you asked me about things we can't do at home, that might have been the wrong question."
"The therapist indicates that you performing surgery again seems unlikely," and later the sentence finished with, "performing surgery is going to be out of the question." The apology that followed, although heartfelt, was achingly hollow.
From the doorway comes another voice, from one of two people wearing green scrubs. "Before you get to that peace and quiet bit, I'd like to talk with you first. I work with Dr. Williams." He introduces himself, the man with him as the anaesthesiologist, and they stand close by the bed. "I'd like to talk with you about how I'm going to, with your permission, fix your PFO, that small hole between the upper chambers of your heart."
A quick note about non-hospital employees playing with IV pumps, even highly trained, competent, and proficient ones like John, yeah... just don't.
John ignores that for the moment. "And remember, we want to try to minimise the possibility of what Kathy, you know, Dr. Nguyen, said about chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension. The more vigilant we are in preventing it from expanding, and actually, the smaller we can let that clot get, and the quickest means to do it, the lesser the chance you'll develop it." Based on her suggestion, John has read a bit about the typical post-discharge progression of patients with massive PE, that many of them (some of the articles actually cited eighty percent) had residual shortness of breath over time. John of course will not share this with Sherlock other than by vague protective strategies to minimise it.
"Actually I disagree. I have a reputation to maintain." He was good natured but there was a bit of seriousness under the jibe. "I mean, perhaps at age eight, that I could overlook. But Molly has a medical degree."
"Sherlock is the bigger variable." Mycroft frowned just a little. "We could do this without Sherlock, you know. I could fairly easily set up --"
Cane in hand, he paused on the kerb to take that first sip, on the short walk to his therapist, tipping slowly and gingerly so as not to scald his lip. Something went wrong that resulted in very little tea reaching his mouth and a far too large amount coming out from under the lid, the seal broken and a large crack in the threads. He glanced down, knowing he would see the drops of spilt tea traversing down the zippered front of his slightly worn, not quite warm enough winter jacket. A few drops had even managed to land squarely on his left knee and trickle down onto his boots.
"Yes it is, that's true." John couldn't stop the bristling either, at his words, the tone, and the fact that John'd bared his soul, made a difficult decision, and that Sherlock had bloody well tuned out what he'd said on the heels of what he'd fixated on. "But I said something else and you were too busy figuring out what you were going to tell me, the arguments you were preparing. Too busy to
He rolled over, his back and the mattress creaking, and felt the too familiar, too fresh, still deep ache of his shoulder, the residual pain lingering too long. Angling his body to alleviate the stretch in his deltoid muscle, he snagged at his mobile only to find another disappointment. The charging cable hadn't seated correctly, again, dratted hand-me-down mobile, and the screen was dead, battery completely depleted.
"I'm not sure. When I was stationed there, where I got shot, that was outside of Kandahar. I thought she had moved north of that, not as far as Kabul. This was the woman's information from the Military Liaison's office." John glanced at the map that Mycroft had opened. "The language is more important than the specific region or area, I suppose. Dari is official, the more common language, and I just ... don't want him to lose all connections to his heritage. And the country is not all that big, it would still be appreciated."
Nicotine impacts the blood. Carbon monoxide, a breakdown of inhaled cigarette smoke, binds with haemoglobin in the blood, preventing haemoglobin from binding with oxygen for tissue perfusion. Haemoglobin has more affinity to carbon monoxide than to oxygen, leading to chronic changes of the vasculature and a stimulation to increase red blood cells. Blood, with more cells, becomes thicker and more viscous. Gas exchange in the lung is altered and tissue perfusion can decrease. Platelets are directly impacted by nicotine and the receptors on the outside of the cell, the complex weave of structures that mesh together. Platelets become more likely to aggregate. Carboxyhaemoglobinaemia, in which the blood is darker and thicker, plays a role. The wall of the arteries themselves become damaged and affected by the presence of nicotine, contributing to atherosclerosis, clot, and plaque formation.
"I really didn't want to toss myself over." He shrugged. "Waste of a good mobile, though. Don't suppose you have a spare?"
And confirmed with the way the sedation overpowered his respiratory drive. "Deep breath. Deep breath, that's better."
And the little improvements continued over the course of the shift, subtle changes in pressures, in oxygen levels, in activity tolerance. Less fever, more haemoglobin. More urine output, less third space oedema.
"You have to." John had been holding Rosie, but as Sherlock slung his newly and hastily-packed duffel bag over one shoulder, John had pulled him closer anyway, a finger over his cheek, drawing him closer. Soft peck, the briefest lingering, lips warm, dry, surprised. "I'll be waiting."
John disconnected, paced to the door to unlock it, paced to the window to pull back the curtain, keeping half an eye on Sherlock, who was far too serious, far too pale, sitting stiffly on the couch. "Lean forward on your elbows if you want, that might help." He could have referred to it as the tripod position if he'd been asked. He lamented the dearth of rescue supplies in the flat. This couldn’t be fixed by what they’d needed in the past (sutures, pain meds, dressings, or elastic bandages). What he needed now was more complicated and not for home use - oxygen, monitoring, IV supplies, and a bloody hospital pharmacy.
Dr. Benson nods, his smile sympathetic, but he tries again. "We're not turning him. He's not a candidate for sedation vacation." John knows he is referring to the process of lowering sedation in preparation for determining readiness to get off the ventilator. "Pain meds when he needs, it's supportive care, the medications, and not rocking the boat today." They are all looking at John, who is still unconvinced. "I'll call you myself, any change, or if I get the sense you need to come back. Power nap, and then see how you feel?"
In answer, Sherlock had tipped his glass toward John, a toast with small tumblers of scotch that he'd readied while John was inside with Rosie. The toast had been followed by a press of lips, stating commitment and affirmation, no words required. And later, in the cottage, the sweetness of the two of them together in the big soft bed, of hushed chuckles and appreciative moans and the sweet sweet sighs of fulfillment, of satisfaction.
"I have John to help me now." Sherlock's words are quiet. "But even so, it isn't necessary. Nothing I can't handle. Nothing about this is comfortable - which you would know had you been here more often - and there is still some pain." John looks over at him, worried at the disclosure. Sherlock glances over, notices the mildly concerned expression, so he explains, "Mostly when I take a deep breath. But I am managing it."
"Yes. Refractory." She hesitated at the doorway, laid a hand on it, stopped again to talk further. John appreciated that she wasn't rushing. "I don't want to cancel. I don't particularly want to give him too much more, either, for what should be a moderate sedation procedure. I don't especially want to go with general anaesthesia here, which has been suggested, so I have a request for you."
"More romantic that way," John breathed softly, reminiscent of that conversation. "I'm not disagreeing, mind. Second time through, we might want to at least get part of it right."
Laying flat for so many hours is to prevent bleeding from the groin access, and especially in a case like Sherlock's where the line has been in for over 2 days, that puncture site needs some time to clot, become haemostatic, and to keep the risk of bleeding as low as possible.
"You're so pretty." The slur was delivered with enough of a smile not to be as offensive as it could have been. "Seriously, no one gives real names on those sites. And not only Slavic heritage, but not especially bright, to leave this particular volume here. It's a limited edition and relatively valuable."
A few sessions previous, he allowed himself a really dark moment of honesty, expressing anger that the bullet was not more accurate. Specifically, that the bullet had missed a fatal mark. Ella had immediately pounced, asking if he still felt that way and if he had a plan. He declined that, assuring her that he mostly felt a little more hopeful. Although the anger lived just under the surface at times. She had studiously watched him, his eye contact, his demeanor, knowing his progress - and the cost of the humbling admission. Her offer - "as you know, John, there are medications, if these feelings keep up, or if it gets worse ..." -  and he’d shaken his head minutely before confessing that he didn't need meds but would let her know if he did.
For them, for a block of time anyway, it had been tiny beads that defied anything John'd encountered before. It kept to a small puddle in his palm, separating into little balls, then smaller ones, then coming back together when he pressed it that way. And it was heavy, surprisingly so, a unique metal that was liquid at room temperature. Although John didn't know much about it at the time, he was impressed at the way it behaved. The surface tension, the way it drew into itself and the smaller balls were quite round, whereas when it was in one piece, was flattened.
Sherlock is giving the nurse a very hard time, and John stops to listen to the nurse hold her own, plead her case, and offer calm, logical explanations. All of these fall on mostly deaf ears and Sherlock is just having an impossible time with all of it. It very quickly includes his plan of care, mobility, medication instructions, oxygen therapies, and other various explanations. She uses words like 'the doctor ordered these, and we've explained it' and John hears the interruption, Sherlock's tone of voice reply with words like 'ridiculous' and a moment later some muttering about being better off at home. He turns personally on the nurse and the phrase 'you're suffering with imposter syndrome and probably shouldn't be here at all.'
Per your request, here is the job description for the position we discussed yesterday. Do recall, as I explained, that this is a fluid and dynamic situation, so this may change frequently. In the short term, not included on the following list, he will need assistance as he recovers from his injuries. I trust that, given your current educational pursuits, that assistance with medications, wound care, personal care, ancillary physical therapy once the plaster cast is applied, and mobility assistance will be somewhat natural. This will likely include one on one monitoring and care rendered in the home.
"One of the guys in the barracks had a guitar. A few of them sang." Helplessly John shrugged and then quickly reigned her in. "Not a hint of musical ability with me, though I liked listening." Ella scratched down a few words with her pencil and made a gesture that encouraged John to continue. "I don't know. A couple people took up painting, virtual college courses and online gaming when we had good internet. No interest in any of that."
He splashes water on his face, uses the loo, does a few unremarkable and uninspired stretches to get blood flowing, and re-enters the ICU. Rob is standing at the computer at Sherlock's doorway. The room is still dimly lit, from a slide toggle switch over the sinks and the array of equipment. John takes a quick glance - the blood is done, the two IV pumps of blood thinners still infusing, along with a bag of just plain IV fluids.
"Thirty seven, five. So no. And we often see low grade fever with any type of clot, so there's that." He presses a few keys on the electronic documentation database. "Last haemoglobin is good. Fibrinogen still very much normal too." Rob had explained that their patients with infusions of the meds Sherlock was getting had labs drawn at least every six hours. "We just drew and sent an ABG, see if he's compensating all right. He's working, true, but it's not getting worse. Not really." John nods, knowing that they are all still working together to try to avoid putting Sherlock on a ventilator, which opens the doorway to so many more complications even though he might need the ventilatory support. “The tachycardia, perhaps, is probably this," Rob says with a chuckle, holding a clean, unused urinal out. "Perhaps you'll have better success getting him to use it."
John is initially curious, but then sees that Sherlock has very quietly stuck out his index finger for the pulse oximeter probe again. Instead of putting it on, he asks a question, "How are you feeling?"
"You realise that was based on history, right. That actually happened. History came first, and then the musical?"
John considers Mycroft, appreciative of his being available for Sherlock. Mycroft's expression back, although silent, is supportive. "Thanks for coming."
He is lost. In some ways, he is a lonely child in a broken man's body, and they both aware. There is an arched, stone gate at the bottom of the path through the cemetery. They pause, and he leans back against it, closes his eyes, and takes a deep breath.
He glanced out the window, absently watching as the entrance neared, thinking that he would glean the most useful information just from a glimpse of John Watson's face. He already knew John was head-in-the-game serious, that he would be quite focused, but he would be able to read the urgency, the degree of concern, the sense that John with all his medical expertise and intuition, would just
"Well," he began, his sidewise smile broad, "she's actually lucky she didn't find the testicles then, isn't she?"
"Okay. Go on," John dared, knowing by the intensity of Sherlock's expression, his full stop deduction pose, that he'd come up with something.
He looks up, the face hovering above him upside down but eyes bright. Watching him. Seeing him. Anxiety swirls about him, hovering over his head, and his fingers tingle with nerves, pain, shock, and the lightest touch of premedication.
I was going to add a flashback, a snippet from before, but RL ... and it’s not a crucial point right now, I like this chapter in its linear form. Anyway ... will get that in next chapter.
From inside the room, the sound of terrible retching again followed by a groan of pain. "I can deal with
"Then sniff the corpse and blow off the cigarette ash, I don't care. Whatever gets you to slow down a little. The sooner you comply, the quicker we can leave."
He paid for his items with a slightly improved sense of anticipation, looking forward to preparing a meal and getting on with things best he could. Just perhaps, this day was the start of a better outlook, a new beginning.
None of them speak out loud that, had the symptoms been reported immediately, the less invasive medication option might have been an option for him.
"I've said it for years, doctoring and all, that it's difficult that the last thing you ever do for someone," and with this his chest shakes just a little, "is to help them die well."
The smile Sherlock adopted was a young one, a smile of a very happy childhood memory apparently, but his description was brief. "Had a favourite uncle, kind of a crazy, unpredictable throwback to ... I don't know who in the genetic line. But he was frowned on by basically everyone. So of course, I absolutely adored him. He was ... just a wonderful addition to any family gathering, found fun in any activity. He wore a long coat and made a big deal out of ... inspecting things with a magnifying glass. Which is now in the pocket." He could have spoken about the study of a roasted turkey one Christmas dinner, shared about the leaves on one of the trees outside, about inspecting the face of a rather large hairy spider. "He's been gone for years now, and I hadn't thought too much of it, the coat. Certainly not the glass, just figured it had been lost forever."
John spoke again. "Non-negotiable, I'm afraid. And look, if we're all going to this trouble to treat you, the least you can do is cooperate. You want the drug to be effective, right?" His glance, in typical fashion, asking without words
Nothing was actually off limits. His sleep was invaded more times than he would have liked, though Sherlock'd learned that to waken Rosie was to unleash a terrible beast, one of which her misery and complaining could certainly deter that behaviour in the future.
The first chuckle that came out of John's mouth was accidental as he imagined the flair, the drama, the sight of Sherlock doing exactly that. And worse. But it gathered momentum, and before long, they were both snickering.
"Not do what? Talk about something you brought up, that was clearly misunderstood on my end, that seemed rather important at the time?"
"If things go as planned." John hates to couch the phrase so, but there is always the chance that something will delay it, a complication, an unforeseen issue.
"It means we're heading to A&E. Probably new onset afib." John had prevented further conversation, taking his mobile, pressing 999.
He can hear the huff through the mobile pressed to his ear. "Sir, truly, I cannot in good conscience ans--"
Thank you for your prompt attention to the downed tree situation and extensive property damage at my home.
"Small bedsit. The literal place on the floor is barely big enough, but ..." He shrugged, pondering that he was giving it any consideration, and he reminded himself of many reasons why it was unacceptable. "It's really not a good idea, Sherlock. I'm sorry."
Sherlock's cheek comes closer to the side of John's head, nuzzles just a little. "Can I?" Sherlock breathes into his ear, his hand coming around to John's waist, the tips of his fingers into the waistband of his pyjamas. They wriggle and press, warm, faint violin calluses, hesitating, going no further, awaiting consent. "John please."
Sherlock, far more impulsive at times, had been the one to move first, swooped in, broadcasting his intention and John was so ready, so prepared to feel finally skin contact where he'd only gone in his mind previously when Sherlock halted only a short distance away.
"Yeah?" John smiled, and with a brave heart and a daring move, he placed a warm hand behind Sherlock's arm as they stood there close together. Cool blue eyes snapped to his dark ones, meeting and wondering and curious. Both smiles faded into something more serious, more certain, interested. These moments had been happening more frequently, though other than a few lingering touches, nothing else had transpired yet. "I think I'm okay with that."
"Not especially, but it would be nice if there's an opening to take it. Anaesthesia is always present to manage the sedation. And I know they always prefer to do the study when there's a stable airway already in place." Dawn sees that John is not enthusiastic. "They come right here to his room, he won't have to travel anywhere else. She's a nice lady, the cardiologist, and if you're interested, we can ask if you can stay in the room, as long as you stay out of the way. Watch the whole thing. She'd probably be agreeable."
Oh, Mycroft yearned to lean in on that, and he wanted to yell back, to respond with the anger and emotion that he held in check. "I disagree. I think you've given up and you no longer care about the outcome here."
His final rotation as senior surgical resident was nearly complete, and he, along with those who shared his situation, were thinking forward. The future held great opportunity, and surgical positions were somewhat competitive. Only one, though, was of actual interest to John, however, but he had not yet said anything to anyone except the director of his programme. He had been assured that it would be a good match, fulfilling, and something that would further hone John's skill, his finesse, his potential. He would be able to obtain almost any surgical position he wanted at the end of his tour.
The dish in question, Qabli Pulao, it is a popular Afghani steamed rice dish topped with raisins, carrots, and lamb. It is often served with naan. I can only imagine Laila, Sameer's mother, trying to feed them sensibly, cheaply, and without spending a lot of money that she didn't have. Bless Mrs. Hudson for working her manipulative magic to get Sameer what he probably really wanted deep down.
John takes a deep breath. And closes his eyes. His awareness, though, lingers a little longer, mind whirling, thoughts in a jumble, sensations both acute/sharp and foggy/dull. The acute burning pain in his shoulder has settled into a narcotised dull ache although John can still feel the throbbing with each systole, each pump of his heart, but it is thankfully more distant now.
"Oh stop it. I'm not afraid of you." Her brow raises and she tilts her head. "Hard on families, too." Her eye contact is confident and direct. "Watching from the sidelines, being powerless, is also worrisome."
"Of course you were, and are, in case this is something genetic, and with your advanced age, I could well imagine the fear that something worse might befall you."
"My shoes didn't have holes, but mama's ..." Sameer looked at John with an intensity that almost pleaded with him to understand, to fix it. "I had new ones, but mama didn't."
"Hmmm," John responds sleepily, the end of the word going up in a question. He turns his head to look over his shoulder, the pillow and duvet narrowing his view, eclipsing Sherlock's profile. Sherlock is watching, intent, studying.
He could hear shuffling, moving about, and some soft music in one of the almost never-used mortuary back rooms, a large clean work room, a conference table with unmatching chairs, piecemeal of a department. "I'll be right out!" her answer came quickly. Later he would realise that it held a cautionary directive that she wanted him to wait there and not come further into her department to find her.
Sherlock had just taken a breath as if he'd intended to argue or launch into a diatribe on the wrongness of John's stance when John's stomach rumbled.
had his routine too. It involved token resistance, verbal always and sometimes bordering on physical, at which point the statement was made about keeping blood flowing, to which her papa would usually growl something threatening about keeping blood flowing while he grinned and gestured with a teasing fist.
"Best research indicates no, that the filter is easily crossed with the catheter used to deploy the closure device. It's going to be practitioner specific, though. Some docs choose to use either brachial or Jugular vein, but of course we would try to avoid his left brachial anyway, because of the stent. I'm not sure which of Dr. Williams' partners will be doing it. It'll be ultimately up to them."
John glances up at the bedside monitor, blood pressure back to being low, temp mildly elevated again, probably from just the presence of clot. His oxygenation, still low on very high settings. The indecision is written all over his face, and he frowns. "I really don't think ..." Greg glances over, seems to realise John's dilemma. "I don't think now is the time to leave."
She looks back at him, sees the confidence in his eyes, his belief that she can indeed use her brain and figure this out. So, empowered, she climbs down, studying the tree. Slowly, she circles it, her fingers pinching at her lips as she has seen modeled by both men in her life. She says very little initially, peering at the root structure, some of which is still visible, at the angle of the tree, at the scarred areas of the bark, the trunk. She looks around, sees some other trees a distance away laying tipped over, considers the breeze that blows upward, their present location, unprotected for the most part from wind and weather. "I think ... a long, long time ago, that this tree had a very bad day." She tips her head, smiling at the rapt expressions of the men watching her, her very own audience, and she pauses, enjoying their attention and their fondness. "And then the sun came out and started shining again. And the tree noticed."
"Your stethoscope. Not the usual nurse grade one, which is fine, by the way. This one you're wearing, cardiology afficionado only, someone with extreme dedication to the craft ..."
, and John nodded. "Tiny volume, small needle. People are barely feeling them." He unwrapped the plaster, placed it over the site, and began to clean up. "Mine was mildly sore the next day."
The rest of the meal was light-hearted, and relatively quick. Sherlock motioned for John to remain seated, while he cleared and stacked the dishes in the sink, and led him quickly through their usual nighttime closing up routine. Lights out, a stop in the loo by turn for requisite tasks, and John was quite pleased to see fresh sheets and a clear path to the bed. Mostly, neither of them cared overmuch for strict order, though it did please John when things were more picked up than not.
saddle PE." John blows out a collective breath - oh god, not good, that massive distinction - at the definitive diagnosis, one that he'd been suspecting. The doctor nods. "Exactly. One of the largest I've ...  Anyway, placed a femoral introducer, a guide wire, stabiliser ring. Given his hypoxia and hypotension none of us felt that thrombolysis, thrombolytics, was going to be enough, so I ended up using a special device to perform a suction thrombectomy, retrieval of at least part of the clot we could get to."
His next recollection, far different. He was chilly, shaky, heavy, and some altered version of pseudo-awake as if a switch had been partially thrown, although it was still dark. His eyelids were especially heavy and there was an awkward metallic, chemical scent about him, the intrusiveness of something in his nose. His fingers, also weighted somehow, moved to displace it, pull it out, and there was a catch and a sharp pain in the back of his hand.
John waited only a moment before catching up. "All right, all right. It's just --" He steeled himself and spoke it out loud. "It's just, you're always so quiet."
John leaned forward, touching her lightly on the hand, just once, briefly. "I'm sorry." Although he'd certainly been present for multiple deaths - in his lifetime, career, army, and the more recent pandemic - it never ceased to impress and amaze him at the humanity, the moving compassion of so many nurses at the end of life. The physician role, very different, more removed, giving orders rather than walking alongside the process.
The pushback was actually welcome, and John's smile was a trace genuine. "No. None of us are, actually." He had given everything he'd had over the past nine weeks, fighting this damn disease, and although he hadn't met this nurse before, they had fought side by side regardless.
"Now and again, we meet a young man, or a young woman, worth investing in, someone we'd like to consider some special training. Mentorship in the future. It only took a little digging to find your connection to the owner." Greg's smirk was brief but enough to have communicated the truth to the man in front of him. "To have put this together on your own, was ... let's just say impressive. And I may have a proposition for you that includes a combination university education along with some on the job experience."
"We can order that for home if we need. It's the IV that's --" The case management worker yesterday had looked into it, but everyone is still hopeful that by the time the heparin infusion is going to be discontinued that Sherlock won't need it at all.
He would wonder later what had loosened his tongue. "You know I would do almost anything for you. Including warming up your feet if they were cold, yes." He could almost envision it, quietly creeping down the steps, pushing open the door to the bedroom, the way he would approach the bed, the light probably dim save the glow of Sherlock's mobile highlighting the profile of his face. The stillness and heaviness of what was certainly a change from their usual platonic encounters. "I would."
The men exchanged another look, wondering at how best to tell their wonderful definitely-not-housekeeper, friend, landlady, that until John was no longer seeing actively infected coronavirus patients, that they were going to have to stay away from each other.
John sat there a moment, staring off, wondering if Harry was available that evening. He looked over at Sam again, who was resting, face flushed, eyes closed, breathing fast. Under his skin, John knew his body was at war, fighting off an infection, making every attempt to win the battle that was raging. He looked forward to the surgeon's work, to fix and remove the problem, yet he was so very nervous too. The hard part was not letting it show in front of Sam.
John feels a coldness grip his chest as he understands the severity of that very sentiment. And if Sherlock, even with an altered thought process is afraid, that certainly John has every reason to be afraid too.
"You overfilled it again, John," Sherlock muttered, and they could indeed hear the unbalanced load making a terrible racket from down the hallway. "I'll get it." With his usual flourish, he stepped through the door, his coat sworling behind him. Sam stood just another few seconds there, looking briefly at John and the other visitors, then disappeared back inside.
"You bet I will. You don't belong here, and it's my job." In answer and in ironic timing, a new direction of the wind brought harsh, pelting raindrops against the back of the house this time. "Although ..." he left the rest of the sentence unfinished. "And exactly ... how ... could you have possibly known all that about me?"
"No." John couldn't stop the small, confident, secretive grin. He had been so careful. He'd made reservations, he'd left no paper trail, he'd said nothing to anyone.
It had started the first year after the Covid 19 pandemic as a place away from crowds and people and contagion and the relentless, depressing media coverage. John hadn't realised how large a toll it had taken on him - and on Sherlock and Rosie - until that first getaway. He'd booked it on a rash impulse, a desire to get away from London and the associated exhaustion, a recommendation of an acquaintance. Rosie had been barely three, and that first night, he'd tucked her into the smaller bedroom. Joining Sherlock then out by the fire, huddled close, the low flames mesmerising and comforting and beautiful against the backdrop of trees, the stillness heavy and serene. Their faces had been golden in the burnished hues, serious, and thoughtful.
Her birthday dinner, also her request for her papa's cottage pie, had just been finished, dishes removed, stomachs not too full for dessert. The cake, baked and brought along by Molly (who'd arrived just midday), vanilla with a coffee-flavoured creme filling, waited. Her Uncle Mycroft's hand was poised with the lighter hovering over the candles, and he smiled in her direction. "Ready?"
There is a lull of under ten seconds, and just as John thinks they might be on to something, Sherlock is off again, restlessly pulling at all the restraints, turning his head side to side, becoming more agitated, trying to sit up.
He remembered the lopsided smile, the twinkling if somewhat unfocused eyes the night of his stag do, that stupid game, the trouble they'd befallen. The face was fond, and familiar, and he missed the sight of Sherlock's eyes sparkling over it, drawing life into it and taking charge by his mere presence.
Ella was right. This felt helpful, like some of these things needed to be said, that I can even return to this and revisit it (probably not) or add to it (possible when other little things come to mind). It was good to put them on paper. Paper belongs only to the present, the moment, a very specific and limited location. These memories put aside and safely preserved, I can choose to never look at it again. I know it's there either way.
"She's apparently not the only one," she says, then sees John's discomfort and continues, casually, "Hopefully he'll be home soon. And you'll all be together again."
He was half-way through her book Good Night Moon before she stopped trying to get away from him. Over the next few pages, her sobs subsided a little, turning into those deep body shudders that indicated a particularly strong crying jag. His voice, already fatigued from needing to project at work, gratefully also lowered, growing more soothing, less energy required, and he hoped it would continue to calm her. Her head tucked sweetly under his chin, her shoulder nestled under his armpit, her thumb idly rubbing and brushing at the back of his arm. He doubted she was even aware of it, her seeking connection, her intrinsic means to touch and be part of him, trusting him to take care of her.
"For making a wise health choice and removing temptation?" John's voice is quiet and serious. He does realise that this was a hard moment. "It was the right thing to do."
Sherlock smirked at the incompatible extremes, dying-living, black and white. "Particularly while everyone else is high-fiving and waving balloons or some such idiocy." Sherlock's perception, his expression, his tone, were all spot on. "Cheering."
"No." John couldn't stop the actual face of disgust at that idea. He tried to avoid tourists and the touristy things whenever possible.
"All right," Sherlock responded immediately, agreeing far too quickly. He grabbed the covers as if to fling them back. "In fact, I think it might be best if we --"
Sherlock raised a brow, peered a bit peckishly down his nose at John. "You usually fuss more than that at me, you know. Bloody food nag you are." He punctuated his words with his fork, pointing it for emphasis.
Please let me know if something is unclear.  Thanks for reading.  I appreciate you, the fandom, and the escapism of writing.
- as John's smile broadened for some reason that he really couldn't have explained if he'd wanted to.
"There are a lot of things we can do to lower your risk, prevent complications. The most pressing one, of course, is --"
The nurse shakes her head, her chuckle full of mirth. "You have no idea how lucky you actually are."
Sherlock tucked the lightweight, oversized quilt behind the couch cushion, wedging all of it tightly into a corner. "Yeah, but --" John began and Rosie squealed and lunged for the toppling floor lamp that was partially holding things aloft.
The car, one of Mycroft's that would be taking them back across town to Baker Street, had barely driven away when Sherlock leaned in to John, close enough that his quiet voice was quite audible. And mildly amused. "You know, all of the plotting you did was unnecessary."
Dean leans forward. "It's very rare to have clot in the arterial and venous systems at the same time. The PE, even though it's technically in an artery, and I know you know this, is a venous problem, with venous origins. Pre-pulmonary. Unoxygenated. The arm, brachial artery thrombus, obviously an arterial problem."
With a steadying breath, John indicated the empty chair. "May I?" Mycroft seldom used unnecessary words if he could, and at Mycroft's faint nod, John took a seat, leaned back, crossed an ankle over his knee. "I know you've been fully updated about Sherlock's hospital course, his problems, and discharge plans." A flicker crossed Mycroft's face, the faintest hint of a suspicious smirk about his mouth. Somehow in John's head, he could hear Mycroft's imperious tone reverberating almost as loud as if he's spoken it:
Glancing over at John's words, there is a second or two of actually listening to what John said, his word choices. John hesitates, recalling, as one side of Sherlock's mouth quirks in a smile, and he looks back at John with amusement.
Her short burst of laughter, still muffled from behind the mask, was rooted in frustration, in pain, and in bone-weary fatigue. "True."
I was going to delay posting to let them get a ... ferret, or chinchilla, or honey badger, and then realised that in keeping with Princess Bride they need to get a ROUS. And from there, it just got sillier. So here you go.
Sherlock's mind is quick, and he changes gears - and arguments. "I already ordered dinner, not that it will be worth it, but it's coming to this room."
Blink, blink, the time on his mobile seemed at a standstill. It was pitch dark and now and again his sleep-deprived mind wondered if his eyes were open or shut, it was that dark, and he was that rattled.
With a flair, John signed both pieces of paper that were on the table, and handed them to Sam, who tucked them into his backpack.
"Jesus Christ, stop that!" John was barely one step into the room, had immediately taken the scene in, responded verbally as he lunged toward his wayward new flatmate.
"So chickens lay eggs. You still have the chicken afterward. And it can lay more eggs. Sustainable." Sherlock smiled at Sam's expression as he truly seemed to understand, and he asked him, "Would milk fall into this category?"
Sonya seemed to relax just a little then. "I wanted to inquire long ago, to find you, but I couldn't defy Ahmed. And then it took months to get permission from my country, to travel."
"How'd it go?" John asks, as they enter the room en masse, all the machines, equipment, Sherlock at the center.
Most of you already know me, but for those who don't, I'm Rosie, Sam's annoying little sister. Or fabulous, wonderful, amazing, brilliant little sister, depending. I'm mostly okay with either description.
He’d just heated up a quick dinner in the microwave when very close by, the hiss and sizzle of a too-close-for-comfort lightning strike sounded. Blue light flashed in through the windows and instantly the house was plunged into full and total darkness. The mineral, metallic smell of scorched atmosphere confronted him - and he hoped that it wasn’t a serious power issue, fried electronics or something worse. Covering his dinner plate, he considered the dark house and went to retrieve his torch - missing - so he switched on his mobile light to check out the house.
"Yes?" John said, smiling at her. He could easily imagine her doing this at her playgroup or at school.
Forcing himself to be casual, he sipped at his tea but then rose to his feet. "I should probably make sure --"
Sameer relayed this, and the pair chatted in rapid Dari for a moment, and then instead of interpreting, Sameer cued him through a few of the words and the boy asked Mycroft, "If we move here, father says I might get a dog. Maybe I'll bring it over to visit you?" Giving up on English, he spoke to Sameer again, who added, "He says you have a nice big yard that would be perfect for a big dog."
Kathy nods, affirming the score and the statement, that neuro symptoms can be mildly subjective at the best of times, and turns to John. "Probably a TIA, then. Less likely fatigue, given the focal aspect. We have a protocol for treating presumed stroke, or stroke symptoms. CAT scan, CTA for scores greater than six. He doesn't meet criteria, symptoms are resolving." She cues him through a few other assessments that were targeted toward the deficits Rob had discovered. "How are you feeling, truly?" she asks Sherlock.
"See?" John nudged Sherlock's shoe as he gestured to where Sameer and Rosie were colouring, every now and again one of them moving the container slightly closer, then back, then closer, a tennis match of crayon containers. It was already escalating. "You and Mycroft set a terrible example."
The silence in the room was heavy, both of them wide awake as well as somewhat relieved that neither would be alone in separate rooms stuck worrying about things. Sherlock sighed again and flipped over, restless, facing John this time, from his side of the bed.
"Not if it works." He feels a terrible bout of compassion for Sherlock, stuck here, feeling the restrictions of activity and the even worse physical limitations and the intermittent hypoxia that are playing with his thoughts.
He attempted valiantly, he really did, to ignore Sherlock, but when it was a little too quiet, he raised his head in alarm.
Carefully and with intentional slowness, Sherlock glances over at John. A few minutes later, the question is unasked.
Sherlock was not unhappy. He truly was sick of it, fed up, and bone-weary tired. The nurse came in a brief moment later, eying the equipment and his skin and checking to see if he was awake. "Was that your brother?" At her question, Sherlock tuned her out, ignoring the few, well-meaning, polite -
"So as long as his oxygen levels stay above ninety, Dr. Benton is okay with this. I just don't want him to tire out, breathing so fast."
With a huff, he whirled on a heel, catching sight of the bags and obviously not trusting John even a little tiny amount. "You got my charger?" He stalked down the hall, on a mission. Disbelieving that John would have remembered everything.
The surgeon lingered just a bit, taking in the room, the men waiting, the nurses and medics meeting needs, giving pre-op medications, assuring IV lines were patent, keeping order within the chaos. "We'll see if we can move things along here." Their eyes locked, and John could easily read the non-answer, the bad news, the deliberate deflection.
John meets it and responds, "No." His expression is sad, hopeful, and introspective all at the same time. "Will you go with me?"
John took the slightest bit of offense at that, then considered Mycroft's probably very real concerns, growing up with Sherlock, at risk reduction. "I'm sure you needed to say that, but I would never." A thought occurred to him. "Are you expecting some sort of dramatic anaesthesia emergence? Do you get agitated ... or ..." John was really puzzled at his dramatics until he remembered exactly with whom he was dealing. "Or silly? Do you wake up from anaesthesia... I don't know,
She gives Sherlock a cued hug, a sloppy but spontaneous kiss, and then tries to pull off the oxygen again while she is close. When Lydia and John do finally get her packed up and ready to return to Baker Street, she is holding the bunny tightly.
- then reminded himself not to get side-tracked. "Flatmates. We discussed being flatmates. Not bedmates."
They strolled back to Baker Street. One taller, one shorter. Both smiling. Father and son, John and Sam Watson.
"Quite intentionally done, Mr. Holmes. I find numbers like that make it quite personal." He does not back down, holds Sherlock's attention and tolerates his rather abrasive attitude in both words and body language. "Add to that, overnight you experienced a TIA, a transient ischaemic att--"
"Yes sir, of course." The physician on the other end of the line did not work to keep the emotion, the response from Mycroft's hearing. Apologetically, he stated that there was still reason to hope: "He may yet do well."
The absolute last thing you need to imagine is personally living the nightmare of what the sickest patients go through - sick, mostly naked, proned, tubes in every orifice, perhaps paralyzed, possibly inadequately sedated, and worst of all ALONE.
He's no sooner scampered from the room when John chuckled, saying to Sherlock, "Well, that was a nice surprise."
Sam and I had other things in common too. We had to live with a consulting detective and all the charms that go along with that. You can imagine what we didn't get away with. Ask me later about the broken window that we actually both did get away with. Sorry papa for the late disclosure.
The physician listened to Sherlock's chest carefully, did a brief assessment of his abdomen, removed his shoes, feeling his ankles. "Which leg?"
Ella had rescheduled her day, John knew it, to accommodate his early visit. They'd chatted briefly on the phone and she refused to hang up, to end the call, until he'd contracted for safety. Oh, she didn't use those terms, but he was familiar enough with them to recognise it.
," he muttered as he emphasised the words, "could be much better used for other things, rather than saying stupid, idiotic, untrue, misguided, or misdirected statements." Silence stretched between them, both of them comfortable in it, for a little while.
John left that text unanswered, but the following day he did indeed use betadine rather than chlorhexidine with no untoward effects. It wasn't until the next morning that Sherlock returned home, reeking of garbage, disheveled, and in an altered state. The photo John sent to Mycroft was somewhat pathetic, although the response he received spurred him to action.
"IV fluids were capped this morning. No further vomiting?" The next question also resulted in a small, affirmative nod from John. "Feeling able to get out of here?"
With no trace of Sherlock at all, except that his coat and his cane were gone but his powered-off mobile was on the kitchen table. John didn't pay it too much mind, other than having it feel different, his being gone, as he heated up and ate some leftover takeaway from the refrigerator. The flat felt lonely and empty when he went to bed, but it wasn't until the next morning when John was readying for work that it changed to alarm.
. The tea at his left was just perfect temp to be drinkable, and Mrs. Hudson had said she was on her way up with something breakfasty - usually flaky and sweet. He hoped she delivered it before he had to leave.
The readied water is poured over the tea bags, and they embrace as the most naturally obvious activity on the planet. John feels Sherlock's shoulder muscles shift as he hugs, sliding an arm behind John's waist. Soft lips press against John's temple, and seconds later, Rosie toddles over to wrap her pudgy arms around both of their knees. John bends, lifts, changes their embrace to be all-inclusive, and Sherlock delights Rosie with a few animated sniffs into her neck. She wriggles with delight and wraps her arms tighter around them both.
Mycroft's perspective and his story line ending with a little future-based get together - and celebrating Rosie.
"A bunch of days on the IV heparin. And they're still trying to decide how many other oral meds you'll need. Apixoban is usually the drug of choice after pulmonary embolism. But you have a stent, and all of those guys will probably be pushing for clopidogrel too."
"You're welcome." Without delay, he turned to actually leave, biding John farewell once more, just speaking his name again.
His jacket was already hanging, keys and such tucked into coat pocket, and he grabbed a pair of hospital scrubs from the shelf, ducked into the alcove to quickly remove his street clothes, tuck them into a (clean, wiped, safe) locker. The shoes stashed under his locker from yesterday, he slid his feet into, put shoe covers over them all. The shoes would not be going to Baker Street, ever.
Exploring, studying, enjoying the solitude were things he liked. The home, very comfortable, tasks, minimal. Lights, making the place looked lived in, checking on the outbuildings, typical security things, assuring windows and doors were locked, easy. And with school demands, things to learn, read, memorise, he had plenty of time on his hands. As with any new assignment, he found that the house had sounds of its own, with creaking boards, roof noise, shifting in the upstairs. Now and again, he found, one of the showers must have an intermittent leak, as he found that the base of it was wet and at one moment he thought he heard water running while he was washing up his own few dishes in the sink. And one time he arrived home from a class to find that the upstairs almost seemed humid with the faint scent of shampoo lingering about a bit.
One of the adults noticed Sameer watching. A quick comment to one of the boys perhaps a little older than Sameer, and they paused a little to jog over. "Wanna play with us? It's just football. Teams, sort of anyway. Just for fun."
"-- be worth it, but ..." Mycroft, calmly, patiently looked around, and caught sight of an approaching car, one of his, just coming to a halt. "Ah, there they are." To Sherlock and John, Mycroft drew closer and said, "Perhaps try not to offend, Sherlock, when you introduce yourselves to the family that has just arrived."
John could feel his jaws clench, his radar on high alert, his protectiveness kick in to overdrive. "How long's this been going on, then, hmm?"
He flips the two images back and forth, carefully, not jostling the glass at all. "Your assignment, then, is to make some generalisations about magnetic affinity. And then I want you to consider at least three additional variables that you might use in this experiment in order to test how we can alter or influence an items affinity."
"Oh? With a murder perhaps? I hear flatmates are offing each other regularly when the one tries to micromanage --" Underneath the aggravation is the faintest glimmer of Sherlock making an attempt, of trying, of ... well, at least not meaning the fact that he was
For a moment, Sherlock is shocked, then he determines that she is teasing him. John doesn't think so, not entirely anyway, but they let the subject drop.
" He could also somewhat understand that Sherlock had been perhaps not eager to seek him out for help.
"You'll do no such thing," Mycroft informed him, a hand wrapping coolly, lightly around his arm as the surgeon gave a brief update then got summoned away, but not before pressing his business card into Mycroft's outstretched hand. He had already dropped his hand from John, and with brusque formality he addressed the patient. "Sherlock?"
"In the meantime, while you're thinking about it, I have a little English saying to tell you about." John asked Sam about whether people in Afghanistan ever went fishing, and Sam nodded. "So the saying goes something like, 'give a man a fish, and he eats for a day;
"It's safe to say that if my bedsit is small enough that floor space is at a premium, that no, a spare mobile just sitting around is most definitely a no." He chuckled sadly again, thinking that Sherlock would be hard pressed to find something of value worth stealing from his bedsit.
After a moment passes again, he smiles sadly but with appreciation. "Can we all just take a moment, maybe a minute, to pause. To set aside time, right now, to honour the lives represented here in this room? To honour family members who have worried along with us and about us. All of you," he says quietly, meaningfully, "all of us, heroes." He waits briefly, glancing about, letting the word become real and resolute and true. "And to honour those who aren't here. They each were someone. Someone who loved and was loved. Someone who mattered and who deserves to be remembered. So pause with me, just one minute, to remember." With that, he stops talking and the room descends into utter quietness. He knows time passes askew, and to assure the proper length, he counts the seconds off in his mind. The room is eerily, heavily silent. A few tissues are retrieved, distributed, used, and pocketed. From the front of the room, John continues to be unrushed, calm, sensing the moments of the room, making eye contact and feeling the tension, the energy, the stress palpably fall and settle. It was empowering and necessary and human. Out of the tranquility, he concludes, "For so many reasons," he says with kindness and a lump in his throat making his words even more sincere, "I can only close with two very sincere and woefully inadequate words: Thank you." He stares right at Sherlock as he says these then cuts to Molly, a few of the other tables of recognisable friends.
"He's proven quite the challenge to sedate." John could feel the heaviness of his blinking, of what she was telling him. "He's fighting the anaesthesia, the sedative. We've given him quite a bit, can't seem to make any progress yet."
It is okay to disagree about vaccination. I understand that some people regard it as "poison" and "unsafe" and "conspiracy." I'm not even going there. While I do acknowledge that this vaccine is new [btw, the bloody
Although the question was muffled through the layers of PPE, John Watson approached the bedside of the heretofore uncooperative patient. The nurses had tried everything short of rewards and threats. They'd advised him of the likelihood of intubation, of mechanical ventilation if he continued to refuse to turn on his stomach. He'd told them his back hurt, that he couldn't tolerate it, and all of them collectively watched his oxygen levels drop. And take longer to come back up. They'd watched the increase in the patchy pulmonary infiltrates on the chest xray and the shallow breathing.
The park was worth the journey. It wasn't crowded, and they'd found a myriad of things to do there. Rosie enjoyed everything about it from the food to people-watching to the play equipment. Another family arrived, a bunch of kids in tow, set up a short distance away. They'd brought a football along, and Sameer couldn't stop watching, staring, observing, as the newcomers had marked off a small field and set up a modified game.
He pondered what he knew - and didn't know - about Dan. Other than that he was a very good nurse, he didn't know much about either his family or his history.
Sherlock closed his eyes, reluctant and mostly irritated, and finally did as John asked into the proffered tissues, then moaned, "Sorry."
Sameer sidled up next to her on the couch as she held the book and turned pages slowly through the entrees.
"Yeah, it's the gear, abbreviation is PAPR. Powered air purifying respirator. It's the top half of a big bunny suit with an air system and filter." Sherlock nodded, so John pressed forward. "He was scared to death, clinging, really ... altered. Not thinking clearly. But he wanted me. So I went in. And he wanted to talk to his wife before the tube went in. So one of the nurses handed me the iPad, we set up FaceTime, I held it so he could ..."
John is still mostly shocked, overcome, exhausted, and he tries to answer but can't, so he makes himself nod yes. Both of them are quiet for a few minutes, sitting across the table from each other. Dean finally smirks a little and leans forward. "Get out your mobile." John complies, a mite puzzled. "Open your contacts, and find someone to call, ask for a favour. Pick someone who can come sit with you for a little while, and ... help you here. Alone, here, with what you know, is a bad idea." When John doesn't move, he points to the mobile again and gets sterner. "Pick someone you trust and that will give you a ride home when it's time." He raises an eyebrow. "Doctors, we all play worst case scenario." John stares, blinks, and doesn't disagree. "And we all act like we have it all together. When we
The chuckle was low and a little bit too amused, but John couldn't help it and knew, deep down, it was helpful to find humour wherever they could. "I'd be curious what kind of value you would assign all of those things, how you and I rate compared to, say, Mrs. Hudson hoovering the flat now and again."
John glanced over, where Sherlock's monitor hung beyond his head where it was visible to the entire room. His heart rate was extremely fast, as high as it had been when he'd come in the day before. His blood pressure, also high despite the medication he'd been given. His oxygen level, respiratory rate, all within expected ranges. "Still A fib." Clearly annoyed, Sherlock's eyes drifted closed, part discouragement, part sedation, then he opened them again. Still fighting, John knew. "So here's what we're going to do. I'm going to stand here, down out of everyone's way. I'm not going anywhere, and we're going to do this okay? You listen to me, and we'll get through it." One hand relaxed, the white-knuckled grip easing, and John felt a tap at his elbow, where a staff member was indicating that he'd brought a raised wheeled stool in for him. "Good, your hand, much better. Now how about the other one?" John lightly brushed at Sherlock's other hand, and before long Sherlock had substituted gripping John's hands instead. John gave him a gentle, congratulatory squeeze, his fingers lightly brushing at what he was holding, Sherlock's cold fingers, his palm, the back of his hand given the awkwardness of their positions. "Take a nice deep breath, okay? I know the oxygen doesn't smell good, but it's ... necessary. Deep breath. That's better. Feel a little better?"
But the house remained silent. Sameer lay for a long time, staring at the ceiling. His mind just would not settle. Not at all.
The beast, the now four-year-old mutt Rosie had begged for until they'd finally given in, lumbered away in chase, his happy wriggle and wagging tail flailing side to side. He was shaggy and brown, had kind and mischievous eyes, and was very, very loved.
Sherlock's question did not surprise John, in the least. John could feel the stress easing off him, rolling off in waves and in the settling of his breath as he exhaled. He could almost feel his spine straighten, his shoulders release a little of their perpetual tension, his mind realise that it was indeed time to move on, and that there was definitely an end in sight. "So you're good with it?"
He was angry at his former unit for not maintaining contact, annoyed at the soldiers who'd managed to avoid that particular mission -
"Wow," he breathed, as the other man came up to the window next to him, witnessing the damage outside. "We should --" He was about to comment that they should seek shelter away from the windows and had actually taken a few steps toward safety, when suddenly there was another strike right outside the window, the area fully lit up by the blue light of electricity, followed by the immediate sounds of another tree decimated by the storm, the ground shaking and trembling ominously. John's feet were already on the move in the opposite direction when the ceiling gave way under the force of the tree falling on that corner of the house. It all happened so fast.
That felt rather guilty to write. I love being home, appreciate my family, Sherlock, Rosie, Mrs. Hudson of course too from a distance. I treasure them, the ability to love and hold and be present. I acknowledge that this is hard on all of us, that they suffer too. Even as I know I can't unload all of my pain on them. Not only would it not be fair, it would only escalate their worry.
"As are you," he said with a twinkle in his eye, and though the comment was humorous it was also quite true. "And we have been aware of that for many years. Thank god, otherwise ..." He cleared his throat. "But don't feel like you have to make it up to me, compensate me somehow. Don't get me wrong, I think this weekend is a necessary thing from time to time. But I don't want you feeling like it's an imperative or a score that needs to be settled." John inhaled, exhaled, letting the truth of Sherlock's words sink in. "Family is family, and I don't feel cheated or that I'm missing out any more than you do, or that you are. We're
John blinked once but otherwise didn't move and he let the silence just lay there for a few seconds. "How's the smoking habit going?"
" Another small smile is exchanged, and John realises he is glad Mycroft has come, even for this short time. On his way out the door, Mycroft tilts his head, his eyes serious and concerned, and then there is a faint smile, a quirk of the eyebrow that somehow communicate -
"I still feel like maybe we should send Rosie off to Harry's, until this blows over." He hated the idea of it, but it was weighing on him, the idea that he could be putting any of his family at risk. "Or I could find a hotel, find somewhere else. Some of the docs are, and a few nurses have sent their kids off ..."
John pastes on a smile. Into battle in under three seconds. "Except for the oxygen and the IV meds you're still on, of course." Dr. Nguyen had spoken to them about recommendations for treatment of massive pulmonary embolism, as well as the medical management for the revascularisation procedure he'd had done. She had reviewed the PE Severity Index with them and informed them both about how unusual this combination of conditions was and that there was somewhat limited data. The recommendations, though, were sound. Based on all of that, they had made the decision for some fairly conservative therapy, intravenous heparin for a number of days and eventual discharge on a direct oral anticoagulation medication. They'd chosen, on her recommendation as well as the vascular surgeon, on the safest regimen going forward. Aspirin therapy, the low-dose strength, was given to him starting today.
With a pleading look about him, he stared hard at John and blurted, "I think mama got sick because of me. She was tired, and ... " His eyes sought out John. "Did she have to work too hard that she couldn't ..." Sam promptly burst into tears then, and John didn't hesitate at all before drawing him close, pulling him into his arms.
The vascular surgeon turns to John as if to explain but John shoos him away immediately. He certainly doesn't need coddling when duty calls.
When John kisses her on the forehead as she is ready to leave, he stops, her forehead slightly sweaty. He kisses her again, feels the back of her neck and thinks she is a bit warm and asks Lydia to keep an eye on it.
John smiled at that. "No. The stage is already sort of set, so to speak." John had already managed to locate a musician that Sherlock respected, was interested in, played a few of the songs, clicked on enough links that some of the adverts had already showed up on Sherlock's computer. And one of them had a tour coming up in a few weeks.
"Oh nothing yet. He's done nothing." They'd stopped in an out of the way hall area just off what seemed like a holding bay, procedure rooms just beyond. He knew Sherlock must be close but didn't see nor hear him. John looked up, seeing a sprite physician, recognisable only by her eyes under her surgical cap and mask. "Good afternoon, John." Allison Richards dismissed the tech and spoke low to John. "He's quite a ... character, your Mr. Holmes."
"It seems a bit extreme." There was a small purse of Sherlock's mouth, a pout perhaps, and then he spoke what was probably more on his mind. "You could have told me. I could have helped."
One paper from Sam's teacher, dated three days ago, explaining that Sam had gotten in trouble, and that he was expected to discuss it with his parents, have John write out a response, have the form signed and returned, and that the teacher hoped that would be all that was required.
"What's wrong?" John was the one who found his words first. And he asked somewhat timidly, hoping she wouldn't unleash something particularly offensive.
Sherlock met John in the hallway at the foot of the stairs with a set of track pants, a tee shirt, John's charger, and two of John's latest medical journals that hadn't yet been touched. He grabbed toothbrushes from the hall bath.
"Don't." Sherlock's tone is firm. John doesn't have to protest with words, the mere facial response is enough. "Just, don't. She's
The water glass makes a dull sound as he sets it down, then stands casually at the front, his eyes are bright, hair carefully combed. "Thanks Mike.
Sameer smiled then, warm and excited, and he pointed to the frame. "You showed me the photos. The box of them. Molly helped. She made copies."
"It's ... nice. Very relaxing." His hand explored the texture, the nap, the surprising weight for very little bulk. "What colour is it?"
"Oh. Hello." John felt an overwhelming sense of relief that the man had obviously not taken drastic measures, that he was yet again reaching out. "I've been actually hoping you would call back. What can I do to help you with today?"
Sherlock reached out a long arm, took the remote from him. He was a bit more intense than the situation warranted.
Sherlock found something interesting to stare at along the foot of his bed, so John sought clarification. "So you're talking heparin tonight? The ... endoscopy when, tomorrow?" She nodded. "Cardioversion at the same time?"
Time passes, not as usual or chronologic, but the days fill with socialising, gathering, or exploring. The beauty found on earth pales in comparison with what is all around them now.
for the world." An exchange of phone calls, an arrangement, a short trip to a home a bit outside of the city, reputable breeder. The location, beautiful, sculped buildings, lots of grass, a nice yard, both sire and dam on site. On their arrival, the kids had just spilled out of the car and the puppies had descended. "Indeed, Sherlock, you should not underestimate your husband. Clearly he is your better half, and clearly, he has bested you."
So during this dark time, as we recover and move forward, look for the helpers. And say thank you along the way. Thank you Carrie from the bottom of my still-beating and somewhat broken heart.
He wasn't convinced, just stood there in the aisle in the vast display of football boots making a face.
"Like I've just run for my life across a rooftop somewhere." John appreciates the spirit at least, and of course has fond memories of those days. Sherlock has no stamina, no reserve, it's hard to see him this tired.
Kathy speaks again. "So I'm just waiting on the interventional cardiologist to come by, explain the procedure to you in a little more detail, obtain consent. They'll be able to help you understand the risks and benefits, answer all of your questions." She pats at his arm, and when he turns to look at her, she smiles encouragingly at Sherlock. "You've made a lot of improvement, and defied some fairly tricky odds, honestly. So let's be thorough, take care of this too."
"Oh, agreed," she said. "We don't reverse often, and I'm afraid with as anxious as he was earlier - although doing a good job controlling it, best he could anyway - I think he'd come up hard." From out in the main area of the department, there was a call bell, the sound of a phone, a nurse calling out for someone else, the murmuring of busyness. "He'll sleep it off," she mused as they watched him breathe. "You're okay here?"
John nods, makes a small observation along with a wistful smile. "This, watching a movie like this, I mean, was more well, I suppose not exactly
From within his arms, Sherlock could feel John really try to take control of himself, of the remaining muscle tension, of his breathing, of his body position. He could feel the moments when his mind was settling, in the tightness of his shoulders as they very faintly began to ease. Pressing his lips tenderly against John's head one more time, he thought about the possibility that this virus could worm its way into their home too, their family. "I hate this virus too."
When he comes back into the room, Sherlock is still forlorn, but he opens an eye. "I certainly hope you're not expecting me to thank you for doing that."
"You're not going to tell me that I should volunteer at an animal shelter, brushing puppies?" Ella chuckled and shook her head. "And I'm not holding babies in a hospital unit."
His mobile, though, demands to be viewed and he slides it from his pocket. There is a text message, an alert, about his brother. It is followed by another alert, higher on the alarm scale, that flashes red, with capital letters across the top, GRADE 3.
Sherlock had developed atrial fibrillation and, with John's support, had a procedure to restore his normal heart rhythm. End of last chapter, he was sleeping off some well-deserved sedation (and giving John a well-earned respite) in his hospital room.
"Timing?" John feels that the day is already endless, waiting for permission to raise the head of the bed, begin the infernal wean process, for Sherlock to either tolerate it or not, and he just wants this to be over. He wants to go home, to close the door to the flat, to be safe and surrounded, to snuggle on the couch with Rosie. He can picture the room, Sherlock in his chair fussing about something, while John reads one of Rosie's books to her, and he looks forward to doing just that, even the ones he finds ridiculous. Although Sherlock is better, John yearns to be away from these situations that there is still such a distance ahead of them, so many things to overcome. He is impatient, and if he is, then he can only imagine how frustrated Sherlock is going to be. It is a helpless feeling, for both of them, actually, John acutely aware of it all, Sherlock really at the mercy of the hand he's been dealt and the care that's being rendered.
Lydia's text arrives as John leaves the hospital after Sherlock's unhappiness, after their kisses. He can still feel the tingle from where Sherlock's hand had been on the back of his shoulder, the faint reminder of where their lips had touched, the ultimate tenderness of their farewell as opposed to the earlier fussing, the understandable grumpiness, the frustration.
The doctor looked at the huddled figure and began the process of getting him out of the cupboard. “Hello.”, he told Jim, “I’m Doctor John Watson. I’m taking you away from here.” The black-haired boy looked and seemed to deduce him with his dark eyes. Whatever he saw the time traveler did not knew, but the moment the boy made a decision was clear. He opened his arms and reached for him. Carefully John took him in his arms and marveled how light the boy was.
A few minutes Sherlock let his hand rest on Johns, only to pull away as he saw a familiar cab. With a nod of him, both left the restaurant and chased the car. Deciding not to end this game to soon, he let the murder drive away and returned with the blond-haired man to Backer street. The familiar scene of the police officers searching his flat annoyed the alpha but kept calm as he knew what would happen next. After confirming that the cabbie followed and waited for him, Sherlock made his way down and climbed into the cab.
John looked over her interior and decided that the outside promised more than the inside looked like. It was oblivious that most of the money went inside the veins of the woman then her house. He was quickly led to the living room – or at the least, that’s what’s supposed to be – where he sat down on one of the worn chairs. The woman sat down on the one across to him and crossed her arms again. “So, what do you want?”
He shoved the bag over to the woman and instructed her to open it, which she did carefully. After opening it she gasped: “What-?” “This is your compensation for the trouble.”, he told her. The woman looked at him in shock and then to the papers, then back to the bag with the money. Making her decision she quickly took the pen, signed the papers, and slid them back to him: “I won’t be taking him back.”, she informed him, which the ex-solider didn’t commend.
But bevor that could happen, Moriaty reappeared and he ‘died’. For three long years he destroyed the criminal’s network, the only thing that kept him going was John. His smile, his laugh, his annoyed sighs, his wonderful scent. The way he would put up with the alpha and stay by his side, even at the darkest times. Even after he came back and with Johns feelings of betrayal, the blond-haired man choose to forgive him.
Determined he bought a newspaper a few streets down, in case it was all a big joke and checked the date, after confirming again that he somehow traveled back in time, he set out to buy certain things, like cushions and blankets, a few of these horrible jumpers John liked so much, a second fridge for food only, food for the fridge and lots of tea. The first things he would hide from the omega in question until he was receptive to Sherlocks courting. The fridge and other things he would put in plain sight, hoping that it would make the doctor agreeable.
Instead he said: “I want to take him with me now, where can I find him?” The woman stood and walked across the room, to a wardrobe which could be locked. John already knew where this was going stopped before and let her unlock it. Inside was a small child, no older than three, who looked miserable and close to tears. The woman walked bag to the bag, took it and with a “Close the door behind you.”, went away.
“Mike, can I have your phone?”, the roundly man shook his head. “Sorry left it in my jacket.” “Here use mine.”, the blonde offered, which the alpha took.
A few hours later John arrived home and saw a cup of tea and a plate of biscuits standing on the kitchen table. The tea was still warm, and the doctor smiled. His son was often thoughtful and made him a cup of tea when he knew, that John would arrive shortly. After drinking his cup and reading the newspaper, he felt tired and decided a nap would do him good. With that he laid down and went to sleep.
And now he had brought home Sherlock, someone who was as clever as he was. Sherlock who only was three years older then he was. Sherlock, the first person which gained his father’s interest. Jim knew he should feel disgusted, but after all what his adoptive dad had done for him, he simply wished that he could find happiness. And maybe then his father wouldn’t be to hard on him if he introduced Sebastian, who was seven years older than himself.
After this meeting, the events consisting the case and their lives remained the same. Johns arriving at the flat, their flat sooner or later, accompanying him to Lauriston Gardens and being impressed rather than annoyed with his deductions, him running away to search for the case and the blonde getting warned and then picked up and interrogated by his brother. Finally, John coming back to their flat after his chat with Mycroft, to send the message to the killer. Everything was the same, until the moment where it mattered.
After his speech the omega looked dumbfounded at the curly haired, his mouth open, trying to say something, but before that could happen, Sherlock turned back to the door and told John in passing:
Sherlocks inner alpha rumbled content and whisked his omega away, to their nest. The whole night the alpha took his omega, again and again, finally by their last round Sherlock knotted him and bit his bonding gland, binding them together.
Soon he made his way over to Molly, the red-haired beta blushed when she saw him and as always began to help him with his experiments. A few moments after he way finished with the corpse Mike made his way into the lab. Following him was John. The omega limped and was obliviously wary, but still stood with his head high. The brown-haired man took discreetly a deep breath and let the exciting scent of pure John fill his nose. “Sherlock, this is my friend John Watson. John, this is the one I was talking about.”
“He means what he says.”, a second voice told the still bound ex-solider. “Sherlock, what-?”, the man asked as he recognized the voice of his former best friend and secret crush. Suddenly Sherlock sat on his lap, just as naked as he is.
The next day couldn’t pass fast enough to Sherlocks liking. He made a few more purchases for the pervious solider and sorted through his mind palace. Soon – but not soon enough, the next day began to dawn. The alpha began to ready himself for the day and tried to hide his glee.
And suddenly he knew what to do. What he remembered of Mycroft’s and Sherlocks’ research he knew that Moriarty lived in an orphanage until he was fifteen, were he then disappeared and only appeared again as a criminal mastermind. He also knew that his mother was a drug addict and he lived with her until social services took him at the age of eight. His father was mostly unknown. The mother could only tell that he was a rich man who paid her a yearly sum to keep her mouth shut and their son away from him. So, he began to plan. He bribed a few people – since he had enough money in his account – to find the mother and a week later he got an address.
A few hours after his purchases the curly haired got a visit from his brother, much to his annoyance. “What do you want?”, he hissed at his brother. The alpha only raised his brown and spoke: “You made a few interesting purchases today, brother. Food, even though you rarely eat, a second fridge and let’s not forget these horrible excuses of clothing.” “And? I can buy what I want.” But the red-haired alpha ignored him: “And let’s not forget the cushions and blankets, it almost seems like you are preparing yourself to court someone and build a nest to mate. This leads to the question, who are you preparing to mate? “I don’t think that is any of your concern, Mycroft.”, he told his brother. Again, Mycroft only raised his eyebrow and leaned onto his umbrella: “Do you really think so? Don’t forget how upset Mummy would be if you mate some sort of harlot.” This time the brown haired alpha growled: “Don’t call him that.” “Do I need to remind you? Caring is not an advantage.” But Sherlock didn’t care anymore and began to ignore his brother. After a few silent minutes his ‘guest’ stood and made his way out of living room, but not before he uttered a few final words: “I will find him, and then we will see how he will fare.” With these final words he finally went away.
Eyes widening the pieces began to fit: “You like him.”, he said stunned. Somehow James never thought that the self-declared sociopath would admit his feelings, even to himself. He thought that he would have to manipulate his friend and father into admitting their feelings. This however made things easier. Getting back to the situation he saw his friend watch him with worry. Seeing this he grinned and teased his friend: “Ohh, does someone has a daddy-kink?”
Warily he began to search the house and tried to find a clue where he was, but what he found only confused him further. The whole interior looked like it was out of an old magazine, even an old calendar which read the year 1979 hanged somewhere on the wall. Finally, he reached what looked like the kitchen, where a small letter lay. On the envelope stood ‘Dr. John Hamish Watson’ and he hesitantly opened the envelope, fished out the letter and began to read.
As John began to wake, he noticed that something was different. He tried to move but found himself unable to. The solider took over and he opened his eyes and analyzed the situation: he was in his room; his arms and legs were bound to the bed with thick ropes and he was naked. His clothing was mostly gone, only his pants remained. “What-?”, he tried to escape, but it was futile. “Don’t try it, dad.”, the man heard a voice, which he recognized as his sons. “James, what are you doing?”, the doctor wanted to know, but Jim ignored him, the man would get it soon enough. “I want you to know, what ever happens next dad, that I’m completely okay with it. In fact, I even organized it. I only want you to be happy.” With that the black-haired man left the room, ignoring the confused shouts of his father.
With that he made his way quickly down to the nearby pub and got something to eat for both of them. Nearly twenty minutes later he made his way back. Arriving at their room he found Jim on his stomach reading one of his medical journals. “Food is here.”, he announced himself and the boy twitched and tried to put the journal back. “Keep it.”, the doctor told James, “I already read it. But if you don’t mind me asking, can your read or to you look at the pictures?”
Half an hour later, he stood over the shot down Hope, promising him endless pain, if he didn’t tell him Moriatys name, which the murder readily gave before taking his last breath. Only a few moments later the police arrived, and the alpha got wrapped up in the orange shock blanket. The brown-haired man began to argue with the DI, but as he saw John approaching, he shook of the blanket and went to the omega.
He took to doctors hand, interlaced their fingers and dragged him away. As he stood in a dark alley, he turned to the smaller man and began to snog him roughly. The first moment the omega tried to pull away, but as soon Sherlock bit Johns lips he moaned and let the alphas tongue in. The lust the alpha felt let him shudder pleasantly and he carefully began to suck John tongue. Finally, the blond man had to pull away to take a breath and the curly haired began to nibble his way down on Johns throat. The omega shook and moaned loudly, while Sherlock sucked over the bonding gland. “You smell so good. Like desperation and gun powder.”, the genius rasped against Johns skin. The feeling of Sherlocks hot breath let the man tremble again. “Sherlock.”, the omega whispered needy. “John. My John.” “Please.”, John whimpered and began to rotate his waist to get some much-needed friction against his aching length. The alpha growled: “Be sure, if we do this now, I will have you bonded by the end of the night!” Again, the omega whimpered and showed the alpha, his alpha, his neck: “Please. I want you, you smell so good, so right, like we are meant to be. Take me, bond me.”
"There's evidence for both closing it and for leaving it alone." She reviews some of it with him, the risks of the procedure versus the benefits, the statistical outcomes of either option. When she is done explaining the benefits versus risks, she reaches into her lab coat pocket, pulls out an article she's printed. "Closing a PFO is done in a cath lab, and while it is certainly a procedure, it is no longer major surgery. Usually just done under local plus sedation. This summarises it fairly well. But the choice is going to be yours."
"I did it to spare the potential roommate unconscionable horrors, had they been forced to share a room with him." He takes in the recliner, the extra slippers, the way the blankets were folded, and the still somewhat rumpled-ness of John. "And apparently for some other reasons as well."
Not that the waiting was easy. Occasionally, one of them was more snippy, more stressed, projecting the frustration onto something they shouldn't. One brief surge of annoyance from Sherlock resulted in a door-slamming flat exit. John hadn't thought of the phrase 'danger night' in a long time, and when Sherlock had not returned when John bunked in for the night, he'd left a note, a hastily scribbled,
"I know." The silence was awkward and stilted for a few minutes. Under John's ear, he could hear Sherlock's heart rate, knew he was wide awake, uncertain, scrambling for answers and explanations and how best to proceed. For all John's challenges and the difficult circumstance, it was just as hard in a different way for Sherlock, and John snuggled in again. "Thanks. I don't mean to worry you ..." The inhale, exaggerated, was followed by a slower, steadier exhale. John's hand slid quietly, softly, around Sherlock's ribs, tucking in around his waist. It was secure, a statement of belonging, the give and take of
"I will clean the dishes," Sameer said then as Rosie went back to find the box of toys in the other room. Glancing at the kitchen counter, Sameer looked at the food prep detritus with a bit of dread, just given the number of them.
"It makes me wonder if it feels good, what feels good. I kind of ... I don't know, thrive on feedback."
- but as John confirms his next appointment with him, they are both aware of the subcurrent, the undertow, of concern.
His sleep deficit is profound. He has tried medications, relaxation and breathing exercises, cognitive behaviour techniques, and all measures of sleep hygiene he used to recommend to his patients, plus some he's never heard of. When he manages to fall asleep, he wakes with his mind whirling, the thoughts of Sherlock, of regret.
Colour against the pavement, the pale flesh of Sherlock's face, forehead, cheekbones, contrasted even more light given the crimson rivers of blood that had been drizzled on his skin. The picture was vivid in his mind, as was the sensation of panic, of let me through, of I've got to get to him. Of nauseating panic.
It had been a few days after the request to see the photos, maybe week or so later that Molly stopped by with a mortuary box, a random gift for Sherlock that John knew better than to inspect too closely. She chatted a little with Rosie and John, and in conversation between Sameer, Molly, and John, the topic came up about Molly getting Sameer's company to help her with some Christmas baking. "So, I was thinking, Sameer, maybe this week ..." Her word caught as Sameer hesitated mid-movement. "I was thinking maybe Sameer would like to come spend the afternoon at my flat. Meet my cat." Molly worried at her finger, her lip, nervously, hoping that she wasn't acting too poorly. "Can I have him for the afternoon maybe?"
The wind diminished, taking the lift from John's sails a little. "Okay, that's ... fine." He shrugged, thinking to himself as to the reason the distinction was a trace bit hurtful. "You'll be on your own for a few hours, then." If Sherlock noticed the decreased energy level in his words or his delivery, he ignored it.
"For the better, eventually," Sherlock said quietly, sliding his hand up against John's, their knuckles rubbing, brushing, exploring, and finally joining.
"Here, you're okay, it's expected." John's body, fortunately, has an almost instant on switch, and he adds, "I'll help you." He shifts and makes a long crawl across the foot of the bed, helps Sherlock sit up.
The negative shake of the head is quick. "Sterile procedure room, so no. And he's all exposed while they finish up, secure the lines, dress the groin access. We'll come out through this door though. You can follow them up to ICU when they're ready."
So by the end of the day, the irritability is for some reason pronounced, and Sherlock declares that he has a splitting headache and disappears into the bedroom. John finishes a small amount of straightening up, tucks Rosie in for the night, and waits a bit before turning in himself. Sherlock tosses the moment he enters, his breathing and body movements all quite clearly conveying his displeasure. And that he is still awake.
John had nearly - almost - somewhat forgotten that this was only part one of the procedure. He'd been so focused on helping Sherlock tolerate the tube insertion that he'd been caught just a little off guard. Next step, the cardioversion.
"Yes. Sameer read in Dari and spoke in English. Without even probably realising he was doing it." Sherlock grinned at John's still somewhat shocked features. "That's the
lucky, she wouldn't get carried back to her room afterward. It was always a novelty to wake up in the big, tall bed, with big sleeping papas in pyjamas, and other people breathing, with shoulders for snuggling under, with covers and pillows that were different.
"John." Sherlock comes close to demanding his presence, his attention, and John moves to stand at his shoulder, glancing down at him. "I am not willing ... I don't want... I can't live with a brain ... impairment."
"Getting a train wreck across the hall. You'll go up with Ellie and Jenn. Still on a heart monitor of course. Not much else is actually going to change." She unclips the hard wire heart monitor, connects it to the transport telemetry pack. "Better view. Eh," and she giggles, makes a 'so-so' gesture, "I mean, you have to manage without me, but the nurses there are great, much nicer digs."
Isolation is one of those circumstances - collateral damage - downplayed and glossed over by much of the public. But riddle me this, why are the non-covid death rates at nursing homes now higher than usual or expected? Have you measured increases in drug use and suicide, in mental health and emotional distress? Why do family members insist on "full code" status in the face of absolute medical futility and prolonged suffering? I'll tell you - it's because people are alone. And isolation is detrimental.
He sighed, turned once more to let the hot water pound over his face, then his shoulders, and exhaled into the lovely, relaxing, refreshing steam. Rather than answer, he pressed off the taps. Sherlock had mostly closed the door, keeping his ear attuned to Rosie as he watched John tuck back the shower curtain, reach for his towel.
Tears streamed from the face that seconds before had been strong, stoic, focused. Funny thing about being in survivor mode, that sometimes, the moment there is another person to shoulder the responsibility, or to relinquish the responsibility to, it can lead to a meltdown of relief. Sameer had been strong and determined and now that he'd accomplished what he set out to, he felt apparently, that he could let his guard down and surrender to it. The shoulders that had been so upright leaned in and Sameer buried his face in his hands, setting his head down on the mattress at John's side. Even as John's head pounded more, he shifted his body, over in the bed, closer to the opposite siderail, making room. "Come on." His rough voice was gravelly and slow. "Come."
Their knuckles graze again, and this time, their fingers wiggle, spread, entwine, interlock. Another couple just ahead on a bench, two men of somewhat disparate heights sit alongside a little girl. She holds a lolly, face rounded and sweet, wearing comfortably soft overalls, her ash-blond hair in spiky pigtails, a hand clutching a stuffed, very loved blue bunny. One of them, the taller one, dark curly hair, looks exhausted, resting, even his posture tired. A plaster adorns the bend of his arm from recent bloodwork. The shorter one is also tired, but in a different way, the difficulty of his journey in the set of his eyes. He is vigilant, concerned, and in charge. He talks casually to the little girl, pointing something out while keeping a wary eye on the other man. His hand comes up behind the bench, presses lightly on his companions shoulder, a query, a checking in, a reassurance. Faint smiles are exchanged. Under the exhaustion, they both are hopeful and determined, whatever their journey entails.
"In my village, it was very common for us, mama and I, to be hungry. Some days, most days, it was one meal. If that." He glanced into the kitchen, where Sherlock had also turned, listening quietly, a hip balanced against the sink. "Here, there is so much." He raised those bright Watson-blue eyes to look evenly at John. "Would it be possible for me to eat less and we could send a little," and he touched at the edge of his plate, "my share, my extra, back to my village?"
you know." Sherlock gave what he hoped was a dramatic, excessive eye roll at Mycroft's reminder. "I think, if you let it, the whole experience might be good for you."
Sameer withdrew the card, quite puzzled, and John angled his head enough to read the words on the envelope. Sameer was written across the front, and another word in symbols he didn't recognise. "My name in Dari," he said, holding it out to give to John even as he pulled out two sheets of paper from within. One of them had recognisable letters and words; the other, symbols that John didn't understand. Sameer smiled, looking first at the bottom of the note for the name. "It's from Farrah. The daughter of that family, from the ... " He trailed off, gesturing, looking for a word.
- access to all chauffeur services, twenty-four/seven, with expected trips to be made primarily to my estate outside Northern London (while my other residence is being repaired), Barts Medical School, and the physiotherapy rehab center on behalf of my brother as he is treated for his injuries, said treatment will be attended by both of them as long as Sherlock's physicians indicate necessary.
"I have dealt with your supervisor - DI Lestrade isn't it? - a few times. And found him to be quite reasonable. As I recall, his name appeared on at least one of your ...
John thinks briefly of the regular baby-chaos of his life and considers how that could possibly mesh with the Sherlock-chaos here. "You've no idea what you're suggesting."
He tips his head back into the pillow, discouraged, as the IV nurse wishes him well before stepping from the room. Sherlock's sigh is somewhere between depressive and aggravated. "What's my level now?"
John's mobile dings early, awakening him. His own night has been somewhat restless, wondering, itching for time to pass. Although he is fairly certain Sherlock would have been unable to make it all the way home without John hearing about it, he kind of listens with half an ear for the sounds of the front door. He has only called the nurses desk once, received the report that the room was quiet, Sherlock's telemetry monitor was still transmitting meaning that he had not eloped from the nursing unit, that the night was stable. That was hours ago. Now, it is still mostly dark out, and he squints at the incoming message. John knows that today is the day, that the tiny bit of patience Sherlock's had is fully expended. The game is most definitely on.
A few days later, John awoke to an empty flat, Rosie still asleep, Sherlock out doing who-knew-what, a scribbled note that he'd be back later. He reveled in the stillness, the tranquility of the flat, the serenity of a few moments with a cup of tea before Rosie would get up or Sherlock returned. Next to his spot at the table, he found the newspaper folded open to the editorial page, a letter circled and waiting for him to read. The entire spread was a special section, completely filled up with thank you notes to people or businesses, expressing appreciation and attempting to highlight the positives, the hope, the good life lessons.
"I think we already have things to keep us busy. For now, my job, a passion for healthcare. Still the occasional adrenaline fix. You have the violin, your deduction website. Ash studies, perhaps. I'm not completely sold on your idea to eventually raise bees. Although the honey might be nice." John chuckled. "So do
"She caught me off guard. I didn't want to upset her. It wasn't anything to do with ..." he gestured between them. "I mean, we haven't ... I don't know ... I didn't want to assume you ..."
Dawn realises that he feels ganged up on, and is the one who manages to reach him by telling him the opposite. "You can also stay, if you want. That's fine, you know." Her pause is intentional, gentle. "But consider what is the wisest choice. What's best."
On quiet feet he headed upstairs first. A quick pop of his head into Rosie's doorway - sleeping, stuffed doll on her pillow, blankets all tangled - before checking Sameer's room. His bed, made up crisply - John's influence, obviously - was devoid and empty.
John can feel the fatigue running through him, takes another bite and a drink, as Dr. Benson sits down. "I know." John cuts to the chase. "Have you seen this particular combination of problems?"
And not "risking" the vaccine - trust me, if you get really sick, I guarantee you'll be willing to "risk" some of the treatments when you can't breathe.
Without a hesitation, nonplussed, she studied the monitor again, pressing a few buttons to view the trends, the alarms, his history of blood pressures since being admitted. "So you're still in atrial fibrillation. It's a common problem, where the upper and lower chambers of the heart --"
He says nothing, and John can see that he is working to breathe, the energy expended on not only hospital discharge but then the bloody, endless steps to get into their flat. He resists the urge to turn up the liter flow on the oxygen, knowing that Sherlock will compensate as he rests.
Small torch on the edge of the counter, recently used for a neuro check. Bed gone, oxygen paraphernalia missing, obviously Sherlock is still wearing it, the ventilator untouched where he had last seen it so still breathing on his own. The detachable piece of the monitor gone, obviously in use. Rob's clipboard, report sheet, his stethoscope with his name engraved on the earpiece draped over the table, thrown there in a presumably hasty departure. The lights are all still on, done obviously so that there was no question about what they were looking at, to make sure there was enough wakeful stimuli for Sherlock. The doors and the curtain remain pushed open, allowing for easier access.
In something of a grumbly but not over-annoyed mood, he sighed in somewhat mock annoyance, rose from the table, and slinked away.
"Oh I'm listening. It doesn't change things. And you need to listen, too, to sound medical advice. Your health, your mind, Sherlock, is too precious to risk it."
"Shh. Getting upset and fussing at me doesn't help. Just shut up and breathe, yeah?" John's words are spoken bluntly, carefully, intentionally.
They are in a small conference room, where staff will come shortly to complete the intake process, at the exclusive rehabilitation centre. It is not the first time but the visit is quite different from admissions of long ago. The first time, the client was in his twenties. This time, his mid thirties. Old enough to know better. Young enough to repeat an unlearned mistake of his youth.
Mycroft's office was nearly always available if John arrived, with or without accompaniment, and the secretary barely moved, simply smiled before tilting her head toward the open door.
." And within a few minutes they were exploring the fountain again, and a while later one of Mycroft's staff brought out a football and a couple of yard games for the children. Sameer and the two boys descended upon the tray of food that was set down on one of the wrought iron tables. Sameer was in no time drawn into a small-scale football game with all the children, Rosie tagging along and having a grand time. John and the two Holmes' passed the time very enjoyably with the other adults. The family, they found, was considering relocating for business reasons to London for a few years, and had come to visit, check out the area, and meet a few people before making their decision. He was a research scientist with enough scholarly English to engage with Sherlock on quite a few matters that Sherlock interacted with quite voraciously. John found the man's wife with some medical training, and in between conversation, they watched as the children had an enthusiastic good time. They vacillated between English and Dari, and John noted that Sameer did some translating for them, helping with words and making special efforts to be sure Rosie felt included. It was impressive, John noted, that Sameer could effortlessly switch back and forth between the languages, almost as if he didn't need to even think about it. Perhaps, John reasoned, he didn't.
It is not Rob the nurse, not Kathy the intensivist, and not Sherlock. He listens intently, disconnects quickly, calls the number Mycroft had left, and is dressed and on the kerb in approximately four minutes stomping his foot at the slowness of whatever branch of hell Mycroft has hired. In his mind, he replays the scant information.
A sidelong glance confirmed Sherlock was still resting on his back, comfortable, wrists free, relaxed, eyes closed. From the closet where he'd stashed it, John withdrew what he'd placed there, held it close to him, and in a few steps he was standing near Sherlock's knees. He opened the weighted blanket, spreading it fleece side down. He let it touch the bed below where Sherlock's feet were, holding it not too easily in his hand. To draw out the sensations, he let it first touch down just past Sherlock's ankles, watching his reactions carefully. First he noticed that Sherlock wriggled his feet, just a little, puzzling at the sensation, the unexpectedness of the weight, the grounding and centering it elicited. John studied his face, wondering if he would again need to be reminded to keep his eyes closed.
"Why bother with all of that. Why not just speak up about it, come clean from the beginning, just bloody tell me what you're up to."
"I remember being in a bad place, too." Sherlock had slowed down, too, and was watching and waiting for John to continue. "It was just ... dark, for a time."
"I know," John breathed, making a conscious decision to embrace the moment as he raised his hand to Sherlock's face, guiding their lips toward each other. "Long ago, I would have asked you what's the worst thing that could happen." He kissed, then licked, then nipped very slightly at Sherlock's bowed upper lip. "But now I'm afraid that your answer would be unthinkable. And unhelpful."
of pounds. But the price he quoted us was ... clearly reduced, intentional, a ... choice. It's like he wanted us to have it. It sits in the bedroom - our bedroom. I absolutely love it.
Sherlock's huff sounded a little resigned, and John thought that just perhaps he might be listening.
There was also the reassuring sense of hunger, of hope, of ... literal hunger. With a small smile, he considered the tasks in front of him, did a mental inventory of his barren cabinets in the tiny kitchenette of his dingy flat. A quick run to the shop then, and he would find something to simmer as he pondered Ella's suggestion, and his homework, the journal entry she'd requested. Into a basket went some scarce ingredients, a small package of meat, pasta, spices, and he was nearly finished at the store when he caught sight of a person trying hard to blend in - and there was some faint unease, a niggling suspicion of caution.
While she is occupied, John wonders if knowing exactly what is going on is helpful or a hindrance, better or worse, fear-inspiring or fear-allaying. He supposes, as he sees her stand, wash her hands, wipe down her equipment, that it doesn't much matter. Either way, there are worries, just of a different variety. His worries are higher-level, complicated. But worries are worries. Her smile is kind, and he stands up as she addresses him again. "So I'll catch up with you in a few hours. Answer all your questions, and we'll work on a plan going forward. Further procedures if needed. Anticoagulants and all the rest of it. But the TEE first. And then we'll know."
"He's got about another hour before there's threat of a straight cath. Bladder scanned for just under four-hundred last check." Rob comes up to pat Sherlock on the shoulder, and he shows Sherlock the bottle then hands it to John. "No problem, but seriously, maybe try again to pee, okay? You'll be more comfortable." With a few fingers, he turns on the water in the sink for the sound association. "I can help if you'd --"
His heart rate escalates in momentary panic, and although he knows the truth - this is necessary and safe - he thinks about calling a halt, about stopping this, about demanding that they wait, and he opens his eyes to do just that. Except that he looks sharply into steady eyes of the clinician, reassuring him, breathing out words like it's okay, you're okay, you're safe. The anaesthesiologist nods in understanding and empathy. Under the mask, John nods back just slightly, feeling the tug and pull of unconsciousness pricking at his elbows, the back of his head, as the chemicals nudge his resisting mind toward unconsciousness. John knows it is not a battle he will win, and he does remember from med school that calm induction definitely helps with calm emergence later. His choice, to a degree.
A burst of laughter came from Mrs. Hudson, knowing that John's aversion and Rosie's quest for that particular food item were inversely proportional and quite vehement - and in opposition. "I don't think so dear." Although Mrs. Hudson made a face at the suggestion, she tapped at the book. "I think we're going to choose something from here, go shopping, and then we're all going to fix it together." Rosie wrinkled up her nose. "Doesn't that sound like fun?"
By all means, grab the extra long charging cable if you're headed to the hospital. Outlets are almost never convenient, although newer patient beds have a USB port built right into the siderail.
"Not mine," although his tone told another tale, and before John could call him on that, he amended, "Well, not for a stupid reason like this anyway."
"Piss off," John teased back. "This is about Sameer wanting to do something for us, and it would be terribly mean of you to ruin it for him."
A few days previously, John had indeed triaged a patient by phone and then had related the back-story about the uni student he'd sent to the A&E who was sleep deprived, malnourished, run-down, over-extended, and had contracted some sort of viral illness. They had talked a bit about how people who were exhausted, overworked, with a sleep deficit were more prone to illness for a little bit when John had ended the call. "Yes. I think he's still in the hospital, but he's improving." Taking a sip of his water, John wondered at the question. "Did the story upset you?"
"Well the smoke managed to follow you back in." He raised a brow, disapproving. "Don't let it happen again. Particularly if you are requesting ...
John settles her in the crook of Sherlock's arm, grateful that the IV line is mostly out of her sight, and he begins to read to her, then suddenly turns the book upside down. Rosie hesitates only a moment before giggling and saying 'no' and inverting the book back to rightside up. He does it again, teasing her, and finally he gives an exaggerated sigh and begins to read it from the beginning. A few pages in, and she turns her head to look up at him. His words falter as she stares and her hand sneaks up over her head to catch a pudgy finger underneath the nasal cannula again and yanking at it. Grimacing, he catches her hand while John intervenes, fixing where the tubing has tugged halfway down Sherlock's ear and coming dislodged from his nose.
"Because you couldn't stop running your mouth when we met with Mrs. Hudson that first time, and it was my rescuing, my doing that salvaged the deal. She offered it to me ..."
The families had become more social by then, and that was when the man who'd made the suggestion to approach Sameer, observed from John's side, "Wow, he's a natural. If he's not playing in a kids football league, you might want to look into that."
"Oh, I think I can tell," he answered, his fingers lightly brushing over John's waist, his zipper, wrapping around to cup the back of his arse. "Let's take this ..."
"You know," John chuckled. "I don't think we're going to play an unending round of who's had the worse day, the hardest time here. And I'm not saying I'll win, either. Because clearly," and he indicated at Sherlock's frame then eased back in the bench, tried to lighten it up, smiling a little and hoping it came across as kind. "All any of us can do it go on from here, one day at a time, and --"
"Sameer," Sherlock began but stopped when he saw Sameer's shoulders tremble. He took a knee by the chair but didn't touch. "I know you want to stay, and that you're worried to leave." He hesitated, thinking that he was especially ill-equipped to deal with most adults let alone children who had deep-rooted fears. "But you can trust me that I'm going to take care of you." He made sure his words were clear and slowly spoken, pausing to make sure Sameer understood. "And we all need to trust the doctors and nurses to take care of papa. We're also going to trust papa to take good care of himself and rest and get stronger." Placing Sameer's shoes in front of him, he gestured that they should be put on, and he continued. "When we come back, it will only be for a little while longer and then we can bring papa home. Because that's the plan. And you know, I think Rosie will be glad to see all of us."
For all I used to tell patients to take one day at a time it's extremely hard to live there. I wonder about Rosie's day care and my job and how long I'm going to need to wear oxygen and what if I end up needing it long term? And on a humourous note about that, what if the oxygen becomes permanent and Sherlock decides to start smoking again? Baker Street and Mrs. Hudson and all of emergency services are going to be very unhappy about that combo.
Because even at their young ages when Sherlock's language skills could not have explained it, Mycroft could just take a look at him, and know. There may have been pleading, or anger, restless desperation, or annoyance, when he was just beyond vexed. He would nod, smile, perhaps frown just a bit, let his brother connect with him. It was calming. It was the relief of finally being understood.
"So you mean to tell me," Sherlock said, challenging, almost caustic in his disbelief, "that if someone comes in that is likely infected and they are going to ... I don't know, bleed out, you're actually going to take a minute, or two, and get your protective gear on first?"
Deciding to fatten him up when he gets the chance he asked: “Do you have anything you want to take with you?” Moriarty shook his head and with that the doctor took the papers and began to make his way back to the motel where he stayed. “Tonight, we will rest here. Tomorrow I will take you back to my home, there you will get your own room.”, he explained James, who looked at him curiously and at the same time distrustful.
As the man woke, he found himself in a bed and an unknown room. Rolling himself out of the bed and marveling the strange dream he had, he looked out of the window and promptly began to pinch himself. ‘I am still sleeping.’, was his thought, but as pinching himself did not help, he ran his hand through his hair and sighed deeply. ‘What happened?’, he asked himself and looked out again. Outside he could see a few trees and what looked like a city, but nothing that reminded him where he was.
Eyes widening the former solider looked at their hands and then to the alpha across him, then nodded: “Maybe.”
A few moments later John let go of James and patted his head: “Okay let’s eat.” Giving the boy his meal, they both began to eat. After eating the black-haired boy became sluggish and obliviously exhausted. Taking what’s left John carried the child to the bed and waited for him to fall asleep. After he was sure that Jim was secure, he too went to bed and fell quickly asleep.
Half an hour later he stood before a small house. From the outside it looked like a small, cozy hut, perfect for a single mother and her child, but the doctor knew that the coin always has to sides. Hesitantly a made his way to the door and raised his arm: ‘Gosh, am I really doing this?’, he asked himself unsure. A loud noise from the inside brought him back to reality and the small whimpers that could be heard, decided his fate.
Fifteen years ago, his dad decided to adopt him, despite only being 18 years old. Fifteen years ago, his father rescued him from a future full of pain and darkness. Since then he got to know his dad and learned a lot about him, not everything, which annoys him a little bit, since he normally can read people without thinking about it. In all this time his father never dated or went out just to get a ‘leg over’. When asked about it, his father told him that there was someone he couldn’t forget and going on a date would fell like cheating and betrayal.
In his dream he watched his friend fall again and again, the whole time the ex-soldier was torn between cursing Moriarty and – strangely enough – pitying him. In his opinion nobody was born evil but got corrupted through life. And to become such a dark person something horrible had to happen – at least that’s what John thought. “Even then, Moriarty could have chosen a different way.”, the doctor argued with himself. “But what if he did not know how? If the only methods he was taught where the dark ones?”, told he himself. In the end he resigned himself to watching his friend die all over again, while he stood on the pavement and could not move. “If I only could change the past.”, he said in his dream, while he watched his friend descend to earth. “You could.”, a voice suddenly told him, and the blond man jumped and turned his head towards the voice. There was only darkness, curled around him.
“What are you doing? Is this some kind of game between the two of you?” “No. I want you. And Jim told me that this feeling is requited.” John began to blush and tried to get out of the ropes again: “Sherlock we can’t. I’m twelve years older then you. And not just that. What would your parents say?” The curly-haired man bended down and began to kiss the neck of the bound man, who unconsciously drew his head back to offer more to the young man straddling him. “I don’t care what they say, or anyone else. I don’t care that you are older than me. I only care about you. Please John. Don’t reject me. Don’t reject us, only for something little as a few numbers.”
But now there was Mary, she was the person who stood by Johns side and shared his bed. Mary, the woman and alpha who John planned to mate and marry. The itch to take his trusted 7 percent solution and forget was highly present. It was the reminder of what the omegas reaction to this would be, that he chooses not to.
With that he took off to the location in Ireland. After he arrived, he noted that was a relatively big town, nearly a small city, with enough people to go unnoticed as a drug addict with a child, but small enough to be not too expensive. John went to the nearest motel and rented himself a room, for a few days, not knowing how long he would need for his mission. He took his luggage into his motel room and fished out a slip of paper. The ex-solider read the address again and began to search, after an hour he admitted defeat and asked a local for directions.
As he reached his room, he noticed that he didn’t think this through as he didn’t have any clothes for the child or something to eat. With a sigh he put the boy in the bathtub and wanted to wash him. Jim however began to struggle and even to bite him, which caused the ex-solider to let the toddler go. “Okay. I won’t wash you. But can you clean yourself?”, he tried to compromise. Again, he received a distrustful look and finally a nod from the boy. “Good. Then I will get you something to wear and a hot meal.” Turning around he made his way to the luggage and began to rummage inside it. He found a small shirt and a towel, which he took to the door to the bathroom. Unsure how to proceed he knocked and said: “A shirt and a towel lay before the door. The shirt will most likely be to big for you, but I hadn’t thought about that before, so that’s all I can offer now. When we get back tomorrow, we can shop for a few things, but until the that will have to suffice. Now I will go get something to eat for you. Please don’t leave the room.”
“Okay.”, his friend nearly whispered, “I want him. Even if he is thirty-three and I’m twenty-one. No matter what others are saying or thinking. If you think I have a chance with him I want to try.” Happy with the decision of the brunet, Jim smiled: “Well then leave everything up to me. I have the perfect plan.” With that the aspiring detective huddled closer to his friend and listened to him explain his plan.
“So, you have no girlfriend? Or a boyfriend, which would completely okay.”, asked the omega uncomfortably. “I know that it is okay and no.” “Okay.” “Okay?”, Sherlock asked amused, which caused the omega to blush. Deciding to take his chance the alpha boldly put his hand over Johns and looks him deep into the eyes. The breath of the doctor begins to fall out in uneven breaths and the flush on his skin gets even deeper. Hiding his smirk, the curly haired man said: “But maybe that will change.”
“Afghanistan or Irak?.”, which caused John to look at him surprised and Mike to grin. “Afghanistan.”, the former solider recovered, “I think you will make a suitable roommate” “Mike did you tell him about me?” “Not a word, mate.”, told the still grinning man. Sherlock huffed: “That Mike brought you here, just after I mentioned that I needed a roommate, can only lead to one solution. Now, if you excuse me, I think I left my riding crop in the pathology.” The alpha positioned himself to the door, intending to go, just waiting for: “And that’s is?” Hiding his smile, he turned back to the doctor. “What else could there be?” “We don’t know a thing about each other and now I shall just follow you to your flat?” Yes, there it was. His strong solider, ready to attack, ready to defend. “Your posture and hair cut suggests military. The tan doesn’t reach under your hem, means you were in a sunny place, but not for holiday. Obliviously shot in action, meaning Afghanistan or Irak. The fact that you forgot about your wound as you reached me your phone, means that it is physiological, so you have a psychiatrist. Mike Stamford knows you, so you most likely studied with him, meaning you were an army doctor.”
John doesn't miss a beat. "Take it and pretend." When Sherlock does unenthusiastically comply, John pats at Rosie and sends her back on her way over to where she's been playing. "Activity also helps keep things moving, and lord knows this is the least active you've probably ever been. And it's been ten days, going on two weeks now that you've been less active, almost stuck in either a bed or a chair?" He opts not to even address other measures or medications, but stops there. "Have a glass of water. And we'll go for a little walk."
Sherlock raises their clasped hands, all four now together, the rings again in close proximity. He places a slow, tender, heartfelt, reverent kiss on the jumble of intertwined fingers. "Welcome
He wants to remind them to be careful, to pay attention, to watch out for signs of discomfort so that Sherlock isn't laying there somewhat sedated and still having acute pain. He wants to remind them about a lot of things, actually. One of the secretaries finally notices him and offers to show him to the waiting room, which is in the adjacent room he'd been in, good grief, he thinks, was that just last night? When John hesitates, her smile is kind. "They'll take good care of him. And I'll let you know how it's going. This is Holmes, yes, from ICU?" She barely waits for John to nod before continuing, "Oh, yeah, the surgeon is here waiting on the films. I'm pretty sure he wanted to talk to you. Have a seat there and I'll make sure someone comes out."
Mycroft watches the secure streaming not only because he can, but because he wants to. He could have insisted on attending in person but had chosen not to. Not yet. A moment of whimsy, an idea, and he picks up his mobile, composes a message.
"I dunno, favours I suppose. Maybe you could pick up cab fare one of these times. Or buy milk. Straightening up the flat." Sherlock was getting bored, so John changed angles, dug deeper. "That's what partners do, I guess. Ask for and return favours. Are you going to ask me to warm up your cold feet? Share the covers? Or something more personal, like say goodnight with a --"
Underneath Sherlock's words was the edge of something more - a touch of anxiety, worry, and John softened up. "No worries. I'll buy milk and all the rest. Continue to clean up after you." John pressed forward, in for a penny and all that, seizing the moment. "I'd probably warm up your feet and share the covers if you asked." The tension in the room had changed from fear to ... something else. Something intense and unspoken, not really addressed ever, since they'd skirted around it at dinner so long ago at Angelos. While John would have dearly loved to continue the conversation, he knew that here, with concerns about health overshadowing things, was not the time to delve much deeper. "You're going to be fine, you know."
Only to be awakened what seemed like a few minutes later by Rosie's sounds in the morning, her day beginning as usual, her night having been everything - restful, restorative, peaceful - John's was not.
"I'd like to hear from you, but that's up to you I guess." John wasn't about to beg. He reached down to pick up his duffel. "Be well, okay?"
"Have a seat," John said, a cool order, one that brooked no further discussion. Not that Sam was an arguing type. Sam sat. There was a bit of a staring match, Sam looking mostly horrified, a little embarrassed. John was hoping to wait him out, wondering at the explanation and mildly concerned, more than the fact that something had happened, but that Sam was hiding something, that he hadn't felt safe enough to share whatever it was with them.
The next morning, he woke up and looked to the other bed, where the still sleeping James laid. Feeling relieved the man began to prepare for the day, seeing that the boy was still resting, he quickly made his way to get breakfast. After getting back he saw that his ‘son’ had woken and gotten himself another of his shirts. Not minding he took out and offered the fresh breakfast. Grateful the boy took the offered food and began to eat.
By the time the night sky begins to lighten up and the first rays of sunshine begin to make his way through the city, he feels fatigued and falls into a restless sleep. The alpha tossed and turned, his whole body feeling constricted and tight. As he wakes, he feels horrible, not sure why he reaches for his phone, hoping that a call to his doctor would help him. The moment he has his phone in his hands he notices something strange. It was his old model, the one who should have shattered on the ground as he descended to earth. Confused he took it and tried to unlock it, only to gasp at the date which the display showed. It was two days before he would meet John for the first time.
“What?”, the ex-solider tried but the voice began to speak again, “You could change the past, if you really wanted to. But if you do that there would be consequences. The biggest one would be that you never could come back to your original timeline. You will live and die in another timeline and the John Hamish Watson that exits now, would never exist. But you could save a lot of people if you chose to.” The last sentence convinced John and he didn’t say anything else then: “Yes.” With a last “Good. So be it.”, the darkness overwhelmed him, and the doctor knew no more.
One of the guys shrugged, began to extend his, then there was indistinguishable murmuring, and he frowned. "I'll dial. What number?"
"Do you deserve one?" It was John's turn to blink, brow furrowed, trying to figure out the motivation of the question. "Because if you do, I could see if Mycroft could get involved, find out who it's going to be, and get it changed to you if need be."
"I'll be in touch. Let me talk to him, and perhaps we'll get together for dinner. I think he'll be willing. But let me explain things to him a little, let him get used to the idea." Sherlock, silent, ascended the stairs, and by the time John had finished speaking and the translator had done his bit, he was standing next to them. "I will let you know."
A huff of annoyance. "I don't want him - or Molly for that matter - thinking they're getting away with anything."
Sherlock is nowhere in sight. The creak of the house, the sound of the wind outside, the unfamiliarity remind John that he isn't in London. That they aren't in London.
Mrs. Hudson had been more than willing to keep an eye on the kids that day when he'd asked, a simple and vague text message he'd sent while at the hospital. It was not uncommon anyway, and she was waiting for him in the sitting room. Rosie was already in her pyjamas, curled up on their not-housekeeper-but-more-than-landlady's lap, holding her blanket and listening to Mrs. Hudson read a book to her. Sameer was working on a jigsaw puzzle, one of the more challenging ones that he and John worked on together each night. At two-thousand pieces, it was going to take them a while.
John leans down close, and although Sherlock is definitely awake and alert, he is not quite himself to be certain, and deeper, more informative and explorative conversation is going to have to wait anyway. "Have them call me, if you want me to come back. Any reason at all."
"Chicken," Sameer said quickly. "Lamb's better but it's too expensive." His smile was sweet, and a cloud darkened his features as he realised what he'd said. "Chicken, if it's not too much?"
The insomnia had grown to epic proportions, the middle of the night being an endless, interminable pit of torture. Even thinking about trying to lie down, to close his eyes, to rest, ended up with his mind whirling and his heart racing. In bed, it was worse: his head ached, his shoulder throbbed, and he rolled over again. And again. And again. Pillow adjustment, covers off, covers on, slow deep breathing, counting bloody sheep, guided imagery seemed pointless in that nothing helped, nothing worked. Flip, flip, flip. Sigh, swallow. Deeper sigh.
(a behaviour not only learned but absorbed from Sherlock of course), he does actually think that a few minutes away from the interminable waiting is not a bad idea. And of course, to spend a few minutes with Rosie. Consulting his mobile for the time, he realises that even if they started the second Sherlock was taken back, he still had probably close to an hour before there was any news. "I will notify you immediately with any update." Mycroft waggles his mobile, touches a button.
She closed her eyes briefly, for only a second, then simply watched the candles burn. "No." She leaned back in the chair. "Gross."
"That sounds okay to me. Sherlock?" John asks. He has joined them at the table and is holding Rosie. Unsurprisingly, Sherlock only shrugs. "And provided things are okay this morning, I think we'll be good on our own tonight." John feels more than a little nervous himself, given how ill Sherlock had been, but he is also anxious to have the flat back to just themselves again.
Not all of the marks he'd ever put on Sherlock's body pleased him. Not by a long shot. And although he was at peace with his actions now, that wasn't always the case; he'd spent long months wrestling with regret. There had been one evening a very long time ago, under cover of darkness in the night, after both were sated but neither sleepy enough to fall asleep. John's fingers had traced over the small, round, white, healed bullet scar.
The A&E physician sees the stretcher round the bed, staff attending, working efficiently yet still racing the clock. He compartmentalises because that is what he does, what he needs to do, and considers the backlog of patients still waiting, waiting longer because of the acuity of this last patient. A few computer clicks and he brings up the patient record looking for next of kin. There hadn't been a spare moment to do it before now. "I'm Dr. Franco from UCL. I'm looking to speak with Mr. Mycroft Holmes please?"
"It's frustrating they didn't find a cause." Indeed, Sherlock's lab work, thyroid studies, had all been in normal ranges. "And I know you want to blame the cigarettes."
And it had started very slowly. Back in the days when Sameer didn't even realise what kind of a relationship they were in.
"I didn't mean to hijack your morning, here," she gestured again at their table, at Rosie's tower of blocks. "And I didn't mean to imply that I wasn't grateful that the final patient left the hospital that day either."
"I said we would go pick it out together. And accessories." John spoke quickly, keeping his voice low enough that the children wouldn't hear them. Though they weren't paying them a lick of attention. "You agreed."
Had the circumstance been different, John would have reacted more to the disclosure. "Holmes... so, that would be your ... uncle I'm working for?"
He forced a quiet breath, not looking to react disproportionately. "As I already said, I'm sorry this happened. But god almighty, Sherlock, take a breath. You're back in regular rhythm. You're home. You're recovering. This is ... temporary."
"You wish," Rosie murmured, teasing. "I rescued us all." And then her giggle echoed inside the blanket fort. "Or, I guess I should say, as you wish, right papa?"
Lydia grins, smiles broadly, affirms Rosie's action, and makes a 'go away' gesture with her fingers in John's direction as she settles Rosie on her lap. They all agree that him leaving when it works for Rosie is a good thing, so John doesn't say anything further.
"Piss off," he said, his voice too quiet to be specifically audible over the street noise, and he began walking himself, the opposite direction of the way the car was driving. The time required to turn around would buy him his escape.
From the bed, "John?" Sherlock's voice was muffled and raspy, a far cry from the usual smooth speech.
For John, it was pulling the pin out of the grenade, lobbing it over, and then abandoning him to his own inability to pick up the figurative pieces. Because he felt utterly ... destroyed by it. He was lost.
TW:  dark themes, dark thoughts, thinking about suicide.  Please proceed carefully if these may be upsetting for you.  But I do promise you that it will be okay, they will be okay, and there are times for all of us that it is out of the dark places that hope begins to sprout.
He has only gone a couple of blocks when he feels his steps become disconnected. His vision changes, closing in around the edges, his feet extraordinarily heavy.
"I'm looking for John Watson." Their eye connection held just a moment, neither reacting immediately, sizing the other up. The visitor was notably cool, stoic, business-like. "
"Because you like that," Sherlock said quietly, his eyes watching the ministrations of John's hand, of his caress, of the restoration to normalcy.
"One of the admins is helping, soliciting and recruiting, scheduling the meal deliveries and such." Quickly, she explained that she'd considered a different role but that this seemed more suited to her, something she really wanted to tackle. Something that would lift their spirits, caring for caregivers. "So she's arranging much of it and we're making sure everything is divided up for all shifts, that it's as equitable and fair as we can manage." She cast a careful eye at the room, smiling. “There’s several weeks already taken, and more on the way.”
- one encrypted mobile phone, all GPS and tracking services discreetly enabled, latest model, with all accessories (replacing one damaged in personal service to my family) and keeping his former number, which has already been provided.
There were smiles, and John regained his equilibrium. "Truthfully," he explained, "not a lot else is going to change I reckon."
Mycroft apparently flew up for a quick visit, bought Sherlock dinner which he probably didn't eat and he got something for the nurses in the unit. He is the one that brought the tablet so I could see Rosie over Skype or whatever. I don't really remember him being there.
A young lad, dark haired, stood opposite them. He was serious and alone, unusual for the hour and location.
"I know." John had bent down, his lips opening, his mouth wide so that he could press into the curve of Sherlock's waist, sucking firmly, enough to leave a transient mark. He could feel both in his face and in the arm that held Sherlock in place, the quiver and shake of Sherlock's muscles working, holding, spending their energy, holding himself up. The burn would intensify as John drew it out carefully, never too long, just perfectly
He couldn't get the words, the thoughts, the news out of his mind. There'd been a text message, a group text, sent by a former army buddy. It was meant to be benign, informative, an FYI type of thing. Probably for everyone else, it was exactly that. The sad breaking of news.
