Dean sidled up next to Cas and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, flicking the other man’s hand off his friend. “This guy bothering you?” he asked, eyeing the other man up and down.
“No. Good luck, pal.” Dean gave him a pat on the back on his way to the cupboard to grab an extra plate for Cas.
“You seem rather nonchalant about it,” Sam explained.
“Kissing. I like kissing.” He slid back onto the couch and latched his mouth onto Cas’s collarbone.
“I’d like that.”
“The guy’s scum, and Cas is too drunk to see that right now.”
“We had some things to do,” Dean answered vaguely. He strolled past the other man into the kitchen to grab a beer. He handed a cola to Jack.
“That one with the abusive father who punched you in the face?”
“Dean, Lisa, this is Fergus. Fergus, this is my roommate and his girlfriend.” Cas was just short of slurring his words.
Sam couldn’t help but laugh. Cas put a hand on his shoulder. “Dean, I don’t think it’s wise to go after three witches for an ill-fated date.”
Dean pushed himself up from the table. “Alright, let me grab my…” He paused. “You know what? You guys go ahead. You can handle this without me.”
Cas smiled lovingly. “I’ll come with you.” He followed Dean down the hall to his bedroom. “Dean, is something wrong? You seem troubled, more so than usual.”
She rolled her eyes. “No, silly, to live.”
“Hey, it wasn’t great being inside either, kid.” Dean took a large gulp of his beer.
“Yeah, you sound real happy right now!”
Sam sat back. “Yeah sure. That must be it.” His sarcasm went unnoticed.
“We knocked over a lamp last night,” he explained simply.
Later that night, Dean slammed the door to the motel room as he barged in. “Freaking witches!”
“Drink up. I want to see you on that mechanical bull by the end of the night,” Dean teased.
“Dean…”
“Good. Now that he’s gone, we need to—” Dean was cut off by Cas shoving him out of the room and slamming the door shut. “Fine, we’ll talk about this in the morning!”
“Really?” Jack called out from behind Cas’s bedroom door.
“Castiel is a big boy. He can take care of himself,” she reasoned.
“Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine.”
“I’d really miss you,” Dean admitted.
It wasn’t until they were both about to die that he found the courage to ask. Locked in the storage room, hiding from Billie, Dean looked up at his angel with tears in his eyes.
“Dean…”
“Dean.” Dean took his hand.
Cas opened his mouth to say something but couldn’t get any words out. He grabbed the beer from Dean’s hand and took a swig. “Jack, can you go into my room? Dean and I need to talk.”
“Professor Bradshaw?”
“He’s very charismatic when he wants to be,” Cas reasoned.
Manny Skerritt
“It’s alright, Cas,” Jack assured him. “Dean even let me drive!”
Sam rolled his eyes and turned his attention back to his computer. “Jody’s contact isn’t going to be here for another hour.”
By the time Cas had finished talking to Kelly, Lisa was at the door, and his opportunity to clear the air was gone.
Dean shook his head. “You know what? Nevermind. Can I get you a beer?” He reached down into the cooler beside him, popped open a bottle, and slid it across the map table to Cas.
“We’ll get him back,” Jack said gently. The hopeful smile he gave Dean reminded him so much of Cas that it ached. Dean remembered a time when he could only see Lucifer in Jack’s face; now all he could see was Cas.
“It wouldn’t be for two people,” she commented.
“I looked at apartments today, and I think you might really like a couple of them. I want it to feel like home for you. I also picked up some pamphlets for places you could volunteer at.”
“About what?”
“Dean…”
Dean nodded and made his way toward the tree. “I don’t know what it is, Sammy. Every guy I’m into just doesn’t seem to work out.”
Dean turned to his brother. “See? Winchester charm works every time. Don’t wait up.” He downed his whiskey and followed Alexis out the bar.
Dean laughed. “You do have a very distinctive voice.”
“Dean, I appreciate that, but the kind of comfort I’m looking for, you can’t offer,” Cas said, glancing over at Lisa.
Dean leaned in and brushed his lips lightly against Cas’s. His fingers danced along the other man’s thighs before they were caught in a strong, confident grasp. Cas pulled him in, kissing him more firmly, more sure than Dean had been.
Dean picked up a pair of pants that had landed by the door and threw them at Crowley. “I said get out!”
“I’m going to that interview,” he replied, shuffling around nervously in the kitchen.
The man in question looked up from his office desk. “Yes?”
“Ex-girlfriend,” Dean corrected. “I broke up with her tonight.” He could see Jack shudder again from the corner of his eye.
“No, Cas, there’s nothing wrong with the house… at least I hope not.” He took a deep breath. “I was thinking about buying the house.”
“Gross, dude.”
“I look better across a bed,” Dean purred out.
“The nurse is grabbing my discharge paperwork now.”
Cas stared down at him wide-eyed. He pointed at the door. “Dean, we’re about to die! Of course I’m not happy!”
“It’s my apartment too. I don’t want him here,” Dean argued. He couldn’t avoid Cas’s stare; looking at the rest of his naked body was off-limits.
Cas rubbed his temple. “I’ve been trying to… nevermind. Dean, you’ve spent the entire day ignoring my calls, and now you just drop this on me. It’s a lot to take in.”
Dean stood and held out his hand to Cas, pulling him up and leading him into his bedroom.
Dean nodded, not trusting his own voice. He leaned in to kiss his angel but yelped as he was shoved back onto the ground. He watched in horror as Billie broke through the door, and both she and Cas were sucked into the black ooze of the Empty.
“Oh.” Dean didn’t know how to respond to that. He always thought he’d do anything for his friend but never considered what “anything” meant.
Cas froze, his bottle midway to his mouth. “Oh.” He paused. “Is being me an important part of a successful relationship?”
“My friends call me Crowley,” the man said with what sounded like a Scottish accent.
“I’m pretty sure I’ll need something stronger than that,” Cas muttered dryly.
“Yeah, he said that all these guys I’ve been dating haven’t worked out because of one reason.”
“You want to get drunk and forget, I’ll support that. We’ve got whiskey and beer here.” Dean motioned to their fridge.
“So I was going down on him…”
Cas shrugged. “Because I’m not enough for you.” He looked back at the door, Billie’s pounding becoming more insistent.
Cas laughed. “He wasn’t THAT bad.”
The angel put down his beer and shifted to smile directly at Dean. “I thought you’d never ask.”
At the end of class, Dean pulled Sam to the side and whispered, “Go grab yourself a smoothie across the street. I’ll come find you in a little bit.”
“No, Dean.”
“Have an ass that won’t quit? I can’t wait to find out what he’s hiding under that frumpy sweater.”
Jack sat down beside him. “Are you saying you love Cas but can’t be IN love with Cas because he lacks the proper reproductive organs?”
An arm fell over Dean’s shoulder. He clutched it close to his heart. “No.”
Sam sighed. “We just have to get past security and find the cursed object before it gets on the plane.”
After a quiet pause, the door creaked open, and Dean was greeted by the sight of two naked men. Crowley was on all fours on the bed with a very clear handprint on his butt cheek, while Cas stood at the doorway, condom in hand. Dean kept his gaze up, avoiding a very prominent body part.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek. “Alright. Have a good night.”
Dean huffed. “What?”
Dean and Lisa were lounging on the couch together, casually scrolling through their respective phones.
“Wanna check out the hotel bar while we wait?”
Sam and Cas looked over at him from the small dining table. Sam placed his burger down gently onto a napkin. “Dude, what happened to your date?”
Dean promised himself things were going to be different. If… when he got Cas back from the Empty, he was going to put him first above everything else.
When he reappeared, he found Sam waiting for him in the food court.
“Cas, I have to know something. Why aren’t you happy?”
Cas nodded and slipped a bookmark between the pages. “Me too. I thought a lot about what happened last night.” He paused. “Why don’t you go first?”
“What? I’m not undressing for you!” Dean scoffed.
“You don’t love your best friend?”
“What’s there to think about? I spend most nights here with you anyways.”
“Sure. I’ll make the coffee.” An awkward silence loomed as they finished preparing breakfast. Cas finally spoke as they sat down. “So… I thought you were okay with me bringing home guys. You made a whole fuss about it being my home as well.”
Cas looked around the room curiously. “How’s what hanging?”
“Zeppelin is best played as loud as possible,” he told the kid. “Keep the door closed too. Thanks!” He pulled the door shut and turned his attention back to Cas. “Now, where were we?”
Lisa took in the exchange between the two. “What happened Saturday night?” Dean opened his mouth and shut it immediately, unsure of how to answer her question.
But all that was before they’d gotten together, before he watched in horror as Amara kidnapped and tortured Lucifer in Cas’s vessel, before he’d jealously watched Mick fucking Davies flirt with his angel, before Cas professed his love as he was dying in a barn. Even then, Cas didn’t think he was enough for Dean. The realization made him sick to his stomach.
Dean gave Sam a thumbs up before disappearing into the room.
“Marry me.”
“What I’m trying to say is that you’re dating these guys who look like Cas, hoping they’ll also be like Cas, but they’re not. There’s only one person out there who will look like Cas, act like Cas, and love you like Cas.”
“The only thing he said might be real are witches but more in the pagan nature-worshipping hippie sense than the evil magic bitches we’re used to.”
“He’s my best friend. Of course I love him, but it’s not like that.”
Cas’s face gradually lit up until it was shining as brightly as the sun. “Okay. Let’s do it!”
Dean apologized in Purgatory. He prayed like his life depended on it. He had lost too many people. He wasn’t going to lose Cas as well. It didn’t matter; he was going to lose him anyway. He watched as Cas prepared himself to take the Mark of Cain. Luckily, or unluckily, their plan never came to fruition.
“Yeah.” Dean gave him his signature side smirk. “I wanted to get a head start, so you wouldn’t have to worry about things.”
“Can you believe him? I just saved him from a whole lot of regret, and that’s how he thanks me!” He paused, finally realizing she was about to leave. “Where are you going?”
Dean pointed at Crowley. “You, get dressed, and get out. You,” he pointed at Cas, “we need to talk.”
Sam shifted in his seat. “Do you ever think that there’s a pattern to the guys you hit on?”
“He’s got the personality of a grapefruit,” Dean countered. “You would have been strong enough to take care of the situation yourself, you know?”
“‘Hello, Dean,’” Dean imitated in his best gravelly voice.
She nodded. “I understand. At least think about it, okay?”
“You deserve so much better than that guy could ever offer,” Dean said, hoping it didn’t sound too sappy. “Hell, you deserve better than most people could ever offer.”
“Because marriage changes nothing. Because neither of us are alive in the eyes of the law. Because I haven’t even been back from the dead for 24 hours. Because you’re scared I’m going to leave again. Because you’re not asking for the right reasons.”
Another officer approached him. “Do you want to do this out here or in private?”
Jeremy Bradshaw
“Maybe you’re looking too much at the physical aspects.”
Dean pushed himself back upright. “Marry me,” he repeated.
“I don’t sound like that!” Cas argued. He brought the bags of food to the couch and took a seat next to Lisa.
“Your girlfriend…”
He led the angel from the Impala, down a sidewalk, and up a small set of steps. He fumbled with a set of keys and guided Cas through a doorway.
Cas groaned. “The one with the mechanical bull?” He sounded less than enthused.
“Hold that thought,” he told the man beneath him, placing one more kiss on his lips.
“I ran into my ex, Michael,” Cas told her. “Then Dean made me realize how much I’ve grown as a person since then and that I have to keep moving forward. So this interview is my way forward.”
“Good for you, Cas! I’m so happy for you!” Lisa squealed. She pushed herself away from the counter to give Cas a hug.
Cas pushed him away playfully. “Dean, I am not having sex with you while my nephew is staying with us.” The way that he was panting seemed to contradict his words, but Dean wasn’t going to argue.
“No. The witches were friendly. They helped gank the demons trying to mind meld with Eric.” He turned the contents of the bag out onto the bed. “Where the hell are my witch-killing bullets?”
Several hours later, he came home with a smarmy man who made Dean’s skin crawl as soon as he walked through the door.
“That’s not…” Dean threw a hand up to silence him.
“Ah!” Cas cried out. Dean heard the smack of something against skin.
“Why not? What if you happen to be my entire life?”
Cas nodded. “Yeah.”
“I’m not going to let him take advantage of my friend!” Dean hissed.
“Oh.” Dean nodded slowly. “That’s, uh, something to think about.”
“Hunters and Men of Letters live in the bunker. I’m retiring.” He held his hands open at the big reveal.
“I didn’t realize you were here with someone. I’m Michael.” The man held his hand out for Dean to shake, but Dean left it hanging.
“Is it bad that the restaurant recognized my voice and knew our order already?” Cas asked as he dropped everything unceremoniously onto the dining table.
“Anything for you, Cas.”
Cas shook his head. “You’ve tried this before with Lisa. It drove you crazy.”
“Don’t you think this is the next eventual step in our relationship?” she questioned. She sat up and turned to him, eyes boring into him.
“Oh, hello. I’m Jack.” The teen stood straight up and gave a little wave. He tilted his head to the side in Castiel-fashion with a frown. “You forgot I was going to be here.”
“And I don’t know anything about guy-on-guy stuff, but I’m willing to learn. I mean, I kissed you last week, and that wasn’t bad. It was pretty amazing, actually. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it.”
“Lisa is out with her friends, so I want to go out with mine.” Dean paused. “That didn’t sound right.”
Dean scowled at him. “Why would I joke about a hook up being stabbed?”
Cas came tumbling in with his briefcase and two paper bags with grease shining through.
Dean shrugged. “He actually thought I was someone else, some government asset dude named Alec.” He wiped himself off with a towel. “Anyways, we didn’t get very far. When the feds showed up, I got the hell out of there.”
“You want to see weak?” Dean pulled back his fist, ready to launch it at Michael, but Cas held his elbow in place.
“How many times do I have to repeat myself?” Dean slowed his words, making sure Cas understood each syllable. “I want to grow old with you.”
“Oh?” Cas raised an eyebrow, and Dean knew he shouldn’t find that bemused look so adorable.
“That man gave me the worst case of blue balls I’ve ever had in my life!” he hissed while adjusting himself.
“You’ll do great!” Lisa said before heading into the bathroom.
Dean cut him off. “Yes I do! You weren’t happy with me! All this time, you weren’t truly happy!” He didn’t know when he had started crying, but now that it had started, the tears wouldn’t stop coming.
The man peered over his glasses to see the screen. “Well, one of these looks like the Wampanoag symbol for water. Other parts of it look Japanese. It’s hard to find a unifying trait. Is this related to the cult?”
Cas glared at him with intense blue eyes. “You don’t get to have a say in this.”
“Shut up, Sammy. I was talking to, um…”
Sam gave his brother a sad smile. “Well, what’s the issue? Why isn’t he happy?”
“Dean?” Sam clicked on a light and was shocked to see the state of his brother. “Is that blood?”
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to say it like that. He’s gay, but I’m straight.”
“What?”
“Yeah, that was the first place we went,” Dean confirmed. “Bobby knew a guy. He said he’d start me out part-time, and we’d see how it went from there.”
Dean grinned. “I love that kid.” He looked back up. “Now earmuffs, kid. Your dad and I have to christen the new house!”
Sam looked up as someone entered the room. Eileen signed something to him behind Dean. Sam nodded and turned his attention back to his brother. “Eileen found a case. Vamps nest in Tennessee. Let’s go.”
“You are so weird,” Dean commented, shaking his head fondly.
“Awesome.” Dean laid back in his seat as he settled on a rerun of Star Trek.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Let’s go out tonight!” Dean said the next night, clapping his hands together.
“I was hoping we could talk.”
Dean rolled his eyes. He threw his hands up. “You’re asking that like it’s a tough decision. And if we hate it, we can move back into the bunker, but whatever happens, we’ll do it together.”
Cas laughed. “Really.”
“I know, Dean. I would have to relocate.” Cas searched his face for an answer to an unasked question.
Dean sighed. “I don’t know, Lisa.”
“Looking good, Cas!” Lisa commented as she watched Dean pour batter into a pan. “What’s the occasion?”
Of course, that was the moment Cas’s cell phone decided to ring. Dean just had that kind of luck.
The following morning, Cas was dressed in a nicer suit than his usual coat, tie, and trench coat.
“Yeah.” He led Cas to the stairs and settled against the railing. “No more putting myself in harm’s way. No more trying to save everyone. No more ridiculous deals that just come back to bite me in the ass.”
“Yeah, sure,” she replied absently.
Dean nodded playfully. “You’re right. It’s actually not a bad taste.”
“They’re not you.”
Cas shook his head. “I don’t think so.” He stood and grabbed his keys, shoving them in the pocket of his trench coat. “I’ll be fine,” he reiterated.
“Yeah. Was there anything you wanted to add?” Cas questioned.
“No, it didn’t,” Cas laughed. “How about that place across from the diner? We can grab dinner there first.”
“Really?” Sam asked, uninterested.
“Freaking witches happened!” Dean dug through his duffel bag furiously. “Witches and mind-sucking demons!”
“Thanks.” Cas tipped the neck of the bottle toward him before taking a drink.
They remained sitting in silence for a moment before a thought hit Dean.
“Sammy, you gotta help me!” Dean whispered desperately. It was hard dating a celestial being with supernatural hearing.
Cas squinted. “Why? We live in the bunker.”
Dean popped up and ran into his room. He reappeared with a Walkman and a pair of headphones. He knocked on Cas’s door and shoved the items into Jack’s hands when he opened the door.
Manny grinned and ambled over behind him. He placed his hands on Dean’s hips. “Why don’t we start with a downward dog?”
“Dude, what’s wrong?” Dean asked with concern.
Cas squinted at him but shook away what he was about to say. “Come on.” He tugged Fergus’s hand. “My room is this way.”
Cas’s head popped up from the book. “Yeah?”
“Us?” Cas spoke slowly, hoping Dean would understand. “No, I’m moving to Dodge City, not you. Your life is here. Your job…”
He reached over and flipped through the pictures on her phone. He whistled when the rent caught his eye. “That’s expensive for a one-bedroom!”
Michael shook his head. “You can’t seriously believe that you’re happy with this guy?”
Dean gestured for him to speak, not trusting his own words at the moment.
“Are you kidding me?”
Dean let himself be led to the bed. They sat down side-by-side, knees nestled against each other. “I just don’t know how to prove it to you.”
Dean moaned against Cas’s mouth, and his friend took that opportunity to explore his mouth with his tongue. “God,” Dean thought, “he’s good at that.” A spark of jealousy flared at the idea that other men had a chance to experience this before he did. He wanted nothing more than to erase the memory of Benny and Crowley and fucking Michael from Cas’s brain. Dean pushed him back against the couch, taking charge. He kissed the other man needily, nipping at his bottom lip until he heard Cas whimper loudly.
Professor Bradshaw smiled shyly at him. “I’d like that.”
“What about Sam? And Jack?” Cas’s eyes were still trying to process the house.
“I’ll just watch over you.”
“You two keep saying that, but it’s obviously not. Talk to him. Work it out. Then call me.”
“But doesn’t he…”
“Shame,” Crowley said as he got dressed. “I quite wanted to see how that pretty angel face would look debauched.”
“But you would have Lisa here to take my place,” Cas stated.
Castiel
“Cas?” Dean whispered out into an empty room.
The man leaned against the doorframe and grinned at Dean. “Yeah. I can’t wait.”
“You talked about how you want to move forward with your life, and I do too. I want to move forward together.”
“You dressed me up in ridiculous outfits,” Cas added jokingly. Dean let out a small chuckle against Cas’s neck where his head was buried. “Dean, do you really think I would have stayed with you through all that if I weren’t happy with you?”
Sam raised an eyebrow. “You sure?”
“My roommate is moving in with her boyfriend.”
Dean shook his head. “No, this past year. You haven’t been truly happy. I know about your deal with the Empty.”
“This is stupid, Sammy.” Dean tugged uncomfortably at his shorts.
Cas frowned, his lips drawing into a pout. “No, you’re not. Dean, this isn’t funny.”
Dean and Jack chatted happily as they returned to the apartment that night. Cas pounced on them the minute they walked through the door.
“Fergus?” Dean scoffed at the name.
“Hot? Yeah.”
“No, I’m not, Dean,” Cas said with a heavy sigh. “Sam is. I accepted long ago that you would always put your brother ahead of everything else in this world, above me and your own wellbeing.” Dean started to protest, but Cas cut him off. “It’s okay. I’m content with what we have.”
“The way he talks about you, I just assumed you two loved each other.” Jack shrugged as he shoved a handful of cereal and marshmallows into his mouth.
“So, Cas,” Lisa started. She clicked into her phone and held up the pictures of the apartment. Dean nudged her with his foot when he saw the screen, but she continued. “What do you think of this place?”
“Oooh, sounds like someone’s jealous.”
“Who was hard to find on such short notice, but we managed to find a couple of good options.”
“Yeah, but this has been my home for years. I don’t know if I’m ready to give it up.”
“He wasn’t that bad,” Cas murmured unconvincingly.
“Well,” Dean held out a finger as he listed out reasons, “one, my lease isn’t up yet. Two, if you see too much of me, you might get sick of me. And three, Cas. We’ve lived together for three years. I can’t just leave him here by himself.”
“I’m not even finished with my first one,” Cas protested.
By the time he returned, someone else had taken his place beside Cas, leaning against the bar counter and uncomfortably close to his friend. The man was whispering something into Cas’s ear, rubbing his arm as he did so. By the looks of it, Cas was not welcoming the attention.
“Yeah, me too,” Dean agreed before his brain could stop him. He cleared his throat and changed the subject. “Thanks for getting dinner, man.”
Cas smiled brightly at Dean. “Dean is the best man I know. He restored my faith in humanity after you tore it apart.”
“I wasn’t, but Saturday night changed things.”
“But what?”
It was two weeks after Dean had caught Cas in bed with Benny before his roommate decided to bring home another man.
“I don’t want to talk about it. I just want to go out, find a liquor store, and drink it.”
Cas pulled the cloth down and took in his surroundings. “Why did we break into this house? Is there a ghost? Cursed object?” He spun around, trying to sense any impending danger.
“You let him drive your car?” Cas couldn’t believe it.
“Cas is on his way home and wants to know if he should pick up dinner,” Dean said, looking up from his device. “Should I tell him the burger place?”
The image of Cas holding a baby Jack warmed Dean’s heart. “He’s a great guy.”
“Nice to meet you Dean, and I would love to see how you look across my bed.”
“Home. You and Cas obviously have a lot to talk about in the morning. I don’t want to get in the way.” She grabbed her purse and walked over to Dean. “Let me know when you two figure all this out.”
“What? What the hell does that mean?” Dean looked to Sam for answers. All he received in return was a shrug.
“Yeah.” His hand instinctively went to the cheek where the bruise had long since healed. “I saw them at the soup kitchen yesterday.” Dean dropped his fork and sat back, indicating he was ready to listen. “It’s like I took them out of one bad situation just to drop them into another. I want to help people, Dean, and all I seem to do is make things worse.”
“Dodge City,” Jack said as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
Jack gave Dean an encouraging thumbs up before disappearing into Cas’s room. Cas led the way into the living room with Dean following cautiously behind him. Cas sat down on the couch, and Dean took a seat beside him. When their knees touched, Cas scooted over in reflex.
“Dean, you’re rambling.” Cas continued to look around. “What is all this?”
They heard a thud against Cas’s door, and Dean hovered above his seat, being pulled back by Lisa.
Dean leaned in. “Well, Professor, why don’t I take you out to dinner tonight, and you can tell me all about the interesting occurrences around here?”
He leaned in close. “You’re a good person, Cas,” Dean whispered.
Sam watched as Dean shivered at the sound of the man’s Serbian accent. “I couldn’t help but notice you from across the bar.”
The boy shrugged. “It happens.” He clapped his hands together. “Now, Sam has an idea regarding Chuck.”
Cas stood up, ready for action. “Do you need help?”
Dean shook his head. “No, idiot. I’m in love with you!”
“Open this fucking door right now!” he ordered.
It had been exactly 14 hours and 37 minutes since they kissed, and they hadn’t talked about it. Dean knew this because he had laid awake all night watching the minutes tick by on the clock. Now it was morning, and Cas was just sitting at the table, drinking coffee and reading his book like nothing happened.
He was halfway through his smoothie when Dean slumped into the seat across from him.
“Listen, Cas…”
Alexis Drazen
“That’s not the first time I’ve heard that,” he joked. “I’ll be right back.” He gestured towards the restrooms.
“I do love him, but…” Dean trailed off.
“Dean,” Sam said carefully, “I know you’re trying to save Cas, but there’s a bigger problem at hand right now - Chuck.”
“You do make a very valid point,” he replied, slipping a hand under her shirt.
“Cas, honey, that’s not the right way to cope with things,” Lisa interjected.
Sam pointed at a tree twenty yards from them. “I think there are some more symbols over there.”
“Man, we need to stay in these nicer hotels more often!” Dean plopped down on the bed and moaned. “It’s like laying on a cloud!”
Later, after Jack and Sam had found him, Dean sat silently in the library, staring at his hands. He thought back through all the times he had put Sam’s happiness above Cas’s. He had acquiesced to Sam’s request that he live an apple pie life with Lisa, abandoning Cas in his war in heaven. He’d let Cas take on Sam’s mental trauma and left him in a psych ward with a demon. He’d kicked a newly human Cas out of the bunker at the behest of the angel possessing his brother. Plus, how many times had Cas died trying to protect them?
“Cas,” Dean started, raising himself up off the floor to face his lover. He took Cas’s hands into his own. “I’m sorry if I ever made you feel like you’re second to Sam. Maybe that was true in the past, but it’s not true now. I know we’re about to die, but there is no one else I’d rather spend my last few minutes with than you.”
“No problem. The waitress gave me her number again. I don’t have the heart to tell her I’m gay.” Cas looked down at his burger in remorse. “But these burgers are worth it. They make me very happy.” His lips curled up into a smile after his first bite.
“Cas is a sweetheart. He’ll find another roommate in no time, which means he’ll still be here for the remainder of the lease.”
“Yeah, his dad’s a coma patient here. We got to talking by the coffee machine, and now I’ve got a hot date tonight!” Dean plopped into the chair next to the hospital bed and started flicking through channels on the TV. He patted the cast on Sam’s arm. “I’ll drop you off at the motel and get you set up with dinner first. When did they say they’re releasing you?”
“You’ve moved on with this plebeian?”
“I had a bad feeling about him, and I was trying to protect you. I’m not going to feel guilty about that,” Dean stated matter-of-factly.
“Ah, that explains the noise.” Dean turned back to the pan. “Want some eggs?”
“You know,” she said, deepening the kiss, “if we lived together, we could do this without worrying about a roommate walking in on us.” Her hand travelled south, rubbing against Dean’s groin.
“Okay, here goes.” Dean rubbed his sweaty palms on his jeans. He took a deep breath and let it out. “I love you.”
“Dean! I got the job! I can’t believe it! I’m going to see if Naomi will let me leave early so we can celebrate!” Dean couldn’t help but smile at the happiness in Cas’s voice even though the thought of Cas leaving felt like a punch in the gut.
“Do you see me laughing? I was talking to Jack this morning, and he made me realize that I don’t want to live without you.” Dean looked down at his hands, too nervous to meet Cas’s eyes.
“Of course I do!”
“See,” Dean said, turning around in his seat to look at the rest of the restaurant. “This isn’t so bad.”
“Babe, it’s fine,” he tried to assure her.
“Then there was the realtor,” Jack continued, adding another finger.
Enjoy!
I walked back in the room and sat down on the bed.
Another thank you to my beta reader: Kalaswana Mukherjee / The_Darkness_Eater and dun_leer_ee.
I could perceive bribes of a conversation among the murmurs.
When I was able to move, I went to the bathroom to water my face. It did strictly nothing. I still felt as if my skin was burning up.
I heard Dean sigh.
I only had the strength to open my eyes. I was sitting down in a chair. I felt myself going back and forth on it.
Enjoy!
All mistakes are mine.
“Of course…  but being asleep for a couple of years did not help me. I took too long to recognise the voice inside, and the Grace literally screaming for help” So, the voice, that what it was? My… Grace? “But I remembered! I remembered a brother who was compassionate as ever even when suffering immense pain. I wonder how this dear brother of mine ended up in such a state. The BMoL certainly did a number on him.”
I was in a forest, chasing some werewolf when I was tackled to the ground by a giant black wolf. The same one that we have seen in the ruins of the Elysian Hotel. I quickly reached for my gun. I fired.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It could be, that guy isn’t actually joking when he plays trickster with you. He made Sammy go through me dying a hundred times… And he hurt Baby’s tires.”
Bonus Scene:
After what appears to be an hour later, the tattoo was fading and when it disappeared, the skin looks scarred at that place. And I felt it… I felt my Grace going back, taking its rightful place within my vessel. I groaned a little, of course, it had not to be without pain.
“No, not yet. Might as well do it. That may be the key.”
I had to admit, the Trickster was good at hiding. But I’m one the best hunters of the British Men of Letters, that’s why they chose me for the difficult task of hunting the supernatural in the States.
“Not really. He’s one of the few angels that had the power of one Archangel. Even Castiel, being powerful as he is wouldn’t be able to reach that level and he is one of the youngest. Though… don’t forget Cassie is a Seraph.” Did Father upgrade him? “This brother of mine flew Heaven some time after the old man fleeing I don’t where. He saved a father from murdering his child once.”
I will stay alone with my thoughts for a while then. No! My body felt weak, yes. But not my mind. I will resist whatever tricks was played upon me. Next time I see the trickster, I won’t hesitate as I did the other times.
“In a sense, yes. It is thanks to me that it is able to speak. Remember when I used my true voice?”
But what hit the wolf was water.
Both comments and kudos are appreciated! :D
“Only one way to know, Doctor.”
“I don’t even know… I found him in his room. He was on the ground.” Was that Mick’s voice?
Monsters won’t stay asleep forever, Mick. In the meantime, I shall go back to my room and put myself back into shape for the day.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He sounds even more distressed when he says that.”
Another thank you to both my beta readers: Kalaswana Mukherjee / The_Darkness_Eater and dun_leer_ee.
“Mr Ketch?”
Enjoy!
What was…? There were some light blue streams going up my throat to the small cut.
“And what about the children at Kendricks Academy?” And all Gabriel answered was that he would take care of them. We have no news of him yet.
“Remember what he said about hidden Grace or something?”
The voice said something. I was only able to hear the end.
“When was it? When did you break that “wall”?”
“Hello to you too, Dean-o!”
“I don’t know… like I told you last time I came to see you, something was wrong with him but I didn’t know why. He just wanted to go after Gabriel.”
Where was I? This was not my room. And this was certainly not the compound. It was a dark place. The floor was hard and cold. There wasn’t a sound except for the murmurs of some men and a scream. A scream which I had already heard. The voice, the distress in it… I already heard it.
“Oh, hello, English one! Before one of you ask -because I can feel the questions… What I did was to break a solid wall the British Men of Letters put in him. To keep his memory away.”
So, taking down the BMoL was a difficult task but we managed it. We wanted to take down the part that has settled in America and we did it. Gabriel actually went further.
“Now… I heard this voice a long time ago.”
Both comments and kudos are appreciated! :D
Enjoy!
Speaking of living in the bunker, we have a new inhabitant now: Jack, Lucifer’s Nephilim. Fortunately, the kid has inherited from his mother’s side but was still in need of learning how to control his powers. The kid was curious, he wanted to learn. I could give him that. And Castiel was taking great care of him. Jack mostly came to me so I could tell him stories about Heaven.
“That’s highly probable, Moose.”
I was openly sobbing. I didn’t know my own name, my true name. I couldn’t remember it…
“Dean! That’s not the moment! Why was he looking for Gabriel?”
“Well, Sam, the sigil is the thing that keeps his grace “under control” if you know what I mean.”
Both comments and kudos are appreciated! :D
Of course, I had to find the Trickster when I least expected it. And during a hunt. Well, two birds, one stone as they say.
“Do what you have to do.”
“Shut up, Samantha, Zadkiel is right, you’re totally a lady with that shiny hair.”
“One more good reason.”
I was still in the dark but it didn’t make the noise less frightening. A door -surely made of some heavy metal from the sound of it- was opened. A body was getting pulled out violently. There was the sound of a bone -maybe several- being broken.
All mistakes are mine.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not really the moment, guys. Gabriel, Mr Ketch is… well… not Mr Ketch… apparently.” I’ll give him an E for effort, Sam tried at least.
Both comments and kudos are appreciated! :D
(See the end of the chapter for
“Difficult to say, love. One thing is sure is that the British Men of Letters won’t be for much longer. I can promise that.”
Enjoy!
I also saw Mary again. Telling her the truth was easier than I previously thought but she was keeping her distance.
I opened my mouth to speak but no word came out of it.
Both comments and kudos are appreciated! :D
I wish to fly again.
I felt a sudden burning pain around both my wrists as if a rope was getting tightened around them. It was not dark anymore. Only light. So much light I was blinded by it. My body was numb but I could feel projections of liquids… I could still feel my skin boiling.
“That’s also going to be difficult. But you’ll have my help, boys.”
“An Arch… angel?” Even in that situation had to sound curious and hesitant.
That was also the time I laugh for the first time since I remembered. But there is still a lot to be done: I can’t just forget what happened. My vessel still behaved as though it was fully human. I was still having nightmares when I happen to sleep. I still felt the pain, especially when it came to my wings. Gabriel could only heal the “superficial” wounds.
Both comments and kudos are appreciated! :D
“You shall be safe to remember now.” I tried again. But all I could think was the memory that first came to me… that scene of torture that had me coming back to myself.
When the morning, all the muscles of y body were sore. And at the same time, I was feeling numb.
“Well, aside from the fact that I’m not a “lady”...”
Enjoy!
“You should be fine now, brother.”
“And as for well… As for him, what should we do? And if his name is not Arthur Ketch, what is it?”
In this chapter, you will find an artwork by
Living in the bunker also allowed me to solve a mystery. Even though I heard words back when I was in a state of shock, I still had to be sure about what I heard.
Another thank you to my beta reader: dun_leer_ee.
Gabriel went to join the other three, standing beside them. I looked at them. I still had tears in my eyes but I remembered my name now. I was…
I saw Gabriel giving him a gentle smile. And as gently, he asked me if I remembered my name now that my Grace was coming back. I shook my head.
Dean must have given a look to Sam because what followed was:
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, your lover?” and Mick, who has his back turned, jumped.
I briefly saw Mick looking at Sam and Dean before looking back at me.
“Now...” He took my right hand. I saw his eye glowing bright blue. I felt the skin on my hand burning. But this time, it was a good kind of burning. It didn’t really hurt.
I looked at my reflection in the eye.
That’s was one of the funny things with Mick: he was still startled by angels appearing out of nowhere. So, me managing to surprise Mick in the kitchen that day wasn’t actually a surprise.
“You think I care where the not-so-dead Trickster is?”
When I came across Mick, I said nothing. I was standing in the middle of the office, staring in the empty/emptiness.
“He looks like he is in shock.” No shit, Sam, I’ve just remembered that I was tortured and transform into a monster killing his own/his kind. Because that what I was, that was what they made me… My own kind… they made me look for them, torture them, kill them… This was a world I was supposed to protect and cherish as per our Father’s wish. They made me the entire contrary of who I was… they transformed the angel of compassion, mercy and forgiveness into… that. I… The other me didn’t ask questions whether the creatures and other supernatural beings were truly or not... The other me took pleasure in watching people suffering… The other me didn’t have any forgiveness: if someone had committed a mistake, any mistake, even the most trivial one, this mistake should be punished. But I remember… I was…
The wolf went next to me to play with his bone. I sat up but didn’t do anything to make further movement.
I saw Mick jumped… not used to angels appearing out of nowhere that one. It actually made laugh a little. But the laugh did not appear on my face and it sounded sad even though it was my head.
“Are you sure of what you’re doing? It could be a trap.” Was I in the bunker?
I was living in the bunker at the moment. I was not physically participating in hunts, I was only looking for them.
“If your boyfriend wanted to join us, he could have just asked,” Crowley quipped.
“They were friendly up until one of them took off with my date!”
Dean pulled out his phone to check his messages. There was a voicemail from Cas.
“Well, I was hoping you would show me.”
Dean crossed his arms and scowled. “Fine. Don’t marry me!”
“Shoes and belts off, gentlemen,” an officer called out from behind the counter.
“I should know something by Friday.” Cas rubbed his hands together in anticipation.
“What are you so giddy about?” Sam asked as Dean bounced excitedly into his hospital room. He nodded to the coffee in his brother’s hand. “How many of those did you have?”
Then there was Lisa to think about. His girlfriend. His girlfriend who was ready to take the next step of moving in together. His girlfriend who had no idea he had kissed someone else last night. Sure, he could play it off that he was just helping a friend fend off an ex, but Dean wasn’t certain that was all it was. He needed to talk to Cas, and if Cas wasn’t going to bring it up, he would.
Lisa giggled. “‘Hello, Dean,’” she tried as well.
Sam raised an eyebrow. “Eric?”
“Still creepy.”
He gently nudged Dean out of the way. “Michael, I have moved on, and I’ve changed. I’m not the same man who would follow you blindly no matter how much you hurt me.”
He walked her to the door and turned around to face a quiet apartment. He stopped at Cas’s door but stopped himself from knocking, deciding to wait until morning.
“This is me choosing us, our happiness over everything else. I don’t want to die in my forties fighting some vamps in an abandoned barn in the middle of nowhere.”
“You’re a really good friend, Dean.” He didn’t know why, but the words made Dean sick to his stomach. He forced a smile back at his friend.
He staggered back into the living room to find Lisa putting on her coat.
“I just want to make you happy!” Dean cried.
“I love you too, Dean. You’re my best friend.”
Dean was up first, frying some eggs for breakfast. He heard some shuffling behind him and turned to see Cas dropping broken shards of ceramic into the trash.
“Already got that part-time gig,” Dean assured him.
Dean shoved him back. “You don’t get to talk to him. You lost that right a long time ago. He’s moved on to much greener pastures.”
“I’m thinking a big screen TV over there. There’s a yard outside for you to garden or watch the bees or whatever and a garage for Baby. There's a little patio outside where I can grill burgers every Sunday. There’s a mechanic job open at a place not too far from here. You could get a job at the Gas-N-Sip again or maybe the library, you know, when you’re not busy in heaven. And…”
“Why don’t you go call Sam,” he said, but didn’t take his eyes off Castiel.
Castiel watches Dean move around the bunker, always busy with one thing or another. He cleans the kitchen, washes the Impala, takes inventory in the dungeon. It's clear that Dean is avoiding him.
He continued to clean off the feathers, and was just considering going to get a washcloth when Cas stirred.
Cas must not hear his return, because he looks lost in thought, fingers brushing over some of the carvings in the table.
“Oh no,” Cas said. There was a series of muffled curses and clanging pots.
Dean was not listening. He was focused on the email he needed to write.
Dean lets him have his space for two days before he breaks.
When she leaves him at the gate, she smiles and says, “Two down, one to go.”
And then, just as suddenly as it had started, the light faded and Cas was Cas again. He stood unsteadily in the grass, completely buck naked. Dean blinked at the two enormous black wings that sprouted from Cas’ shoulder blades. As he watched, Cas stumbled and fell to his knees, and that spurred Dean forward.
Dean sat on a folding chair a little ways away from his group as the sky turned black. Sam and Eileen were cozied up on a blanket near the fire escape, not far from where Donna was entertaining middle school P. E. teacher Jody Mills’ daughter, Alex. Dean watched with amusement as the toddler took a few stumbling steps before Donna lifted her into a spin.
Later, when Castiel has a chance to sit down and enjoy his doughnut, he notices the phone number written on the brown bag along with a note:
“Dean.”
Dean’s mouth goes dry.
“Cas!” he answered, frantically trying to direct the conversation anywhere but that feather. “I hope you’re not calling to say you accidentally burned down your brother’s house.”
It would've been easier if he'd said what he wanted to say the moment Cas got back. Now it feels like every passing minute is another minute too late, and the words are harder to reach. Maybe it will just be better that way, to not rock the boat, to not say anything at all.
Halloween was on a Sunday this year, so Dean had his students dress up for a party on Friday. He wore the same costume from last year, and Donna got Garth (who was dressed as the Wolfman) to take a photo of them in the decorated hallway after lunch.
Dean feels the words sink in.
"Are you sure?" Sam's voice crackles slightly over the speaker.
But first, he’s going to enjoy the view as he walks away.
"What did Cas say?"
He twisted the cap off another beer and directed his gaze upward as the first fireworks lit the sky. It may have been one beer too many, because Dean found his thoughts drifting to Cas again for the first time in… well, hours. It made no sense how much he missed him. They’d never even met- not really.
There was still an email from Cas in his inbox that he hadn’t had time to respond to that morning before class. He had intended to reply after class let out, but now he thought better of it.
“I’m sure you’ll- oh no.” Some true frustration bled into Cas’ voice. “I think you need to see this, Dean.”
"You're taller than I imagined," Dean said. Their eyes were almost level.
“Don’t you have better things to do?” Dean grumbles, tugging his shirt back into order.
Dean had what he wanted; he had Cas back. They lay collapsed on the dungeon floor, heaving for breath after the narrow escape from the Empty.
The glitter was a mistake.
“Game of Thrones tonight?” he asked.
, but Castiel heard it all the same.
The accompanying image showed one little white firework and a handful of red streaks crossing behind it.
Every day that passed brought him closer to summer break, and Cas would have no reason to talk to him anymore. It felt like this email was cutting their time together short by two weeks, a reminder that it was time to sever their connection.
Dean stared at the number- Cas’ personal cell number- that followed his brief message. His stomach did a familiar somersault, and continued the performance throughout the day until he found himself in an empty classroom once more.
He breathes deeply.
, Dean thought wildly,
Castiel nods because they have and everyone seems to have forgiven him. Everyone, that is, except for himself.
Sounds good.
Dean leaned in slowly and brushed their lips together. One of his hands swept through Cas’ hair and then down to hold his neck. Dean’s thumb brushed against his racing pulse.
In the next breath they were no longer in the small forest clearing-- they were in Dean’s bedroom at the bunker. Cas’ wing twitched out and knocked over his end table.
Castiel caught sight of a line of blood dripping from the witch’s hand. He’s stalling, Castiel realized. He barely had a moment to push Dean out of the way of the witch’s aim.
“I look forward to it,” Cas said, and he smiled.
"Not sure," Dean said. "I teach kindergarten so I only learned to count to one hundred."
"Dean," he says, when he finds him at the kitchen table with two disassembled shotguns in front of him.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “I own the place.” He taps his hand on the counter. “Charlie tells me you like our specialty doughnuts.”
He put it out of his mind and tried to enjoy his breakfast. And then, just to brighten his day, he teased Sam about his girlfriend all the way to the airport.
Dean tried to laugh it off, but that was cut short when Cas took another step into his personal space.
Dean cleared his throat. “Yeah. You should be.”
It was far from their last.
“I’m fine.”
Donna sat across from him and kicked her feet up onto the table. “It is if you’re doing it in March.”
He got to Cas just as he began to collapse further, and he let him fall back into his arms.
“I left my pack,” he said, “just yesterday.” His hands were wrapped tight around the coffee mug.
"We can be more than your imagination," Cas said. "We can be real. If that's something you want, too."
That didn’t keep Dean from lighting up every time he got an email notification, though. The guy was fun to talk to, he admitted somewhat reluctantly.
He continued to run his fingers over the wing Cas had stretched out to him, grateful for the distraction and the soft electric feeling that assured him Cas was alive.
“My pack was not so… lenient. And yesterday I found myself in need of a new arrangement.” He pulled the photo from his wallet. “My cousin, Jimmy, died.”
Then Charlie looked past him to the door and he heard the bell jingle. Expecting to see Benny had returned, Dean looked over his shoulder.
“Yeah, bye man.” Dean hung up and threw his phone to the other side of the couch.
At the table, Cas watched Dean over the rim of his mug. “Are we going to do that again?”
"Yes, he went alone, and you know what he did?"
“I can take care of this,” Castiel said, but he looked away from Dean feeling slightly embarrassed. “Only not right now.” To be honest even their brief conversation was taking its toll. And Dean’s face said he clearly knew that was the case.
“Tell Dean I miss him.”
“I love you,” he said, the words tearing out of his throat like a threat. Naturally, he thought, like all he knows is violence. He had no clue how to be the gentle, loving man Cas claimed he was.
Dean deepened the kiss, allowing himself to take everything Cas was willing to give. When they finally parted, it was reluctantly, each of them kissing whatever part of the other they could reach in between gasping breaths.
Dean wanted to be angry. Anger made things easy, simple in a way that things rarely were when it came to Cas. It didn’t leave any room for soft touches, quiet words, or that terrible feeling in his gut that screamed for him to grab Cas and never let go.
“Not a chance. It’s definitely worth the mess. Happy Valentine’s Day, Cas.”
His stomach flipped when he saw Cas’ name.
He squeezes Dean’s hand.
“Yeah, and I’d like to have those burgers for lunch not dinner.” Dean stacked the layers back together. “You don’t have to do them one at a time.” He put the knife back in Cas’ hand, but didn’t let go. “Use your other hand to hold the layers in place, and tuck in your fingertips so you don’t lose one.” He put his hand over Cas’ on the onion, and hooked his chin over his shoulder to see better.
Dean stared at the blank screen on his phone for a long moment before he remembered that he was supposed to be watching Dr. Sexy.
Dean laughs. “I’m sensing a pattern here, you must really like bacon.”
“Dean,” not-Castiel says again, and takes his hand. “I love you.”
The waitress came to take their order, eggs for Sam and a loaded bacon waffle for Dean. Sam leveled him with an unimpressed look.
Cas held out a second pair of mittens that were magenta and equally hideous.
In the driver’s side window he could just barely make out the reflection of a man with dark hair wearing a white collared shirt. Curiosity got the better of him and he tried to zoom in without any luck. The image became too pixelated to make out any details.
Dean meets his eyes. "Cas, I..." he falters.
Cas leaned against the counter. “That’s alright, I’ll wait with you.” He smiled, and Dean couldn’t help but do the same, but he would blame his flushed cheeks on the heat from the stove if anyone had asked.
Cas gives him a long, heated look up and down, and says in that direct way of his, “No.”
“Go build your burger,” Dean said. “I’ll bring these in a couple minutes when they’re done.”
He could try. For Cas, he could try.
“Cas… stay-- it’s… you gotta… lose you…”
He can’t muster up the energy to help.
The roof of Dean’s apartment building had the best view in town. It became a sort of tradition the past four years to gather up there with the other tenants for a casual party and cook out.
Dean sighed and rubbed a hand over his face without loosening his hold on Cas. In a moment it would become awkward, but Cas felt solid and warm in his arms and it only felt right. There was no tension in his body pressed against Dean, and he was pliant when Dean tugged him around so settle them more closely together. Close enough that Dean could feel the beat of his heart against his own.
. It was easier with Sam here acting as a sort of buffer, but he's been gone with Eileen for two days. Dean's not sure how much more he can take.
on the final feathers.
Dean watches as Cas methodically carves a C into a space just a couple of inches from his own. But then Cas stops, closes the knife, offers it to him.
A moment later Dean’s phone buzzed as a request to accept a video call popped up on the screen. His heart raced as he pressed “answer”.
Finally finished cleaning, Dean went to pack up his desk.
Dean squeezes not-Castiel’s hand and stares straight ahead and decides to fight for it.
He cleared his throat. “So, go ahead and drain some of the water out of that sauce and give it a taste.”
Two weeks passed. Eventually Donna cornered him in the teacher’s lounge and demanded that he come to her place for drinks and tv, and more importantly to tell her why he’d been walking around with a stick up his butt.
Only when Dean’s hands paused and he heard him take a shuddering breath did he crack open one eye to look at Dean. “You don’t have to do that,” he rasped.
Sam is making plans. Castiel knows this because Sam has tried to include him in the process.
With a shuddering breath, Cas grabs at the front of Dean's flannel and pulls him in to seal their lips together.
He didn’t bother to look up “Castiel Novak” on the school portal, just clicked on his email address and tried to type out a quick, simple email.
With monumental effort, Castiel sits up.
The wolf was sound asleep.
Cas’ face came back into frame. Dean wanted to smooth the crease between his eyebrows with his fingers, and also that untamed hair while he was at it. He repressed the feeling along with a sigh.
“I’ve never seen him before,” she said. “You don’t think he’s newly turned, do you?”
Dean looked at Cas' half-lidded eyes and chuckled. "No, I think we'll watch a movie instead."
Cas closed his eyes, his lips parted on a sigh. Dean felt him lean into his touch.
"He found Castiel and he asked him to come back to earth with him, because if Castiel let go of the last of his angel grace the Empty couldn't keep him there any longer."
Maybe that was just how they were meant to be, he thought bitterly. Never together. Never on the same page. One or both always having to miss the other. Most times when they were actually together Dean still felt like he was missing Cas. And here he was now, cradled in Dean’s arms but unconscious and in pain. The things that Dean wanted always came to him in the worst way imaginable.
Maybe it was a blessing in disguise, Dean thought bitterly, a reminder that he should start distancing himself.
Dean lets out a self-deprecating laugh. "If you still want me, that is."
Dean didn’t buy it for one second. “Yeah? Then why are these still out?” He reached forward to pat his hand against one silky black wing.
He's been waiting for everything to get back to normal. Or, as normal as things can get now that Cas is human. Dean's not gonna screw it up this time. That's what he keeps telling himself anyway.
Today when Castiel walks in from the light rain falling outside, there is a man without a name-tag behind the counter. It’s the middle of the (very) early morning rush and the man is busy blending two drinks and bagging a large order of pastries. He spots another familiar face, a barista named Donna, and he smiles when she raises her hand to wave.
Cas’ name and that damn adorable photo of him from Halloween filled the screen of Dean’s phone.
"Sounds like fun. Are you two coming?" she asked as they pulled on their coats.
“Cas?” Dean asks, and he takes Castiel’s hand after Gabriel winks and disappears. “You okay?”
Dean opens his eyes to see a guarded look on Cas' face.
"Can I help?" Cas asks hopefully.
Dean laughed, grateful when Cas continued to distract him.
Dean swallowed. “Yeah, Cas. All of it.” He tried to keep his voice light when he said, “I’m not going anywhere.”
to be ‘Onion & Cheddar w/Bacon’.
- Dean rolled his eyes -
His mind immediately went blank.
He had Cas back, but maybe… that wasn’t all he wanted. He’d been silent for too long, had let Cas go without telling him, without saying-
Dean gently pushed away the wing that was draped over his knees. He left as quietly as he could.
Sam groaned like he was starting to regret the decision to move home for summer break.
“Forget your keys?”
“Cas?” he said, ignoring the panic that was beginning to choke him. “Cas! Stay with me, man.” He wedged a hand beneath Cas’ wrist to touch his face and cursed at the ice cold skin he found there.
The scene changed as Cas left the kitchen and sat on a light gray couch. Dean looked curiously at what he could see in the small frame, but there wasn’t much to look at except for a white wall that was blank except for a thermostat. That was alright, though, since Dean would much rather study Cas’ face. There was a cleft in his chin. He wished he had a better phone so he could see more clearly. He wondered what details he was missing out on.
"Do you think we sound like that to our students?" Cas asked as Charlie Brown's teacher said "
He grinned at one of his cards that read: “Happy Valtine Day Mr. Dean!!” There was a drawing of a cheeseburger and a big heart around it, and the whole thing was drenched in glitter glue. Always happy for the opportunity to show off how cool his kids were, he took a photo of it and attached that to his response to Castiel.
But it definitely wasn’t Benny.
“How was the cheddar bacon?”
“No, no. I'm sorry I never did what I wanted to."
Sam went camping with Eileen, Donna retreated to a spa for a long weekend, and Cas’ emails didn’t stop.
And even though Castiel wanted to ask him to stay, his body felt too heavy and he struggled to keep his eyes open. He was asleep again before Dean left the room.
After a minute of hesitation he attached the image to an email and sent it to Castiel with the caption: “The glorious life of a kindergarten teacher.”
“No, not like that!” Dean rolled his eyes. He joined Cas at the counter and ignored his protests when he took the knife from his hand.
Distantly he realized the power surge from his grace had burned away his clothes. The wings weighed him down, and he collapsed back against something. No, not something-- someone. He was barely aware of Dean’s voice and was only able to process parts of what he said as Castiel fought to remain conscious.
Without Sam coming home, he should really revise his dinner menu. He mentally threw out his shopping list. Or, most of it. Nothing was going to keep him from making his grandmother Deanna’s pumpkin pie recipe.
"Alright sit tight, I'll see what I can find." Dean quickly throws the ground beef and beers into the fridge and hurries to gather what he needs.
“No,” Michael yells, and it’s strange to feel his mouth move when he’s not the one doing it.
Castiel doesn’t see the man again the rest of the week, but when he arrives early the next Monday morning Charlie greets him cheerfully.
Dean considered his options. “You’re welcome to stay the night, but we’ve got a spare room upstairs that’s probably a lot warmer.”
Dean leaned in to close the space between them. When their lips met all of the apprehension he had been clinging to for months melted away, replaced with joy and a new sense of contentment. This was good, he thought with sudden confidence, this was right.
He wants to protect Sammy, he wants to see his mother’s smile, he wants to drive the Impala far too fast down an abandoned road. And he wants Cas.
As Dean sat around the apartment that week he toyed with the idea of asking Cas to meet in person, but he couldn’t seem to work up the nerve. There was something about crossing the line from virtual to real life that set off alarms in his head. Things were going well as they were. Besides, Cas never mentioned wanting to meet up either.
Tomorrow was the last day of school, and he needed to say bye to Cas. They’d been emailing less the last couple of weeks, but Dean couldn’t stand to just let their conversation fizzle without any kind of closure. He read over what little he’d managed to write:
I would like that. What time?
"Well," Dean says, in for a penny and all that, "you're a Winchester, y'know." But when Cas smiles and it doesn't reach his eyes, he says, "I mean, if you wanna be. You can have my name. If you... want it." And he promptly shuts up.
Dean felt his face heat. "What?"
Cas answered after the first ring.
“Uh.” He cleared his throat. “Hey Cas. How’d you know it was me?”
And exhales into the dusty interior of the bunker’s library.
“You don’t like it? If I need to go kick Gabe’s ass, you just let me know.”
“Please don’t leave.” The words are soft, barely a whisper. As if Dean doesn’t want Cas to hear them, which is the opposite of the truth.
Like a coward.
Dean saved the photo to his phone. He’d trade his front row view to be wherever Cas was right now.
Before Dean left at the end of the day he took a photo of his example turkey, but left it on the whiteboard.
Dean realizes he's been staring. He quickly looks away from studying the cuffs of Cas' sweater and focuses on the page he's been trying to read for the last ten minutes.
“Definitely not now, bitch.”
Right now they still had some time to kill, so Dean pulled into a diner halfway to the airport and insisted on sharing one last meal.
I’m going to the tree lighting downtown tomorrow. It’s kinda lame, but maybe we could meet up if you’re not busy.
"It's okay, Cas, you can call it ugly." Dean laughed. "That's always been part of its charm. Besides, the real attraction is the food. Wanna grab a pretzel?"
Then Castiel is next in line and while Donna is busy plating a freshly toasted bagel, the man turns to take his order.
After a moment that seems to stretch on for days, Cas asks quietly, "Are you sure?"
“Oh crap, anyone we know?”
And not so very long ago, that also was difficult for Castiel to accept.
He feels the sudden burn of tears behind his eyes.
Any moment now he was going to move, to pull away and rest his friend gently in the grass, call Sam, hunt down that witch. Any moment now, he would let go.
“I love you,” Dean said again. He leaned forward to rest their foreheads together, gently, gently. He closed his eyes tight and tried not to overthink the words he needed to say. “You gotta know… I want you to know how much you mean to me.”
Happy Thanksgiving. Call you later?
Eventually, Cas shifted. He groaned faintly, and Dean set his jaw.
"Cas, where’d you go?" Dean skidded to a halt outside of the counselor's office. There was no sign of either of them. "Listen, it wasn't-"
“That’s a long time, Cas.”
Dean used a magnet to attach his completed turkey to the whiteboard for all the kids to see, and then wandered from table to table to help them all finish up.
So he stayed home, busied himself with chores and gave his baby a thorough tune up, and continued to trade emails with Cas about everything from the weather to books to the stress of coming up with a week-long lesson plan for the letter “Q”.
He finally found a wallet with no ID, but a credit card that said ‘Castiel Novak’.
and ain't that the truth when every time they're close they get torn apart.
“Yeah, I figured,” Dean said as they shook. He pointed towards the stairs. “I laid your coat out to dry, but the rest of your clothes were kind of a lost cause.” He pulled the mostly empty wallet out of his pocket and handed it over.
“Spill, Dean-o,” she said. “And I sure don’t mean the beer.”
“Just text him,” Sam said from where he sat next to Dean in the Impala. “I don’t get why you’re making such a big deal out of it.”
“Two.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Cas is just-”
“I don’t know how we’re going to get you home like this, man,” Dean said. Home would be safe, without the moon shining on his inky black wings and his bare skin that made Dean think of the bright grace that had filled the forest when Cas’ true form had shifted in and out of view. Home, where there were clothes and walls and distance and not Cas’ warm body and soft electric feathers that filled Dean’s senses and made it so hard for him to ignore what he wanted.
Sam groaned. “This is exactly why you haven’t been allowed to meet her.”
"All by himself?"
“I don’t deserve this.” Castiel’s voice is a quiet rumble. He almost wishes he had stayed silent or that Dean couldn’t make out his words.
He was there early, a habit that helped preserve his sanity. He used the quiet time to prep for the day and make sure that every time segment was planned down to the minute. Naturally, the plan would go straight to hell the moment the busses unloaded but it was good to be prepared anyway.
Because here they were, and in some other universe or some other context Dean’s heart would be full of something other than paralyzing fear.
“I love you,” he repeated. He never wanted to stop saying those words. He felt Cas shiver, they were so close now, breathing the same air.
“There’s nowhere I’d rather be,” Cas says, his voice thick with sleep, “you just had to ask.”
“You too. Let me know if you decide it was worth it,” he said, grinning.
When he got his hands back on the wings Cas moaned and clutched at his hips. Dean wasn’t faring much better himself, he felt like he was on the verge of sensory overload and he never wanted it to stop. Everything in that moment was Cas- and he’d wanted this for so long, to hold Cas in his arms. To really feel like Cas was there with him, all barriers stripped away.
He corners him in the hallway off the library. "Cas, you gotta let me in, man. I don't know what you're thinking."
Cas looks at him quizzically. "You're in a hurry."
Dean pauses to look at him, more closely thank he's done in the week since they got him back from the Empty. He takes in his tired eyes and hair still half damp from this morning's shower, and his blue jeans (Dean's) and sweater (Walmart's), and he can feel his throat start to close.
“Castiel?”
Dean lifted a hand to push it through Cas’ hair, and told himself that he was looking for any sign of injury. The soft hair whispered against his fingers and his heart clenched.
The shifter snarled. "You're not the first hunters to come after me, did you think I was stupid? I'll take care of you the same way I took-"
"You alright?" he asked, fingers skimming the wound under Cas' eye where he'd clearly been pistol-whipped.
His visits have become more frequent over the last few years, and each time it is more difficult to leave.
“Which terminal?” he asked instead of responding to Sam’s needling. He turned onto the road that would lead them in a loop around the airport.
“Yeah, man, we’re fine,” Dean says before a long pause. “Haven’t heard from you in a while.”
Dean thought it was obvious. He thought he was letting his actions speak for him. After all he was never very good with words, but for Cas he could try.
Cas sighed against his lips. His hands grabbed at Dean’s sides, trying to pull him closer. Dean went happily, moving one leg over Cas’ to settle on his lap, right there on the floor. Cas hummed and wrapped his arms around Dean.
Their handler really went all out.
Cas shakes his head. “You did what you had to-”
"You're welcome," Dean said and signed simultaneously, just like he and Cas had been practicing.
“No,” Dean said quickly, hating the way Cas sounded so hurt. “No, that’d be… that’d be good. We should do that. Sometime.”
He didn’t email Dean back.
Dean browsed the menu. “Would take me at least four days just to drive there and back.” He shuddered to remember how much that trip had cost him in gas. A kindergarten teacher’s salary only stretched so far.
“Live and learn, Cas,” he said.
He won’t say it here because he knows this isn’t real.
They’d make it to the memory foam mattress eventually.
Dean chuckled. “Logic has no place in the horror genre, Cas.”
He dropped to his knees as his grace seized. Someone was yelling, and for a terrifying moment he thought it was Dean until he registered the raw pain in his own throat. And then there was the sudden feeling of hands gripping his shoulders.
“I assumed I would be sharing Dean’s.” Based on what, he’s not sure.
"Stay away," the shifter said, holding a gun to Cas' temple.
Dean loaded the last plate into the dishwasher and leaned against the counter with a sigh. There was nothing more satisfying or exhausting than preparing a holiday meal. He congratulated himself on a job well done when he saw Sam, Eileen, and Cas sprawled on the couch and clearly on their way to a collective food coma.
He heard Cas yawn and imagined him cozy on that gray couch he’d glimpsed during their video call. Maybe he was wrapped in a blanket, or in a soft sweater like Dean was.
The grandpa chose his words carefully. "He kissed Castiel, to promise that his words were true, and he said, 'I love you. Please, come home.' And what do you think happened then?"
Dean lasts through another hour of silence before he pushes his chair away from the table and stands.
They settled in for a marathon that ended with Dean crashing on her couch and feeling very thankful that it was the weekend.
It had been a mistake last year, too, but he didn’t have the heart to say no when they asked for it. He snapped a photo of the carnage and sent it to Sam, who immediately responded with a laughing emoji. Looking for sympathy, he sent it to the teacher group chat instead and laughed when half of them responded with similar photos.
Dean had wanted to text him countless times. Yesterday at the store he saw a back-to-school display- outrageous for July 2nd- and snapped a photo. He only sent it to Donna, though.
Charlie winks at him and moves to the other register to take the next customer’s order.
Dean waved her thoughts away. “Too early for that. No, it’s gotta be something I did.”
He scrubbed his hands over his face, feeling like an asshole.
Castiel feels guilt settle heavy in his stomach. He waits until Sam is off on another date with Eileen before he tries to fix what he broke.
One of the baristas, Charlie, now knows him by sight and usually rings up his order before he even has a chance to say hello.
Castiel finds the strength. If he doesn’t do everything in his power to help Dean, how can he live with himself?
