“Cas....do you remember yesterday?” Dean asked, looking at him.
Dean looked at him briefly and shrugged. “Yeah there's something going on but I'm just not in the mood for all that. It's supposed to be big and stuff but whatever.”
Cas turns back to look at him with a closed off expression. “I assure you it has made perfect sense time and time again.”
“She looks like you,” Dean said, before realizing the somewhat ridiculous nature of the statement. “I mean, she is you-I mean not
Jane looks at her. Gazing into her eyes makes her feel like she’s making eye contact with a frightened deer. The thought comparison feels strange to her. She’s never even seen a deer up close.
He answers the call.
He sighs. “I am sorry,” he is, really. If he missed anyone, he missed her. “One hundred years is not so much though, for us.”
Castiel arched an eyebrow at him. “Like I said about Benjamin-I’m an angel.”
He sees Uriel. Anna. Raphael. Gabriel. Rachel. Hannah. Benjamin.
Castiel won’t have that. He reaches, peels Dean’s trembling fingers away from where they’re clutching his leg and laces their fingers together again with a grip that’s almost violent, like he’s holding onto a fraying rope that’s the only thing keeping him from falling from a cliff into a stormy ocean. He only lets it go when the car stops.
He paused. “Guess you need to get yourself a new coat.”
,” Mary interrupts him. “He said he would bring John back, not my parents but John at least and I said yes, I said
Watching them, Dean is startled and embarrassed to feel tears well up in his eyes. Castiel’s large hand reaches out to loosely grip his arm, thumb rubbing gently at the inside of his elbow.
this is just the beginning of a preseries au that exists because I was depressed and reflecting on how often I went without speaking and I projected onto Dean once again. it was going to be a deancas fic (yes the man in the trenchcoat is who you think it is) but it never got further than this.
The Creator speaks in a chorus of a thousand voices.“For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life.”
Dean moved closer to get a better look. He saw Benjamin’s vessel, and Ishim’s, but he can’t seem to see any other- “Hey, are you in these?” he asked.
“Was that so hard?” Dean’s tone is clipped and irritated. He drums his fingers restlessly on the steering wheel. Sam’s eyes flick back and forth between the two of them, emotions ranging from concern to irritation. Dean adjusts the mirror until Castiel’s face comes back into view and Cas immediately drops his gaze so their eyes don’t meet.
They aren’t the same people that they were, and they never will be. Dean never had a fucking chance at a normal family, or a normal life, ever since the yellow-eyed demon marked out his baby brother to be the Chosen One or whatever. He can fight, beg, and pray, but there’s no hope on God’s green Earth of reversing their given fate. His chance at happiness went up in smoke when he was barely old enough to read, and he can never escape what he was raised to be.
, Dean thinks, immediately feeling hysterical over the accidental blasphemy. Fuck, this entire thing is blasphemy. He’s making out with an angel. He has a boner for an angel. An angel. A warrior of heaven, who is his family, but not his
He wants to tell him that he remembers telling him he wants him, that he remembers Castiel telling him
"So this is where you went,” there’s no emotion to his song. It’s deadpan. Matter of fact. Resigned.
“No,” Lester lies quickly. “Oh, no. I-I wasn’t…” he caves when Dean tilts her head at him and smirks. “Uh-how do you know?”
Lester Morris is staring nervous and excited through his window shield at the dark house, his dark moustache practically twitching with voyeuristic anticipation. Dean approached the passenger side and swung in without fanfare. Idiot should keep his damn doors locked.
“Never thought of it that way,” he simpers. “I’m all about instant gratification. You just couldn’t gratify anymore.”
as if he’s some sort of world-renowned expert on spousal homicide.
with since we knew him has turned to Hell’s side or tried to kill him! Usually both!”
, and she was never more aware of the complexity and fragility of humanity than when she was watching her eldest son. She remembers with excruciating clarity the first time Dean held Sam in his soft little boy arms. The moment when he looked up at her face, wide-eyed baby tooth smile and eyes full of wonder, and asked if he could hold the baby, she felt like her heart was being squeezed in a fist. She whispered,
Dean literally squeaks.
Afterwards, Cas washes Dean carefully and dries them both. They pull on their underwear and stagger back to Dean’s bedroom. Dean shyly asks him if he’s going to stay tonight and Cas holds his face in both hands and kisses him by way of reply.
not valuable?-”
“No buddy, don’t be silly,” he rubbed his finger thoughtfully on the glass shielding 1901 Castiel’s face. “How many times do I gotta tell you that we’re family?”
“Yes,” his eyes snap open wide. “Yes. I’ve been so angry for so long.”
"Can I call you buddy then?"
He touches Dean’s possessions, moves them around the room. He reads his books, finding all the places where Dean left notes in the margins, all the creases left behind from past dog ears marking past places. Cas leaves some dog ears of his own, and he can’t stop tracing his fingers over the passages Dean has underlined, words he has circled.
As they progressed, he wondered if the new versions remembered what he had done to the old, discarded models, somewhere inside their artificial hearts. He wonders now if they slowly started to recognize him as their predator, in the way that rabbits know to hide from shadows circling in the sky above them. It’s more likely that Naomi simply set them in a pattern; impersonal, purely mathematical, logical, orderly, to play out a sequence of reactions, a sequence of potential realities.
“Ask,” Cas insists.
“I love you,” Dean blurts out in the darkness.
she thinks.
Dean rolls his eyes. “No one’s listening,” he says. “And if they were they wouldn’t actually take it seriously,” he pauses. “No one takes this shit seriously but us, you know? We’re the only people in the world who think about it at all,” he looks down at the people talking at the other end of the bar. “It’s pretty fucking lonely actually.”
Castiel scowls. “You’re rambling. You have no power here. No control over what takes place.”
“But,” Dean stutters. “That doesn’t make any sense.”
His life had changed a lot over the past few years and he’d changed his attitude along with it. Wanting men to fuck you wasn’t the end of the world. He’d
“Oh, he speaks,” Dean’s voice drips with sarcasm.
Cas breathes in deep. “I’m on my way, text me the address,” he abruptly hangs up and Sam listens to the dial tone in shock for a moment before recovering himself and opening up his messages.
Dean snorted. “Uh, touché,” he picked up Castiel’s solo portrait. Even in 1901, Cas looked like he was doing an x-ray of Dean’s thoughts. “But no. I won’t.”
They drink for a minute.
“I kind of, uh,” he can feel heat spreading down his face and knows his neck and chest will be flushed now. “Wasn’t really asking if you wanted a
Castiel’s solid hands rub slow circles on his back. “Would you like to make coffee together and watch the sunrise?”
“Ah,” she says, nodding as if she completely understands. He nods once back, looking twitchy. Her voice drips with contempt. “‘Cause you’re the expert, huh? Listen - and this is murder 101 - when you hire someone to kill your wife, you don’t want to be around when the hit goes down. It’s called an alibi.”
Sam stares at him, doing his best to keep the shock off his face. “This is Castiel, the angel. You-uh, you call him Cas.”
He stood there in silence as the lights came on.
"I talked with Naomi", and that’s just typical, isn’t it? Taking no time for pleasantries or any
He thinks,
“I won’t do anything you’re not comfortable with,” Cas says seriously. “But you can ask for what you want.”
Psyching himself up, Dean got ready for another shot at Expressing Emotion in a Healthy Way. “Hey,” he approached Cas. “You know you deserve to be treated good, right? You know you don’t deserve all the shit people’ve put on you, or the stuff any feathered dicks try to blame you for. You’ve always done your best to uh-to do the right thing. Sometimes-it’s easy for people to dump their shit on someone who’s willing to take on shit to help out. But man, it’s not
“We need to talk,” there’s no question in the solemn rumble of his voice. Dean’s heart knocks itself out on his ribcage, but he pushes past his paranoia.
The demon had grey hair and an equally grey and dirty looking beard. His teeth were blunt and human looking but when he smiled, which he did now and often, they seemed as if they were very sharp indeed and very capable of tearing through skin and bone with ease. “Hello, Dream,” he spoke through the bars of the gate, his voice nasally and blood sucking like a mosquito buzzing in your ear on a hot and restless summer night. When he blinked his eyelids open and closed, he did not have eyes at all. Instead, he had teeth where his eyes should be. He grinned at him with his whole face, and Castiel felt his skin crawl.
him,” he hisses, almost baring his teeth with anger. He looks like a wounded, cornered creature. Sam raises his hands in surrender.
“Father?” Castiel sings.
“I don’t trust you,” Cas replies, but he obligingly rolls back over and wraps his arms around Dean, who tucks his face into his chest again.
“Yes,” he practically whines, which should be beyond embarrassing but oh my God he’s dealing with the culmination of an eight year long fucking slow burn case of angel induced blue balls here. “Please.”
I died, okay? Do you get that? I died. Dean died, and now all you get is me. That’s all there is.”
Afterwards, they pile back into the car in silence. As Mary starts up the engine, in the backseat Castiel stares at Dean with accusation in his eyes. He swallows the lump in his throat and angles himself away from Cas, ashamed.
She wishes she could somehow make it so he could remember that day more vividly than the image of her burning on the ceiling of his little brother’s nursery.
He grins and his teeth look sharp now, like knives. “You just have me. You’ll always have me.”
“You’re lots of fun,” Max says, and takes a long drink.
however you’d have me, and I-” he chokes and looks down, clenching his fists. “I’m in love with you Dean, and I will be in love with you for all eternity, and when you die I will follow you to heaven if I can because the thought of spending my existence without you is worse than any torture I have been through.”
The colours blow away like wind being parted by a fan. It is so dark. It is so bright.
The response is almost sing-song. “The prince has it,” he croons.
Dean suffers on Earth; Dean goes to Hell. Castiel saves Dean from Hell; Dean suffers on Earth. Dean dies on Earth; Dean goes back to Hell. Cas saved him, and then he could no longer save him, and the cycle is over, and the cycle is ended, and the doors have rusted shut on their hinges, and the windows are sealed shut with paint, and the sun rises, and the moon rises also, and no one left alive still cares that anyone ever tried to live in that house, ever tried to make a go of it, the two of us together.
Dean slams his head back into Azazel’s nose and hears a
“Well,
She smiles suggestively at him. “No need to freak out,” she blinks slow, emphasizing her long eyelashes. “Just thought you looked lonely,” she winks at him and feels a sudden surge of red black dark deep hatred rise like bile in her throat when his eyes widen even further. He looks at her like he actually might touch her. A wave of revulsion makes her shudder minutely. Never mind. She doesn’t want to play around any more.
. So she doesn’t. She’ll be packing and heading out in the morning going to God knows where, but he’ll make sure she has what she needs and wants wherever she ends up heading to. Maybe they can call Jody up and ask her how she feels about Mary staying with her, Alex and Claire. Bitterly, he wonders if his mom would prefer the company of teenage girls over her adult sons; if it would make her feel more like a mother.
Dean feels a lot like he'd been punched. In the face, maybe. Or one of those places that makes you piss your pants. He'd heard once that could happen.
Dean has been kneeling in the dirt. The amount of time does not matter, really. It feels to him like he’s been kneeling in the dirt forever. In this moment, he’s confident he will stay here forever. He clasps his hands together like a prayer and bows his head to the ground. He sobs. Opens his clasped fingers and buries his face behind them, curling forward towards the ground until his head is in the dirt. Prostrate in front of a sky that does not care. In a world where God has left.
"I don't, just-it's funny," he says. "It'd be worse if we spoke French, I guess."
“I ripped up pictures,” he blurts out in a rush, ashamed. “I freaked out and tore up some pictures. God, I wish I hadn’t.”
He would wonder why they never have but he knows the answer. They don't talk about this sort of shit. Any of it. All these years for Dean, it's been sort of a relief. If they don't talk about it, he doesn't have to pause, rewind and replay the way he begged on his knees for Cas, clutched at him. He didn't fight back. Not even for a moment. He feels a sudden sharp sting of humiliation at the memory.
Cas laughs. That sound in itself is so startling, so rare and so out of place in this trainwreck of a conversation that for a moment Dean has to imagine that his feet are weighed down by concrete in order to prevent himself from just bolting out of the room.
Dean shrugs on his jacket and stalks out. He stops in the doorway and turns back to face Castiel. “I’m gonna save him, okay?” he says. “I’m gonna save my little brother. I’m gonna save my damn family.”
She gazes at him. “Why didn’t you call for me?” her voice is slightly softer. “Why don’t you ever call for me?”
“You disgust me,” Castiel responds plainly.
Sam pauses in the doorway. “Please. Talk to me if you need to, Dean. Please.”
She extricates herself from his arms and meets his eyes, so much like her own. “W-what, you mean the…when you told me not to get out of bed?”
, Castiel thinks. Resignation hangs heavy in his heart and he knows what he has to do.
He scowls darkly at the fountain. “They knew not what they did.”
“Everyone’s a critic,” Castiel deadpans and Dean can’t help but kiss him again in the doorway of his bedroom.
Castiel put the pill and the cup in the table and slumped down on the couch, burring his face between his hands. “We fucking kissed, okay?! We kissed and made out and that is fuckin it.” He raised his head. “Are you happy now, bro?!”
“I'm game.” Dean grinned. “Course I'm gonna kick your ass in COD.” He glanced over at Cas. “Amp up our own stakes, loser takes a shot.”
Dean didn't react at first, but he slowly leaned into the kiss, tasting and feeling it. He was kind of aware of what was happening, but he always kissed people when he was drunk. He slipped a hand into Cas's hair and coaxed it deeper. Cas was afraid of Dean's reaction, but once he felt him returning the kiss, he let himself go in the moment, absentmindedly running his hand on the side of Dean's face. They sat on the couch, drunkenly making out before they finally broke apart. Dean looked at him and licked his own lips, unsure of what to say yet.
Dean rolled his eyes and pushed Cas’s face away. “Oh shut up.” He laughed lightly before reaching over to the table and taking the water and pills, drinking the rest of the cup. “Unless you can give me a toothbrush and paste, I taste like this.”
“Nah dude, it's cool if you don't have any to share. I'll just ya know...use my jacket or something. I don't need much to sleep. I was a hardcore partier remember? Can crash anywhere.” Dean laughed a bit. “But ya know, if you want to grab that shit now and then continue drinking and shit I'll crash on the ground and you can take the sofa.”
Castiel spoke with the toothbrush between his teeth. “It’s more than 50 dollars, you uncultured swine.” He splashed some water on his face and hair, trying to look at least somewhat decent. “Okay man, let's go.”
Dean went into the fridge and grabbed some drinks before he walked to the couch, setting them on the small table in front of it. “Alright whatever, your crib, your rules. I'm just here to steal your food and drinks.” He laughed a bit.
They played for a while, and soon enough Dean was done with his can, a little less than a half still resting in Cas’s.
Now it was Cas’s time to shrug. “Ya know. I heard you guys were going, so I might as well go check it out.” He said as he scratched his scruff. “Anyway, didn't you and Lisa had a thing?”
”Fuck that, man, I'll actually take you somewhere. Fuck your mcdonalds. That stuff gets gross after a while. Get your ass up, brush your teeth and let’s go. Killing sunlight with you sitting there.”
“I think you are a sore loser.” Cas smiled. “...Like 2 hours a day ain’t much, right?”
“So....we know we're not gay...but we're okay with the kissing. You know that you said that you enjoyed it, and I kinda wish I remembered. But the question is, Cas: if we don't brush this aside, where does this put us? I mean, yeah we can still be friends, but what? Just accept that we kissed, liked it and move on?”
“Dude, you just have the life man...just this place by yourself. I gotta share a dorm and it's shitty. Whatever...You feeling a buzz yet?”
”What do you think I think about it? I could have been gone Cas. The moment you said that I could have just left but I'm still here and we're talking about....whatever this shit is. Tell you the truth...I'm not disgusted. I could be...but I'm not. I don't know what that would mean about me and I don't want to know but I don't really care. I want to save the friendship we have, Cas, and if it bothers you about what I did then we can brush it under the rug and just call it something stupid. If you don't want to be friends with me that's cool...I mean...not really but what you think matters.”
“Yeah, man. See ya.”
The two slept in until noon before Dean groaned, waking up. He blinked his eyes and immediately covered his eyes from the light and sighed. He laid there for a moment, rubbing his head a little. He tried shifting his legs, deciding if he should go back to sleep, but couldn't move. He tried again before his brows pinched together. He looked down to see Cas sleeping on him, both of them wrapped in the blankets.
“For some dude who whooped my ass you don't make fun as me as much as I thought you would.” Dean looked at Cas, examining his face. “Dude...you're too nice for your own good...wonder who's gonna be the babe who snatches you up.” He laughed slightly.
“Night Cas...” He brushed Cas's hair again and fell asleep.
“....Nah...I think that sounds bout right.” He glanced at Cas. “I ain't a sore loser. Just...newbie at these games. Don't have a console to practice on. Lemme practice on yours.”
Cas nodded, “You know what, man? Fuck it. I am not leaving my bro hanging all by himself tearing up over some chick.” He said with renewed energy. “Let's go to my place, crack some brews and kick some ass over call of duty. How about that?” He said, slapping Dean’s back.
“Her loss, dude. She is not gonna find a guy like you so easily. Like, no homo, man.” Cas said raising one hand. “Also, who do you think I am? That would not happen to me, son. But yeah, thanks or whatever for that.” He looked back at the street. “I can talk to whoever I want... that's not an issue, you know. It's just that, well, you should clear your mind and all that, relax a bit. You worry me, dude.”
“Yo…” Cas offered his hand for a goodbye handshake. Dean went for a hug and well, there was nothing much to do now. Cas patted his back before they pulled away.
“Everything’s back in order,” she smiled at him. “Finally. You’re ready.”
He remembers it, every single time he killed Dean. Dean doesn't talk about this, doesn't ask. Cas doesn't tell him. Neither whispered a word about it from the moment that Castiel laid a hand on his face to heal, keenly aware of the way Dean flinched away from him in anticipation of more pain. Dean has no idea. If Castiel has his way, he never will.
arms in the dark.
from the kitchen doorway he jumps so badly that he spills beer on his shoes.
“Oh, don’t I?” he flashes his teeth, suddenly inhuman knife sharp again instead of blunt human vessel dull. “But this is not your dream, Castiel.”
“Oh,” Dean raises his eyebrows. “Thanks for telling me then. Now I don’t have to worry at all about the potential consequences of you bringing your little sister back to life. It’s all fixed.”
she thinks.
anyway, I used that Reveal as a way to kick off the idea of dean and cas actually talking about What Happened That Night.
“Okay,” Sam says. “How do we break the curse?”
When she returns, she lingers outside, watching them together. They speak softly to each other and Dean wrinkles his nose, smiling. Castiel reverently encloses Dean’s hand in his own and brings it up to his face, brushing his knuckles with his mouth.
“I came here on my own steam,” Alastair’s eyeteeth click together as he whines. They’re walking past the Suicide Forest. “A Nightmare needs things to do, ya know. I got places to be, faces to eat, and all that.”
Dean waves a hand. “It’s okay,” he says, voice low. “I mean, I got pulled out. Raised. How many other people does that happen to? Nobody, as far as I know.”
He rushes to her side and throws himself down in the dirt next to her, wrapping her up in his arms. She chokes and crumples into him, the side of her face pressed into his chest almost painfully. “Shh,” he says, rocking her, stroking her hair. “It’s okay, it’s okay.” He’s never felt so helpless in his entire life, not even in Hell. He knows it’s not okay. Jesus Christ, he’s never known it more. He just can’t think of anything else to fucking say.
things like that,” Castiel bristles all over and Dean’s fingers twitch with the urge to reach out to him but he refrains. He feels like he might get shocked if he did, like touching a bolt of lightning. There was something about Castiel tonight that made him feel young again, like when they first met in a barn covered with useless sigils. His hair is even a little dishevelled from the action of the night, reminiscent of the slightly younger version of himself, who always looked like he’d just landed from flight. There are moments like this, where Dean feels suddenly hyperaware that Castiel is an
Dean’s ears were ringing. He watched Cas squeeze some honey onto his toast, and then start spreading it around with his finger. It was meticulous work; Cas seemed determined to have a perfectly even layer on every section of bread. He swiped it back and forth across the middle and carefully ran his finger along the edges. Finally, he brought his honey-covered fingers up to his mouth and licked them clean. Then he put them in his mouth and sucked.
“Yah man, if you want we can skip the COD and just watch The Notebook, damn if you want we can even bake some goddamn cupcakes and cry over ice-cream, you big-ol girl.” Cas glanced at him and smiled.
Dean smiled at Cas. “Yeah you're right. I haven't yet...who knows it might be someone close by. Just gotta wait it out or something. Dude you're too much of a nice guy, how are you not taken? I should like...hook you up...what are you into?”
“Go through my shit and it's not my fault on what you find.” He ruffled his hair before he came back after a few moments. “So what? Gonna kick me out now since I'm done taking advantage of your hospitality?”
“I'm uncultured? Says the nerd who hadn't watched star wars before me.” He opened the door before looking back at Cas. “After this, do you want to come back here or something? We can play more video games.”
Dean opened the last can from the pack before tossing the empty cardboard aside and drinking some of the new can. “Ya, I feel you. I probably wouldn't make fun of you that bad either.” He drank more. “Don’t ya like...bring anyone over? I mean, this is a nice place, be kicking it with some people or whatnot.”
He could get used to this.
Cas took a gulp from his whiskey before he rubbed his arm awkwardly. “So...”
“No you don't...I should really be thanking you for saying that.” He looked over at Cas. “I would have to think about this I mean...I...do you want to try? I mean...this dating thing? I actually am more nervous about asking you that because I'm scared I'm going to fuck up and I'm going to lose you and shit. And I really don't want that. I mean...I'm not exactly scared to try and because it's you I'm not disgusted. I don't know man.”
Dean’s heart pounded and he felt a sense of vertigo for a few brief moments. A part of him argued that this wasn’t what he wanted, that this time-travel alternative timeline crap had messed with his head. Another, quieter part of him knew better, though. He told himself he didn’t want it because he thought he could never have it. It wasn’t the Winchester way. It wasn’t the hunter way. And even if it had been, what creature of light, what angel of the lord, would want
Ah, Balthazar has blindfolded him. Unsurprising, he's always been a fan of a dramatic reveal. There's a clatter of footsteps as everyone rushes back into the living room to see Dean's reaction.
to overtake the last shreds of their sanity they find their solace in each other. If you could call it that. Really it’s more of a vicious release, wrestling and fucking until they’re too exhausted to even think.
Gabriel pouts "You're no fun, Cassie" but relents, tossing Dean's phone back to him and wandering off towards Dean's room.
Gabriel grinned and flipped the file open, laughing as Balthazar crowded closer to him and murmured “Yes, who’s our newest victim?”
Not his Cas, but he still reacted on instinct and was up the stairs and pushing open the cabin door before even considering that maybe he wasn’t the Dean that this Cas was calling for.
He leaves and Dean finds himself wondering exactly what he’ll say to his Cas should he ever make it home.
Dean shrugs and walks across the roof to settle down next to Castiel, his legs dangling off the edge. Once he’s settled he unscrews the top of the flask and downs several gulps, not even wincing at the burn down his throat.
Dean laughs and waves away Cas’ concern with a hand “No - not at all. It’s really just flavored sugar that looks like corn.” he explains. “Well, actually it doesn't even look like corn, but, whatever. It’s just candy. And it’s delicious.” he assures.
He's aware of Lucifer murmuring about him being a touchy one and finds himself smiling when Cas defends in an undertone "He has every right to be - you've all been rather difficult."
Now it’s Balthazar’s turn to smirk “Dean here works as a mechanic-” A few wolf-whistles and catcalls from Lucifer and Gabriel drown out his words for a moment “Alright, shut up the lot of you and let me finish” Balthazar reprimands and they fall silent “As I was saying, Dean works as a mechanic, listens to classic rock, drinks far too often and I quote ‘never lets a woman walk by without a wink or a smile’’ - Is it just me or does it sound like Mr. Winchester is trying too hard?” Balthazar finishes.
“First thing’s first - Charlie, this is Cas.” Dean says, smiling when Cas approaches, with his hand extended. “It’s nice to meet you. Sam and Dean have told me much-”
Once he's dressed back in his clothes he exists the dressing room and sees that Lucifer and Cas are already having a majority of the clothes rung up.
Dean shifts a bit uncomfortably and takes a gulp of Coke wishing it was something stronger. He's not used to this. It's like this guy actually likes him. Actually thinks he's a good person whose worth something and it twists at Dean's stomach a bit.
Not with Cas, of course. But with certain bed-mates, who he’s spent a week or so with. It’s a "morning after" routine. Wearing each other’s clothes and sipping coffee together. Only he doesn’t remember ever feeling this
He quickly composes himself though, and just in time too, because Dean has regained his voice.
Everyone’s nodding in agreement, until Dean notices the absence of a name in the plans and he finds himself objecting “Hang on a sec - Cas isn’t coming with me?”
He hadn’t even thought before speaking, the words just leapt out of his mouth on their own.
Cas' touch alone is slightly calming and he decides that he's going to have enough problems without looking for trouble so he concedes.
“Well he probably spends a lot of time in here.” Lucifer comments, trying to keep his voice casual, though he can’t manage to hide the smirk in it.
Dean laughs it off at first, because it's the only thing he can do to stop himself from throwing this bastard into the display of organic canned corn. "You know you're shit at reading people." he says, with what he hopes is a convincing grin.
Castiel joins in the good-natured laughter politely, though he isn’t paying much attention. Instead he’s trying to decide what his role in the evening will be.
“Fucking hell, this is bad.” he groans, raking a hand across his face. Cas has got is hard enough, being newly human, he doesn’t need to deal with him like
“Salutes are typically exchanged as a gesture of respect from a subordinate to his superior. I was a Seraph in Heaven, a high ranking soldier.” Cas counters, a slight gleam in his eyes, indicating he’s speaking in jest. “ Therefor I believe
is going on?!" Dean demands as Balthazar darts towards the kitchen and Gabriel begins rustling through a messy pile in the living area.
"So I drop Sammy and run back in there to find her - She's stuck at the top of the stairs and they're burning up - and I'm trying to get to her and I'm screaming for her and-" a dry sob rises in his throat and he forces it down, drawing a deep breath.
Castiel leaned away from his elbow as it came dangerously close to his face before prompting “Gabriel, you have the file - Who is this week’s candidate?”
Balthazar is oblivious to Dean however and casually continues on as if he's discussing the olives he's examining. "Cassie is very good at what he does. He's a very empathic person and he can connect with people very well. However the connect he fosters is always superficial and one-sided. It only relates to what's relevant and he never gets attached." he pauses here and levels Dean with a sharp look. "You, for some unfathomable reason, are different. And if you don't believe me, count the number of times he has smiled today. I guarantee you it's been more than twice, which is his average."
Castiel pays and hurries out of the cafe as quickly as he can, hoping he hasn't lost Dean. He'd seen Dean's walls and pushed passed them. It's not something he should've done, but the layers of guilt and self-loathing needed to be broken through somehow. This man has too much good in him to be weighed down by such guilt.
“Well, yeah, but it's MY couch. Until you pay the rent, you can't step on my shit. And drunk doesn't begin to cover it, bro.”
They walked away, but
“Make it up?” Remembering would be a great thing, for once. He stood up and let out a sigh. “You know what man, whatever, I am just messing with you. But I seriously need an advil or somethin right now.”
“Each time we die? Alright. I'm game.” Dean glanced at Cas “Though I might be rusty so I'm worried I'm going to be the one wasted on your couch.” He laughed a bit before settling in.  “Alright let's do this.”
“Yeah talk smack Cas, but I'm gonna dominate that game. So I’m sure I'll be there to hold your hair when you throw up.” He smiled and laughed a little.
Dean walked into Cas’s kitchen and put the booze away. “Anything you want beforehand? You know, before I sit down and put my boots over your shit.” He said and laughed a little.
“Can't say we're not good looking guys.” Dean laughed. “it's Saturday and we're single with you trying to comfort me.” he said.  “Some Saturday... Sorry for you wasting it instead of that party, you could have got some chick to come back with you.”
“Yeah we should hang out more often. You're a lot better than half the people I normally hang out with. Plus you're a lot less douche-y.” Dean laughed lightly. “You're a really nice dude Cas. Like seriously you could have ditched me...but you didn't and you even bought beer and shit.”
“Dude, you're sleeping on me!”
“Calling me pretty, Cas?” Dean playfully fluttered his eyelashes. “I fit into your taste. Lemme just stuff my shirt and get a wig.” He laughed. “It'll be a close call but you know. Close one eye then the other and then you wouldn't know.”
Dean licked his lips a little, looking up at Cas and returning his smile. “If you're the one chasing after them, I'm sure they will dude.” he said before sighing softly. “I'm beat. You should like get me a pillow or something since you're making me crash out here.”
“Yo, I was just being polite.”
“Didn't say what you'd lose either...” His eyes flickered a bit. He glanced at Cas's eyes, then his lips, then back up again. He let out a small breath. “I don't back down...not out of a challenge, Novak.”
“Oh shut up, you assbutt. You want to get your ass beaten by this rebel on COD again? You got it, Winchester.” Castiel said, walking out of the apartment.
Dean pinched his eyebrows. “Worry you? For what? Did I do something to trip you up? Have I been acting funny?”
Cas’s cheeks lit up more. “It does matter Dean. And ‘dafuck you are talking about? Don't say that, man, you ain’t shitty. You just haven't found the one for you, you know?”
“What?! No, man. You are not a douchebag, stop saying that. You are a great guy, and you are funny, and you are way more than I deserve. And on top of that, you are like, super attractive or whatever man, I told you yesterday and I remember it, and I meant it. And I probably sound ridiculous right now.”
“Don't know how would you forget. Where else was I going to crash? Unless you were planning to kick me onto the floor.” He laughed a bit. “Drink enough and we'll share the floor together, there's enough room.”
Cas looked at him, smiling. “Right back at you, bro.” He reached over and took the blanket and the pillow, draping it over them. “I am hella tired too, man. Scoot a little, won't ya? I am not sleeping in the floor.” He said as he placed his head on Dean’s chest.
Dean responded to his smile by grinning. “Sure, I'll be sure to bring my offering to you so I can get in your house. But you know, can't always just pop in, maybe you're shacking up with someone or something. I dunno. Gotta drop a guy a fair warning before you come.”
Castiel looked at his hands as he spun the cup. “Yeah, I would never ditch you, Dean. Can't understand why anyone would ever would.” He paused briefly. “Also, thanks for all you said yo, I try not to be an assbutt.” He smiled a little.
“Really? I must have acted like an idiot...thank god neither of us remember much to hold it against me. I wouldn't want to hear about the stupid shit I've done. But hey, at least my clothes are still on, that's a plus. And I'm not lying in vomit, not that I have...just saying. That's just sick.” Dean laughed.
Cas laughed and put his hands in the air in defense. “Whatever you say man, it’s cool with me if you want to cry. Just don't come at me for rebound or anything like that, huh.” He laughed more.
he sounds non-committal.
Castiel collapses to the ground and does not move any more.
. “I won’t let it pass.”
He doesn’t. He lies.
well this is the last one. feels a bit anti-climactic but here we are.
” Dean’s last word was cut off when he stuck the blade in his chest. He choked, spluttered. And that was all there was.
“Are ya sure it’s worth it?” it’s a genuine question from his end.
” she says venomously. “I don’t have a
“What if she doesn’t?” Dean instantly hates himself for how childish and needy he sounds.
“Oh,” Cas echoes, with a subtle edge to his voice.
“Yeah,” Dean smiles. “I’d love that.”
“How is he?” Cas leans in, voice low and eyes flicking to where Dean is happily masticating.
“Uh, yes,” he says. “Yes, I did. Um. A lot.”
He wakes up in his bed, gasping. Sitting up, he feels dried tear tracks stiff on his cheeks.
, which is infinitely worse than talking. Sam is not here. He’s out. He’s been out for a while now, looking for his dead brother. Sam’s dead brother, as it turns out, is a real hard man to track down, a real slippery customer. Maybe Sam’s dead brother doesn’t really want to be found.
She wants to know exactly who and when and what people said and did to Dean Winchester to make him so beat up inside.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t quite catch that,” Cas continues to trace patterns on his skin.
,” Castiel stutters when Dean breathes out his full name, and a high pitched noise like the one that shattered the windows when Dean first crawled out of his grave starts up low and begins to build. It seems to be coming from everywhere, surrounding and filling the room and ripping through him. It peaks as Castiel grips his right shoulder tight with his hand and yells into Dean’s shoulder as his entire body glows and hums with light and the breathtaking thrum of his Grace.
Well, for a moment, that’s what she thinks. For a moment her brain lags and fails to log online and she thinks
Immediately, Dean tries to leap into a debrief of their prison escape and discussion of what their next steps are going to be after this latest mishap with death. Castiel sighs so deeply that Dean almost feels offended. “Hey, what man?” he quips. “Am I boring you?”
Cas looks at him serenely. "You know actually I think I will start saying 'oh my father', thank you for the great idea."
Dean’s eyes go wide in horror as he realizes that a fatal wrench has been thrown in yet another one of his carefully laid out plan to sacrifice his life for others. He and his brother beg their mother to stop, but she breathes deep and stands solid like an unstoppable object rooted to the earth. Her face is almost calm as she raises the gun to her head, full of the absolute courage of her conviction. The expression is so heartbreakingly familiar.
“You’re staring. Do I have something in my face? Or are you just struck with awe in the presence of a champion.”
“Where the fuck have you been?” she says.
“Why did you steal my blade?” Dream asks. “Did you not know that I would return?”
“But then I was dying,” he echoes.
Dean tucks his face into Castiel’s chest and smiles when he feels his breath on his hair. He feels relaxed for about a minute, before his brain kicks the hard drive back online and he can access all of, you know, his
"It's okay," Cas says. It doesn't really sound like it is.
Sam just blinks at him. “I’ll take your word for it.”
Dean’s eyes are filled with tears. “What did he say he would-”
A thought suddenly occurred to Dean:
“Don’t-!” Dean tries to scramble back, pressing himself against the inside of the car door, but before he can get another word out Cas has pressed two fingers to his forehead, and like a fucking Vulcan nerve pinch or something Dean instantly succumbs to unconsciousness.
“What about me?” his gaze was blisteringly intense now and he looked like he was preparing to command armies, not ask Dean the one question guaranteed to make spontaneous human combustion a real and verifiable phenomenon.
Cas turns his head slowly, his sullen expression meeting Dean’s frantic, angry one. He stalks silently and evenly back to the car, pointedly opens the door and slides himself back into the seat.
He died and Castiel threw the body to the ground in disgust.
Come to think of it, Dean rarely just comes out and says
When you have created a child, you have created a
He never knew his grandfather before today, and yet it doesn’t feel as if he’s learned anything new. Finding out that his mother came from
is almost a comical under exaggeration. In all that time though, I never met another being who affects me the way you affect me. I’ve always been a bit of a thorn in the side of Heaven, never quite the perfect angel I wanted to be, but then I met you and I didn’t
"Dude you get what I mean though right, like-"
Max whirls around and hits him on the arm, probably with more force than necessary. He looks frantically around them. “Shut up!” he hisses. “What if someone hears you say that?”
Cas blinks at him and-
She sits back on her heels and looks at him with her jaw clenched. He must have seen that same expression reflected back at him in the mirror over a hundred times. “Who
In his heart he knows she’s already doomed. There’s nothing he can do to stop her from being brave, from wanting to protect her family.
!” Sam yells, spluttering from where he’s now gripping the sides of his seat like he’s holding on for dear life.
Dean can’t stop smiling. “You’re an insufferable smug son of a bitch, did you know that?” he quips, pushing at Castiel’s shoulder and Cas just hums and reels him in until they’re kissing in the middle of the bunker kitchen.
Still holding onto him, Cas leads them to the bed where he reluctantly lets go and begins to slowly get undressed. When they’re both down to their underwear, they get under the covers and slot themselves together like two puzzle pieces. Castiel seems to have a sudden interest in kissing every feature of Dean’s face, moving from forehead to cheeks, kissing both eyelids, chin, nose and finally a softly smiling mouth.
“The hell you will,” Dean snarls, then sputters as Cas reaches for the door handle. “Hey, the fuck are you doing, we’re driving!” he begins to apply the brake pedal as Castiel calmly and firmly opens it, before smoothly stepping out and shutting the flapping Impala door.
“I love you,” she says, fiercely, strongly. “I love you.”
He turns to go and feels a tear slide down his face as well.
“She still died in the nursery, didn’t she?”
A few minutes pass with no message and Dean starts to psych himself out. Normally Castiel is a fast-draw on the texts, sending grammatically perfect messages interspersed with a truly criminal amount of emojis. It’s actually kind of adorable, not that Dean’d ever admit to thinking it anything other than obnoxious. Did he go too far with that last text? Did it make him seem clingy, like some kind of desperate bunker housewife? He almost jumps as he gets a notif.
“Okay,” even from miles away Dean can tell that Cas is smiling. “Good bye Dean.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said, voice soft and deep and sincere into Dean’s neck. His arms felt solid, safe and strong and in a moment’s decision, Dean thought
“Ow,” she says, flatly. “You know, that wasn’t really very angelic of you,” she grins up at Cas from the floor.
On top of all this, he went out for groceries in the evening and when he came back he was 90% sure they’d had angry sex on the War Room table.
“I used to-I had girlfriends,” Mary blurts out. “I was young. I’d never even heard the word
Dean wakes up choking.
He can feel Cas smile against his neck. “It’s always been one of the fundamental laws of the universe that I love you, Dean.”
“But then you were dying,” she finishes for him.
Castiel knocks on the door when Dean is halfway through messily devouring a large pizza by himself. Sam gets up to let him in.
Dean was blushing red to the tips of his ears. “Thanks, uh,” his voice cracked and he felt tears pushing at the back of his eyes. What the fuck. “Thanks, Sammy.”
“Mom, don’t cry,” Dean sounds horrified. “Don’t-it’s okay.”
He sits up straighter in his seat and stutters again, trying to sound professional. Trying to sound cool. “Well,” he begins, throat working. “My
The Dream sword is in Dean’s hand in an instant and he looks Azazel directly in the eye when he stabs him through the chest.
“I want you though,” Dean says. “I know I can’t remember stuff but I feel...safe, around you. And not safe, but in an exciting way like you can show me things I want to be shown. Sam says you’re my best friend. I’m attracted to you. So I think I have to want you for real.”
A witch walks into the bar.
” she says, voice shaking. “We can fix this. Come back with me. Your sister and I-”
“Have some faith, Dean,” Cas says with Dean’s own mouth, and boy if that isn’t one of the weirdest things he’s ever heard in his life. “I’m an excellent and conscientious driver.”
“Not really,” she amends quickly, still feeling like her skin is crawling. She doesn’t know why she thought that would be funny. She doesn’t understand herself much anymore. “Lester, right?
“Hey!” he gets up, yelling. “What have you done? What did you do with him?”
The palace grows closer over the horizon as they continue to walk, the background sounds of abject and total human misery their aural substitute for conversation.
Castiel continues to look forward. “So you believe Azazel’s power to be more than my own,” it’s a statement, not a question.
Dean’s voice is small and quiet. “Why are you telling me this?”
“Okay!” Dean says dreamily, happily hopping into the passenger seat. He watches Castiel walk around to the other side and slide in the driver’s side, depositing his blade in the space between them. “Hmm...I was right.”
in context. I wasn’t-”
Well now, this was a nasty surprise. “The Corinthian,” Castiel spoke back, endeavouring not to betray shock or anger. “Tell me, how many of my other creations did Hell steal from me while I was away from my throne?”
The song says
“But-” Castiel sounds vehement.
Max sizes him up for a second, looking unsure of whether or not to smile back. “Hi Dean,” his fingers drum a beat on the inside of his coat pocket. “Long time no see.”
But then Cas asks him what he remembers, and he freezes.
“But Temptation means nothing to Us. we may choose what we wish to choose. We will always choose you, Castiel. Champion of Earth.”
Of course, there were the ones who cursed God, cursed Heaven, cursed him. Wished they had been left in Hell, because, one viciously snarled “At least I’d never have met
“I wouldn’t-” she cuts herself off. That isn’t what she came to talk about. “Castiel, can I ask you a question?”
She moves so fast. He chokes out his last breaths with the blade buried deep in his chest. When the sputtering and struggling stops, she yanks it out and wipes it on his jacket.
“Where’s Castiel?” she asks, endeavouring to keep her voice cheerful. She wants to cry, but she knows he would think that it was about him, that him loving and being in love is something that makes her sad. She’s hurt because he’s hurt, she’s scarred by everything that scarred him. Mary can’t show her son how much she aches for him, it would only add to his pain. His pain is not about her, especially because he lost her so long ago, but that almost makes it worse. She wasn’t there. She wasn’t there.
“I like men, Sam. Like, I’m into them. Just thought you should know.”
“Well, if you remember anything, call me, okay?” he says.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel’s deep gentle voice replies.
Cas looks at him with an unreadable expression. “There’s no reason to-”
Castiel watches thoughtfully as a hellhound rends a soul apart. “I’ve returned now.”
Cas kisses his cheek. “I want to try too.” It’s sort of embarrassing how much that chaste gesture of affection affects Dean, but also he’s starting to think maybe he needs to banish the word
“Dean, I can’t ask you to-” she says, confused. “We just met-” At that, Dean can’t help but let out a hysterical, wounded laugh. Mary studies his face in silent shock.
Anna is unimpressed. “I haven’t heard from you in one hundred years and that’s your opening? I was worried sick about you, you know,” she smooths the lapel of her leather jacket in neurotic irritation, her red hair whipping around like a flame in the summer breeze.
“Oh. No,” he’s sort of leaning away from her now. “T-that – it’s different when guys do it.”
“If you remember,” Dean had said back then. “Then you know you did the best you could at the time.”
He’s looking at the stars again. “In many ways I had accepted the reality of that ache. I was unwilling to let him know what I could feel or push him to explain himself, his desires, to me. It seemed possible that we could do this forever, and I couldn’t risk him closing off from me, or pulling away. It’s always been most important that I can be in his life at all, in any capacity, as close as he will let me be. I was trying to learn to be satisfied with accepting that bruise. Tonight-changed that for me. I thought I could live this way-” he looks at her and sighs.
“I’m-I’m not. Jesus. I’m not, I swear, I’m not,” he laughs. This is the craziest fucking thing to ever happen to him. “I know there’s absolutely no way you’ll believe me. But get this! I’m from the future. I’m your son from the future. You can punch me now.”
“Sam?” Dean interrupts his train of thought and he hears himself go
Castiel has not known the path forward for almost a decade. That time has felt as long and as hard as the millennia he existed before any beautiful boy begged him to overwrite fate.
“I’ll go and you stay here with Dean,” Sam says and Cas instantly makes a disgusted sound.
to me!” she snarls, and abruptly stands up. He stays kneeling in the dirt, looking up at her. “Why did you
Dean woke up and swore loudly. The bed was a mess, the pillows flung to the floor and the blankets hanging off the side of the mattress. His feet were tangled in the sheets. Quickly, he kicked them off and sat on the edge of the bed with his face in his hands.
Castiel’s tone is carefully flat and dispassionate. “Don’t be too hard on yourself. You couldn’t have stopped it” like Dean lost the homecoming game rather than the he watched his mother seal her own fate.
Dean can’t even meet her eyes when she says she’s leaving them.
The phone rings and Cas answers it. He then hangs it up almost as quickly. “
"Oh my god Cas-I mean, holy shit-I mean…Jesus," Dean can't stop laughing. "Oh fuck."
Dean sighs. This guy.
Cas quickly presses on. “I don’t intend to imply that it’s desirable or acceptable for you to be unhappy. I do not enjoy it when you are. I merely want to ensure that you know that pretending to be okay is not something you have to do for me, for my sake.”
Dean is dead now and he won’t return any of Castiel’s phone calls.
“Your brother Sam needs our help,” Castiel says, feeling for the angel blade in his sleeve. “And I can’t leave you alone in your current state. Get in the car, I’ll drive.”
The reunion lasts for a pathetic amount of time before Billie explains the deal. Mary and Castiel look at him in horror while Dean, ever the martyr, sets his jaw and makes it clear who he intends to be the Winchester that dies tonight. Mary rushes forward with no hesitation, and Castiel feels a wave of deep love and deep sadness wash over him. How will he ever get these brave, stupid, beautiful people to stop lining up to throw themselves on the sword?
A few moments pass before Dean speaks up. “So…” he says, his voice lilting and flirtatious. “What’s it like being an angel? I bet you’re so strong.”
“Yeah, um, sure Sammy,” Dean realizes he’s been clutching the table since Mary left the room. “That sounds good.”
When an angel dies, that’s different. An angel is a song that rings out in the polyphony of creation. An angel is a part of the stars and the most unfathomable darkness in the sky. The true sky, beyond the white radiant light deception of ocean blue which holds the Earth together in a protective bubble. A kind force of nature that says
His brother has built a cross with his own two hands, using the wood from the fallen tree. When Dean had risen from the dirt and began pulling at the burnt lightning-struck wood with purpose, Sam had asked if he wanted help burying Cas. He swears to God, Dean looked about ready to rip his throat out with his hands.
“Who were ya talking to?” Dean asks.
“I don’t understand-”
“We’re not-I mean, I don’t know, maybe we are, now, I-” he’s talking fast and cuts himself off self-consciously, trailing off and cracking his knuckles.
“Are-are you messing with me?” Cas stared unflinchingly into Dean’s wide nervous eyes. “I-no, not really-I mean-”
Dean nods almost imperceptibly, making firm eye contact with the edge of the table. “Yeah. Yeah. Awesome.”
Dean looks at him in frustration. “What the hell are you talking about?”
She lets the silence carry a few more beats. “Death forgives,” she says.
Her heart beats rapidly in her chest and she’s suddenly so
“Couldn’t you have let them go?” she says, almost wistfully.
Sometimes Dean thinks about the moment at the end when Cas reached for his face and he believed, for a moment, that Cas really was going to kill him after all. He pleaded even then, before suddenly it was all over.
“What about Jimmy?” Castiel continued.
Dean forced himself to be a man because he perceived there to be a shortage, but he should’ve been able to be a boy. She thinks she can see those parts of him sometimes still, the child he locked away so long ago and never really got to be.
His vision was suddenly blurry with tears and he was afraid to speak, because he didn’t know how to express the volume of what he felt in a way that would satisfy him. How do you condense eight years into a sentence? He reached for Cas and kissed him, crushing his coat lapels in his hands.
She glares at him, not lowering her defenses. “And why on earth would you give a damn about something like that?” Another tear rolls down her cheek as she balls up her fists. It doesn’t make her look pitiful and in need of comfort anymore, it makes her look feral and at the end of her rope, cornered and capable of anything.
"Ow! Ouch!" he laughs. "Wow you just burned me so hard."
. She never had enough time to convince him he was her perfect boy. She feels cold.
to-” his words cut off in a stuttered sigh as Castiel turned and pulled him into a tight hug.
“You’re so much my son,” Mary shakes her head in wonder. “I really see that. I’m sorry if that’s given you a hard time.”
“For what?” Dean’s heart was beating so fast. He’d known Sam would be good, of course. Didn’t make shit that much easier to talk about.
Castiel’s jaw works a few times. “I’m quite all right standing.”
“Can I tell you something?” Cas sighs against his hair, and Dean mumbles
He’s staring at her and her bones ache with sympathetic tension from the way he’s holding himself wound tight in anticipation. It’s a stance ready to absorb a blow, she imagines he’s always prepared for any kind.
“Oh,” Dean’s pretty green eyes fill with tears. “You don’t want me. Sorry.”
For the rest of the day, Sam tried to avoid both Dean and Castiel. He moved from room to room in the bunker trying to find a quiet place to read, but somehow every once in awhile Dean would show up and begin ranting. He finally cracked around mid-afternoon, while Dean was complaining about Castiel’s lack of self-preservation between stress-eating bites of a sandwich.
“He told me I’d b-be
, and God he’s so gay for thinking that. “I, uh, need a shower. Do you…want to come?”
Castiel reacts like he’s been slapped. He whips his head around to meet eyes with Dean, urgently. “Dean,” he says. “This is very important. You have to know what you can-” his voice cuts off in a sickening slow rattle of breath. Azazel is suddenly right in front of him, with a hand buried in his chest, slid in as easily as if he had slid his hand into a basin of water.
“You’re welcome,” he replies awkwardly. God, he’s not really used to just saying shit like that. He should tell Sam about this. He’d be so proud.
“I’m fantastic,” Cas replies. “Except-”
Dean grins. "Oh my god, nothing, just...like it's still so weird hearing you swear. And I can't think of that many expletives that would just be.... more on the nose."
He lets himself drift for a minute before he trips on another dumb thought and opens his mouth again. “Can I ask-” Dean says. “Never mind, no, it’s stupid.”
“You know God and Jesus are the same person, Castiel,” They almost sound...amused. They still speak in human tongues. “You gave yourself to Earth. You sacrificed yourself for the world.”
Azazel is there at the gate to meet them, which is unusual and because of this, deeply unsettling. Not for the first time since he arrived in Hell, Castiel is possessed by the overwhelming urge to fly from this horrible place. In fact, this visit has resembled a constant series of moments, one after the other, in which he feels a creeping sense of unease.
They both grinned at each other.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Max laughs too, sharp and fast, like echolalia. He shows his teeth like he’s smiling, but that’s not what it is. He’s baring his teeth.
Did he do a good enough job? Did he make Cas feel good? Did he make Cas happy? God, what if this was just selfish of him, what if this wasn’t what Cas really wanted and he was just kidding himself that this could ever work out and-
“This is so nice,” he whispers, because it is.
. How do you come up with a killer comeback for looming?
-could accept your senseless death has been incorrect every single time you have tried it. And you can’t tell me…” Castiel chokes. “That you
“I won’t control people,” Castiel says. “I won’t lead them. I will take your power. I will help them. And I will love them.”
“It shouldn’t be that hard to kill the witches now that I know who and where they are. They’re human too, after all. They just have magic,” Sam insists. “And I know it probably sounds dumb, but I need to be the one to do this. He’s my brother, you know?”
-adjusts his coat.
you,” her eyes turned cold and defensive. She grinds her teeth. “Who are you
i'd be amazed i passed up the chance to describe dean getting murdered by metatron if i didnt know that tragically cas did not witness that. and i did commit to his pov.
As they progressed, he wondered if the new versions remembered what he had done to the old, discarded models, somewhere inside their artificial hearts. He wonders now if they slowly started to recognize him as their predator, in the way that rabbits know to hide from shadows circling in the sky above them. It’s more likely that Naomi simply set them in a pattern; impersonal, purely mathematical, logical, orderly, to play out a sequence of reactions, a sequence of potential realities.
Castiel is there. He is impossibly large, a giant holding them in the palm of his hand. The lines in his palm are a valley, the slope of his wrist is a mountain.
Tongues lick each set of his teeth. “I won’t leave with you, of course,” Alastair says. “I’m not a fucking idiot. I didn’t come this far and rise this high just to be unmade in one burst of your will and forgotten like so many fever dreams.”
Dean blinks and feels like a jackass. When he finds himself feeling like a jackass, he knows only one cure. “Do you want a beer?” he asks, already walking towards the fridge himself. Cas doesn’t say no, so Dean gets him one. Hey if he doesn’t drink it, it saves Dean another arduous ten step journey to the fridge when he’s done this one. The way this conversation is going he feels like he’s definitely gonna need another. Maybe several others.
“Les,” she says, smoothly. “I’m gonna say something to you. I need you to really listen to me…” You’re a loser,” she ignores his noise of indignation. “Your lady in there – she’s too good for you. Now, I don’t blame her for stepping out – especially if she found out you were messing around first.”
Mindy rolls her eyes at the bravado and posturing in Dean’s tone, but she still looks fond. “I’m not gonna ever see you again, am I?” it’s barely a question. She knows what this is. Dean knows she knows what this is. She knows Dean knows she knows. Long story short, everyone just knows everything around here. Everyone is knowing as hell.
"Pleeeeeease?" Dean honest to god bats his eyelashes
Castiel sits next to him, their legs pressed together. He reaches for Dean’s hand and holds it with his own, scrutinizing his expression for his reaction. Dean moves their hands onto his knee and Castiel smiles, lacing their fingers together.
Dean breathes in deep through his nose. “I did that,” he says. “What you did. Worse though, because I had to outsource and it, you know, cost me my soul.” Max goes hm. He’s not so much surprised that Dean has done this than he is surprised that he chose to share. He doesn’t get the impression Dean really opens up a hell of a lot, especially to strange men he’s barely met.
In the bottom drawer, at the very very back, at the very very end, Cas finds the coat he died in, wrapped around the shirt Dean wore to watch him die. Dean has slid his arms into Castiel’s sleeves. It’s crushingly tender. Removing them from each other would be an act of tearing.
“Still, Dean,” Max looks concerned and Dean wants to figure out how to make him stop feeling pity. “Still. Jesus.”
“Oh, okay, wow,” Dean breathed, gazing at Castiel’s former vessel.
He hasn’t thought at all since he arrived in this space. Thinking is very much a human thing to do. Angels act. Angels know the path forward.
his mind editorialized unhelpfully and he groaned.
There were the ones who screamed at him, called him horrible names. The ones who screamed for help, for Sam, for their mother.
“You,” Cas says, simply and earnestly, like it’s the easiest thing in the world for him to express.
“I thought your wings were still broken, how could you get here that fast?” Dean immediately kicks himself for being an insensitive asshole, but Cas just huffs a laugh.
If they never talk about it then they never have to deal with any of the lingering questions that are about as light and fluffy as a brick through a window.
This other man-shaped demon inspires even more visceral creeping horror than even Alastair’s grotesque parody of human faced creature does. Azazel is not uniquely terrifying as a result of his creation, though his strange yellow eyes, marbled with veins of cracked black emptiness do nothing to put others at ease. Though he is an ancient demon, and a powerful one, he was not placed on the throne to hell through divine providence or any other incommunicable force at work in the stitching pulling at the fabric of the universe. He ascended to the throne because he is a particularly fucking nasty piece of work and even for a denizen of hell, cares especially little about avoiding sacrilege.
Maybe, just maybe, Sam’s dead brother likes being dead.
“Okay…” she searches his face with wide scared eyes. “Okay, Dean. Okay.” She lets him pull her back into his chest.
“I’m good,” Dean shoots back instantly, not turning his head. The muscles in his jaw continue to clench and unclench and he keeps twisting his hands slowly on the wheel. Cas frowns and shifts in the backseat, continuing to glare at the back of Dean’s head like it’s gravely offended him.
She stutters an apology and shuts the door.
He sees those he’s killed. He sees those he’s saved. He sees those he failed.
They back walked to a chair and curled up together. “So,” Castiel pressed a kiss to Dean’s forehead. “Does this mean we won’t fight anymore?”
“I did it,” Azazel, for all his apparent confidence since the moment he arrived in the place he should never have been able to break into, seems stunned. “Jesus Christ, I did it. I killed Him. No one’s ever killed Him.”
There was the one who grabbed him by the tie and kissed him like violence, like a punch to the teeth, before personally pointing his sword and guiding his hand.
He’s screaming Castiel’s name. A thousand times. A thousand ways. He’s praying.
Castiel stares. “I don’t understand.”
“See now, this,” Azazel adopts a tone like he’s critiquing a film, or offering commentary at an art gallery. “
He hums. “Before time, if you can parse the paradox of qualifying timeless space as having a ‘before’ or ‘after’. But the stars existed, then.”
Cas kisses the corner of his eye. “You are good,” he says firmly, like it’s a God given truth.
figured something out and he’s probably gonna be smug about it for the rest of linear time. “What’s embarrassing about me telling you that you were so good for me,” he says. Dean whimpers
Dean stiffens involuntarily, and Cas tightens his arms around him in reassurance, pressing little kisses to his shoulderblades.
“Is everything all right, Sam?” Cas continues and for a moment Sam feels a flash of irritation at the idea that there must be something wrong for him to call. Of course, there is something wrong and his irritation is hypocritical. Not for the first time, Sam reflects on the contrast between the dynamic Castiel has with him vs his brother.
Castiel holds him tighter. “I’ll make them whole again. In the morning.”
Sam realizes the logic of leaving behind the celestial being at a motel in favour of going it alone as a human might seem bizarre. “Dean can’t be alone here,” he says, trying to sound as persuasive as possible. “I trust you to protect him.”
She’s kneeling in the dirt next to John’s body. Next to her father’s body. He’s suddenly struck by the simple truth that the poisoned legacy of their family line comes down to these two men, who just couldn’t resist teaching children how to kill monsters.
She looks at the fountain with him, still standing next to him as he sits hunched over on the bench. “I assume you punished them,” she watches the water pool in the basin and thinks about cycles and lives and Endlessness.
“For what it’s worth,” Cas isn’t looking at him. He won’t, or maybe he can’t. “I wish that I could.” He moves towards Dean suddenly, jerkily.
He watched as the boy across from him and above him made a small aborted hip thrust and felt himself choke. Teen Dean pulled himself off of Woodshop What’s-His-Face and he felt the dick slide out of his mouth. “Don’t move,” He heard himself say, before feeling himself take a deep breath and gamely try again.
like he always has before.
The journey to the gate took a long time. Normally Castiel didn’t mind time, he had an abundance of previous experience with it, and an indeterminate but lengthy amount of experience yet to come. Recent events in his life, however, had made him anxious to make the most out of every possible moment. So by the time the man-shaped demon was making his final approach, he was very anxious and very impatient.
Dean handed him some money. “You go buy whatever you think you'd want to drink. I'll just wait out here. “
“Changing up the game ain't gonna change the fact that I'm gonna kick your ass, Cas.” He rummaged through Cas’s cabinets and grabbed a bag of chips and pretzels. “No seriously dude, once I sit down I'm not going to get up for you, do you want something to drink?”
“Hey, I thought you said that party would be pretty awesome since you were trying to make me go before. Why the change of heart now?” Dean glanced at Cas over his cup, before setting it aside. “Saying that to comfort me so I won't feel bad for making you miss that? Seriously nice guy.” He lied down with his head right next to Cas's leg and threw a hand over his eyes. “I think I had enough… before I can't make sense any more.” He let what Cas had said settle in. “Wait dude what?” He lifted his arms to look up at Cas. “Dude you're fucking kidding right? Girls should be lining up at your door just so you can take them out. Well you know. I don't really know if you're into that one night stand shit but like if you choose someone she'll probably be super happy. You're too much of a nice guy to not have someone.”
“So… we are going the same way huh. Crazy.” Cas attempted as he walked near his friend. Cas’s hand briefly brushed Dean’s hand and the other man immediately jerked his hand away.
“Dude.”
Cas smiled softly at him. “Don't hate me for stating the obvious.” He looked at his cup and drank some more. “Right back at ya.”
“Dude… what the hell happened,” said Dean. He looked down at Cas and then at himself, letting out a relieved breath. They were wearing clothes, thank god.
Cas sat next to him on the couch. “Nah man, seriously it’s okay. If I get cold I'll just snatch it from you and leave your ass to freeze.” He laughed slightly. “And I know, we will... so don't go expecting eggs and toast in the morning, cause I am probably not waking till noon.”
Dean caught them with a grin. “Well if it's not a thing, it should be. I mean like…what is awkwardly cute that would work to show you?” he thought for a moment. “Like seeing something like some cat being a little idiot who just wanders around and stuff and doesn't like people and when it tries to hide, you can still see like half its body. It's so bad it's cute. Ya know? I don't even know man, don't even try to make me think right now. You're gonna get jack shit. Thanks for the blanket and pillow though. Do you need them or is this extra?”
“Well, it sure looks like you want to get wasted really fast... because you know I will crush you, Dean.” Retorted Cas with a smug grin.
“Yeah okay.” said Dean as he took the controller. “Haven't actually played in a while, lucky you have this set up. Invite me over more often, or you know. Pretend to invite me and I'll just show up with drinks and food.”
“Good, because I don't either.” Cas hesitated before closing the distance between them completely, placing his lips over Dean's.
“Am I crashing here? I mean like...before I drink this? Can't have me like walking down the street later and I'm like tripping my own ankles and shit.”
"Okay, you got a point there. Let's keep this between us for now, I don't want Benny and Sam all over us, because shit, we are not going to see the end of this one.” He laughed.
“Uuh, thanks man. Your... your eyes are pretty rad too. They are like so damn green, you know? Like freaking insane green. I am sure chicks dig them so bad, bro.” Cas shot him a half smile. “Ha, yeah man, thanks.  If it makes you feel better, if I was a chick I would like, totally be onto you.”
Castiel shifted around lazily, groaning. He slowly opened his eyes, a frown on his face, as Dean shook him. “I’m sleeping, goddamit. “
Castiel smiled softly. “Yeah dude, kinda like that,” he said and patted the side of Dean’s face. “You were right, you hella need a mint right now.” He laughed.
“Yeah man...” he pressed his lips together into a fine line “Thank god you are dressed, otherwise your ass would be on the pavement right now, bro. And come on, I remember last year's at Benny's, and you were hugging that toilet all night long.”
“Dude are we trying to get smashed? Not my fault if I pass out on your couch.” He laughed a bit. “Yeah give me some of that crap, best poor money can buy.”
you do anything... but we did have a bet, you still haven't said what it is going to be when you lose.” He leaned in. “Or are you backing down now, Winchester?”
“I am not going to
Castiel nodded slightly and pressed his nose bridge between his thumb and index, closing his eyes. “Yeah man, don't sweat it about the Lisa thing, that was the whole point of this thing.” He looked at the table and spotted the empty bottle of whiskey. “I can't believe we drank all that crap. You were pretty damn wasted towards the end,” he laughed lightly “you thought everything was hilarious.”
Castiel leaned in and pressed his lips against Dean’s. Dean relaxed slightly before leaning into it, hesitantly putting his hands around the side of Cas’s neck, leaning even more. The kiss progressively deepened, lasting for a while, before Dean broke it, clearing this throat.
“Ok. Awkward.”  Muttered Dean.
“Dude what? That was some shitty gibberish from someone buzzed. How could that be the nicest thing you've heard? Dude that's just fucked up...you need to be like...told you're awesome and shit cause you are.”
“It's okay man, I totally get you if you aren't up in your game right now. That shit happens. I… I think is good you know. Like, if you are not depressed or some shit, you can take some time off...” said Cas, rubbing the back of his neck a little.
Cas served them both the whiskey in red SOLO cups. “Hell yeah.” He raised the cup solemnly, like he was giving a toast. “We are gathered here today to get wasted until your brain cells die and you are forced to forget all that chick stuff that's making you act all funny and shit.”
“Hey, I was drunk alright? GIve me some credit. I didn't put them up here when i was sober. Plus you didn't either.”
“I seriously don't know how you got that word....but it suits you.” Said Dean returning the small smile. “Guess I owe you for not ditching me and shit. What did you say earlier? Comfort me? Yeah this was probably helluva lot better than that loud party...plus nothing awkward.”
“I am sure you are, assbutt.” Cas smiled at him before handing him a controller. “Now let me show you how the pros game.”
“Yo sorry, man. No homo.” Replied Cas in defense, holding up his hands.
“Yeah man I really wish I had one of those sofa beds, you know them? Then we could just like share the thing and crash here.” He blushed and talked nervously. “I mean, like, not like that you know. Just like... no homo dude. I will just go get the things now.” He awkwardly shuffled to his room.
“Okay bro, let's do that.” He lightly punched his arm. “Fuck that party, we are going to have a fuckin-A time. We'll get us some tall-boys and a couple regular Heineken and get this shit STARTED.” Said Cas, yelling a little at the end.
Dean followed in after Cas. “Hmm, don't remember the last time I was here. Cleaner than I thought it would be.” He said, glancing around. “So where do you want this shit?” He wiped his shoes down on the mat and lifted the bags. “So what? Am I supposed to take off my shoes?”
“Damn way to treat me.” He laughed. “I'd at least treat you to breakfast and take you home. Just gonna kick me out like that? Heartless. You know what, fuck you. At least I didn't throw up on your floor for drinking that much. AND I kept my feet off your things.”
they were going on the same direction. Dean tried not to start a conversation, looking away and checking his phone.
“Oh Shit. Cas, dude, wake up,” he said startled, shaking Cas’s shoulder. “Dude! Wake up!”
“…Alright. Later.” Said Dean, giving him one reassuring punch in the arm.
“Go ahead and be a gentleman then.” He handed him the paper bag with the rest of the booze, arching an eyebrow. “But if you drop it, you pay it.”
“I uh....is that...is that how we kissed last night?”
Dean sighed, checking his phone for a moment before putting it back in his pocket. “Dude that was months ago, can't I just like take a break or something?” He glanced at Cas. “Alright if you're really concerned I'll tell you, but if you're gonna start flapping those lips around I'll drop you so fast that your head will spin, got it?”
“You do that and I'll have MY boot up your ass.” Replied Cas back from the living room. He smiled as he inserted the disk in. “By the way, we are playing Modern Warfare, I ain’t playing that shitty Black Ops you like so much. There are some pretzels and stuff on the cabinet over the sink.”
“Tell you the truth, neither am I... probably why I was so bummed when the Lisa thing was over. But dude, I'm a fucking dick. If you're going to be romantic or whatever and like be into that long relationship thing, girls would love you. Fuck whatever the guys say, if you're happy and you find that chick and she sticks around -which I know she would- then who the fuck cares what they say.”
Cas looked back at him and sipped on his beer. “Yeah Dean, I told ya man you can come whenever you want and I can teach you how to play. You know, just so you don’t embarrass yourself as much as you are doing now.”
“Dude can you not bring that up?” Dean sighed. “Yeah, we had a thing for a while but I guess it just didn't click. Sex was great though, but broke it off.” He waved his hand dismissively. “Well if you're going, you can go get shitfaced for me or stoned or whatever it is you do when you go party.”
“HA, aren't you the funny one. At this level of drunkenness I wouldn't have to close my eyes to make it work for me, tho.” He laughed and sipped his drink. “But don't get your hopes high, huh.” He laughed.
“Dude, why. Not to be a dick and all but I spent all of yesterday talking about how much of a douchebag I was. I have told you...you're a nice guy. Really nice. You could do waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better. If this is just like some experiment thing then I won't say anything about it.”
is okay with being found.” He laughed slightly.
“That sounds like a fucking ritual when you say it like that. I mean we can but do we need to? Like just going to come up to them like, hey we got wasted and made out so now we're dating, cool with you guys?”
Dean blushed as he meet Cas's stare. “I don't....I haven't brushed my teeth...I probably taste like alcohol...and shit. Dammit Cas, don't leave me for my rambling! If you're gonna do it, do it. I already told you I wasn't disgusted.”
Dean rolled his eyes “Bitch.” He closed the apartment door with a smile on his face.
Castiel looked back at him and stared at him for a moment before speaking again. “Yo, would you be freaked out if kissed you again?”
“Seriously dude? That chick was hella, I am sorry it didn't work out.” Cas frowned “Also, what the hell bro, I ain’t no junkie... that was like just one time and that was totally because of you.” He patted Dean’s back. “Hey come on, you are not gonna miss this party. Bros before hoes, Dean.”
Cas grinned and finished his drink before pouring more into both cups. “Bring it on freckles, you call the bet, I am winning either way.”
“Oh fuck you, you dick.” Dean laughed. “Nah, playing COD would be great. Kills some sons of bitches, get a little tipsy and call it a night.”
“Our secret,” said Castiel, returning the smile. “Duuuude, really?” he put his feet on the couch where Dean was seated. “Hallway, the door on the right. It's not like my apartment is the white house, you are not getting lost.”
Dean returned the smile. “Yeah...our secret. Just for tonight, maybe...” He tucked his fingers under Cas's chin and pulled him back into a kiss. “You're a great kisser...” He mumbled a little before going back to kissing. Dean ended up lying on his back with them making out some more. He broke the kiss again after a while and yawned.  “Dude, I'm tired.... grab me that blanket, will ya?”
“You still game, Winchester?” laughed Castiel.
“Cas...do you like me? Like, like me like me?” Dean said, looking over at Cas. “I mean...I'm not gonna think any less of you man. I just. i'm curious. I...” He rubbed the back of his neck and looked away.
“What? ...what, no. I meant like in... not in that way. what?” Castiel replied, nervous.
Castiel pressed his temples and let out a sigh “Shit, bro. It does matter, and you know I am part glad and part bothered that you don't remember the whole deal. Because... Because it fuckin matters, yo. And this is so weird, man, and I have to know what tha hell you think about it, because I don't know.”
“Of course I'm funny, I make you laugh at my jokes all the time.” Dean grinned. “Oh, I'm appalled, you saying I'm not pretty enough for you. I see how it is.” He pretended to flip his hair and snorted.  “Dude, gimmie that drink. Everything is hilarious when you're drunk. It's great.” He poured a bit more and drank it slowly.
“Yeah bro, cool story.” Said Cas, raising his fist for Dean to bump it… of course, Dean went for a high five. “Oh...” Cas quickly changed his tactic, opening his palm to receive him. Sadly, Dean had thought the same and there he was going for a bro-fist.
“Yeah whatever. We'll see who wins and when I can think more clearly, you'll regret making this bet with me there, shorty.” He laughed again before drinking half the cup, his words slurring a bit more than before.
Cas looked down at Dean. “Yeah man, you have like your mouth filled with the fucking truth. Screw what everyone says. I shouldn't care. Who the hell cares who and how do I love, right? Like, it should be none of their business if I don't want to score with a different chick every weekend.”
“Yeah, sorry. Just freaked out a little. So… same way huh?”
“You will eat your words, Winchester.” Laughed Cas.
“Oh, so now you care about sharing spit?” Castiel said, taking a gulp of water and swallowing his pill. He paused a moment and then, OH FUCK. WHAT DID I JUST SAY, crossed his mind.
“I don't even know, Dean. You make me so confused...” Castiel blushed deeper. “I want to be your friend, but every time I see you I just can't stop thinking this stuff, man. I am not supposed to, because we are friends, and you are my homeboy.”
Cas looked back at the street where they were walking, averting his eyes from Dean. “Word. So… Hey, you going to Lisa’s tonight? I heard all ya home boys were going.”
Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit.
“No we wouldn't. Our secret then.” He smiled “And I'm totally going to use your toothbrush, fuck you mean use my finger.” Dean got up and stretched a bit. “Where's your bathroom?”
“Still shorter than me.” He smiled before bumping shoulders with Cas. “I like these names you're calling me. It’s good for my self esteem, gorgeous.” Dedan clicked his tongue and winked over the rim of the cup before tipping it back.
“Keep fuckin dreaming, Winchester.” Cas grinned. He spotted the liquor store, now just across the street and raised his fist. “Right on.”
“Exactly. You'll find someone Cas. I know you will.” He grinned. “You're a fine piece of ass, which sounds really gay but it's true. So I'm sure someone will bite the bait soon. Then you can go around flaunting how happy you are and then maybe thank me for giving you such great advice. Then you know...lends me your game stuff.”
“Thanks man.” He smiled a little at Cas before drinking some of the whiskey. “Dude...this taste like shit.”
“Okay...I don't really remember but you're probably right. But then...how the hell did we end up under the blankets together?” Dean breathed out.
Dean put the pillow behind him before he wrapped an arm around Cas, scooting in a bit. He fixed the blanket over them and brushed his hair slightly before closing his eyes and settling in. “Better?”
“Yeah I guess it’s pretty rad or whatever.” He said looking around, a can still in his hand. “I ain’t hammered yet.” He stood up. “Wait up, bro, I got us some good stuff... If you can handle it, of course. “ He walked to the kitchen and came back with the cheap whiskey he had got at the store. He shook the bottle as he came back into the room. “Look at this yo, some of the finest whiskey they got...among the cheapest. More like the cheapest there is. But still, this shit can get you drunk like whoa.”
“You're on some weird shit man, I told you I wasn't acting up, just taking break is all. Why do I seem different to you? Ya know? Sides the fact that I haven't been parting as hard as I used to?”
Castiel mockingly made a military salute. “Right on, Captain.” He stood up and walked to the bathroom “If you declined my McDonalds, I expect fuckin Don Perignon with my caviar, bro.”
Dean grunted before he looked over at Cas, laughing. “Yeah that sounds a helluva lot better than some party. But dude, I'm not tearing up about some chick. I don't do that type of shit.”
“So, like, I just wanted to say this has been fun, man. Seriously, we should hang out more often and do stuff, because you are a nice person and I like you, and whatever. So, yeah.” Cas rushed more whiskey down his throat.
“Hit it and quit it, bro.” Castiel winked and laughed a little. “Woah, what a great accomplishment, dude. You badass.”
Cas’s cheeks felt numb. “What? Nah man... you know, just like...regular or somethin. It's not like I spend hours on this thing. Truth is, you just suck at it.” He laughed and took a sip of his beer, no longer caring about the drinking game.
“That a challenge there, Cas? Challenging drinker Dean? Please.” He drank again, keeping the liquid in his mouth for a little. “Doesn't taste as shitty after a while. So gonna try to down me there blue eyes? What cha gonna bet me if you can't hold your end?”
It took Castiel a moment to realize what was going on. “Oh shit.” He jerked backwards, almost falling off from the couch. Dean catched Cas’s arm to steady him, but removed his hand quickly.
“Fuck you, man. I am going to go to your place and look through YOUR shit and step on your couch. See how you like that. And thanks, I like to keep things in order.”
Well, I think blondes, yah that's right.  But you know, the dark kind of blonde? And... freckles, dude. Freckles are totally a thing.” He took a sip of his drink. “And colored eyes, bro. You know, the kind of eyes that you just can't stop staring at?” He looked at him before looking back at his drink. “Anyways, yeah, that would be cool, or whatever.”
“I know dude, she was. But I guess it's just whatever man.” Dean looked at Cas again. “You know it was better to have tried it with me than with some creep at the party, you would have got your ass handed. Posted you all over the internet or some shit. But seriously...what's with you trying to get me to this party? Scared you gonna be bored and need someone to talk to?” He teased.
Cas drank more and nodded with a little laugh. “We are attractive fellas. But seriously bro, I rather be here with you than at some lame-ass party with a bunch of fake chicks, man. I am having a hell of a time right here.” He raised his cup. “And anyway, being serious for a moment... I don't have much luck on the girl department anyway. Just don't tell the guys, I will not see the end of that one.”
“Yeah yeah, you keep saying that...” mumbled Cas. “Yeah man, bring me one of those tall-boys I got, and get one for you. We playing this right. Once we finish these, we can bring on the good stuff.”
“Thanks Dick.” Dean rolled his eyes a bit before he picked up his drink and finished it. “I think....I think you're lying about not playing it for hours.”
“Shorty? I am almost your height, you assbutt.” He softly punched him in the arm. Cas laughed and drank more of his cup, his cheeks warming up from the alcohol. “You gonna lose, pretty boy.”
“Oh, right. Sorry. I…” He tilted his head. “I don't know man. I am not sure I have a type...
Cas sipped his drink. “Okay Dean, sounds fair. Oh I am sure I am not going to be the one hugging the toilet. You've drank more than me, green eyes. Although that could be settled.” He drank more.
“What? No. You didn't make me uncomfortable! Not that I am saying that what happened made me comfortable. I mean. It did. But not like that. Ya feel me? Fuckinshit. Let's just forget about this whole deal, okay?!”Castiel said, walking around the room nervously.
They kept playing and drinking until there was just one can in the six pack. Dean drank most of them, getting worse and worse at the game and growing tipsy. His cheeks were a little rosy from the drinking by now.
“Thanks man.” Dean smiled a little. “I'm not depressed. Maybe a bit bummed that she probably hates me now but…” he shrugged. “What can you do? It's whatever... So you're going to that party? Don't do stupid shit is all.”
“Okay then, tough-boy.” He said tossing him another can. “Keep it up.”
“What am I into? Like…” Cas cleared his throat. “Like, what do you mean?”
Castiel nodded. “Yeah, it does....” They both laughed. “It does get you drunk, so who cares.” he said before taking a pause. “So, Dean...”
Castiel looked at the floor. “Yeah, we kissed... a lot. And I lied because you didn't seem to know what had happened and I didn't want to freak you out or anything bro. You were drunk, so was I, and... well, it doesn't matter now.”
“Nah man. I'm not gay. Just not feeling it. Don't wanna get shitfaced then end up somewhere I don't remember.” He said shaking his head lightly, “Why, are you going?”
“Aww...you would kick me out? Grand treatment you're giving me.” Dean laughed. “And shut up. At least I made it to the bathroom, alright?”
Cas turned to him with a confused look in his face. This wasn’t the reaction he was expecting. “What's wrong with you, dawg? I heard there will be booze, you don't want to get wasted or what? You gay or somethin?” he said, examining Dean’s expression.
Cas arched an eyebrow. “What? ...Nah man, you can keep them on. Just don't be a douchebag. Refrain from putting them up the couch or something.” He shrugged and pointed at the bags in Dean’s arms. “You can shove that in the freezer, I'll get the console started up so I can beat your ass legally.”
“Not in that way? Cas we haven't really shared food before. Let alone drinks. You should know that...don't leave your drinks unattended.” He stared a bit at Cas with a quizzical look. “Since we've been awake, you've been...you've been saying a lot more about last night than I can. Did I do something? I'm really sorry if i did something stupid or made you feel uncomfortable.”
“Dirty blonde with freckles? That sounds like you have a type. Colored eyes huh. I didn't...I didn't see you the type to go light hair, I'm into dark hair colors, but I see what you mean with colored eyes...” He poured out a bit more to drink. “Like dude your eyes are like this ice blue that just kinda...I don't know but I like them. They're pretty awesome, but if I didn't know better I'd say you were describing me.” He laughed a little before laughing. “If I was a chick I'd pounce on you so fast. Well, you know, if I was a chick…”
Cas shrugged and waved his hands lightly. “I don't know, it's just like you have not been the same, you know. It's not like you worry me,
“Oh ha ha, I can bench your ass. Give me the other shit too, since you paid for it I'll carry it.”
Cas looked down at Dean's lips and then back at him. “Yeah man, I am sure I'll find the one soon enough.” He smiled. “Let's just hope
“Nah man, just me. Sometimes a homie will crash here to play some video games, one party or two a month... sometimes that bitch Crowley shows up out of nowhere, you know him right? Anyway... ya, it's pretty much just me. And thanks, I try to keep the place shit free.” He said and quickly finished his drink.
“Right so you're going to comfort me right if I just cry.” Dean laughed with him. “Don't you want to comfort me, man. Broken heart and all and you're being so cruel.” He bumped his shoulder with him. “I'm offended.”
Cas blushed slightly and took another drink. “Well you know... like, seriously man if you tell this to the guys I will fucking kick your ass... but I am more of a romantic kind of guy. You feel me? I will never admit to it, right, but I am not actually into that banging chicks every weekend deal.”
Dean looked down at his drink before swirling it around, thinking about how he had been acting now. “Yeah...alright.”
“ ...I won't talk about this if you won't....”
“Of course you are pretty enough, don't be silly.” Cas poured more on his own cup and shook the bottle slightly. “We are running low on booze, duck lips, and by how hilarious everything is for you now, I think I am winning this bet.” He smiled and drank more.
“Well soooorry. I'm about 82% sure I offered to sleep on the ground. How I stayed up here I don't know but if you're mad bro, I'll make it up to you. Dunno how but I can.”
“Yeah sure man, I think I have a couple left.” Castiel walked to the kitchen and opened the cabinet above his head, taking out a SOLO cup and a box of pills. He rested his head against the wood as he tried to take out the advils. Shit. This is hell. “Really, dude. Forget about it. Either way there is nothing to do breakfast with, I haven't bought groceries this week. Living on Ramen and McDonalds.” He came back to the living room with a cup full of water and the miracle pills.
I suppose, from an objective standpoint. But I had to cooperate with Crowley. So my day has left something to be desired.
He fell asleep leaning against his headboard with the paper on his chest.
Suddenly, Dean has a fucking crazy idea. “Can you come back to the bunker?” he blurts out, before he has the chance to back down. “Don’t force yourself if you don’t want to be here, or if you’re not done your business yet. But. I want you to know. I really want you here. I love it when you’re here. This is where you belong, man. Because you’re my friend too.”
never posted something with chapters so thats wild.
After having a straight week (ha ha) of wet dreams about men, Dean woke up and finally tore down the art installation of denial that had been the crown jewel of his mind for years.
He feels vulnerable, pinned down by the weight of Castiel’s suddenly intense stare. “What kind of family are we, Dean?” he squints and furrows his eyebrows, tilting his head. Dean feels himself involuntarily tilt his head in empathetic response, as if he’s attached to him by a fucking invisible string.
There is a pause.
And no angel has belonged to the Earth as much as Castiel.
“I need you,” Dean obeys, gasping as Cas moves against him. “I need you. I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you,
Lightning strikes the tree by the lake in half. It splits like it’s been snapped in two. He does not react. The light flashes on the water, an answering crack of energy echoes back from the mountains across the bay. Thunder rolls through the bones of the ground. He does not move.
He can’t lose Castiel, so he can’t take risks with him. He has to tiptoe around what they have, skirting the edges, reaching out to test the waters. He’d rather live with the ache forever than have Cas reject him. He would die if Castiel was disgusted by him.
If he tries to touch her she’ll cut his fucking fingers off one by one.
there's a background of like, violence and unsettling imagery in this and also implications and discussion of gendered violence and misogyny. there is the implied reality that john has forced mary to be with him.
“You know,” she says. “You’re going to Hell now. You really should have been nicer to me.”
Cas leans down and kisses him on the mouth, then on the nose, his chin, his cheeks, both eyelids, moves to his neck and presses kisses up to his ear. When he gently pulls at Dean’s earlobe with his teeth and licks it, Dean whines
Dean bites his lip. “Hey Cas,” he looks at him from under his eyelashes and sucks suggestively on a finger that’s messy with pizza sauce. Sam feels like he’s fallen into a parallel universe.
by Cas, who just stands there holding him under the water. “You’re so beautiful,” Cas rumbles in his ear, sounding unbearably sincere, as always, kissing the space on his neck just below. “Thank you for wanting me.”
When he finally gets a hand around him, Dean chokes back a sob. “I love these,” Castiel breathes, pressing little kisses to the freckles at the base of Dean’s neck. “Have you ever heard the story that all freckles are kisses from angels?” he’s moved on to the ones on his shoulder, and Dean can’t stop shaking. “It’s not true, obviously, but if it were,” he pauses to suck a kiss on his collarbone. “I would make sure you had freckles everywhere.”
bet u wish ud stayed for coffee with me instead
“Dean?” Castiel interjects and Dean hums. “You are beautiful and kind and brave and good and your soul shines brighter than every star in the sky, but you are an absolute moron.”
“You’re being a child, Dean-”
“Does anyone else know?” Sam stole a sip of Dean’s coffee.
smile.
“Can’t I just want to talk?” Castiel sounds a touch amused, a touch fond, but the fond part is probably just all in Dean’s head. Wishful fucking thinking.
“Buy you a drink?” Dean asks, taking a sip of his own.
I have four separate parts of this fic  with no connective tissue. i'll put two parts in this chapter: the lofty and dramatic exposition, obviously, and also castiel's journey down to hell after his imprisonment to retrieve his sword.
fair. He feels like he’s losing his mom for a second time, except this time she’s choosing to leave him. He isn’t what she wants, isn’t who she wants to be with. And that’s just it, isn’t it? The real kicker. He thought that he could rebuild his family from scratch like a patchwork quilt, which is why he kept ignoring the signs that Mary felt like an alien in his world, why he kept ignoring Sam’s raised concerns.
especially for us. We aren’t Naomi, we aren’t
“You’re so
Dean wishes he could disappear into the floor. "Oh fuck that was such a horrible thing to say, I'm so sorry," his voice is small and ashamed and he's just praying he doesn't actually cry right now because that would be so fucking pathetic and he doesn't want Cas to feel sorry for him. This is why they never talk about shit. Because he can't have an adult conversation, man to man, without acting like a goddamn child.
Cas huffs a final amused breath next to Dean’s ear, before turning serious. “But Dean, I really did mean to ask you what’s upsetting you.”
Wait a second what the fuck did he just say.
(See the end of the chapter for
She rolls her eyes. “Well, you just got that, uh, pervy,
He seems to have gained a second wind. “Yeah,” he says, firmly. “It’s called ‘science’.”
“Where the hell is Castiel?” Dean demands, almost accusatory.
“…So I’ll probably be back home sometime before sunrise,” Cas speaks carefully, like he’s concerned he’s misinterpreted something, gotten the wires crossed.
“But I-” Dean wants to explain himself. He wants to say
“Okay, Dean,” he says, too stunned to try and discuss this with a brother who’s been cursed to forget. He decides to order takeout. Who knows what Dean will do if they go out again before backup arrives? He might forget about looking both ways and walk into traffic.
All of their lives seem to be balancing on the edge of a knife these days and she’s more startled by the fact that it doesn’t seem to faze her than she is startled by the idea of death. She’s been dead for a long time. Still, she can’t shake the dull thumping beat of her heart that continues to ask
says a voice. It’s coming from everywhere, sounds like it’s coming from the sky up above them, filling in this absence of space.
“That’s what I mean, Dream,” he says. “Hell is the kingdom of Nightmares.”
“Hello, Dean,” they’ve closed the distance and Castiel is cradling Dean’s face in his hands.
Castiel blushed and looked away “What? I… I don't know, man. Maybe it was cold or something and we didn't notice?” He paused before looking into Dean’s eyes, hoping to find some kind of recognition on them. “So, like… you don't remember anything, dude?”
“Hey what can I say, you are a... a cool dude.... and well, since you are so bad at this game it would be unfair for me to mock you. You feel me?” Cas laughed nervously “Yah, I wonder that too.”
Cas looked at Dean, something tingling in his chest, before slowly standing up. “Yeah man, sure. I totally forgot about that. I... You are taking the couch, right?”
“How can I forget when don't even know what happened?!”
“Who you think I am if you want me to pay like 50 bucks for a bite of food. You're out of your mind. Hurry up dude, can't deal with your slowness.” Dean said, leaning by the doorway.
“Can i have one too? Over the panic that I did something stupid, I'm getting a headache.” He looked up at Cas. “I can make it up, swear. For last night and for stepping on your couch,” he said, standing up. “I can offer to make you food. I dunno. What would you even need?”
Cas rubbed the back of his neck “Yeah, sure... humm, pretty busy here sometimes, you know... a lot of ladies and shit...” He cleared his throat, maybe the awkwardness would go that way. “So you gonna chit chat or can we get to play now? Each time you die you gotta drink.”
“Well I can't stop thinking about it if you're so riled up about it! I just want to know what the hell happened last night!”
“Grand treatment you giving to your guest.” He laughed. “Tell you what, you take the blanket, I'll take the pillow and then we both get something. Don't expect me to care for you when you are hugging the toilet tomorrow.” He grinned before drinking more.
“Course dude, don't take me for some lightweight. I can handle my own. Now stop talking and let's get on with this.”
“Hell yeah, man! Let's get this shit started!” He said and handed over the six pack to Dean. “Take this... if your weak ass can carry it, of course.”
“Thanks Dean, that... that is really nice for you to say, man. I... yeah, that has to be like one of the nicest things someone ever said to me. You are a great guy yourself. Like seriously, I can't understand why would Lisa -or any girl- let you go, you know? Like, you are a really nice dude, and you are even good looking and shit.”
”Hmm?” Dean sipped on a bit more before glancing at Cas.
“I don't know, Dean. Maybe?” He let out a sigh “Yeah man, I guess I do.”
“Oh I get the privileges huh? Thanks dude, but I'm sure I can handle being without them more than you. Give me a couch cushion and I'll be good to go.” He took the cup and sipped. “We're going to be dead tomorrow, you know that, right?”
“Did you just compare me to a kitty, Dean? Seriously you just compared me to a kitten.” He laughed and rubbed the back of his neck. “You are a moron, dude.” He smiled at him. “Those are the only ones I got, but don't sweat it I can manage. You are the guest and all, you get the cool shit.” He poured more whiskey into their cups. “Here, man, we gotta finish this thing.”
“Ya know, like what's your type? Blondes? Red heads? Feisty? Nerdy? I dunno man, like what are you into?” He drank the rest of the whiskey in his cup, his cheeks were flushed red now, and he looked at Cas curiously.
“Oh dude, come on. You know, you could stay for breakfast. I cook some mean ramen.”
“Well, you are the first person, buzzed or not, to ever tell me that. So, thank you... for real. Well, it means a lot to me, specially coming from you.” He finished his drink and poured a little more whiskey into his cup.
