"I didn't know he was dying!" Pepper protested at the same instant.  "No more than you did when he gave you the suit without giving it to you!"
She kissed his cheek lightly, "That's what you think. But, yes I do remember him being an artist."
Steve lowered the towel to dry his torso, seeming focused on that, but watching Tony through the fogged up mirror, swallowing hard. "You've got quite the way with words."
Steve carefully picked up the kitten, "I'll see about getting him settled in then and we'll take him to the vet tomorrow."
"I saw some footage, but it obviously not enough," Steve said, jaw tense but his tone subdued.
“Guess we’ll have to see,” Tony said, scrambling out of bed and jumping into his clothes with practiced ease, running his hands through his hair and resting for a moment on his arc reactor before dropping them to his sides.
"I’ve got every right to question him,” Clint snapped. "He tried to take over the entire world, Tony, he's not the type you steal olives from.” When Tony opened his mouth, he rolled right over. "He killed thousands of people. He threw you out a window. This is not a buddy situation!"
"I'll do my best to avoid it," Bruce said, finally pushing away from the counter and leaving the room to find Clint.
"He's an idiot," Clint said. "In a really genius level way. Nothing, I suppose. But now I know for certain Loki is in town."
"I work with Darcy, my life is spent watching strange people," Jane answered, leaning her head briefly against his arm.
"So you're not moping around Thor?" Tony asked.
"If it's a fake, I'll kill you," Victor said, plucking it from his hand. "But it's good you have something. After all, you've been fairly useless since returning to our world." He slid the apple up a sleeve, stashing it so quickly it was like he had never held it at all.
Tony looked over at him. "Huh," he said and set the armor down, walking over to his bar. "Drinks all around," he replied, handing Clint the first of what soon became many.
"Eh, the longer that gets held off, the better," Tony said, turning the glass in front of him around several tips before knocking the rest of it back. "Because I'd like to enjoy basking in the whole glowy part of the relationship."
"Yeah," Clint said and turned back to Bruce, still holding the plate. "Why are you so scared of a kitten, anyway?"
Rhodey sighed, but he managed not to bury his face in his hands. "Tony isn't a generous person easily, so he tends to throw it around instead of being kind about it. Take the offer but that's one I might not read into. Not on its own. He's thinking he's being helpful."
Clint gave him an appraising look like he had given the Hulk when he first arrived on the battlefield. "You are welcome," he replied before giving a tiny shrugged.
"I am certain the city would still be standing when she left," Thor deadpanned over.
"Sortta already have," Clint said.
"Any suggestions?" She asked.
"I do insist," Steve said, shaking his head.  "I'm beginning to understand some of the things Colonel Rhodes said."
"I've been a bit more active in looking for information about what happened to Tony, so yes."  He shook his head slightly, letting his gaze move around the office briefly before focusing back on Rhodey, "I'm not really expecting you to tell me much, but the files I can find are redacted, and I know how skewed the news can be."
He blinked at her for a moment, "We won't?"
"No, you asked about Stane, the arc reactor came later," Rhodey said, though his eyes flickered at the fact Steve knew that much now. "You knew Howard, right?"
"Do you want help with the lights?" Clint asked, suddenly appearing at his side and taking note of where the mistletoe was so he could avoid it.
Unlike Clint who he did not understand at all.
He blinked, narrowing his eyes. "Just so we're clear?" he said, waving a hand between him. "I resent this alliance you've struck with my AI to plot against me."
"You are actually supposed to kiss," Clint added. Tony was obviously glaring at him before he shrugged, turning and leaning up, clearly intending to just brush his mouth against Steve's cheek.
Not one to let such a plea go unanswered, Tony positioned himself at Steve’s entrance and pushed in.  “You’re still so fucking tight,” Tony moaned, bottoming out and holding himself there.  “God, Steve.”  He lowered himself down onto Steve’s chest, seeking out his lips and exchanging a messy, desperate kiss.
Tony pulled his fingers free and quickly replaced them with his cock.  He’d been hard as hell for what felt like an hour – but moreover, he didn’t want Steve to feel empty right now.  He pushed in slowly, groaning at the tight heat.  “Better, baby?”  Tony asked.  He propped himself up on one hand, using the other to stroke Steve’s face.
“You’re more beautiful than that.”  Steve kissed him again before pulling away, shooting Pepper a hard look as he passed.  He didn’t like her proprietary air towards Tony – and he was already wary that she’d upset his lover.
It was a good thing this was round two since they got home – and technically round three for Tony, if he counted a blow job during dinner – because it gave him a little extra control.  Steve was always tight, but with such rushed prep it was even more intense.  Tony put his hands on Steve’s hips to guide him, hoping to keep him from rushing – to savor this moment.
Guilt flooded Tony.  “I’m sorry.”  He ran his fingers through the hair at the nape of Steve’s neck.  “I didn’t fly in there just to be a cowboy or a hero… and I didn’t argue with you just to be a jackass.”  He paused.  “Well.  When we got in here, I was arguing mostly to be a jackass.”
Tony did -- he just wasn't sure he liked other people looking at Steve in it.  Not like that.  "Lose the gloves, Cap -- I want to feel you."  Tony looped his arms around Steve's neck.  "What's the play, soldier?"
Tony’s grin was fond and mischievous.  “I like the way you think, Rogers.”  He traced his finger in a symbol on Steve’s chest.  “Still thinking about a ring then?”
“Jackass.”  Steve rolled abruptly, pinning Tony down on the bed.  “You could try making me hold off.  Not sure how effective that would be –”
~ * ~
Tony laughed.  “No.  No, it’s not.”  He pulled up a holographic screen.  “Can you go to video?”
“Challenge accepted,” Steve mumbled, licking Tony’s nipples to hardness.
Steve raised an eyebrow at Tony, who waved a hand in agreement.  “Sixteen – well, I guess it’s seventeen days now.”  His expression softened, and he lifted their clasped hands to his lips to kiss the back of Tony’s knuckles.
“ – went ahead and fell for you anyway, and I – ”
“Not that rough,” Steve promised.  But he wasn’t taking his time prepping Tony, either.  Two fingers only – quick and brisk, the bare minimum of prep… and wouldn’t have been enough, if they hadn’t been doing this more regularly than either of them would admit.
“It’s not like buying me a new suit, Tony,” Steve protested.
“Fucking troll.”  Tony pulled gently on Steve’s hair, his eyes dancing.  “Who says I want you to?  What if I want to top, hmm?”
Tony had quietly invited Steve to move into the penthouse with him, and Steve had accepted.  It didn’t take long for all his belongings to be fitted in among Tony’s, looking like they’d always belonged there.  Tony had given him an entire closet and then proceeded to fill it with new suits and expensive, fashionable clothes – until Steve laughingly forbade it, threatening to create rule six to prevent excessive spending.  (He still wore the ridiculous t-shirts and pajamas that other people picked out for him, to see their pleased expressions.)
Steve’s lips curved against his.  “I promise too, doll.  And I agree, it’s extremely unlikely that you’ll leave me unsatisfied.”  He slid a hand down Tony’s body.
“Don’t get used to it.”  Tony waited until she’d left the dining room before turning back to Steve.  “You sure you’re okay with this?”
“Whoa, hey.”  Steve’s eyes flew to Natasha.  “We aren’t – this isn’t – we’re not some sideshow act to be gawked at.”
Tony squirmed and twisted until he was straddling Steve’s lap, then bent down to catch him in a searing kiss.  “Deal.”  He slid his hands into Steve’s blond hair, using it to guide the taller man’s head back so that he could reach the underside of his chin.
By dessert, his hands were trembling.
“We’ll get there too, I promise,” Tony whispered.  “But I’m not done yet.”  He stood up fluidly and began to tug at Steve’s uniform.  “I want you the rest of the way naked… and lie down, okay?”  Then he stepped into the bathroom, thoroughly confusing Steve.
That successfully cut Pepper’s train of thought off at the station.  “How do you even know what pan – ”
“I didn’t come here to talk to Steve.”
“Well, we can try and find mad without scared,” Steve offered lightly.  “I mean, we fight enough idiots that surely I can get riled up over some asshole setting more robots on Central Park or a dipshit trying to genetically engineer mutant squirrels or something.”
Shifting, Steve spread his legs farther and canted his hips forward to make it easier for Tony to finger him.  His head tilted back against the tile and he sighed.  “Your hands – you know, they were the first thing I fantasized about.”
Steve nipped at Tony's lower lip before kissing him again, sweeter now.  "Maybe I like you being the sassy, bratty thing you are.  That ever occur to you?"  He leaned on one arm so that he could stroke Tony's face -- just once.  At the slight flinch, he rolled off Tony and reached into another pocket for a packet of wet wipes.  He extracted one for himself and tossed the packet to Tony.
“God, you’re adorable.”  Tony chuckled.  “Suppose it’s only fair, I call you sugar in my head.”  He rolled his hips.  “I know you’re being all tender, sweetheart – but I’d really like to feel you inside me, and be able to kiss you.”
Mindful of his request for rough, Tony worked the fingers mercilessly.  Steve was writhing again, caught between two exquisite pleasures – that fucking velvet mouth, and those incredibly talented digits.
Steve was already getting hard again as Tony’s tongue caressed him.  He couldn’t tell Tony that it was from watching the fight on TV – that he’d been aching hard since the end of the fight, anticipating just this.  Even without having fought himself… Steve was dealing with an excess of adrenaline.  “Maybe you just have better coffee.”
“What?  Why?”  Steve’s eyes went wide.  “You’re incredible!”
Steve sat down hard on the edge of the tub.  “Okay.  Right.”  He blinked several times.  “Okay.  Shit.”
It wasn’t the frantic coupling they so often had – no sweat and grime from the battlefield, no desperation.  They moved fluidly together, a mutual give-and-take.  Tony sighed and moaned, arching up to meet Steve’s thrusts.  Steve kept his pace slow as long as they both could stand it – but no amount of self-control could prevent them from rising to the peak eventually.
“I’m not gonna hit you, doll,” Steve reminded Tony.  “And you ain’t gonna hit me.  Cycle’s over.  Nobody’s perpetuatin’ nothin’.”
Tony snorted.  “Steve, you’re a supersoldier built like a Greek god, with stamina enough to wear out a damned football team.”  He nudged a startled Steve off him to sit up.  “I’m considerably older than you physically, and… not in the best of health.”  He hunched his shoulders, unconsciously protecting the arc reactor.
“He didn’t corrupt me,” Steve protested as mildly as he could.
Outwardly, little of their relationship had changed – although their teammates had noticed that Tony was sleeping and eating at more regular intervals.  Tony knew that Steve wanted to tell them – but Tony was struggling with rule two.  Openness was frightening… and Tony was terrified of being rejected by his teammates.
"God, yes."  Tony unhooked his legs from Steve's waist so the he could work at Steve's belt, which he flung towards the gloves.  His hands were frantic.  "Need you to fuck me, Steve."
Tony’s eyebrows winged up, but he didn’t object.  “Alright.  Forbidden nicknames are rule number four, got it.”  He reached back to pat Steve comfortingly.  “I really hate that b-word for what we’re… I hate it.  You’re not a boy and neither am I, and it sounds so juvenile and – ”
“Just a date,” Steve murmured to him.  “Ignore the cameras, love.  This is about us having a good time.”
“You’re still my best friend, Tony,” Steve assured him softly.  “And we’ll keep it from changing how we work in the field.”  He kissed the back of Tony’s neck.  “There’s… there’s a couple names that it would be… that I’d rather you not use.”
Steve’s eyes met and held his.  “Does partners mean we aren’t hiding anymore?  Because as hot as it is to sneak around – I think I’d like to take my best guy out on a date.”
“If I let them see how stunning you are under that suit, they might think I’m willing to share,” Tony said lightly.  There was real possessiveness behind the words, but he stuffed it down out of the way.  It was one thing to wind each other up with taunts about including others to watch or play – it was another thing entirely to really consider it.
“Okay…?”
Tony hadn’t realized his eyes were closed until they flew open, looking at Steve in startlement.  “You know my song?”
“Whatever you say, Spangles.”  Tony winked at him, and Steve had to resist chasing after him to follow up on that expression.
Tony raised an eyebrow.  “We weren’t playing up anything, Pep.”
“Crystal, sir.”
“Like that, do you?”  Steve chuckled, then shifted to kiss down Tony’s abs.
Steve yielded easy against him, dropping his head to just rest there.  His head swam with things he couldn’t say.  “As soon as I can check on him myself, I’ll get out of here.”
“I thought I could handle it,” Steve said softly.  “I thought I could – could just have… have sex with you and ignore…”  He turned back to Tony, squaring those magnificent shoulders.  “I’m sorry.  I knew you didn’t want anything serious, and I – ”
“So much,” Steve promised, lifting him up off the stool.  Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist.  “Someday, I’m going to drop down on one knee like the romantic sap you accuse me of being, and I’m going to offer you a ring and beg you to marry me.”  He carried his partner through to the bedroom, laying him down on the bed and kissing him thoroughly.  “Someday, I’m going to stand next to you in front of all our friends and pledge to be yours forever.”  Steve sat up enough to strip his shirt off, though he didn’t pull away far enough to undress completely.  “Someday, I’m going to ask you to give me your name, and to take mine, so that anyone who ever says them knows we belong together.”  He buried his face in Tony’s neck, kissing and nibbling.
“Right.”  One more kiss, and Steve reluctantly released him to pull clothes back on.
It was delightful and terrifying.  But Tony was committed to not fucking this relationship up like he had so many others so… he agreed.
They didn’t do that often – well, okay, Tony was in complete denial over how often they had sex at all, he definitely wasn’t prepared to run the numbers on the topping ratio.  But from what he was willing to admit to himself, Steve topped more often than not.  Maybe that ratio needed to slip closer to equal, based on Steve’s reaction to just two spit-soaked fingers.
It was kind of relaxing – these were their typical pairs.  Bruce didn’t have as much difficulty fighting Thor – he knew that if he accidentally hulked out, Thor could restrain Hulk long enough for tranquilizers to be administered.  Nat and Clint had trained together for so long that it was more dancing than fighting.  And Steve had always enjoyed sparring with Tony… both for the delicious visuals of a sweaty body and the witty banter that accompanied it.
“I kind of meant more for tolerating my spontaneity than for the orgasm,” Tony admitted.  He nuzzled into Steve, stealing just a few more minutes.
Natasha arched an eyebrow sharply, her expression remaining otherwise unchanged, "That would be what he said."
Steve's muscles rippled under his skin at that touch, "Agreed. Do I ever get to see this prototype?"
Hesitating again, he dragged it forward. "And how has Stark Tower been?"
"I give it three," Natasha responded, as Steve excused himself and headed upstairs to his floor.
“It involved a long trip to Arlington, but it, it went well I guess,” Steve answered softly as he set his bag down by the end of the couch that faced the floor to ceiling windows opposite the elevator.
"Oh I've little doubt of that." She considered her fingernails for a moment, "Forgetting Christmas was an amusing story in and of itself."
Steve shook his head again, "Okay, so for a genius you don't always think things through and having drinks with Loki is pretty high on the list of 'things no one in their right minds should do,’ but you did it. He also hasn't been tearing up the streets of New York in all the time he's been around, so there may be something there."
"I think he'd walk out at that point," she answered honestly.
"Yes, sir?" Jarvis asked and seemed to actually pause. "Sir, Tony does not generally like animals. Is that a kitten?"
"That's correct."
“Though only the good ones,” Clint said, pointing the DVD case at Steve. “Too many movies rely on the tech now, instead of good storytelling. But I’ll be sure you get a really good taste of what films can do nowadays. But first, the theatrical cut of the Empire Strikes Back.”
"It's got my vote. It's better than Leland, your last attempt," Natasha said, perching on a chair.  "Clint's right though, what does this set do?"
Steve looked at Thor and shrugged.  Bruce drew another steadying breath before nodding, "At least break it before throwing it out."
“We’re not inviting the X-Men,” Steve said as Tony put away the cat treats. Almost instantly Samuel hopped down from his shoulders, walking along the counter and ignoring completely Tony’s sigh at his behavior.
“We’re not actually feeding an army, are we? Are there any more surprise guests coming?” Tony asked, looking around the room like maybe half of SHIELD was hiding in Nick’s coat.
“I’m pretty certain
"Alright, I've got a couple of experiments I need to check on, anyhow," Bruce murmured, stepping into the stairs down to the main floors.
Tony considered before tapping another sample to bring it up, a light brown with a vaguely geometrical design around the edges in a faded purple color. "How about it?"
"Go with that theme then and you've got one gift done," Natasha advised, heading toward the men's socks.
Tony laughed. "I'm trying to decide if I'm flattered or terrified."
He groaned, letting his head thud back. "Look, I understand it's a classic and the first and has great stuff and really moving stuff... but if I have to watch that staircase scene again, I will cry."
“This is relaxing,” Tony protested. “And, erm, spaceships?”
"We were busy.  And distracted.  We got caught up in other things until Clint realized it was Christmas Eve. No idea why Jarvis let that go. Maybe he has a sense of humor."
"It probably won't be the flattering things," Tony said.
"The thing about the picket fence, Clint?  You get two people fighting for it and who knows, it could happen."
"Oh hush," Tony said, and Clint looked over at the kitten, trying not to laugh hysterically. "I'm sure his face would work on the majority of the population. Especially when paired with a kitten." He paused a beat. "Actually, that would be the best sales campaign known to mankind."
The doctor looked down at Tony, "You're almost under the table. I don't believe you." He picked up the bottle of alcohol and offered it to Clint, "You were...close with Agent Coulson then?"
That seemed to snap Tony somewhat out of his daze. “That’s not funny,” Tony snapped, taking a step back like he was about to leave but he stopped instead, jaw working until he finally said, “None of my AIs have ever fallen in love before.” He almost ran when he realized what he said and had to keep himself still instead of slamming his head into the tiled wall.
Bruce took his glasses off, setting them and his notebook aside, "Oh that's right, you're pre-Christian.  Um, Yule."
"Is there anything I can do for you?"
“But, if this hadn’t happened to you,” Tony said, voice going even softer. “I wouldn’t have ever met you. We wouldn’t have this. So I’m sorry that I can’t be sorrier.”
Shifting his shoulders back, Clint didn't respond for a moment. "No, I couldn't have," he said finally. He'd gone to the apartment that he'd spent weeks in, when they had the rare moments tucked away without SHIELD or business, but it had hurt enough he'd grabbed only what he wanted and left, locking the door behind him. But he'd expected more time to let go.
Bruce offered him a faint smile, tempted to go down and check on Clint but deciding that he needed to give the other time to himself and turned toward the labs instead.
“Alright, I’m confused,” Tony admitted, Samuel perched on top of his shoulders and purring. “Did you just say Nick Fury was coming to Christmas?”
him some.
Bruce ran a hand over the back of his neck, looking amused. "Only you could manage this."
"Which is, frankly, not my concern in the least.  I've no desire to return to a cell and that's where I would go should I be there."
"Or you just get gift cards," she agreed, looking him over.
"So, I've been trying to think of what to do about the lack of viable fondue sets," he said, smiling softly.
"No," Steve answered, shaking his head. "This is about a scrawny kid from Brooklyn who still isn't sure he fits in his decades old new skin."
Tony's eyes flickered. "So why are you still asking questions?"
“He’s been upset a lot in the last three months,” Clint said, looking at the window as the rain started to fall. “I think it’s all directly proportional to how long it’s been since he’s seen Loki.”
"As drunk as I possibly can," he said, holding his glass up. "Cheers," he added, downing the glass.
"And I'm certain it wasn't a coffee pot," Tony said after a beat and paused, thinking the kitchen had been too quiet, even with the attempt at a blender he'd made at Natasha's passing comment about smoothies. "What did I send you?"
"Let's do the movie store first," Steve resolved, side-stepping a particularly harried looking shopper.
"Ugh, right," Tony said, finally sliding off from the counter.
"How much of a partnership in action as well as in name?" Steve asked, pieces continuing to fall into place and he disliked the picture they were giving him.
Steve offered Thor a smile, “Welcome back. We’ve missed having you around.”
"No, but Coulson told me about it." She rubbed her eyebrow and shook her head, "It's going to be a mess no matter which way they go."
Clint accepted as the kitten came back over, twining around his forearms and licking the inside of his wrist before hopping off the counter. Bruce watched the kitten cautiously, "He's growing up fast, isn't he?"
"Sure, I'll move in. It's not like there's anywhere else to go."
Steve nearly flinched at that, "Yeah, it would."
Bruce frowned, looking up at him. “So what are you asking, then?”
Steve was only a few blocks away from the tower when he thought he heard something.  He paused and turned down an alley, following the sound until he found a battered cardboard box with a small, scrawny, tabby kitten left alone. "Hey there little fella."  He kept his tone gentle, holding out a hand and quietly talking to the trembling ball of fur which had puffed up and hissed when it had seen him.  He shrugged out of his coat and finally picked up the kitten, wrapping it up in the fabric, "Shh, let's get you warm and something to eat, what d’ya say to that?  Would you like that?"
"Alright," he said, letting out a long breath. "Alright." He turned away from the window, offered her a tiny and hurt smile and moved back toward the kitchen. Natasha paused for a moment longer, watching the rain fall, before she turned and followed him back to the kitchen.
Stepping out and pulling his coat a bit tighter, Bruce shook his head, "I'm still trying to figure that out.  Any suggestions?"
"Yeah, but not for a while yet," Tony shrugged. "Though, I guess he'd need heirs at some point who would outlive him—say, does he have an Asgard sweetheart? Is he totally playing that double field?"
Eyebrows shooting up, Clint shook his head. "Not sure I want to hear that story, come to think of it," he said. His body language was open as he leaned into Bruce's space, but he had not reached out to touch him.
"And you've been standing there a while, haven't you?" Clint asked, bracing his elbows on his knees and looking up.
Lowering himself back down, Steve considered Tony for a long moment, "You're never going to stop surprising me, are you?"
The kitten cocked his head like he understood before delicately licking his paw.
"I think I've missed those, so far," Steve admitted. "So you have status in common?"
butler?"
"Yeah, I really, really know," he said.
Bruce paled at that, "You were what?"
“Star Trek’s a TV series, I’d say it’s too long at this point,” Bruce spoke, glancing at Tony.  “Are you weighing in on what we’re watching on your TV?”
"I'll try not to then," Steve answered, shaking his head slightly at them as he hung intricately painted globes on some of the upper branches.
"Two delightfully cognizant and entirely useless fondue sets," Charles responded, turning his attention away from the phone again briefly. "Kitty would you please make sure the younger students are out of the kitchen for the next few hours?" He returned to the phone as the girl went to take care of that, "Now, if you wouldn't mind coming and fetching them back, they should behave now."
"But you're the one who had the chance to tell him," Fury pointed out. "And you chose not to. So you don't have much of a leg to stand on in terms of high ground."
For a moment Clint just stared at him in horror. “Okay, you know what, I’m pretty sure even Steve knows there’s more than one kind of spaceship and he was frozen seventy odd years. You might not want to let Stark know, he’ll kick you out of the tower. Alright, come on, I might have to call in backup but you shall be educated in the things that really matter,” he said, with another firm nod before standing, dumping his dishes in the sink. “Come,” he declared forcibly, motioning Bruce to follow him.
"You're joking," Fury said, hands stilling.
Natasha arched an eyebrow and pulled back a sleeve of the coat to reveal the kitten, "My God, Steve, where did you find it?"
"And you've been sniping at each other ever since.  You confuse me, Tony, but I don't think it's a bad thing." Steve paused, realizing Tony mentioned he had been drunk then and very carefully decided not to ask about that.
"You know," Tony remarked. "These things have really cornered the market in trite."
"How much did you know about Phil anyway?" Clint asked, collapsing on the couch, spreading his arms along the top of it and throwing his head back.
"I've no idea what you're talking about," Loki drawled.
Victor tilted his head to one side, intrigued by the mention of destroying another world. He hummed again. "You'd be surprised at what some of us mere mortals can do then."
"Do this?" Tony asked, staring at the ceiling. "Which this? You gotta be specific."
"I think we can take that as a yes," Steve answered Bruce's question.  He glanced at Thor, "Christmas is tomorrow, but I don't see any reason why you couldn't."
Her muttered response in Russian was sharp enough that there was no doubting it was a curse.
Thor considered. "It's the right color," he declared.
“You are annoyingly confident,” Loki said.
Steve propped himself up on one elbow, "And how are you planning to leave the floor without Clint killing you?"
“I’m actually incredibly proud of you for this,” Rhodey said and Tony scowled at him.
“And then tomorrow I’ll introduce you to New Mexico,” Thor said and Loki’s eyes widened slightly in alarm. “It will be fun,” Thor added, as if he was talking about everything in the future.
"I suppose that's a neat trick," Tony said after a beat.
“Yeah?” Steve asked, voice dropping.
Tony flicked a hand at Charles, other hand holding both his fondue sets. “Whatever. I should send you something on purpose next time just to make your life hard.”
"Good night, Tony," Bruce replied, finishing his tea and retiring to his floor.
Natasha looked at Thor over the edge of her water glass, "A lot happened while you were gone."
Tony shook, burying his face in Steve’s shoulder. “Don’t.” His fingers would have left bruises in anyone else’s skin. “Stop—stop talking.”
"Aye aye, Captain," Tony said, giving him a sloppy salute and heading out the door.
“Yeah,” she said, nodding and grinned when he slid over to the other couch, leaning down to kiss her with a hand going to her hair. She wrapped her fingers around his biceps and for a minute all the stress of a long-distance relationship disappeared.
Steve was staring at him with dark eyes. “You remembered.”
"No," was all Tony said, turning around and heading for the trash can without really thinking about it.
Clint considered Natasha a long moment before sliding into her car, waiting for her.
"I have done no such thing," Tony protested. "Also, I don't need Jarvis to lock you out when I can
"What of you, Stark?” Loki asked, turning the question back on him. “What have you been doing other than tracking Thor's moods?"
Steve's eyebrows rose at that, and he looked caught between confusion and amusement, "Not the reaction I was expecting."
"He and Miss Potts seem to be progressing on the floor plans faster than I'd expected."
Tony's brows inched up. "Uh, I think he'd forgive you. Probably pre-emptively if you gave him the slightest chance."
Tony huffed. "You're still conspiring with my AI. Even if it's just over my own health."
Bruce blinked owlishly at him as though he hadn't fully registered the idea of the invitation being extended to him for any longer than it took him to catch a flight back to Calcutta, or to some remote part of Africa.
"Traitor," Tony muttered vaguely to the room before looking at Steve. "What can I help you with? Any disasters we need to suit up for?"
Months passed, and the Avengers got better and better at working as a team, taking down threats as they reared their heads. Xavier still stopped by from time to time to snark at Tony, and Tony sometimes returned the favor.
"But?" Steve prompted.
"What?" Tony looked over. "Why would I sleep?"
“Good,” Steve said, moving his head enough to finally meet Tony’s eyes. “Thank you. For just—being here.”
"It'd be a theory to test at some point," Tony shrugged, leaning back.
"You did when you bought out the department store," Natasha supplied from where she was seated on the couch.
"Bitch, bitch, bitch, Charles," Tony said, hitting the elevator open with one of his elbows. "Not to say it isn't disconcerting, but you could be dead you know."
Thor stopped to look over his shoulder. "It is customary to give gifts this time of year," he replied. "As I have nothing else to give you," and he spread his hands out, leaving the statement there.
“Sure, we’re at a truce,” Tony said. “He seemed offended on my behalf with Fury and I let him use my shower. We’ll be fine.”
"Surprisingly charming?" Tony offered.
"Well it seems like a really stupid place to be, with an angry as hell god of thunder hanging around while looking for you." Tony paused a beat. "Except your ass has not been dragged back to Asgard."
“But I can try.”
"Well, I meant, likely if they're heading there or not," Clint amended. "Which you have voted ‘yea’ on."
The other smiled ruefully, "Enough to come well and truly prepared."
Tony looked around, finally taking his sunglasses off but not looking at Steve. He shifted around the group until he was closer to the outside of it.
"Yes," he said. "She was... surprised but willing to come."
There was the sound of a sharp throat clearing from the stairs, Steve's gaze sweeping over all three, "What was that?"
For a long moment Clint remained sitting perfectly still, hands crossed on the table in front of him before standing hard enough to send his chair over backwards and stomping for the door.
Steve took a drink of his coffee, letting the words sink in, "By live with you mean beyond the next few days?"
"The white-picket fence," he answered after a moment.
Steve paused at that, reaching out to touch Tony's arm lightly, "If I let you retreat are you going to lock me out of the lab?"
"We're mostly living under one roof," Tony said. "The master assassins are finally on speaking terms again. So yeah, I suppose it's nice."
“Sir?” Jarvis replied, voice also turned down low.
idea.”
"That's one I haven't heard before,” Steve said, arching a brow at Tony who shrugged. After another second Steve smiled, ducking his head slightly. “Thanks for the offer, though. It means a lot to be offered a place to stay.”
The soldier shook his head, "Alcohol doesn't affect me, so I'll be fine having some." He paused before joining them, his gaze moving to Clint, "I didn't realize they hadn't told you, I'm sorry you had to find out like that. I genuinely thought one of them would have told you before."
"Well if they both look like they could, which one would better suit
"It's not going to be," Natasha replied after a moment, "not fully.  Phil was a huge part of your life, in many ways he was your life.  You'll miss him for a very long time, I would be surprised if you don't miss him for the rest of your life. You'll figure it out, though, Clint.  And I'll be here while you do."
"I don't want to," he said, but didn't move. "I'd sortta like to get out of this city."
"Think he would like any of them?" Clint asked, peering at the toy science kits and grinning. "I don't know, I'm thinking a crystal growing kit for him. It's flashy enough."
“Sure,” Tony shrugged.
“I’m sure you have volunteers,” Clint managed, heading toward the TV screen before saying anything else, Thor trailing after him, happy with the very idea of sitting and not moving for a long amount of time.
“Besides, as we’ve made a big production of
They entered the coffee shop and Jane’s eyes roved around. The space was small in light browns and other warm colors and it made Thor feel more at home than the harsh metallic lines of Stark Tower. "How did you find out you liked vanilla lattes of all things?"
Natasha actually laughed, "And this is why I said I was changing my viewing plans."
"If you can admit to it there's some chance of facing it," she murmured.  "You'll never forget him, Clint.  You're not able to.  You love him."
“Because while I may be known for being terrible at dates after the fiasco last year I’ve been trying my best to pay attention to dates. And by that I mean I have Jarvis actually remind me now because let’s be honest, if I haven’t learned by now, I won’t.”
"No," Clint snarled and Tony just shoved the shades higher up on his nose.
Sighing, Bruce shook his head, "I'm not there when he is.  I don't remember what happens until I see the destruction or the footage."
"Good, that's the answer I like to hear," Rhodey said, something almost warm finally entering his expression. Steve offered him a crooked smile and left, heading back to the Tower. Rhodey had given him more information to think over than he had expected.
"I'm dressed," Clint protested, and he was in fact the only one fully dressed.
Once she might have helped him.
"Well, no, though there are certain species of shark that are gentler than others."
"How am I going to win this argument?" Steve asked, frowning down at Tony, hands braced next to his head.
"...You let him use your shower. After Christmas?" Charles shook his head, "One of these days you're actually going to figure out how people think. You'll find it dull, but it will do you good."
"Yes," Thor said. "But you met the warriors three and the Lady Sif."
That startled a laugh out of Bruce, "Like the fact that Iron Man programmed his fondue set to duel with all comers when given the opportunity to upgrade it from the basic one he'd originally gifted?"
“Seriously?” Clint repeated. “How could you not have seen Star Wars, I mean, okay, some quotes I can see you knowing without seeing but—” They entered the elevator, and Jarvis cleared his throat.
"Almost all of it," Thor nodded. "Unless... Unless it was specifically for my father."
"The casing will also come off without being broken, which means he can make as many upgrades to it as he likes," Bruce set the clock back down and picked up one of the still boxed ones.  "And that's the last of the gifts I need."  He went to pay, "We'll see about catching a cab to the lumber yard."
He glanced over at her. "Right. So, color scheme?"
Steve's hands slid up Tony's back, running parallel along his spine as he pressed in close again, drawing back barely enough to murmur, "And you are?"
"It seemed to hit everyone else, but no, not really any reason to think you particularly needed to."
"Blues for accent at least. Greys for the predominant neutral," she answered, settling in to continue helping him plan the floors, including her own.
"Like shit but I was asking after you actually."
"Cool," Clint replied and then stopped. "Avengers?"
"How did no one realize it was Christmas Eve?" Clint repeated again. "Oh my god we have
Steve gaped at him and Natasha smirked before looking at Thor, "Have you called Jane?"
Steve was very carefully not looking at Charles, the telepath aware of that fact but ignoring it, "Actually I trained very few of the current ones.  Ororo was one of mine, and so was Scott, but Scott's gone off to the West Coast for some reason or other."
"I'll talk to him after the holiday," she agreed, following Clint's movement with her eyes.
“Me, sharing,” Loki said.
"Just telegraph my moves in advance, yeah?" Clint offered, still shifting forward until he hesitantly brought his hands up to Bruce's face, fingertips on his cheekbones.
Steve nodded, a large, dopey smile on his face, "Yeah, I learned from my mistake." Tony felt his chest tighten again and leaned down, covering Steve's smile with his own mouth and for a moment, where everything felt still, he thought this just might work out.
"Alright," Thor said. "There would surely be stores like this that would sell logs would they not? Or should we find a lumber yard?"
"I believe it was that one should be careful not to fry the small minds of humans who live for such a short time," Thor said. "Loki agreed with the author. I recall not doing so."
A few afternoons later, Clint sat cross legged on the floor near the kitchen, several boxes stacked beside him. Tony was off with Pepper doing a media jaunt—and supposedly paperwork as well—and Steve still hadn't returned from his visits. So while he knew Bruce was around in the tower, he considered himself relatively alone.
"Excellent," Thor said, holding the door open for the woman behind them who blushed slightly at Thor's beaming smile. He stopped though when he actually got a look at the bookstore. "There are," he started. "Quite a number of colors."
"Well, luckily Pepper had framed the damn arc reactor he came out of the cave with, when he built a better one. So he shoved that in his chest and flew off in his shiny new suit with the old arc reactor and got pummeled to the ground because Stane built a suit of armor too," Rhodey said. "Now that I am sure you can find footage of. They fought, and Tony had Pepper overload the big arc reactor generator while both he and Stane were on the roof. Stane died, Tony woke up in the hospital connected to a battery until he could build another reactor."
"Yes," Loki replied, shaking his head.  "You're still a fool."
Clint promptly flipped the kitten over, grinning at its mew of protest.
"Do you want to talk about it?"
"I'm sorry," Clint said, not an automatic reaction. "Firstly, that you've never understood how wonderful cats are with being allergic, and secondly that... well, you have to worry about something like that."
"I wanted to ask you some questions about Tony," Steve answered, getting directly to the point.
That earned a doubtful look, "Really?"
For a long moment, Tony didn't speak. "Not yet."
"It did what?  I thought it was supposed to be keeping him alive. He literally just told me that," Steve frowned, sinking into a chair.
“It’s almost been a year since the battle,” Bruce pointed out. “That’s a pretty long time.”
"And they'll prepare for that eventuality.  I am not going to spend my centuries remaining in
Tony glanced over at her. "It would be sorta bad to do his whole floor in red white and blue wouldn't it?"
Steve actually flinched at that, "Should I—"
Tony laughed. "No, it'll happen."
Jane, wrapped up in a bulky sweater and sweat pants, perched on the couch with her mug of hot chocolate, "And a robe fits the holiday traditions."
Bruce glanced at Clint, his eyes dancing, "Thank you. It's not sulfuric acid, but it should cause pretty explosions."
The look he received was a bit skeptical, "That includes pitching yourself off of buildings?"
"Now that, I find hard to believe," Clint said, eyes tracking him and his hand twitched to where a knife was but he did not draw it.
after me as well, of course?"
Clint was so focused on Bruce opening his gift he only made a vague sound of acknowledgement, the glasses she bought perched on his head as Thor made happy sounds about every present. Jane watched the others over the top of the Asgardian study of the stars she was reading, a new gold bracelet gracing her wrist.
"Maybe we just see about a regular everyday fondue set," Natasha suggested, leaning against the counter.
Steeling himself, Steve answered, "The Howard Stark I remember was a good man, if driven.  That reaction says he wasn't so much when it came to you."
Her brows drew together slightly as she considered that, "That's kind of an odd question. Am I happy? You're my best friend, Tony, and you have been for years and years."
"I think he stomped up to the roof."
"It should not be a problem," Jarvis replied. "Hopefully," he added more quietly as Clint stroked the kitten's head before setting it down next to the bowls, still petting its ears.
"You want to try?" Bruce confirmed, not quite able to ask why.
"It's a father issue thing," Tony said, waving a hand vaguely and Thor's frown deepened.
Thor grinned down at him. "I suppose that is true. But we will be able to find what we need."
Bruce shook his head slightly, "Things got crazy pretty fast after we got on board."
“Last time you made my release a present,” Loki said.
"Yeah," Tony said, and frowned. "But... when did you get gifts in Asgard?"
"I don't know," Thor said. "I'd rather know he wasn't causing more harm is all. Taking him to Asgard," he shrugged again. "It didn't work. I'm not certain we could hold him no matter what we did."
"Steve picked up a stray," Tony said, clearing his throat.
Steve paled at that, but latched onto the one thing he recognized, "Stane, wasn't that—"
"I bet you if we go down there in five minutes, we'll be greeted by ACDC," Clint muttered.
"I don't know," he admitted. "But this is the season to talk, or whatever, isn't it?"
Steve nodded, picking up the star and placing it on the top of the tree, "Been a while since I was able to decorate one of these."
Clint waved his spoon at him. “Hey there. How’s the evening going?” He didn’t comment on Bruce’s lack of perception, having watched him enter silently, eyes following Bruce’s movements across the room.
He started pacing again. "Bruce—once I could brush off but twice he said 'we' when talking to me. We will protect you, we noticed you get yourself into trouble and we'll get you out of it. I'm pretty sure the Hulk is his only other personality."
"Toys too," Steve suggested.
Pepper's lips curled upward fondly, "I was talking about the floors of the Tower, Tony."
"Thank you," Clint said, looking back over the streets.
“Few hundred?” Steve sighed, but didn’t pursue that further as he followed the others out.
"From you?  Certainly not.  But you know I much prefer the classics.  The lines of modern style are so....clean cut."
Loki finished off his drink and made to rise, "Yes, I'm sure it was very amusing as well."
Clint paused before slipping forward, sliding his arms around Bruce's waist. "I want him gone." He felt like a kid, asking for physical comfort but his whole body had started shaking with rage, even though he wasn’t crying.
"Thanks, Tony, that would mean a lot," Steve said, before glancing to Thor.  "Still no luck?"
Steve nodded, "It would be much better to try for actual building and rebuilding."
"Yeah, you too," Tony said, swirling his drink around. "Try not to expire from jealousy."
Charles caught a flicker of something else and his eyebrows rose, "Well, that seems to be the order of the day around there."
"Please," he said, still waving a hand. "Sleep is for other people on other days than this."
Loki laughed derisively at that, the sound still echoing as he vanished. Thor punched the wall where his brother had stood and didn't even register the rain until he heard the mutters about weather reports that had promised only clear skies.
"Hopefully," Tony said and he went to pull up the flooring for Steve's area and paused again.
"Merry Christmas, ho ho ho?" Clint offered.
"Sorry," Tony shrugged, loose limbed and too drunk to really sound apologetic. "Didn't realize."
Bruce finally turned to look at Tony for a long moment, "Doesn't it?"
"I told you which floor you lived on," Tony replied, voice chilly.
Steve nipped lightly at Tony's lower lip before taking a solid step back, "You're right, best if no one walks in on us."
"By omission," Tony said. "That's still a damned lie."  But before Steve could say anything else, Tony shrugged as the elevator doors opened. He stepped through, spreading his arms and half turning back to Steve. "And this is yours."
Jane looked toward Tony, still smiling, "Thank you."
“We just got up,” Steve said, glancing down at him.
Before Bruce could reply a roll of thunder rumbled above them, lightning flashing past the window in the next second. “Is Thor upset again?”
"Well,
"Victor Von Doom of Latveria, I believe?" Loki asked, looking around the room with a sharp eye, taking in the bland paintings that seemed to grace every hotel room from the cheapest to the most luxurious and the beige walls.
“I’m sure Fury is not going to insult our cat,” Steve said and Tony gave him a disbelieving look. “But alright, if he does, you can fight him then.”
"It's nice to meet you...?"  He trailed off hoping for a name, but Charles breezed past it.
"I know.  I do too.  But we have our own lives, and they don't fit anymore, do they?"
That earned a long blink from Steve, "What? I'm not sure I understand."
Sitting on the back of a chair, feet on the seat, and elbows on his knees, Clint smirked after him. "He didn't appreciate being woken up and told he had to open presents in his pajamas," he teased.
Blinking at him, Bruce finished his cup of tea before rising and setting the cup in the sink, “And where are we going?”
"Did you even sleep last night?" Clint asked.
"I am actually good at keeping myself alive, you know," Clint said, still considering Bruce's reactions but slightly calmer in the line of his shoulders.
"That was not intended as negativity," Loki said, lips curling upward.  "I will genuinely enjoy seeing what they say and how you two respond."
Pepper rolled her eyes, "I think I'll leave that bit out. But Avengers has a nice ring to it. Have a good day, gentlemen." With that she left, heels clicking on the floor.
"Well," Tony said. "I mean which level of dangerous situation are we talking about here?"
"Yeah, because I'll just make things possible," Tony replied and looked around. "So, are any of you going to actually move in or should I just give the remodel money to like, a fund for pandas or something?"
Clint just laughed, possibly hysterical. "Yeah, well," he said. "We worked together, you know. Nothing like secret ops missions through Europe and Central America to make people close." Not to mention all the nights in hotel rooms when it was too hot to move, or the other nights when there was plenty of movement, Phil running his hands up and down Clint's back as Clint kissed his collarbone.
Falling very still except for a clenching of his fists which telegraphed through the muscles on his shoulders, Steve drew a deep breath and bit back the first things to come to mind. “If you pity me, I won’t keep talking,” Tony muttered.
"Would it not be simpler though,
"And most nights I might just join 'em," came the response as he followed Tony into the elevator. "Tonight though?" he shook his head, "Tonight I'm taking off."
“Nick Fury, yes,” Steve said.
"Please. My floors are so much better than that apartment you insist on keeping."
"See?" Clint said quietly.
Clint paused long enough to actually consider before he nodded. "Yeah, for the most part, yeah."
Bruce watched him go with a frown before looking back at Tony, "What did he want?"
"Bruce kissed me," he said without looking up.
"Is Barton talking to you yet?" Fury asked, tilting his head back.
"Doesn't it?" he sighed, moving along.
“But this isn’t about what anyone asked me to do,” Bruce said. “I like you. I want to be with you. And apparently the Other Guy likes you too—which actually I’m not okay with and that’s going to take some dealing with,” and Clint choked on something that was almost a laugh. “But yeah, I can be patient.”
Bruce paused for another moment before he set his reservations aside, leaning over and kissing Clint lightly and hesitantly. Clint tensed but didn't pull back, softening his mouth. Bruce leaned into the kiss, his hand moving to cup Clint's cheek.
Tony blinked as the elevator doors opened and Clint stood there. "Hello?" he offered. "Oh god, do you need a place to stay to? Because I already have two Asgardians, one of which is pissier then the other, and a scientist and I don't have that many guest rooms do you know how much I'm going to have to remodel?"
Bruce's lips quirked upward, "So Thor and I will find a Yule log, Natasha volunteered herself and Tony for garlands and decorations and Steve's said he'll find a tree."
“Serum,” Steve panted, trying not to rush Tony.  He wanted to thrust back, to take him all right now please thank you, but he also didn’t want it to be over yet.  So… patience.  “Haven’t gotten loose since before Rebirth.”
“Fucking troll.”  Tony put a hand in the small of Steve’s back to balance himself.  “If you can still think straight while I’m fucking you, I’m not doing it right.”
“You don’t gotta—” Steve began – as he always did.
(And maybe a tumblr post about how fuckin’ hot they were, too.)
Steve stroked his hand down Tony’s back.  “I can’t imagine objecting real hard to that, love.”  He used a hand on Tony’s chin to tilt his face up for a kiss.  “I happen to like you spontaneous.  Keeps life interesting.”
“Does it really matter?” Steve asked flatly.
That was apparently the wrong thing to say, because Steve outright growled.  “You are not expendable, Tony!”
Steve brought his hand down to the back of Tony’s head – not controlling, just holding.  “Your knees—”
Tony held up a hand.  “Wait, what?”
“Nobody does, sugar.”  Tony tipped his head up and kissed Steve – long, and slow, and as though there was no one else in the room.  “You might be edible, but you sure as hell aren’t eligible – you’re mine.”  Tony let a possessive growl creep into his voice.
“I owed you one,” Tony teased.  Steve huffed in irritation.  “I’m good, baby.”
“Ah, hell, I’m not gonna last much longer,” Steve gasped, his hand tightening in Tony’s hair again.  “Please – God.”
“Damn,” Steve said, raising a hand to his cheek.  “Sorry, I was woolgathering – ”
“You let me know if that changes, alright?”  Tony accepted murmured agreement before returning his attention to Steve’s ass.  He stroked all over with callused fingers, following with measured kisses.  He heard Steve’s breath pick up as he edged closer to his hole, and had to grin.  Steve liked to eat him out – but Tony didn’t often return the favor.  Not because he didn’t enjoy it… he wasn’t actually sure why it didn’t happen more often.  Well, that would just make this more intense for his lover.  Tony used both hands to spread Steve’s ass open and just breathed across his hole, making the supersoldier whine.  Chuckling, Tony leaned in and started lightly licking around the rim, barely touching.
“I see that.”  Bruce didn’t dodge the blow.  He was fairly certain he deserved more than that.
“If you are.”  Tony leaned back against him.
“Clever, tricky fingers – I’d watch you in the shop with the bots, working on arrows for Clint or Widow’s Bites for Nat and just…”  Steve’s head banged against the tile as he let out a low groan.  “Yes – right there.”
Steve huffed out a breath when Tony’s hand grasped his cock.  His punches began to slow – reluctantly, to be sure, but it was difficult to focus on them with Tony’s hands on him like that.  “You should listen when a fella says no.”
Steve sighed, tightening his arms around Tony.  “That’s two conditions, doll.”  But he could live with them.  “Deal.”
“Then why – ”  Steve’s voice caught on something that sounded suspiciously like tears.  “Damn it, doll, you said we can’t talk about it.  That… that it was just… between us.”
Steve blinked, feeling his cock harden just at the idea.  “Oh, hell yeah.”  He bent down to kiss Tony sharply before standing up to strip off his Iron Man pants and find the lube again.  “You have the best damned ideas, babydoll.”
Tony laughed.  “Only if you get busy with yours.”
He didn’t, to Tony’s shock.  Once Steve was breathing somewhat normally, he gently eased himself out of Tony and went in search of a washcloth.  Tony directed him with a wave of his hand, and the supersoldier returned freshly wiped down and with a cloth in hand.  He proceeded to clean Tony off as well, hands almost painfully gentle, then stood at the edge of the bed looking uncertain.
Laughing, Tony sat up more fully and shucked his shirt off, squirming off Steve to peel his sweatpants off as well.  “You need to lose your shirt too, then.”
“One of these days,” Steve panted into Tony’s ear, “we’re going to get caught.”  His cock pistoned in and out of his lover, making both of them grunt and swear.
“Don’t drink Tony’s coffee,” Tony gasped.
“Apparently, yes.  Come on.”  He tugged Steve towards the elevator and directed JARVIS to the penthouse.  “This way, you know I’m not going to bail… it’s my room.”  Tony tugged at Steve until he sank down on the insanely comfortable couch, still scowling.  “Okay.”  Tony sat down on the coffee table across from him and reached for his hands.  Steve gave them willingly, caressing Tony’s knuckles with his thumbs.  “Where do you want to start?”
“That recently?”  Thor couldn’t hide his surprise.
“So do you, sweetheart.”  Tony kept his hands on Steve’s back, sucking a breath as he bottomed out.  “So tight for me.”  He pulled out slowly, achingly slow, and pushed in at the same agonizing pace.
Smirking, Steve nipped at his ear.  “Should I sing my theme song to you, then?”  He hummed a few bars of the ‘Star Spangled Man.’
“I’m good, I swear,” Steve promised, rocking back against Tony’s fingers.  “I want to feel it.”
Steve smirked.  “No, that’s your cardinal rule.”  He buried himself in Tony, holding him there.  “My golden rule?”  He pressed closer until he was breathing in Tony’s ear.  “You are not expendable.”
More emotion in Steve’s eyes.  Tony ignored it again.  “I’m good.  I’m not shy, Tony.  If I don’t like it, I’ll let you know.”  He returned the kiss, making it slow and deep, before rolling lithely onto his knees, leaning forward on his forearms, and looking back over his shoulder.  “What are you waiting for, an engraved invitation?”
“Not real picky about the position,” Tony told him, sliding his hands down Steve’s sides.  “We haven’t managed to have bad sex yet, I don’t think we’ll start now.”  He stood up – and Steve made a small and quickly stifled sound.  “I’m just grabbing the lube, baby.  I’ll be right back.”
“Miss what?”  Tony was distracted by the acres of glorious skin, running his hands up and down Steve’s chest.
“No, doll,” Steve hurried to interrupt.  “That’s not – I didn’t mean to say I don’t like bein’ here with you.  I like holdin’ you against me.”  His voice thickened with Brooklyn.
“We need a shower.”
Steve shucked his shirt with a challenging eyebrow to Tony, who merely grinned.  Tony started on the attack, utilizing a mash-up of martial arts techniques, boxing moves learned from Happy, and a weird mélange of street moves.
Tony huffed out a laugh.  “You’re such a sap, Rogers.”
This thing between them, that was only for the battlefield… it kind of started to bleed into other portions of their lives.
“Your troll, though,” Steve insisted.
"Didn't meant that kind of strokes."  Tony grinned.
Except Clint had done a dumbass thing in the field, and now was being evaluated in medical.  Natasha was with him – duh – but that left Steve outside medical, pacing.
“Whatever you’re thinking, don’t.”  Tony was straddling his knees now, where he’d been working on Steve’s feet.  “You’ve gone tense again.”
It was good – great, even – but it wasn’t precisely what Steve wanted right now… and the mood felt too tenuous for him to outright ask.  Tony being a genius, though… he caught Steve’s slight shift.
“Am I your slut?” Tony asked with false ingenuousness.
“Both.”  Steve nipped lightly at Tony’s earlobe.  “Another round like that and you really will be sore – and we both know it.  And I… really like it when you take me.”  He flushed.  “Feels… I don’t know.  Possessive.”
“We should make sure the rest of the team knows that rule,” Tony said when they broke apart.  “But…”
Tony bit his lip.  “I mean.  Nobody here had a good relationship with their dad.  Odin’s an asshole, Natasha’s father sold her to the Red Room, Clint’s father beat him and Barney and then got himself and their mother killed in a DUI wreck… and Howard…”
“You always do.”  Tony tried to keep the hand in Steve’s hair gentle, but that damned talented tongue…
“Thank fuck for that, because I’m so hard I can barely stand it.”  Tony got up off the bed to dig in his nightstand for lube.  “You need a breather, or…?”
The team had been remarkably unsurprised.  Clint had bemoaned losing a bet to Phil – their SHIELD liaison had cleaned up in the betting – but watched them with soft eyes whenever they weren’t looking.  Natasha didn’t want to hide her observation of them – she was openly entertained, but never with any malice.  Thor was jovial and congratulatory.  Bruce had been the wild card – he’d carefully watched Steve and Tony together over the course of several evenings before granting his full approval.
A slow smile was spreading on Tony’s face.  “Oh, no.”  Steve’s cock twitched at the tone.  That low purr usually meant something incredible.  “I think we’ll swing the pendulum to the other extreme.  How many pots of coffee did you drink in my shop, Cap?”
It was the soft, eager little whimpers that did Steve in.  “God, you need it that bad, don’t you?” Steve whispered, looking down at his cock in Tony’s mouth.  “Need me to – to mark you up?” he panted.  “Too bad I can’t just come all over your pretty suit, walk you into the banquet all slick with me.”  Steve groaned, his fingers tightening in Tony’s hair.  “Hear everybody whisper… there goes Captain America’s slut.”  Tony moaned around Steve’s cock, a desperate needy noise that made Steve’s eyes roll back in his head as he came into Tony’s mouth.
It took another hour for Steve to get in to see Clint.  He didn’t stay long.  The leg was broken, but it would heal.  Clint was going to be fitted with a cast and Natasha had assured him that she’d see to Clint’s recovery.  Steve didn’t doubt her.
“So good,” Steve managed after a moment.  “Jesus, Tony.”  Steve sank to his knees next to Tony, pulling him into an embrace.  “God, I love your mouth.”  He brought their lips together, heedless of the taste of himself.
“Someday that joke will get old.”
“I’m always here for you, sweetheart.”  There didn’t seem to be anything else that Steve could tweak on this ridiculous outfit, so he took a deep breath and stepped into the bedroom, holding his arms out expectantly to Tony.  “Well?  Do I pass?”
“You know it.”  Steve bit down on the nipple in his mouth, grinning when Tony let out an inarticulate moan.  “But you know what?”  He paused like he was waiting for an answer, but given he didn’t still his fingers, Steve was surprised that Tony couldn’t manage to string together a response.  “I’m your fuckin’ troll.”
“You are a fucking troll,” Tony breathed, but didn’t object.  Steve worked him thoroughly and for all his protestations that he didn’t need another orgasm – less than five minutes later, he was spilling onto Steve’s hand, gasping for breath.
Tony sighed and slipped into boxers, Steve’s t-shirt, and a pair of sweat pants.  “Thanks, baby.”
“As long as it takes,” Tony smirked.  He leaned closer and pressed a kiss to that perfect curve, making Steve shiver.  “You okay with this, sweetheart?”
“Forty-sixty,” Tony answered candidly, leaning against Steve.  “Maybe thirty-seventy.  I know openness is your thing, and I’m glad we’re not a secret anymore, but…”
Tony’s hips bucked against Steve.  “All for you,” Tony promised.  “Everything I have and everything I am.”  He repeated Steve’s words from earlier back to him, watching his love’s eyes light up in recognition.
Love swamped Tony again.  Something that simple – the concern of one artist over the recognition of others – floored him.  He wasn’t sure if he’d ever been with someone who thought that.  Ty would have wanted to make a scene, preferably one that skirted the line of indecent exposure.  Sunset wouldn’t have cared – but she’d have wound up drawing attention by being visibly bored.  Pepper would have required them to keep their hands to themselves, but not out of concern for the actors – out of a desire to avoid bad press.  This was… different.  Steve cared.  He wanted the men and women on stage not to be distracted or overshadowed and that… that was damned amazing.
They were silent for a long while, and Steve had almost drifted off when Tony spoke again.
“You fucking troll,” Tony hissed.
He continued the massage with a thoroughness that would surprise anyone except Pepper – since that’s who he’d learned for.  Mechanics had strong hands and they served him well.  By the time both towels were cool enough to be uncomfortable, Steve was a boneless puddle of goo beneath his hands – just as Tony had intended.
“Yeah, doll?”
Steve chuckled.  "Think you can stand that many?"  He lifted the hem of Tony's undershirt to slide his hand up his back.  God, he loved that broad expanse -- even littered as it was with small scars.  "Want to find out?"
After what felt like an eternity to Tony, Steve began to move.  He kept his movements slow at first, dragging almost completely out before pressing in again, grinding deep with each thrust.  On the fourth pass, he found Tony’s prostate, causing him to shout and nearly come up off the mat.
"Fuck."  Tony rocked back against Steve's hand.  "You use this method of discipline on all your troops, Captain?"  He groaned as Steve thrust a second time, feeling a knuckle graze his prostate.
“You kind of are,” Pepper murmured.
Tony’s legs didn’t want to hold him – but Steve knew better than to just scoop him up again.  Instead, he raised his voice to the other four.  “Let’s adjourn to the den.  I think training has been cancelled for now.”
He couldn’t really grin with his mouth full, but he did shoot an amused look up the plane of Tony’s body.  When their eyes met, Steve made a point of swallowing around Tony’s cock.  It earned him another expletive, and Steve felt Tony’s hips jerk involuntarily.  That caused his fingers to hit Tony’s prostate again, which set up a delightful cycle.  Steve played him like a virtuoso – fingers twitching just so, tongue lapping at the vein along the bottom of his cock before taking him all down again until he couldn’t breathe.
Realization dawned in Tony’s eyes.  “Christ.  Okay.  Yeah.”  And despite a paralytic allergy to emotions, Tony tugged Steve in for a hug.  “He’s gonna be fine, Steve.”
"Whatever you -- Jesus, whatever gets you to fuck me," Tony breathed.  "Please, Steve."
For as often as they did this, it always amused and touched Tony that Steve could be so hesitant, and so careful.  “Yeah, baby.  That’s okay,” Tony whispered, reaching up to stroke Steve’s face.  “God, I love you.”
Steve met his eyes, searching.  “Alright.  I won’t ask you to break that – unless it’s a danger to the team.”
The fight was over in a flash – literally.  A flash and a shockwave, emanating from an explosion of a very large robot control mechanism that Iron Man had very nearly been flattened in.  He wasn’t – thankfully – but the suit had taken some hits.
Tony shook his head, leaning down to kiss Steve slowly.  “Can’t hit you either.”  His lips twitched against Steve’s.  “Besides, that would be defacing a national monument.”
Tony’s hands weren’t entirely steady – but they appeared to have mutually decided to ignore that.  “Like that we take turns,” Tony said quietly as he carefully worked a finger into Steve.  “That you like both.”
Tony groaned, twitching his hips to take Steve deeper.  It was an almost painful stretch – Steve wasn’t small and wasn’t being gentle – but it felt far too good to stop.  “Do it, Steve – take me.”  His hands latched on Steve’s shoulders for balance.  “Teach me a lesson.”
Steve ran a hand down Tony's ass, then spread it wide with both hands.  "Don't worry, Tony... I'm the man with a plan."  Tony groaned at the line -- and then groaned again, because Steve had knelt behind him and was pressing his tongue flat against Tony's asshole.
Tony chuckled and wriggled his toes until he could catch the comforter they’d shoved to one side, pulling it up over them.  “I think we’ve earned a nap.”
Tony sat up a little on the bed to allow Steve to pull his shirt up over his head, then wriggled himself out of his jeans and boxers.  He gestured imperiously at Steve’s button-up and khakis.  “Come on, old man.  You’re falling behind.”
Tony held it together in the limo – somehow.  Probably because he didn’t want to make Happy uncomfortable, although neither man would ever express that.
“I thought rule one was don’t drink Tony’s coffee?” Clint called from the cockpit.
They were booked at a lovely Italian place six blocks from the Tower.  Happy drove them – smiling the whole time, which was positively abnormal.  Steve didn’t jump out and go around to open Tony’s car door – but only because Happy beat him to it.  Once seated at their table, Tony felt the nervousness return.  His foot twitched under the table.
The supersoldier let out a long breath, his fingers curling in Tony’s hair.  “Feels good, doll.”
Steve’s brows furrowed.  “Isn’t that…”
“Easy, tiger.”  Tony ran a soothing hand down his flank.  “Was that a bad surprise?”
“I know it’ll hurt you when I say this but – I’ve never loved anyone like this before, Pep.”  Tony looked down at his hands.  “I didn’t know… I didn’t realize it was possible.”
“Ohmygod,” Tony breathed.  “Pepper, you need to go.  I have plans.”
Tony tilted his head up for a kiss, which Steve gave him.  “Thank you, sweetheart.”  He knew Steve would be able to hear the conversation from the guest bedroom they were converting into his art studio – supersoldier hearing would ensure that.  (Although if it hadn’t, JARVIS probably would have piped the audio in for him.)  He appreciated the illusion of privacy, at least.  “Draw me like one of your French girls?”
“I can’t guess,” Steve said, sitting up enough to let Tony strip off his shirt, taking his own off at the same time.
“I rarely do either, so we’re even.”  Tony started to sit up, but Steve shook his head.
It took several minutes for either of them to have the energy to move.  Tony peeled himself off Steve’s back, flopping onto the mattress beside him as he tried to catch his breath.  “Jesus.”
“ – and the rest are up in arms over the gay Avengers.  We need to – ”
“I didn’t know you worried about that.”  Steve sat back on his heels, not wanting to crowd Tony, but… his resolve didn’t last long, and he scooted closer to wrap his arms around his lover, one hand cradling the arc reactor.  “Is it stupid that I feel better knowing that you worry too?”
Steve let his weight press down on Tony – not enough to hurt, but enough to feel.  He pressed his face into Tony’s neck, breathing deeply.  “Promise me you’ll tell me if… that changes?  If I’m not… enough?”
“Did I hurt you?” Steve asked in a low voice.  He’d dropped his head to Tony’s shoulder when he came, and didn’t lift it now.  Wasn’t sure he could make eye contact at the moment.
“No problem!”
Tony settled more comfortably against Steve, his back nestled against Steve’s firm pecs.  “Next fight, I expect you to take me hard up against the wall.”
Dinner and a show.
Tony rolled his eyes, looking up at Steve.  “Shut up, Rogers,” Tony murmured with his lips almost against Steve’s cock – because he knew the vibrations would drive Steve mad.  Rather than argue the point further, he extended his tongue and ran it the full length of Steve’s cock, along the vein on the bottom.
Steve laughed and slipped under the covers, helping Tony wriggle into them as well.  “JARVIS, give us something to watch.”
The elevator stopped on the communal floor, but the doors didn’t immediately open.  Tony’s eyes flickered to the sensors again when he pulled away from Steve.  “Thanks, J.”
“She can go fuck herself,” Tony mumbled, tugging at Steve’s collar so that he could nip at the skin it hid.  “Need to taste you right now.”  He tried to unfasten Steve’s tie with shaking fingers.  “Mine.”
“I didn’t say that either.”  Steve dropped his head to rest his forehead against Tony’s.  “These people… mostly the women… they look at me like I’m…”  He searched for a way to convey his feeling without sounding crass.  “Edible.  Eligible.”
“Always.”  Steve began to move inside him – the slow drag out followed by deep thrusts, rocking them both on the bed.  Tony let out a desperate grunt every time Steve slammed home, and his fingers tightened on the broad, smooth back.  “You feel like heaven, babydoll – you feel like coming home.”
“No.”  Tony barked a laugh.  “Honestly?  I forgot.”
Reaching Tony’s cock, Steve started to lick the entire area – thoroughly.  It was halfway amusing, kind of like being bathed by a jungle cat.  On the other hand… damn, he was good with that tongue, and so fucking pretty looking up through those blond lashes.  “Doing okay?” Steve asked, pausing his licking.
Tony tilted his head up to look at Steve.  “I like Tonysexual.  That’s a very acceptable orientation.”  He stroked his fingertips over Steve’s cheekbone softly before turning back to Pepper.  “I’ve been openly bi for years, Pep.  You know that.”
“God help me, yes I do.”
Steve nodded his head against Tony’s shoulder.  “Yeah.”  He wasn’t actually sure – that depended a lot on whether Tony took what he’d said seriously – because for all it had been in the heat of the moment, Steve had meant every word.  He couldn’t face the idea of losing Tony.
“There are thirteen voice messages and twenty-nine text messages from Miss Potts, and a similar number from Colonel Rhodes.”
“God, I love it when you talk science to me.”
“Okay.”  Tony cupped the back of his head.  “You need tender, then?”  Steve’s eyes stung and he nodded.  “On one condition.”
Tony squirmed.  “I… yeah.  You’re… you’re welcome.”
“You’re more than enough for me, doll.”  Steve’s words were muffled, considering he hadn’t lifted his face out of Tony’s neck.
He didn’t – but he also could guess he wouldn’t like it.  He didn’t answer her as he continued to prepare tea, ignoring the sick feeling in his stomach.
“I’m high on you, doll,” Steve retorted.  “Now get that pretty ass of yours in the shower.”
Tony hummed.  “I’ve got you, so… I’ve got my world.”  He twisted in Steve’s lap, moving to straddle the supersoldier.
“Don’t be an ass about it.”
“Mmmhmm.”  Steve stroked his hand down Tony’s back.  “When the time’s right.”
“Alright.”  Steve kissed his neck, nibbling lightly.  “How about we get cleaned up, put some pajamas on, and you can show me some more of that Captain Picard show?”
Much as he loved to make Tony beg, Steve also didn’t want to make him wait – and hell, he was hard enough to hurt.  He pulled his fingers free, pausing to kiss Tony’s cock once more before pulling back, adding lube to his cock before shifting to kneel between Tony’s spread knees.  “Slow or fast?” Steve asked, his cock poised just brushing against Tony.
“Hey, Spangles,” the man in question said from the doorway – a little warily.  “Steve, you’re about to crush that pan in your hand.”
“What do you need, sweetheart?” Tony murmured, shifting his kisses to Steve’s neck, the better to whisper in his ear.
“I can’t imagine ever objecting to that.”  Tony continued to stroke his face, feather-light touches on his forehead and temples, sweeping his thumb across the cheekbone before touching full lips.  His eyes met Steve’s, and he saw things in those blue eyes that he’d never speak… wondered if Steve could see them in his own.  “Let me finish working you loose, baby.  Your back was a mess of knots… I imagine your front is too.”  Tony kissed him once more before resuming his work with a fresh coating of massage oil.
“You are.”  Tony silenced him with a gentle kiss on his lips.  “Okay?  You are.  If you want to be.  Just not that word, okay?  I’ve done that word.  It doesn’t end well.”
They came together, as near enough to simultaneously as could possibly matter.  Steve held himself on top of Tony as their hearts raced, pressing kisses to his pulse point.  Tony waited for him to speak – to bring it up, to talk about the things they didn’t talk about.
Lube acquired, Steve crawled back onto the bed.  “Well, yeah.”  He slicked up his fingers and knelt between Tony’s knees.  “I mean, now that it’s not illegal at any rate.”  He pressed a nibbling kiss to the inside of Tony’s thigh.  “The whole getting arrested for it thing was kind of inconvenient.”
Steve rose too.  “Not yet,” he teased – making their teammates laugh.  “Seriously, guys, thanks for not being – ”
Steve carded his fingers through Tony’s hair, unable to keep from arching up into that mouth.  “Feels good, doll.”
Instead of dwelling on emotions and things left unsaid, Tony squirted lube into his palm and slicked up his cock.  Even that was almost too much.  He threw back his head, breathing heavily, and squeezed the base of his cock.  “Watching you come is better than any porn I’ve ever seen,” Tony murmured as he approached Steve again.
“You’re such a sap.”  Tony looked up at him, his cheeks coloring.  Willfully ignoring the cameras, he tilted his head at Steve, an inquiring look in his eyes.
Post New Rules… well.  There was plenty of sex.
Tony sucked in a breath, turning on his stool to face Steve.  “Don’t say it unless you mean it.”
"It's good to try," Thor said, voice softening.
“Doesn’t it?” Loki asked, voice tight.
A-A-A-A
"It doesn't matter," Natasha returned easily.  "It's chocolate."
"I just wanted to tell you I wouldn't stand in the way, and it would be good to have the team together, if we're going to be a team. I missed out on all the early team building exercises," he added with a bitter twist of his mouth. "So come if you like," Clint added, finally looking over at her. "But I haven't forgiven you. Drop me off where you like."
even if there was."
Loki offered a thin smile at that, “And you assume that I couldn’t take you out and vanish before Thor could so much as get your message?”
Bruce hesitated, and shook his head, "I probably should have guessed, but no, I didn't know."
"What sorts of things?" Tony asked, turning his attention there as Clint busied himself with coffee.
"You holding up alright?"  His tone was quiet, checking without prying as best he could.
For a breath Tony stared at him. "Are you changing your mind or trying to change mine?"
Steve held up the glass he’d poured himself to indicate that it had in fact gone down, "Yeah, I'm drinking for all the good it does."
"Yeah, but at the rate he hands them out?" Rhodey asked.
Jane shook her head, "The flight was fine,” she insisted again.
"They should probably have something to eat," Steve agreed.
Steve groaned at that, resting his forehead against the pillow again, "God, Tony."
“After everything,” Thor said, still not turning around. “After hating me, and attacking me, and demanding that I despise you for all the ill you have done. Now you wish to play on my affection for you?”
“Well, carry on then,” Tony said, as Thor came down the stairs, whistling what sounded like oh come all ye faithful. Clint and Tony both watched him walk past.
"So it's been over a year," Clint said softly.
Steve sighed, "I wasn't even the one who started talking about weapons."
"Yeah, and who else has he given a tour too?" Clint asked, leaning back and playing with the kitten who obligingly batted at his fingers.
"Which is not saying much," Tony replied. "You know, I thought the media and stock holders were bad when it was just me. What part of heroic sacrifice to save Manhattan did they
"The public doesn't need to know how I use my mouth," Steve responded.  "And I didn't—I don’t know what I was thinking. Sex starved probably. Definitely distracted. Drinks with
“Intercontinental running and hiding tends to leave me with a single bag without room for movies, unfortunately. I used to slip into the back of theaters sometimes. Singe getting here I've picked up a couple documentaries though,”  Bruce shut off the burner and poured himself a cup of tea before moving over to sit across from Clint.
“So you think we’re not getting a rain storm today?” Clint asked after a beat.
Clint groaned before draping himself over Steve’s shoulders. “At least you have an excuse,” he said before Tony dragged him off. Straightening, Clint shrugged. “Okay, there’s one more. Come on Steve, I’m educating every sorry sucker in this tower on what they’re missing.”
"No," Thor said, shaking his head and paused. "I may not have been trying very hard," he admitted after a beat. "Not because I do not want to see him but because I do not wish to try and punish him again. And there has been no news of violence from him."
Falling still, Bruce hesitated before actually considering that question, "A few times.  I don't, I don't usually remember much, really.  But, sometimes when I come out of it, I'll be told about something he did.  If I care about someone a lot, in some way, he can be protective.  I don't know about gentle though."
Bruce followed, “Tony, if I’m getting stuck with this, you can join in. He’s decided that it’s a team thing, so we might as well make the best of it.” He glanced from one teammate to the other, “How many times have each of you seen Star Wars then?”
He'd made his way almost through the entire store, finding a book about world travel and wonders for Thor, and a fancy dart board for Clint before stopping in despair in front of the kitchen supplies. "Steve likes food doesn't he?"
Loki arched a sharp eyebrow at that, "Which would imply that I've seen anyone from your team except you since the last time we spoke."
“What if I do not feel inclined to share?” Loki snapped. “If what you’re saying is true—”
"I don't know," Tony said. "Clint was pretty pissed. Which is not to say that he's enough to scare Loki away but if he gets active about violence, I don't know."
"Huh, interesting,” Bruce kept his tone neutral, but he watched Tony and glanced briefly at the cuddling fondue sets, "Are you going to keep staring at them or are you planning to give them some privacy?"
Natasha held out her hands for the kitten, "Share.  They don't stay that adorable and tolerable."
Bruce nodded very slightly, pausing before asking his next question, "How long were you together?"
He offered her a sad smile, "We've never done a long distance relationship."
“Clint, mostly,” Natasha said.
"Three hours at the latest then," Steve replied with a grin.
“Like, in terms of movies?” Tony asked, blinking at him before finally deciding he wasn’t getting out of this and pulling his goggles off from where they’d been pushed into his hair and trying to clean up the lab space enough that he would be able to use it again when he came back to the project.
Tony's expression blanked like a switch had been thrown and he dropped his hands from where his arms were crossed, mostly so that he wouldn't press a hand over the arc reactor as a nervous reaction. He refused to do anything that could be taken as a nervous reaction. "Except my father created weapons no one else could have. Whether the void stayed empty or not, at least it's no longer the
“Believe me,” Thor said, something crackling behind his blue eyes like a lightning bolt. “You would know when I was angry. I just want to know how my brother is.”
Bruce pulled his coat closer around himself and glanced at Thor, "So how big a log are we talking about?"
Also known as: the Avengers fail at Christmas part 1
"We know we'll throw the other over if it comes down to it.  We both have stronger loyalties than each other," she agreed.
Clint finally turned around, something flickering in his eyes. "Sorry," he said.
"I'll revoke your invite as well, you know."
to go back to bed,” Tony said with a easy grin and Steve found himself laughing and shaking his head before he leaned down, offering Tony a quick kiss.
"Good," Clint said and offered him another grin.
"Kitten, for now," Clint said. "But you're right, Tony doesn't get to name it." He'd been quietly trying to convince Natasha that cats were as cute as kittens.
Steve poured himself a drink, raising his glass in response, "Then we're good." He glanced at Tony, "I was coming by for a couple reasons actually..."
"Well," Thor paused. "Humans are on a faster learning curve than Asgardians. It shouldn't even take you a few hundred years." He offered Steve a smile and started for the door, carrying the boxes easily.
“You think I’d want to?”
Bruce nodded slightly, "And a scratching post or two."
Jane shook her head, "I thought we were limiting Darcy's caffeine intake."
"Since the attempted invasion," Charles clarified.  He glanced down at himself, grimacing at legs that were fractionally longer than they had been before and hands with more slender fingers, "It's no picnic walking in it either."
"I should perhaps have not tinkered," Tony muttered. "Sorry."
That earned a very quiet laugh, "Well I'm glad of that.”
"I don't know," Clint said. "Probably already are, but if they ever, you know, kiss again like that were people can see? It's going to go down as the decade's love story." He paused another beat. "Might be great for different activists groups if they are though."
For about another thirty seconds that's all it was, a slow glide of their mouths together while Clint realized that Bruce tasted like the pancakes they'd been eating, but then he realized what was happening and jerked back, almost toppling off the bar stool.
Peter pouted at the depressed looking Alpha and swiftly sprung up from the couch and strolling over to the miserable man, a plan forming in his head already.
The shorter man arched up into the Alpha’s hold, grinding his swollen dick against the hard muscles of the blonds stomach. “I don’t see any fucking yet, Steven,” he grinned cockily.
A timid Bruce Banner suddenly stepped forward confusion written all over his face. “Uhm, you mind explaining why the room looks like I hulked out in here?”.
“A bit of help, Cap?”
“Hey! I wasn’t the one clinging to you for hours!”, Harley exclaimed from the kitchen counter and threw his brother, who was unaware munching on another piece of bacon, a small glare.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was a group project for his history class. Partners got assigned and Peter got stuck with a guy he not only didn’t know well, but was also known for doing jack shit when it came to group projects.
Omegas, Steve mentally noted, confusing him since the forties.
Don’t get Tony wrong, he loved his teammates, he really did. But he also loved Steve, particularly alone time with Steve.
"Don’t bother Nat. When they’re in love mode everyone could sneak up on them, even an excited Thor freshly back from Asgard.", Clint sneered beside Natasha.
A  deep sigh could be heard next to him as another presence came to a stop beside the genius, kicking some feathers out of the way in the process.
The genius gladly let himself be pulled along, all aboard to see the dominate sight of Steve, even if it was just being lead around. He had fantasies, like any person, no matter if Alpha, Omega or Beta, had. “Ay ay Cap, just lead the way.”
Courting. The Omega still hasn’t gotten used to it.
Peter winced at the fed up tone in the man’s voice, though he knew Happy actually cared for him a damn lot, the man really didn’t get paid enough for handling the two young Stark boys. Well, what could he say, he and his brother were a handful.
Yeah, no, Steve was sure this time would work out perfectly, making Tony aware of his courting.
The young Alpha happily started purring as his mother trailed his hand up and down the pups back. Damn, was Harley a sucker for a good petting. The 14 year old arched up into the hand on his back, purrs getting louder as more seconds passed by and a relaxing scent mingling with the older Omega’s calm scent. Tony just smiled softly at his child.
Steve. Harley was talking about Steve, reacting like this all because of the older Alpha.
Bruce furrowed his brows. “Not likely, needing to use the bathroom doesn’t usually make you curse like crazy.”
And Steve. Steve shouldn’t have allowed for it to go this far, he was the older, wiser and more experienced Alpha and should have drawn a line as soon as Harley released his first snarl.
“And no lab time for three days.”
Now he had his support back to keep his kids in line, his blood related and non blood related.
Tony loved teasing his partners after all.
Then, finally he could pick out some words, Harley repeatedly forcing out the words ‘Fucking Alpha’ was what stilled the Omega.
A small whimper suddenly reminded Tony that he not only had an Alpha son but he also had an Omega son, who was with them when the whole thing started.
Thanks for reading!
“Let’s go”.
“Uhm, I made lunch. We should probably eat it before it gets cold,” Steve offered and swiftly pulled at their still entangled hands, to lead Tony towards the kitchen.
He looked like-like such a treat, Tony was even surprised himself he was still capable to look this, well, this pretty.
The black pants fit perfectly as well and shaped his ass in a way Tony hasn’t seen in some time, his omegan curves highlighted stunningly and in a teasing manner.
Hopefully it won’t be long, the blond thought with a wince.
Steve raised an eyebrow at the unanswered question and watch the silently panicking Omega perplexed. Did he say something wrong? He scented the air questionably and noticed a shift from Tony’s side of the table. Weird.
Steve was also coming up again, slowly lifting his now scent drunken face of the Omega’s neck and blinking at the crowd around him with an awkward smile. Embarrassing as it was the Alpha couldn’t let go of the man in his arms just yet and stayed like that, embracing Tony in the middle of the kitchen under the watchful eyes of his teammates and the pups of said Omega.
“Yes, food is very good”, Tony offered with a quick glance towards the blond.
When Tony was done he looked down at the brown liquid inside his mug, a light blush prominent on his face at the thought of the blond Alpha. And if the Omega was being honest, reflecting on the things that happened, it all sounded like a cheesy story, too perfect and smooth. This didn’t sound like Tony Stark’s life at all.
“Afternoon Cap!”, he called out, a few crumbs flying out of his mouth in the meantime.
His hands found the man’s skin once again, stroking along his stomach before reaching around his body to grasp his ass. Separating the two cheeks, Steve’s fingers wasted no time, one sinking into the hot, wet heat.
Harley melted into the arms of his mother instantly and let out a low grumble while squeezing his arms tighter around the Omega’s sides. God, his mom’s hugs were just the best, to die for if he had to be honest.
Steve was just so caring, something Tony wasn’t used to regarding his love interests. Not like there were lots the last years but still, the Omega got wind of countless stories about the forceful nature of Alphas, the reason they couldn’t just stop in the mids of getting it on with an Omega. Instincts the infamous excuse of any Alpha.
Peter blinked at his mother once again before answering him with a quiet whine. He reached out his arms for more comfort and Tony happily complied, embracing his pup in a warm hug.
“Now if you ever disrespect an Omega again, if you ever target Peter Stark or any other person again I will make sure it’s going to be the last time, understood?”
With that he started the class, naturally also not letting it be taken from him to introduce Captain America to the whole class, only partly gushing about his historic achievements and pointing at several pictures on the wall featuring the man, all while Steve stood to the side with an awkward smile.
Both men looked at each other, silently communicating, trying to come up with any battle plan for their 16 year old kid. Ridiculous to be honest.
A pleasant smell of tulips reached Steve’s nose as he made his way down the hallway towards the elevator on his floor. Clutched in his hands was a bouquet of red tulips, freshly bought from the florist around the corner of the tower. The friendly elderly Beta woman even assured him tulips were the ideal gift to capture an Omega’s heart, way better than the basic looking rose bouquet Steve intended to get in the first place.
“So Tony”, the Alpha started carefully. “How are you today?”, mentally cringing at his own question, nothing better came to Steve’s mind. Shit, he used up all of his moves already.
“Sir, Agent Best Aunt is approaching the lab, which I’m pretty sure she is somehow able to enter even with the lack of a key.”
“Tony, I’m sorry for turning feral and forcing you into submission just now. I know you’re in heat and it’s only going to get worse from here on. As your team leader and Alpha friend it’s my responsibility to help you, anyway you seem fit,” Steve admitted. “What do you say?”
So Tony really understood his inner Omega who was craving the man in front of him unhealthily. Though, the genius still had his brain, not heat influenced this time, and it was screaming at him to abort the mission, not wanting to talk to the unreachable man in front of him and possibly trigger another anxiety attack.
If him wearing a collar wouldn’t work nothing would.
Steve deserved to be happy.
Harley, though kept his eyes trailed on the ground and only muttered a quick 'Sure’.
The blond licked his lips and abruptly slammed the Omega against the now closed bedroom door.
(See the end of the chapter for
The brown haired boy on the ceiling giggled at his Dad’s words. He meant his creation!
If nothing it just didn’t seem like a normal cold. An observation that bothered Peter the most.
His next plan, plan C as he liked to count, a bad idea according to Bucky, who said something about keeping count of his failed tries making him even more desperate.
Tony’s eyes grew wide at the clearly mocking words, apprehending his own answer form just a few minutes ago. Cancel adorable Steve Rogers, that Alpha was evil, using Tony’s own words against him, the slick bastard. Though if nothing else the Omega was pretty amused at the challenging Alpha and turned around in the man’s arm to get a good look at the mischievous face.
“Of course not. What would I do without my sidekick?”, Rhodey answered with a laugh and made his way over to the cupboard containing the mugs.
The tall man beside Tony gasped and pointed at a corner on the ceiling across the big room.
“Oh well, I totally forgot I had something planned!”, Steve said nervously and quickly got up, lifting Tony along and setting him down on the chair again. The look he got at the action was a total contrast to the loving stare from a few moments ago.
Either she willingly gave it to him or he hacked her phone.
Now, he really was speechless. The symbolism behind the gift was enormous, simply said. An Alpha who bought his Omega a collar, a band to wrap around the Omega’s neck to cover their scent glands or/and mating bite, was serious about their courting. It was like a promise.
Still Tony couldn’t blame them, he loved them after all. Though, he wasn’t sure they still knew how much he loved them. Thinking back the man wasn’t even certain when it was the last time they cuddled up in their nest.
“J, bring me to Tasha’s floor. I really need to talk to her.”
He truly looked like the genius he was in that moment, Steve noted.
But no matter what, he couldn’t just leave the pup like this.
A small whimper caught his attention. Right across the room a head slowly peaked out from behind a machine. Tony!
His head snapped downwards rather quickly and shortly made his still half asleep mind spin, though he caught himself quickly, more important things on his mind than his well being at the moment. Looking downwards his Omega pup Peter was the one pressing his face into his stomach, brows furrowed and a bitter scent emitted from the young boy.
Steve’s movements quickened, fucking in and out of the Omega’s hole roughly. He leaned over the smaller body hungrily and licked at the sweat drenched neck with a small smirk.
“Thanks Dad”
“What are you sighing at?”The sudden deep voice ripped the Omega from his exasperation and painfully pulled him back to reality, the situation he got himself into.
“Uh, I mean have you been here before?”, Steve quickly added with another awkward grimace.
The young Alpha sleepily watched his Omega parent, having been alarmed by the pure distress of two Omega’s in his close proximity and as the only Alpha around he had to make sure they were alright. Even if it cost him another hour of blissful dreaming in the softest bed ever. Family was more important.
They were in his territory after all.
The elevator doors closed, the Omega tipping his bare foot on the ground nervously.
Yeah, waking up in a warm bed beside the Omega felt much better than waking up with throbbing pain warning him of having lost his Omega.
“it’s the code to enter mom’s lab.”, Peter concluded with a grin. “He’s always by himself on Thursday afternoons, so don’t mess it up this time.”
“The kid’s asleep Tony.”, Natasha mentioned fondly, eyeing the duo from across the kitchen with a smile tugging on her lips.
The pups glared at each other playfully and nodded at their mother, because, well waffles and pancakes are better than just one of those things. Their plan all along and to be fair, Tony just couldn’t say no, somehow his soft spot being his own downfall in these moments.
The Alpha, though being annoyed at the Omega’s snark, was complying, not wanting to wait any longer. His cock was hurting from being turned on for such a long time already.
Admittedly it was rather old fashioned the idea of covering your Omega’s neck from being seen by other people. Most couples didn’t participate in such a ritual anymore due to its outdated time and ideals. Though, Tony’s inner Omega was preening at the sight, the idea of being owned by the blond Alpha, by Steve, was seriously making him dizzy, in a good way however. It felt strangely right and his instincts made him yearn for the feeling of the leather band around his neck, which surprised the man to no end.
Like that Peter sprung out of bed with a wide grin and promptly ran up to his mother for a hug. “Morning, mom!!”, he greeted happily.
“You’re overly bright, but your talent of getting yourself into dangerous situations is outstanding, pup”, Tony sighed. “Reminds me a lot of myself”.
Just perfect.
Like that both pulled apart, a light shade of red covering both their cheeks. Well, in Steve’s case his ears, a cute image if you asked Tony.
Not really having a real plan Tony advanced with a bared neck and sweet, comforting scent, as not to rile the two men up even further. Playing the innocent, breakable Omega Tony under any circumstances wasn’t.
The look on Steve’s face said it all, the unexpectedness, the disbelief and, deeply buried, the sadness. He couldn’t understand the Omega in any way that moment, nothing came to his mind that would explain the reasons the man across from him apparently had to consider this date, which had been slowly getting more enjoyable after they finally started talking comfortably to each other, a mistake.
The low rumble of the Alpha now complemented the slight purrs of the Omega, a rising amount of pheromones in the room now spurring both of their instincts on. Alpha wanting to protect and Omega wanting to cuddle up against the Alpha’s side, creating their own bubble of safety.
“Tony”, the rough Alpha voice sounded over his shoulder. “You’re so perfect, Tony. Such a good Omega.” The kisses on his neck that followed the statement made Tony blush and just how dare the horny Alpha play the praise cart now.
“Annoying being one”, Harley remarked with earned him another glare from his brother.
Tony was dazely eyeing the Alpha, mind confused with want and anxiety at the same time, the overwhelming feeling making him see stars.
“What the? Steve you haven’t cum yet!”, Tony exclaimed with a raised eyebrow. The Alpha was so into it, so what happened?
“I have two working hands”, he looked at him unimpressed. Though, innerly the Omega was whining at having such a thoughtful Alpha.
Suddenly a strong shove and the Alpha cock entered the whimpering mess of an Omega.
Yeah, exactly this, the soft bed and the warm, cuddly company, just screamed at him to go back to sleep.
Tony’s head was swooning and, to his embarrassment, he was already getting hard again, dick straining against his cum soaked pants and slick seeping out of his wet hole. The Omega had rarely felt sluttier.
And, well, the only thing Tony’s brain came up with in his wrecked stage was a headbutt. A hard one.
“Well who demolished our common room then, if it wasn’t one of the scientists?”, Sam questioned simply.
The blond Alpha made his way down the hallway with a whimpering pup in his arms, who nudged his cold nose against his neck every few minutes. At least the halls were clear of students since class was currently being held.
It was scary, or it would have been weren’t Tony occupied by the moans coming out of his mouth right now. The low grumbling and grunts sounding in his right ear, signaling the pleasure searching Alpha was just as affected as the genius was.
“Tony,” Steve breathed out, stepping closer to the Omega and grinning widely. “How are you? I made breakfast, better get yourself a plate before your sons finish it all off.”
Thankfully the screen, touch pen, or whatever Steve tipped the numbers into turned green soon after and the voice of Jarvis announced the glass door opening with success.
It was nearly impossible not to see the tall Alpha specimen, a super soldier, Captain America, the pack Alpha of the Avengers as reliable or trustworthy.
Peter quickly let go of his mother and made his way over to his closet, on the search for something school appropriate to wear. An old science shirt of his mom would surely do, he thought excitedly.
Peter just put on a polite smile, ready to discuss how they were gonna divide the work.
The white dress shirt and the forest green, casual jacket complimented his dark hair beautifully, while also bringing a dash of colour into the mix while the unbuttoned collar screamed ‘claim me’. A true temptation to any Alpha.
“You sure seem to need an awful lot of help with courting, Alpha”, Tony playfully challenged and accepted the flowers, their pleasant light smell tickling his nose warmly.
Only then did Tony notice all the other people in the kitchen. His best friend Rhodey leaning against the coffee table next to the window, talking to a rambling Clint Barton, probably about the mission. Catching his eyes his long time Alpha friend smiled at the genius warmly and continued listening to the still, very much story infested, archer.
Long chapter ahead btw
Tony knew he shouldn’t  get attached to the gift, like it symbolized something more, like an unspoken promise for the future. It was ridiculous. The man was painfully aware of the truth, knew of all the reasons Steve and him could never be anything more, his own issues highlighted in his mind whenever the image of the blond Alpha crossed his thoughts.
The elevator ride was rather short, which it always was, thanks to the best technologies available at the courtesy of Tony himself. Though this time it felt dreadingly long, which Tony probably should just blame his rising anxiety for.
It's nearly 2am and i gotta get up early but i just had to finish this
Enjoy :)
And, huh, someone was excited.
Their jobs weren’t made for a consistent schedule after all.
“Back off Dad! I’m a big and scary spider!”, the kid replied and flashed his teeth, which, yeah looked more adorable than it had any reason to, if you asked Tony. “I’m the superhero eating spider!”, the boy continued with a laugh, eyes blown wide.
The other Avengers, well, the ones still awake, looked at each other in question with worry written across their faces. A scared, bitter scent reached them, Harley clearly upset because of what happened. At least Peter was asleep, unaware snoring away.
With a swift stride the Omega placed himself between the Alphas and emitted as much comforting scent as he could. The reaction was immediate. The growling halted to a sudden stop as did the dangerous snarls while both men stared at the sudden appearance of the short Omega, who was blocking the view with his distracting smell.
Innerly, however, Tony was still pretty much freaking out, not grasping the concept of Steve, the Steven Grant Rogers, trying to court him. Him! A damaged Omega! What a joke his brain only delivered.
So I'm pretty stressed at the moment which explains why I'm updating so late.
“You know, considering one of you is a Super Soldier with enhanced hearing and the other has an AI that could alarm him at any notice, you’re both terrible at keeping watch of your surroundings.’’, Natasha’s smooth voice cut through their steamy moment, like one of the knives she used during combat. “Maybe you should rethink your career choices.”
Fucking super spies looking through his carefully build up walls, like the trauma and pain he experienced in the past were meaningless.
With that she turned on her heel and left towards the exit of the lab. The Omega, who was still taking in the words and the rare willing display of affection coming from the former assassin whirled around before Natasha could vanish completely.
“Besides your slut of a mother probably only got Captain America to come along today because he gets fucked by the guy on a daily basis, such a fucking whore.”
Time passed and Steve must have answered a dozen questions regarding the Avengers, the war, his time in the 21st century and surprisingly the topic of mating. To which the Alpha could only blush slightly, obviously thinking about Tony.
Tony rolled his eyes but couldn’t help the small smirk on his face at the look on the Alpha’s face. Once again he proved, if it came to it, no Alpha was a match for him. Not even Captain America. Team Iron Man one and team Cap zero.
The Alpha began to blush lightly, god, he’s never done that before but it’s been a prominent fantasy of his for a long time now. “I’m going to lie down and then you sort of get on top of me but facing the other way, of course only if that’s alright with you.”
“Dad!”, Peter squealed all of sudden. “You’re sounding all pink and warm. Like a strawberry cheesecake. Which, by the way, reminds me that I’m hungry, not for Superheroes, but for real food, snacks! Of course I already ate two bags of chips but-” The boy was plain out rambling now, hanging in his webs with a thinking face and again totally throwing the adult in the room of guard.
Not wanting to discuss that aspect further Tony tried out something else, anything at this point to get the Alpha to understand. Stubborn as he was. “I have two kids Steve, I can’t only think about myself. I’m not that selfish, not when it comes to my pups. They’re all I have and I, under any circumstances, can’t put them through another failed mating of their mother.”
Then Tony quickly felt fingers wrap into the cloth of his sweatpants and a pull downwards, his legs now exposed to the Alpha’s intense gaze. The slick and come soaked underwear didn’t even manage to hide the Omega’s arousal one tiny bit and Tony moaned as the blond rubbed his upper thighs, fingers trailing along the underwear and most importantly his ass.
Muffled laughter, laughter he would always be able to recognize, reached his ear. Turning around, not sparing the dreamy Alpha in front of him another glance, the Omega marched up to the counter where his two delinquents were cackling like crazy.
Only did underestimate his found family, the Avengers.
“What the hell Barnes?!”
And riling up Captain America?  Could be considered Tony’s hobby at this point.
