Sherlock let out a dramatic laugh, standing up and stretching his arms over his head. “That’ll be the day.”
“Then how can we find them, Sherlock?” Greg asked, his voice a tad desperate.
“Irene, please,” the woman said, patting John’s shoulder. “We needed to make a point, and be remembered. We were planning on doing that with your announcement, but since you didn’t play along, well…”
“This is such bullshit,” John whispered, kicking the table with his foot.
“But you didn’t,” Sherlock told him, lazily caressing John’s face, even as the vampire pulled away.
John jumped for a moment, startled at being asked a question. Doing as instructed, he looked up at Sherlock, who nodded.
“’s alright. You were right too, I think, about the food ‘n’ stuff,” the teenager rolled over, pushing his glasses, which had been broken too many times to count, back up his face. He held out one of the cans of fruit cocktail they’d stolen. The label had been ripped half off and there were small bits of adhesive stuck to the tin.
“Very good,” Anthea wrote down a few things, while John stewed in silence. “At 11:30, we will adjourn to the main hall where we will have a brief Q and A.”
John did his best but his leg was getting tired and sore quickly until he was lifted into a familiar bubble bath, lying on top of Sherlock. The water felt amazing on his arm and leg, which had avoided any liquid over the past month. The smooth large hand ran soap through his hair, which had grown at tad longer as well and had even taken a slight curl at his nape. “Why don’t you wash your leg while I finish up here? I don’t know how sore it still is and I don’t want to apply to much pressure, yeah?”
“Just come home with me,” John tried one more time, glancing helplessly at Archie once until those deep blue eyes came to focus back on Sherlock. Those words, those beautiful words meant so much to Sherlock he wanted to call it quits right then and go bugger John senseless in the back of someone’s car. He couldn’t though, he had to be strong to finish the bond, ensuring their future together.
John groaned, and tried to roll over until sharp pain shot through his shoulder. It had been dislocated and there was no way he could put it back in socket with his restraints still on. “Sherlock!” John shouted at the unconscious man next to him. “Mycroft!” he tried, but the eldest Holmes was nowhere to be seen.
As his mother drove him to her home, John tuned out her stories about all the food they got from the neighbors and how he was so lucky his teachers would let him make up his school work so he didn’t fall behind. Instead, he thought about what Dr. Landbury had told him. It made since, sure, he could understand how Sherlock making him depend on the man for everything helped instil some sort of sympathy or connection,
“I was seven when I saw the movie. Mummy said I was too young to watch it and Mycroft made fun of me, so…so I snuck down and watched it through the crack in the door.”
“John,” he warned with a small grin, showing he wasn’t angry but would allow for no more interruptions. The boy dramatically closed his moth with a clack of his teeth and Sherlock saw the smallest hint of a smile.
Suddenly, he started to panic. What if he killed the leader of the League’s brother? That’s when a wonderful, beautiful thought danced into John’s infested mind. He could turn Sherlock into a vampire. Yes, yes, that would be his way out of this.
“Greg! I need to see him, please!” Jim shouted, a little out of breath.
John’s heart picked up. He hated giving into the man, but he also hated getting shocked.
“What John, anything, you know I’d do anything for you,” he encouraged, having no idea what the boy was asking for but praying it wasn’t to go home
As the pain was still fresh on his skin, Sherlock looked in the mirror and smiled at the small ‘JW’ on the front of his right shoulder. It felt right and Sherlock could only hope that this would convince his John to stop fighting and stay with him. He wanted John to be happy, he really did, but the only way was for the boy to just give in and let Sherlock take care of him. If this wouldn’t do it though, then he would just have to find another way to make John’s walls fall.
“What’s going on back there?” Amy shouted, getting out of the front seat and heading towards John.
“Yes, I’m afraid so,” was all Mycroft said, waiting to see how the other would react.
“I understand. The Doctor’s say we can take you home tonight. However, I thought you might do with some company while you wait.” John quirked an eyebrow at the statement, looking towards the door, but not willing to move any other muscles for fear of tugging on his collar.
Chapter 4 – Till I Get My Way
“Oh,” was all John could say. It didn’t feel good deep down but the thought of his mom having more money now because she wouldn’t have to take care of what she called his ‘obscene teenage boy metabolism and appetite,’ was a slight consolation. He’d always tried to take care of her, be the man of the house so to speak, but he seemed to always miss something.
He stripped completely, still not used to sleeping in pajamas and curled up, holding his pillow tightly to his chest. It wasn’t enough and tears started welling up in his eyes at the coldness he felt on his back. Then, John grabbed his covers and rolled himself up in them, creating a cocoon like effect that would keep him wrapped tightly. If he closed his eyes real tight, he could feel a warm breath ghosting over his neck but it wasn’t enough and John began to cry silently, digging his face into the pillow that only smelled like him and detergent.
“Don’t brother me, Sherlock. Do you know how much trouble you are causing, both for me, the Watson family, and for the police? What were you thinking? Taking the boy for the weekend is one thing but to keep him?! Did you not learn your lesson last time?” The man was livid, which Sherlock expected but was still mulling over the entire playing board to see where his brother would move next.
“The colour changing effect is dynamic,” Sherlock explained, “just like the fish.”
“Not at all. I’m quite fond of prawn rolls actually.” Sherlock fought off a smile.
John pulled off slowly. “Yes, beautiful, I remember.”
Laughter rippled over the group, but the best sound was Sherlock’s chuckle across the table.
“Alright, fine,”  John said, standing to sling his duffle over his shoulder.
“Stupid, stupid . . . what?” Sherlock sat back up with start. “Pairs of number. From an illustration in a book. John, it could be a book code.”
The woman peered at the picture Sherlock had on the screen of the woman drinking coffee.
“Thanks, mate.”  John sat on the edge of the bed, ripping off small strips to stick around the first page.
“I fancy a trip to Hogsmeade,” Owen said, glancing at the outing notice hung in the Gryffindor common room. “I haven’t had a butterbeer in ages.”
“Molly, we aren’t going out.” John set his fork back down. “Sherlock’s . . . not into relationships.”
“Well, you could never be anything but beautiful. We think stupid things sometimes, don’t we? Let other people put ideas into our heads.”
“Yes, yes of course.” John felt a quick spike of irritation. He wanted to stop thinking.
“Damn,” Sherlock muttered, “That’s not good.”
“Oh, I doubt Sherlock tells his brother much of anything these days.”
“No, I’m really not hungry at all. I got it for you.” Sherlock pushed the food her way.
“Oh, right,” John said. “Did you have a watch for him too?” John didn’t know why he said it, it simply popped out.
“Oh, yeah, sure.” John reached for it.
“Mmm, you lovely man,” John murmured, ghosting his fingertips over the curve of his bum.
John barked a short laugh. “A person of interest? I was a kid whose mum worked in your kitchens.”
“Alright, we’re in luck. I’ve got a friend who drives a taxi who can pick us up.” Mrs. Watson joined them, sitting back on the floor.  “I talked to a couple of people. It looks like this wasn’t an isolated thing. There are fires and  . . . troubles all over town tonight.”
A tiny frisson of fear shimmered up through Sherlock’s stomach from out of nowhere. How was he ever going to keep someone as wonderful as John? The man was simply too perfect for words. Sherlock knew full well how very UNperfect he was.
“Look, it’s past curfew. Let’s get our arses inside and debate this later.”  She jerked her head back towards the castle.
“Thanks, Sherlock, maybe we’ll see you next weekend?” Bill glanced their way, holding his collapsed pup curled against him. “I know the group is meeting at Marcus and Lynne’s.”
“Yup, that’s our Johnny. Can’t do anything by half.”  Harry snorted. “Tea?”
“Yes, sir.” The clerk blinked as she accepted the device. “Of course, sir.”
“You don’t have to do this, you know. Reese is an idiot.”
“Well, let’s get them set up properly then,” John said.
“Oh, I don’t know. I quite liked
“John?” He reached a hand out hesitantly.
Sherlock managed to relocate John around the corner to a street less filled with pedestrians when they stopped to catch their breath.
Protocol had him grudgingly introducing Irene to his smug lump of a brother.
Sherlock sighs. "As in chords in a song?"
“Okay, baby, alright.”  John squeezed his hip.
“Oh, we’re not . . .”
“Yeah, you do a lot of that.”  Rhys compressed his mouth into a thin line. “Congratulations on the win, by the way. You lot played an excellent game.”
Sherlock groaned and collapsed back across the bed. “Oh, God.”
“So, do you want to . . .” John jerked a thumb toward the music, but Sherlock shook his head.
“Oh, alright.”
“Why didn’t we see this before?” John asked following him through the break in the wall. “We’ve walked the whole island.” He rounded the corner to find himself between two walls like a hedgerow maze.
“Baby.” John snuffled into Sherlock’s neck, holding him close.
“Oh, John Denver,” John said. “He’s one of my guilty pleasures. My dad used to listen to him all the time, so his songs always make me nostalgic.”
“John.” Sherlock looked almost surprised to find him reading in the kitchen. “There you are.”
“Damn.” John’s face shone. “It’s holding. It’s actually working!”
Sherlock dropped his hand to cup John’s bottom, and John threaded his fingers into his curls, holding him still as he plundered his mouth, licking into him with abandon. Sherlock could feel his erection returning from half-mast to aching need. He pressed in, driving John back into the mattress as he dragged his clothed cock over John’s answering stiffness. John gasped, surprised.
During the next seven days Sherlock solved two cases, writing the names of the perpetrators down carefully and filing them away until such time as they could be passed on to the police.
The evening was not so different from their other visits to the fight club though even more people crammed into the room as the night progressed. The fighters swung and kicked, slammed, and clawed, more nerve than technique, and the crowd cheered for each bloody hit. John was unwisely on his third drink, red in the face, and laughing at something Sherlock said, when a hush settled over the crowd. The next pair of fighters to step into the ring were not a pair of Bajorans, but a set of Cardassians, stripped to the waist, stretching as they eyed each other, scanning for weaknesses.
“You’re mine, aren’t you? My big, baby-filled slut.” John reached up to fist a handful of Sherlock long, inky curls. “You can’t get away can you?” he growled, dark and low. “You can’t get away because you’re MINE.” John tugged just enough on Sherlock’s hair for him to feel it, sending a hot jolt of pleasure-pain right through him. Sherlock gasped.
They took turns feeding each other, lingering over the fingers bringing each bite of sweet, or savory carefully scooped up and delivered in the comforting womb of dark. When Sherlock dripped jam down John’s chin, there was no other course but for Sherlock to lean in and lick it from his face, giving sticky kisses sliding down his neck.
“Yeah, yeah, come on in.” Victor held the door open for him. “Don’t stay out in the cold.”
“Here you are, sunshine.”
Later, after more kisses, and a brief nap, Sherlock dragged himself away from John’s still-sleeping form to wash off the anal beads and return them and the lube to the bedside table drawer, which was still open.
“Yeah, okay.”
“You’re on.”
“John?” He turned toward his . . . friend? Lover? Partner? They hadn’t really come up with any terms. It hadn’t been necessary here with just the two of them. They knew what they were to each other.
“Mmm, please.” Sherlock’s eyes when he opened them were dark pools of want.
“Sherlock?” John sat up, looking sleep rumpled as the door snicked open.
Sherlock was kneeling in the garden, half lost in the tall plants. He wore a straw hat with a brim squashed over his curls, and clothes that had once been probably quite smart, but now worn with age, looked good enough for yard work. A bee buzzed lazily over Sherlock to land on his shoulder for a moment before flying away. John smiled. Even in that ridiculous hat, he was gorgeous. Sherlock looked up as John’s shadow fell over him.
Victoire snorted, and knocked his hand away, but did so good naturedly.
“Of course.” Sherlock felt his lips twist. “Don’t ask, don’t tell.”
Sherlock spied a patch of darker blue nearby. Oh, it was a male and a female, a mated pair. Lovely. They ducked their heads, bowing to each other, bright eyes scanning for trouble.
05. Surfin' Safari
The woman’s high heels clicked in a satisfying way over the hard floor of the club’s foyer. Sean, her bodyguard, a necessary accessory for a place such as this, opened the inner door and bowed her in deferentially.
“All right fine, but we’re taking a cab home. Put some cash aside for that. We don’t want to be mucking about the Space Port after hours.” John wagged the peeler at Sherlock before attacking the next root with renewed vigor.
“God, yes,” Sherlock breathed.
“Didn’t you hear? I got a job in London.”
“I always get my girl chocolate when I bollocks something up.” Sadiq suggested. “Do you think that might work?”
Sherlock looked at the dancing crowd, then at Molly again. “Well, this is just ridiculous. What does Mandi Vorlem have that you don’t other than an annoying lisp? Come on we’ll show Garret Kovat that you’re a much better dancer.” Sherlock extended a hand.
“Aah.” A certain look rippled over the woman’s face. “How nice. Hope you have a good mini-break together, then.”
“Yes, fine, fine,” Sherlock agreed.  John nodded and bent down to gather Sherlock’s things scattered unceremoniously across the tile floor. He slipped out leaving Sherlock finally in peace.
John regretted ever scolding Sherlock for smoking. He found himself half-wishing that he himself smoked, and wondered if it was worth it to start. The night was cool, and he and Harry huddled close on a bench on the patio at Stephen’s house for warmth. Dinner had dragged on and on with Stephen’s parents in attendance along with his daughters. Harry had announced loudly that she was vegan now, and refused the pasta and cheese dish that Mum had made special for her. Things had slid downhill from there, only mercifully wrapping up with the grandparents going home, and the little ones needing to be put to bed.
Rather than deny it, John released his hold to lean back in his chair. He blew out a breath.  “Oh boy. It’s not you, okay Sherlock? If it were up to me, I’d yell it from the tree tops. I’m so lucky to be with you. It’s just  . . . my mum.”
“Bleeding Prophets! Go fast, but don’t kill us, Lupie!” Furel cried trying to shift his weight off of Sherlock, bracing with his one arm. “It won’t help anything if we crash!”
John and Sherlock went upstairs to wash and “change their shirts at least for Godsake” as Harry commanded.
“It’s a hand of glory.” Alastaire said with something like pride. If you use it as a candle-holder, it will provide light for anyone who holds it but no one else.”
“Oh, but you lost touch with John so suddenly.” Molly laid a soft hand to his wrist. “That must have been so awful. Did you ever hear from him again?”
Sherlock stopped the car on the parking pad out front, and those who could walk climbed out, grateful to stretch their legs. John moved to the entryway, placing a palm over the lock pad set flush with the stucco wall. The door slid open instantly.
“Nuuumbeeer?” Sherlock drawled near his ear.
“Aw, shut it Owen, they’ll be back on top next year,” Dom said, reining in his disappointment that the twin’s favourite team, the Wimbourne Wasps, had already lost two games that season.
“Nnnngggg,” John moaned around his hand. Rhys answered with a soft noise in the back of his throat. He should stop this, John thought, put on the brakes before someone walked by and heard them, but it felt so damn good . . .  John’s thoughts ground to a halt as a wispy white form drifted in through the wall to join them.
“If the occupation had never happened.” Sherlock moved back, pushing up onto one elbow to better see John’s face. “What do you think would have happened to you?”
The bedroom, though… Well, that was a special place.
“You were good with her,” John offered.
Sherlock caressed John's hip absently as he replied "Around the door and fence probably. It is unlikely every inch of the island is covered."
“Incorrect. You’ve iced your injury immediately following the trauma to reduce inflammation. Now you require heat.” He dropped a small, heavy pillow around John’s foot, tucking it around his ankle to stay in place. The heat radiating off of it was instantly soothing.
Most of the other kids visiting were at Beauxbatons, and John had rubbed along with them all well enough. Then Sherlock’s cousin Alastaire and his family came to stay, and things had soured. His mother and older sister, Imogen, were too polite to say anything outright to John, but they’d been giving him the stink eye since they arrived.  Alastaire however had set himself to subtly tormenting  John as much as possible.
The three men finished up, tucked themselves away and moved on, and the cumtoy reached over for a small towel to give herself a cursory wipe. While she was distracted, wiping herself clean, another customer pushed his way to her side. The no-neck brute grabbed her by the ponytail to haul her up to her knees as far as her collared chain would allow her. She dropped her rag, surprised, and before she could fully catch herself, the bastard had pushed his track pants down and shoved his erection right down her throat. The whore looked as if she were trying to regroup, find some edge to cling to, but the man kept jerking her around taking his pleasure by ramming himself into her mouth.
They presented their eyes to the scanners, and just as with all of the others the door sprung open instantly. Inside there was a small room with fluorescent lights set into the ceiling that came on when the door opened. The only thing in the room was the top of a spiral staircase that led down into the dark.
“I’m getting the vibrator.”
“Hey.” John hurried over, alarmed. “What happened?”
John sank into the Slytherin’s embrace, and no more talk of leaving was mentioned for several minutes.  Later, they took turns exiting the cupboard one at a time when the coast was deemed clear. Rhys went first, giving John a last quick kiss before darting out.
Sherlock was instantly by his side. Instead of sharing John’s horror, though, he examined the body with enthusiasm.
foot to rub your cock.”
“I dunno.” John shrugged. “I think it’s different for everyone.”
“The groomsmen need to assemble for some pictures.” Sherlock shuddered delicately. "And then the wedding is at four.”
“Join me in the shower, sweetheart?”
“Oh bloody hell, that’s magnificent. I’d like to see all of it in the light. It’s been so weird going through it in the dark.”
John pulled the door closed as he left, trying to shake the feeling that he’d just been called in to see the headmaster. Sherlock had the Aston Martin idling in the drive when he emerged outside. He drove a bit faster than usual to the restaurant, and John refrained from saying anything trying not to rattle Sherlock more than he already was.
The Little Hobbit felt his courage had quite deserted him. He forged ahead down the long, dark tunnel bolstered only by the dwarves’ assurances that surely he was too small to be noticed by the dragon. Sadly, though, they had neglected to think of the dragon’s advanced sense of smell.
It was a mild night, and since they didn’t have that far to go, they decided to simply walk it. Sherlock enjoyed showing John all the shortcuts he knew, giving him an insider’s tour of the neighborhood. He was so aware of John next to him it felt as if his skin were charged, and John was a great magnet drawing him in. Soon enough, they were walking hand in hand, fingers twined together as if they couldn’t bear to not be touching any longer. Sherlock could remember scoffing at other couples walking that way in the past. What a fool he’d been. Touching John Watson was like taking a good hit of cocaine. His veins felt on fire.
“I wouldn’t know.” Sherlock shrugged.
“Holmes! Hey, wait up.”
The man dropped the book, and stood upright, shifting into something like parade rest to face him. “It’s a black mark on my record,” he admitted, his gaze fixed somewhere down on the floor, “but don’t worry, it’s nothing I haven’t weathered before.”
“Of course not,” The man snapped, swiveling back to face him. “Well, I mean I quite like
“All right you lot, let’s pick up the pace,” Teddy said, shifting his basket to his other hand. “I don’t fancy spending any more time stuck inside than I need to.”
John blushed. “Harry, thought it would be good for me. I haven’t had much luck with women lately.”
“Oh, yes, baby, yes,” John chanted, sliding his hand over them.
“You are better, I know.”  Harry’s mouth pressed into a thin line.
“It is possible to see patterns and connections where none exist, but there’s no harm in treating it like a clue.”
“God, you’re everything to me, Sherlock. Full stop. Everything.”
“John, I’m sorry, I have to get back . . .”
“I’ll text everyone. See who’s free.”
“You’ve had at least twenty sexual partners.” Came somewhat muffled from John’s belly.
“Yes.” John nodded, his cheek scratching on the sheet beneath him.
Sherlock squeezed a dollop of lube into his palm and warmed it between his hands before thoroughly coating the anal beads. He rubbed more lube over his fingers and circled them around John’s pucker.
“Don’t have to. I want to.”
“It’s a safe assumption.” Sherlock nodded. “But this time, we can bring the laptop, and use the light from the screen as a makeshift torch.”
“No really, lads. You lot are the best despite your ugly mugs, but I’m going to have to chose my date over you,” John said.
Victoire nodded looking thoughtful.
Sherlock leapt out of bed. He took a quick shower, dragged on some clothes, and gave his hair the most perfunctory of combings. After making sure to leave his mobile plugged in on the bedside table, it had a tracking device inside after all, Sherlock slipped out into the silent hallway. The servants, like John’s mum and the gardener who commuted, had gone home already, and those who lived on the premises had retired for the evening. Sherlock made his way out of the house and through the gardens to reach the back wall unchallenged. He knelt down, feeling under the tangle of evergreen bushes to find the zippered case hidden there.
“Oh, crap, I don’t know what I’m going to wear though,” John said
“I’m seventeen now, Hair-bear. I’m an adult. I can do magic wherever I please.”  John grinned at her. “Well, as long as it isn’t in public where Mugg . . . um non-Magical folks might see,” he added.
John became fully alert at that. He knew exactly what he was supposed to say at this point. Greg and Mycroft were having sexual relations, which would destroy both of their credibility. The man who took Molly in and treated her like the sweet girl she was, and the man who took John in, fed him, clothed him, and oh, not to mention saved his life.
Sherlock looked up from his phone for the first time since John had woken up and Mycroft’s mouth dropped before he immediately closed it again. “You’re welcome,” Greg said, offering another genuine smile before turning and leaving the room.
“Rest, Sherlock, you’ve earned it,” John said softly, standing up even slower. He cupped the younger vampire’s cheek, caressing the pale flesh gently with his thumb.
John's POV directly after chapter seven. John gives in to his darker side.
“I was trying to help you, you git,” John said, trying to lift his head, but it was forced down by the twine.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft scolded, “no bliss. Don’t even try it.”
“Not hungry?” a voice came from the other end of the table, which John hadn’t even realized another person was in the room. “I believe that loud noise coming from your stomach would disagree with you. Sit down and eat, I promise there is nothing in there that will hurt you. As you will come to learn, it is neither mine nor my brother’s intention to harm you,” the older man said,
“Put it down, we’re not taking it, the food too, throw it away.”
She nodded her head, pulling the red cap down over her ears. “Rule number one, don’t make any loud noises. Rule number two, don’t take any electronics ‘cause there might be a…a-“
In the morning, he was able to dress his wound cleanly enough that his mother didn’t even notice the plasters and then walked to school. “H-Hey, John,” Mike said when he made it to his first class. Everyone, the nerds, the jocks, even the freaks who didn’t bathe regularly watched him and whispered as he walked down the halls. Now, the kid who had been one of his best friends since they were first years looked at him like he was terrified.
“Wha’” Sherlock mumbled and sat up to look at John with worry in his eyes. The teen wiped his eyes and sniffed a few times, trying to get rid of the evidence that he’d been crying in his sleep. “What’s wrong?”
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Fine, let’s get this over with,” John said flipping onto his back, waiting for Sherlock.
“Oh yeah, there’s nobody,” John said simply, praying to the Gods to just give him one little break.
“Just breathe, okay John? If you start to hyperventilate, then it won’t be so funny,” Sherlock sprawled out next to him and began kissing along his neck, bringing a shiver down his spine and removing more air from his lungs.
The boy laughed at the text as he was pulling a green and white striped jumper over his head. He decided it might be best to stop at one of the clothing stores, after all, the money he got for his birthday a month ago was really burning a hole in his pocket.
For right now, however, there were more pressing matters to attend to and Sherlock opened the door to greet the one man he did not expect. “Hello, Sherlock,” the happy voice rang down the halls of 221 in that Irish accent the detective loathed.
John screamed again, and screamed, and screamed, and screamed against the skin keeping his voice from being heard.
Before his arm could release the power behind it, hands came around his nape and upper back, pulling him into his captor’s chest.
John continued to chant those words over and over again in his mind, even as the hand on his head held him down, forcing him to submit to the pain.
“Jim said they wanted to take off their collars, then that means they would have to have some sort of medical facility.”
“Thanks, I made them myself, my ma’s recipe. But someone owes me a kiss now.” Lupaza stuck out her cheek pointedly.
“When that blew over, old Sebbie broke up with him. It was something very ugly and very public. Our boy fell into a drugs bender. He was in rehab by the time I heard anything about it.”
“Sure.” John nodded, reaching for a plate. He’d been feeling peaky when he woke, but things had settled, and his hunger had definitely kicked in.
“I realize I never gave you a full tour of the house,” Sherlock said sheepishly when they parted. “It’s negligent of me not to show you the place before asking you to move in.”
Self-flossing string mints to my lovely betas, the-navel-treatment and otp221b, for their ongoing, fabulous help with this rambling beast of a fic. We're getting there!
“Yeah.” John smiled. “It’s wonderful.”
John worked his way back up to Sherlock’s mouth losing himself in a sweet slide of lips and tongue. Hands were just getting into fun places when a burst of light exploded over their heads.
“Sorry,
“Yes, you as well.” John smiled.
“No, that’s fine of course. We’ve got the spare room.” Sherlock forced a smile.
“No, thanks, mate.” John drew in a good breath. “I just want to get on with things, you know? Got a lot to do. NEWTs coming up . . .” He trailed off.
“Mike,” John said, reaching out to shake the man’s offered hand.
It seemed like they had been walking for eons through the dark night, though it had probably only been just over an hour when Mrs. Watson let them take a break. They reached a small shaved ice stand closed for the winter with a faulty door that opened when they jiggled it.  They slipped inside to sit on the floor. A lone patch of light from a street light filtered in through the front window. The room was barely warmer than outside, but at least they were out of the cold wind that had picked up.
“Darling, what is it?”  Irene said, concerned.
“Oh, God . . .you.” He had to kiss Sherlock again, repeatedly, climbing over him to reach all of his face and down his neck, interspersing pecks with whispered endearments.
“Soooo?” John nudged her. “Is Victor treating you alright?”
“Yeah, that would be something,” Sherlock agreed weakly.
“Ten leks.” She sighed, obviously unimpressed with their order.
John crawled happily back into Sherlock arms, content to be held close for a moment before Sherlock leaned away to find the lube in the drawer beside the bed. John listened avidly to the snick of the top being flipped open before Sherlock returned, sliding slippery fingers down, down until he was pressing against John’s entrance.
“You’re a mess aren’t you? Begging for it. In fact, why don’t you beg for me. Do you want me to stop, John?”
John took one and bit down, amazed at the burst of lemon and spice that danced over his tongue. “Oh, that’s delicious.”
Mycroft opened a jar of honey, spooning a generous helping into his mug before settling down across from John with it. They sipped tea together in companionable silence for several minutes, content to listen to the sound of a clock chiming somewhere in the house.
For you have
“By all means. I’d love to see it.”
Finding no allies, Sherlock allowed himself grudgingly to be pulled away by his insufferable brother.
“Yup, thanks, Har.”
“I was lucky to get a single,” Molly said. “I’m terrible sharing space with other people.”
“Merlin’s beard! Did you even remember to put up wards before you started?” Mycroft cried, marching up to join them, his light summer robe flapping about his legs. “Honestly, Sherlock. Do you WANT John to end up at the bottom of the ocean?”
“Says the man who just snogged me hello in front of the entire River Bank Resistance Cell.” Sherlock reached out to squeeze John’s thigh under the table.
“John, I’ll miss your everything, so much. I’ll try to do better with the smoking. There are some potions that could help with quitting . . .”
“Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.” Sherlock nodded, tidying his things away into the desk as fast as he could.
“Yeah, really funny." John quirked up his mouth. "Now I have to tell Sherlock I was cheating on him with a Slytherin.”
“I hope this is done by dinner, I heard there’s a shipment of zabu in at the base. Haven’t had a good piece of meat in an age . . .”
“Yes, ma’am.” Alastaire struggled to his feet, holding a hand to his bleeding cheek as he left the room.
“It was several years ago.” Sherlock waved a hand in the air. “I’ve had time to adjust.”
“Victor, you’ve outdone yourself.” Sherlock reached around him to grab a bit of potato off the plate, popping it into his mouth.
“I can key this for everyone,” John said thoughtfully.
“John.” Sherlock appeared to stand over him. “Move over.”
Sherlock seemed to soften visibly at that. “All right. I think I can fit it in.”
“Jean, I wanted to apologize for what happened to you earlier today.”
to you.”
“We want to help.” Quen, the shorter one, stood taller, pulling his shoulders back.
After a bit more scuffle, Harry finally flounced off screen, and John turned his scrunched face back toward the camera. “Sorry, Sherlock, I gotta go.”
“Hullo?” A girl with curly hair wearing a purple swimsuit with a large dotted towel about her waist ventured in. John thought she looked familiar, trying to place her until it clicked that she was Sherlock’s younger cousin . . .
“SHERLOCK, WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?” John moved to touched his roommate’s shoulder.
“Fine, do I get to feed you too?”
“Sorry,” Dom said, hiccupping a fresh round of ladybirds onto the pile of cards.
“Are there pictures?” Sherlock turned wide eyes John’s way.
“Pass the food,” Gwen wiggled her fingers until some nachos moved to her end of the table.
“I’m fine, John, I’m fine.” Sherlock tried to reassure him, batting him off.
“My apologies,” he said, raising both palms as he backed away. “Didn’t know he was taken.” He grabbed his beer from the table as he hurried off.
“Molly, I can’t keep monopolizing your time like this,” Sherlock said leading Molly to a quiet corner after the quadrille had finished, “though I do appreciate it. Surely you’re meant to be finding a true companion in the midst of all these accursed gatherings?”
Sherlock took his cup, and settled into a facing armchair. “No status comes without responsibilities, and of course the judgment of others.” He flicked his eyes meaningfully around the room.
With barely suppressed impatience, Sherlock waited for the people to file out, and John to emerge. At last, John broke free, standing out in his Muggle jeans and zip top, moving until he was near enough to touch. Sherlock pulled John in, folding him into his arms. They stood locked, Sherlock just breathing in the smell of John’s hair crushed to his face. It was almost too good to be true.
“This is so weird,” John said looking back at the cliff, “being out like this. I keep expecting some big rover balls to come bouncing out to take us back.”
“Oh really?” The ball of tension snapped back in full force. “Who the hell is Sebastian Wilkes?”
“Alright fine, let’s try again.”
“Didn’t think you took paranormal cases, hmm?”
“I could do that,” Sherlock said, making no move to do anything other than scoop up a bite of rice pudding, pulling the spoon slowly from his lips.
“Oh, yes, of course.” Sherlock smiled charmingly as he transferred his bag to extend a hand. “Dr. Sawyer, how nice to meet you. I’m Sherlock, John’s boyfriend.”
Examining a Muggle office wasn’t turning out to be quite as exciting as he had originally anticipated. By the second week, as he sat sorting and stapling endless bits of paper together, he was quite certain of it.
“You asked me not to let you buy anything else,” John grumbled, shoving his hands into his front pockets. He hadn’t brought his cane along, and his leg was starting to bother him again. At least the shoulder was better.
“It’s not the buried part which I feel is misleading, John. It’s the path to it. Do you recognize the sequence of steps?”
“Of course they will. How else are they going to crush the Resistance?” Lupaza flung herself into another chair. “It won’t stop us though. If anything the Resistance will gain more support. The moderates will have to get off their arses if they don’t want their friends and families killed.”
“That won’t bother the loo will it?” John asked nodding to the far wall that backed against the toilet.
John’s fist finally closed over his weeping erection and stroked. “Is that what you need, then?”
“Don’t forget your cane.” Sherlock’s dream of mouth curled up at the side.
“Is it working?” John asked.
“On a Saturday night?” John asked.
“Bit of a hobby of mine when I was younger.” Sherlock shrugged. “Mycroft and I had tutors before we came to Hogwarts, and I was allowed to choose the things I wanted to study.”
“White gold. To fill in the damage. It is a far stronger alloy, and the decision was made to do the repairs in a manner that preserved its antiquity rather than attempted to make it appear as if new. And yes, that is a diamond. Mycroft, being the eldest, was given them. He certainly has no intention of getting married— for several reasons— so he must believe that I….” Sherlock shook his head. “He brought us both here against our will, and now we… now you can return to the whatever you were removed from. I have no expectations that what had been a suitable diversion when confined to an asylum would remain so in the larger world.”
Holding the lantern to guide them, Sherlock led the way to the tent. John helped him lay out the sleeping bags, unzipping them flat to lie between. They stripped off their layers, fumbling in their haste. When at last they rolled together, John wrapped Sherlock in his arms, laying kisses wherever he could reach.
Sherlock reached out, hauling John against him. They came together, kissing madly, fingers gripping at each other’s clothes, but so quietly, mindful of Mrs. Watson just across the hall.  They parted just long enough to strip off layers, working down to undershirts and briefs, reaching frantically for each other again. When they came up for air, John climbed into his bed, folding back the blankets for Sherlock to follow.
Sherlock set down his cup, and calmly made for the nearest door.  Sadly, a quiet escape wasn’t possible as the man and his friend moved to intercept him.
you.”
“I did enjoy that. Yes, we can add that to the list occasionally, and perhaps we can try stretching me next.”
He was somewhat chagrined to find a well-marked staircase cut into the face of the rock not twenty meters along the way. It even had metal railings affixed to the side for safety’s sake.
“Yeah, you’re MUCH nicer!”
“You shagging me into the mattress.” John dipped his head to capture Sherlock’s lips in a soft kiss. He let his fingers tangle into the silk of Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock quickly lost himself in the music, as he so often did while playing. This was different, though. The clear notes of John’s clarinet wove in and out of his own melody in a way that was almost like making love.
“When will you get out?”
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed taking a swig from his cider. “She grows on you.”
John raised a hand in farewell, and made himself turn and apparate off before he could pull Sherlock back to the bed, and have his way with him for the rest of the day.
“This looks like a beautiful place you’ve chosen for your wedding. I’m chuffed to be included.” John smiled back at Evelyn.
“I dunno.” John blew out a breath, glancing across the room where his mother yelled at one of the kitchen girls for letting a pot of food burn on the hob. The staff scurried about dealing with the small crisis, two throwing open the windows for the smoke, while another hurried the pan to the sink to cool. “Things can get a lot more dodgy down by the Space Port after dark.” John reached for another root.
“You there!” The one in front called.
“Indeed,” Sherlock agreed. “I wasn’t a left-handed asthmatic butcher.”
“Yeah, you’re mine this go. On your back please, sir.” John nudged his hip.
. Sherlock scrambled to pull his phone out in time to answer it.
John looked embarrassed when everyone’s gaze slid his way.
“You’re...you’re….” John felt it. Felt his body tighten, contract, felt the rush of orgasm. He wasn’t sure if he ejaculated or not, but Sherlock’s shift so his tongue was now on the head of John’s cock had indicated that he had.
“Mummy, can I please go see John before we go. I wanted to say good-bye.
“God, Victor. He’s not answering my texts at all. I’m not even sure if he’s broken up with me or not.” The smell of tobacco smoke was sharp in John’s nose. Surely it was that bringing the sudden lump into his throat. “I thought the least I could do was come up and hear it from him in person.”
Again many thanks for ChrisCalledMeSweetie for her very fine beta services. Hope people enjoy the latest installment. Fair warning . . . hold onto your hats, there's a bit of turbulent weather on the good ship Johnlock today!
“Yeah, sure,” John said, hitching the pack higher over his shoulder. “Relax, Har. I’m only moving down the road.”
“I . . .” Sherlock found himself at a loss for words.
“Ma’am.” John nodded politely, stepping forward to extend his hand to her as well. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“Ah, good to know.” John chuckled weakly.
“So? I assumed you weren’t asking me about love earlier for simply theoretical reasons. I couldn’t imagine who you were talking about, but now I have a pretty good idea.”
It had been a bit of an adventure getting fitted for the bespoke suit. Sherlock had sprawled in a nearby chair, mouth covered by his hand as his seaglass eyes cataloged everything the tailor did. He’d pointedly stayed away for the final fitting, though, saying he wanted to see the finished product on John later. John felt pretty pleased about it, taking a final look in the bedroom mirror. The jacket hung well over his shoulders, and trousers tapered nicely down, making his legs look a bit longer than usual.
“Fine, John,” Lupaza mumbled, looking much chastened. “Sorry.”
John grinned when the Owl Post arrived at breakfast, dropping his daily tightly-wrapped scroll by his plate.
him when they learned their relationship  was all just an act. Thankfully the waiter arrived just then, bringing appetizers and a much needed interruption.
“I see,” he said again and John realized that he was be condescending towards him.
John had learned over the years that Sherlock couldn’t quite shut off the rapid information running through his mind. It didn’t really bother him, in fact he thought it was rather sexy, but what was even better than that was being able to make him shut up. Doing just that, John took the large cock all the way into his throat, gagging slightly and pulling back a touch, then swallowing right before he gave a loud humming sound in the back of his throat. He smiled around his husband’s member, as soon as said husband lost his words and could only moan and chant his name.
He knew he would have to break it to his boy that he was not seventeen like his Footballer17 persona. However, there was no need to tell him his true age until they met, and they would meet, Sherlock promised to the darkest part of his chaotic mind. Pulling up a current picture of himself, Sherlock started adding a few airbrush effects, made his face a tad skinnier, his hair a bit longer, and once he was done, the picture was still him but he looked to be in his early twenties instead of early thirties. “That should do,” he smiled to himself.
“Usually all the time,” John could hear the smirk in his voice, “but I fail to see what that has to do with you still being dressed when I’ve told you to strip.” Without another word, Sherlock released his arm and kicked the letter opener into the corner, far away from John’s trembling hands. Warm hands pulled his arms up and then his shirt over his head, leaving no room for struggle or protest on John’s part. When those quick hands moved to his waistband however, John jumped back, grabbing ahold of his trousers for dear life.
“No, Gregory, no!” Mycroft shouted, alerting the hunters to their exact location.
The mic was handed to a man in the audience who had a pen and paper in his hand. “This question is for John, if he may answer.”
“And what if he doesn’t?”
“I knew I could, okay give me a tick,” the man said as he waited a couple of minutes to act like he was just now taking the picture, then hit send and watched the laptop screen intently. The reaction was even better than the detective could have ever imagined,
Sherlock could smell the blood in the air like it was a live wire vibrating with energy. It made his entire body tingle with anticipation and his fangs ache with need. He could envision himself leaping off the chair to tackle his brother, sinking his teeth into the human’s neck and draining him dry. Then, he would move on to Greg, the helpless man who thought a net gun would keep him safe.
==========================================================================================================
“That is a very admirable career, I have no doubt you will succeed in all things you put your mind to, John. You have the heart of a soldier, I can tell, and I’m sure my little brother will be there for you when you need him.” Mycroft’s words shocked the detective. Sherlock had never expected to receive such a blatant blessing from his older brother.
He waited for the teen to log on to their private chat, then continued.
“Open up for me, John, my beautiful John. I need in, let me in,” Sherlock whispered as John finally listened and opened up to allow the full three fingers. It was so tight and hot, the detective couldn’t imagine what it was going to be like to have his cock inside of John, letting the boy hold him. He stroked his fingers in time with the thrusts of his hips, waiting and revving up like a race car at a pit stop, preparing for their final piece of the puzzle. Finally, he pulled out his fingers, taking his achingly hard cock in his hand and lining up for home. “Are you ready to be mine, John?” Although, it did seem pointless to ask looking at the position they were both in at that second, but he wanted his boy to be ready to feel every inch of him.
“Cuppa?” John asked, looking around and crinkling his nose at the messy living room and kitchen.
“You were high,” John said, holding out the toast for Sherlock to finish eating. The human took it and threw it across the room, his eyes focused on nothing but John. “As I take your blood, I release some neuro chemical that affects humans. It makes you feel like everything is okay, so you don’t run.”
“My pleasure John, you’re wearing out this old man. Well, I better go change; we’ll talk tomorrow, yeah?” Sherlock had no intention of changing out of his clothes until the morning, after all, waking up with the pleasure John caused him was becoming his new favorite pastime.
John hadn’t even realized he was breathing hard until the edges of his vision began to turn black. “John? John, calm down,” Sherlock’s voice called to him, but all the teen saw was those poor souls in there who he couldn’t help.
“As I said, unsupervised, and he apparently gave the staff quite a fright.” This time, Mycroft placed his cold attention towards John, sending a shiver down his spine. “You and I will discuss this when we get home, boy. For now though, you will behave yourself for Dr. Magnussen while Sherlock and I have a quick chat.”
towards John.
He was half way to Baker Street when his mobile buzzed with a text.
When he woke up and opened his eyes, there was a pair of blue silver eyes staring at him intently. “Sherlock?” John asked, rubbing his eyes and yawning. His movements felt weird as they were under such scrutiny from his Dom’s piercing eyes. “What?” he finally asked, when the man just sat there with his elbows braced on his knees and his peaked hands holding up his head.
Slowly, very slowly, Sherlock moved one hand to grip the gun while he left the other as a distraction, stroking the boy’s cheek. “That’s it, it’s okay now,” the man cooed when John let out a choked sob. “Such a brave boy, such a good boy, John. I’m sorry I scared you, love,” Sherlock released the clip and slid both pieces over into the corner of the room. “Let’s get you back on the bed so we can eat these scones, yeah?”
John lowered his head. He really tried to keep it up and stare defiantly into Mycroft’s eyes, but he knew he had been reckless this afternoon, and maybe he did deserve punishment.
Sherlock thought as he hopped into the bed and situated the boy under him as they both lay on their stomachs. One arm was over Archie’s back while he had the other tucked under himself.
“Yeah, yeah, I promise, no overexerting here,” John grinned at the man rolling his eyes.
“Sherlock,” Greg sighed, squeezing the bridge of his nose. “John, I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?”
“I’m here, Sherlock,” he said, placing the sheet over Sherlock and then one over himself. When Mycroft opened the door, John stepped out, feeling the heat immediately. It was late into the afternoon, but the sun still shone brightly enough to cause discomfort, even under a blanket.
Chapter 11 – Breaking Down
“Then he decided he didn’t love me anymore and wanted to go back to his rich life and ‘high society.’” Sherlock knew it was best to play up the fact Victor didn’t love him and had a better place to be because that, at the end of the day, was what made John different. His John lived a life of mediocrity with the burden of being the load bearing wall for the weak pathetic fools around him.
He went upstairs and into John’s room to find the vampire sitting cross-legged, waiting for him. “Feeling better after you’ve had a bit to eat, yes?” Sherlock asked, walking over to the chains at the side of the bed.
“Get off me,” John barked, but his words held little threat. His body was exhausted and his muscles ached, all he wanted to do was be let down. “Let me down.”
“He’s fine, Mycroft. He’s in the bedroom sleeping, well…more like hibernating,” John said, trying to reassure the man who, even in this state, was worried about his little brother. These humans were starting to grow on him.
“No thanks,” John laughed, feeling relaxed and a tad giddy as he batted the hand away, “I’ve got plenty,” he looked down at his soaked trousers. John had lost count of how many shirts had been ripped by Sherlock, how many zippers had been broken, and how many pants had been stained. “You can keep it,” they both laughed at that, but Sherlock took it to heart and began moving his tongue around his own fingers to get every drop.
“Really? Yeah, yeah, okay, I’ll be there in about fifteen minutes, just hold on.”
“John, hey Johnny, that you?” his sister’s voice whispered from around the corner. Moments later, his friends…
John nodded and looked at the ground, unsure of himself and everything he was getting ready to do. He thought it was the best thing for his friends; after all, just look at how happy Molly was with her new Dom.
“I wouldn’t call one of the founding members of the League lying passed out on the floor ‘gaining a lot of ground.’” Greg said. He continued his inspection of Sherlock’s torso. Thankfully, his focus was straying from Sherlock’s sire and onto the younger vampire. Sherlock sniffed the human lightly, purring at the scent of fresh meat. He paused though, glancing briefly at his cock that was dripping light fluid onto his stomach. If he tried to attack Greg now, then John wouldn’t finish what he started.
John stared at the man curiously, waiting to find out what his game plan was. “Have a seat, John. Eat your breakfast before it gets cold.” Mycroft gestured with his good hand to the seat adjacent to him on the long side of the table.
“John, I need you to come with me, now okay? There’s a good lad,” another voice said to him, or maybe it was to somebody else, another John perhaps.
“What, if you can’t give me bliss, nobody can?” John said, struggling in Sherlock’s grip. He didn’t want the stupid arsehole touching him, even if the warmth radiating off his lap was exquisite.
Mycroft's POV from the beginning of the series to present.
Sherlock finished up the note, looked it over to make sure every letter was perfect and then brought it into where John was still sleeping soundly. He placed his gloved hands over the boy’s soft shoulders and ran them up and down a few times, feeling the warm friction they created together. Pushing back the wonderful thought of having John drugged and pliant under him and ready for the taking, Sherlock worked meticulously placing the boy’s finger prints all over the note, the envelope, and finally pulling out the small tongue and licking the adhesive. “Good boy John,” he whispered down with a sweet smile.
The coldness John felt on his back when Sherlock left was intolerable. His muscles tightened and he squeezed his eyes together as he waited.
“That’s okay, John, you’re just stubborn.” The little girl smiled, obviously unaware of what those words actually meant. Greg couldn’t hold back a barked laugh, earning a glare from John. She’d been listening to everything her Dom had said, and watching apparently.
“Molly,” Greg shot up, scooting the chair back. “Umm, what are you doing up, sweetheart, it’s two in the morning?”
“Good boy, that’s it,” he praised and John was disturbed at how much he soaked it up, acting like balm on the soreness in his arse. “Come for me John, come while I’m inside of you.”
He let out a low predatory growl, his skin tingling with excitement. Something inside, a voice maybe, urging him to rip, bite, feast upon the young girl. Finally giving in to the chanting in his head, Sherlock leapt out of the bed, but instead of grabbing hold of the nurse, his legs gave out and he fell straight to the floor. An inhuman growl left his throat as he tried to right himself.
“What?!” John’s brow knitted together in confusion and disbelief.
“But I-” John started, but the look Irene gave him shut any argument down quicker than Mycroft could have. “Okay.”
Thank you for reading and I would love to hear what you thought of this latest update(:
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asked, real concern in his voice.
“I’ll tell Mycroft,”
“I…I’m sorry, I’ve never sired another vampire before and this feeling of possessiveness is getting the better of me.” John patted down Mycroft’s shirt, even as the man backed away. “Just let me see Sherlock for a moment and you’ll see how my presence affects him. Don’t let you hatred for me jeopardize your brother’s life.
“He was with me!” Sherlock shot back, placing a firm hand on the back of John’s head.
“Because you ran away,” Sherlock said, though it wasn’t an accusation, more of a statement.
“They’re alone, just go talk to her while I’m in the store. I need to pick out some clothes too, so just go buy them a coffee and then ‘poof’ you’re in!” John shoved his nervous mate over towards the girls, pleased that after a few pushes Mike went on his own.
“Glad you’re here Sherlock, this is a nasty one I’ll tell ya,” the grey haired man said, kneeling down by the victim. The play out of the murder was obvious to the consulting detective before Lestrade even started rattling off the case specifics. Bored already and wanting to get back to the only intriguing thing that could bring tranquility to his mind, Sherlock strode over to where the angry mistress had shoved the knife under the kitchen sink. Throwing open the cupboard, he revealed a pool of blood and a large steak knife behind the rubbish bin.
Both humans didn’t object, only rubbed their hands through their hair and sighed at the truth. If Sherlock was turned by any other vampire, John knew, he would have killed at least a dozen people by now, and most likely be on the Leagues hit list. That wasn’t going to happen to Sherlock though, he was misguided, yes, but he had a good heart that just needed proper guidance. John would take care of him until his dying breath.
John smiled slightly, remembering how he’d woken up back in the Pipes with his pants on his head and his undershirt pulled over his legs like trousers. “Good, okay, so I want you to throw them in the yard only, not inside the house. Aim for trees or bushes that will go up in smoke quickly, yeah?” The two nodded at him solemnly, “then shout ‘fire’ as loud as you can, only once or twice though, and then run as fast as you can back here. The fire department and probably IBAD are going to show up within ten minutes so we all need to be out of there fast.”
He started laying out the facts he had gathered since they met at WestQuay, trying to make since of the last few hours.
Chapter 5 – Part of Me
“Are you quite done, Inspector? For our brain cells sake, I would hope so,” Sherlock quipped back without even looking up from his phone. He quickly removed his elbows and patted Molly’s head, stirring her gently.
“Ow!” John yelped at the sudden pain from the pull on his insides. It was reduced suddenly by Sherlock’s hand on his cock. He loosened the rope slightly so he could stroke John from base to tip, easily sliding with the left over lube on his hand. “Oh God,” John moaned, his hips trying to buck into the man’s hand. It felt so good, but he felt even more violated and hurt. Soon though, the pain in his arse turned to pleasure as Sherlock made long slow pulses with his hips.
“Good, okay, here we are, John. If you promise you won’t run or do anything rash I’ll take the cuff off you. Do I have your word?” John nodded and the metal was removed from his hands, and then he was led out of the car and into a large building.
When John made it back inside the house, too easily he realized, the warm air didn’t feel as nice as it did the first time. He wanted to call out for the little girl but knew any noise would seal their fates. However, when he saw the light on in the living room, John knew it was too late and now the only decision was how he was going to provide a distraction to get Molly far enough away. That’s when he heard a strange noise, one he didn’t hear very often, a giggle.
Hey everyone,
“John, you know that kind of language is not to be used in this house,” Mycroft told him, standing up.
“That’s a good boy,” Sherlock told him and petted his head like a dog. John would be lying if he said it didn’t feel good, but the bitter taste in his mouth caused by the degrading act made the whole experience a negative in John’s book. Sherlock, as always, placed his hand on the back of John’s nape, just above his collar, as they walked out the door.
When the doorbell rang, Mycroft was the first to head towards the door. He opened it to reveal Greg and two other men in suits. “Ready to go, then?”
“I commend you on your glacial pace, brother dear,” Mycroft drawled, giving a quick glance at John. “I hope you learn a few things from this experience, John. You’ll come to find I do not care to repeat myself.” Leaving the threat open, Mycroft opened the door and Sherlock ushered John into the open air.
“Tell him if he won’t help you, you will go to Mycroft,” Sherlock ordered, knowing how much Moriarty hated and feared his brother.
In the end though they had worked his sentence down to ten years, well at least that’s what the documentation said. As Mycroft twirled around the Courvoisier XO in a fine brandy snifter, he laughed and chatted one by one with all those who had their greedy little hands in his brother’s case; from the psychiatrist who talked with John from the officer who drove Sherlock to the station, they all acquiesced eventually as some went home with chocolate liquors for their wives or a few other blunt tokens of ‘agreement.’ Honestly, it repulsed him as he finished with the last minion who walked out with a measly two tickets for the National Live Theatre.
“Yes, very well. Have security keep an eye on him. Alert me if he finds someone, yes. Is that all?” He snapped, not meaning to be harsh but it wasn’t the first time and wouldn’t be the last for both his tone and Sherlock’s infractions. However, one thing was for certain though, Mycroft had and would always be there to pick up the pieces afterwards. It’s what he’d promised mummy on her death bed, and Lord knows what she had to put up with raising the little demon child, and that’s what he was going to do, come hell or high water.
John's having nightmares. Anthea visits to talk about the conference schedule.
Hey everyone! Thanks for all the support for this series. I've been splitting my time between writing this and two other fics, so if you feel like reading a Dom/Sub story, I would love for you to check out 'The Second Law.' Or, if you're more in the mood for sweet cuddles and angst, you might enjoy 'The Pack of 221B' series.
“You mean they were drenched in a liter of my blood,” John said, his voice sarcastic as ever.
“Look, Mycroft-” was all John could say before white hot pain shot through his neck and down to every joint in his body. Tears fell from his eyes, pooling at the bottom of his chin until they fell to the ground.
When they entered the building, John kept his eyes down, not wanting to upset any Doms in this place. If he ticked off somebody in here, he could get the shot the next day. “Ah, Mr. Holmes, Jeremy said you’d be stopping by,” a woman said. John only saw her feet, but she was wearing black heels that shined with the florescent lighting.
“All in good time,” the man chuckled, “how about you wash me off before we run out of hot water, yeah?” In a single moment, feelings of frustration, lust, fear, and want all passed through his young brain until he pushed them away and grabbed the soap bottle with wide eyes.
He snuck up behind the first man and snapped his neck, letting the body drop to the floor like a rag doll.
“You’re being such a brave boy for me, John,” Sherlock cooed above him. To John’s dismay and sadly relief, the words soothed the pain in his shoulder like a fast acting balm. It still hurt though and the horror of the unknown was still too much for the young man, so he began to lash out…or, at least tried to lash out. Before John could even get his hands under him to push up, a large hand began petting through his hair gently, playfully even.
“You do realize I’m sitting right here,” John snapped at the two men. His patience was growing thin, and the storm brewing inside him was a force to be reckoned with.
“Orgasm control comes with experience but I’ll tell you what mate, there are sometime you just can’t help it. I’ve been that way recently.”
“’Cause you’re a Dom…Doms are…are fu’ing arse…holes,” John moaned when one of the amazing hands on his back released a knot of tension under his shoulder blade. For some reason his tongue wasn’t working right but that didn’t matter, no, the only thing that mattered was his Dom was asking questions and John would answer anything to remain suspended in bliss forever.
Also, happy Memorial Day to those of you in the States(: I know other countries have Remembrance Day, Armistice Day, etc. but I don't know the date, so to you I'll just say Happy Monday!!
John kept his mouth shut, unsure of what he should say. What would Mycroft do if he found out John could create his own bliss?
John opened his mouth wide in a silent cry and clinched his eyes shut as his muscles tightened. He jerked himself brutally fast until every last drop ran down the drain. His breathing was labored as he rinsed off his hands and feet.
“No!” John growled. His entire body started to shiver and he could feel hibernation pulling at him. A vampire’s body needed rest to heal from severe wounds, or else they’re old bodies would soon wither away. “Fuck you,” John’s growling turned into groans as he rolled on to his back.
“No,” he said, his voice thick and tired from an overload of pleasure.
“You will be walking around naked if you do not have those clothes on in ten seconds,” Mycroft’s voice was still stern and obviously dominant but no command to make the pain in his nape go away.
“Mycroft Holmes speaking?” The familiar voice answered the phone.
John began to squirm and struggle when Sherlock grabbed the waistband of his pants and trousers and tugged down, exposing John’s bare arse for all to see. Sherlock held him tightly to his lap, like a Venus flytrap that finally found its prey. John whimpered slightly at the fact that his hands barely touched the ground and his feet were completely off.
John’s long cursing session in his mind was cut off when he felt himself being picked up off the bed. “I know just how to show you how teenagers are supposed to act,” Sherlock laughed, hauling the boy into the bathroom with surprising ease.
“Do you think he was lying?” Greg asked, getting into the car and pulling Sherlock in after him. Mycroft followed, putting his arm around his brother’s naked shoulders.
John hesitantly extended his hand, which Sherlock grabbed gently. “It remains stagnant, waiting for us to drink and our heart to beat,” John said. Sherlock hummed in response as he cleaned John’s finger with an alcohol wipe. He pricked John’s finger, watching intently as the thicker than normal blood oozed out. Sherlock squeezed the tip of John’s finger, letting the blood drip into the vial.
“It might be overwhelming at first, John, as your body is still acclimating to Bliss, but in time you will get used to it. Just accept it, let it wash over you, that’s it,” the Dom continued to coach and praise while John’s thighs wobbled as he tried to stand up. It was actually easier than he thought to slowly flush out the chemicals telling his body to create dopamine, especially when the bliss was nowhere near as deep and fulfilling like when Sherlock put him down.
After two minutes, Molly was snoring slightly and her breath had evened out enough that John knew she was asleep. “Thank you,” John said, keeping his eyes on Molly though his words were directed towards Sherlock. “She hasn’t experienced much kindness in her life, especially not from Doms. So…thanks,” he looked up to see Sherlock staring at him. It was a strange look, as if for the first time Sherlock didn’t know what to say.
It was easy, too easy, Sherlock thought, as he sat in the back of an unmarked car. It only took two favors; one from Mycroft and one from the nurse who Sherlock helped avoid jail seven years ago. He now understood the appeal of politics that his brother had taken to, especially when his prize sat on his lap.
“Yes, I believe that is for the best,” Mycroft said, motioning them over to the door of the massive room.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock ran a hand over his face, “you know very well I would be banned within a week if I joined those pompous ignorant bastards.”
“Oh, you should be, John. After I’m done with you, you won’t even think those offensive words, let alone speak them to your Dom.” Mycroft whispered, cupping the back of John’s head to force the Sub to look up at him.
John cried out, his entire body convulsing as his release shot over the bed and even went far enough to land on the floor. Sherlock wanted to play this game with the cock ring again sometime and was pretty sure John would feel the same after that amazing orgasm. “Are you okay?” Sherlock asked as they both laughed and panted.
PREVIOUSLY ON ALL FALL DOWN: John is a 234 year old vampire who doesn't kill his prey. Sherlock is a vampire hunter who, instead of killing John like Mycroft told him too, captures John and experiments on him to better understand vampires. As always, Sherlock pushes things too far and things go terribly wrong and John turns him into a vampire. Mycroft, a founding member of the League, and Greg, a vampire hunter, help John and Sherlock escape to a secluded cabin where John hopes to train Sherlock in self control. Basically, Pavlov's dog meets blow jobs.
Ten minutes later, she finished her story about how she was positive Kim the secretary had an eating disorder because no woman with three kids could be that skinny. “Umm, mum, can I ask you a question?” John was finally able to get a word in before she started back up.
Hello again everybody, thank you so much for all the comments and kudos(: I'm glad to see people are enjoying the darker side of the Sherlock Fandom.
Settling for his blue and grey stripped clothes, John walked passed Sherlock, ignoring the man’s hand as he left the room.
“Sherlock, I still don’t see how you can compare-“
Hello everyone! So sorry for the delay on this chapter. I'm finished with finals now though, so I will be able to dedicate more time towards these fics(: As I said earlier, I really don't know where this fic is going so bear with me until the plot lampreys come banging on my door.
“What is her name?”
“Is she okay?” the boy’s voice was meek, well meek by John’s standards but compared to most broken Subs, it was still petulant.
“Yes, you are! I can see it on your face,” Sherlock pouted, but still looked shaken up from recalling the events of the movie.
Out of the car window he saw the small shivering boy standing with his hands braced on the safety bars. “Stop the car!”
“No,” John said simply, looking into dark crazy eyes and feeling a twinge of guilt settle in his gut. He made Sherlock like this. Sure, he could blame it on the fact that Sherlock tied him down until John went into a frenzy, but still, it was John and John alone who turned Sherlock into this crazed animal. “You need to pace yourself while drinking. It will help your body process the blood better, and it will teach you control.”
When John began to try and squirm away, that was when Sherlock had to step in before  he hurt himself. Pressing his large chest against him, Sherlock shoved him up against the wall, feeling how the boy was pinned easily while he opened him up. “S-stop, it hurts, Sherlock, please,” John cried again, but it didn’t matter, they were too far in this and there was no possible way he could pull away from that oasis he’d found.
Chapter 7 – Madness
Sighing, John picked up the cup and took a sip, knowing it was a trust game that the Holmes boys were playing. It didn’t make sense that they would drug him now, but one never knew when dealing with lunatics.
“You bastards want to use me to prove who has a bigger dick and can piss the farthest,” John growled, trying to form escape plan after escape plan in his head so when the time came, he would be able to get out of here and away from these crazy bastards.
“My neck….it’s numb,” the Sub said, closing his eyes until Sherlock shouted for him to keep them open. The commands washed over him, taking away most of the pain, but soon it wasn’t enough and a sharp ache started to build in the base of his skull.
Chapter 1 – No Light, No Light
John thought smugly, but as soon as the hatful remark passed through his mind, he stopped and cupped his hand over his mouth.
“Oh wait, I have some Newcastle, too. Have you ever tried it?”
“Dry off and then come into our bedroom. I want to put the collar on you,” was all Sherlock said before he stood up, placed a towel around his waist and left John alone and hard in the bath tub.
“No, that makes since. Thank you, this…umm, well this is my first beer. Actually no, I accidentally took a sip of my mom’s once ‘cause I thought it was Root Beer, but I spit it out before I swallowed it.”
Their conversation went on and on for about an hour, talking about the latest movies, music, football games, and which professors they would like to murder and why. Finally, John’s voice was relaxed, as was his body and Sherlock had had enough of hunting. It was time to pounce. “Hey, I forgot to ask, so are you a virgin?” He asked nonchalantly.
John gulped audibly.
John slowly ran his tongue over the gash, unconsciously rubbing Sherlock’s stomach with his hand. Once it was closed up, John followed the line that had trickled down farther. Sherlock could feel the breath on his crotch, making his whole body shiver. When John was done, he didn’t leave, he only stayed there and began nudging Sherlock through his pants.
“You’re going to be alright, Sherlock,” Mycroft told him, though he had no idea if his words were truthful. “Gregory, will you stay with John while I tend to Sherlock?” He trusted very few people, a number he could count using half a hand really, but Gregory was one of them, even if he did withhold information about Sherlock’s shenanigans.
“Weeell,” Greg said, standing up and brushing his suit off, “I can see my efforts are not needed here anymore. But John,” he said as he dug through his jacket pocket, “I want you to take my card, just…if you ever need to talk about anything, day or night.”
“That’s my boy,” Sherlock grunted, feeling the exact moment John came with each throb of his cock vibrating through the older man’s hand. Two large and two small pulses was what John offered before he started to twitch in pain from overstimulation. Sherlock continued to hump John from behind, appreciating how his arse cheeks split with every upward thrust until finally, he came. “Yes!” He shouted, slowing his hips down and staying a moment longer in his post orgasmic glow. His seed had shot all the way up to reach the nape of John’s neck and for a moment, Sherlock fantasized about rubbing the white come into the burn mark, staking his claim even more. However, his medical knowledge intervened, telling him it was a very bad idea with too many unforeseen problems for his John. After all, he didn’t want to cause the boy any unnecessary harm.
“Arseholes,” Sherlock mumbled under his breath. He held his stomach with both hands, grunting and growling every time the car jostled.
“John, don’t!” He head Sherlock shout at him, as if the man could see the half-baked plan coming to fruition.
John grinned at her, knowing this couldn’t be true and she was just a paid actress; a very convincing actress, but one nonetheless. “Okay, ‘Miss Adler,’” John made air quotes with his hands and laced her name with condensation. “How do you even know who I am?’”
“Of course I do, just put some more cameras around Baker Street, I’m sure he’ll show up again. The bastard still wants to talk to John so he’ll be back eventually but I can handle him, he won’t deceive me again. I know his tricks now, Mycroft, and no one is going to take my John away from me, no one!” Sherlock glared at his brother, angry he would accuse him of putting his boy’s life in danger. He gave one last sneer then headed up into their bedroom, where John was still draped over the bed, like a beautiful Van Gough landscape. No. No artist could ever capture the exquisite beauty of his John; for there were no amount of colors or brush strokes that could portray the innocent brave heart of the Angel who lay in his bed.
“Will you behave?” Mycroft asked, looking down at him. John nodded, making his eyes as pleading as possible. “No,” he said, still keeping eye contact with the Sub on the ground, “we won’t be needing any restraints today, but thank you.”
It only took one shake from the blonde head for the pain to return, bringing the water in his eyes to form to tears as he hunched over, punching the floor with his fist as hard as he could, hoping to transfer some of the pain to the wood floor. The action only made his hand hurt after the pain in his neck stopped. When John pulled himself up, his stomach muscles twitching, he was met with the same look from amused blue eyes and a white bar. D
It was nice, of course it was nice, to have someone that focused on him, love him above all else.
“Language,” Mycroft said, his voice steel that cut through John’s weak defense.
“I work for the government, nothing really worth bragging about, just simple clerical business. What do you want to be when you grow up, John?” Mycroft asked, manipulating the boy whichever way he wanted, causing Sherlock to become more protective of his possession. Placing a possessive hand over John’s neck, he planted a soft kiss on the top of the gold locks, reminding him his Sherlock was there if he was scared.
“Who the fuck are you people?” John said, his eyes wide with fear and disbelief. He had never seen nor heard of this group before and somehow they knew everything about him. With his hand on the panic button the nurses gave him, John glared at the neatly put together woman. “Well? You better start explaining yourself before I call my Doms in here.” John couldn’t believe his own words, but still they offered comfort in this unknown situation.
Greg wasn’t stupid enough to take on the other Hunters, so the man bolted back into the bedroom and closed the door. “Mycroft,” he whispered, walking over to the bed where both Holmes men lay. “We need to leave, okay? But I can’t carry both of you. Do you think you can walk on your own?”
“Yes, Sherlock,” John whispered without hesitation both from his aching neglected cock and the promise of making the feeling even better, which could undeniably be seen in the silver eyes above him.
“I’m sorry, John. I didn’t mean to upset you,” Jim said as a man came to take him out of the room. “I’ll see you later, yeah?”
Hello again everyone,
“Gregory, I can’t ask you to do that,” Mycroft said, his brow furrowed in concern.
“Yeah, of course, it’s right over there, that beer will do that to ya, yeah?” He called, trying to act like he didn’t know John was about to have a panic attack as the boy scurried away.
She looked from Greg, to Sherlock, then to Mycroft. “Mr. Holmes, there are twenty reporters and at least fifty protestors outside. The police are holding them back, but I think it best if you use this.” She lifted the lead and handed it to Sherlock, completely ignoring John.
“I’ll be home before you know it, John,” he kissed the boy’s head and motioned for one of Mycroft’s men to come over to take him to the car. “This is Giles, you are safe with him, I promise,” John’s eyebrows drew up in panic, but he seemed to calm a bit when Sherlock stroked a hand over his cheek. It was playing dirty, using an anchor point he’d created to help John unconsciously relax, but it needed to be done to avoid a scene.
“Very good. Now John, I know you’ve been through an ordeal over the past month or so and I am willing to let this slide on the grounds that I think it was too early for you to come back. Rest assured, the other students will be punished as I was told by Miss Morstan what happened at lunch. Now, go wait in the office for your guardian to retrieve you, Mr. Watson.”
“Sherlock, for the love of Christ,” Greg said, grabbing Sherlock’s ankle and pulling him away and off the bed. The older man pulled him up, holding him at arm’s length and checking him over for any injuries.
“Just drink the juice, then you’ll feel better.”
Sherlock was grunting and cursing as he used his wrapped up arm to reach for a flannel that had fallen on the floor. “I’ve got it,” John said without thinking. He slowly made his way over and got down on his knees to pick up the cloth. Before he handed it to Sherlock, he realized the man couldn’t use his dominate hand to wash himself. Plus, Sherlock looked like he was about to fall asleep right there. “Here, just lie back,” John said, dipping the flannel in the warm water.
It wasn’t until he met John that the elder Holmes realized he’d made the right decision in not removing the boy from Sherlock’s grasp. He had picked the lock after several knocks and as he entered Sherlock’s flat, he heard moaning and grunts from upstairs.
“Oh, erm, Afghanistan, but how did you . . .”
“Yes, what it is, Mycroft? I was busy working when your flunkeys grabbed me off a street where
“Please,” Victor said, his voice going slightly wobbly.
“I’m not a child.” Sherlock folded his arms over his chest, wincing only slightly at the pull on sunburnt skin. “I . . . we  don’t require a minder.” He glanced back at John who did his best to give an encouraging smile.
They found the paved path that led back to the main building lined with small solar lamps that no doubt came on after dusk. Large glass doors led them into a reception area that looked quite a bit more modern than John was expecting after the historic exterior.
“Can’t leave you alone for a minute, can I?” John’s voice came out strangled. “Sherlock, you promised.”
“Wait, what’s a phone again?” Tom asked.
John gingerly climbed back into the bed and laid a tentative hand on Sherlock’s thigh, he asked quietly, “Don’t you think I’m…broken or…weak?”
“Yes, me too.” Sherlock looked up into the depths of John’s eyes, feeling dizzy. It might have been the wine or it might just have been the predatory look John raked over him.  When John stretched his body fully over him, Sherlock felt himself beginning to harden again already.
He leaned in for another soft and sweet slide of mouths, but John parted his lips, Sherlock’s tongue slipped inside, and the kiss turned molten as they pressed closer. John surged in until Sherlock was pushed back against the refrigerator and John was all but climbing him to get at his lips, one hand griping his shirt while the other twined into his curls.
The relief that washed over Mycroft was monumental. It left him weak, sagging in his bonds, but the hot tidal wave of indignation that followed quickly on its heels, felt like whiplash. He’d been
John glanced around at the elegant ice sculptures that didn’t melt in the warm summer evening, and the ropes of fairy lights glowing gently above the heads of the people laughing and talking in a buzz around them.  He could see Mycroft a few tables away chatting seriously with a rather fit dark-haired man. The tent didn’t look that big from outside, but once under it, the space was simply enormous.
Sherlock led him to a rubbish bin, and then showed him the area where he made his fantastic soaps. John had enjoyed a bath just yesterday with the last bit of one. He’d had to fight Harry and Clara for it. Everyone had enjoyed the honey-scented soap he’d gotten at the farmers market.
“I’m so sorry, I had no idea when I invited Irene to the retreat center . . .”
“Well, now, and your name would be?” Lestrade moved closer to peer down at the brute. Alastaire beside him tried to sink down in his chair as if he thought he might become conveniently invisible if he just slumped down far enough.
“Do what?”
A giggle ran through the other students. Sherlock brushed their reactions aside to focus on the boy.
John had the sudden desire to kiss that little wrinkle between his brows. He tamped it ruthlessly down.
“Well, how is she?” Sherlock met them nervously at the door.
“Hey new boy, move your arse . . .” a Bajoran man in smeared face paint trailed off as he caught sight of Sherlock. “Oh, excuse me, sir.” He backed up, fear flickering through his eyes.
“Oh my God, Sherlock, that was incredible!”
A discreet knock had John answering the door.
“Yes, at a local harvest ball, but I went to Beauxbatons, and he to another school, and we only saw each other on holidays. We said we would wait for each other, but in my final year, I had the honor of competing at the Triwizarding tournament at Hogwarts.”
John stepped closer, and that marvelous smell washed over Sherlock again,
“John doesn’t speak German,” Sherlock explained tersely.
“Oh, John, I am sorry. I still have not seen Sherlock.” Kurt said, frowning.
Sherlock glanced away, finding Kira as she moved through the crowd. “I can see why she dislikes me so much. I stole you away from her.” Sherlock watched as she convinced another man, one with strapping arms and a patch over one eye, to join her. They laughed as they moved toward the forming circle.
Victoire gave a battle cry as she flicked her wand, sending a splash of gold paint across Owen’s backside.  She swore when Tom shot a line of red across her middle before dashing off again. The large glowing scoreboard changed neatly to read “Red: 1, Gold: 1.”
“You know he does what he wants, don’t you?” John huffed. “He’s like a big  . . . cat.”
“Good, John. Well done.”
“Right. Sherlock asked me to move in. We just brought my stuff over yesterday.” John could feel his hackles starting to rise.
“Ah, Sherlock, come, join us!” Dukat called out.
“I’m sorry I said that. I didn’t mean it.”
Sherlock sighed as John kissed over the swell of his stomach, caressing it with lovingly rubbed circles. “Hellooo babies. Helloo in there.” John rumbled his voice against Sherlock’s pale skin stretched taut over his cargo. A small shiver of movement rippled under the surface in answer.
“What are ye wearing?” A lovely Scottish brogue rolled out over the airwaves.
“Oh.” Sherlock groaned from from deep inside his chest. John could feet the vibration under his tongue.“Oh, John stop. Stop or we won’t make it to dinner, and I know you’re hungry.”
“What?” Molly looked at the egg on her plate with trepidation. “Is there something wrong with the food?”
“That does sound interesting.” John smiled softly. “Still, I don’t want you missing meals because of work.” John reached out to push back a curl that had flopped over Sherlock’s forehead. “Promise me you’ll eat at least twice a day. Real meals, not just some nibble.”
John flashed back to the incident several nights ago when Sherlock had rushed home late. There had been a slightly acrid chemical odor clinging to his clothes and hair before he’d gone for a wash. They’d of course ignored it, and gone to bed as usual.
“Number?” Sherlock whispered.
,” Sherlock said, climbing down from the bunk. “Is everyone  . . .” he couldn’t finish the sentence as his feet touched ground.
“Yes, of course, Mummy.”  Mycroft moved to follow as his mother steered her husband toward the open door.
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair, ruffling it up as he thought. It had been a full month since he and John had last been able to slip away and prowl the streets of Dahkur unfettered. Mid-Winter was a time of holiday observances that ground the usual routine of life to a crashing halt. First there was Warp Memorial Day, then Founders’ Day, then the New Year to celebrate. Sherlock had spent the last few precious weekends being dragged around to increasingly awful, holiday-inspired festivities with his family.
He slid to the floor and buried his face in John’s lap.
Sherlock glanced briefly up at the sound of their entrance, did an almost comic double take, and froze, his mouth caught in a perfect O. Mike bumped into John who had suddenly become a statue blocking the doorway.
“Thanks, Irene, you’re a brick.”  Sherlock mustered up a wan smile.
Sherlock’s full weight returned, bearing him down, pushing, pushing until John’s legs went out and he collapsed fully onto the mattress. John felt his face mash into the bedding as the weight caged him, consumed him, pressing in on all sides. Lights exploded behind his eyes, loud noises, pain, need to move, get away. He couldn’t breathe, couldn’t fucking breathe. He was breaking up, falling apart . . .
“Alright, ya mad bastard.” John grinned.
“Offworld,” John said. “She’s in a refugee camp in the Magellan system . . .” John trailed off.
“Oh, yes, please.” Sherlock fumbled a moment, finding his phone so they could exchange numbers.
"I doubt your brother would wait this long to send us a booby trap."
“Problem?” Sharp blue eyes regarded John from across the room.
“God. What was it, fate? Some psychic resonance? Did I dream you into existence?” John pressed his face to Sherlock’s shirt front.
“Really? I mean, I know you said that before we met you never thought sex was worth the trouble, but that doesn’t necessarily mean you never had a crush on anyone.”
“I can’t just stay here, I can’t do . . . nothing.”  Sherlock grabbed a handful of his hair, tugging in frustration.
“Tell me when you’re getting close.” Sherlock flipped the switch and set the toy buzzing again.
“It’s hardly worth it with just me.” Sherlock shrugged a shoulder. “Besides, I’m at the workshop so much, all I do is sleep here.”
“Vic, stop right there. You’re plenty interesting. Teddy’s a good bloke, but he’s an arse. He’s lucky to have you.”
“I just need a few things . .  .”
Once upon a time there lived a young prince known as Sir Boast-A-Lot. It wasn’t his real name, but he was such an insufferable know-it-all, bothering everyone about the castle, that someone called him the nick-name and it stuck. Soon no one even remembered what the prince was actually called. Despite the name, the prince continued sticking his nose in where it didn’t belong. One day a woman, a distant relation, came to visit the castle. Unbeknownst to the prince, the woman was a powerful sorceress. When the prince insulted her that night at dinner, revealing private facts about herself for all and sundry to hear, the woman was enraged.
“While it might be illegal for Cardassians, Bajorans do recognize same-sex unions.” Sherlock faced the crowd, raking his best officer’s glare over them. “Regardless, it isn’t up to ordinary citizens to mete out ad hoc justice on street corners. I’ll kindly ask you all to disperse now. Fun’s over. Move along.”
As the light dimmed outside, the candles cast a warm glow over the tables. The low buzz of chatter around them was pleasant, and Sherlock looked simply ravishing, the candlelight painting a buttery hue over his pale skin. John felt himself relaxing over his plate of gnocchi. They talked of nothing terribly consequential until their plates were empty. When Angelo returned, they refused dessert more emphatically than usual.
“Ah, good to hear I haven’t lost my touch. Only been pulling birds since I got here. Nice to have a bloke in my bed again.”
. . .”
“I told her I was already with someone. I’m sorry I couldn’t be more honest, but I let her know I wasn’t available.”
“Ah.” John reached up to run his hand over his mouth. “You thought I might like that?”
He wondered briefly about it all in the shower after pulling out a quick one. Having a wank was now simply a part of his morning routine between soaping up his pits and washing his hair. You’d think they might have had a conversation about . . . things at some point, but for some reason, it never came up.
“I’m… fine,” said John. After all, it wasn’t exactly dangerous at this point, just, a bit uncomfortable. And a bit uncomfortable was… also...good. John’s fleeting thought regarding the need to purchase a thesaurus was immediately derailed as Sherlock put his mouth on John’s body once more, but this time just a bit further south. John gasped, his cock struggled to return to its previous state, and it seemed to be rather determined.
“I think we’ll be back together before then, but yeah, thanks.”  John smiled at her. “So, what happened with you and your girlfriend?”
“Oh, for God’s sake.” Sherlock frowned at the car ahead of them, barely tottering along well below the posted speed limit.
Prophets, brother. You aren’t actually Bajoran.”
The prince felt a horrible writhing begin over his entire body. He ran as fast as he could from the dining hall into the night trying to escape the spell, but the magic had wrapped its tendrils around him. As he ran, he felt himself twisting and growing until he had turned into an enormous dragon. There was no way he could return to the castle having grown to almost half the size of it, so reluctantly, Sir Boast-A-Lot left his home, raising his wings to the breeze to find somewhere more dragony to roost.
“Yeah, 'night.”
When Sherlock returned to plop into the seat next to John it was with a curl to his lovely lip.
We welcome your kind comments and kudos. 😊❤️😊
He curled up on the settee and set about clicking through the backlog of emails in his inbox. He advertised his detective business on a variety of websites, but he only took the cases that truly amused him . . . or Mycroft forced upon him.  All too soon, Sherlock felt his eyelids starting to droop. He could of course just curl up and go to sleep on the sofa, it was almost long enough for him to stretch out, but the idea of the wide, comfortable-looking bed with the intriguing little man wouldn’t leave his mind. Sherlock flicked off the lights in the sitting room, and made his way to the bedroom door.
John bit his lip, glaring at the door of the classroom, willing a tall curly-haired git to appear. At the last possible moment, the door swung open, and Sherlock swanned in to take a seat in the back.  John sighed, relieved to see him as the professor called the class to order. John watched with some trepidation as Professor Caldwell began passing out the exam packets that would either keep him in pre-med or seal his doom.
A nice glass of foaming butterbeer to otp221b for her fabulous, and very fast beta services!!
“It’s to go see Sherlock,” she insisted.
“That was good?” Sherlock lay against him, dropping his head on John’s shoulder. He had a bit of a rasp in his voice, which John couldn’t help finding a bit sexy.
“Aw, Teddy. Leave off.” Owen grumbled, folding the letter away to slide into a book. “I’m sorry Eileen got a bit nuts on the perfume. It’s not that bad.”
Sherlock pulled the cylinder open, and found a curled piece of paper inside. He coaxed it out with his fingers, and spread it flat to read  . . . Who you really are.
He slipped out easily again on his free night, laden with his spoils, and made his way to a taxi stand to travel into town. The only fly in the ointment was the large, dark storm cloud gathering at the horizon.
“It is right that you should go home.” Bianca nodded. “You will be closer to your family. Family is always the most important.”
Finally, as the light bled into true dark, and many of the shops had closed for the day, Sherlock sighed and agreed to knock off the chase. John pointed out a nice-looking restaurant on the street, and they retired for a pint and a plate of something filling.
“God, you’re thanking me?” John shook his head. “That was incredible. I think I hit the wall I came so hard.”
“I wonder if we could go back into town. Find a Primark maybe . . .” John suggested.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply something evasive, but a sudden commotion across the road stopped the words in his throat. A small avalanche of rocks tumbled down the side of the hill to fall to the road beneath. One hit the roof of a transport van and bounced off with a bang.
John snorted and fussed over Sherlock until he was certain he was breathing alright.
“Excellent,” Sherlock breathed, leaning in to kiss John over his buttered scones.
“Thank you,” John said politely, accepting the extra food.
“Uuunnggggh,” Sherlock moaned, shaking under the touch.
“Maybe I don’t want to be sensible.” She turned wild eyes his way. “John, what if I’m letting the best years of my life pass me by? I’m in the labs almost every night.”
“Googy, thanks!” Victoire smiled as she spun the mug around to reach the handle.  “Hey, you know John, and this is his boyfriend, Sherlock.” She jerked her chin his way. “He’s up visiting from Germany.”
“And if I don’t do this thing? Send people into a trap?”
Molly and her husband twirled by at that moment, and she grinned at them, obviously pleased to see them enjoying themselves. She gave a thumbs up before being lost again in the swirl of dancers. As the song crashed to a close, Sherlock led Irene off the dance floor, a hand lightly at her low back
“C’mere, gorgeous.” John crooked a finger.
“Cheer up, mate. It’ll be summer break soon, and you two can shag each other rotten then.” Teddy smirked.
“Then don’t make excuses for her. Sit down and let me take a look at your face.”
“Oh, honey.” John’s mother softened as she reached out to pat his arm. “Do you have a phone?”
“Of course it works on you, darling.” Irene made a moue as she reached out to pat her girlfriend’s arse.
“He generally is,” Sherlock mused. “Sadly, he grew quite fat as an adolescent, before he began watching his weight.”
“Oh, Sherlock . . .” Another voice entered the conversation. Ugh. Donna.
One of the guards frowned at the vehicle. “Are you certain, sir? We have transport vans available if you need . . .”
“Prophets, I hope this isn’t  serious,” John muttered as they threaded their way through the gathered crowd already beginning to disperse, people returning reluctantly to their afternoon duties now that the fun was over.
“Yeah, sure, Mum. I think I fancy Chinese.”
It took several trips to move their luggage down to the edge of the beach, left in the shelter of several large rocks.
After a dessert of cake with berries and cream, John felt near to bursting. The group broke up, moving to their own pursuits. Philippe moved around the long table to meet them, and Sherlock introduced him to John. The man spoke in heavily accented but perfectly sound English.
“Yes.” A wry smile tipped the side of Sherlock’s mouth.  “I disappointed them all by returning to England as soon as my internship was over. I found a position with Madame Maelstrom here in London. She’s . . .”
“Probably around eight. Do you need to be somewhere?”
John grinned at his French accent, his whole face softening as he leaned his chin onto his fist. “She sounds amazing. What else do you remember of her?”  It was impossible to stay upset when John looked at him with those gorgeous indigo eyes, nodding and smiling at him as if he were the sun and the moon, and the stars in between.
"That's more like what I had in mind. Hmm, but what about this cord?" John unties the cord and forms a honda knot. "Another role reversal: I could pretend to be you as a virgin, or...we could pretend that you are a drug lord, and I am a rent boy who will do anything to get a fix."
After the roar of approval had died down, the headmistress spoke a few words, then the guest speeches began.  Someone from the Ministry of Magic got up to speak  . . . next generation . . .  hope of the future . . . always use sun protection . . . double check your wards when summoning spirits  . . .
“Come on, can’t have you losing too much weight,” Teddy warned. “A keeper’s got to have a little bulk on him.”
When the first song wound down, Sherlock leaned in to ask by John’s ear, “Fancy a drink?”
Something in John snapped at that. He had no particular interest in the room one way or the other, but he’d be damned if he’d let some trust-fund knob push him around. He leapt to his feet, puffing out his chest.
“That Bushmills looks good.”
“Good. I’ll meet you in the lobby of St. Mungo’s then. I can help you move your things from the dorms.”
“Just. Go.” John turned his back on the woman to herd Sherlock toward the hall.“You, come with me to the bathroom.”
“Only a few kilometers long,” Sherlock agreed.
“Hobbit, I want you to know that you are free to go. You may carry anything you’d like of the treasure, and return to your shire.”
The Bajoran sector had lost its strangeness as Sherlock and John repeated their clandestine outings as many weekends as they could manage. Sherlock bundled up his disguises in his book bag, asking the driver to take him to the downtown library whenever mother didn’t have cursed social engagements planned for him.
The door slid open behind them, and they moved on to the games room, eager to find the book. John slid the paperback copy off the shelf. It wasn’t the cover he remembered as a child, but it was the same old story. He gave it a cursory shake to see if anything was lodged inside the pages, but nothing shook loose.
“The best,” Sherlock purred. “I really think you two might get on.”
“It was the only way. The only way to get away.” Kerry shuddered.
Finally, a troubled sleep filled with bad dreams rose to claim him, and he woke some hours later feeling more tetchy and out of sorts than actually rested. He used the nearby facilities for a cursory wash and piss, and found his way back to the mess hall. A small crowd had gathered near the pot of soup that seemed to be breakfast that morning. Sherlock circumnavigated it for the replicator, ordering a cup of steaming deka tea to hopefully clear his foggy brain. He was grateful that so many of the Bajorans routinely ignored him as he made a beeline for a quiet corner to enjoy his restoring drink in peace.
“What can I say, he’s a genius.” John tried to smile as he straightened back up with a bottle of shampoo in his hand, but the expression fell somewhat flat.
“Strawberry cider.”  Harry shrugged and reached over to reclaimed it “Don’t drink it if you don’t like it.”
John was just rounding a bend in the path, limping along with the damn cane when he saw the booth selling honey. The jars looked beautiful, almost luminous in the afternoon light. He moved in closer, drawn like a moth to a flame. John liked honey well enough, but Harry was partial to it, and it occurred to him that he might buy her a jar. She’d been a brick taking him in like she had. John lifted a jar wondering how much it cost, probably mad-expensive poncy stuff, when the owner of the shop stood up from behind the counter.  John almost dropped the jar.  The creature appeared from amidst the glowing containers of honey like some otherworldly apparition, like Aphrodite rising from the seafoam. John barely had time to register marble-pale skin, black curls dark as shadows, and electric blue eyes before the man began speaking.
“I’ll go,” Sherlock said.
“Not far. I’ve walked it as much as you can, and it generally only takes me twenty minutes.”
Sherlock leapt to his feet to peer out the small window, tracking the strangers’ progress as they crunched along the garden path. “It appears to be nine, no ten of them, Bajoran, labourers . . . oh yes, and armed . .  . with incendiary devices as well as some disruptors.”
“Oh my god. That was intense.”
“No, Sherlock, no.” John looked embarrassed. “You can’t just go, there’s a storm on.” He flung an arm out to indicate the weather raging around them.
“John. John, come on, mate, wake up.”  A worried voice needled at him, a familiar voice. John could feel shaking, someone shaking him, but it felt odd, and so far away.
“If we should die tonight, we should all die together . . . “ Some lyrics chased their way through John’s mind and he couldn’t help giving them voice. “And I see fire, inside the MOUNtain . . .”
“Oh, yeah, okay.” The girl backed off, uncertain. "See you later, John."
They slowly walked hand in hand back up the stairs.
“She does.”
“John, I thought we were meeting after the game?” Rhys rounded on him.
“I know you weren’t. Still, the watch is yours.”
“So listen up. I’m only going to say this once. Sherlock is not the enemy. He’s helping the Resistance, but more than that, he is my lakayha.” John slipped his arm around Sherlock’s waist, tugging him slightly closer. “If you have a problem with him, you have a problem with me. The Resistance needs everyone to set their differences aside to work together. That’s first day shit. Are you two in or out? If you’re in, I don’t want to hear another word about Sherlock unless it’s about how great he is. Got it?”
“All right, fine. I do need to be a good escort after all.”
“Meni?” Sherlock couldn’t help the stab of hurt at seeing a student from his programming class at the heart of this. The girl looked slightly ashamed, but lifted her chin in defiance.
“Please tell me about the threatening emails you received.”  Sherlock crossed his legs, and attempted to breathe through his mouth.
“We just couldn’t get ourselves coordinated. The angles were all wrong, and she kept stopping to complain that I was missing the mark, so to speak. Then she ended up literally sitting on my face and nearly suffocating me. I gave her bum a shove in self-defence and she lost her balance and accidentally bit me. Neither one of us ended up getting off, and we broke up the next day.”
“Oh, rubbish. I’ll go talk to him, then!” Irene said, pushing her tray back to stand.
“Isn’t this what lovers do?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Experiment to see what pleases them?”
“Alright,” John said warily, taking a chair opposite the man. “Have you seen Sherlock, then?”
“Hey, hold on, I never said that.” John laid a hand to Sherlock’s thigh, squeezing. “I’d be damned proud to be seen with you. I’m sorry, I’ve just . . . spent so much time hiding my time with men, it’s become a bit of a habit.”
“Sherlock!” John pounced as soon as the door swished closed. “God, why didn’t you answer any of my messages? I’ve been worried sick.”
“It was a joke. I got it from a book.” The dragon shrugged, peering closer at the small thing in his mercy. He snaked out his long forked tongue and licked over the creature’s face. He tasted like sweet yeast rolls, something the dragon hadn’t had in years.
Until Sherlock opened his wide in understanding. “Oh, yes, of course,” he said and turned around like he did the first day John took a bath.
“I’m fine,” John snapped, pulling the basket in front of him to act as a barrier. He realized that was the wrong move when the man’s face turned serious. Suddenly, flashbacks of sitting in the back of a car, his hands cuffed as he cried for Sherlock flooded his mind from that one simple look. He needed Sherlock then and he needed him now, there was no denying it if the tremors in his hands were any proof. “I-I’m fine.”
“So that makes it okay?” John asked, sitting up, but regretting it the minute he felt dizziness wash over him.
With a clenched jaw, John walked over to Sherlock, resolute in his determination that he would be strong and get this over with. He wouldn’t cry, he wouldn’t beg, he wouldn’t do anything that would make them think he had cracked.
“Do you want your punishment now, is that it?” Mycroft practically growled. He pressed the button again, bringing John to his knees this time.
“It’s very important that you stay calm in this place,” he told him, a serious look on his face.
“He’s fine, Mycroft, don’t get your knickers in a bunch. I’ll talk to Greg, I already know where their little hideout is, quite obvious if you weren’t so-“
Sherlock ginned at this, knowing it would be better to be the only one to find this unknown kidnapper. The Government or petty legal issues would be of no concern and Sherlock could take his time cutting off every part of this person. “Sherlock? Sherlock, are you still there?” Mycroft asked.
“John,” Mycroft said, his voice calm, “what my brother is trying to say is that your idea is too idealistic and would only anger Doms and cause riots by the Subs. Our world is just not ready for something like that. Maybe in a couple hundred years, but not now.”
“Your prostate John, don’t they teach you anything in health class these days?” the older man tugged lightly on the tight bullocks between the boy’s legs but avoided the now hard cock.
He put on gloves, making sure to barley touch the sheet of paper as to not provide incriminating fingerprints. However, Sherlock doubted the police would suspect anything but suicide once he set the puzzle pieces into place for their little minds to find. He examined the forms one by one, in awe of how John’s personality was evident in the way his letters stood up straight, no slant left or right.
A few tears escaped John’s eyes and traveled down his cheek, only to pool at his chin. “I don’t understand why I’m even here. What do you people even do?” John asked, actually stamping his foot in anger. The anger and sadness he felt towards himself was now being projected to the nearest target, which was Irene.
“It will be alright, John. I need you to see what happens to Subs with RDD, who do not have a collar.” Sherlock held the lead tight, not giving John a centimeter as the boy tried to get back in the car.
“Only an idiot tries to keep a vampire.”
“A little,” he said in a sleepy voice, adding a yawn as his hand that had continued clutching Sherlock’s robe started to loosen.
The chapters are getting much darker. Especially when it is Sherlock's POV because I am making him what I think is called an 'unreliable narrator,' like in "A Tell Tale Heart." He is insane and these chapters are based on what he thinks and feels...if that makes any sense at all(:
Finally, a hand on the back of his head stopped the pain completely, sending a rush of pleasure through his neck and back. “Easy now, John,” it was the younger man’s voice, John though but couldn’t quite tell with his face still pressed to the ground with drool leaking from his lips.
“Blood. Heat,” John told him, rubbing his eyes as they shifted back. It felt so much better when he was able to push down his vampire, his beast that always lurked in the shadows. When he brought it out like that, it felt as if his defenses waned a little bit every time.
“What’s wrong, kid?” David asked, lifting John’s hood up so it sat on top of the younger Sub’s head.
Sherlock almost agreed. He was so close to believing John had realized what threats lay out in the world if he didn’t stay at Baker Street. However, this was just too important to leave any loose ends open, so the Detective made his move. “Hmm,” he scratched his chin, moving to step around John, “I’m not so sure. Children observe many things adults dismiss as superfluous. Young Archie could have seen something that will lead us to the person who murdered his parents.”
He wanted to, God did he ever, but he wouldn’t, couldn’t let them have his willing submission that easily. They would have to fight him every single step of the way until Jim and Harry came back or he was able to find Molly and run. “Fuck you,” he growled again, his pride nowhere near soothing the ache in his body like the bliss Sherlock had forced upon him in the bathroom.
Sherlock felt safe there. If he couldn’t have blood right now, at least he could stand there and inhale the sweet pear scent of John. For what seemed like hours, Sherlock stared hungrily at Mycroft while he held on to John, until finally, a knock at the door broke the silence.
“No, no that’s actually a good idea,” John scooted closer to the fire, looking from Jim to Mike, then to Harry. “If we set a fire across the street or better yet, next door to their house, it will force them to go help so the fire doesn’t spread.”
“Alright, you go make us some tea and I will see if he is on the chat room,” he gave two pats to John’s rump and then pushed them both up. Sherlock rubbed his hands over his face as he watched the boy run out of the room. “This ends tonight,” he whispered to himself and to whatever monsters could hear him. “Just please forgive me for what I have to do, John.”
John’s smile widened with Sherlock placed the little Sub onto the bed. She rearranged herself to rest her head on the older boy’s chest with her toes hanging over the edge and her large eyes staring up at John. “Hello,” John laughed.
“Yeah?” John spat, trying to sit up, but winced at the pain. “Look at what good that did me? I died for thirty seconds because I trusted you! No, no,” John closed his eyes, swallowing before he spoke again, “I should have known better. You lot just can’t help yourselves, can you?” It was true, John knew, that every time he let go even a little bit, there would always be someone to grab it and yank it out from under him.
“But how is that possible? Subs can’t be free.” John knitted his brow, confused and getting slightly frustrated at his own ignorance.
Yeah, really. Holy shite!”
John is taken to IBAD. Sherlock's motives are still confusing. Mycroft is still a bastard.
“Sherlock!” John yelled over the flames, which were considerably more abundant on the second floor. “Sherlock, please!” Going from the bathroom, to Mycroft’s room, and finally to the Sherlock’s room, which was engulfed in flames. That’s when he saw pale skin sticking out from behind the bed. “I’m coming!”
“You didn’t poison the food did you?” John asked, half joking, half serious.
John whined deep in his throat and gripped Sherlock’s arm for dear life. Now that they were in the depths of Hell, John wouldn’t let go of his Dom for anything.
John’s sweet induced bliss was interrupted by a door hitting him in the side. “John? Molly? What are you doing on the floor?” Greg asked, poking his head around the edge.
“Yep,” John said, a smile on his face.
“That’s very generous of you, Mr. Holmes,” the lady nodded and smiled, “can I help you with something today, or are you just here for rounds?”
“T-Thank you,” John said without meaning to.
Both Doms chuckled, while Mycroft helped push John up into a sitting position. Sherlock frantically ran his hand through the boy’s blonde matted down hair. Whether from the movement of the car or from coming up from the greatest drop he’d ever had, John’s stomach began to turn. “I’m gonna…I think I’m gonna-” John said, and luckily both men knew what was about to happen.
“John, I think he’s in trouble.”
“I always do.” Sherlock said putting his gear down on the table and hanging his coat up. It was late and he was tired, the last thing Sherlock wanted to do was listen to his arch nemesis spew more dull facts about vampires. He did his job and he did it well, end of discussion. Sherlock flopped down in his chair, his long limbs hanging over the edges.
His feet began moving towards the Dom and before John knew it, his knees were on the ground and he saw Mycroft give his brother a smug look. A wide grin came across John’s face as he forces down the wonderful tingles in his spine. Before Mycroft could even react, John lunged forward, head-butting the man right in the crotch. A loud shout in pain made the hand on his head forcing his face to the ground worth it. “You little-“ Mycroft said, pushing John’s face roughly into the carpet.
“No, you listen to me Mr. Holden, my brother’s incarceration nor my relationship to him has any correlation to my ability to do my job. Now if you will excuse me, I have some work to do keeping Britain safe. Good day, sir,” Mycroft slammed the phone down, pinching the bridge of his nose tightly as if he could stop the blood flow to his brain and end the torment. It was the thirteenth phone call he’d received after Sherlock’s ten year sentence had become public knowledge. Most, if not all, were appalled at the tarnished reputation of the ‘Holmes’ name.
He groaned quietly as the nurse placed an oxygen mask over his face. “John…John,” he breathed, his voice muffled by the plastic. He needed John, why, well that he didn’t know, but he needed him more than life itself. The marrow in his bones, the pores in his skin ached for John’s touch.
“They know your name Sherlock, John told one of his friends, a Mike Stamford, that he met a ‘Uni boy’ in London named Sherlock that he was going to go visit.”
John nodded his head and looked up through his eye lashes to smile at his lover. “Can we play the chase game again?” John asked, burying his head into Sherlock’s armpit, smelling the spiciness of his soap.
“Why don’t you want the ear drops?”
Mycroft sighed, “Sherlock, I know this must be hard for you, I can only imagine-“
“Promise me that you won’t come looking for me, Harry. I want you to stay in London, move around to warehouses if you need to but stay here and I will figure a way to get back to you, just promise me you’ll stay away and stay safe. Please.”
“I don’t,” John rubbed his eye, “I don’t know what you’re talking about Sherlock. I just got something in my eye, that’s all.”
John's POV directly after chapter two. Sherlock finally takes John out of the flat.
Hey everyone!
Hello! Thank you again for all the lovely and thoughtful comments I've received. It's crazy to think I almost stopped after the first chapter but now I'm swimming in kudos and comments. LOL.
“Please, please,” John said, breathing hard, “I’ll be good. I promise. Just stop.”
“So…you didn’t like it?” Sherlock asked. At first, John thought it was for his data, but there was something in the Dom’s voice that told him the question was different.
“We’ll follow the line. Come along, John,” Sherlock said, tugging on the lead as he walked towards a hallway with a white line on the floor.
I have raised the rating of this story to Mature because of the non-consensual nature and I'm sure it is only going to get worse...or better, depending if you're a creeper like me. LoL! Be prepared that I might end up making it explicit but I'm not quite sure yet.
John bit down hard on his lower lip, and then sat down hard, making his bum scream out in pain. He slammed the food down on the table and didn’t take his focus off the food, for he couldn’t bring himself to look at the man who defeated him so easily.
“Not yet, wait, yes, I know this name? There, wait for him to make first contact,” Sherlock said, placing his fingers under his chin and waiting for the fish to bite.
Through all of this, Sherlock was sitting, frothing at the mouth, at a vacation home Anthea rented in the States.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is this collar going to kill me?” Before Sherlock could answer, John drifted off to sleep.
John gave him a sympathetic smile, squeezing the detective’s hand to make sure Sherlock knew it was only a ruse.
“You should really take them out and wash them.”
There was a long pause, bringing the first shadow of doubt into the detectives mind. However, if the boy did say no, it just meant the hunt would continue and increase the anticipation of having John.
“It is the most amazing and beautiful thing you can do with somebody you care about John. You are too young to understand and never having done it, but my God it feels so wonderful.” Over their many days of communication, Sherlock had come to learn all the different strings his John had and what every single one did when he pulled it. The youth string was by far the easiest and his favorite reaction.
I hope you enjoy!
Sherlock was breathing heavily, his face pale, but John could tell the man’s mind was moving a mile a minute. “Do it again,” Sherlock said, “I need to document the effects now that I won’t be taken by surprise.
John savored that one small drop of blood in his mouth, then, calling up his years of experience, he licked Sherlock’s cut. The wound disappeared within seconds, as did the primal urge to latch onto Sherlock’s neck. His eyes turned blue again and his reined in his fangs. “Get me blood from the butchers.”
“Okay, well if you’d like to, just let me know, yeah. You don’t have to hide things from me John, I’ll never be mad at you when you ask for something, understand?” John could only nod his head sheepishly, as Sherlock’s kindness and understanding made him feel even more immature. “Good, now would you like me to show you your present? Well, actually it’s a present for both of us but I think you’ll like it too.”
When he arrived to the end of the table, he sat there, waiting for more instructions. A large hand came around his neck, pulling him in closer until the side of John’s head was pressed up against the warmth of the older man’s thigh. “Good boy,” he heard Mycroft’s voice above him, accompanied by a hand running through his hair.
“I don’t mind driving you. Where would you like to go?”
I hope you enjoy the update!
“Yes, yes he would. But you, John, you did something I had not expected, or planned for. You took a bullet for Sherlock, and as thanks, I would like to offer you a proposition.”
John turned his head, feeling the cold water splash against his already frozen neck. He saw Sherlock and Greg leaning over the edge with their hands close to the water, motioning for John to swim closer. “Come on, lad, swim to us,” Greg said, blasting his bliss a million kilometers an hour towards John. Whether the cold or the amounts of adrenaline running through his veins, John didn’t feel anything compelling him to follow the order. “You can do it, John,” the older Dom praised as John forced his legs to paddle them closer.
John saw a wolfish smile at one side of the mirror while the lower half displayed the giant initials ‘SH’ burned into his left shoulder. “So you don’t ever forget,” Sherlock whispered above him, a slight threat heard in the timbre of his voice. “This is mine,” he placed his nose on John’s blonde hair, “this is mine,” Sherlock wormed his hand under John’s hip, grabbing ahold of his limp cock, “and this is mine,” he finished, placing a kiss to the boy’s back where his heart was. “And I’m yours, John,” Sherlock said into his nape, making a shiver run down John’s spine.
“Yeah, alright, I promise,” Greg said, trailing behind Sherlock as they made their way to the second floor.
“Oh, uhhh…hey?” A long silence held for a few moments and then they both started laughing at the awkward situation.
“Without purchasing them, yes, that’s already taken care of; as I said, you are my first Sub, John. To be frank, I see no use in owning a Sub, especially one who tries to resist orders,” Mycroft tilted his head forward, fixing John with a chastising look appropriate for a five year old who stole a cookie from the jar. “However, as you can see, my brother has decided to use you as a means to revive a childish feud in proving my theories on Subs wrong.”
They walked up to the front door, Sherlock placing his hand just under John’s collar again, the weight almost familiar now. “Something is wrong,” Sherlock said suddenly.
“I’ll be quick,” was all John heard before arms wrapped around his stomach and pulled him a few inches off the ground. He could feel Sherlock’s hardness pressing into his lower spine as he was carried quickly into the shower. “Mine,” Sherlock growled and bit the same spot he had last night.
She brushed the knots out of her hair and washed her hands thoroughly before heading back downstairs. Greg had already set the table and was adding cheese to the instant meal. “Alright, let’s eat,” he said, giving her a hearty helping and a kiss on the top of the head.
“That’s all I need,” Sherlock said, releasing John’s finger. The vampire licked the pad, tasting his own bland blood.
“Just look at me!” John said, hobbling towards the tub and stepping in with his good foot. “I’m completely naked with my Dom lowering me into a bathtub like I’m some kind of doll. Not to mention,” John said as he sat down and lifted his leg onto a towel Sherlock had left on the lip of the tub, “my bits are hanging out everywhere with my leg hiked up like this. So yeah, Sherlock, this sucks.”
“If you refuse to help the FBI with their cold cases like Mycroft instructed, at least go sit out on the terrace, Sherlock,” Anthea called from the small room she’d turned into an office. “His plane just landed and he will be very unhappy if he purchased this vacation home in Florida and you still give a ghost a run for its money,” she said, never looking up from her laptop.
“Holy shi-ite!” His young voice cracked when he felt something, most likely a finger, press the piece of flesh just under his bullocks and start to rub. Using the last bit of blood left in his brain, John was able to coordinate his limbs to throw back the blanket and take in the image of a beautiful man staring up at him while taking his hard cock deep into his mouth. The physicality of it was beyond bliss but the emotions that ran through John’s young lust clouded mind where even better. Even though Sherlock had physically hurt him last night,
“I trust you,” came the small voice and John wanted to bang his head on the wall for not being able to control something as simple as his voice. He was brought out of his self-depreciation by a sharp thrust from above, shooting pleasure all the way from his cock to the tip of his head.
The large man put a gentle hand on John’s shoulder, turning him to walk towards the black car. “Please,” he begged one more time, unsure of what to do. Even though it was impossible for John to do anything anyways, deep down Sherlock knew he didn’t want to question, didn’t want to fight. No, all his sweet boy wanted to do was lay in Sherlock’s warm lap, and thankfully, that’s all Sherlock wanted too.
“Go ahead,” Sherlock said offering his throat. He knew John wouldn’t do it, but that didn’t stop his heart from racing faster than a rabbits. “Can you hear my heart?” he asked, pressing his hand over John’s motionless one. “Drink. Make your heart beat.” Sherlock steeled himself, ready to experience his first vampire bite.
Thanks to TPurr! She edited this for me extra quick this week, so double thank you, madam!
Greg looked up at Mycroft, who shook his head once. John mumbled what Mycroft could go do to himself under his breath and was eternally grateful that the Dom still had his arm in a sling. It would take forever for Mycroft to reach into his pocket and pull out the collar remote, and to top it off, he would have to shock John in front of Molly. So, in all his teenage wisdom, John thought he was safe to tell Mycroft to go fuck himself.
“Cool! Really, I mean you don’t have to if you don’t want to,” John’s voice was nervous but the detective could hear the underlying excitement at seeing a grown man’s penis.
John could almost hear the condescending tone emphasized on the word ‘Doctor,’ but let it roll off his back because Mycroft was the only one he knew that could get him what he needed and fast.
“Mmhmm,” was all John could get out, his voice catching when Sherlock started thrusting harder between the two mounds of delicious flesh. It was enough, not always, but most of the time rubbing off on John would sate him for a while.
“John?” he asked but heard a click as Anthea walked in. “John?” he snapped once more, panic starting to set in. “Anthea, send the CCTV feed to my phone and let Travis know I’m coming down and to get the car ready.”
When the finger started to pull out, however, that was when a burning sensation spread through the inside of the canal. “Ah, ah,” and then it was shoved back in, then out a few times until there wasn’t much pain at all.
“No, please,” John cried.
“Mr. Holmes, why didn’t you just put the defective one down and get a better one?”
“So, John has the first generation collar, where it shocks him. But this new one can only provide bliss?” someone asked.
“Yeah, I-I can. You feel-“
“Son,” Mycroft spoke, moving his arm to slowly push John behind him, “lower the gun.” It was amazing how much bliss was rolling off Mycroft. John was almost to the point of lying down and basking in it, when Jim continued to yell.
“I need you to calm down, John, can you do that for me? Come on breathe with me, nice and slow.” Sherlock put one hand on John’s chest and the other on his back to feel the rapid rise and fall of the hyperventilating boy’s chest. “It’s okay. Breathe in and out, just like that, nice and slow. Good boy,” Sherlock praised when John’s breaths started to come easier and slower.
With a hand at his back, Sherlock ushered John up to the second floor. Something started burning in John’s eye when they arrived in Sherlock’s room.
“No, I’m okay. They hurt the Doms who were watching me pretty bad, though.”
― Dale Wasserman, Man of La Mancha
I hope you enjoy!
“Get up, you fucking vampire!”
“Huh?” he said, devoting half his attention to Mycroft while the other stayed on how he was going to get John back and what he was going to do to the people who stole him.
“John,” Greg said, peeking his head through the door and walking in to stand at the end of John’s bed.
“Also, double check all of the text messages, I believe John told one Mike Stamford about Sherlock, we need to nip that in the bud fast and keep an eye on both his mother’s and Mike’s phone records, as well.”
John scrunched up his nose and pulled his lips tight, knowing that the woman was right. He had no idea what was truth and what was lie all because of Sherlock. After a moment’s thought, he decided to listen for Molly sake, because now he was even questioning what kind of person Greg Lestrade really was. “No…no, I’m not okay, but what makes you think I’m going to trust you. Hell, I can’t even tell if you’re a Sub or a Dom.”
Please enjoy!
“You are mine and I am yours, John. Forever! You promised.” Sherlock snapped. Thinking fast and adrenaline starting to pump through his veins at the sudden rise in danger level, John lifted up his hips, made a fist and jammed it as hard as he could into the man’s crotch. Sherlock yelled and released his hold on John’s torso, letting the boy scramble off the bed. He only stumbled once before he got out of the room, but that was enough for Sherlock to catch up. When he made it out of the room, a large hand grabbed ahold of his bony shoulder, effectively throwing off his balance. Suddenly, John felt himself falling, but the strange thing was that there seemed to be multiple floors, which kept coming up to meet him, bruising every inch of his body.
Chapter 9 – Shake It Out
Sherlock only shushed him again, using his position and greater strength to hold John to him with only an arm and two legs, allowing his other hand the freedom to focus on the small patch of skin just above the hip bone.
“Better yet, don’t punish John from being with the one he loves for petty revenge,” Sherlock added. After all, having an innocent boy on your side was always a trump card, so why not use it.
“John!” the deep voice could be heard coming from inside the flat, but John knew he could hear it from miles away if he needed to.
“Must you insist on fighting us every step of the way?” Sherlock finally asked, while John, with shaky hands, started to lather up his body.
The scariest though, was when he had to ‘give his statement’ as Greg had put it. There were five men in the room who all said they were there to help him but they all seemed cold. It was sitting in that chair that John realized Sherlock was trying to save him from being in trouble for shooting Moriarty. At that moment, he formed a plan, albeit not as good as Sherlock could come up with, but it would have to do for now.
“Well I’ll be damned,” John stoked his chin, wishing he could grow a goatee and pondering what all this meant. If the press found out two Doms, especially two male Doms, were fooling around it would be a field day. Not to mention Greg works for Mycroft.
“Yeah,” John agreed, realizing how much he didn’t miss talking to other people. Truth be told though, he never really liked it before he met Sherlock either. When he was with Sherlock, he never had to say a word; the man just knew exactly what was going on in his mind.
The first thing John noticed was a loud beeping. His head hurt, but not as much as the back of his neck and all the way down his spine. Taking inventory as his consciousness slowly started to rise, John was thankful he could still feel his toes and fingers. He remembered how numb his neck had felt lying against the wall in the exam room, and naturally his worst fear was that he was paralyzed by having the collar ripped out. Everything seemed okay though, and even his head ache was dying down a bit.
In all of Sherlock’s 35 years, he had never been so excited. John Watson, a two hundred something old vampire, was sleeping on his bed. It had taken no time at all to get the unconscious vampire into a waiting car, throw in a few of John’s clothes, and carry him up to 221B Baker Street. Now, oh yes, now, John was chained by the diamond steel restraints the council had given him, which were impossible to break, even with vampire strength.
There were too many scenarios and John’s brain had already lost track of what was most likely to happen. Plus, he had no idea what he would do even if he did know what was waiting for them at the Sub center. In the end, he decided to enjoy the peace the drive offered and close his eyes, letting his head fall to the side to rest on something that was warm and smelled faintly of cinnamon and coconuts.
Sherlock smiled at the boy, looking at the white gauze on his shoulder blade. An actual shiver ran down the man’s spine at just the thought of how his initials would heal and become permanent, John’s body never rejecting him ever again. Then, the look on John’s face every time he felt the bumps of an ‘SH’ on his back or saw the one near his pelvic bone that Sherlock would give him later, drove the man to almost come untouched. It was magnificent and the only thing that would make it better was if John removed all thoughts of escape from his head, be it death or something worse. Hopefully, if Sherlock, with the help of Mycroft of course, could prove to John enough times that the boy was better off with him and escaping was pointless, then he would accept his love for the older man above all else. His John was a bull headed little thing but perhaps that’s why he was so perfect.
“As we speak,” Greg told him. The grey haired Dom opened up the car door for everyone to pile in. John took his customary seat between Sherlock and Mycroft. He scooted and grunted until Sherlock had to push him into the correct spot. Greg got in after Sherlock, sitting opposite the three. Looking John over, Greg tilted his head, looking at Mycroft for answers.
He inhaled deeply, pinpointing the soap he had smelled in the shower and dirt from holding the longboard. The look in John’s eyes told him his excuse was accepted and it was time to lighten the mood. “What kind of longboard is that? Landyachtz?”
“Yes!” he shouted at the top of his lungs, pushing himself deep inside aiming for John’s heart as he came over and over again, both giving the boy what he needed and taking from him what would sate his mind. The high he had received from this one simple act made his mind feel like it didn’t even exist, as if the raging wars amongst his lobes had never even happened. He was hooked on the perfect drug that was wrapped in his arms. “I’m inside you now, forever, John. I love you.”
Greg’s eyes widened. “What? Wait, no!” he shouted, his body automatically dropping into a defensive posture. He could take down three, maybe four of the other Hunters, but eventually Greg would fall and all four of them would be taken. That fact still didn’t stop him from backing down when Lynn, a second year hunter with the London branch of the League, came at him with a spool of ghost twine.
“Right,” Sherlock turned around and gave an appraising look. He smiled before placing a hand in the middle of John’s back and leading him out of the room. When they made it to the living room, which had been miraculously put back together, John saw Greg and Mycroft standing just outside of the study.
John closed his eyes tight, trying desperately to muster up enough courage to free Molly from the clutches of..of, whoever this bastard was.
The boy shook his head, trying to go in for a kiss but was held back by the hands on his shoulders. Soft lips rose up to touch his ear and whispered, “I want you inside me.”
“I know it does love, I know. But guess what? I know just how to make the pain go away, don’t I?” He asked, smiling as he felt John growing thicker and heavier in his hand. “Don’t I?” John closed his eyes again, unconsciously bucking forward into Sherlock’s hand and then back into the man’s own stiff member. “Don’t you like it when I make you feel good, John?” Sherlock said, knowing he was in the perfect mindset to be asked that kind of question. When the Detective had asked him the same question while John was doing his homework online, all Sherlock received was silence and a look of resentment. Now though, John’s breath was picking up and the eighty percent of the boy’s mind that Sherlock possessed was coming out to play.
“Great, I’ll be right back with some painkillers for your arm, too.” Sherlock slowly scooted out from under the boy, making sure to shove a pillow under his head to replace his body. John was shocked and a little upset at how much colder the pillow was, now that he didn’t have Sherlock under him. John felt coldness creep into every pour in his body, making him shiver. “Shhh, I’ll be right back,” Sherlock brushed his hand over the teenager’s forehead, which was now bright red with blush when he realized he’d let out a pathetic whine after he was left alone on the bed.
.oOo.
A burst of warm air hit them as they entered the building. A woman at the front desk nodded to Mycroft, then picked up the phone. “Mr. Holmes is here for his meeting with Jim Moriarty. Okay, I’ll send them right in.” She hung up the phone, glancing momentarily at John, then back to Mycroft. “He’s ready for you, Sir.”
“And if you feel like crying, then cry and I shall kiss the tears away,” Sherlock whispered, doing exactly what he said he would do and pressing his lips to John’s cheek.
“Please,” John said, still hunched over with his hands on his knees, “I’m sorry. I won’t do anything like that again, I promise.”
“Let’s just see how you react when he first gets here, and then we can determine how far we’re going to take your first meeting with a human. Now,” John gave a cheeky grin, “you were an awfully good boy just now.”
Please enjoy(:
“You-you wouldn’t? Where is she? I swear if you touch one hair on her head, I’ll-“
Thank you again for all the amazing comments and kudos. I really appreciate the feedback(:
“I’m uhhh, well I’m 5’5 is that what you mean?”
“No, stay on your stomach, John.” Sherlock bent down to hover above John’s back, his knees digging into the boy’s hips and his obscenely hard cock pressed against the blonde’s ass. “You’re hurt, I need to fix you.” John couldn’t help but smile at the word choice, understanding why ignorance was bliss. Those simple words of ‘I need to fix you,’ warmed the fourteen year old John’s heart to the brim at the thought of every trouble disappearing because of Sherlock’s touch.
IMPORTANT VOTE: Okay, so I have two endings that I can't choose from. One is extremely dark, like, "holy shit what's wrong with that girl," dark. The other ending I was thinking about is much lighter. It does have a bit of darkness to it, but it is no where near the latter. I'd like to know what you guys would like in the comments. Be warned, the darker ending will be very sad and quite depressing, but if that's what y'all are looking for, then I'm more than happy to write it. Anyways, happy voting :)
“Oh crap, Sherlock, what time is it?” John asked straining in a vice like hold to grab his mobile. He swiped the screen to see that it was 8:37am; twenty three minutes until his proctored exam. “Sherlock, let go of me. I need to get ready or I’m going to be late.” John growled at the man next to him as Sherlock continued to stoke the bandage on his back.
“Really,” John looked back at him, quirking his eyebrow. “I was under the impression that food gave you energy.”
“Shut up!” he yelled down at himself as they struggled on the floor but to his horror, his clone yelled the same thing back, laughing at him. He was the monster and the monster was him, but how, yes how, do you protect the most precious thing you have from yourself? How do you stop yourself from dragging them down into the void, where you can keep them as a fine porcelain artifact forever? The half Jim, half Sherlock, half black mass began to roll towards him in waves, merging them into the sickness that had waited just on the cusp, waited for someone like John to consume whole.
With one last rinse of his body, John jumped out of the shower, dried off, and got dressed in record time. He was out of the flat with a piece of toast in his mouth and thirteen minutes to make it to his class. “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” he cursed, but was thankful when a black car pulled up in front of 221B. “Bless you Mycroft,” John whispered and got into the car.
John's POV. The aftermath of Sherlock's feeding.
“No, why did you run into a burning building and drag me out? Not how.”
As his brilliant John had done so many times when texting him, Sherlock used the power of sarcasm and humor to lower the seriousness of the current subject. Except when the detective used the tactic, the teen was unaware of the manipulation and always…always fell right into the dance Sherlock had choreographed for them.
“For now, yes, my brother has stayed out of trouble and off cocaine since he met the boy, which is the longest he’s been clean in years. Perhaps this John Watson…or what is it now?”
“I think in Sherlock’s lap would be best. I think we are going to need to keep John close to you, Sherlock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John tries to fight his feelings. Sherlock and Mycroft have something to say about John's bliss.
John jerked at the strange silicone intrusion, craning his neck back to look at what Sherlock had done. The detective just smiled back at him, planting several light kisses over the sweaty face and neck, assuring the boy everything was okay. “So that you’ll always have me inside of you, with you; even when I’m not holding you, you will still be able to feel me. Can you feel my come inside you, John?” He asked, nosing the exhausted boy’s cheek, making it sound like a great honor to be plugged with his lovers come,
“John look at me,” he pulled him back so he could look into those sad broken eyes, “everything that has happened, even Moriarty’s death is not your fault. It is mine and Sherlock’s but not yours, do you understand me?” John looked down, showing that no, he didn’t believe anything Mycroft had just told him. “Okay, why do you think it’s your fault?” he asked as they continued to drive.
“Can you tell me now, why am I here?” John asked, feeling amazingly clear headed and ready for action. It seemed as if the bliss he created himself amped up his adrenaline and sharpened his senses almost.
“It’s just until we get to the room, John. We can’t have a Sub wondering around in a Sub rehabilitation center. Please,” Sherlock offered, holding out the lead to John’s neck.
“If Molly dies, it’s on your head then,” Jim mumbled under his breath but stood up and shoved his lock picks into his pocket. He wanted to punch the boy in the face, God did he want to, but in the end it wouldn’t do them any good, especially not Molly.
Sherlock's POV. Sherlock's a new vampire. John, Mycroft, and Greg have to find out how to contain the situation.
John had tried to kill himself twice after that night at Mycroft’s house. It didn’t turn out well, in fact, John was pretty certain he had screwed himself over even more by his stupidity.
Sherlock didn’t respond though, but John knew he wasn’t asleep by his breathing patterns.
“I have a much better chance of escaping than Molly, so if they stop me from leaving the house I want you to promise you won’t come back.”
“How are you? You don’t look so good, mate,” Greg said, taking a step around his own trolley and towards John.
A hand mirror appeared by John’s face, which was still turned to have his right cheek pressed into the pillow. He peered into the mirror, seeing Sherlock’s silver eyes peering back at him and another hand mirror showing him his back.
“Yep, I’m a vampire. Now, could you please convince this git to let me go?” John said, sitting up in the bed. His face looked more pale than normal, but he seemed to still have some spunk left in him.
