“Your anger keeps you fighting and we should keep fighting until people like mother and father see women as equals.”
“Then I suggest we get the remainder of our clothes off, promptly.” Castiel kissed Dean again, then bucked his hips up a bit. Dean groaned as he felt the hard length of Castiel’s shaft through the layers of their trousers.
“Not that I know a whole lot about ships, but it makes sense that they would be different. I guess submarines are the next most unique?”
“I wish her the very best of luck!” Jo said, and sounded quite honest about it. “If she ever does, tell Dean to tell me.”
Sam let go and Dean went back to the kitchen, where his mother had a small plate of food set out. Rubbing his hands together, Dean took a seat in front of the plate.
“Yeah... He knows, you know, about me and he figured out that I fudged how long I was on leave for... He’s a smart kid, so it didn’t take him long to figure it out.”
“So you joined the Navy to follow in your father’s footsteps?” John asked, changing the subject back to the armed forces.
Cas found Balthazar in the wardroom when he got there, Gabe and Inias showed up a little later. The room was large and had a few tables with comfortable chairs set around them, where the officers could have meetings or meals. There were also newspaper and magazine stands with more chairs located beside them. The wardroom was both a lounge and a place for meals and restricted to officers only.
Just then, Mary joined them, “I thought I heard you two come in! Supper’s nearly ready.” She gave Sam and Jess each a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
“Look here,” He said and just before the third flash, Castiel looked at Dean, both of them were smiling.
Castiel eyed him, but wore a sideways smirk of amusement at the same time. “I certainly enjoyed myself, though I wouldn’t attribute that entirely to the film.”
Dean’s hips moved next, pushing into Castiel’s backside and making him groan quietly. Kisses followed, placed along the base of his hairline, down to his shoulder. Castiel let his shoulders sag and licked his lips, parting them. Dean’s hand slid down along Cas’s chest, fingers teasing along his stomach and side. Though Dean was naked, Castiel still had on his boxers and for the moment, Dean kept his hands above the waistband. Castiel slid his hand along the back of Dean’s, trying to move it lower, but Dean wouldn’t, moving his hand up to his shoulder instead.
As Cas laughed, Dean began taking off his shirt, exposing the skin below. He shrugged out of his shirtsleeves and pulled off the undershirt beneath it. Dean ran a hand slowly down over his chest, studying Cas as if he was a piece of art.
“If you get sent out to sea, you know, on assignment.” Dean looked down at his plate, focusing on cutting some meat rather than looking at Cas’s reaction.
At that time, Ash stopped reading and leaned down over the side of his bed to look at them, “What are you two bozos yammering about?”
“Jess has proven herself to be a good general. She is taking care of everything, giving orders and getting things done. Sam is nervous but he’s trying to keep it hidden. They’re both happy, though. Real happy.”
Inspections would be made and they would have to find the problem and plan a solution, preferably before they saw any action. It shouldn’t be too much of an issue on neutrality patrol, but this was the exact reason for flight tests. Once Cas was out of his plane and on the deck, he watched as Gabe’s plane taxied over to his. They stopped on one of the deck’s large elevators, which lowered them and their planes down into the hangar, one level below. Once the planes were off the elevator, they began looking into the problem. A few ammunitions experts, along with pilots and engineers were called in to help. They inspected Cas and Gabe’s planes, along with any others that came in reporting jammed guns.
Dean smiled, it had been a while since they sent each other songs, since Cas couldn’t very well go down to the record store while he was on the ship. “I think I know that one, they played it on the radio a lot when it came out.”
“It’s fine, Mom.” Dean said around a mouthful of food. He swallowed it down then looked back to John. “It’s good, learning a lot. They’re training us on all different guns, pistols, rifles, couple submachine guns. We got Tommy guns.” Sam and Dean exchanged a grin at that.
“You know any good places? Maybe a jazz club? I’ve still got another day here,” Dean gestured vaguely. Novak looked thoughtful, apparently contemplating the idea. “Just a suggestion would be fine.”
“Yes,” Castiel agreed. Though he also liked the music, he took greater joy in watching Dean listen to it. There was something about the younger man that held Castiel captivated. It wasn’t just his fine features, the color of his eyes or the build of his body. It was the way he smiled, the way his eyes lit up, the way he moved. Dean was handsome, that was a fact, but what made him stand out -- what made him attractive -- was his personality. A song was just notes and words on a page until the musician gave it life and emotion gave it meaning. Dean was like music and Castiel could listen all day.
“You know we could stay in bed all day,” Dean said, breaking Castiel from his thoughts. He chuckled and kissed Dean’s chest.
“Since you’re the only way I can contact him, knucklehead. Come on, keep up, Winchester.” Jo threw a balled napkin at him, but he batted it away quite easily.
“Merry Christmas! Winchester residence.” He wore a beaming smile as he spoke into the phone, spirits high.
“Yeah, I think you wondered if I meant I was an ass because of something to do with Tessa, right? That girl I danced with on my birthday?” Dean smirked. “Were you a little jealous?”
“Not really.” The man shook his head. “They don’t bother fully loading the cases with ammo during tests, just what they need for the tests. That way they don’t waste ammo.”
“I know.” Castiel toyed with Dean’s collar, straightening it though he had no need to. “We can continue to write letters. Keep in touch, so we can meet again.”
“What isn’t fair, Dean?” Castiel’s rough voice had a way of making anything he said sound sexy that, along with everything else, was not making anything easier on Dean.
Dean’s eyes flashed open and he grinned broadly before stealing command of the kiss, pressing Cas into the bed. “I believe you already did that.”
Cas blinked, a bit taken aback by this sudden seriousness from Dean. He could hear honest concern in that request and began wondering just how often Dean worried about his safety. He reached out and set a hand on Dean’s shoulder, stopping him on their walk for a moment. “I will, Dean. I’m always careful. And besides, I see very little action.”
Cas had to stifle a laugh at Jo referring to Dean as ‘Dean-o’. Luckily, he and Anna often played the game of trying to make one another laugh at inappropriate times and he was quite good at holding such things in. “That’s a crying shame.”
“Just remember to tell him to be careful. Don’t want any surprise tricycles.” Ash said as he laid back on his bed and Benny started chuckling.
Jess brought her hands to her lips and tears welled in her eyes, but she was smiling as bright as Dean had ever seen. She nodded before she managed to speak and held out one trembling hand to Sam.
“In any case, I told Dean a few stories about my sister, Anna, and he said she reminded him of you. I certainly see a resemblance.”
Dean groaned, eyes falling shut. He’d be lying if he said that didn’t feel damn good. At this point, he had gone so long without sex that he didn’t care which way it went, as long as it felt good. So he nodded, “Yeah, okay...”
“Well, you can always write to me from the train.” For a brief moment, Dean reached out and took Cas’s hand, giving it a little squeeze, before letting go, just in case someone spotted them. Cas barely had time to squeeze Dean’s hand back before he lost contact. The gesture was understood, all the same.
Sighing heavily, Dean consented. After one more quick kiss to Cas’s lips, he brushed out the shorter man’s jacket and fastened the top two buttons. “Alright, let’s hit the town.”
Cas glanced between Mary and John, unsure of how to proceed. He shifted in his seat and cleared his throat. “My only orders are to aid Allied ships in need if they are in neutral or Allied waters. If defending becomes necessary, then we would do that. But no outright attacks.”
The Ranger had set sail across the Atlantic Ocean, passing the shores of North Carolina and from the flight deck, as far as the eye could see, was nothing but vast waters. The sun was blindingly bright with nothing in the clear sky to block its rays, but the ocean winds and the movement of the carrier made that January afternoon feel even colder than at the base at Norfolk. No one was complaining about wearing full uniforms today -- though it might be a different story when they reached the Bahamas.
“N-No!” Cas shook his head, looking embarrassed. “I didn’t know what you meant. It didn’t make sense to me that you were an ass just for not replying to letters right away. I thought maybe you stepped on her toes or hurt her feelings something...” Cas looked away.
They laughed and carried on eating. Anna gave him the updates about what she was doing with her time, briefly spoke of how their parents were fairing and general news from town. After the meal, Anna ordered a slice of cake for each of them for dessert, insisting that he get cake for his birthday, but sparing him the song. As they ate, she pulled a small box from her purse, wrapped in brown paper and handed it over.
As the sun rose Monday morning, Dean laid in bed with Cas snug against his side. He tightened his arms around the pilot and tipped his head down into the soft mess of Cas’s hair. Cas nuzzled into the crook of Dean’s neck, kissing his collarbone. These last few days, falling asleep with Cas every night and waking up with him every morning, was something Dean didn’t want to end. But Cas was leaving today, regardless of what Dean wanted. Both of them had stations to return to and they had to wake up from this dream eventually.
By the end of the night, they were both happy and Cas stopped pretending he didn’t know how to skate. Dean flashed him a smile, “You’re doing better, Cas!”
“I told you, they’re the best. Would you like to try one of mine?” Cas offered his own open box towards Dean.
"You really didn't think, huh, Dean." Castiel sighed, with the weight of exasperation only a gay angel learning his crush was a goddamn homophobe could know.
Say what, Cas wondered. He'd just said he loved him. What more was there to be said? Amen? That's what humans said when they finished praying, sometimes. Castiel wasn't opposed to worshipping Dean, but this didn't seem like what Dean meant. So he asked. "Say what?"
Dean put a finger over his mouth. "Don't say it. Don't even say it. Please, Cas." Dean didn't know. Not for sure. But Cas wouldn't be saying what he was saying if it wasn't important. He wouldn't be saying it if he didn't think it was important. Important enough to damn him to a fate worse than hell.
That's when it all clicked into place. Despite all that Cas had been saying, it wasn't until now that Dean realized what it meant. Castiel was happy. Castiel was finally confessing to him, and the pure happiness from just saying it was enough for the Empty to consider the condition of true happiness fulfilled. There was nothing he could do. Cas would be gone forever and Dean would never see him again.
“Don’t do this, Cas.” Poor, silly Dean. This, clearly, was the only way to save him. To save Sam. To continue their quest of saving people, hunting things. And, as much as he’d love to follow alongside, Cas knew that his story ended here.
"What?" This was not how Cas planned for this to go. This was not how he was planning to say goodbye. Being told by the man he loved that they needed to make sure he was never truly happy when he believed he was already experiencing true happiness wasn't part of the picture.
"The- the price was my life. When I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned and it would take me forever."
The tears that were welling up in Castiel's eyes began to fall. "But if I don't... Dean, it'll eat at me. I can't. I have to."
“I just remembered something I meant to ask you. It’s probably silly, but I wondered. You wrote in a letter once that you were an ass, but you never explained what you meant.”
“Oh, they are. Definitely. I’m pretty sure that Sammy never did stop falling in love with her once he started. He looks at her the same way now as he did when before he asked her out.”
“Yeah, well, you better be...” Dean was frowning now, Cas could see it on his face and hear it in his voice.
“Look, flying is all well and good, so long as I don’t have to be the guy in the air.” Dean shook his head.
“Yes, I... suppose you’re right.” Castiel looked at Dean and there was a depth in those blue eyes that was missing a moment ago. A child giggled as her parents lifted her up between them, each holding one of her hands. They gave her a swing, as if she was taking one huge leap forward. It drew the attention of both men and when Dean turned back to Castiel he saw a smile where there was once a frown. “Perhaps I should think the way you do, Dean.”
“Yeah, so, you want to go out? Get some din--” Dean started to suggest, only to have Castiel grab him by the front of his shirt and yank him forward. The pilot laid a kiss on Dean’s lips, raising his other hand to hold the side of Dean’s face. Once Dean was over the shock of the sudden motion, he smiled and quickly returned it, his hands settling on the small of Castiel’s back, pulling them flush together.
“Guys, come on,” Dean recovered and feigned annoyance. “I just want to enjoy the music. I don’t want to dance.
“As a fighter pilot, I shoot down enemy aircraft,” Castiel began and Dean furrowed his brows, wondering where he was going with this. “On a large scale mission, my squadron might be sent to protect a battalion during a siege. I would shoot down the enemy strikers who would attack the soldiers on the ground.”
“Damn, I didn’t think of that,” Dean frowned. In that moment, he truly hated that he couldn’t kiss Cas goodbye at the bus stop. People might see.
Backing up just enough to give himself space, Dean tugged Cas’s suspenders down and took his shirt off, leaving him in just an undershirt. He stepped around so they were standing face to face and hands went to the fly of Castiel’s pants. Tired but determined, Castiel got his shoes off and lifted his hands to Dean’s chest. While the pilot had intended to undo the buttons, he got distracted and just slid his hands slowly up Dean’s chest, stopped there and leaned in, resting his head against Dean’s shoulder.
“You really are tired, aren’t you?” Dean laughed and hugged him before he could finish undressing Castiel.
“Ohhh, how romantic. So your cutie came up here again in July?” He nodded. “Are you ever going to go down there?”
“That’s not exactly the way I would state it,” Castiel rolled his eyes and tugged Dean towards the bed. They settled there, both sitting with their backs to the headboard, legs stretched out.
When both men were once again presentable, they shared one last kiss, sweet and lingering, before heading out into the city. They wandered West this time, away from the lake and the university, in search of a quiet restaurant. More young people were out now in the twilight of the evening, students looking for a good time, and fewer families. Servicemen in uniforms, many of them from the nearby Naval base, could be seen either out with a girl on their arms or just larking about with friends.
Then it happened. News of the attack spread through Hickam so quickly that everyone knew by nightfall. The
“You too, corporal.” He nodded, then moved on, making his way to the telephones. There, he asked the operator to connect him to his home and waited for someone to answer, hoping it would be Anna.
Castiel lazily combed his fingers through Dean’s hair, smiling at him, “Though I imagine it won’t be enough to sustain you until lunch time.”
It was Thursday, just two days until the wedding and everything felt a little bit like the calm before the storm. Dean and Cas slept in that morning and were very lazy about getting out of bed. More aptly, they had trouble getting out of each other’s arms. Languid kisses were exchanged for long moments before the sound of Sam knocking on the door, urging them to get ready for breakfast, waylaid their plans for more. After a light breakfast of eggs and toast, everyone announced having plans for the day. Mary was meeting up with Jess and her mother, while John and Sam both had their own business to attend to in town.
Operation Torch is a big effort with both the army and navy attacking the shores of North Africa. Dean’s unit is ground force and he finds out before they set to battle that the USS Ranger is one of the Naval aircraft carriers on the mission. He remembers that Cas’s squad was on the Ranger at one point and hopes he can find out what happened to Cas from one of them.
“How have things been at the base?” Mary put a tray of cookies into the oven, set a timer, then joined Dean at the breakfast table.
The army and navy and other ally troupes end up in Casablanca during the aftermath of the attack. (Another fun fact, the movie Casablanca came out like a year after Operation Torch.) While Dean and his friends are in the city, he coincidentally happens to pass Cas.
“Ahh, I see.” The clerk looked as though he considered asking what day, but thought better of it. “You have a good day, sir.”
Castiel went limp against the bed, breathing heavily as Dean collapsed on top of him, face buried against Castiel’s neck. Neither man said anything, taking the moment to catch their breath, but Castiel refused to release Dean’s shoulder, choosing instead to keep him close. When they could finally breath evenly again, Dean placed a few kisses to Castiel’s neck, then lifted himself up a bit. He propped his head on an upturned palm and planted his elbow against the bed beside Castiel and just looked down at the other man.
They both began grunting and groaning more as the pace of their coupling sped up. As Dean came down on Cas’s shaft, Cas pushed his hips upwards to meet him, then took over control. He pushed himself up on one elbow and wrapped his free hand Dean’s shaft. Pumping his hand up and down, he drove Dean on towards completion.
Castiel sighed and turned his gaze to the sky. The sun was already starting to lower; there wasn’t much of the day left. “All good things must come to an end, as they say.”
“I’m not going to explain it.” Castiel looked towards the street. If last night he thought himself silly for thinking of Dean as his lover, the cheesy thoughts he’d had this morning were much worse.
“Shucks, Cas...” Dean looked down, bashful in moments like these, despite all his bravado in less intimate situations.
“Dean...” Castiel nearly cried out the name, breathless from these simple actions, heady with emotions he wasn’t used to.
Dean folded the letter up and tucked it back into the envelope and smiled. Baby brother, all grown up. “Miss you, too, Sammy...” He whispered quietly, then put it with all the other letters from Sam.
The girls smiled as best they could, nodded and went over to the others, who whisked them out onto the dance floor with ease. The two wallflowers watched them go but said nothing, remaining silent observers of everyone out on the floor. Dean took a chance then, letting his hand bump casually into the back of Novak’s.
“Nothing, just this, you, us. It’s...” Dean couldn’t think of the words he wanted, apparently, because he began kissing Castiel again. He rolled Cas over onto his back and held himself up on an arm. He ran one hand down Castiel’s chest, stopping it on his stomach. It made Castiel arch his back, feeling his stomach flutter beneath Dean’s fingers.
After they dressed and were ready to leave the hotel, Castiel stopped Dean at the door. He was seized by the need to kiss him one last time before they left for the day, and so he did. One hand wrapped around the back of Dean’s neck and lips pressed to lips. It was another slow and chaste kiss, but it lingered on until they both pulled back, smiling and slightly bewildered.
Prior to posting this chapter, I wrote a ficlet as a gift because of how long it was taking to post this chapter. If you would like to read it, it's still
was patrolling. Cas and the others ate up any news they could get of what was happening, but were only privy to what the US Navy intelligence could access and provide to them. That, and of course, whatever was printed in the news. Stories of Luftwaffe bombings in Liverpool and Nottingham, RAF bombings of Hamburg and Berlin, convoys sunk at sea all across the Atlantic. It was hard to say who was winning at this point, and that was just news from Europe. The war had spread much further than that, across Asia, Africa, and the Middle East. Even Canada had joined the war, and had been part of it since 1939.
“Alright, well, let me give you a kiss before you go!” Jessica dried her hands and walked over to him, arms out.
Cas glared at him and gave him a punch on the shoulder, which made Dean laugh all the more. He wrapped his arms around Cas’s shoulders and hugged him tightly.
As soon as he could move his arms, Dean wound them around Castiel’s body and rolled them both over. He laid on his back and cradled Cas against his chest, pulling his limp cock slowly out of Cas as he did so. They rested, near silent, apart from their panting, for a few long minutes. Finally, Dean brought a hand to Castiel’s hair and combed his fingers through it. Cas could tell Dean was still trembling a little and couldn’t help smiling.
There was something wonderful about waking up beside a lover, feeling their body pressed close, the rise and fall of their chest and the comfortable weight of their arms. It was a rare sensation these days, for both of them, and Castiel didn’t want to disturb the moment until it became absolutely necessary. When he woke, he breathed deep and slow, taking in Dean’s scent. He smelled of musk and sweat in the hot Chicago morning, in a pleasant way, rather than odorous. If Dean was awake, he showed no sign of it, his breathing was still even, his head lolled to the side, facing Castiel.
Carriers had back up in such an event and the plane careened forward into a net of wires designed to stop it. The nose of the plane hit the net and the craft spun to the side. There was a tense moment before it finally stopped. Activity on deck couldn’t stop with it, though. The LSO quickly signaled any other planes intending to land away so the flight deck could be cleared and the cable fixed. Communications officers radioed the planes to be wary of their fuel levels in the meantime. They needed the arresting gear in place before anyone else could try landing.
“So what if it is?” Dean smirked, glad he could see Castiel get flustered by the compliment, if only in an understated way. “Now I thought you wanted to have your way with me.”
“No, I think I know a place,” Novak interrupted. “Blues is more the thing here, but jazz goes hand in hand with it.”
“No, you’re right, I missed her.” Castiel closed his eyes and let his head rest on Dean’s shoulder. “My father and I never got along very well.”
Reading the last line, Cas had to laugh again, this time at the irony. Though the weather had been warm, in the last few days the ship had been hit by some rather awful storms. They hadn’t been able to fly at all and he was starting to go a bit stir-crazy; the bobbing and rocking of the ship didn’t help matters. It was a small miracle that the fuel ship had been able to reach them when it had. It seemed now that the storms were possibly clearing up, and Cas was certainly planning on enjoying the good weather. He felt bad for Dean being out in the cold, though, and could certainly think of a few ways to warm the man’s body up again.
“May I sit with you?” Aaron gestured to the open spot at the picnic table across from Cas. “I don’t really feel like eating lunch.”
“What is it?” Castiel stumbled over to see the poster, a lively picture of Errol Flynn brandishing a pirate sword against an unseen enemy. In the background, a man and woman embraced as if about to kiss. The text at the bottom read the actor’s name and the film’s title, The Sea Hawk.
That statement wiped the smile off Dean’s face and replaced it with startled confusion. “What? Why?”
Dinner was served, so they all began eating, murmuring compliments to Mary for her fine cooking. Conversation turned to idle chatter about what was going on around town and in the world. A few words were spoken on what was heard about German action in Europe and how astonishing it was that someone could be so apparently evil.
Dean and Sam shared a smile. They all loved Jess and thought of her as part of the family already. It was only a matter of time before they were married, whenever Sam got the gumption to ask for her hand. Everyone knew she would say yes. Sam met Jess when they were juniors in high school. After spending nearly the entire year tutoring her in history, he finally got the nerve to ask her out on a date. They went to the county fair, he bought her ticket and an ice cream, and they had been sweethearts ever since.
"Hell yeah. We were badass." He clapped Sam's shoulder. "See you around, Winchester." He tucked his hands in his jacket pockets and wandered off down the road, whistling to himself. Sam watched him until he vanished, then sighed and turned back to the Roadhouse where Jo was waiting to drink him under the table.
"It's an honor," Samandriel said breathlessly, seizing Sam's hand and pumping it up and down. "The entire force of heaven heard what you did to protect the Earth."
“I’ll go.” Sam started a little, tilting his head back to look up at Cas where he was leaning against the driver side door, staring off towards Dean. Cas glanced down at Sam and straightened up as he watched.
“Turning a blind eye due to prior arrangement, and then shackled to Lucifer,” Cas replied dryly. The dream was reforming around them, colour and shape returning. He reached out and caught Dean’s arm, halting him. “I am sorry that I cannot reunite Sam with you. But I am glad that he is safe, and among friends.”
"Yeah?" He finally said, wondering what the hell he was supposed to say if the kid asked for details. Ben looked mildly impressed.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The first of these incidents had been with Sam, when the archangel had decided to announce his return from the Empty by materializing in the shower just as Sam was entering it, with a shit-eating grin and holding a video camera. (For the sake of his sanity, Sam did his best not to think about where exactly that footage had ended up.) Maybe when Dean was back on his feet, he could help Sam come up with some appropriate revenge.
Dean’s eyes roved over his face, as though searching for something. Whatever is was, it seemed that he found it, and his shoulders dropped from their defensive tension into something more neutral.
She gave him a look that couldn't have conveyed 'ya think?' more clearly than if she'd had a sign over her head. Which, thinking about it, made an awful lot of sense, Sam realised. Mary had made it implicitly clear that she wanted nothing to do with the hunting world. She wanted safety and comfort and a family that didn't keep guns next to the crockery. She had given up everything for it, and her husband had thrown it all away for the sake of revenge.
“Okay,” she began. “Three things. One: I don’t hate you. I know you thought I might, but what the…” She stumbled over the words, “yellow eyed demon did? Not your fault. Two: I am angry. You lied to me. A lot. You didn’t ever intend to tell me the truth. I deserved better than that, Sam.” Her face was serious, her jaw set. Sam swallowed and nodded. She nodded back.
This had been one of the very few fond memories made during the last few months. Jack’s grace recovery hadn’t been instant; it had been weeks before he felt anything but human. But with how much practice he had gotten, however awful it was that they needed it at all,  his self-confidence had grown in leaps and bounds.
Unthinkingly, Dean swallowed. He swallowed, and his shoulders relaxed, just a little, and he nodded. He nodded, and kept nodding, as though he couldn’t stop, and Cas’ mouth ticked up by a millimeter in gentle amusement that was almost hidden by relief. Then, suddenly bold, he gave Deans hand a little tug. That was all it took for Dean to all but collapse against him.
“Congratulations,” the mild voice came from somewhere to his left, and his eyes flew open at the sound of it. He bolted upright, eyes landing on the man who stood a few meters away from him, bone-thin and pale and radiating a chilling sense of quiet. Whoever he was, he seemed unperturbed by Sam’s reaction, his face unmoving from it’s neutral expression, his hand resting easily on his cane. “You actually succeeded,” the man continued placidly. “I did wonder if you would.”
kid, definitely, but still just a kid." Jesse settled back down, slightly less mutinous. "There's also the fact that I promised to help you. To try, at least. And even though leaving was your choice, I guess I still felt like I'd failed you."
Tremulously, she smiled at him. “But, I love you. I need you to know that, because it’s true. Okay?”
"You'd make breakfast." Jesse said flatly. Dean turned from rinsing and pointed at him, feeling closer to playful than he had in weeks.
But now, gathered around the impala and Jody’s cruiser, Dean had separated from their little rag tag group. Exhaling softly in resignation and concern, Sam shifted, palm digging into the dry, gritty earth, abused muscles creaking in protest at the idea of moving.
"Good for you, kid." Ellen said warmly. He wilted a little at the nickname, and Cas felt a soft prickle of amusement at his disgruntled expression.
"What about Dean?" Sam asked. He seemed unduly focused on the floorboards, but his face was twisted with pain. "Does he know about this?"
“You. The night we met.” And Cas will nudge Dean’s cheek, and they’d be swaying around, hands holding onto each other, bodies close.
Also, if you want to see updates about this fic, excerpts, music and fanart, you can follow the fic's blog at http://angels-and-ammo.tumblr.com -- Thanks guys! <3
A handprint was left at the top of Dean’s left arm and Castiel inspected it, then shrugged, “Just means you’re mine now.” He placed a kiss to the bruise before grabbing a washcloth to clean his chest.
He wound his arms a little tighter around Cas’s waist, kissed him back a little harder. When the kiss broke, Dean’s eyes were still closed and he buried his face in the other man’s neck, feeling like a helpless child. He couldn’t shake the feeling and didn’t want to deal with it. He just wanted to keep holding onto Cas, like that would somehow work.
They went downstairs where they met Mary and John sitting at the breakfast table. John was reading a newspaper and Mary was writing something down that Dean assumed was a grocery list. Sam was still gone on his honeymoon with Jess. As they entered the kitchen, Mary looked up at them both and smiled.
“I know you are younger, just trying to figure out how much so.” The teasing smile on Castiel’s lips confirmed Dean’s suspicion, though.
“Dean,” he said. Over and over again, Castiel whispered the name, his voice full of wanting, need, desire and, god-help-him, full of love. Castiel’s hand slid down the length of Dean’s back, feeling the flex of his muscles with each thrust of his hips. His fingers dug into the hard muscles there and his grip made Dean bite at his neck. He wrapped a leg around one of Dean’s, then reached lower, taking a firm hold of the man’s ass.
Dean grinned at Cas, then settled back in his chair to enjoy the rest of the show. Sonny Boy sang another dozen or so songs and the whole audience cheered for every song, Dean and Cas included. When their night at the blues club was over, it was dark outside, despite the long daylight hours of summer. Outside, Dean and Cas walked a few blocks before hailing a cab to take them back to their hotel. Dean almost didn’t want to get there, because he didn’t want the night to end.
Cas arrived at the house a little after 4:00 in the afternoon, letting himself in. The Novaks lived in a fairly large house, having not suffered much from the Depression. Their family had always been rather well off, and though they had cut back on daily spending during the 30s, the outward appearance of their home hadn’t changed much. With a three story home, well manicured lawn and plenty of rooms, all well furnished, they looked as if the economy hadn’t touched them at all.
“Oh god,” Dean said suddenly, drawn out of his thoughts when Cas’s hand wrapped around his bare, hard cock. He had pulled the boxers aside and gone for more. “Cas...”
“Well, that wasn’t half bad. Might have been better if we thought to lay down,” Chuckling, Dean tipped his head left and right, working out the crick in his neck.
“I think your cock is doing the talking,” Castiel said, but kept on smiling. Blue eyes focused on his hands as he squeezed lube out into his palm.
“Good thing lunch is in the plans.” Cas hooked an arm around hers and led her away from the train station and towards their restaurant, a few blocks away. “I have a gift for you.”
“Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Dean Winchester,” Dean added. “We should probably get you to the train station.”
Her dress was beautiful, but it was nothing compared to the smile on her face. She looked straight ahead, eyes surely meeting Sam’s. As everyone watched her, Cas turned to look over at Sam and all of the nerves the man showed a moment ago were gone as he once again wore that love-struck gaze he always seemed to have for Jess.
“I don’t think I could stop my sister from doing what she wants... She would probably just borrow one of Father’s planes and fly here herself if I tried.”
Still, it was nice to be back and as he walked in the front door and smelled the fresh aroma of cherry pie greeted him instantly. He dropped his bag in the hall and called out, “I’m home!”
“He’s quite intelligent, though I don’t think he realizes it. He’s kind and seems to care very deeply about people. He cares a lot about his little brother, and protecting innocent lives is a priority to him, which is part of why he serves.”
“Lieutenant Novak. We got a telegram for you,” said the clerk, as Cas passed the mail office Wednesday morning. He slowed to a stop and turned around, walking back.
Cas was given a rather spacious room on base in a building for officers. Once inside, he dropped his dufflebag, stretched his arms and took in the massive space. By normal standards, it was probably not particularly large, but after a few months on ship, it was a great comfort. Not bothering to unpack right away, Cas instead checked his deployment orders. He skimmed for the most important information and smiled to read it.
The flight deck was dangerous and busy and no one ever stopped moving while they were on it. Once the plane was out of the way, Cas popped the cockpit hatch and jumped out, calling down to the service crew. “My guns started jamming. Gabe’s too and a few others. That’s a problem.”
“I’m getting paid.” Jo laughed. “It’s alright, though. I figure it’s a good skill to have, if nothing else.”
“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” He assured her. It was likely that she hadn’t told their parents of her plan to come meet him. They would send a card with money and names impassively signed to the bottom.
Dean groaned and dropped his head back, knowing he wasn’t going to get out of this. “Someone I met last time I was in Chicago...”
Castiel hitched a leg up, hooking it around Dean’s thigh, arched his back so their torsos met in a hard line and buried his hands in Dean’s hair. There was no rush in their kiss this time, but the passion was equal to the first time they had sex. It was a much deeper passion, not born of lust for each other, but something different. It made Castiel’s chest feel tight; it both thrilled and terrified him. At what point did Dean Winchester wake this long forgotten emotion in him? At what point did his whole world become a better place just because Dean was in it? And what did that mean?
“Oh, you haven’t heard whining.” Dean chuckled and shot Ash a grin. “Let’s just enjoy the music and the drinks, alright?”
“The Nearness Of You? Oh, it’s grand, actually kind of goes nicely with the one you just played. But it’s all about how being near to his sweetheart makes him feel so good.” She explained with an excited smile.
Labor Day meant the infantrymen and all of their training officers were given the day off in observation of the federal holiday. No one was complaining, least of all Dean. He, Ash and Benny made a trip into town with their time off to do a little shopping around, eat food that didn’t come from the cafeteria and drink some beers. While they were in town, they wandered past a record shop and Dean slowed to a stop.
“Yes,” Castiel managed a small nod. Calming the giddy feeling rising inside him at the spontaneous action.
Sure enough, once the men walked further onto the beach, Dean spotted a number of men and women walking around with shoes in hand and otherwise normal clothes on. Of course, the majority of the people were in bathing suits and proper swim attire. The beach was a popular place and Dean wasn’t surprised. It had beautiful sand, plenty of vendors selling hot dogs, pretzels, a variety of candy and ice cream cones, and music was being piped out from a phonograph somewhere nearby.
“No way!” Dean shook his head in apparent disbelief. “Well, you know, you’re going to have to tell me all about it. And I expect you’ll get a good tan. Speaking of which...” Dean stepped back a bit, dropping Cas’s hand and looking him over.
“Jess is his fiancee, right?” Castiel grabbed a washcloth and began cleaning himself properly, rather than just soaking, nice though that was.
“Well, don’t die of boredom, either.” Dean looked at Cas finally, wearing a lopsided grin, back to his usual charismatic self.
Time passed slowly but surely. While Cas stayed in Virginia, he managed to convince his mother to let Anna visit while she had a break from school. They spent time sightseeing and catching up on each other’s life. She was quite taken with the idea of Cas visiting Dean’s family for the wedding. Many jokes were made about him “meeting the parents.” Although he insisted that it wasn’t like that, she wouldn’t relent.
“Is this where I give you an opening for more bondage jokes?” Cas rolled his eyes. “About how you would prefer a partner to do the strapping?”
“You should keep them,” Castiel said, handing the strip over, careful not to get fingerprints on them.
Castiel hadn’t finished his letter to Dean yet, but he had a good reason for delay. While he had discovered the name of the song Dean was referencing, he wanted to hear it before responding. The problem being that there were no copies of that record on base, at least, none that he was aware of. So on a Saturday morning, Cas walked down to the nearest record shop in town. In the middle of the day, it would be full of kids listening to and buying records, but if he was there early enough he might get a chance to put his own choice of record on, before all the kids woke up.
If you're reading this at all, I love and adore you. Thank you for sticking with me. With any luck, I'll get back into writing and have another chapter for you within a few months.
“Don’t try and say you don’t enjoy it,” Dean made a point of seductively licking the ice cream. Castiel shoved Dean with his elbow and averted his gaze.
“So far so good. Ash is still way too smart for us, Benny was happy to be going home to see his gal.”
Novak shook his head, “No, I grew up further south in Illinois, a city called Pontiac. I moved to Chicago when I joined the navy. Where are you from?”
“I’m not all jokes all the time.” Dean smirked back at his brother, then John interrupted their banter.
As he fisted a hand in Dean’s hair, Castiel began grunting and giving small thrusts of his hips. He kept pace with each pass of Dean’s mouth, felt the mounting pleasure pool in his body as Dean drove him towards climax. Dean sucked faster and harder, leaving behind the added little flicks of his tongue that brought Castiel hard in exchange for the moves it took to make him release. And Castiel did, groaning out Dean’s name in warning before letting the orgasm reel through his body. Muscles contracted as he came, spilling his seed into Dean’s waiting mouth and Castiel felt the younger man drink it down greedily. Dean lapped it up and sucked him dry. Castiel laughed breathlessly as his body twitched and spasmed after the orgasm.
Dean was out on the training field doing the morning routines. The soldiers started the morning jogging at daybreak and a few hours later, they were running through reps of pushups, jumping jacks, and situps. Drill Sergeants shouted at their soldiers, counting and calling orders. It was cold and rainy, but the workout kept the men warm enough. By late morning, the loudspeaker mounted on the side of the building blared to life and the Sergeants called their men to stop and listen for the announcement. Dean caught his breath and glanced over at Benny with question in his eyes.
And so I answered it with as much detail as I could manage. I figured, for closure's sake, I'll go ahead and share that answer here. It's literally the least I can do for everyone who read this fic over the years. I'm sorry I never did finish it, I had the whole thing planned out, but the writers on SPN, among other things, made my love for the show and characters wane over time and this fic was a casualty of that.
It wasn’t like Balthazar to go AWOL and he was a charismatic guy, so he had lots of friends in the squad. Multiple pilots were worried about him and by now everyone was tense. With flight checks finished, Cas waited for the signal to taxi his plane to the catapult for launch. Suddenly, the LSO was signalling wildly. People were shouting on the flight deck and Cas popped open his cockpit hatch to better see and hear what was going on. A quick glance skyward revealed a familiar plane circling and awaiting landing signals.
“Sometimes, but not every Sunday. My parents are a bit weird about religion, in a way they don’t really talk about. My mom seems to have respect for the church as a holy place, though I don’t know how she feels about the teachings. Dad goes as a place of penance, I think, when he knows he hasn’t been a good man.” Dean blinked, staring off and considering something. Then he scoffed a laugh and added, “Every night, though, when I was little, my mom would kiss my forehead and tell me angels were watching over me.”
Eventually they found a place to eat, both agreeing that anything looked good. The restaurant was full of people not much younger than themselves, and it was small enough to feel comfortable, not overly fancy. There was no lounge singer and the waiters didn’t look like they belonged in the Ritz Carlton, letting them both relax through the meal. They kept the conversation easy and Castiel kept it mostly focused on Dean. The man spoke of his home and childhood, games he played with Sam and the friends he had there. Dean’s love for his family was endearing and something Castiel envied a little, but he was too happy to know that Dean’s life had been a good one for the envy to be more than a fleeting thought.
Jo shrugged, “Just getting out of the house for a while. Say, maybe we can get lunch one day while you’re home. Catch up on each other’s lives.”
Benny considered that, then nodded and chuckled. “Yeah, okay, I see.” He kicked back on his bunk again. “That’s Cas, right?”
The young lady came out from behind the counter and walked him over to a section of the store where an “N” was written by the boxes of records. “Nelson, Nelson... Here we are. These are all the records with have by him.”
“Is that what it was?” Dean asked, leading them out of the rink. It was getting late and the rink was going to close soon.
They all greeted him in return, welcoming. The man in the army uniform, more highly ranked than Dean, he now noticed, smiled the brightest, “Ah, evening out the odds for us a bit, soldier! What’s your name, man?”
“Hmm?” Dean blinked, as if still waking up. He had been staring at Castiel, his head tilted a little smile on his face. “What? Dinner? Yeah, sounds good.”
He decided to steer clear of anything that could be considered talk of war. Cas turned to Sam. “I understand you are attending law school, Sam?”
Anna lifted both hands to cover her mouth, but Cas could tell she was about to completely fail at holding back laughter. He glared at her, because that’s what big brothers were supposed to do when little sisters teased them.
“It’s a letter from my best friend...” Dean said. He had taken to referring to Cas that way, because it conveyed the closeness without being suspicious. Or so he hoped, anyway. “His squadron is going to sea and apparently testing new planes, which he says can be dangerous. But not to worry, because they have parachutes and he’s a good swimmer.”
“The musicians are talented,” Castiel explained. Chicago had become a home for blues and jazz artists two decades ago when many of them came up from the Southern states, running from the discrimination in the south and looking for jobs in the north. “The better clubs are on the South Side, but we would have to take a train to get there.”
“I do get angry. I’ve just had more years of practice keeping the anger in. Between here and being in the military... I’ve learned control in certain situations. But it doesn’t mean I’m not angry.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Dean saluted to his mom, like he was still in training, which made her giggle and shoo him away.
“Yes,” Sam said outright and crossed his arms over his chest. He waited for Dean’s expectant look and then explained. “You told me in one letter that you were on leave until the 22nd. But then in the next letter, you said you were only staying til the 19th. So... what happened?”
“Yeah, definitely,” Sam laughed, releasing Cas’s hand and wrapping an arm around Jess’s shoulders. “This is my beautiful fiancee, Jessica.”
“Ladies and gents, I wanna thank all of you fine folks for coming out here tonight. Our next performer was born down in Jackson, Tennessee, but he’s been callin’ Chicago home for the past six years and we’re glad to have him. Without any more ado, I give you Sonny Boy Williamson.” The host made a gesture towards the steps onto the stage as he walked off in the opposite direction. Sonny Boy was a young man, probably nearly Dean’s age, with a long, thin face and a huge smile. The crowd whooped and cheered as he came out onto the stage, obviously a fan favorite. He wore a casual suit and pulled a harmonica from the pocket of his blazer. A wave was given to the crowd as he stood in front of the microphone.
“Tell me about it,” Dean said before biting at a nipple, reveling in the sharp intake of breath from Castiel.
It was involuntary action when Castiel’s hips lifted slightly. It was less involuntary when his hand guided Dean towards his cock, “If you want to eat some part of me, I’ve got one for you right here.”
Mary was standing at the counter, wearing a pretty floral dress, an apron tied around her waist and a towel resting over one shoulder. She turned around to look at them both with a bright smile on her face, and Cas knew immediately where Dean got his smile from. She brushed her hands on her apron and walked towards them.
“What a night!” Dean said as he slouched down in his seat. He had taken his uniform jacket off and hung it on the back of the chair. Cas remained in his full regalia.
Now it was Dean’s turn to look down and avoid Castiel’s gaze. The pilot was smiling at this revelation that Dean did not intend to share. Castiel considered letting it slide, but he wasn’t quite as considerate as Dean was, concerning embarrassing admissions. “Is that a fact?”
Castiel knew what etiquette dictated but wasn’t sure how formal he was expected to be here. He erred on the side of caution. “Hello, Mrs. Winchester. Yes, I’m Castiel, it is a pleasure to meet you.”
“Sounds perfect!” Jo laughed and then look at Cas once again. “So what is your sister up to in Illinois?”
“Darn, that’s a shame. Now that Jess has gone and gotten herself hitched, I’m going to need a new partner in crime. Dean-o here is never home, so he’s out.” She thumbed in his direction.
Minutes could have passed during that kiss for all Cas noticed. When they reluctantly pulled apart and blinked their eyes open to gaze at each other again, both men were smiling.
Dean sighed quietly but smiled at the fact that Cas was happy. Knowing he influenced that was a pretty good feeling. He rested his head against the top of Castiel’s. “Good. We’d be in a bit of a mess if you were unhappy here.”
“Let’s make it last.” He said, sliding hands slowly up Dean’s thighs, tracing thumbs along the inner part.
Dean laughed, full and bright, tipping his head back. Castiel’s own smile was quiet and modest, amused by Dean’s response and that he caused it.
“Yeah, okay, we have to talk about something else or else I’m never going to be able to leave this room...”
“Too bad! Should have waited to give them to me!” She bit the first one in half and kept the second in the box, which she stored in her purse for after lunch. “Want half?”
“I’ve known a lot of tough women, I don’t doubt she has a lot of material for good arguments. Jo says she should keep fighting.”
had been floating just off the coast of the Bahamian Islands for a few days now. The weather was fantastic, warm sun, cool breeze, birds flying in the distance, their calls echoing across the sea. The men on the flight deck wore tank tops or no tops at all if it wasn’t necessary for distinguishing their job. Signaling officers needed to stand out among the men, for example, and couldn’t run around shirtless. When planes weren’t taking off or landing, the flight deck was used for tanning by men with free time. This was the most relaxed anyone would be able to get on the ship.
Sam followed Dean upstairs, carrying the bag up to his old room. “So, is it awful there? I mean, how is it? You haven’t killed anyone yet, have you?”
“Girlfriend, but they might as well be engaged. They’ve been going steady for years and we all treat her as part of the family. I’ll personally kick his ass if he ever splits up with her.”
Dean nodded, but said nothing; they were both thinking the same thing. When they parted ways tonight, the chances were high that they would never see one another again. They were military men, following orders wherever it took them. The past two nights were like a dream in a world where war was looming just on the outskirts of their vision.
“Well, if that ain’t the biggest smile I seen on you in days,” Benny drawled as he looked at Dean. “What happened?”
“It’s... uh... yeah, I guess it is. Been awhile since I’ve felt this way, I guess.” Dean shrugged as if it was nothing, but Castiel smiled knowingly. He knew very well, because it was the same for him.
That was a good question, for which Dean didn’t have a ready answer. “Maybe my mom? One day?” He chuckled. “After Jess and Sammy give her some grandkids.”
Back at the hotel, Castiel began packing his small suitcase that he had brought down for the weekend. Dean sat on the foot of the bed watching without comment, except idle conversation about anything other than Cas leaving. They made plans to get dinner and the rest of the night. When everything was put away, Dean reached out to grab Castiel’s wrist and pulled him over. Castiel stood between Dean’s legs and set his hands on Dean’s shoulders while Dean held the backs of Cas’s thighs and looked up to him.
Jess laughed at that, knowing Jo the best of all of them. “I think you’re right, Dean. Your sister, Anna was it? She must be quite an interesting young woman.”
“You aren’t happy being Ginger Rogers?” Cas couldn’t keep the laughter at bay as he spoke. Dean gave him a deadpan stare. “Alright, how about Gene Kelly? Or Humphrey Bogart?” Cas grinned as he came up with the last one, clearly pleased with himself.
Hearing the word, Castiel smiled before the second flash caught their picture. He didn’t want to say anything, for fear of being caught mid-word and looking strange in the photo. Dean was quick, though, timing his words just right between the flashes.
“We need to come up with a code...” Cas smiled. “So we can say things to each other without getting into trouble.”
“No, I have a better idea for candy after the movie.” Though Dean gave him a curious look, Castiel didn’t explain. “Just popcorn for now.”
“Of course,” Castiel said and they stepped out of the booth, dropping hands when they were no longer in their safe haven. Out in the public eye again, they walked on as two ordinary servicemen, as if nothing was between them but friendship. Dean escorted Castiel the entire distance to the train station, stopping just outside it and glancing between the pilot and the other few stragglers that ran in to catch the last train.
“Ohh...” Cas lifted a hand to scratch the back of his head, then glanced around nervously. “She isn’t here, is she? She doesn’t know who I am, does she?”
“The only world mother has ever known was one where women couldn’t get ahead. Where men don’t listen to women or wouldn’t let them run a company. I think she’s afraid that without a man, no one will listen to you.”
This chapter was originally going to cover both July 20th and 21st, but I got a little carried away, so I split them up. But because of this, the next chapter will hopefully be up sooner than later. Sorry for the long wait on this one! I hope you enjoy it!
“I’m home. It’s good to see you, Anna. Are Mother and Father here?” Their parents had never been around much, with their father always either keeping up business dealings or serving in the Navy. All the time he spent on shore leave during the last war was devoted to his business. Their mother maintained the upkeep of the house and their name in society.
“Don’t mind these two,” Ash said, waving off Dean and Benny. “They’re spoken for. I, on the other hand...”
“It’s been real nice to meet you, Cas,” John said, surprising Dean a little. He stood to shake Cas’s hand.
Castiel leaned in a little closer, lifting one wet hand to hold the side of Dean’s face. He kissed the soldier properly, fully and deeply. Their lips lingered in that kiss and Castiel could tell that even though he made a joke, Dean liked this feeling just as much as he did. The kiss wasn’t fevered and passionate, it was slow and soothing: a kiss of great care and affection. Perhaps what had blossomed between them was love, perhaps it was something less than that, time would tell if they were lucky. What mattered is that there was something there, something very deep and worthwhile.
Cas laughed. “I was just in the North Atlantic, sailing between Canada and Iceland mostly. It was too cold there to tan. The time before that, my mysterious tropical climate was near Cuba in the Caribbean.”
Everyone stopped and looked at Sam, but he turned to Jess and took her hands in his. “Jessica, you’ve been the best thing that’s ever happened to me. I love you more than I know how to say.”
“It’s no bother.” He gathered up dishes and helped carry them to the kitchen sink, where Mary eventually shooed him off. Insisting that he not help wash up, but thanking him for offering all the same.
“Lieutenant Novak?” A voice broke Cas from his thoughts. He was sitting outside on his lunch break, without much of an appetite. He looked up to see one of his students standing above him.
May 31st. Cas read the date again and committed it to memory. He would do what he could to find a way to get to Kansas for that wedding. The only problem was, he didn’t know where he would be when this tour ended in March, let alone where he would be come May. But if there was a way, Cas would find it. If he couldn’t get leave during the wedding, he would find another time, even if it was just to have a quick weekend in North Carolina.
He sat down on the edge of his bed and just admired the look of Dean’s face. His hard jawline, his open and friendly smile. The black and white photo didn’t really do him justice, seeing the color of his eyes or hair or lips might have helped more, too. Sighing, Cas fell back on his bed and closed his eyes. The both of them would need to get a grip and fast if they were going to survive being separated. Other men and women managed, they could, too. The only problem was, other men and women were allowed to be open about missing each other.
“Thank you,” Castiel said, moving into the hotel. After seeing to hanging up his suits, Castiel took in the hotel room, then turned to face Dean. “So, this is our room.”
“You know how you said he’s very smart and doesn’t realize it? I think maybe you’re very dumb and don’t realize it.”
“Thinkin’ you two might want to shut your mouths before I shut ‘em for you,” Dean waved a fist at them, though everyone knew it was an empty threat.
“Oh shit...” Dean gasped as well. He couldn’t handle it all anymore, the combined pleasure plus that command in Cas’s deep voice. Dean’s muscles clenched and he stilled for a moment, groaned and came as Cas stroked him. The pilot milked him for all he was worth and he came hard, for a long time. After Dean caught his breath again, still riding waves of pleasure, he looked into Cas’s face. “Now you...”
“Yes, they will.” Castiel knew very well what Dean was saying, but he was apparently going to play along anyway. “Lucky for them I’m a very good pilot. And lucky for me, so are they.”
“‘Til then...” Castiel responded, wishing he could reach out to Dean one last time. Instead, he held tight to the half strip of photographs and prayed for the best. Only once Dean was out of sight did he enter the train station, to wait for his train to come in. He would write, Castiel decided and he hoped Dean would as well. There was something there, something between them. Perhaps it was fate, or perhaps it was something as foolish as love at first sight. Castiel didn’t know, nor did he especially care to figure it out. He just didn’t want to let it go.
He saw that air about the man once again as Dean came walking up the street with a bounce in his step. Even from a distance, Castiel could see the broad smile on the infantryman’s face and it drew a larger smile from the pilot.
“Yes, ma’am.” Dean tracked down his dad, who was reading a book somewhere out of the way of all the chaos. “Dad.”
, because they were things about Castiel worth knowing. Meanwhile, Castiel reveled in each of the stories Dean told and imagined his exuberant voice dictating each letter. He learned of the infantryman’s family, the close relationship he had with his brother and the protective nature of the man.
“No, I suppose I can’t blame you.” Lifting his head, he placed a firm kiss to Dean’s lips. The pilot’s hands lifted to Dean’s chest, pushing him away after the kiss. “But we should spend at least some of this weekend outside the hotel.”
And Dean will smile and half chuckle and say, “Nah… I wanted to dance that night. I just didn’t want to dance with those broads.”
Cas began looking through the records. He had no clue which album the song was on, so he had to check all the track listings. The very last album in the box had “Dream a Little Dream Of Me” on it. Picking it up, Cas held his breath, wondering if he wanted to play it in the store after all. He glanced around. There were two men on their own and a woman with a little girl in the shop, as well as the lady at the counter. If he bought the album and took it back to base to listen to, that would require a lot more explaining if anyone asked. This seemed easier.
As they walked, the mid-afternoon sun bore down on them and heat rose off the concrete streets, making the day uncomfortably hot. Though Dean and Cas were both used to working through heat, the moment they came upon the movie theater advertising air conditioning, both men stopped to inspect the posters on the outer wall.
Dean soon found that, as compared to some of the others in training, he was quick to pick things up. He attributed it to just being good with mechanical things. All the weaponry came easy to him and following orders was a simple matter of just doing what the sergeant told you to do. It didn’t take brains to get from point A to point B or to pull a trigger. The one thing he was proud of was his marksmanship. His dad had put a gun in his hands the moment he was old enough to hold one, though his mother hadn’t been too enthusiastic about it. Shooting was something Dean was good at and willing to boast about.
“Well, at least you get a fun reprieve now.” Dean turned off the sidewalk into a driveway. “We’re here.”
They fell silent then, both lost in their own thoughts, whether those were of Cary and Fred kissing or the desire to have something they couldn’t.
“Not really,” Dean shrugged. “It’s not really my thing. You didn’t seem particularly torn up about missing it this morning.”
“Yeah, not something you know a whole lot about either,” Dean said, shifting his weight to one arm so he could shove Sam with the other.
“Yeah, I oughta.” Dean grinned at Cas, then looked away frowning. “It’s too bad this is my last day here...”
The ride was made a little more uncomfortable because of the driver, so Dean and Cas stayed quiet the entire ride there. They were also certain to avoid touching each other any more than necessary. Upon arrival, they paid the driver’s fair excluding any form of tip and got out. As he pulled away, Dean leaned in and muttered to Castiel what he thought of the driver.
and we were having difficulties sending letters, because the timing was off,” Cas prompted. “Sometime in early Spring, I think.”
Cas let out a breath he didn’t realize he had been holding. “Merry Christmas, Dean. How are you and your family?”
“Oh, he’s very polite,” She said to Dean with a grin, then came closer to give him a hug. “And handsome, too. It’s nice to meet you, too, Castiel.”
“Dean, it’s Christmas time,” she turned around and brandished her pot holder at him. “The War itself has taken a break for the holiday, don’t you think we should too?”
Dean kissed his way up to Castiel’s ear, kissed his ear, too, and whispered, “I got ya’, Cas.” He lifted himself up just enough to look down into Castiel’s face, saw the way Cas’s brows were drawn together, his mouth slack with want, eyes half-lidded, and simply smiled. “I got ya’.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean leaned over Castiel’s shoulder to see the mint meltaways. “I think I’ll give those a try.”
“I have...” Cas sighed. “Most of them are quite boring and stuffy. This one was more like a celebration.”
When the knock came at the door, it was early evening and Dean was finished ironing his clothes, which were now nicely hanging in the hotel closet. He was smartly dressed, not in his uniform, but in a pair of dark grey slacks, undershirt, and a white dress shirt, sleeves partially rolled up his forearms while he waited. His suit jacket was set aside on the bed along with a grey fedora Sam had given him for his birthday.
The fic is not over. There's more story to come. Please don't kill me. But please do comment with all your thoughts and emotions and hatred for me. Thank you, again, for reading and sticking with me. I really do love you all for it.
The dark haired pilot opened the bottle of lubricant and squeezed an ample amount onto his fingers before setting it aside. “Come here...”
Castiel avoided it all, having no interest in the holiday and, on any other year, no sweetheart, but today he found his thoughts turning to Dean and wondered if his letter got to the infantryman alright. He decided to check the mail clerk’s office in the dormitory where he stayed, just in case. Surely Anna would have a letter for him, anyway.
“Sure thing, I’ll even get you raisinets.” Dean flashed him a smile, but Castiel shook his head. “No?”
Dean absently nodded, “Yeah, fine.” He didn’t remember getting back to his bunk or even sitting down on the side of his bed. All he knew was that he was there, sitting with his arms on his knees, staring at the ground.
“No, sir, I won’t,” Dean shook his head. He quickly finished off his food and held up his empty plate to Mary. “All done, do I get pie now?”
As it was, Dean Winchester had time to spare on his way to Fort Bragg, North Carolina and a couple nights in the bustling city of Chicago was just what he wanted. Who knew when he would get another chance to walk the streets of the Windy City if they did, in fact, get plunged into war? He didn’t bother packing anything other than uniforms and dress blues and so it was that he strolled along the streets in his casual uniform, the one between combat and dress blues.
“Certainly, Mr. Winchester, you can use our courtesy telephone right there.” He gestured to a phone at the end of the desk.
“I know that!” She hollered at him. “I know that, and you know that, I just wish she knew that. Lord above, she knows exactly how much she does without father, why doesn’t she realize we don’t need men!?”
As always, I love all your comments! A lot of times, when I've felt so uninspired to write, your comments have pushed me forward. Even the short ones can make all the difference in the world. You guys, as my readers and supporters, are as much a reason this fic exists as I am.
“I want to remember this. Remember you, just like this,” Dean said quietly, then shook his head and laughed. “You’re so damn gorgeous.”
“Yeah, you’ve been looking all itchy lately. Fact...” Ash turned to Benny. “It’s always after mail call he gets so down.”
Releasing a held breath, Cas relaxed as both hands went to the controls and he turned the plane to the side. A smile spread across his face as he looked out over the open ocean. Not much beat that view. Though there wasn’t much to see except water, nothing near as breathtaking as the Grand Canyon or a mountain range, there was something nostalgic about being out over the water in a plane, and Cas liked that.
was struck by a torpedo near Iceland. Eleven sailors died, marking them as the first American casualties of the war. Eleven men, on a ship far from home in the North Atlantic. The
“True, that was much more like a date.” Cas hummed thoughtfully and Dean could just imagine him looking thoughtful, with his eyebrows drawn down and eyes squinting slightly.
By the end of the third song, they both needed a break -- and a drink. Tessa thanked him for the dances and excused herself to powder her nose and get a sip of water. Dean returned to Ash and Benny, wondering what kind of chatter he would have to endure now. He pointed directly at Benny, “I believe it’s your turn to buy my drink.”
Dean dropped his pen when he finished his letter and sat back, rubbing his hands over his face. Then, lacing his fingers together, he lifted his arms up over his head to stretch out his back. His joints popped and his muscles tensed and he groaned at the ache of it all. Sagging back against the wall, Dean glanced over the letter and shook his head. Did he really just sign it that way? It was foolish, and ridiculous, but he couldn’t scratch it out and fix it without being obvious and he was not about to write the letter over again. His eyes were going crossed as it was, not to mention almost being time for light’s out.
They walked on, occasionally stepping into shops to see what was for sale, but neither man bought anything. A little past ten, they stole a seat at a cafe to sip coffee and watch people go by. Castiel took his coffee with a dash of cream while Dean took his black. They sat quietly, as families walked past, children holding the hands of their parents, skipping between them. Bright, smiling faces were on all. Dean set his mug down and gestured to one such happy family across the way.
On the other end of the line, Dean smiled bashfully and scratched the back of his head. He wasn’t used to these things, but he had to admit it felt good. “Yeah, yours too. How’s Christmas going? Is it nice to be home?”
The letters from Castiel were becoming the highlight of Dean’s life in training. It didn’t matter how long or short the letters were, as long as he saw that now familiar block script and that they were signed with Cas’s name. It seemed that talk of summer was giving them both a light at the end of the tunnel, though it was more like a checkpoint in the tunnel that had no end in sight. Maybe these letters were just as much a highlight to Castiel as they were to Dean.
“Yeah, well, I hope they’re looking out for me when I’m on the battlefield, eventually.” Dean laughed, keeping the subject light. “What about your family? Your name is sort of ... religious-sounding.”
Dean lifted his head, brushed his nose along Castiel’s cheek, brushed their lips together in something more intimate than a kiss, something tenderer. Castiel let his lips part and simply breathed Dean in before the younger man pulled back and they both opened their eyes. What he saw in Dean’s green gaze mirrored the way Castiel felt. They didn’t have to say it, they didn’t need to spell it out, and before Dean had a chance to consider it, Castiel kissed him again. The kiss, slow and sensual, said it all for them.
A smile turned Cas’s lips up and smoothed out the creases in his brow. He looked up at Dean, clasped his hand around the dogtags and leaned in to kiss Dean softly. It wasn’t an answer, but Dean wasn’t going to argue, so he wound an arm around Castiel and returned that kiss.
“Or something,” Cas leaned his head on Dean’s shoulder for the briefest moment before straightening up again. Dean had to resist the urge to wrap an arm around the man beside him.
Cas played it off with a small laugh and shook his head, “Just realized I missed the sound of your quarreling.”
“So about the candy,” Castiel pointedly changed the subject, stopping in front of a shop. Dean nearly missed the sudden action and took a few steps past Castiel. He had to stop on a heel and about-face. Castiel smiled at the blatantly military move.
The pair strolled through the grassy lawn just in front of the pier, taking in the sights before entering the large front doors. It was like walking into a great, long courtyard, with red brick walls that stretched the length of the pier out into the lake. Two towers stood above the walls flanking the entrance. Shops and restaurants lined the interior like some sort of western adaptation of a bazaar.
“It could be... Someone just made a mention of it in a letter and I didn’t know what it was.” His heart began beating faster at the thought that this is what Dean’s message had been.
Cas came in easily, cranked out his landing gear, and narrowed his focus, jaw set, as he landed the plane. The tiny wheels hit the deck and he pressed the brakes, though it wasn’t fully necessary. Three sets of cables lined the flight deck and a hook on the rear of the plane was used to catch one of the cables and stop the craft. Cas, and most pilots, aimed for the second cable and caught it. The plane slowed to a stop and people scurried about quickly, helping him taxi the plane out of the way so Gabe could land immediately behind him.
“Oh, we will!” Dean called over his shoulder. “See, it was meant to be, this close to the restaurant and all.”
Dean left Lawrence at the crack of dawn and spent half the day on the train ride to Chicago. By the time he got to the hotel, it was early afternoon. He was tired from the ride, but happy to be there. Chicago was hot, but no worse than Lawrence had been and both were a far cry better than the humid south. He just wanted to check in and get a shower before seeing Castiel.
“She is, absolutely. When you meet women like her, you have to wonder if they shouldn’t let them enlist as anything other than nurses.”
“Alright. January 17th we met. But I didn’t kiss you until the 18th.” Dean grinned at the memory of it.
It was Tuesday night, just after dinner time and while the officers who did training were allowed to leave, they were too far from anywhere to go out and still get a decent night’s sleep. Anyone who wanted to socialize and have some fun ended up in a lounge where they could listen to music, play ping pong or pool, or chat with each other. Cas really wasn’t close to any of the officers here, but he talked to them socially every so often.
“Alright,” Dean chuckled and patted him on the back, offered to take one of the bags, then started them walking towards his home.
“Ohhhh.” It dawned on Dean suddenly then. That time felt like eons ago. “Yeah, I remember now... Uhm, I felt like an ass because I was taking too long to respond to your letters. I was being really dumb and...” He thought Cas’s feelings were waning at that time, not because of anything Cas had done, so much as his own insecurity. “I think I just imagined you being there like, ‘come on, Dean, where the hell are you?’ and I felt like a jerk.”
When he walked into the house, it was no surprise to Castiel that the first people to greet him were the butler and Anna. The butler took his things up to his bedroom and Anna ran forward to throw her arms around his shoulders.
“Oh? Is that stamina of yours actually failing you this morning?” Dean tipped his head to try and see Castiel’s face. To abide him, Cas lifted himself up on one arm and looked at Dean.
“Did you bring any KY?” Castiel asked, placing kisses along Dean’s shoulder now, brushing his nose against the crook of Dean’s neck.
Castiel smiled and tilted his head down, “Yes, there is.” He looked back up to Dean one last time. “Take care of yourself, as well.”
Jessica laughed at something Sam said, then spotted Dean leaning there watching. “Well, mister, are you being a fly on the wall, there?”
“Til then,” Dean added, watching him go until Novak turned after a couple of steps and walked away. The whole way back to the hotel, Dean couldn’t wipe the smile off his face. It wasn’t really anything to get too excited about, he was leaving Monday morning and in time this would all be a distant memory. Nonetheless, he couldn’t help feeling happy.
Castiel kissed him once more, shorter this time, and finally pulled back, opening his eyes. “I will, of course. You do the same, Dean.”
Castiel woke the next morning with Dean curled around him. He was lying on his back and Dean was sprawled across his chest, head tucked up against Cas’s neck, arm draped over his torso. He was relatively trapped by the slumbering man and had to very carefully extricate himself without waking Dean. It was tricky work, but as Castiel stood from the bed, Dean shifted and nuzzled into the bed pillow and curled into the blankets. Moving quietly through the room, Castiel gathered up all his belongings. He washed up quickly in the bathroom and packed away those items. Everything else was packed the previous afternoon.
“But Humphrey Bogart is suave like you. So you can be Gene Kelly and Humphrey Bogart. I can be Errol Flynn and Fred Astaire.”
At one point he stood in the doorway to the kitchen, smelling pie and turkey and gravy and stuffing and wished Cas could be there, too. It felt like Cas was the only thing missing from the whole scene and he could imagine him standing beside Jess, making her laugh, or helping his mom carry something heavy. He imagined Cas would be happy to help out with anything that needed to get done. For one tiny, bitter moment he envied Jess and Sam, but quickly pushed those feelings aside. Dean knew that if Cas could be here for Christmas, Sam and Jess would probably welcome him into the family more readily than anyone else.
“That’s me. I see you’re a Navy guy,” John said, extending his hand to shake as well. He had a strong, firm grip.
was struck by a torpedo. The ship sank, killing 100 of the sailors aboard, only 44 enlisted men survived. The news was released on the base early that morning and no one really felt much like celebrating.
“Can’t Sam be happy for his brother?” Sam reached out and shoved Dean’s shoulder, throwing him off balance.
“I hope that’s alright. We don’t have any extra beds, but we’ve set it up with clean linens.” Mary explained.
“Oh yeah, sure, right here.” He turned around and dug through papers on a desk beside him and pulled out the magazine. “We subscribed to it when they started their hit list back in July.”
“Can’t be too good a code, though, or else they’ll think we’re spies,” Dean chuckled. “We’ve done pretty well so far, though, I think.”
Dean read the letter quickly, smiling to see that Cas remembered his birthday, even though the letter wishing him a happy birthday couldn’t get to North Carolina in time for the actual day. He opened the next letter from Cas, to read what it said.
“These people. The children, the mothers and fathers... Although I followed my dad’s lead, I guess I always knew I would be a soldier. But I had my own reasons, and this is why. To keep these families safe. To protect our country. So that maybe these kids can grow up in a world where they don’t have to worry about war.”
He walked over and set the record spinning, dropping the needle in the right place between the grooves. The song began with a somewhat old fashioned sounding little ditty, cute and bouncy. Cas smiled at thinking of a young Dean listening to this. It just didn’t seem his style. Then the lyrics began and Cas paid close attention.
“Yeah. The sailors seem especially down in the dumps today. Some guys are real keyed up, though. I think they want to go to war.”
Cas almost never went into the study, not because it was off limits by any means, but because simply he had no reason to be in there. He had no reason now, either, but his eyes fell on the telephone that sat on his father’s desk. They had two telephones in the house, one in the hall upstairs and one in the study. An idea came to mind and giddy excitement fluttered in his chest. Feeling like a child up to no good, Cas slipped into the room and closed the door behind himself. He walked over to the desk and sat down, staring at the telephone.
“Night, Cas...” Dean kissed the top of his head once more and squeezed his arms around Castiel. That was the last thought the pilot had before he fell into a deep, contented sleep.
“I’m afraid I don’t,” Cas laughed and shook his head, yawning again. “But if it means I’m tired, then yes, I am ... tuckered out.”
Castiel took the opportunity of Dean’s momentary distraction to bend his legs, plant his feet against the mattress and thrust into Dean. The other man let out a hard grunt and his arms gave out. He pressed one forearm across Castiel’s chest, the other arm ended up beneath a pillow. After managing to catch his breath, he looked into Castiel’s eyes and found teasing amusement dancing in them.
Cas could live like this every day and never tire of it. He returned the kiss, barely containing the broad smile that Dean had set upon his lips.
He read the whole letter over again, then a third time, until he realized he felt a lot like a girl and almost blushed. It was a damn good thing that none of the other guys were nearby to see him grinning from ear to ear like a lovesick teenager. They would be liable to steal the letter, thinking it was from a dame. Dean wondered if maybe he had to be sure he read all his letters from Cas in private from now on.
“Then we have the house to ourselves for a bit.” Cas offered her a smile. They went to the kitchen to steal a snack before supper, then retreated to Anna’s bedroom to talk. Together, they sat on the edge of her bed munching on some sweet bread.
Anyone idling about on deck scattered and techs took their places. The plane came in and landed without incident. Cas, Gabe, Inias and the other pilots intending to create the search party all ran to the landed plane as soon as they recognized Bal in the pilot’s seat. Glad to see him alive and well, and his plane in one piece, Cas called up to him. “Where were you?”
“Not really, it’s mostly other women. A lot of the men enlisted; those who didn’t either already have a gal, or aren’t really what I’m looking for in a man.”
“Mmm.” Cas took a deep breath and sighed it out. “I do. But this isn’t it. There will be other occasions. We will plan more visits later. Anna still insists on meeting you. She claims she needs to give her approval of you, since Mother and Father cannot.”
Dean had been bold, daring, warm and inviting. Cas had fallen for him all too easily. When they shared their first kiss, it was all over, he was completely enamoured. Even if Cas hadn’t seen Dean again, he wouldn’t have ever forgotten the man. Now it seemed like Dean would forever be a part of his life.
Intense blue eyes met his and Cas sat up, kissing Dean hard. Dean easily gave himself over to that kiss as Cas wrapped an arm around his waist. He began thrusting again, harder and faster this time until the kiss finally had to break. Cas pressed his face into the crook of Dean’s shoulder and groaned loudly as he finally came inside Dean a moment later.
“Guess it’s more like goodbye now, though.” Dean sat up and scooted over in the bed to be closer to Cas. “What time is it?”
Of course she would assume his sweetheart was a girl, and there was no need to correct her. Castiel relaxed and agreed. “Yes, it seems like a good choice.”
Eventually a ranking officer gave orders over the ship’s PA system and they all had work to do and tasks to complete. The ship had set sail, aiming south towards the tropics and away from the chilly shores of Virginia.
He leaned back slightly, bracing one hand on Cas’s leg and lifted himself up, then lowered down again. He found a steady rhythm, watching Cas’s face as he took the man into himself over and over.
“You had us worried!” Inias chided. He had been the gloomiest of them all, because it was his job to be Bal’s wingman. Losing him reflected poorly on Inias, but also left him feeling overwhelming guilt for letting Bal down.
On the way back down to the room, Dean was feeling a healthy buzz from his drink, just enough to make him smile a little more easily and sling his arm around Castiel’s shoulders without worrying who they met along the way. The halls of the hotel weren’t particularly crowded, though, and no one was there to see them make the trek from the elevator to their door. Castiel’s fingers were deft as he fished the key from his pocket and let them into the room, with Dean hovering close behind him.
“Not what? Not special? Not worthy? You are, Dean. You are astonishing, brilliant, dedicated, caring, sexy, and if you don’t kiss me--”
Let me know what you think in the comments below! :D I love hearing from you guys and you keep me going when writer's block gets in the way. Thanks for reading. You rock! <3
After dinner, the girls cleaned up while the John went into the den to listen to the evening radio programs. Sam hovered around, chatting with Jessica until she told him to make himself useful drying dishes. Dean leaned in the doorway to the kitchen, watching his family, his happy brother, loving mother and set-in-his-ways father. He had joined the army to follow in his father’s footsteps, but Dean knew that protecting these people, his family, and hundreds of thousands of families like his across the country, was the real reason he served. If the war ever came to their home, Dean wanted to know that his family was safe. He would do anything to keep them safe.
“Good question. I’ve never been in a relationship this long before.” Dean’s voice lowered just a bit as he said that. No one was near enough to overhear and though they probably weren’t listening in anyway, he couldn’t help being cautious.
“Isn’t there some manner of dress code involved?” He studied the younger man’s face fondly, wanting to remember that serene look that calmed Dean’s features.
And Dean will grab Cas’s hand and pull him out into the middle of the living room and start dancing.
“Do we both feel the same? Is it serious or just fun? Will the distance and ... being in the military cause too many problems for us?”
“No, not just yet. I just felt the need to kiss you.” He smiled and spread a hand over Dean’s chest.
“You’re a good man, Dean.” Those were the words that Cas found himself saying, nearly without his permission.
“Good! Good, everything has been really good.” Dean laughed again and Cas could imagine his smile. “Sam proposed to Jess last night. Finally.”
Cas chuckled at the whole exchange. “I need to find some way for you and Anna to meet. Although I would also be a little frightened of the two of you together.”
“Oh, I know. I just miss you. My boys have grown up so fast.” She smiled at Sam and Jess, who sat leaning towards one another and smiling. Releasing Dean, she took her seat between John and Dean.
“I train those who want to fly how to keep themselves alive.” Castiel said with a tilt of his head, his eyes unfocused, as if seeing past the people on the street.
Then Cas began running his fingers through the hair at the back of Dean’s head. It was a slow, soothing motion that made Dean hum happily. The feeling of it helped wash away some of his worries, though he knew they would surface later when Cas wasn’t there to soothe his troubled heart. Dean drank it up now while he could.
“Until the summertime, then,” Dean said, in echo of Castiel’s words the night before, taking a step backwards without turning away.
But it’s going to be kissing and Dean just needing to feel Cas, touch him, know he’s there, that he’s alive.
By the time Cas got back to port in Virginia, he felt unsure about the state of the war and was eager to know when America would finally join the cause. It was seeming more and more difficult to remain neutral at this stage. It was only a matter of time before US ships would be forced into action during one of their neutrality patrols and, while the situation with the
“I think I could approve that.” Castiel smiled to himself and tried not to pay attention to the way Dean’s eyes followed him as he retrieved his tie and put it back on. Finally, the infantryman got out of bed and fixed his own clothes. It was a bit of a shame to see those sleeves cover his forearms, when Castiel much preferred to see them bare. He glanced away and out the window. “At least it’s starting to cool off.”
“My sister the feminist.” Cas said, in a voice that showed he was proud of her. She straightened in her seat, looking quite proud of herself.
The glare that Castiel shot his way made Dean laugh harder. He lifted a hand to pat Cas’s back, then left it on his shoulder. There was no one near enough to see them and if there had been, at least they weren’t in uniform.
As the others broke off in separate conversation, Dean moved to stand beside Novak, giving him a little nudge, “You’re Navy, right? What’s the distinction in your uniform? I don’t spend much time outside of army folks in dress blues.”
The kiss had to end eventually and they pulled back from each other just enough to look into each other’s eyes.
“Oh, I’m not really sure just yet, but I like the idea of defending people who can’t defend themselves. If someone has something bad happen to them, I want to help them make it right again.”
Sunday mornings were a time for relaxing. Cas waited until sunrise to wake up and get out of bed, but once he was up, his training wouldn’t let him dawdle too much. He dressed and left his dormitory to take a jog around the base. It was a collection of buildings, roads and landing strips, but the view out into the harbor wasn’t terrible. Winter in Hawaii was unbelievable, even in December, most days were as warm as a summer day back home. He jogged as the sun rose over the island, heading towards the hangars as his end goal.
While Chicago was a long train ride away, the small town of Great Lakes had enough amenities that were only a short hike to get to. No town was a town at all without a record shop these days, so it was easy enough to find one. A little bell jingled as he walked through the door and Cas was happy to find the shop mostly empty. A young woman with bright red-orange hair stood behind the counter and offered him a smile.
“Comin’ right up,” She flashed a smile at Dean, then turned to fill two small boxes of candies, placing a little paper cup-shaped wrapper under each truffle.
Cas nodded, and waved to Gabe before doing just that. He knew his way around the Ranger as well as his own home by now. Most ships were confusing and it took months to become acquainted with the layout. Each hall looked much like the last and there were few markings for guidance. The stairs the led from one deck to the next were so steep they might as well be ladders leaned up against a wall. It was a treacherous world they lived in, but it was home while they were out at sea. Cas felt odd any time he had to serve on a different ship, though that happened from time to time.
“This is the same man you were worried doesn’t feel the same way about you that you feel about him?” Anna sounded surprised.
As these thoughts ran through Castiel’s head, he couldn’t help but wonder when he became so poetic -- and a bad poet, at that. Then he wondered if this is what love did to a man, if these wistful, youthful thoughts that he would never think of saying aloud could be attributed to love? And if so, did that mean he was in love with Dean Winchester? And was Dean in love with him?
“I’m sure my little sister would do the same to me,” Cas offered, patting Dean on the back. “And you would find it amusing as well.”
“Good, good. Because I’d like to know.” Dean took a bite of his food and Castiel did the same, letting the act of eating keep them from having to say anything for a moment. Their silence was filled with the music played by the restaurant’s band. Most fancy restaurants had at least a small band to keep the diners entertained, if not a lounge singer or a big band. Jazzy saxaphone music accompanied a piano and easy percussion, lending a relaxed feel to the night. Dean let the music ease his unexpectedly awkward nerves.
As if chasing that contact, Dean bumped his shoulder into Cas’s while they continued walking down the street. “When do you leave?”
Sighing, Cas tossed the pillow in his lap at Anna and stood, trudging to his bedroom to dig out the photo he had of Dean. Anna shoved the pillow aside and ran down the hall after him, giggling along the way. He began unpacking his suitcase, setting things on his bed to put away later until he got to the bundle of letters. Taking them out, he opened the first one from Dean and pulled the half strip of photos from the weekend they met. Just two pictures, one of them looking forward, then one of them smiling. He handed it over to Anna.
"You look beautiful," with a terrifying amount of sincerity, and she'd given him a peck on the cheek, hugged Ben, and sailed out of the door with a cheerful
"I look forward to it," he glanced over his shoulder before meeting Victor's eyes. "You know, I remember us making a pretty good team."
Cas grinned. “I won’t.” He looked  at Dean one last time, committing him to memory, and let the dream dissolve.
"Thanks!" He chirped, and darted off upstairs. Were all kids that hyper? God, Dean was getting old. He laughed at himself and went to stack the dishes in the dishwasher. Outside, the sun was setting, and the light through the windows painted orange-gold stripes down the kitchen walls.
“It’s okay,” he heard her whisper. “It’s – oh god, - it’s going to be okay.” He looked up, and she was crying too, eyes and nose running, cheeks blotchy, face blank with freshly-remembered horror, and he clutched onto her tighter, pressing a careful, shaky kiss to her hair.
“Sam,” Jess said, trying for firm, but wavering badly. Her hand gripped at his so hard it was painful. “What happened when you came home? I remember hearing you come in, but…”
"Lisa, she's been really great. Doesn't take any of my crap." She really didn't. The second night Dean had stayed in the house, he'd snuck out to the garage to take advantage of his stash of whiskey in the Impala. He'd made it about three sips in when Lisa had appeared in the doorway like an avenging angel, (and trust him, he'd had experience) and yanked the bottle away from him.
Another name on the long list of people who Dean had broken his promises to. At least this one was still breathing, which he chose to demonstrate just then with a loud snort.
Sam still couldn’t quite believe that it was over. His muscles were shaking with leftover adrenaline, and everyone around him looked shell-shocked and exhausted. Every heartbeat, both his and everyone else’s felt like a miracle. There was a feeling of triumph in the air, in the way they all looked at each other and breathed together and waited.
Her smile vanished completely and she pulled away, looking down into her glass of whiskey, fingers curled loosely around the rim.
"Yeah," Sam muttered. "Was it - were you -" He struggled to find the right words, but Henriksen took pity on him.
Needless to say, Jack had become very good at using his powers for healing out of necessity, and it often took a lot out of him; when asked, he would simply say that he was glad to be using his powers to fix something, rather than to destroy. Sam had praised him for it, and he had been so thrilled that he had quite literally floated around the bunker for about a day and a half, causing Maggie to shriek and hit him in the face with a book when she was interrupted in the library by a bright “Hello!”.
"Lucifer like, exploded him." Sam made a 'boom' motion with his hands to demonstrate. "And he'd lost his angel mojo before that. Like, all of it, he couldn't even fly any more."
Beyond the limits of human perception, Cas entered the house, searching through the rooms until he found Dean, laid out on a double bed, sleeping fitfully. It was late, and the other occupants of the house were deeply unconscious, but Dean shifted and grunted in his sleep, clearly plagued by nightmares.
Dreams were strange, nebulous things, prone to morphing and fracturing in the space of a heartbeat. In order to communicate inside them, it was necessary to take control of them and give them a firmer structure, a solid shape in which to stand.
" I'm sorry, but Samandriel and I should probably go," he told them regretfully. “Rachel and Hannah will be wondering where we are. /p>
“Souls go where they belong,” Death responded curtly. “You made a very dramatic sacrifice for your family and the world and saved billions of lives. Your soul belonged in Heaven, and so I brought you here. I am Death, Sam. There is nowhere in the universe that is off limits to me.”
He pushed away from the sink, moving to get a drink from the fridge. Orange juice or soda or something. Lisa had gotten him some beer when she went shopping, but he was trying to be good.
"Sure thing, kid." Dean said, relieved. "Your mom's having a nice night out, so we should at least get something good out of it, huh?" He dug around in the cutlery drawer, where Lisa kept the takeout menus. "What topping do you want?"
Ben had appeared in the doorway just as Dean was serving Jesse his dinner, curious as hell and hiding it badly. Dean had pulled him into the hallway and reassured him that everything was fine, that he knew Jesse and would explain everything later, but could he please give them a little privacy? He hadn't been happy about it, that much was clear, but he hadn't protested and had offered to call Lisa and let her know.
“It’s good to know you catch on quickly. They did tell me you were the smart one, certain inadvisable choices aside.” He didn’t offer anything more, so Sam licked his lips nervously and dared to ask,
Sam stared at her, wide eyed, and she softened.  “You owe Jess a real explanation, Sam. Forget the way you feel for a few minutes and focus on her, okay? And if she hates you, then we’ll deal with it.”
"The archangels lied to us," Samandriel cut in. He shrank back a little as the focus shifted to him, then visibly steeled himself and forged on. "None of us were told that they wanted the apocalypse. They threw us onto the front lines of a fight that they never wanted to win. They treated us like cannon fodder, when they weren't killing us themselves to keep us from questioning orders. We trusted them, and they betrayed us. We won't follow them any more." His voice weakened as he finished his speech, but Cas gave him an approving nod, and he flushed proudly.
Seriously, he planned on holding off on introducing those two. The phone call he’d had with Bobby and the conversations he’d been having with Lisa were way too similar for Dean’s comfort, though Bobby had sworn a whole lot more.
“What the hell am I even going to say to her? Sorry for lying to you about my entire life, sorry that a demon murdered you to manipulate me, I love you?” He pressed the heels of his hands against his eyes. “She’s going to hate me –“
“Don’t sweat it, dude. Its good to see you.” He cast his eyes out over the lake, squinting in the sunlight as it threw his freckles into sharp relief. “Am I dreaming?”
Dean exhaled, hands clenching into fists, shoulders rising. He wanted to punch something, that much was clear, was aching for some kind of violence to exorcise his turmoil on.
“Unless you have coffee, don’t talk to me.” She muttered at him. He grinned at her, just to wind her up, but obligingly handed the pot over. She groaned in ecstasy and poured herself a cup. Dean turned back to the stove and flipped the bacon, turning the hob with the eggs off so that they would stay warm without getting burnt.
Ben flashed a brilliant grin at him, and for all Dean had once seen himself in the kid, at that moment, all he could see was Sam, chubby-cheeked and innocent and hero-worshipping his big brother.
"I recovered," Cas said absently as he looked over the Roadhouse. The exterior glowed with the warding sigils he'd given to Ellen Harvelle. He was glad to see them in use. "Would you mind letting them know we're here? We can't enter the premises without permission."
“That’s what I thought.” Lisa cupped his chin in one hand and leaned forward to kiss his forehead. “So start small. Start with ‘not unhappy’. Anything more than that? You have time to figure out, Dean. I promise.”
"Thank you, Ellen," He responded gravely as he stepped inside. She huffed at him from the corner, wry smile curling across her face. The Roadhouse was the emptiest he'd ever seen it, even Ash and Jo absent from the room.
“I’m surprised you let him go so easy.” Lisa said neutrally. Dean peered over his shoulder at her, her elbows leant against the counter, and shook his head.
They stood on the smooth road outside the Roadhouse, right where the edges of Ash’s heaven blurred and wavered, ready to morph into someone else’s.
“And Ellen and Jo,” Cas confirmed. “William Harvelle, Victor Henriksen, Pamela Barnes. Many others. Your father is in heaven, but I understand that he is currently banished from any place that your mother is currently inhabiting.”
"Sure thing. What's up, Winchester?" He pushed the door open as he spoke, gesturing Sam out ahead of him.
Jess raised her eyebrows at him. “How about the beginning?” She suggested, slightly acerbic. Sam smiled at her, hopelessly fond.
"Okay," he exhaled. "Okay, so, uh - there's this kid, his name's Jesse. He's half demon - great kid!" He added hastily, seeing Lisa's alarmed expression. "Completely normal except for these crazy powers, but he's got control over them so no worries there, uh..." He scrubbed a hand through his hair. The middle of the night was not a good time for stuff like this. "Anyway, he came by, asked if all the shit with the shit was over, and, uh, I gave him the guest room." He finished lamely.
"I just went to visit the Roadhouse heaven, on your orders, Sir, and I noticed that everyone there seemed very excited, so I went in for a closer look, and Sam Winchester is there!"
"Not yet," Cas admitted. "I haven't had the chance to return to Earth since... well. But I intend to visit him as soon as my duties allow, and I will inform him of all that has happened."
A few feet away, Jo had been wiping up a spillage on one of the tables, and gave Sam a sympathetic hip-check as she walked past.
Finally, Jess pulled away, wiping at her nose with an undignified sniff. “Well, that sucked.” She said dryly through her stuffy nose, and startled a laugh out of Sam. She giggled at him, an octave too high to be normal.
He’d hugged Dean, of course. As soon as his brother had gasped his first free breath, they’d yanked each other close and choked out each other’s names, and reveled in the safety that they had only ever known with each other. But then everyone else had wanted hugs and Jack and Cas and Gabriel had needed to fix the lesser injuries that had been passed over earlier in favour of Claire’s broken neck and Mary’s gaping chest and Dean’s burnt out, shattered shell.
The door swung open, and Sam turned, his breath coming fast and shallow. Jess’ hand flew up to her mouth.
"Okay." She fiddled with her shoes, still hanging loosely from her hands. "I'm going to get some sleep, and you should try to do the same." She eyed the rumpled mess of blankets that Dean had created tossing and turning earlier. "We'll have a talk about Jesse in the morning. When he's around to speak for himself, I think." She stepped forward to press a kiss to Dean's forehead, the same way she did every night.
"Yeah, Sam was just asking how we managed to swing the multiple-heaven thing," Mary told him. He lit up, sliding neatly out from behind the bar, beer in hand, to perch on Sam's other side.
"He did look worried though," Ellen admitted, brow furrowing. "Stressed, like he had a lot going on."
However, away from their little group, Dean stood, tense and still and silent. Sam frowned a little; he knew the feeling of abruptly being yourself again, of walking away from being worn almost to shreds by something huge and bright and burning, and everything afterwards feeling unreal and lopsided, like being drunk and alone at five in the morning, the world left strange and liquid.
Stood on the green grass of the Braeden’s front lawn, Cas took a moment to breathe, to let the weight of command drop from his shoulders, if only for a while. He knew that he couldn’t stay long, that only the fact that he had important news justified his coming at all, but he couldn’t help but revel in the illusion of freedom.
“Lisa, Ben, this is Jesse, Jesse, this is Lisa and Ben,” Dean used his spatula to point between them all as they exchanged quiet ‘hello’s’ while he doled out eggs and bacon. “Here ya go,” He passed Lisa hers first, since it was her house and kitchen he’d accidentally taken over. Ben and Jesse got theirs at the same time, and Dean grabbed his own plate and sunk into the last chair. The four of them looked downright cozy sat around the table while daylight streamed through the cheerfully yellow blinds.
“Sure, bro.” Jack, being Jack, had taken this (supposed) confirmation with a beaming smile, and continued to idolize Claire, until she found her general irritation softening into heavily disguised fondness for his antics. Apparently, even she wasn’t immune to his unique brand of charm. In the quiet after the battle, they sat together against one of the trees not reduced to a smouldering stump, arms around each others shoulders, struggling to stay awake.
Claire had met this proclamation with skeptically raised eyebrows and a heavily sarcastic, although,for her, rather indulgent,
“I might be.” She told him, bristling. “I’m not sure yet. Give me a few minutes to decide, would you?” She jumped up from her chair and stormed out of the room, leaving Sam alone with his worry.
He looked - heavy was the only way Cas could think to describe it – like the weight of all his pain had seeped into his bones and become tangible, bearing him down towards the earth.
"Sam Winchester, get your butt over here!' Yelled Jo from where she, Pamela and Ash were holding court. "We need your Stanford education to settle a bet!"
Her eyebrows pulled down and she curled her arms around herself, hunching her shoulders. “How did we get here?”
“Sure, Cas. Go for it. God knows the two of us have worn the ‘are you okay after traumatic events’ talk to death. Maybe it’ll work better coming from someone new.” Cas pulled a bit of a face at that, as though to say he very much doubted it. But then he nodded, and, after a slight hesitation, strode purposefully away from the car. Sam’s smile turned a little knowing as he watched him go, but he turned his head to give them some privacy. Exasperatedly, he then rolled his eyes at Gabriel and Rowena whose competition had apparently graduated into seeing who could create the best dragon illusion.
It was funny, how quickly Dean had settled into a routine of domesticity while staying in Lisa and Ben’s house, and how much he enjoyed it. Making breakfast seemed like such a mundane thing, but it stopped his hands from shaking and chased away the remnants of his bad dreams. It felt good, plating up well-made food for people he cared about and watching them enjoy it.
"She, uh, got me this book," Dean scratched at his eyebrow, feeling small and dumb. "'Losing Loved Ones: The Five Stages Of Grief And How To Cope, or some shit like that. Said it helped her through her dad's death. And, you know, I figured it couldn't hurt, right?" He tried for a laugh, but it got mangled somewhere in his throat and came out closer to a sob.
"It said that, uh - reaching out was important. To friends and - and family. Something about support networks. So I - I called Bobby. And now I'm calling you. Which - I know you're busy, dude, I'm not expecting you to drop in just to listen to my crap, but, uh... You're kinda my best friend, these days. And, y'know, I... miss you." The admission was hard to make; not because it wasn't true, but because Dean had never been very good at saying genuine crap. Especially to angels who he'd epically screwed over and probably never wanted to see him again.
"Yeah, you can probably  make your own five-star hotel whenever you want," Dean grinned at him. "But sometimes you just want to be somewhere that has home-cooked meals every once in a while. I make a mean breakfast." He pushed his chair back and grabbed Jesse's plate, forcing himself to seem nonchalant so as not to spook the kid.
“Oh yeah, where was he during the apocalypse? Or before, even, when your bosses first decided to play  Frankenstein with me?”
"Cas!" He shouted, and jumped forward to pull Cas into a brief hug while he froze in shock. "Shit," Sam said, releasing him. "Sorry man, it's just - it's good to see you." His eyes flickered curiously over to Samandriel.
"No, I'm fine." Jesse said quickly, but he cast a slightly longing look around the clearly lived-in kitchen.
Letting out the breath that he’d been holding since he’d decided to question the most powerful being he’d ever met, Sam laughed shakily to himself and started down the road towards whoever was waiting for him at the end.
“Yeah, well, demons and angels you can stab,” Dean told her, eyeing the door longingly. Lisa looked unimpressed.
"Castiel!" The door flew open, making all three occupants of the room jump. "Sorry, Sir, Ma'am, Ma'am," Gasped Samandriel. Castiel felt fondness well up inside him.
Footsteps in the doorway made him look up. She looked back, pale but calm, hair pulled back in a neat ponytail.
Going by Jesse’s expression, he could have asked for a purple elephant and it would have been less weird, but he just nodded awkwardly and ducked out of the door instead of protesting, so Dean counted it as a win.
"Shit." Sam concluded, dread sinking icy claws into his gut. Mary and Ellen both nodded in agreement, eyes serious. "That is definitely not a good thing."
A few hours later, once breakfast had been eaten and cleared away, and Ben had been bundled off to school, Lisa cornered Dean in the living room and requested that they ‘talk,’ which was one of the few words that could strike true fear into Dean Winchester’s heart. It must have shown on his face, because Lisa had the audacity to giggle at him.
"Since you're here anyway," she'd said breezily, while Dean tried to convey how very not-qualified for childcare he was at her through expression alone. All she'd done was smirk at him, sadistically amused by his distress.
Jack was the main reason that they were all still breathing; in the hectic chase after Michael and Dean those last few months, every single one of them had died or been injured. Gabriel had been pulled out of the Empty before the hunt for Michael had even properly begun (the first of the angels to be resurrected by Jack, followed later by a dozen more).
"Oh yeah," he said enthusiastically. "Totally off-regulation, right? The big bosses had this whole, keep-em-seperate policy, don't ask me why 'cause I'm not sure,
"Hey, uh," He stopped. Forged onwards. "If - if there's anything I can do for you? Just say the word, man, I'll be there, okay? Just because I'm out of the game doesn't mean I can't play. Even... even if you just need someone to talk to. I mean, turnabout's fair play, huh?" He slumped, rolled his eyes at himself. "Okay. Offer's there. If you need it. Take care of yourself, Cas."
“Urgh, I’m a mess,” she grimaced, running her hands through her hair, then glanced up at Sam and paused. “Wait, no, you look worse.”
"Or he succeeds on regaining control of heaven and, using the full force of the Host, projects himself backwards in time to prevent Sam from succeeding in his plan to prevent the apocalypse." Cas finished grimly. Everyone stared at him in horror.
“See you on the other side, I guess,” He told her, then took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and stepped forward.
Jody was hovering near to her daughter, flinching every time she caught sight of the blood still staining her hair, while Donna had started cheerfully handing around mugs of soup that she had brought in the largest thermos that Sam had seen in his life. Every so often, Donna would glance over at Cas or Rowena, who were staring down at the eye-wateringly fluorescent cups in their hands, and break into quiet giggles at the bewildered(Cas) and disgusted(Rowena) looks on their faces.
It still seemed ridiculous to Dean, that this being, this millennia old force of nature who had seen him broken and twisted and shattered, who had betrayed and been betrayed by him, who had sacrificed everything he had ever known, who had been broken just as much and reduced to something so much less than what he should be, all because of an insignificant, useless human, could still be so grieved by his loss that it took a physical toll.
Sam sat on a barstool, half-drunk beer in front of him, watching Ellen and Jo tag team the rowdy locals celebrating the end of doomsday. Dozens of familiar faces had swung by to clap Sam on the shoulder, to ruffle his hair, to grin at him and welcome him back. Ellen had kissed both his cheeks and Jo had lept into his arms and clung like a koala, yelling,
“Um,” he swallowed around the razor-sharp lump in his throat. “Nothing, I just… I’m really happy to see you, Jess.”
He dissolved into incoherent apologies, choking on them, trying to get all of them out at once and breaking down into sobs, years worth of regret all pouring out of him at once. Distantly, he registered a scraping noise, the sound of a chair being dragged closer, and a warm set of arms curled around him, pulling him into a familiar embrace, and he sobbed harder, hating himself for needing to be comforted when he was meant to be comforting her.
“Um… thank you, ma’am.” He said softly. Lisa gave him a small nod, but dropped it, to his visible relief.
"Nah, kid," Dean had said quietly, glancing over his shoulder at where Jesse was doing a good job of pretending not to eavesdrop. "She'll be home soon enough, I'll tell her then, okay?" Thankfully, Ben had accepted this with a small shrug, and vanished up to his room.
Returning to Earth felt strange. Cas had spent so much time here in the last year, searching and fighting and falling slowly into humanity that it felt odd to return fully powered and with heavenly purpose once more. Cas didn’t miss the uncertainty that had plagued his actions on the side of the Winchesters, but there had been a sort of freedom to it, to be beholden only to a few humans who would ask rather than order, who saw him as an equal.
"No rest for the wicked, huh?" Ash asked, with a cheeky smile that died before it could reach his eyes. Sam had a sinking feeling that Ash's words were about to become a contender for 'understatement of the century.' Death's quip about him still needing luck was beginning to make a whole lot more sense.
Distraction or punishments or twisted entertainment when he got too loud or too annoying or too quiet.  Although they had never felt this real, he still couldn’t quite trust it. Story of his fucking life, right? The corner of his mouth twitched in a parody of amusement; the first movement he had made in almost fifteen minutes. There was still a voice in his head, hissing that none of this was real, that he was deluding himself, that he should
Lisa stuck her head through the doorframe, then drew back into the kitchen, meeting Dean’s eyes with a stunned expression.
Cas found himself smiling involuntarily at them, relieved that at least some of his news had been received well. Outside the peaceful walls of the Roadhouse heaven, he could sense his brother’s and sisters hard at work, and he knew that it was time for him to return to his post.
Dean froze, glass poised halfway between the table and his mouth. Christ, this kid. It was ridiculous to be so fond of someone you'd spent less that two weeks with, total, wasn't it?
Cas sat back in his chair, mind spinning. Sam Winchester's fate had been a source of great sadness for Castiel. The man had been a true friend to him, offering advice and reassurance, a sympathetic ear when the weight of the world threatened to come down and crush them all. That he might be able to see him once more - convey his freedom from Lucifer's control to Dean, to lessen some of his suffering on Earth - it was the first truly good news that Cas had recieved since returning to heaven. He stood.
She made a series of incomprehensible sputtering noises, hands waving erratically.  “The Devil, Sam! God! You actually had God directly involved in your life! That is…”
“Yes you can,” Mary said, face long-suffering the way it had been since the third time she’d had to repeat herself. “Stop overthinking it.”
His heart in his mouth, Sam stepped up to the front door and rang the doorbell. As he waited, he let his eyes wander, catching on the porch swing with the knitted blanket, the well-pruned oak tree with the swing hanging from the branches, the bird feeder with a robin perched on it, chirping happily. It was almost obscenely idyllic, just like everything else in heaven. All the good things you remembered taken and enhanced, turned into the perfect cage.
"Are you really friends with an angel?" Ben asked curiously. Dean blinked at him, nonplussed by the question.
“Okay, kid,” Dean said, leaning forward to pick up his plate. “Stay safe out there, alright? And feel free to swing by if you end up in the same neighborhood as me, okay? Give me a little peace of mind.”
"It was right after that that I started reaching out, y'know, to other hunters that had kicked it, people that I knew, some that you knew, some family members that had a clue about the buisness."
The Roadhouse door had always had a very specific creak. The kind that started deep and pitched higher as the door swung open, before petering out at the end.
Jody and Donna were there too of course, although the rest of the Sioux Falls gang had stayed behind at the bunker with Bobby and the newly resurrected angels who had not decided to return to heaven. They were intended as the backup for when the mission almost inevitably went to hell in a Winchester patented hand basket.
Sam got to his feet, eyeing him warily. The sun shining through the trees caught on the man’s ring, glinting dully off the white stone set within, and understanding sank like a stone in Sam’s gut.
“Stop looking at me like that.” She snapped. “You just dropped a huge amount of information on me, and I fully intend to process it on my own terms. So you-“ She jabbed a finger into his chest, “- quit looking at me like I’m doing mental breakdowns wrong.”
Cas said nothing. There was nothing he could say. Instead, he waited patiently, for Dean to sort through his turmoil on his own, to see the answers that he would refuse coming from anyone else. Pain, Cas had learned, made humans irrational. Made angels irrational, too, he thought, recalling every brother and sister he had seen descend into revenge and despair in the absence of their Father.
At that moment , Jack was blinking sleepily with his head resting on Claire’s shoulder. The two of them made an unlikely pair - her all biting sarcasm and spiky personality and him with his endless optimism and enthusiasm. When they first met, Jack had managed a remarkable resemblance to a baby duck; following Claire around with an awestruck expression, and, once he had gathered up the courage to speak actual words to her, theorizing in that odd, sincere way of his that since Castiel was both sort of his father and sort of her father that they were basically brother and sister.
“Suit yourself!” She popped the second half into her mouth and savored it. After swallowing it down, she spoke again. “I suppose you’re wondering what your birthday gift is.”
Dean let it wash over him, he laid on his back with Cas above him and wrapped arms around the pilot’s waist. Somehow everything about Cas felt pure, kind and phenomenally reassuring. Dean didn’t even know where this anxiety came from, maybe the fact that everything was going so well, maybe because Cas was going very far away. Getting to Chicago, Dean could do. Hawaii? He had no idea where to even begin. This felt like it might be the last time they would be together for a long while. Who knew how long Cas would be stuck training new kids?
Dean’s eyes watched that expression change, his professional mask starting to crack under Dean’s charms. He casually responded, “Me, I’m just an infantryman, nothing special there. But I do alright for myself.”
“Cas!” She said and hurried over to him. He held out both arms and pulled her into a warm embrace when she was near.
“I am... I think so.” Cas felt serious about Dean, he felt light hearted at just the thought of him, but saying it out loud seemed like a big commitment.
“Mail call!” The clerk shouted as he walked through the barracks, canvas bag slung over his shoulder and wide open. “Haul in!” The men all gathered near to receive their letters from friends and loved ones, Dean amongst them. His little brother, Sam, always wrote him letters, letting him know how things were going back at home and with school. This would be the first one he received at his new station.
“There are several on the lake, that one is rather popular, though.” Safe again from public eye, this time Castiel took Dean’s hand, stroking the back of it with his thumb as they strolled northward. They passed harbors and parks, strayed away from and back towards Lake Shore Drive. There were great landscaped areas and centers for recreation as well as areas where not a soul was in sight. Dean wasn’t exactly reclusive, but he preferred the times when there was no one around them. Call him selfish, but he wanted Cas to himself as much as possible.
“Iceland, Australia or right next door, it feels closer to home when you know your fellow men died out there. Sailors or pilots, we are all in this together.”
“I’ll see you again, sometime soon.” He cupped Dean’s cheek one last time and forced a smile as he stood from the edge of the bed.
Page hummed in thought, stroking his chin, “I thought he only made his break around ‘30 or so. Must have been an early one.”
Hitching one of Castiel’s legs up over his shoulder and urging the other leg to the side, Dean settled on his knees between them as he started to bob his head, taking Castiel’s cock into his mouth over and over again. He kept one hand wrapped possessively around the thigh at his shoulder and the other hand pressed against Cas’s pelvis, holding him against the bed.
Benny patted him on the shoulder once he got there, then abandoned him with the girl. Dean gave a half hearted chuckle-smile combination that just reeked of awkwardness. The girl must have seen he wasn’t sure what to do and took pity on him.
“Then you’re heading back?” Sam was fishing for something here and Dean turned off the water and dried his hands and face before answering.
Castiel shrugged. “The point is, I think we’re waiting for a reason that hasn’t presented itself just yet.”
“Nah, not yet. You’ve still got some fight left in you.” Dean grinned. John might give him a hard time and might ask too much of him, but he was still Dean’s dad and still his hero in a lot of ways.
Dean caught sight of the girl Ash was pointing out and cleared his throat. One day while the trio was talking about girls, Dean blurted out that he liked dark hair; he was picturing Cas at the time, of course. “Yeah, uhm, guess I do.”
“Alright, brother.” Benny conceded, as well. They all fell silent for a moment to listen and sip their drinks, then Benny spoke up again. “My Andrea and I could really cut a rug.”
Cas took a deep breath as his plane was attached to the catapult. With one hand on the control stick and one on the crank, he watched for the signal. All at once the plane pushed off at a high speed, he accelerated the engine, kept his eyes ahead and once his wheels left the deck, he pulled up and began cranking the landing gear up into the fuselage. With a clenched jaw, he did his best to keep the plane from wobbling too much and nearly thirty rotations of the crank later, the gear was set.
“And you can thank the Lake Effect for that, come along,” Castiel nodded down the street in the direction from which Dean had come. “The club is a few blocks this way.”
“Yes, pie for everyone,” Mary laughed, taking Dean’s plate away and dishing out pie for her boys. They spent the rest of the evening chatting about things that were going on around town. Mary talked about the girls who would ask after him that she ran into around town. Sam updated him on any of their mutual friends that he kept up with. John kept quiet, meanwhile, returning to his paper. At the end of the night, Dean went to his room, glad of the comfort of his more familiar bed and the peace of a room to himself. Barely ten minutes had passed since he laid down before Dean was fast asleep.
“I’ll be sure to keep an eye out for news reports of a wayward girl on a crime spree in Kansas City or Topeka,” Dean teased.
Day in and day out, training continued for Dean. He lived by a hard regiment, waking before dawn, running, exercising, learning about the different weapons they would be using in combat. The troops did drill after drill, following commands. In a way, it was like being on a sports team, learning plays to use against the opposition. Only in this game, the opposition had guns and wanted to kill you.
As they walked out of the theater, Dean excitedly spoke of his favorite parts in the film, torn between one of the duels and the grand escape at the end. Castiel laughed at him and just shook his head.
“What makes you think I’ll give it up?” Dean teased, sliding his hands down to Castiel’s shoulders and pushing him down onto the bed. He arched his back and began riding Castiel harder, causing the pilot to moan out.
“If you’re game for it, I know a good blues club we could go to. It’s a short cab ride from the hotel and some really talented fellows perform there.”
“Write... Come on, every military man likes getting letters, right? My little brother, he sends me them.”
He wondered it, nonetheless. He did love Dean, and he wondered if Dean loved him. Perhaps Dean wondered the same thing of Cas; he certainly never said the words out loud to the younger man. As far as gestures and expressions and the way they touched one another could be trusted, Cas thought it was possible that their feelings for each other were the same. He wouldn’t know for sure until either of them found the words to say it.
It was Thursday evening and Dean was leaving town in the morning. Mary arranged for a nice dinner to see him off. Sam invited Jessica to join them for dinner, so Dean could see her one more time. She was over early, helping Mary in the kitchen while the men sat idly talking in the den. When dinner was ready, Sam helped Jess set the table and they all gathered to eat.
“It is nice to have so much time with Anna, but it’s not exactly pleasant here.” Cas gave a humorless laugh through the telephone.
The hug surprised him, in a pleasant way, and he returned it, laughing at her latter compliment. “Thank you.”
“Jess, Sammy, I’d like to introduce you to my friend, Cas.” Dean gestured to Cas as the pair of them neared.
Novak was quiet for a moment. He swirled his drink around, the ice clinking against the glass. When he came to a decision, he gave a small nod, “I could show you.”
The line that stood out most to Dean was, “When you're in my arms and I feel you so close to me, all my wildest dreams came true.”
They didn’t need to rush; nothing was about to end. For now, they had all the time in the world to learn each other, the taste and scent and feel of each other’s bodies, and they were going to make the most of it. Castiel slid his hand up to Dean’s neck, his fingers catching on the chain of Dean’s dogtags, tugging it up a little. When Dean broke their slow kiss, he trailed his lips down Castiel’s jaw and to his neck, causing the pilot to tilt his head back, eyes still closed, and heave a broken sigh of want.
Cas laughed and the look on his face was exactly what Dean wanted to see. He was happy, relaxed and amused, this was the Cas that Dean wanted to remember before they parted ways. “How could I forget Ginger? Oh! No, Dean, I’ve got the perfect answer...”
He shoved the man aside, just enough to push him out of the way, as tendrils of black ooze encircled him. The two made eye contact- all Cas could do was smile, now at peace, as the Empty took him and his vision faded to black.
"Yeah. The Empty will be waiting for you to experience a moment of true happiness. It's not that hard. True happiness isn't something people find easily even when they're looking for it. Maybe it's a cold beer on top of a mountain or raising a bunch of kids or standing on a beach, watching the sunset with someone. I dunno. I don't have any real experience with happiness. Regardless, you don't have to go to the Empty. Always leave something that you want, and never get it. Something that you want to do? Never do it. I can't say it'd be great, but you can still be happy. Isn't that better?"
Castiel was devastated. Thousands upon thousands of years he had existed, but not once had he ever known this feeling. The feeling of having your best friend and crush totally reject you at your most vulnerable. He fell to his knees.
He waited for The Empty to take him. He wanted it to take him. But it didn't come. He'd thought it would. Happiness was in the being. Was in just saying it. But he wasn't happy. He'd just poured his heart out to Dean, only to be told that he wasn't interested in a relationship. He hadn't even meant it romantically- not entirely. He loved Dean, would always love Dean, but this wasn't about how he wanted to hold Dean's hand and kiss him under the moonlight. This was about how Dean meant the world to him, how Dean was the reason he cared.
"I know... I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. You're destructive, you're angry and you're broken, you're- you're Daddy's blunt instrument, and you think that... hate, and anger, that's what drives you, that's who you are. It's not, and everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done- the good and the bad- you have done for love. You raise your little brother for love, you fought for this whole world for love. That is who you are. You're the most caring man on Earth, you're the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know. You know, ever since we met, ever since I pulled you out of hell, knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam, I cared about Jack. But I cared about the whole world because of you. You changed me, Dean."
The background noises stopped. There were no slimy tendrils, or sounds of slimy tendrils. Any suggestion of slimy tendrils was completely gone. No more. I have no context for what the reaper making the banging noises were, so those can stay.
Castiel chuckled and it made Dean’s heart feel huge in his chest. No one had this kind of effect on Dean and he was glad that, of all people, Cas was the one who did. They finished dinner, each ate a small dessert with a nightcap drink to go with it, paid for their meal and wandered out of the restaurant. On the street, they caught a cab and made way to the blues house Castiel knew. The cab driver questioned them on the location, as it was in a known colored part of town. Though race relations in Chicago were better than in some other places in America, there was still prejudice. With a slight glare, Castiel confirmed where they were going and the driver pulled out into the street to take them there.
The room was large and yet still crowded with people. Men and women were dressed nicely, some looked like they were still in their church clothes. It was a little more upscale and, as a result, less intimate than the first blues club they went to back in January. Castiel wove his way through the people to take a seat at a small table as close to the stage as was available. The man up on stage was just finishing his performance as they sat and a man walked up to the large microphone.
Anyway, they end up talking all together in a group and probably Dean’s friends meet up with them and they all drink or something. Then by night, Dean and Cas steal away to a hotel room to consummate the fact that they’re both still alive. And probably completely in love.
“I wouldn’t mind living in a town like Lawrence... maybe after I leave the Navy. Or whenever I buy a place of my own to call home. Nowhere has felt truly like home before, except when I’m with Anna.”
“Sam, yes, he’s told me about you.” Cas chuckled softly, not sure what to say or even what he was doing.
She shrugged, looking bashful for once. “It isn’t much but I thought you might appreciate the effort. And hey, maybe you’ll get a change soon.”
He looked over at Cas and saw that the man was mostly dressed now, but his tie was askew. Dean stood before him and fixed the tie, tightening the knot and straightening the front of it. “There.”
“It’s good to see you,” Cas spoke against Dean’s ear. They held each other for as long as would go unnoticed. Men hugged often, especially in greeting after a long while apart. The fact that Cas was dressed in uniform surely helped, giving proof that he had most likely traveled from far away to be here.
“I see,” Cas nodded, wondering if trying to balance John’s questions against Mary’s wishes would be a challenge. “Please, ask what you want to know. And you’re all welcome to call me Cas.”
Unfortunately, all the festivities of the day were marred by more bad news. They weren’t going to get out of October without another casualty of war. Near Iceland again, another US destroyer was attacked, the
“So tell me how things are going for you?” Anna set her napkin in her lap while they waited for their meals.
During the attack, Dean’s unit is fighting on ground and Cas’s squad is supporting them from the air. Crazy battle ensues. The Allies win the fight. Afterwards, when medics are helping people and the battlefield clears, I think Benny gets injured and Dean is with him for a bit. I’m a bit fuzzy on those details.
“I-- He’s...” Dean flustered and clenched his teeth for a moment. “I’m not gonna-- He’s nice to be around, okay? He’s good looking and kinda different.”
They walked into the rink, already full of people, young and old, skating around with bright smiles on their faces. Men wore summer suits and women had on colorful dresses. Music rang through the large pipe Wurlitzer above the rink, played by a woman on an organ in a booth off to the side.
Cas opened his mouth, trying to find the words to respond, then closed it again when everything he thought to say just sounded foolish. Eventually he looked away. “It isn’t that I doubt Dean is fully capable of caring for someone. It seems clear that he enjoys being with me and I certainly enjoy being with him.”
Cas nodded solemnly. “It was a defensive strike. They were picking up men adrift after the u-boat sunk a Dutch cargo ship. The Germans were preparing to attack when we fired at them first.”
Rubbing his hands against his slacks, Dean cleared his throat and moved to answer the door. There was Castiel, standing in the hall and smiling. He had a garment bag in hand and wore a suit similar to Dean’s, except his jacket was on, despite the heat.
“True,” Cas nodded and considered that for a moment. “I’ve lived in so many places now... Naval bases are as close to home as where I grew up. Or the
“Cas, I...” He looked up to the other man’s eyes then and when he saw the expression there, words failed him again.
“Nonsense.” Ash waved him off and began checking the playing field for a target. When he settled on one, he grinned and hooked an arm around Dean’s shoulders. Using the hand that still held his beer glass, Ash pointed out a young woman with short, dark hair, done up in neat waves. She was wearing a purple dress and bouncing to the music, a little smile on her face. While she clearly enjoyed the tune being played, she didn’t have a dance partner. “There. Her. You said you like dark hair, right?”
“I’m going to be so spoiled when I have to go back to the barracks.” He combed his fingers through Cas’ hair, straightening it a bit. “I won’t get to wake up next to a gorgeous guy anymore.”
Dean glanced at Castiel’s tongue, then back up to his blue eyes, mischief dancing in his own, “Oh, it’s my pleasure.”
“Not just yet, we’re going to the pier first.” With that, Castiel started them south, the wind off the lake ruffling their clothes and sending Cas’s tie fluttering over his right shoulder. Dean smiled again and jogged a couple steps to catch up. He kept his hands in his pockets, but occasionally bumped his shoulder into Castiel’s. Compared to the city streets, the trail was empty and they could walk alone for now.
“Tonight and tomorrow. I leave first thing the next morning. Had to hit the Aragon while I was in town, sort of a necessity.”
Hi, I know you'll probably never see this, but I read A&A months ago and it's been eating away at me that I never knew exactly how it ended. If you know how you wanted to end the story, I'd love to know. Thanks and hope hope you're doing well
Sam laughed as well, holding up his hands in surrender. “Alright, alright. I’ll just tell him when you’re not around and swear him to secrecy.”
The three of them remained at the table together, talking and commenting on the reception for most of the evening, until it was time for the wedded couple to say their goodbyes and drive off. Their car had been decorated with cans attached to strings and a sign of painted cardboard that read “Just Married” on the back. Cas had never seen that sort of thing in person before, only in the cinema. The weddings he typically went to were much more reserved than this one.
At the counter was a scrawny looking guy with mousey features and messy hair. What he lacked in appearance he made up for with a big, goofy smile as he greeted Dean.
“Yes, a Lieutenant. It’s roughly the Naval equivalent to an Army Captain. All pilots in the Navy are officers. And, well, we don’t use the rank of Captain in the same way as the Army to avoid confusion with the ship’s Captain, who ranks significantly higher.”
So they walked in silence, returned home in silence, and made their way to Dean’s bedroom in silence.
“I’m alright with that.” Dean kissed Cas once more, then pulled back to look at the man’s face. “You okay?”
“You should show her she’s wrong by proving yourself right. Because maybe once she sees it can be done, she will finally believe it.”
Castiel paid for the meal and, deciding it was too hot now to walk through town, he also paid for a cab to take them back to the hotel. They probably could have managed, but they were on leave and had no cause to push themselves and drench their suits in sweat. Back in their room, Dean shrugged out of his jacket immediately, laying it on the bed they weren’t using and walked straight to the window, throwing it open. Their room had no fan, so the breeze through the curtains would have to suffice. He turned back to find Cas tugging his tie loose and pulling it over his head to toss onto the bed beside both their jackets.
“Hey,” he patted Dean on the back of the shoulder. “You don’t have to worry, I’ll be back to my boring training soon. Nothing happens there.” Cas chuckled, just for good measure and to try and lighten the mood that suddenly befell Dean. Maybe the man returned Cas’s feelings more than he knew.
Castiel smiled and looked down at the table. “No, not particularly.” He looked back up to Dean, catching his eyes. “I think I prefer our method of worship.”
They stayed like that, comfortable in each other’s arms until they found the energy to undress just before falling asleep.
Cas laughed again, “I can’t make any promises there.” He squeezed Dean’s shoulder, then let his hand fall away.
“How on earth could you doubt that he’s serious about you?” She threw her arms up in the air, a bewildered look on her face.
“No, just on the ship. Carriers have just about everything you need on them, including doctors, dentists, barbers. We even have a small shop or two with petty things like candy and cigarettes.”
Dean stroked a hand over Cas’s back as he rode his own climax out. They were both sweaty and out of breath when they finally laid back down. Dean carefully lifted himself up, off of Cas and settled back down at his side. His legs felt weak and wobbly and his arms heavy, but Dean felt better than he had in years.
The train came into the station early and Castiel stepped out onto the street just before 7:00. He shoved his hands into the pockets of his trenchcoat and glanced up and down the street for Dean. It was bitter cold and the wind whipped around him, but Castiel felt warm. A little smile played on his lips as he waited. It had been a long time since he had done anything like this, it wasn’t his typical activity, but Dean had an air about him that made Castiel want to see him again.
“I don’t believe that. Sam is certainly very bright. He got into law school, but you’re no fool, Dean.”
When Castiel opened his eyes, orange light of the setting sun and the slight grumbling of his stomach told him it must be mid evening. He stretched his back and lifted his head, accidentally bumping Dean’s as he did so. The soldier let out a muffled and confused sound as he lifted his head.
“Good! Yeah, real good, actually. I got to relax for the first time in forever,” Dean chuckled. “I got a little stir crazy, but there are worse things.”
Slow and sure, Dean sank down onto Cas, letting the other man fill him bit by bit. It took a few passes, going deeper each time until Cas was buried to the hilt. Both of them let out a sigh mixed with a groan and Dean finally opened his eyes. He looked down at Cas beneath him and liked what he saw.
The first line caught Cas off guard, and he thought, surely, Dean wasn’t being intentional with his message. The line said “Stars shining bright above you, night breezes seem to whisper I love you.” They hadn’t said such a thing out loud to one another, or even began to discuss it. He listened on and discovered the rest of the song had more of the message that Cas had expected. Lines like, “While I’m alone as blue as can be, dream a little dream of me.” Or, “Stars fading but I linger on dear, still craving your kiss.”
She brought both hands up to cover her mouth as she gasped. Then she leaned forward, pressing her hands on the tabletop in her excitement. “Who? Tell me all about it!”
I am very, very sorry that it took so many months to update this fic! Life got away from me and made writing very difficult. I won't bog you down with too many notes and let you get straight to it. I just wanted to say I'm sorry! And thank you for not giving up on this fic! I will keep on writing it, no matter how long it takes to finish!
“Yeah, well, you gotta appreciate a good song when you hear one.” Dean shrugged, glancing back to Castiel. “Don’t you?”
There was a beat of silence before Anna answered, “I thought I would take the train up by myself. It would be nice, you know, just the two of us.”
Lifting himself up, Castiel looked down into Dean’s face, studying the look on it. He seemed bewildered, content, happy. Dean’s eyes, such a bright green in the mid-morning light, were beautiful and honest. Not having any words of his own, Castiel leaned in and pressed a soft, slow kiss to Dean’s lips. There was no tongue, no hunger, just pure adoration. The sound Dean made was close to a whimper and Castiel smiled. As he pulled away, he brushed his nose against Dean’s and laughed. “You bring something out in me.”
Dean listened closely to what Cas was saying, and he thought he understood the message. “Yeah, yeah, I kinda like that. So, the way I sing off key, the way you steal my hat, the way we ... talk til three,” Dean smirked at Cas, who smiled back. “No one can take that away from us, huh?”
“I’d rather be drinking a beer while I do the crossword.” He saluted with his glass and the others laughed. “Now. Down to business. Dean, we gotta find you a gal to dance with.”
Dean laughed at that cocky response. Just then the music changed, the upbeat swing songs were replaced by a slower, smoother dance. Dean recognized it as “Moonlight Serenade,” a cheesy song for lovers to sway on a dance floor. Men led their ladies out onto the floor with flourishes and pulled them close in their arms and Dean frowned impassively at them all. A couple of girls stood nearby, giggling and giving each other little pushes towards the small group of military men. They were pretty things, but Dean didn’t like where this was going. He cast a glance at Novak, who seemed oblivious.
Tessa laughed again and shook her head. She reached out and set a hand on his shoulder. “If you’ve got a sweetheart somewhere that those boys just don’t know about, I understand. You don’t have to explain to them, or to me, but in my experience? They’re not likely to give up on making you dance with someone unless they get an excuse. So. Dance with me and avoid explaining things to them. Everyone wins.”
“Sure,” He nodded and she found the record and put it on. After listening to it the whole way through, Cas found he agreed with her about the choice. “Yes, this is perfect.”
“More like I’d have to keep them from stealing it for themselves.” Dean smirked and met Castiel’s eyes in the mirror.
All eyes turned to Cas, who was, in fact, smiling at Inias, he gave a nod. “Anything is better than those bi-wing planes.”
“Take note for next time.” Cas reached up a hand to cup Dean’s cheek, leaned in and kissed him, then climbed out of bed. He fixed the buttons on his shirt and tucked it back in, pulling his suspenders back on. “Dinner?”
“I like the way you think, Cas,” Dean pointed, then followed suit to roll up his own shirt sleeves. They both untucked their shirts, shrugged out of suspenders and toed off their shoes. While Castiel undid only the top few buttons on his shirt, Dean let his hang open, so only his undershirt covered his chest.
“You’re welcome, and you can have pie once you’ve eaten.” Mary kissed the top of Dean’s head, then went about cleaning the kitchen.
Cas looked up at him with half-lidded eyes, a small grin on his lips. “We’ve waited so long for this...” He bucked his hips up slightly.
“You love me and you know it.” Gabe rolled his eyes and then turned to look at the planes. He took a deep breath and sighed. “Can’t wait to get up in these babies...”
“Alright,” Dean followed in step with Castiel, walking beside him and no more than half a step behind. “This a good place?”
“And now, a special report on the war. On this day, exactly one year since Poland surrendered to Nazi Germany in Warsaw, the nations of Germany, Italy and Japan gathered together to sign a pact now known to us as the Tripartite Pact. Minister Joachim von Ribbentrop, representative from Germany, Foreign Minister Count Galeazzo Ciano of Italy and Ambassador Saburo Kurusu of Japan signed the pact for their respective countries. Also in attendance, Foreign Minister Count Stephen Csáky, signing on behalf of Hungary. It is reported that Adolf Hitler was not present at the meeting.
“It may be cold and rainy here, we may have to share with twenty other guys, but at least there’s room to breathe. And no chance of our beds sinking in the night.” Ash said. “I’m sure your friend is used to it, but me? I’ll take dry land any day.”
Cas’s laugh came across the line and made Dean smile. “Yes, a way in which my sister and I will probably both disappoint our parents, at this rate.”
“Planes are perfectly safe if you have a good pilot,” Novak grinned. “And if all else fails, there’s always the parachute.”
The air was cool and crisp, the sun was bright up in the blue sky, it was a perfect winter day. No snow had fallen just yet, but the town was decorated for Christmas. Wreaths covered doors, a few people had garland hung around the door frames. Large red bows could be seen decorating mailboxes. As he got into the part of town with all the shops, Dean saw garland stretched across the road and wires with big, decorative bells hanging from them. Inside shops, radios were turned on to play Christmas music, by the likes of Bing Crosby, Benny Goodman and Ozzie Nelson.
Dean’s chest felt tight at the thought that Cas nearly came down to visit. He didn’t know what he would have done with himself had Cas shown up at his door. Or called from the bus stop up the road. He quickly shook his head out of his daydreams and remembered to respond, “Too bad. We will have to find some other excuse to get you out here. Maybe for the wedding.”
“Me too, Dean.” They fell silent and closed their eyes, eventually drifting off to sleep to the gentle sound of each other’s even breathing. This is what peace felt like, Cas decided before his mind fell to unconscious sleep.
“She’s doing just fine, business is good and daddy had the flu, but he’s better now. I’m sure your mom will have heard that he was sick. You know how word travels here.”
Over the next two months, Dean and Castiel continued sending letters, describing their time on base, the people they met, their lives in service. Dean tried to memorize as much of the information about Castiel’s as he could, the color of the planes and the names, Red Rippers and the
“Thanks, Dad.” Dean had to smile, it wasn’t often he got compliments from his dad, but when he did, he knew the man meant what he said.
With a laugh at that comment, Cas let the subject drop, especially because Dean peeked one eye open and smiled when he laughed. Then Dean hugged his arms a little tighter around Cas, pulling him in. They were already all wound up in each other, but being a little bit closer was nice, all the same.
They found a table off to the side with a good view of the musician. A waitress came to take their order for drinks and the pair of men settled in to listen. Dean watched the stage as Castiel watched him; he seemed to truly savor the music. At the Aragon, Dean had always nodded in time with the beat or tapped his foot.
They finally made their way to bed and stopped at the edge of it. Dean had a full size bed in his small room. The cot was slim and low to the ground, placed just on the other side of the bed from the door; it would likely go unused for Cas’s entire stay. While the bed might be a tight fit, there was no way they would miss the opportunity to sleep together. Yet, they paused now, despite their apparent need for each other.
The laugh Dean let out was gruff and throaty. “Because you’re so very much older than me... Now give me something more than your fingers.”
“Yes!” Cas beamed a smile. “It is wonderful to not have biplanes anymore. Not that I get to go back to sea for a bit.”
“Go right ahead. The player is right there.” She pointed to a small table with a phonograph placed on it.
Dean’s hands busied themselves with getting Castiel out of his shirt, so he could have more skin to touch and taste. As he stripped Castiel of one more layer, Dean spread his hands across Castiel’s chest and down to the hem of his undershirt. He slipped his fingers under and slowly pulled it up and off, causing Cas’s perfectly combed hair to dishevel a little. Castiel was tanned, his chest and arms made of lean muscles and his stomach was smooth. His own dogtags hung at the center of his chest. It took a moment for Dean to realize he was staring, but when he looked up he caught Castiel grinning at him.
“A tiger, more like,” He said, tugging at a lock of her hair and she batted his hand away. They arrived at Emmanuel’s and dropped the conversation as they were seated at a table and placed their orders.
“Anyway, everyone is busy wondering about whether we’re going to get shipped out one of these days. Now that that pact was signed and Germany, Italy and Japan are being called the Axis Powers--”
For the past two months, they had sent each other letters filled with hidden messages. They found ways around words to say that they missed one another and sent shockingly romantic songs back and forth. Lust was a thing Cas had been familiar with -- attraction, physical need -- but love was a whole new game. Actual, genuine love. It made his heart feel heavy and it made his stomach do the strangest things.
Just because Dean still cared for Cas, though, didn’t mean that the feelings remained mutual, and if Dean didn’t do anything to maintain those feelings -- like sending letters in reply to the ones he received -- then there was no guarantee that he would keep the man. It was Thursday now, and Dean resolved to write to Cas on Friday, after training. No more delaying. With that on his mind, he stopped by the fort’s mailroom on his way back to the barracks. Sure enough, there was mail for him from the
The other man was breathing deeply, hands clenched on Dean’s thigh and hip. His mouth was open, and blue eyes were half closed as he looked back at Dean with lust.
“After that, you’re on your own.” Ash grinned. “We’re your friends, but we’re just as broke as you are!”
Dean chewed his lip and gave a small nod. They both fell silent after that. The silence was filled with all the unspoken words they both had for each other. The things they weren’t allowed to say or were too scared to say. In some ways, not being allowed to be open about their feelings for one another made avoiding difficult declarations easier. If Cas wasn’t allowed to say he loved Dean, he didn’t have to worry about whether Dean would say it back.
There, they quietly undressed, climbed into Dean’s small bed and held one another, trading kisses that were more honest than any of their words could ever be.
“I want you...” Fingers tightened in Dean’s hair, giving enough of a pull to get Dean to look up. Castiel’s eyes were dark and his expression was full of need. “I want you.”
“It was my pleasure,” Castiel replied, smiling to himself. He must have memorized Dean’s face by the end of the night and felt self-conscious now about how long he stared.
The letter was so long and friendly, so full of the same emotion that all of Cas’s other letters had, that Dean’s guilt only amplified. Now he imagined Cas waiting with everyone else as the mail shipment came in, only to find that he hadn’t gotten any letters from Dean. Sometimes, Dean felt like such an ass. Maybe he would go ahead and write his reply right now. Dinner could wait.
In the darkness of the theater, the pair of them touched more often. Their knees pressed together, as if they had been crowded into their seats. They often leaned into one another to whisper comments about the movie. Even when they had finished whispering, their shoulders continued to brush together. Castiel loved every moment of it, especially the way it made him feel like a teenager trying to get away with something illicit. By the end of the film, it wasn’t just the air conditioning that made Castiel glad that Dean had chosen this activity.
” He went on, switching between the harmonica and lyrics, singing about “making honey” for his unnamed lover, taking walks and holding her.
“You do this to me, Dean,” he drew the soldier’s attention with that statement. Dean’s eyes confirmed the disbelief Castiel read on his face. “You have an effect on me that no other does...”
“Cas! You’re home!” She said happily, hugging him. He caught her and gave Anna a squeeze about the waist before setting her down.
Castiel watched Dean for a moment, held onto the edge of the bench and pursed his lips before giving it a try. He stood and, accidentally on purpose, lost his balance a little bit. Dean instantly reached out to hold him by the elbows and steady Castiel. While Cas looked uncertain, Dean just grinned.
Cas stretched out his grace, grasping at the monsters that lurked in the shadowed corners of Dean’s mind and banishing them, recalling instead a peaceful lake, a narrow wooden dock and a sky lit up in a spectacular sunset of pink and orange and gold. It was peaceful and lovely, and Cas was glad that he could provide it for Dean, even if it was just for a little while.
"She's not wrong," Cas said. "I found myself constantly frustrated with your recklessness while on Earth."
"Lisa and Ben, they're friends of mine. Non hunting ones, that is. I've kinda taken over their guest room while I get my head back on straight."
"Am I going to freak out?" She said, eyes narrowing. Crap, that was a lot more than 'slightly' suspicious.
A solid glass tumbler thunked down in the bartop, making both of them jump. Ellen brandished a towel at Mary, face stern.
"Uh oh," Sam said, tension fading from his shoulders as he wove his way between tables. "What kind of bet?"
“I expect that it’s discouraged. But, you’re human.  When do any of you let something as insignificant as rules stop you?” Death sounded amused, which was only marginally less terrifying than when he sounded annoyed. He shifted and turned to walk away. “As much as I’ve enjoyed our little chat, I am a very busy person, Sam. I must be going.”
“Maybe go and did out some old clothes, Ben, if you’re going to be messing around with cars,” suggested Lisa. “I don’t want you complaining if I have to throw out one of your favorite shirts because you decided getting oil all over it was a good idea.” She mock-scowled at him, then laughed when he rolled his eyes.
A choked off noise escaped Dean’s throat, and Cas stopped, concern spiking. Dean let out a low, shaky breath, pressing the heels of his hands against his eyes. He sniffed.
Hannah and Rachel were not replacement for the human friends he had left behind - they were far too dissimilar for that - but they were pleasant aquaintances who shared history with him and didn't make confusing pop culture references in casual conversation, and that seemed like a decent enough foundation to start with. They were also warriors, stalwart and loyal and good under pressure, and he most likely would have gone mad without their support.
