Cas hears his beautiful Dean panting to bring enough oxygen into his body, and he decides to push. The tip of his slicked finger pops through Dean’s resistance, and the man howls.
Dean leans against the wall, his face sheepish. “Did I cause you to be fired? Tell me truthfully.”
His eyes glowed bright as he prepared to strike, prepared to smite them and burn them out from the inside, burn them for daring to harm his wolf, and-
At last, Castiel once again smiled. “Farewell, Speckled Wolf.”
Except, when his eyes lock on those plump, bowed lips, Dean fidgets and licks them. The shine of them makes Cas’s cock twitch and he sucks in a breath. Glancing up, the flames in Dean’s eyes make him reckless. His hands come up to the collar of Dean’s shirt, fingers gently settling the fabric while his thumbs skirt along the skin of his neck. Dean closes his eyes in satisfaction, leaning into the touch with a sound that has Cas’s cock filling.
*****
Cas laced his own midnight wings over his mate’s, wrapping them both in its warmth. The Alpha’s grace danced over his mate’s body, pleasuring him, easing the pain of his heavy belly.
There was silence for a long while as Castiel stood there, utterly tired and utterly broken.
His eyes widened, a light flickering behind them once more as his markings once more painted his skin.
“Now, hold on. Both of you.” Dean centers himself and speaks from the heart. “I will not have you chastising me for doing one thing for myself.”
When Dean sits down in the makeup chair, Jo shows him the vision of what he will look like. “That’s terrifying. They really want me to look like a monster?”
“Fossil fuels?” Dean confirms. “I remember reading that they were what caused the environmental crisis.
“So you only like us because we might get pregnant someday.”
“Oh,” Dean said, biting his lip, fear gnawing at the back of his mind. “So there
“You flatter me.”
Dean looked down at the little Omega, so close against him, eyes so big and earnest, and he sighed. “I trust you, Castiel. I always have. With my very life.”
“Shut down. I know.”
“No!” Dean shouted. “No, they’re coming to kill him! Leave him alone! Please!”
“I’m fine,” Castiel said, exasperated. He let himself be hurt by a dumb criminal. He was better than this, he’d bested much more skilled fighters, and yet some idiot had ambushed them and done this.
By the time he is finished, Dean has redressed himself and come out to see the kitchen for himself. Kissing Cas on the temple, he peeks out the window and is ensnared by the view.
All alone.
“Continue, Dean. Continue sneaking around.”
“That’s serious,” Rowena said, lost in thought. “That means it must be incredibly powerful.”
The wolf moaned brokenly. It had been so very long since he’d last lain with anyone, and even then it didn’t compare to
Castiel ignored him. “What are you going to do? If you can’t run, can’t hunt,” Castiel said, eyes darting back and forth in thought, heart racing with worry, “How are you going to… going to live?”
The Naga quickly buckled his belt around him, dropping his eyes so as not to meet Castiel’s gaze, before slithering out the door and through to the large pantry.
He knew none of it could ever happen.
His mate was naked and in his arms and all happy smelling, and his skin felt so soft beneath his fingers…
The moment Dean was done with his arm, Castiel sat up… only to feel incredibly woozy.
“Oh, yes! That’s right, you were trying to talk at me. Go ahead, legless.”
“Dean, it’s Noah,” Cas said, looking over at his newborn son, squirming and crying in the open air. Dean didn’t turn to look. The cut and his channel were bleeding. They just kept bleeding.
“But, Dean, it can’t work like that.”
“What are the odds of you not winning?”
Dean furrowed his brow, some part of him hurt. At the accusation? At the prospect? He wasn’t sure.
“It can’t be that bad,” Dean says as he grabs at Cas’s waist. He yips and moves away too quickly for Dean to catch.
Then Dean stabbed him again. And the Naga’s tail stopped squirming.
Castiel dismounted the wolf, laughing as Dean shook himself off and shifted to a human, quickly wrapping himself in his cloak as he got dressed.
Castiel grew very quiet. "Nothing, Dean. I love you. I love you with all my heart."
“I don’t want to carry his pups!” Dean shouted.
So he sat down, and he waited. He stared ahead, head resting on folded hands propped up on his knees.
“What makes you say that?” Castiel responded, coyly.
see them.
think you do,” Castiel said, grinning.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I want to hear all about it, but-”
“Why?”
The wolf rubbed the back of his neck. “I used to know, but now I’m not so sure. But I suppose you may call me ‘Dean.’”
But he had to.
“Has no one ever flirted with you before?” Cas can’t believe that anyone could pass up the opportunity. It would be a travesty.
“So does this hurt?” He asked, pressing it firmly. Castiel seemed frustrated.
Dean spaces out for a minute, his eyes locked on the scenery out the window from their elevated perch. The city lights practically glitter from up this high. Sam gets up and rummages through the refrigerator to find a midnight snack. While he’s in the middle of making a hearty sandwich, Dean speaks.
The one bit his lips before taking a few sips of the thick, warm concoction that went straight to his belly, making him very tired. The other soon followed, and it wasn’t long before the two of them were asleep, still clutching onto each other, heatscent gradually fading.
“Wait. Are you one of the Glam Gods?”
“It’s fish,” Dean said as he blew on another spoonful, this time with a little bit of meat in it.
Castiel forced himself to keep walking forward, despite his tiredness and weakness from days of hunger. Each step was a burden in his shredded shoes. God, they didn’t even know where they were going, what were they even doing? How would they even survive? What would they even do?
The angel blinked in confusion before walking out the door beside Dean, who put an arm over him possessively.
It was a fucking pain.
“Word travels fast,” she said, putting down her book and walking towards him. “After all, the lone wolf goes out to meet someone on a Black Moon, then comes back with his arm? It’s all very suspicious,” he said, unceremoniously yanking his arm to take a look at the handprint.
“Not my job, Cas,” she reminds him as she saunters out to the front again.
Without wasting a minute, Dean swam faster than he ever had, true as an arrow to the spot, immediately grabbing the other Naga, wrenching their hand away from his mate, biting his shoulder as hard as he could to get him to release the angel, before Dean yanked his mate to the surface, where Castiel gasped for air.
“Are you daft or just mad?” Crowley spits. “Modesty forbids it. You will not take advantage of him in that way.”
Screams and shrieks follow Dean from the stage. He’s sweaty after a full hour under those infernal lights. His throat is itching as it does when he puts too much power behind his voice. He clears his throat subtly and a second later, there is a tonic in his hand to help his throat heal before morning. After years of being one of the country’s sweethearts, he has found a shorthand of movements and gestures that express his needs without ever having to ask for anything. His staff is competent and attentive, so often they preemptively give him what he needs before he even realizes it.
Castiel gaped at him for a few moments before turning away and regaining his composure.
“Dean?” He called out. There was no answer.
“Meg, leave him alone.”
Dean gestured back to his room. “Two Omegas wandered in here. They needed help and… I heard them.”
Despite the obvious lies, he came away from the experience wanting more. There was so much more that he wanted to learn about Cas. Neither of them tried to get the other’s information, but to be honest, Dean had desperately wanted to. The ID bracelet he’d been wearing wasn’t his own, though. It was Cole’s, so Cas would have known immediately that he had lied. Besides, the situation is untenable. He is not allowed to date, and after an hour on the treadmill this afternoon, he had pondered the question long enough to know that is what he wants. His interest in Castiel is not like his interest in his other friends, as few and far between as they are.
A book fell to the ground, before the tall figure rushed to his side, taking him up in his arms.
Dean isn’t sure what he thought a home set inside a decontamination chamber was going to be like, but he did not think it would feel so homey. He looks around, gazing at the full shelves that take up at least half of the large room. Paintings are stacked together with cloth carefully placed in between. Books are stacked from floor to ceiling, pillars of actual knowledge that make Dean smile.
Dean took a deep breath of the crisp, fresh air. Soon, snow would be dusting the earth, cleansing the ground. Then things could grow again, alive and new. The cycle of the world, all as they should be.
“I’ve got you, it’s okay,” Cas said, standing and pulling his mate up with him. “I’m gonna take you to the hospital, so I need you to stand up for a minute, okay?”
“…I love you, Castiel. Whatever happens.”
Dean let out a long, shaky breath, having completely forgotten he was supposed to be cold.
Almost a full minute passes before he hears footsteps turn the corner. “I don’t see anyone here, sir. Are you sure you saw him head this way?”
“Ask me now, beautiful.” Cas watches as Dean lifts his eyes, ready to back off if he’s even remotely uncomfortable with where this is going.
He takes another bite just as he hears Sam chime in, “Oh, that’s why he’s your favorite? Because he sneaks bacon for you?”
And he was utterly still.
, either. It was mostly weird - with very strange undertones. Not completely unpleasant, but not the worst tea he’d ever had. After putting some honey in it, it actually wasn’t too bad. He finished the cup and set it down, moving to crawl into bed.
Many at first, then a few at a time, until, at last, the final family packed up its cart and left.
“It will be easier to just show you.” Cas swings his arm wide in invitation for Dean to enter before him. There aren’t any locks on the door, no alarm.
“What?”
“Thank you,” he says confidently, and isn’t that a strange twist? He doesn’t recognize flirting, but he’s completely comfortable with compliments.
Castiel turned to look at him for a long while, saying nothing. At last, however, he reached up to kiss Dean’s forehead. “May you be blessed on your path,” he said, taking off the cloak he had been wearing, and offering it back to the wolf.
A few minutes later, Cas has his own tables under control, and heads over to see Dean. This time, he successfully makes it to his side.
“Well, well, well!” She said, baring her teeth in a cold smile. “It’s Dean right? That lovely Naga that tried to have me executed before it was decided I was good for the kingdom?”
“You probably do.”
“Look, Dean. I don’t know what you think-”
Grinning widely, Dean takes a nibble of the bacon and sighs in appreciation. “This is why you’re my favorite, Cas.”
“Mine,” he said, sliding another finger inside, the Alpha in him practically roaring at the thought.
“So you’ll be away until you gather all the necessary items?”
“It kept reminding me of you and how you used to…” he drifted off. “So I cut it off.”
The wolf stood there for a long time, unable to look up from the ground. At last, though, he walked towards the entrance to look up at the rising sun. The accursed rising sun.
Blood was still pouring from the Omega’s mouth and nose, his eyes were half shut, and he was trembling. No, worse. He was shaking uncontrollably, violently. He was convulsing.
“I made a circle of dust to keep us safe from fell creatures. You must not be one!”
He didn’t go unconscious, though. He just went numb.
Before he could complete this task, though, Castiel let out a joyous yelp. “You have speckles all down your back!” Before Dean could react, the Omega was running his hands up and down his shoulders.
“Yes, yes!” he shouted, and they were off.
The wolf groaned, pulling Castiel tighter against him, shuddering when he felt the Omega’s erection. “Don’t worry, Castiel, I’ll take care of you,” he said, standing up with Castiel in his arms before gently setting him on his back on the bed, legs dangling off the edge. Quickly, he set to rolling some of the furs to prop up Castiel’s lower back and hips, to make sure he was comfortable. Finally, he gingerly pulled back Castiel’s bearskin cloak.
“Please, please,” he begged, prayed.
Samuel is also of the Yumeijin caste, of course, but his aptitude has always been sports. Futbol is the only sport of consequence in the country, and Samuel Winchester is the star of its southern regional team, La Pantera. Dean loves to tease his hulking giant of a brother by calling them La Pantera Rosa, but Samuel has never seen the cartoon, The Pink Panther, so he doesn’t understand the reference. It still makes Dean smile.
"Black and white then!”
“I thought the restaurant would be a lot slower by now. I apologize for coming to your place of work, but I didn’t have another way to contact you.”
But one thing kept him going.
“Jimmy!” Castiel scolded. “Dean’s taking care of us and feeding us, you can at least be civil.”
Cas bites his lip and pushes open the last door.
Dean’s blood boiled.
“You look awful.”
“It’s hard to be sure when -”
“No! No. He’s not evil.”
The Great Fell Beast chuckled as it used its razor sharp forelimbs to pierce through each one of Castiel’s shoulders, pinning them down.
Oh, how could something so base fall from such innocent lips?
“Please, Castiel,” Dean begged, standing to his feet.
Oh. No wonder it was this one that brought him to life. His heart was so strong, his soul so beautiful.
“What do you plan on gathering first?”
Once out on the street, Cas turns, “I can get home from here. Thank you for not having me arrested.”
Dean nods. Cas frowns at him and unties the overcoat from his neck. “Here. You can put this on over that crazy outfit, and if you take your shoes off, you won’t be so freakishly tall.”
“Cas,” Dean replies and glances at him in the mirror. His lips tilt with playfulness, but just as always, there is a heat between them that kindles a smoldering spark. It would take so little to bring it to full flame, and that is a line that Cas constantly finds himself up against.
Castiel shut his eyes tightly, hurt at the thought of it. “Do you think I’m evil?”
“You aren’t?” Dean replied, partially amused and partially surprised. Most wolves, upon discovering that he had no pack, would desert him immediately. After all, there must be a reason he was alone.
“Dean, it’s late, you don’t have to –.”
“Dean,” Cas took a step forward and reached for his best friend, but Dean only stepped back.
"Alright, well I’m here if you need anything."
into the kitchen with a flap of his wings. Dean’s sharing a beer with Sam when his head snaps up at the sound.
As usual, Mayor Winchester walks straight past Castiel and into his office to continue his phone call. He leaves one door open, which usually means he’s expecting some sort of early meeting. Cas sighs, and gets back to work writing out the schedule. He looks back at Monday and sees a 9AM spot open for an office meeting. He makes a mental note of that and keeps working, answering phone calls and making memos and sending important emails.
“So you thought
“I just transferred here,”
Christ, no, we aren’t gonna discuss kids. I’m not
“The one and only,” Detective Turner replied, “They operate worldwide and all of their leaders have covers – not even the dealers really know who’s orders they’re taking.”
"Your robe reminds me of our honeymoon."
“You can tell me anything. You know that, right?” Cas asks.
“Yes,” he says, like it’s so simple, like it’s easy, like it’s not tearing Dean apart on the inside.
That night, Cas packed up the things he’d manage to collect as his own and stuffed them into a large bag pack he’d stolen five towns over. He showered and cleaned his wounds, wincing as the water poured over the cuts and bruises from the beating he’d received. The angels hadn’t even recognized him; they called him “Jimmy” - the name Cas had decided to use until he was safe again. They must have assumed he was a human, but Castiel could tell they were angels; he recognized the way that they fought. He would have fought back, but he was afraid that his tactics and moves would give away his true identity. So he let them kick his ass.
Dean was a little shocked. Why would he need to know how to use a gun? This was a music store! He wasn’t sure if he should mention that his father taught him and his little brother how to shoot a gun before they could long divide, but before he could say anything, Balthazar spoke up again.
It was also clear that, now that Cas was human, he needed things, like comfort, and support.
“I don’t like where this is going,” Cas says, squinting at his friend.
"But you love eggs!" Dean yells to the door, but the shower starts running and his words are drowned out. "What is with him?" Dean wonders aloud. He throws on a t-shirt and heads downstairs anyway.
“Night, man,” he responded, unsure if he was heard.
Cas only nods in response. Dean tsks at him again. “Use your words, Castiel.”
After some thinking, Dean decided to get the extra strength disposable ones.
“This was Sam’s shirt,” Dean said plainly, continuing his movements. “He gave it to me when he grew out of it. Damn overgrown kid,” Dean’s hands fell from his shirt and moved to cover his face, “Dammit, dammit, dammit!”
happened to me?”
“And what would Dad say? He’d be furious!”
“Good,” Dean exhales, clapping his hands together and brushing his
Cas tells himself, struggling to fit his key into the doorknob.
“Oh, hush,” Cas waves him away, blushing slightly, “Go brush your teeth so we can go to bed.”
Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen so many balloons in his entire life.
“It seems you didn’t bother getting it before you came in here,” Castiel shrugged. “Oh well.” He stepped out of the shower and heard Dean follow him out.
“You son of a bitch,” he mutters, leaning forward to press their foreheads together. “Thank you, Cas.”
Turns out, they’re hunting shapeshifters who shift into rich townspeople, throw extravagant parties to lure other people in, and snatch up whomever they have a grudge against. They aren’t sure why, but it ends tonight.
He couldn’t even say anything. He just turned away in the dark of the lightless night.
*****
“I wish I could experience that.”
As his thoughts wrap around the hypothetical, the world around him continues its chaotic pace. He floats along the surface of the waves their movement causes, mostly content to let it happen.
We’re going to starve in here.
“You didn’t ask?”
Dean is watching the clock on his bracelet, waiting for Cas to appear by the elevators in another five minutes. Dean had left Cas in his dressing room when he reappeared on the gallery floor almost an hour ago. When he arrived, he made a beeline to Crowley and claimed that his head couldn’t take much more. His manager took pity on him and allowed him to call his valet to retrieve him early. Of course, Cas will be playing that roll until they can get out of the building. They hid the painting in his large garment bag and packed clothes around it to keep it from looking so suspicious. He’s actually about to help commit a robbery.
Sam clears his throat to get their attention back to the issue at hand. “I’m happy for you, Dean. For both of you. You know I would never begrudge you having whatever makes you happy.”
“Oh,” Dean breathed. “Yes.”
They sit in silence for a moment and then Cas gestures to the seat in front of him. “So, may I join you?”
“Couldn’t have that, catching stops the heat, and heat’s good for business! That’s when you have to work quick, until their channel runs red with blood. That’s how you know you got ‘em,” he said, laughing despite being gutted. He licked his lips at the memory.
“If you want me to stop at any time, you tell me,” he said.
“Cole,” Dean says firmly. When the other man’s eyes snap up, they are filled with guilt and fear, but not remorse. That tells him everything he needs to know.
Moving around Dean, Cas says, “I have to go. I can’t be caught here with you. I’ll take my chances with the theft. Of the two charges, that one I might survive.”
Cas never touched his cock.
“No, Dean. That asshole just hates me.”
Suddenly, Dean started shaking uncontrollably.
Dean follows as Cas begins to walk away. “Then you leave me no choice but to go back and tell Roman that you stole from him.”
Dean shrugged as he sat down crosslegged across from the Omega. “Not really.”
Dean froze where he was, looking over at his happy, contented, full mate, looking up at him with big, blue eyes, and he couldn’t help but comply. “Of course, Cas,” he said, slithering around to properly curl up and slot behind him, wrapping his tail around Castiel’s.
Castiel froze, and, for the first time, Castiel felt his heart stop.
“Are you okay, Dean?” Realizing that he’s been pondering this question for far too long, Dean quirks a lop-sided grin and nods.
He waked to the merc’s truck.
“You take these things to preserve them.” Dean states, getting back to the reason for his visit.
Castiel halted in his steps. “And I, you,” he said, softly, before disappearing into the forest.
There was a strange scent in the house. One that reeked of smoke.
With a cleansing breath, Cas steps out into the street and instantly repels those citizens walking closest to him. All of the castes, from the opulent Jinushi that live here, down to the Sabanto, or servant caste, treat the lowest caste as pariahs. He doesn’t know whether to be thankful or full of sadness for how perfectly this disguise works. What works to his benefit is killing off hundreds of people in this city alone. While their plight is horrible, and he is potentially as bad as those that look away for using it to his advantage, there is one benefit.
“Me? I-” Dean said, rubbing his neck and laughing nervously. “I’m not really that special.”
“It certainly is not.” Uriel is blustering now, his hands tucked into aggressive fists. No amount of money is worth Dean accidentally getting hit, so Cas relents.
Is this why relationships are considered so distracting? Are couples all over the country making equally poor decisions for their loved ones at this moment? What is he thinking? Cas isn’t a loved one. He’s a stranger. Shaking his head, he realizes that is so much worse.
“Knot.”
“It’s alright, Castiel, it’s alright,” he said, kissing his love’s head as he ran his hand up and down his little back. His bare little back.
“We met at a club meeting on campus.”
“Yes.”
“Please, please hold on,” Dean wept, knowing the sentiment was futile, pressing his lips against his beloved’s, but tasting nothing except the sickening metallic of blood.
He laughed. “Obviously - I want it to be as fresh as possible.”
“Let’s see, then,” Castiel said, grasping Dean’s shoulder.
“What has you so morose?” Dean asks when his brother remains silent.
“Cas…?” Dean said, crawling through the lake on his one unbroken arm and leg in the nearly pitch black dark, guided only by the awful aborted gasps of his beloved. “Cas?” He asked, ignoring the loudening rumble in favor of kneeling by his Omega and holding him close.
"Who are you?" Dean whispered to himself, breathing in the scent of the wild Omega's hair. This was a god, a beam of celestial light, a creature of unimaginable power, yet it wanted to be held in his arms. To be told it was loved.
“You…” he breathed shakily, voice cracking, “You smell like…” At last, he felt Dean move, a hand grabbing the lapel of his suit tightly in his hand. “Not real, not real, not real,” the Omega chanted.
Dean immediately pull out before pumping inside Castiel slowly and deeply, each thrust ripping a whine from his love’s plush, open lips.
At last, though, a lead.
Dean’s lips quirk and he looks away before breathing out dismay. “I want to spend more time with you, Cas. I hate that I have to sneak away to see you. I hate that my handlers would not take kindly to our friendship. If you were my valet, you would be welcome in my house, expected to be at my side. It would be as close to perfect as I can imagine.”
They were going to be alright.
“Because this creature we’re after, you… you seem to have formed a connection to.”
The sovereign nation of Kanpeki Basho was created hundreds of years ago when the existing governments came to the realization that the Earth was dying because of their neglect and abuse. Pollution and deforestation had led to increasingly foul air. Sea levels rose several feet, devastating most coastal areas. Entire countries had to be abandoned, creating a refugee crisis for the entire planet.
are an Alpha, and
Cas squeezes from the base to the tip, milking more precome out of them. Collecting the droplets on his palm, he rubs over their heads and down the shafts to slick the way. Dean curses, startling Cas out of his movements. He’s never heard any kind of foul language from Dean, and it makes Cas
“No, I assure you. I’m just…over there.” He gestures vaguely behind them.
Dean asked himself, half hopefully, half dreadfully.
When Dean shakes his head to signal he doesn’t know what that is, Cas rummages around the shelves to find a sketchbook. He flips to a page and hands it to Dean.
“Well, we certainly turned this adventure down a dismal path,” Cas huffs in amusement.
“Cas…” the Omega mewled pitifully, forcing the Alpha to shift his hips away from his Omega. He couldn’t let himself tease at Dean’s sore hole.
“You know I am. This is…”
And they fled, crawling over each other to return to their master.
“Seeing you this mesmerized is exactly what I was hoping for. I can’t wait to get to my valley. Your eyes might fall out of their sockets.”
Breathing ragged and quick, Dean has never before felt so many sensations at once. “Oh, Cas,” he moans, releasing a tiny fraction of the pressure building both in his cock and his heart.
“I don’t want anything from you, Dean,” Castiel said, looking up at him with mournful eyes.
Dean could feel him pressed close all along his body, could feel his every move. Castiel was so beautiful, so small, so perfect…
When Dean turns a knit brow towards him, Cas grins at having to explain. “He was teasing me by insinuating that I’m too ugly for someone like you to go on a date with.”
This wasn’t normal healing magic, blood magic. Blood magic glowed deep red, and it was never this powerful. This was blue, bright, pure. Intense.
“No, no! You need to give up on me, live your own life, have your own pups. I can’t keep doing this to you, stringing you along month to month. It’s not fair to you, I-”
Cas stopped by his own car, pulling out a long knife. One he’d bought just for this.
“What are we even doing, Jimmy? Even if we escape I’m just going to get us killed anyway. I’ve lead you to your death. I’m so sorry.”
“Castiel!” he screamed in terror, clasping desperately towards his brother, at last gripping flesh, pulling him close. If they focused, they could stand in this water, bearing their weight against a nearby rock.
Sam shut his eyes, knowing there was no use in arguing. “Where are the Omegas?”
“When?” Dean asked, eagerly.
“Leave, and pursue no more.”
Before he could finish that thought, however, Castiel yelped, arching his back as Dean’s fingers brushed across something inside him, something that sent a surge of pleasure shooting through his body.
_________________________________________
“We’re trying to conduct business,” Dean said, all while trying to hide the blush that was now covering his entire body.
As he waits, Dean finds himself people-watching. His eyes scan quickly over the patrons without slowing until he notices a table directly across from him. There are a few young men, Sabanto caste he can tell by their customary robes, all enjoying a good time. Most restaurants will not let them in at all, others allow them in after the dinner rush is over.
Sam snickers at his brother’s teasing. Dean has been telling him that he bets against him for years, but he knows it’s not true. First of all, Dean is too straight-laced to ever gamble, even before they moved all of the gambling dens into the brothels years ago. Secondly, he loves his family too much to ever capitalize on their failure.
Dean chuckled, nuzzling up against him. “I can do anything you want me to.”
“Have you no other clothes?” Dean said, distressed at the very idea.
“Careful, now,” she said, rubbing some more of her healing salve on his throat. “Yes, we fought them off. It cost us dearly, but we won. They’ll no longer curse us with their presence, the assholes.” Megara then reached for a bowl of something and held it up to Dean’s lips. “Drink up, handsome,” she said, grinning.
any more favors.”
“What about you?”
“Get out.”
“You… you’re unlike anyone else I’ve ever come across. And you didn’t judge me,” Dean said, looking into the fire. “Did… did you miss me?” he said, gaze dropping to his feet.
Dean clears his throat, swallowing hard. “Never mind.”
more to do.”
Furious activity swarms around him, his entourage of manager, assistants, and publicists all hold court with the studio’s multitude of artists. They are losing light quickly on this shoot, and they have a very tight, very sheer costume to get him into before they turn the cameras on him again. As it is, his hair and makeup people are having to work symbiotically, from the same station and at the same time, which is not going well if the incredible tension in the air says anything.
Not to mention it felt like someone had stabbed his stomach.
“I delight your fantasies?”
Overestimating yourself is what ruins most men in the Jinushi caste, after all. What is that old saying? “Pride goeth before a fall.”
Blue lights glowed from behind him as, before him, the red sun dipped ever closer towards the earth, beyond the lake.
“The beasts might try to remove the last arrow, as well,” Rowena warned.
Dean blushed at the compliment. He’d worked on it for weeks, having to start over twice upon making an irremediable mistake. It wasn’t perfectly made, but it was as close as he could get, considering his lack of skill.
would have come up with a way to endure a molt alone, but
“Okay, I’m in, but I want Eileen to come, too.”
Cas chuckles. “I think you might be right. But we haven’t gotten to the truly intense feelings yet. You might hold onto Nirvana until you’ve experienced everything.”
Dean chuckled. “Did you expect it to be bad?”
“Tell me about him.”
He knows that many of the so-called ‘Glam Gods’ are auctioned when they turn twenty-five. He’s sure that Roman has something similar in mind for him. After all, he’s spent an incredible amount of money on Dean. He’s going to want some return on his investment.
Almost as soon as anything he made had suitably cooked, Castiel was ready to eat it, which made Dean smile. He’d never seen Castiel eat like this, and seeing him eating, enjoying, filling up like a Naga just… just made him so happy. Every course he brought over to his mate, who still didn’t know how to properly move around with his tail, caring for him.
It was the weekend - Cas’s day off. Good thing, too: he’d worked late the night before. That’s why he was sleeping in.
“But I was late.”
Yet even the days spent with his lover were not enough for Castiel, who forever yearned for his mate while he was away. To remind himself of his love, Castiel painted the night sky with the same speckles that adorned his lover’s flesh, gifting them some of his radiance. From that day forward, every night he danced with them, tracing shapes and stories in their light.
“Dean-” Before he could finish, the Omega was holding onto him as tight as his weak body could, weeping openly into his arms.
The sobs wracked his little body, making his chest ache as he cried into the soft furs. He nuzzled them close, pretending for a moment that it was his wolf’s chest he was buried into.
They were gaining on them.
“Yes!”
Dean nods his head, bobbing it quickly but not taking his intense gaze from Cas’s mouth. Just then, they hear Sam dropping something in the kitchen sink.
“No,” he said, turning away from her.
That’s why he’s abandoned his routine in so many fundamental ways. He saw the owner of Roman Industries on the vidscreen this morning on his way to work. Roman was being interviewed at his art gallery in anticipation for an opening tonight. As he and the reporter discussed some of his personal collection, Castiel had been appalled with how little care the man had taken with these artifacts, including the painting in his sauna. The imbecile said that he kept it there because he liked looking at it while enjoying a long soak.
He’d tried to follow, but it was too late.
“We’re going to get caught, aren’t we?” Jimmy said, whimpering.
The Omega strained once more, giving it all he had left within him. He wanted to hold his fledglings. He wanted to feed them, to clean their newborn wings, to sleep with them by his side.
Dean’s heart stopped.
He yanked his brother to his feet, dragging him stumbling along behind him, running through the brook, hoping it would mask his twin’s growing heatscent.
Anticipation of the flavor has his mouth filling with saliva. He’s been denying himself for so long; it’s going to taste so good. The heat of the cinnamon apples meets the cool crispness of the vanilla. He sighs as he chews the small bite. He drinks a little of his water, and happens to glance up at the table of young men again. The same man is still watching him, his expression changed to one of appreciation.
Oh, he was wounded. Badly. “I got you,” Dean said, grabbing the angel and carrying him in his arms, clutching him close.
It was so… nice.
He drove him to the local hospital, Lazarus Regional. Nice place. Very clean.
“I don’t kid about sex, Dean.”
But he could never stay.
“The government.”
“It will burn a bit, but it will stop in just a few seconds.”
was tainted. His very heart turned back, veining his sorrow, his poison through his body.
It wasn’t enough. He needed to warm him from the inside.
Cas is backing away from him which makes Dean scowl. “You promised that you would explain.”
“I, uh,” Dean said, completely disarmed by the little Omega’s boundless curiosity. “Well, I don’t know if I still do, but I used to. Mom used to mention them all the time, but that was years ago, so…” Dean said, drifting off at the now painful memory.
“Because that is my purpose in life. This is what I was made for. Was meant to do. I take care of families, that is my heartbeat. I take care of Omegas especially, the givers of life and cheer.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for.”
And at that, he turned and entered the still-dark forest, and was gone.
And now Dean was an Angel. Of Alastair’s.
“A cave?”
Cas nods. Dean knows he should stop the impulse to say the blessing for the dead, but he can’t. It is tradition for his caste to recite it when hearing of someone’s passing, especially a close family member. To ignore the loss of Cas’s parents would be a slight to him that Dean can’t live with.
“Yes!” Castiel said happily. “As soon as we take care of this fire, I can get on your back, and you can run me around.”
“Dean, I didn’t think I’d ever see you again…” he said, voice trailing off.
“What are you going to do about a job?” Dean asks quietly, not wanting to break the atmosphere that has settled over the two of them.
Dean pled as he did his best to help his mate breathe, putting his mouth to the Angel’s mouth, trying to stir something within him.
still have speckles! All over!” he said, running his hands excitedly through Dean’s thick fur. “How fast can you run?”
Another stumbling block is their caste difference. With the money his sponsors have spent on him, there is no way that they would ever let him sully himself with someone of the Sabanto caste. Just thinking that thought is difficult for him to swallow. He’s aware that he is of such a high caste through no merit of his own. He and Cas could just as easily be in reversed positions. There’s nothing inherently special about him.
Dean was frail and light in his arms. Doctors said he’ll have to be cleaned up. Cas volunteered.
“Oh, Dean,” Sam said, embracing him once more.
So many had been killed due to his lack of diligence. So many families. So many Omegas. So many children.
A long night.
He cried out in pain, only to hear something horrifying cross his ears.
“Oh, good,” Dean said pulling his hands away awkwardly, leaning down to collect the fallen feathers to make jewelry with, trying to hide his bright blush at the whole affair.
It’s simple, really. Their hips are too small. They aren’t wide enough. In many cases, they physically cannot give birth and have to be cut open.
“Cas, I’m so sorry,” Dean said, weeping into his mate’s shoulder, piecing together everything that must have happened. “I’m so, so sorry. I should have been stronger, I-”
Castiel grabbed the sides of his wolf’s face, turning it to meet his own. “What are you going to do?”
“Okay. Fine. I’m leaving,” he hisses through clenched teeth.
“You will. Just not this time. Let me take care of it.” Cas rolls off of Dean and reaches for his bag by the side of the bed. Pulling out a little bottle from a side pocket, he drops the rest.
“I really shouldn’t. It’s past -” Dean stops and purses his lips. He keeps making mistakes that are going to get him caught. Of course the Sabanto are allowed to flirt. They are allowed to do many things that Dean never will. They can decide who they love, who to marry, and who to have children with. They also don’t have curfews like the Yumeijin. Everything that he’s always accepted as part of his protection suddenly feels like an extremely tight leash.
Wandering in the crowd and taking pictures isn’t really eating up the majority of his brain power, so it’s giving Dean too much time to think about the man he has taken an interest in. They had found some common ground that surprised Dean. Cas is a fan of history, particularly what is called early modernism. Because many of the looks that have been popular over the past decade or two have been remakes of that era, his education includes a great deal of that period.
And his arm was whole. His arm was back. His life was back, he could hunt again, run again, hold again.
“Hey, easy with the goods,” Dean grinned.
Castiel lay there, quivering and terrified and helpless, clutching onto his brother, when he bothered to look up.
“Dean,” Castiel said in his sweet, musical voice, and Dean couldn’t help but soften at it. The wolf immediately relaxed, not even realizing he was tense in the first place.
“You are so beautiful, Dean.”
“That’s because you were an Angel then. Hunger for a Naga is different, much more severe.”
There. A pale figure, unclothed, walking out of the lake he'd been swimming in, shaking his black hair dry.
Castiel hugged his cloak closer, falling silent. “Very much.”
“That’s because you hold a special place in my heart.”
“Is that so?” Jimmy said, suspiciously.
“Really? That’s how you’re going to do this?”
“You feel so good, Cas,” he breathed. “Are you ready?” he said, almost vibrating with the amount of willpower it took to stay still.
“Well, it only makes sense,” she said, flipping through the thick, yellowed pages. “Since we can’t discern what the specifics of the curse are, we’re going to have to perform a powerful general-purpose curse breaker on this fucker. It’s going to need some of his blood, though, to make it work - so it breaks
And they were coming anyway.
“Oh, Dean. Don’t think about it. Just be happy that you’re okay.”
“Mmm. I love that.” Cas pulls his finger to Dean’s rim and adds his index finger to push in next time. Dean’s legs splay out to the sides and he lets out a guttural groan as his body goes slack. Quiet little curses fall from his lips as he acclimates.
“You missed me?” Castiel said, confused. “Why?”
Dean scowls because he knows that Cas is right. Sam is already caught up in their lies. He doesn’t want to add this. This is huge, and it could get them all imprisoned or worse. He lets go of Cas’s arm and nods his acceptance.
“Of course it is. Most are. But I’m not interested in that. Tell me about you.”
With a laugh, Dean agrees. “I think that was entirely the point.”
The light within Castiel, behind his eyes, was flickering, dimming; eyes that were falling shut. And blood was dripping from his mouth and nose.
For a moment, something flickered in the Omega’s eyes. “No… just a dream,” he whispered.
Cas smiles and guides Dean away from the mirror and over to the bed. “As soon as I get you more comfortable, you can touch me to your heart’s content.”
“Oh, you’re welcome, darlin’,” she said, giving a nice swat on the ass.
“I do not.”
“No,” Dean breathed to himself, forcing himself to calm down. “No, no, don’t you start that,” he scolded himself as he donned his sleeves and finished fixing his hair.
This time, while it was mostly the relief at his sensitive wings being cared for and massaged, if Castiel was 100% honest with himself - and he wasn’t - it was partially because, well… he liked it when Dean touched him there. It made his mind wander, imagining his spouse’s hands drifting from his wings to brush across his skin, up and down his sides, fingers along his belly, palms sliding up his thighs…
“We need to find shelter, Dean.”
"Why? Why would you need me except for sacrifice?"
As it was a fairly warm mid-autumn, it wasn’t cold enough to bother bringing a jacket along yet. Besides, he hated how his left sleeve fell useless at his side, keeping his stump of an arm from holding or gripping onto anything.
“We will take a magnetic tube this evening and we will be back in my treasure room under cover of the night.”
Dean glares at him until he closes his mouth. He turns a less antagonistic look on Cas. “You can’t regret this. Please, Cas. It was the best night of my life. Don’t tarnish it by thinking that it shouldn’t have happened.”
Cas squirms in his seat as he watches the most beautiful man he’s ever seen have what looks like a religious experience with his dessert. He’s had sex that was less consuming than what this gorgeous creature is experiencing with pie. He’s also completely entranced by the perfection of his face. He’s intrigued and just can’t look away.
The tall god sighed before grinning sadly. “If you ever came back, someone had to be here to keep the hearth warm.”
“…Thank you, Dean.”
And Dean fell apart.
When Cas finds the end of the thick stalks, he stops and stands to the side, letting Dean see the magnificent ruin in front of him. Buildings are in various states of disrepair, but all have sustained gaping holes, crumbling floors, and have been overtaken by the very green they’ve been moving through for at least an hour. In front of them are tall, almost uniform bumps not quite as tall as they are.
As soon as the event ends, he is bombarded with lines of guests willing to wait as long as necessary to get in front of him for a moment. Crowley is doing a good job of vetting them, and he sees twice as many people turn away in disappointment as there are people let near him. Next to him, Naomi waits for his nod of approval before guiding them over to look at his calendar while he is left to deal with the next one waiting.
Dean does as he suggests, struggling a bit with the tall laces until Cas kneels down to help. “Don’t worry, I won’t actually touch you,” he snaps at the Yumeijin.
“Against…”
He could only kneel there, face pale, shivering, breathing heavily in terror as he looked desperately around for what force could be compelling him to do this.
Sam’s eyes practically glowed, gold once more seeping into his eyes as he walked out the door, running his fingers along the ground outside where they once crew food, as the ground sprouted with vegetables and fruits, before casting his magic to the north field, causing a small patch of wheat to grow, golden and healthy. He immediately set to gathering it to make bread, finally reaching to make food once more in the long disused kitchen alongside his brother.
It didn’t taste
“We’re fine, sweetheart. I brought protection.”
He took to wandering alone in the woods, where once families lived, brushing his hands along the walls that had once echoed with the sounds of children playing, where once hearths burned bright with fire.
“No!” He shouted, reaching for Castiel. He had to get to him. He had to protect him. Had to protect his beloved.
Castiel took a long, shaky breath, holding his mate in his arms as Hester looked up at him, despair in her eyes.
“I can’t stay, Dean! I can
Dean was quiet for a moment, jaw set. "What do you want with me?" The wolf asked, heartbroken.
Dueling scowls face off once Dean closes the door behind him. Both men set their jaws, stubborn and righteous. “Why are you here, Cas?”
“Dean…” Castiel said, hurt by his words, reaching for his precious wolf. “Dean, please. Please don’t.”
“No,” Cas breathed, body freezing, wings shuddering.
“Sounds like bullshit.”
“Tell me what you know about it,” she asked.
“I’m not saying you are, Dean. I just want you to understand that this is a temporary situation. I’m saving every bit of money I can earn so that I can move outside of the dome.”
Dean sighs. “I’ve learned more from you in less than a day than I feel like I have in my entire life. I have been living for my manager and my sponsors and not at all for myself. I want to see the outside world.”
“This is Castiel,” he said into his phone. Anna was on the other end of the line. He had to get his Omega out. Now.
Then finally…
“Knot.”
Before Castiel could answer, the Naga had grabbed Dean, attempting to run him through. Dean released Castiel so he could swim to shore before moving to address the Naga.
“This place is amazing, Cas. I see why you love it here.”
“Cas?” The voice called out, immediately followed by the door opening to reveal Dean, having just fastened his belt, and even now running his hands through his hair in an attempt to fix its fluffy disarray.
Cas can hear the exasperation in the man’s voice, but he follows the orders coming through his goggles. “Yes, sir. I’ll double-back and check every possible place he could be hiding.”
He has worked for a full hour or more on those tables. Losing the tips on them now would put him even farther away from his already behind schedule.
Then, then everything became a blur. He vaguely remembered trying to plead with his assailant, vaguely remembered his jeans being loosed, vaguely remembered the sound of a foreign voice, vaguely remembered being thrust into, again and again.
“I love you, too.”
And, within minutes, there it was. His family’s home. It was not as grand as when he’d last saw it, and it seemed smaller, but it didn’t matter. There was smoke coming from the chimney. Someone still lived there.
Dean shrugged. “I missed you.”
Cas’d just needed to take a piss. That’s it.
Dean’s shoulders drop and he nods his acceptance. “I believe I will need some assistance. When we did the fitting, I could not get the lacing on the back pulled tight enough.”
[[You ready?]]
Cas stared down, his beloved’s eyes glazed and unfocused, lips turning a pale blue.
Tears welled in Cas’s eyes and sorrow burned in his chest. He rose to his feet to try to hold his little Omega, try to comfort him, but Dean kept fighting him, determined that this was some trick, just a dream, a hallucination. That any moment he’d wake up and be back in Hell.
“Castiel, I’m scared. I’m so scared”
Dean’s eyes slowly blinked open to see the ceiling of the longhouse.
Then, suddenly, the glowing stopped. It all fell away, the pain was gone, the night was black again.
He wanted to leave the pack. Be out on his own again. But he’d die or starve without being able to shoot his bow. He couldn’t take down prey with a knife all by himself.
Castiel groaned, and tried to pull his feet back under the sheet, while also trying to pull it down to cover him, but for some reason his feet felt so sluggish and heavy. He tried again to move them, after all, maybe they’d just gone to sleep, when he had a sudden, horrifying revelation.
“I’m not gonna break.”
“Keep talking!” Hester shouted. “Keep him conscious!”
These questions haunted him. He couldn’t help it, Castiel was always on his mind. Castiel was his whole world, his light, his reason for living.
Not that the climate around him was cold per se, but it wasn’t the temperature he liked, properly snuggled underneath a blanket of just the right thickness. It was uncomfortable. Hell, it almost felt like the blanket had bunched up, or his legs were dangling off the bed, that’s how much of him was chilled.
Dean painfully reached behind him to pull out one of his crude, hand-made enchanted arrows, grasping it like a knife.
“That’s amazing,” Dean smiles.
Cas barely twitches his lips as they wait for the magnetic lift home, but Dean has been learning to read him well over these past weeks. His emotion is all contained in his eyes. He might appear to be like an android to most people, but he is simply able to contain his emotion more efficiently than most. Despite his best efforts, Dean can still determine his feelings by watching his eyes. Right now, Cas is proud that he stepped in and helped Dean.
A spark of lightning shot up his spine, and his heart began pumping once more, spreading its warmth throughout his dead body. Color spread back into his face, rock cracked and gave way to flesh, and a flush returned to his cheeks.
“Dean, I don’t know what you do for Roman, but I know you’re not a run of the mill celebrity. There’s no way you have the kind of access you do without being important to the man. That makes you incredibly detrimental to my health.”
“Shh,” Cas said, stroking his beloved’s cheek, damp with sweat and tears and a line of blood from where Dean had accidentally bitten his lip too hard. “Come on. Noah’s almost here. Then you can hold them.”
“Cas, why are you bothering my customer?” The whiny voice behind him interrupts.
Megara grinned. “If I’m correct, a warlock, a high demon, or a dark god is set to arrive here any minute. Things could get ugly, and we don’t want you causing any fuckups.”
Uriel is a known bigot, particularly where sexuality is concerned, but even so; that comment was an overreach. Cas has never been involved with anyone at the restaurant, never been embroiled in personal drama of any kind. His boss has no reason to question him or his motives.
He shrugged his cloak from his shoulders, wrapping them within it, and picking them both up in his arms.
“Just…please tell me that you aren’t doing anything illegal.” Cas doesn’t speak, in fact, he clears his throat and fidgets.
“So that there will be a second, I guess?”
Cameras in this Jinushi neighborhood are everywhere, so he isn’t surprised at all that he’s been captured on video. These upper class land and business owners are the captains of this domed monstrosity. They will spend money on anything that makes them feel more important and powerful. What does surprise him is that he warrants an actual foot search. The piece he stole isn’t that valuable. It’s historically important, though, which is why he set his sights on it in the first place.
Castiel chuckled. “That’s not what I meant - I haven’t been abused, Dean. I suppose I merely didn’t expect anything like this.”
Hester kept trying, trying to use her grace to jumpstart his heart back up.
“No, please. I understand, and I’ll wait. I promise.”
“Oh, that’s nice,” Castiel said with a smile. “Now I know why you Naga do it all the time.”
“What I wanted to ask earlier. I lost my nerve.” Dean looks down, a surefire sign that he’s about to duck back into his safe zone.
“I am the one you prayed to. I am Dean.”
Biting his lip, Dean flushes. “Will you take me?”
Castiel’s hand reached gently for Dean’s cheek, so softly rubbing it with his thumb, his hand so very soft.
“His only chance?”
With a steaming cup of green tea, Cas sits down on his makeshift couch. It’s really just a folded mattress sitting on a short stack of bamboo palettes, but it works. Again, he isn’t going to waste a single coin on buying furniture if he can make it out of what others throw away. He’s fairly certain that throwaway culture is new inside the dome, but it makes him want to shout his warnings from the tallest rooftops. This is exactly how they came to live in a dome in the first place. Stop overusing!
And so Dean and the other archers perched themselves on trees to shoot them down.
Cas shook his head. He looked so pale and weak, having to lean against him for support. “No, no, it’s higher,” he said, pulling Dean’s hand up below his ribs. “Right there.”
Noticing the apple pie inside the bakery cooler, Cas can’t help himself. He cuts into it and places a slice in the warmer. When it’s finished, he puts a healthy serving of vanilla ice cream on top. The exact dessert that Dean snuck out to have when they met. When he presents the messy treasure on the table, Dean laughs out loud.
He had looked at Cas then, realizing that their days were numbered, even if Dean wasn’t going to be forced into an arranged relationship. The sadness that realization had released in him was a deluge, and he couldn’t contain it. When Cas rushed to him and held him, Dean wept. He wouldn’t speak of his fears, didn’t want to make Cas feel beholden to stay when it was obvious that he wanted to take on a new kind of life. Cas knew, though. He always seems to know.
“We were going to meet next week for…you know.” Cas glances around to see if anyone is paying attention to their conversation.
“I am from very far away.”
To be honest, Dean is a little confused by their gift. Yes, it is an honor to receive anything from these men. The only thing he’d anticipated was a blessing. Cas’s symbol fits him perfectly, though, and the one they give Dean is nothing like him at all. He’s just found happiness, that much is true. But freedom and spontaneity? He’s one of the least free citizens in this country. He holds the pendant up, turning it back and forth so that the scales twinkle and flash in the light. Their jade eyes seem to glow when they catch as well.
Castiel was human.
Castiel popped one of the berries in his luscious mouth, the taste bringing a smile to the his lips.“You say that, yet you have been nothing but gracious to me, a complete stranger.”
Dean spends the rest of his evening furious. It’s the first pageant dinner of the new season, and he wouldn’t be able to eat anything he wanted anyway. This is just the first time that it hasn’t bothered him because he’s too full of emotion to consider eating. He hasn’t quite figured out if he’s more angry with Cas or himself, but he’s leaning towards himself now that he’s been thinking about the exchange for hours.
Even now, he could hear the voices growing nearer.
Because he knew.
warm,” he said, delighted at the feeling of it in his belly. “What is it?”
“We’re leaving, Dean.”
Slowly, his Castiel’s eyes fluttered open, catching sight of him.
“Dean,” Castiel tried to say, for some reason unable to speak the word, having it catch in his throat. The Omega looked up at Dean, bright eyes full of sadness. Wordlessly, he removed the amulet from his neck and offered it back to the wolf.
Dean holds him at arm’s length, shaking his head. “They haven’t let me brush my teeth.”
Finally, Dean’s mind seemed to return to reality and he locked eyes with his Alpha. “Cas…” he whispered weakly, curling himself closer.
Once he is dressed in the merman tail and little else, the screens are removed and he immediately feels all of the covetous eyes on him. Even in this small group of professionals, he can sense the avid appreciation. A faint blush rises under his makeup, but he knows it has no chance of showing through. They cover his skin too thoroughly, lest a tiny freckle sneak through his supposedly perfect complexion.
He forced himself to stop trembling, instead sitting back and making himself read something inane on his phone.
From another room behind him, there was a scream of pain. Whimpers.
“We’re losing him,” Hester said, though she hardly needed to say it. She focused her grace in her hands and tried to heal him as best she could, but his body was wrecked. “Keep him awake!”
He could barely wait. He wanted to see his beloved again, see his smiling face. Wanted to watch his eyes shine when they saw each other, wanted to see the look on his face when he tasted of the small vial of honey he’d brought, wanted to hear his voice, wanted to hear his laughter as they spoke of everything and of nothing at all.
Was that a bad thing to ask? He didn’t want to lead Dean on, after all. But, judging by the general snuggling at the end of Feast Days, this was normal. So it was okay.
Castiel smiled. “No, I am not.”
There was a long silence before Castiel once more hung the amulet from his neck.
Walking into a trap would serve him right, he scolds himself. This is the stupidest thing he’s ever attempted. As he determines that the way is clear, he hoists up the sides of his corset, and seeks out the correct door. Of course, it’s locked.
But the night was worse.
“I’m going to try to lessen the pain, alright?” He said, voice as soothing as he could make it as he wiped some of the blood pouring from his broken arm on Castiel’s open wound. On his heart. That done, he started trying to chant a spell to decrease the pain, the wound starting to glow deep red with blood magic.
While she has done some dabbling in demonslaying, it was only in an apprentice setting. Thus, she has little experience herself in fighting off fell beasts or dark gods.
He could feel his mate relax in his grasp as Dean settled his head back down, eyes staring forward.
Sam nods. The weight of it is more tolerable now that he’s shared his burden.
“Castiel!” the Alpha shouted, spinning to see the little wolf not three paces behind him, wrapped in Dean’s old bearskin cloak.
At last, she sighed, shoulders drooping. “Very well, then, lone wolf,” she said grumpily as she turned away, searching her bookshelf for something. “Is that what you came to me for? You want his curse broken?”
“Yes.”
“Blood magic.”
Throughout the halls he could hear moaning, smell the faint scent of pheromones - one to make Omegas produce more slick. To keep up with the customers, he supposed.
“But I can ride you!”
“My brother would love this place,” is the first comment that Dean makes. “He is an avid reader and historian.”
His wig is the only part of him that looks unscathed. His reflection looks as though someone crumpled him up into a tight ball, wet it, and then tried to flatten it back out again. He can’t see Dean like this. No fucking way.
Something sunk in Cas’s stomach.
Cas teases him, but Dean is content to be teased. He has a reason to be gawking in wonder. He can’t wait, either.
“Being an escort.” He tries to keep his prejudices in check, but a lifetime of breeding can’t be undone in a moment. He was impressed by Cas, and that doesn’t fit into the narrative of this profession in his understanding.
The master of ceremonies begins the fanfare, interrupting his reverie. He is expected to appear blissfully content while listening to the speeches of the Yumeijin Pageant Board. He’s been through this at least a dozen times in a dozen years. This pageant is how the most elite of his caste are recognized and their reputations built. This is the event that sponsors watch to decide who they will select as their spokespeople for the coming year. Dean has won for the past eight years, and if the experts are to be believed, he would have to drop out not to win it again this year.
Dean could never turn down those eyes.
The wolf trembled. Under Castiel he became so weak, he couldn’t stop himself.
It was ice cold, and deceptively strong, so cold that it felt like a thousand icy knives pierced him all at once.
Dean fought his choking throat to speak. “Farewell, Castiel.”
Upon seeing the group before him, fierce looking Alphas all of them, all after his charges.
The delicacy on the plate is the most delicious thing in the world. Warm apple pie a la mode. If Dean believed in a god, it would be because of this dessert. Only an omnipotent creator could conceive of something so divine. He picks up his spoon and cuts the tip off of the slice, being sure to catch the drip of melting ice cream.
“What has you so pensive this morning?” Cas asks as he wraps his arms around Dean’s back and lets his hands wander. They are lying in a hotel bed, waking up slowly as they have nowhere to be today.
Dean chuckled, kissing him fondly. “I’m going to show you everything, Cas. The whole world. And we’ll be together, forever,” he said, sighing softly into Castiel’s hair, unable to see how he was biting back his sobs.
No. It’s not what Castiel wanted. And that was alright.
started poking through some of the feathers near the base. He didn’t want to hurt his wings, they looked so fragile.
Without a word, he grabbed the bloody angel blade and slit his throat.
“Castiel?” Dean said thoughtfully. “I’ve not heard that name before.”
Dean’s brows raise toward his hairline. “When you’re vague, I know you’re trying to throw me off course. Which club?”
“Are…” Dean asked hesitantly, “Are you hungry?”
“Then what is he? A warlock? Some fell demon? A dark god?”
“Did… did they deserve it?”
For the first time in his life, Cas realizes that none of the castes are without their own problems, their own regrets. There is nothing he can say to ease the situation for Dean’s brother, so he remains quiet.
He wanted nothing more than to keep them safe forever, keep them healthy, keep them warm.
Silent tears fell down Castiel’s cheeks, each word of his lover like a knife wound in his heart.
In the conservatory, at the pinnacle of Dean’s home, Cas reads one of the books from his massive library while he works on a song on his favorite guitar, an acoustic that was passed down from his grandfather. He hums along and adds words to certain melodies, stopping only to write down the lyrics that work with his favorite snippets.
Dean sounds bereft enough that Cas believes him. He sits with those thoughts until they get to the restaurant and bar he works in, and they make their way to the Sabanto entrance at the back. Just then, he realizes that he isn’t carrying his normal ID, so they have to wait for a fellow employee to come out before they can make their way inside.
Being Dean’s valet is as much a curse as it is a blessing. Having him within reach and not really be able to touch him is pure temptation. He has to keep himself in check, not even allowing his face to show his ardent appreciation. Then again, he spends his days at Dean’s side and his evenings alone with the man. It’s a sweet agony that he would do anything to prolong.
The god’s shoulders drooped. “When everyone left, I… I tried to help those along our borders growing crops. Then that was seen as illegal and pagan, sinful witchcraft. They began burning those I helped. So I haven’t used my power in years. I’ve just been teaching, spreading knowledge to those who will listen, who pass through. It isn’t much, but it keeps me alive.”
“Oh, then, what may I call you?” the figure said, sitting down in the snow, hugging the cloak close. “Good? Evil?”
He didn’t need to guess what had happened. He could smell the foreign Alpha’s scent all over Dean.
So that’s why Castiel was here, lying in bed in the middle of the fifth or sixth sleepless night, using the backscratcher to scrape his wings raw.
“What is it?” Cas asks, eyes focused intently on Dean’s teeth worrying at his lip. He wants to tug that lip between his own, suck on it, nip at it.
As for the arrows, well, that’s what makes this special. Arrows made for slaying evil have three components - silver arrowhead, shaft made of black wood and carved with runes, and feathers of a gryphon. Each component must also be enchanted to be more effective. Meg herself isn’t talented enough in enchantments to make arrows strong enough to kill anything greater than a run-of-the-mill demon. She’d need help to make it powerful enough to slay greater demons and dark gods.
“Together in what way, Dean?”
“I carved it with protection and healing runes, so that when you need it, you’ll have it. I even carved it out and put a couple drops of my blood in it and sealed it in - mother taught me that blood magic works best for protection and healing. And, that way, I’ll always be with you, by your side, to protect you, heal you, and keep you safe.”
Oh, god, but he couldn’t stand it, not with Castiel whining like that, the sweetest whines he’d ever heard, each time he bottomed out inside him.
“And you know that using nicknames is not appropriate for the Yumeijin.” He says it kindly, gently, but she still flushes hot and bows her apologies.
But this was different. Different for a reason that wasn’t immediately obvious, but that slowly encroached on his peripheral vision, gathering behind him like a storm.
“I don’t mind. I really don’t. I keep lots of secrets.” Sam laughs at his brother’s scandalized look.
The kiss isn’t their finest. They are out of practice and desperation causes them to knock their teeth together as often as their lips. But it is fulfilling. It makes them whole again.
At last, he spoke, voice shaky and cracking. “…Cas?” he said, beginning to tremble. “Is it you?”
“Oh?” Dean said, unable to hold back his blush at the compliment.
“What? Oh,” Dean said, completely flustered.
But that’s not what caught his attention.
“Wait. What happened this morning?”
When they are at Dean’s home moments later, Cas uses his new ID bracelet to let them in. With his new position came new possibilities. His credits are practically unlimited so long as he is using them for house expenses or for whatever Dean might need. While he is out of the house on business, he can also spend freely. He’s seen more currency spent in the past two months than in the entire rest of his life. Not that Dean spends much at all. It’s all spent for him.
Now, triplets aren’t exactly commonplace, and premature birth for such is not unexpected. No, that wasn’t what was abnormal. Because, you see, male Omegas are rare. And they’re rare for a reason.
Dean blinked in shock at the little Omega.
Castiel sighed. “No. I’m not.”
“I ate earlier.”
Cas stepped in the room and shut the door behind him. “Dean?” he asked.
“Dean, Dean, look at me!” he said, grabbing his mate’s jaw and moving it to face him. There was a brief flicker of life, a little gasp of air, a tiny whimper. “Yes, Dean, come on. Hold on.”
But now, even in the somehow dry warmth, now even back to being able to feel their limbs. Now there was their other problem.
Dean at last released a sigh of relief. “It’s alright, you’re going to be fine,” he said, gently pulling the ex-Angel and his pathetically flopping tail over to Dean’s bed - more suited to a Naga body - and laying it down.
Dean chuckled at the compliment, blushing slightly.
He was being summoned. Someone was threatening harm on a family. On his land.
He quickly settled into his soft nest and began quickly pleasuring himself. Oh, the oil made his hands so slick, felt so good.
Knowing that they would be coming out here soon, Cas had supplemented his education with information about their planet, including animal species, climates, and even a little astronomy. Dean has seen a few little stars late at night up in the hills between towns, but Cas had told him there are literally billions of them. It’s a number and a place that he can’t fathom.
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel whispered, tears no longer spilling from his eyes. He set his jaw. “I love you with all my heart.”
“Well, I-”
“How did you meet?”
Then he felt it. A hand grabbing his arm, yanking him aside, pinning his chest against a wall. He was so weak, mind so hazy. Around him, the scent of aroused Alpha and old smoke. He shivered. It was getting so hot.
“I don’t think I will, but I’ll keep that in mind,” he said, still not completely trusting her.
Minutes go by, building the fire between them again. When he relents for necessary breath, Cas curses. “Fuck, Dean. Are you sure this is all new to you?”
Dean’s lips part. His brow furrows with disbelief. “Kiss me.”
” he heard his wolf shout.
Cas answers with a smile. “I will do everything. You just sit back and enjoy, okay?”
He prayed silently.
to be free?”
He buried his face in the furs, pretending it was his love’s tousled hair.
“Yes, Cas. Please.” His hands release their clenching grip on the sheets and grab for anything they can reach of Cas’s body.
“That’s it,” Pamelia said, worry lacing her voice.
“We have not met.”
Castiel blushed at the compliment, turning away to hide his burning cheeks. “You flatter me.”
Dean scowls. “What do you want to do to me?”
Dean’s timing had always been terrible, it seems.
The horror on Cas’s face is the last thing he sees before he feels a jolt race through his body and turn off his conscious mind.
Something caught in Dean’s throat. A completely different pain that crushed his heart.
Somewhere new. Every time he was moved to somewhere new, there was a different torture, a different hell.
People didn’t ask how. They didn’t ask why. Which was fortunate, as Dean didn’t exactly know how to tell them about Castiel in a way that didn’t make him sound terrifying.
“No, please. Please stay,” Dean begged, heart shattering in his chest. “Please.”
“I want to create a museum that celebrates our world before we came to live in this sterile environment. I want everyone to be able to enjoy these relics so they can better understand our history and our ancestors.”
“Castiel!” Hester shouted, grabbing her commander and healing the wound as he lay unconscious in her grasp.
“Watch, Dean.” Cas breathes, wiping Dean’s release from his hip and using it to coat his own cock. “I’m going to use your come to finish me off.”
“Uh, there’s not a lot to tell.” He gestures to the Sabanto robes. “As you can imagine, my job is meaningless, but necessary.”
He kissed his mate gently.
Castiel nodded with a contented sigh.
“Then, why are you-”
All the while, beneath the surface, his mind is churning with possibilities. What if he didn’t win the pageant this year? Would he lose Roman as a sponsor? Would he lose his recording contract? Would he continue to act?
It wasn’t a question. It was a command.
True, there was always a quiet stillness before a Black Moon, with all the creatures hiding from the evil and fell things that would be released in the blackened dark.
“So the crows were you,” he said, forcing his voice level and cool. She gave him a mock bow.
“Castiel?” he said upon reaching the den mouth. The dark den mouth. Stale and old, littered with leaves and dirt.
“Which one to do want to try first?” Cas asks when he gets to the rack of new suits that have been altered.
“No way am I coming up there,” his brother grouses, which pulls a laugh from Dean and Cas simultaneously.
“Don’t worry, little ones. I’ll take care of you. I promise.”
The thought of what Dean’s future holds keeps interfering with his excitement and happiness, though he does his best to force it away. He knows that this affair is not to last. Dean is promised to someone of his caste. He will either be auctioned off as most of the ‘glam gods’ are, or have an arranged marriage. Cas is under no delusion that Dean can be his. Still, the magic of seeing how intrigued Dean is by him is going straight to his head.
The wolf smirked wryly. “Bad luck and I are old friends.”
“Ta very much, doll,” the platinum blond preens and then takes in Dean’s exotic makeup and costume. Dean makes small talk, but looks for the first opportunity to get away.
Why did things have to be this way? Why did he have to meet that lone wolf? Why couldn’t he just be content with how things were?
Dean went limp again. Cas didn’t stop singing.
It was terrifying.
“Next Black Moon, come here, and wait for me. Come alone.”
He couldn’t shake that sick feeling in his stomach, though. The feeling that something was wrong.
“You stole that package?”
“Perhaps,” Castiel said thoughtfully, before reaching up to kiss the wolf’s forehead. “May you be blessed on your path,” he whispered. After a long moment, his hand fell from Dean’s cheek.
This was perfect. He felt so complete, so
His Dean was dead.
“Damn you,” he growled. He wasn’t sure at whom. At himself, at the world, at fate, at Dean… he didn’t know. “Damn you,” he said as tears ran down his face.
“This is an act that builds intimacy between us, right?”
Dean nods and follows him sedately. As they get closer to the edge of the dome, he watches Dean covertly. His eyes dart everywhere, but he doesn’t speak.
The Angel stirred for a bit before wincing. His wounded leg and arm announced their state loudly. But it was a lot more dim than it had been. He nodded.
more sensitive there.
Megara is a wolf druid hailing from Thrace. She’s a young but learned druid, only eighty or so years of age, but she has a skill for enchantments, hexes, and alchemy - thus giving her the title of Megara the Alchemist. Her magic usually involves the mixing of ingredients to achieve a result. In modern terms, she’s a witch.
The Omega chuckled. “Of course! I’ve never met anyone like you, Dean. The world has been so cruel to you, yet you remain so gentle,” he said, tilting his head and cocking an eyebrow, as if trying to figure Dean out. “And you’re the only person who has ever surprised me.”
“Do you think that Cas might be?”
“Alright, alright,” Crowley barks. “Yes, he’s gorgeous. He was beautiful before, and he always will be. Can we please get back to work? Mr. Winchester has a concert to perform this evening.”
“Think about what?” Now that his torso is practically covered, Cas can let himself look. Dean’s body is in prime condition thanks to a regimented diet and hours of exercise every day. Just the sight of his abdominal muscles makes Cas weak in the knees. He’s had dreams about what he would love to do to those muscles given the opportunity. All of them too pornographic to give voice to.
“No, but I’ve never had someone overtly flirt with me, so I’m at a loss.”
Thus, Dean ran as fast as his three legs could carry him towards the den, praying that he wouldn’t be late. He couldn’t let Castiel think he left him again.
The door unlocks automatically with his ID bracelet, and he drags himself into the echoing, cavernous front hall. Every footstep sounds like an ominous clap on the pristine, uncut slab of marble. Dean is exhausted and doesn’t try to silence his heavy footfalls. Speaking of his brother, Samuel pokes his head out of their downstairs library and waves Dean in.
“Why does that feel a thousand times better than pleasuring myself?”
“You… you don’t know what you’re doing,” it at last whispered out, almost half in silence as its throat filled with blood.
“Shit, you are gone on that pretty thing, aren’t you?”
Cas watches his face, pondering. Finally, he looks down at his hands. “I wish you hadn’t been there to see that.”
The druid’s turfhouse was near the edge of the pack’s territory, away from everyone else, as, while they depended on Megara for certain needs and provided her with anything she needed or wanted, everyone was still a bit frightened of her, of her powers. It was and has always been a tenuous alliance. After all, magic is a terrifying thing in this dangerous world.
Cas nodded, spreading his legs wider.
His eyes were heavy, but he couldn’t help but watch as Dean quickly cleaned up after everything and started forming a makeshift bed on the other side of the room on which to sleep. After all, he didn’t wish to be improper with his spouse.
“He doesn’t have freckles,” Cas grins.
Dean laughed warmly. “Careful,” he said, smiling.
The rival pack staged a full-on guerrilla assault. Shows how desperate they were.
Since Dean has taken up with Cas, he has found his way out of the dark. On the other side of it, he realizes how insignificant his life was before. The fame, the career, the wealth. It doesn’t mean anything to him besides affording him the means to do what he really loves; make music.
His audience with the monks is lovely. Formal, of course, but very enlightening. Cas is intrigued by their history and the art they had collected and kept safe for centuries, and his interest ingratiates them with the monks. Apparently all it takes to break through the thick barriers of culture is to bring Cas along.
“Let us sit and speak calmly,” Dean says loudly, gesturing towards the dining room. “There is room for everyone.”
When Sam comes home from meeting with his advisor, he finds his brother sitting in their kitchen alone in the dark, a combination of morose and furious. After a few attempts at small talk, he realizes that Dean is seriously out of sorts. It’s so unlike him that Sam pulls up a chair next to him and tries to coerce him to talk.
“You’re not. It’s just the triplets,” he said, matter-of-factly.
The moment he was done, Dean left his quarters to knock on Castiel’s door. Now, being mates, there was a door between both their quarters that they could use to feely traverse and visit each other, but they never used it, always keeping it locked. For propriety’s sake. After all, their relationship wasn’t like that.
“That was good, Dean. That was so good. One more push, only one more push. Please. This is almost over. You’re almost done.”
“Oh, come on. That can’t be true.”
She’s a close friend of the leader of the pack on whose land she resides, as her own pack was slain. While she will do work for travelers or members of other packs, she usually does enchantments for her own pack - though, of course, they do not trust her completely. No one trusts a druid.
“Oh,” he said, lost in thought. “I can probably get some of the lower-level ingredients while I ask around for the blood and search for the feathers. So probably those first.”
It feels good to protect these items for future generations. One day, he will create a safe space for people of all castes to come and learn about the world before Kanpeki Basho. Until then, he will keep them protected.
“Ben,” he breathed out. “Ben…”
“It was your blood that healed us. Worthy blood.”
But he remembered the knot. Deep inside him, coming thickly.
“Please, please, Castiel. Don’t leave me,” he whispered as a tear fell unbidden down his cheek. “Please…”
Castiel was about to protest again, but he was starting to feel lightheaded from the blood loss. And Dean’s arms were so warm…
Yet another thing that he would change if he could. Dean’s early years were spent seated at the same table with his younger brother, Samuel, who has always been able to eat twice as much as Dean because of his metabolism and activity level. It’s the only thing about his brother that Dean has ever resented.
A fire from the embers.
“Oh, if you’re there, please, god, protect us.”
“That obvious?” Cas asked, doing his best to keep a hold of himself.
He lifts his chin and states clearly, “Yes, but not for the reasons you might think. I’m liberating it-”
“We have to get the baby out,” Hester said, remaining calm, despite Cas’s heart pounding in his chest.
Castiel shuddered, grabbing onto him.
“Dean, no…”
Dean’s stomach turns as he sits and lets the makeup and hair person dismantle all of the careful manipulation of his hair and face. That’s not how he really feels. He doesn’t agree with that message at all. He wants to tell his fans that they are important, as are their interests. His contract expressly prohibits him from making any comment against the government or its laws, though.
“Well, that’s their loss, then. I get to be the first one to flirt with you.”
The ground beneath them gave way, sending them tumbling into the river.
His stomach tied itself in knots as Cas rushed downstairs. Dean wasn’t in the kitchen, despite the ingredients laid out neatly on the counter.
“It sounds like a fairy tale.”
“You…” the thing tried to say, but its voice was too weak.
“I know right now it’s difficult, having to wait an entire cycle to see each other. I can hardly bear it sometimes. But, one day, whatever person or thing that holds this power over you will be gone, or you’ll escape from them, and one day you will be able to stay. One day you will be free. I know you will. It’s so painful waiting sometimes, so very painful, but it’s worth it for that day, Castiel. Because I love you.”
At that, Castiel returned to his quarters, the embarrassment of what he’d just asked dropping on him like a fifty ton weight.
Castiel smiled faintly, before grabbing Dean’s still intact right arm and pulling him down. “I need you to kneel with me, Dean. I don’t know if I’ll be able to stand.”
_________________________
“Yes, we’re very proud of you,” Rowena said, annoyed at the delay.
“Give me a couple minutes. If you’re not enthusiastically enjoying it by then, I’ll stop. Okay?”
Another scream.
And, for the first time in his life, he wept.
Pointedly clearing his throat, Crowley lays out a tragic story. “One of the fans got out of control. She was pushing through the crowd trying to get closer to the stage. She was warned several times to stay back from the fence, but she kept trying to climb over it.”
“So you do all this, then, because I am beautiful?” Castiel said, raising his chin and meeting Dean’s gaze. “That you might woo me, perhaps? What if I were to tell you I had no interest in being a mate?”
“Come back to me,” he prayed. “Come back to me, please. Please, Castiel.”
“Oh, that’s too bad. And the climate’s so rough for Angels; it’s just so humid.”
Once they are on the same level, Dean finally lets himself look his fill. Castiel’s eyes are stunning, but as they make small talk, Dean is truly taken with his mouth. His lips are wide and thick, and he has this habit of speaking in rounded syllables that draws attention to their plump beauty. He finds himself losing the words in favor of watching the movement.
, but it didn’t taste
But Castiel didn’t reply. He merely knelt there, head bowed, hands clutched against his chest, there in the near pitch dark of a Black Moon.
He looked down at himself, sans his mandatory belt, and immediately a blush flushed his whole body.
Once Cas heard Dean goof around on his guitar, making up silly words to make him laugh, he had encouraged him to write songs. “Even if no one else ever hears it, Dean, it is worth doing. Do it for yourself, not for them.”
Dean blinks a few times and then flushes a fuchsia that Cas has never seen.
“Down!”
“It’s okay, Sam. We don’t have to talk about it. I won’t put you in the position to have to deny it.”
“May I?” Cas gestures to the elaborate hair extensions wrapped around into horns.
He, the guardian of families, had failed his charge, had failed them all.
Castiel nearly cried out for joy, Jimmy pulling himself up near the pit. There, they held each other as they warmed up, taking off their wet clothes to dry them.
Cas leans back and thinks. “Very green. Nature has taken over what used to be a city right outside of the dome walls.
“The one you were so upset about missing last month.”
“Who are you?” Cas asks without looking away from his task.
“It is no problem,” Dean says automatically. It feels scripted and it sours something inside Cas’s gut.
Before he could continue, Castiel grabbed his head and pulled him in for a kiss.
“I’m sorry about earlier. I got nervous and I just-”
Dean looks up at Cas’s intrigued face. “He wishes that he could be Gakusha instead. He would be a great teacher.”
free you, Cas. I promise.”
“Dean, I have to go. I’ll wait for you outside.” He uses his sweetest tone of voice that belies the anger and embarrassment he’s feeling.
“Mm-hmm.”
Goddamn it.
She bore a smirk, and a long, curling shock of hair, red as fire.
But, yet, at the same time, his heat craved for him. The conflict within him stole the words from his mouth, leaving him only with a soft whimper.
“If we’re quiet, we might make it,” he said, thankful that the water was high enough to cover the source of their heatscent.
And there, in his arms, Castiel soon fell asleep.
Dean looked up at him, eyes wide. Wide with fear.
Like before, Castiel gulped down the whole spoonful at once. “That’s so incredible. I wish I could try every way there was to eat fish.”
Dean laughed in between heavy panting. “Well, it had to end, or else my heart was going to burst,” Dean said with a grin. “So, since you won’t turn into a wolf, may I at least guess your fur color?”
“We have a lot to discuss, but if everything checks out, yes. I will help you.”
His Dean was gone.
At a place they called Heaven.
Castiel sighed, biting his lip to keep from wincing as the Naga finished wrapping his leg. He hated being like this, being unable to do anything, he was supposed to be out there, doing things.
than his own, and pointed, with a partially formed knot at its base. “Is mine supposed to be that size?”
Today, his Zen meditation is marred by the presence of blue eyes that he’d only seen for a few minutes in the restaurant. It was enough. Dean is certain that color doesn’t exist anywhere else in the world. He’s never seen it in all of his years. Beyond the color, those eyes seemed to see deeper into Dean than anyone else has ever tried to look. The questions Cas had asked weren’t about his celebrity status, his work, or who dressed him for the evening.
In the subsequent attempts, Dean has gotten used to the sensations enough to have some staying power, but Cas wants him to lose his mind again.
“But you’re worth it, Castiel. You’re the most fascinating person I’ve ever met, and the most beautiful Omega I’ve ever seen. Anyone who doesn’t treat you like something precious is a fool.”
Dean stands still, dumbfounded. He wonders if Cas has felt this way for the past two and a half years. He wonders when he stopped asking for Cas’s opinion on things. Dean’s anger goes out like a flame devoid of oxygen, and his entire body suddenly feels heavy with guilt.
Mr. Novak-Winchester.”
Sam chuckles, “I bet. Well, now you have Dean to warm you up -.”
“Where are you going?” Cas asked.
John Winchester had a quick temper and a drinking problem. Combine those two things, and you got a very unsafe household. Sam grew up with Bobby and Dean raising him, while Dean grew up cleaning up his father’s messes. He was in a dark place for a while, and while he could hide it from Sammy, his uncle Bobby knew him all too well. He started high school with no hope of graduating, but then, he met Castiel.
Dean had to laugh, and was promptly rewarded with a glare from Cas. “What?” he asked, grinning.
Balthazar looked amused. “Good. Do you know how to use a gun?”
“Yes, well,
He watched for about a minute before he couldn’t take it anymore. He’d driven home quickly after that, locked himself in his room for a few hours to cry.
Fear that Cas would break him.
"Whatever you say, old man."
“Wait, so what does this have to do with Cas?”
“We’ll go after the exam on Thursday,” Dean suggested over dinner that evening. They were in the dining hall, per Castiel’s request. Dean didn’t mind at all, food was food and he was starved.
Dean narrowed his eyes, nails digging into his palms to keep himself from lunging at the man in front of him, “You.”
The woman laughed, and Castiel and Dean gave each other equally confused looks. The women then held out her hand.
"Bobby, he’s just a kid! If I bring him into The Life…" Dean trails, remembering how he was thrown head first into the so-called Life. He doesn’t want that for Ben, and something in him aches.
“He gets that way with people he cares about, especially when they’re hurt.” Sam gestured toward Castiel’s broken hand. “But he means well. He did the same thing to me after the truck accident.”
“I was really young, it’s okay. I don’t know why I brought it up, I’m sorry,” Dean apologized, desperate to change the subject. “Please, just get in the car. Aren’t you starving? I’m starving.”
“Where are you staying?” Dean asks, purposely changing the subject.
"You called me cute, I believe? I am aware that such an adjective is usually used as a compliment -."
Cas blinks a couple times before nodding, pulling her legs out from under the rest of her body and sliding on her shoes. Dean is still holding her hand when she steps out, and it’s a good thing he is because Cas takes all but four steps and trips on a crack in the worn pavement, landing in Dean’s arms with a yelp.
"Jerk!" Sam laughs, "Anyway, it’s nice to see you, Cas! How was Italy?"
close proximity.
Cas swallows before responding. “They’ve been plaguing me for days now. Sleep is still…an adjustment, and the nightmares are quite unpleasant.”
“Watching me sleep again, Cas? You know that’s creepy, right?” Dean said, voice gruff and thick with sleep.
Dean laughed, “Why can’t it be both?”
“Well, today’s your last day here, so…and you bought all of this cereal…” Cas shrugged again before sitting down. “Thought you’d like it.”
“No, it’s not, Cas!” Dean yelled suddenly, his voice muffled by his position on the ground. “Sammy’s supposed to be alive, and you’re supposed to be graduating, and I’m...I’m – dammit!” Dean’s fist hit the ground again, and Cas winced. He hated to see Dean like this, but he wasn’t sure how to make it better; he couldn’t give Dean his brother back, and he was beginning to feel useless.
He’d heard of the consent laws problem – people were angry because doctors weren’t allowed to let anyone besides immediate family members make decisions for their loved ones who couldn’t decide for themselves. Personally, Dean thought that was pretty shitty. His Uncle Bobby wasn’t really his uncle, but he probably knew him and Sam better than their own father, who was almost always away on business. But if something happened, and one of them ended up in the hospital, Bobby would have absolutely no say, and that just wasn’t right.
Dean scoffs and throws a pillow at him. “You’re a perv, man.”
Standing there, in ripped jeans and a fucking
“I don’t plan on staying long,” Castiel replied curtly, but he took a few steps forward.
“I could never do such a thing,” Cas answers, resolute, like it’s always been true.
"Foreign," Cas answers, "and colder than I expected."
“The hell!?” Dean exclaimed suddenly after twenty minutes of silence.
But Dean’s not sure if that’s possible.
“C’mere, you idjits,” he said before pulling both boys into a crushing hug. Dean was immediately reminded of the day after his father died, and how Bobby had hugged both Sam and Dean in the same fashion. He tried not to dwell on that, though; he wouldn’t be able to hold it together.
“Well which one is it gonna be?” Cas asked, and when Dean raised an eyebrow, he explained, “‘Angel’? Or ‘blue eyes’?”
to be faster than this. “You’ve been amazing through all of this, Cas. We’ll find a way to make it work.”
Dean stilled, turning his head to listen closer.
“Aw, babe, come on,” Dean teased, picking up a bottle of body wash – his own, evidently – and pouring it into his hands. He rubbed his hands together and placed them on Cas’s wet shoulders. “Don’t be like that,” he whispered, and Cas made a sound of protest, but didn’t move away.
Meg [09:15] > Isn’t he on some crazy diet where he never drinks coffee?
“I don’t know how,” Castiel breathed, trying to steady himself, “I don’t… there are things that happened that I can’t – Dean, I want to tell you, I do,” he promised, because he really did, “but I don’t know how to tell you. There’s just so much, and –.”
“Didn’t you?” he repeated.
and hugged his older brother, promising him that Castiel would be okay. He had to be okay.
“I fell,” Cas admits with regret, “Metatron took my grace, Dean. I’m…human.”
“Honey-Nut, pretty please?”
You already gave the boy a nickname. Just how gone are you, Mr. Winchester?”
“Not fair,” he grunts from the padded floor of the gym, rolling over to push himself up, “You have angel powers.”
hand out his clothes and assume he wouldn’t mind. Luckily for Sam, he didn’t mind one bit.
and you were late, and he asked where you were! Which means he notices you, Castiel. He knows when you’re not there. He
Lucifer gasped, an open palm slapped against his chest in feigned shock. “Castiel, how could you suggest such a thing? I would never kill my own father!”
“- yet,” Dean finished. “Not yet.”
Then the rest of Dean’s sentence catches up with the secretary.
“No,” Dean shakes his head, his eyes never leaving Cas’s glistening blues. He thinks there are tears there, but he doesn’t mention it. “No, you are not going to sit here and blame yourself for all of this. Metatron tricked you, didn’t he? You trusted him, and he turned out to be an absolute dick. That’s not your fault, man! Please tell me you understand that.”
” Dean emphasized, “I can’t ask you to skip your graduation!”
“Oh, no,” Dean whispered, pulling Cas against his chest. “Don’t let Crowley get into your head, okay? He’s just an asshole professor, that’s all.”
“That’s alright,” Charlie answered, scribbling something down on the paper in front of her. “Do we know where Lucifer is?”
“But, Dean –.”
,” Cas replies, finger quotes and all. “Can’t spar in my suit.”
“The Garrison? The drug cartel?” Dean asked. He’d heard of the group before he’d transferred to the university; they were rumored to have sold to students around campus.
They get into the party pretty easily, dressed up like rich assholes. Sam and Jack sneak upstairs to look for anyone that may already be a hostage to the shifters, while Dean and Cas stand watch at the bar, silver in hand to test anyone that gets close. Sam was able to find them some earpieces so they can communicate even if they split up. Dean is giddy about the new tech, but no one needs to know that.
Meg [09:16] > Oh boy. And do you?
“Two weeks?” Castiel’s eyes went wide. It had only felt like a day or so. “Dean… what the
Sure enough, Cas is sitting in one of the fancy library chairs reading an old book. He sits with his legs crossed, leaning on the arm of the chair as he flips a page, blue eyes shining even in the lowlight of the room. His trench coat lays over the back of the chair, and his tie is loose around his neck. For a second, Dean forgets he’s an Angel of the Lord, and sees his best friend, someone he cares about, safe and relaxed in their home.
To Dean's surprise, Cas sunk right into Dean's arms, accepting the hug immediately.
“Oh, that,” Cas shrugs, “The detective noticed your beauty, I simply thought you should know that I agree. You
"What? Oh," Cas bent both arms at the elbows, "yeah, I got these when I lived somewhere in Wyoming."
“Alright. Jack, you okay?”
Dean gave her a small wave goodbye before heading out the door. He was a bit surprised because Tessa was actually really cute, and yet he’d remained completely neutral and friendly.
Castiel threw the linens down with a huff. “I’m sorry Sam’s dead, okay?” He hissed, barely restraining his annoyance. Dean had every right to be upset, but Cas was not about to be the on the receiving end of Dean’s meanness. “I miss him, too, you know. You’re not the only one dealing with this. He was my frien-.”
Cas pulls their faces together, and kisses him.
Cas. Cas who Dean needed. Cas who always came when Dean called. Cas was different, Cas was
“You’ve got it wrong, dude, Cas here is just my roommate! He wanted Italian, so I said, why not? In fact, I’m only friends with you because you can get me a discount,” Dean joked.
And just like that, he was back in his shell, losing the light at the end of the tunnel he got dropped in.
“Missed you, too,” Dean responds, leaning back in for another kiss. “Sorry it took so long.”
gonna believe this,” he says, peeling away from the other vehicles in the lot.
Before Castiel could say a word, Dean replied, “Actually, yeah, we do.” He stood from his chair and stuffed his notebook back into his bag.
Meg [09:21] > OMG. HE READ IT.
“Dean –.”
Dean shakes his head, letting out a frustrated sigh.
After finishing his pizza, he chanced a look at Cas and regretted his decision immediately. Cas had just swallowed a forkful of spaghetti and was licking his lips just as Dean looked up.
“Correct! Very good,” Al mocked, still playing with his knife. “Lucifer put a price on his brother’s head, and I’ve been swimming in money for a while now, but apparently,” Al spat, “that little shit is still alive.”
"I want to apologize, for staying away for so long."
“Yeah. I’ve heard some things about you, Trickster.”
to get out of there. He was older, more mature, and better at hiding it, but it was there. He wasn’t going to admit to attempted murder, because that would mean it was over – he’d be thrown into jail after jail, forgotten. But he knew that he had valuable information, names of accomplices, and they wouldn’t put him away just yet. He was playing a game, like the sick bastard he was, and Castiel decided that he wouldn’t play along – he’d make up his own game.
“Hey,” Tessa said quietly, placing a hand over Dean’s, “I don’t need to know. Let me get these filled for you, okay?” she smiled, and Dean smiled back.
Dean stares at the pan in his hand for a moment before looking up at a Cas. “So you don’t want…any of this.”
Dean doesn’t expect this, and makes a strangled noise in pure surprise. Cas immediately pulls back, worry lines apparent on his forehead.
“Yes, well, I didn’t think it was relevant seeing as we just met – hello!?”
“No, I asked you; I wanted to know. I need to know.”
Castiel walked over and sat down, pulling his legs underneath him. Dean reached down and picked up the blanket, throwing it over both of them and leaning back with an unnecessarily loud exhale.
Cas looks down at himself for a moment, but when he looks back up, he’s smiling, too. “All good memories, I presume?”
"Yeah?" Dean replied, still catching his breath.
“Why?” Castiel asked aloud, “I don’t… I didn’t… Why?” Tears filled his eyes and he felt Anna’s thin fingers wrap around his own.
“Okay, say I believe you,” Cas starts, finishing off his beer, “What do you suppose I do about it?”
He turned to Kevin.
“Yeah, and she wants to break it off,” Sam deadpanned.
“Dean,” Cas states firmly, moving from the couch to the floor, kneeling in front of his boyfriend. He grabs his hands and looks him in the eyes. “You are
Dean moved his fingers away, gaping, and Cas turned to face him, face flushed in embarrassment.
Dean smiled. “Because you know me better than anyone, Sammy. So, when do I get to meet this girl?”
rolled his eyes. "This is how Dean behaves when he's emotional: he acts like he's emotion
Cas picked the spoons out of the sink, rinsed them, and turned off the faucet. “If we ignore the cardiac arrest I just experienced, yes, I’m fine.”
“No,” Dean said firmly, his eyes on the floor. “I can’t believe I forgot your graduation date. I can’t believe I asked you to come with me on this stupid road trip to nowhere, god! I’m such an idiot, of course you can’t come; you have things to do! Real, important things to do and here I am screwing it up like I always do.”
On Wednesday’s, Dean sees Cassie Robinson, a local councilwoman, and Dean’s first girlfriend. They were on and off all through high school, then she went away for college and graduate school. When she moved back home, she was surprised that Dean had run for mayor and actually won, but apparently it made him more attractive. A one-night stand turned into multiple nights together, until they just decided to see each other regularly.
They were blue, like Castiel’s own – the only trait they shared – except lighter. He didn’t look tired or bored or the least bit guilty. He looked…
“Cas!” Dean barked. He must have been calling his name for some time now. “Where’d you go, man, you okay?”
Dean looked up then, and after a beat, he got up and walked to Castiel, who stood as well.
Dean reached into his back pocket and pulled out his phone so he could text his uncle. There were a couple texts from Cas waiting on his screen.
"Hello, Dean," he said, and although exhaustion masked his voice, Dean knew for certain that this was his angel.
spoke about Lucifer. His older brother had been disowned when Castiel was only twelve, and he hadn’t seen him since. Their relationship had been…strained, to say the least. Luci always seemed to hold some sort of grudge against Castiel, but he never said why, and Castiel never got the chance to ask.
Castiel thought. He hadn’t meant to bring that up just yet. Dean’s eyebrow were raised as he waited for an answer, but just then, the door to room 3A swung open.
, Dean thought, rubbing a hand down his face. The guilt that washed over him earlier began pulling at him once more. He walked into the kitchen.
“That you did,” Dean smiled. He pulled out a chair and sat down, “what’s the occasion?”
“Dean –.”
Dean stares back at Cas like he’s grown another head.
From Bobby S.: Of course, son. C U then. U should call.
“What it is?” Dean asked. “She have two heads or something?”
Cas, who had been tapping the screen of his phone, looked back at Dean. “As I’ll ever be,” he sighed, but smiled.
Dean sat up slowly and patted the sofa cushion next to him, “That makes two of us.”
“Don’t freak, I’ve got a gun filled with blanks in the drawer beneath the counter. You know, to scare off any potential thieves. As long as you look like you know what you’re doing, I think we’ll be fine.”
"Good," Dean breathed, "that's good." He still couldn't believe it.
Warning: PLOT DEVELOPMENT, FLUFF, AND SAMMY! C:
"And," Cas continues, "I knew I’d terminate the pregnancy if you weren’t on board. I’d do that for you."
who did this to me?!” Castiel exclaimed, unable to believe his ears.
Dean reached up with his hand to scratch the back of his neck, something Castiel now recognized as a nervous gesture. “Well, yeah,” Dean started, looking away from Castiel, “you liked them so much, and…and you didn’t even get to enjoy them because… I mean, I couldn’t throw them away, it would feel like…” Dean took a breath and looked at Castiel again, “it would feel like giving up. On you. And I couldn’t do that. Even when the roses died, I just…” Dean swallowed, and Castiel turned to face him.
Castiel.
"What? No! No, Cas I’m… You just —," Dean pinches the bridge of his nose and curses. He doesn’t know how to say,
Dean had to laugh - of course, his little brother
“Oh, he knows,” Cas was fuming, and Dean kept his distance. He had never seen Cas so angry before. Honestly, it was a little hot.
When he reached the bus station, Cas sat in the seats outside. It was April, and the air was cool at night. Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a row of payphones.
"Well, I know how much Dean values tradition, and since your parents are deceased, I thought asking you for his hand would be most appropriate," Cas explains. He'd asked his siblings about this, and they'd agreed. They would never steer him wrong. Right?
"Hey, Cas," he greeted with a small smile. He was about to say something else when Cas grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him into a strong hug. If anyone else had done that, Dean would have pulled away immediately. But this was his best friend, who had obviously heard the news, trying to comfort him. If Dean was honest with himself, he felt almost numb, but it was nice to feel the warmth of another body around him.
“You smug sonofabitch,” Dean chides.
Dean thought.
“What?”
Dean blinked a few times before nodding again, “Sounds great. Lead the way, Milton.”
“Mister Mayor? Your 9AM is here.”
“It was Lucifer,” Anna’s voice cut in, soft and frail, yet firm. She’d been crying, Castiel could tell. She slowly walked into the room before closing the door behind her. When she looked up at Castiel, her eyes were red. The red in her hair, though, was fading.
“You…never told me the whole story.” With everything going on, Castiel had forgotten all about Al, or whatever his name was, and the pharmacy incident that Dean had promised to explain in detail.
. You were out for almost two weeks. Professor Crowley even started letting me skip, because the assignments couldn’t be done without a lab partner.”
“Look, I know it’s not really any of my business, but you’re my brother’s soul mate, so you’re kind of like family now, anyway. I want him to be happy, but he won’t be happy if you’re not alright. From what Gabe has told me, you’ve been through a lot.”
Cas laughed at that, which made Dean smile. He hadn’t realized how much he missed the sound of Cas’s laugh, or his scent, or his sex hair,
“Sam said you would be opposed to this.”
“Hey, Dean,” it was Sam on the other end, and he sounded weird.
“Where have you been?” Cas moved to sit up straighter and winced, one hand pressing against his side, “Of course I’m awake, I was worried! You left almost an hour ago, but the pharmacy is just down the street, so I thought you – I thought – and I don’t have my damn phone, so I couldn’t call to see if you were okay and –.”
"Uh oh, have you been naughty this year, Mr. Winchester?"
about my feelings. I deal with…” Dean swallowed before continuing, “with grief, in ways that aren’t recommended, you
“Whoa, are you sure?” Dean took a tentative step forward, “Don’t you wanna wait till you’re feeling better?”
“What can I do for you, sir?” Cas asks innocently.
at her, anyway. She was too busy giggling to notice. “The guys aren’t so bad, either,” Dean admitted openly, giving Castiel a quick side glance.
Dean groaned, ignoring the texts and finding Bobby in his contacts. He knew he should call, but he wasn’t up for a conversation about his dead brother just yet. He opened a new thread and started typing.
“Hush, you will,” she replies, calling for the bartender to bring them tequila shots. “Alright, my point is, I don’t think Mayor Winchester is as cold and heartless as you think he is.”
“Pepperoni pizza, please. And a Sprite. Oh! And some pie. Gotta have my pie.”
“And wherever I go after that, yeah.”
They look at each other again, Dean’s eyebrows raised in question.
“Do you want to talk about what happened at this pharmacy, Dean?” Charlie’s voice was kind. She wasn’t pushing, and Dean appreciated that.
Castiel’s heart sunk. Another funeral for yet another Winchester, and Dean was the only one left. Cas was about to ask when the funeral was, but Dean spoke up again.
“Who told you
“Shopping,” he replies.
Dean gaped for a second, and then smirked. No way would he give up the chance to see Sam squirm over a girl. He could manage to stuff down a burger or two.
“What was that about?” Cas asked.
then he kissed him again, softer, his hands resting on Cas’s cheeks.
“God, you’re beautiful,” he whispers.
“Yeah, Cas?”
Cas looks down at his shoes. “Yes.”
“Three.”
“No, no, this isn’t Lucifer.”
“She’ll probably hug you and tell you how sorry she is and all that stuff,” Sam said, so quietly that Dean had to strain to hear him. “I didn’t want you to meet her just to have her bring all that up.”
“Almost,” Dean teases, “I’ll see you in a bit, okay?”
“Words, Cas,” Dean tells him. “Take your time.”
Castiel thought, and decided that he liked him.
"I heard that!" Dean calls as he opens the front door and steps outside. It’s April, and everything is green. It’s only starting to get warm, but Dean rolls up his sleeves anyway. He takes a deep breath and plops himself down on the porch steps, taking a sip from the beer bottle. He almost wishes he wasn’t alone right now, because now he’s thinking - thinking about how calm he is,
Dean moved out of the way, dropping Castiel’s hand, and he immediately missed the warmth. “Get over here, you menace,” Cas said to Gabriel, smiling and waving him over. He’d have to continue his conversation with Dean later. For now, he was just excited to see his little brother.
“I uh, well I’ve been shooting before –.”
Castiel thought, but he fell asleep with a smile on his face.
tattoo yet, so he could shove it. Sam responded with the usual
When Dean made it to the parking lot of his dormitory, he pulled his phone out of where he had stuffed it in his jacket pocket and dialed Cas’s number. It rang only once before Cas picked up.
“You won’t,” Cas assures, “and if you do, we’ll find you another job.”
"Well it's been eight months, Dean, but yes. I am mortal."
He barely has time to exhale and process the situation before someone else is calling his name again.
"Why the hell would you do that?"
They walked to the front doors of the small building, Dean once again holding the door open for his roommate, while Castiel thanked him quietly.
"Hey," Dean whispered, squeezing Cas's hand, "it was good."
Dean thought. He was a bit hungry though, so he figured he could grab some food before the morning rush. Dean crawled out of bed and slowly stood up to stretch, careful not to wake Castiel. They had fallen asleep early the night before, but Dean figured that Castiel could use the rest; they had to be at the sheriff department before 12:30 that afternoon, right after their biology lecture.
“Hey,” Dean said, his hand pressed to the small of Castiel’s back. He looked like he was trying to hide his concern, but Castiel saw right through him.
“I know,” he says, “but I wanted to.”
“Dean, I’m okay, I promise,” Cas answers calmly.
Dean raises a brow, “Since when you do spar?”
“Yeah?” Dean answered, wide awake. He stood up and looked at Castiel with those dazzling emerald eyes if his, glazed over from crying. When Castiel didn’t look away, Dean huffed out a laugh.
Tattoo removal was another thing. It was illegal, but Dean didn’t understand why something like that had to be enforced. Well he did – underground removal businesses. But Dean thought those were stupid. Why would anyone want to
“And you!” Cas actually yelled this time, and it almost hurt. “I’ve been worried about you, Dean. Your sanity, your health, your pain – you. In case
“No,” Dean scrambles to say.
“So I’ve been told,” Dean chided. “I’m Dean, by the way. I, uh, hope you can read that chicken scratch. Doctor’s, I swear. It’s like they never learned how to write!”
Dean could hear Cas shuffling things around before he heard a door closed on the other end of the phone. “And why are you late, exactly?” An elevator dinged.
about it.”
“You have a brother?” Gabe asked. “So, um, how old is he?”
Cas crosses his arms, but Dean can tell he’s not truly upset. “Is that so, Mr. Novak-Winchester?”
it registered to Castiel that Dean was his roommate. He quickly set his things on his desk by the door and walked over to help Dean with the TV, lifting the other side up and back, and sliding the flat screen into place.
“The pharmacy,” Dean answered, and Castiel understood.
“You can, Dean.”
"That you are," Cas seals their words with a searing kiss, and the two don’t part for a long time.
mean Castiel. Not that he didn’t like Cas, it’s just that he liked to keep his school and work life separate, but if his roommate and lab partner was also his boss’s
Regardless, Dean wasn’t complaining.
But he didn’t care. He had to be honest with Dean. He had to be honest for the both of them.
“No,” Cas said again, blinking slowly, “I just… I’m remembering something, I think.”
notice me, Meg. I’m just the secretary.”
“Good, because I think I’ll call you that more often,” Cas replied cheekily. He brushed the dirty blonde hair off of Dean’s forehead. It was getting long. I need a trim.
this.”
once.”
“Cas-.”
be okay with this?”
Overall, Dean is pretty proud of himself; he has a lover for every day of the week and has yet to be questioned about his love life. He keeps his weekends free in case is needs to scratch an itch, or if he wants to spend time with his brother, but every other day, he’s got plans with one of his partners. Every day except Thursday.
“If?” Castiel asked when Dean didn’t continue. He looked up when he heard Dean sigh. “Dean, if what?”
“Hey, handsome.”
Cas squints at the both of them, and Dean ignores the part of his brain telling him how cute she looks when she does that. “I
“He’s an attending, and he’s friends with the CEO. The dude’s invincible.”
Halfway through the session, though, Dean could tell that Castiel was beginning to get a bit uncomfortable.
“Yeah, what he said,” Jo agreed.
Thank you for all your lovely comments! Here's the next chapter, darlings <3
“I was drunk.”
and shrugs his flannel off of his shoulders, throwing it into a corner. He’s gotta redeem himself, this is just embarrassing.
Dean tries to sleep, but to no avail.
"Dean, please, I don't know what you mean!" Cas feels his chest ache. He feels overwhelmed, and blindsided. This is
"Bye, Cas," Dean mimics, shooting Cas a glance. Cas glances back with an uneasy smile, and an apologetic look.
“I have,” Cas responded, taking a seat in the chair closest to Dean. His eyes were tired, and his body slumped as he propped his elbow up on the table and rested his head in his hand. “You still haven’t answered my question.”
“Crap,” Dean said again. He dropped his phone in his lap and covered his face with his hands. He took deep breaths, inhaling slow, exhaling slower, and tried to stay calm. Of course Sam’s old friends would want to come, everyone loved Sam; Sam was the golden boy – friends with everyone, loved by everyone, respected by everyone. Dean was never like that. People liked him, sure, but he wasn’t exactly very good at keeping friends. He still wasn’t sure why Castiel gave him the time of day in high school, but Dean sure was glad that he did.
“You were going to propose,” Dean says suddenly, like he’s just now putting all the pieces together. His voice is hoarse, and he loses his footing slightly, grabbing the back of a chair to keep his balance. “You were going to propose?” he repeats, a question this time, like he’s not so sure he believes it.
“Sorry,” Castiel whispered, quickly reaching for Dean’s hands and holding them in his own. He frowned at the bruised skin on Dean’s right knuckle and kissed it. “I’m sorry,” he said again, looking back up at Dean, “Something seems to be wrong with me.”
“I haven’t been able to just...
He almost hung up, but then Dean grunted on the other line and Cas knew he would probably put his cell on silent for the rest of the night.
intimate, but Cas ignored the implications. His priority was Dean. “I’m here.”
“Amen,” Cas replied with a smirk, and Dean laughed.
“Me? What about you? You’ve got an exam in…” Dean pointed to the paper schedule, “five hours.”
Anna scoffed. “Dad thinks I’m studying with a friend. I’m only working part-time, jeez. I need the money!”
Gabriel Seraph is a snarky, silly,
“Dean what is it?” He took Dean’s hands in his own, squeezed, and waited.
Cas nods.
“It’s my pleasure, really,” Cas assures, smiling at him. “I figure the best way to get used to humanity is to dive right in. No hesitations.”
“Exactly! Finally, someone who understands.”  Dean was pulling open the door for Cas before he realized what he was doing.
Cas grunts and pinches the bridge of his nose. “We live in your house, I drive a car you picked out for me, when my family calls me all they talk about is
school and tell threaten
Dean laughed again. “Only you, baby.”
“Hell yeah, I’m nervous,” Dean said, “Aren’t you? Look at him! He’s so fucking calm I wanna throw something.” Dean chewed on a finger nail to keep his composure in check. He didn’t want to freak Cas out, but he couldn’t believe that this was actually happening – they were essentially standing directly across from Cas’s brother, who had almost killed him.
Standing by the counter is a pant-less,
“Yes, I did,” Dean says, standing from his chair and walking around the desk to lean against the front of it, arms and ankles crossed. “I hear you’re dating the Police Captain’s daughter?”
“I’m not going to do this, Cas,” Dean explained, “You have me on a tightrope, man! You can’t keep me in limbo like this!”
“Easier said than done,” Castiel mutters to himself as he arranges his desk for the day. He’s turning on his computer when his phone buzzes.
“— to make me braver with my affection.”
“Oh man, I’m sorry, I just – AHA – I called your phone to see when your ringtone was, but, but I didn’t know it was right next to you, I swear – HAHAHA – I swear I didn’t see it!”
want?” Dean turns off the stove, scrapes all of the pancakes onto a plate and shoves them aside before turning to face Cas from across the island. “Cas, for the past week, it’s been whatever
"Yes..." Cas trailed. His face grew serious, and Dean could practically hear the wheels spinning in his mind.
“Oh, honey. I’m almost
Castiel shook his thoughts away. He was trying to grasp what had happened in car. He’d had a panic attack, Dean told him, but he was only half aware of what he’d felt. He was remembering things… things he’d pushed to the dark corners of his mind, so far back that he’d managed to completely forget about them, until the mention of Lucifer.
Dean decides. He refuses to take what little spirit Ben has left and ruin it. Lisa wouldn’t want that. Lisa would want him to drop hunting all together.
Dean chuckles, “Don’t worry, I’m sure you’ll get the hang of it.” He squats to pick up the cookbook, but as he moves to stand, his eyes (on their own accord, he
Dean quirked a brow.
Lucifer could know about what Zachariah had done without being told a single thing.
“Dean!” she gasps, “You frightened me!”
And what Dean wants, he takes. Because the universe owes him.
Dean laughed. “Of course, Cas, just let me get dressed first and then we can get you out of my clothes.”
“I thought… I thought I’d lost you,” Dean whispered, as if speaking too loudly would send Castiel into cardiac arrest.
It’s Mayor Winchester, and he looks… amused?
Dean gets in on the driver’s side and starts the car. “Sam and Kevin are
that, dear,” he smiled.
Dean shrugged. Cas sighed.
Dean points at him approvingly, “Good call. Knew I kept you around for a reason.”
He was getting an anti-possession symbol carved onto his chest.
“But you almost did!”
“Yeah, therapy. Dean thought it was kinda stupid that I was going, so if you decide to try it, he probably won’t be all for it at first. I’m not sure if you noticed by now, but Dean likes to fix problems – even if they’re not his fault.”
“What?!” Castiel exclaimed, removing his hand from Dean’s.
Castiel’s eyes flew open. Is he fucking serious right now!? “One of the men who almost killed me had a knife to you, and you didn’t think to call the police?”
“You look like one,” was Dean’s reply, but in a few short strides, he was at Castiel’s side, reaching for his right hand and kissing the back of it.
Don't say I didn't warn you, darlings. I don't wanna hear that everyone's in the corner crying again.
“You would think,” Dean said suddenly, “that by the third time, it wouldn’t hurt so much.”
Dean walks over to the passenger side door and gently pulls it open. Cas shivers as the cool air makes its way inside the car, but she doesn’t fully wake.
He glanced at his watch and realized it had already been over an hour since he stormed out of Castiel’s place. He remembered how he left, what he’d done to Cas’s things, and he felt overwhelming guilt.
“Please, Dean, I love you so–.”
“Uh huh, and how do I do that?”
“And you must be Castiel! How nice of you to join us.” Said his professor, purposely trying to embarrass him, he could tell. He had a thick Scottish accent, and wore all black.
(THE PLOT THICKENS.)
"What?!" Sam and Kevin cried simultaneously.
“Dean,” he started, “you’re smart. You know that, don’t you?”
“What?” Jo exclaimed from the front of the room, at the same time as Dean did from beside Castiel. A groan made its way across the room, and Professor Crowley pretended to be shocked. It was Castiel who rolled his eyes then.
Maneuvering was awkward with the cast on Cas’s hand, but they managed easily enough, making sure every inch of Cas’s skin was lathered with soap.
“My happiness probably cost you a pretty penny,” Dean jokes.
Dean chuckled, “You really should.” When everything was picked up, the petit brunette smiled up at Dean, but after a short moment, her smile faded.
“You can’t just walk into my life, screw it all up in the best way, and then… you can’t do that, okay? You have to wake up,” Dean choked out, and sniffled again, and Castiel didn’t think he could take any more of it – listening to how hopeless Dean sounded, like he’d already lost Cas.
Oh, I know. It was on his DESK THIS MORNING. < [09:20]
to notice him then, right?
his mind suggests.
“I can’t lose you, either,” Cas pleads, and he sounds as wrecked as he feels. Dean’s lips find his again, kissing him slow and deep. Cas wonders briefly what this means for them. He wonders how the rest of the night will go, if Dean will pretend this never happened in the morning. He wonders if they should stop, talk about this, but his thoughts are interrupted when Dean squeezes his wrists, still pressed against the wall. He’s certain he’ll have bruises by the time Dean releases him, and he doesn’t mind one bit.
“I’m a
Without looking back, Dean walked out of the room, and a minute later, the front door of the apartment slammed so loud that Castiel flinched. The daze he was in disappeared abruptly, and Cas was left with the harsh realization that Dean was leaving. Dean was leaving
the one thing that would lead them to the person they were supposed to spend the rest of their lives with? He didn’t see the point. Sure, the idea of pure independence sounded nice, but after a while, wouldn’t it be nicer to have someone to come home to?
Castiel pretended he didn’t see it.
“Well, when you ask me so nicely, how can I refuse?” Dean teases.
“Hey, baby,” he greets, ducking his head to kiss Cas softly on the mouth.
Ben runs,
Castiel Milton was the first kid to ever stand up to Dean, besides Sam. It was the second or third week of school, Dean could never remember specifically, and Dean had just failed a biology quiz. Cas sat behind him in class and saw his grade. When the bell rang, he caught Dean in the hallway and offered to help him. Dean, of course, vehemently rejected Castiel’s offer, called him a nerd and told him to leave him the hell alone, or else he’d bash his face in. Now, usually when Dean threw a fit like that, other kids ran in the opposite direction. But as Dean would soon come to know, Cas was not like other kids.
Dean smiles and waves the kids into their prospective rooms. It would be a busy day, but he’d enjoy every minute of it.
“Dean, what…? Slow down - what’s wrong? We’re only 20 minutes out–.”
“Shut up, Sammy,” Dean tells him.
“Come with me,” Dean said again, placing his hands on Cas’s knee.
he was implying? Dean’s wide eyes and hasty repetition of “No” confirmed it – Benny thought they were together. Like,
We have money, resources, connections – why do you think the feds can never find out who, exactly, is running things?”
He pondered for a moment about how
“Why? PDA turns me on,” he winked, and Cas smacked his chest. “Ouch!”
, and it’s so terrifyingly comfortable, he has to look away.
“I don’t think I can do this alone,” Dean said finally, “but I’m doing it.”
Castiel sets the coffee maker and makes the coffee black. He truly can’t think of anything else the mayor might want. Is his boss really
“Look at me,” Castiel half-demanded, rubbing Dean’s cheek with his thumb.
“And what, are
That statement earned the professor another groan. Castiel swore he was grinning at the sound. He must have been making a face again because Dean’s voice startled him.
Dean was hiding in a bathroom when he decided to do it.
“I know, but that’s –.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry. Al sent me home once the patient stabilized in the ICU, told me he didn’t want me assisting on another OR case until I got my shit together. I felt like trash, and then I heard Gabriel talking about you with his friends, laughing about how he’d finally won you over. I felt so useless and stupid, Cas, I just assumed the worst.” Dean pauses, sniffling, “Because, ya know, why would anyone want to stick around a fuckup like me?”
“Of course,” Dean promised, “That’s
“Yes, you crazy brain nerd, I’ll marry you.”
“Dude, I get to see you naked,” Dean stated, “why would I
"Oh my – no, Cas, just –," Sam pauses to take a breath. He smiles, then shuts his laptop and motions toward the couch. "Here, sit down."
"Bobby got him."
He lets the media assume he’s straight because it helped him with the election, but he never hides his support for the LGBTQ community in his city. Sam teased him when he first announced he was running, asked if his slogan would be something like Support the Guns & Gays. Dean hit him for that one but was secretly tempted to put that on his fliers.
He went down the stairs and headed for the library.
“To the only burger joint on campus,” Sam replied, weaving through the crowd of students.
Oh, Cas thought, looking over to the tall boy with moppy brown hair, Dean’s younger brother, Sam!
“Why are you the one who has to put his life in danger? Why are you always the one to carry the burden?” Cas asks these questions because he genuinely wants to know. All he’s ever done is try to keep Sam and Dean alive. Since when is that a problem? “How dare you get mad at me for trying to
“Dean –,” Castiel began, but Dean was already grabbing his keys and his wallet, and what looked like the list Dr. Henricksen had given him.
Castiel takes a moment to respond. Dean assumes he’s trying to cope with the physical counterpart that usually accompanies extreme emotion, or something. Sam would know.
Buying the ring doesn't take long. He'd already looked up exactly what he wanted online and called the store ahead of time to make sure they had it in stock. The ring was a solid titanium band, with a ring of black stone around the middle.  It was unique, (and expensive), but simple. His sister, Anna, approved his choice, so Cas felt confident that Dean would like it, as well. Once he has the ring, complete with a black velvet box, Cas heads home to he and Dean's shared apartment. He's got the entire thing planned: He'll cook Dean his favorite meal, bake him a pie for dinner, then they'll watch one of Dean's favorite movies, and as the credits roll, Cas will get down on one knee and whip out the ring. He wants it to be lowkey, because he knows Dean isn't a fan of grand gestures. Maybe he went overboard buying flowers at the local flower shop this morning, but it's not his fault it's right next to the supermarket. He couldn't resist. Everything he bought is still sitting on the kitchen table; he had to rush back out to make his appointment at the jewelry store. Dean's at work all day, though, so Cas has plenty of time to prepare.
Castiel covered his face with a hand, “This is ridiculous,” he mumbled.
“Pull it together, man,” he mutters to himself, shucking off his jacket and tossing it onto his bed. He pulls open a few drawers, trying to find something for Cas to sleep in. He ends up picking out an old grey shirt that isn’t too worn out, and a pair of lounge pants that recently shrunk in the wash. He changes into his own sleep wear before going to Cas’s door and knocking.
“I’m…” Castiel didn’t want to lie, so he shrugged instead. Dean huffed a sigh and unlocked their room’s door. It felt good to be back in the comfort of their room, and Castiel couldn’t wait to sleep on his own bed. He stepped further inside as Dean closed the door behind them. When Castiel looked over toward his dresser, however, he froze.
Dean!”
“But you’d kill your own brother?”
how he expected today to go. "Just tell me who you're talking about!"
Dean pulls the angel into a hug, wrapping his arms around his shoulders. Cas returns the embrace, his arms settling tightly around Dean’s waist. They stay that way for a long moment, and Dean finds himself not wanting to let go.
Castiel loved Dean – there was no denying it anymore.
“Oh, do you, now?” he asked, and Sam crossed his arms, unimpressed.
Dean stared at the ex-angel for a minute, and contemplated how someone, once so powerful, a soldier, could be so vulnerable now, so
He missed his wings the most.
“Dean!” Cas yelled, startling Dean so much that he actually shut up. “What did I tell you?” he asked, placing his good hand on Dean’s cheek. Cas stared at Dean with his gorgeous blue eyes, and Dean felt like he was melting before Cas even said a word. After what seemed like hours, Cas spoke.
Castiel Novak is usually too embarrassed to whine, but it’s Friday night, and he’s had a long week, so he’s three drinks in at his favorite bar in the city and he couldn’t care less right now. He has a huge crush on his boss and if he doesn’t vent about it to someone, it’ll drive him crazy. Plus, Meg is one of his best friends. She won’t judge him.
Dean heard Cas grunt before answering, “I’m fine, I just –.” Cas let out a frustrated sigh and Dean decided it was then appropriate to slowly open the door and poke his head in.
He couldn’t think of anything to say that would make his brother feel better, so he put his phone on his desk and headed for the bathroom to take a shower.
"I missed Sam. He know just how to get you all flustered. It’s cute." Cas is grinning, and Dean rolls his eyes, moving to pick up the pie to place it on the kitchen table.
After speaking with the authorities and finding no supernatural leads, Dean figures that the crime he found was purely civilian. Mentally unstable and possibly deranged, but civilian nonetheless. He makes a pit stop at the local gas ‘n’ sip before the long drive back to Kansas, intent on getting a nice, large cup of coffee. He walks inside the small store, past a few isles and toward the coffee cart, but when he arrives, there’s someone already standing there, looking extremely confused.
“Uh, I said – uh,” Castiel stuttered, looking over at Dean, whose eyebrows were raised high, as if spurring him on. “I said, this…this is ridiculous,” Castiel said, more affirmatively, “it’s unfair, and frankly, a bit insulting.” He couldn’t believe the words coming out of his mouth, but he couldn’t get himself to stop. He could see Dean beaming at him in his peripheral vision.
“I know you will,” Cas answered, exhaling slowly, “I’ll be fine.”
“Princess,” Castiel mocked, and Dean’s head snapped up.
" - and, if you had stayed, I would have returned the sentiment."
He decided on later.
“What did I tell you,” Cas said quietly, moving his hand so he could wipe the wetness away from Dean’s reddened cheeks, “I’m not going to leave you.”
"Well, don’t you two look comfy."
"Bobby thinks that you should...adopt Ben."
” Castiel said, moving his fingers to resemble quotation marks, “happens to be my
“I’m okay, Dean, just sore,” he assured. “Now, Gabriel, don’t you dare think of hitting on Dean’s brother. I literally
“Dean?” Cas speaks, and there’s that voice again, melting like chocolate around the his name.
Dean’s breath catches at that, but he doesn’t waste any time pulling Cas into his bedroom.
“Cas, it’s fine,” Dean assured him. A short laugh escaped them both, and Dean found himself stepping forward to wrap his arms around Cas’s neck and kissing him gently on the lips.
"What did those dicks do to you, man?" Dean asked, trying not to think about the fact that Cas was shirtless and sitting on his car, or how hot that was.
“Because I love you!” Cas roars, “I love you, I’m
“Well it’s, uh…” Dean brought his arm up to check his watch. “It’s like 8:15, and you need to eat before you take those pills. The pharmacist said they were really strong.”
Just then, there was a knock at the door and Gabriel peeked his head in.
"When were you gonna tell me, huh? Never?" Dean accuses, "Were you just gonna walk out on me?"
“That’s true… It’s probably just Cas, then. Do you think it’s reversible?”
“Yes, but it’s been nine years, I hear. And apparently, he almost killed you. My point is, we need him to admit it – we need him to admit that he had the intent to kill. The names of his accomplices would be nice, too. He asked for you, maybe he wants to tell you why he did…what he did.”
“Cas, buddy,” he began, his voice cracking, and his emotional wall along with it. “I need you.”
“I didn’t think it would be such a big deal! Also,” Gabe pointed to Sam, “I’ve never had a cavity in my life, thank you very much, Winchester.”
Rowena convinces Cas to stay behind for a while, says she has a
“Dude, you can hug me,” Dean says, pulling her into his arms. He hugs her like he would hug any other woman – a tight hold around the waist, hands pressed against the small of her back, his chin hooked over her shoulder. It takes every bit of restraint Dean has to keep him from nuzzling Cas’s hair and kissing her temple.
Sam looked up at him with those damned puppy-dog eyes and Dean almost reached over to hug him right there.
“I asked him for your hand,” Cas answers, swallowing down another forkful of food.
“No, Sam. I never asked you to come to the hospital with me, okay? I never asked you to hold my hand and listen to my feelings, because I don’t
His thoughts are interrupted when he hears someone repeating his name, and he shakes his head, blinks toward the voice.
“Don’t start this with me,” Dean warns, glancing at Cas, who raises a challenging eyebrow. “Sam’s my brother, it’s my job to take care of him, make sure he survives this mess. I’d die for him in a second.”
But then again, Dean had never taken well to threats.
the words looped though his mind; he recognized that voice. He’d memorized it from Cas’s voice mail message.
"You require assistance?"
Monday comes too soon, and Castiel finds himself feeling sheepish as he walks off the elevator to his desk that morning. Thankfully, the Mayor isn’t in yet, so Cas has some time to get his shit together. He and Meg
It did not take long for him to realize that some words were not socially acceptable in certain places. At playgrounds, for one. The workplace, too. The one time he was fired, Cas had used the phrase
Castiel walked out first, Dean a few steps behind. He stopped at the door when he felt a small hand on his arm. He turned to find the doctor looking up at him.
“I’ll be right back, okay angel? Don’t move, I’ll be right back, I promise.”
Dean scoffs, "Yeah, right."
“’Course you aren’t,” was Benny’s response, and Cas let out yet another sigh. “Well go on and get a booth, someone will come and take your order soon. Go on!” Benny shooed them away and Dean mimicked his hand motions sarcastically. Finally, he and Cas sat down at a booth near the edge of the diner.
"Oh, I see. May I ask…what killed Lisa?"
"Nothing’s wrong, Dean, don’t worry," Anna promises, moving them along again. "Let’s just worry about getting him something nice for Christmas, okay?"
always been the smartest out of all of them – smarter than even their father, at times.
The younger man seems to think for a moment. He takes another deep breath, and then, “Yes.”
“Hello,” he said simply.
“Where you been, Cas?” Sam asks him.
Dean Winchester is
“What the hell were you thinking!?”
When it was his turn, he kept it simple. “Uh, hi, I’m Castiel Novak. I’m also a bio major, um. Can’t wait to graduate!” That last comment got him a few laughs.
grabby!” exclaimed Dean.
“You told your mom.”
“O…okay,” he stutters.
Kevin still looks confused, but he rolls his eyes and nods. “Whatever,” he mumbles, and then Dean feels something wet on his palm.
Dean is livid. Cas knew he would be the second he decided to jump in front of him as a demon headed straight for them. He wasn’t sure he’d survive long enough to endure Dean’s rath, low on his grace and fading fast, but somehow, they survived. Now, here they are, back in the Impala, bloody and bruised, but alive. Cas’s hands twitch with the urge to heal Dean’s wounds, but he thinks that maybe now is not the best time. Dean would only scold him for wasting what’s left of his power.
Kevin’s strangled, “What?!” is heard a few moments later, and Dean can’t help the smirk that pulls at his lips. His face falls, however, when he steps into the kitchen.
Dean half-coughed, half-laughed, and Cas considered that a success. “No, he wouldn’t,” Dean replied. “God, I’m such a mess.”
and as Dean realized this, his first instinct was to run. But then, Cas tightened his arms around Dean's midsection and breathed into his neck, and all the willpower Dean had built up in preparation to let go went right out of him.
“All of them?” Cas took one of the bottles and read the label. “Simultaneously?”
“Kissing, Cas. You’re good at it.”
on Cas, what is wrong with you?” He gets up, feigning disgust, and leaves the den, a confused Kevin not too far behind.
“You ready to go?” Dean asked, stuffing his wallet and a key into his back pocket. He picked up Cas’s books and carried his laptop bag.
"Cas, what did I tell you about that!"
Sam stands and places a hand on Dean's shoulder before speaking. "Ben's with Bobby," he says slowly, "He's safe there. For now."
There were only a few students inside, a couple by the freezers, and group of kids – obviously freshman – milling about the isles buying late night snacks.
Cas walks through the crowd and slips out the back door, avoiding Dean’s eyes.
"…That’s a good question." Dean shakes his head. How could he have forgotten to ask that? It’s like that first thing you ask!
Cas chuckled, “I’m insane,” he began, gesturing with his hands, “this whole thing is insane, but… but I’m going with you. To the funeral, on the road trip, all of it. I’m going.”
“It worked out, didn’t it?” Cas shrugs. “Please don’t be mad.”
together.
, Cas, hair done up in a tangled mess that Dean assumes is supposed to be a bun, flipping through an old cookbook with stubborn determination. Her feet tap across the hardwood floors as she walks back and forth between the oven and the stove, and although the kitchen is an utter mess, nothing smells like it’s burning.
“Yeah, I worked at a fast food place in high school, so I know the basics.”
“You drive a Jaguar?” Dean asked, intrigued. He loved his Chevy, but he could appreciate a well-made vehicle.
Cas almost looks nervous before he responds. “Dean, I’m an angel, as you know - a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent. I was concerned about you, so I…listened in.”
Cas is. Well, Cas’s
all chiseled chest and toned, muscular legs, not to mention his
Benny shook his head, chuckling. “Yeah, yeah, whatever.” Then he turned to Cas, “If he gets grabby, just let me know. I have no qualms with kicking his sorry ass out of here.”
Meg told him over the phone on Sunday.
When the door closed behind him, Dean moved closer, using his free hand to play with Castiel’s hair.
“You’re so beautiful, Dean,” Cas continues, their faces only inches apart, “I hope you believe me now when I say it.”
” Dean clarifies, looking up at him in horror, “I hadn’t practiced on cadaver, everything I knew was strictly on paper. I barely slept the night before; I wasn’t ready to actually
Castiel blinked at Dean and then let his eyes wander to somewhere over his shoulder, where Sheriff Mills and Detective Turner were waiting patiently.
“Well I don’t smell like a dumpster anymore, so I guess that’s a good thing,” Dean replied. He trailed his bare feet along the kitchen floor and leaned over to open the fridge, pulling out a bottle of water. He looked up before closing the door. “Want anything?”
Dean wondered how he could have forgotten about his best friend. He hadn't told anyone about what happened, but he told Cas
“Absolutely not,” Ketch responds confidently, crossing his arms. “I knew what I signed up for. I just want my fair share, that’s all.”
“It’s not that,” Lucifer continued, “I’m sure you’re dealing with
Dean pulled on a green crew neck and some jeans, reasoning that it was actually still too warm for a jacket.
"Sorry for yelling," Dean says quickly, walking over to Ben and kneeling, "things are just…a little crazy in my head right now, is all."
“What the hell was that?” Dean asks once they’re in the car.
it to be reversible?” Kevin adds with a glint in his eyes.
Cas thinks,
"You do have a point," Cas laughs, "But I wouldn't want to get married right away. We
“You…don’t remember?” Balthazar asked, surprised.
he’s having, feelings he doesn’t want but can’t seem to get rid of, and Cas isn’t moving. Instead of getting off of him, Cas is
“Weird being in a chick’s body, ain’t it?” Dean says, both of his hands on the wheel. He’s driving five miles slower than he usually does. He tries not to think about why.
“Castiel, please, you need your rest –.” Balthazar tried, but Castiel was not having it.
That sounds pretty simple to Dean, but with Cas, it’s never actually that simple.
love, he loved fiercely, with an almost unruly passion. He thought of himself as an all-or-nothing kind of guy – he either couldn’t care less, or he cared way too much, and it terrified him. Love was weakness. Love made way for loss. His father had loved his mother and lost her. Dean loved Sam more than anyone and almost lost him. The way things were going, if he told Cas he loved him, it would only be a matter of time before Cas was gone, too. Hell, Cas was already standing bruised and broken right in front of him. He couldn’t say it
“No, he –!” Dean stopped, then, chewing on the inside of his cheek, he mumbled, “Well, he did have a knife –.”
What gives him the courage to surge forward, Dean may never know, but his hand is on Cas’s neck and their lips are pressed together and Cas isn’t pulling away, so he must be doing something right. Cas’s hands push at Dean’s chest, and before he can register what’s happening, Dean is underneath Cas, their legs tangled, their bodies flush together, and Dean can’t bring himself to stop for anything but air. His hands find the zipper on Cas’s sweatshirt and he pulls until it’s undone, moving his hands to Cas’s shoulders to push it off.
She looks nervous again, but not uncomfortable or out of place. “Have a good night,” she says softly, and her hair catches the light of the lamp as she nods toward Dean. “And thank you, again.”
"Love you too, big brother!" Sam smiles and closes the door behind him, leaving Dean and Cas alone.
“Cassie, I don’t know if that’s such a good idea –.”
“What would you do without me? Starve?” Sam asked after he caught his breath.
, I’ve got class. See ya, lovebirds”
“I need you,” Dean hears himself say, finally, and before the prickling behind his eyes can spill over, he continues, “I can take care of myself, Cas, I’m a grown man, and so is Sam. We can keep Kevin safe, too. You don’t need to feel responsible if anything happens to us, okay? We make our own decisions.”
“What the
Dean laughed. “Don’t tell me you were with a
“Don’t go ratting me out now,” Gabriel replied with a wink, which made Sam flinch a little before he walked out of the room. Gabe turned to face Dean. “Who’s Jess?”
to the side. He’ll deal with them later. “Now let’s go eat!”
hurt me!” Castiel exclaimed. He pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath. This was
He can't bring himself to say it aloud.
“Thanks,” he answered. Dean turned and shifted his body so he was leaning his hip against the counter, then looked through Dr. Henricksen’s list again. It mostly included things that Cas could and could not do in his injured state, and appointments for getting Cas’s hand recast and his stitches taken out. Near the bottom of the list, and couple things were jotted down –
Most students introduced themselves as biology majors, or pre-med.
Dean’s voice rang in Cas’s ears and he found himself smiling. He had taken to speaking like him, and Sam, and even Kevin, around other humans. Soon, Cas developed his own clever attitude and unique pattern of speech, and his “rusty” people skills were no more. Eight months of observing a species from
“Whoa, Cas, slow down,” Dean interrupted, walking toward the bed and setting the bag down on the floor. He took Cas’s face in his hands and looked him in the eyes. “I’m alright, okay? I’m right here. Lay back down, you’re gonna hurt yourself.”
"Yes," Cas smiled, sliding a hand down the side of Dean's arm and entwining their fingers, "I didn't know if... how to..."
“Cas, what it is?” he heard Dean ask, “Is something wrong?”
Dean raised an eyebrow, and then pinched the bridge of his nose. “Right,” he said, squeezing his eyes shut. He’d missed three whole days of classes last week, after refusing to leave Cas’s side except to shower and eat, in case he woke. It was Balthazar who had somehow talked him into leaving, telling him that he would be no good to Cas if he was exhausted and starving.
he shouldn’t have agreed to this arrangement. There’s no way Cas can handle doing this five days a week, ten hours a day, on his own. By the time Dean gets home, he puts Jack to bed before eating his own dinner and passing out. Cas truly has done
Dean is shaking his head before he can finish his sentence, muttering to himself, “I did it again, I screwed up, I screwed it all up, I ruin everything, I can’t do anything right, I ruin everything.”
“You’re a little shit, ya know that?” Dean said, finding his towel on the hook behind the bathroom door and drying himself off.
It wasn’t sudden or anything, but little by little, he came to. Castiel’s entire body felt heavy and sore, as if he’d been run over. His mouth was dry, his lips were definitely chapped, and he wondered for a second if he was dead. He was quick to dismiss the idea, though, because despite his confusion, he was thinking way too clearly to be a dead man. It took him a while to figure out where he was, but things became more lucid once his ears decided to start functioning again.
“You good?” Dean asked, and even Gabriel looked a bit worried.
Dean and Castiel both turned to see a young girl, about 17 or 18 with curly dark hair looking up at them expectantly. Her name tag read
"I’m going to love our baby the same way," Dean declares, placing a hand on Cas’s still flat belly. "We’re having this baby."
“Please don’t be mad, Dean, I just…” Sam sighed again, and Dean knew he was about to start rambling, but didn’t have time to stop him. “We were just talking, and she asked about my big brother and I said you were at the hospital and she got all worried and I had to tell you were there for your roommate and she asked how you got in since you weren’t family and so I had to tell her you were soul mates and she got all sad for you and mushy and I
“Oh, Dean, I’m – I’m so sor-.”
The words were out of Dean’s mouth before he could stuff them back in.
“The name’s Dean Winchester, like the rifle,” he began, cockily. “I’m an engineering major.”
He didn’t say any of those, but he didn’t have to either. Dean knew. Dean had to know.
“Replaced by a-? Cas, no, come on!” Dean jogged after him. Castiel had situated himself on the sofa, legs crossed, elbows digging into the sides of his knees. He ran his hands repeatedly through his hair.
In the middle of the airport.
“A lot of them just sleep naked,” Dean blurts, and then Cas is squinting at him again.
Dean stops right in front of Cas, who is still staring at him in disbelief.  The boy’s blue eyes are practically glowing, pupils dilated and breathing somewhat erratic. He looks
“You have me,” Dean growls, letting go of Cas’s hands to they can undress each other, “and you’re all mine.”
“Well, home, first. Bobby planned Sam’s funeral.”
the one always making heart eyes at you during your procedures," Dean says, rolling his eyes, "I heard him talking about you today. Said he'd finally won you over."
Dean thought. The words were too important to be blurted out so carelessly, even if Dean only wanted to reassure Cas that he would truly be okay – that Dean wasn’t going anywhere, no matter what happened next.
Dean’s mouth snapped shut. He wasn’t used to see Castiel so…
He’s so gone.
When Cas closed his eyes again, Dean leaned his face in to kiss him briefly. When he pulled away, Cas’s eyes were still closed.
“What the fuck was that?” he exclaimed, demanding some kind of explanation from Dean.
Dean looked at Cas then, really looked at him, and it was suddenly clear that Dean wasn't the only one who had been devastated for the past eight months.
He never told Dean about that. He figured that Sam hadn’t told him either.
“Thank you,” he hears himself saying, “Thank you for not giving up on me.”
As expected, Bobby was not okay with this, but Dean had somehow gotten accepted to Baker University, and with Castiel’s help, he found an off-campus apartment that he could afford with the money he made working at Bobby’s auto shop. He had saved up a lot more than he thought. Also, on his 18
“Brother,” was all he said, and the sound of his voice carried like broken glass through Castiel’s ears.
– actually you’re allowed to be
Cas cleared his throat. “So, dinner?”
“You’re not?” Cas asks adorably.
Balthazar rolled his eyes. “She’s outside on the bench being a drama queen. I assured her that you were fine, but we hit traffic on the way here and she got all anxious again.”
Dean remembered.
“His eyes are especially impressive. And his freckles remind me of all the galaxy’s stars.”
"Wings," Cas replied, shrugging. "I missed my wings."
Castiel groaned again, sitting back up and stuffing more clothes into his suitcase. He swung his legs over the bedside and hesitated before grabbing his phone charger and throwing in the suitcase as well. He undocked his tablet and slid it into the side pocket, and then went to his drawer to pull out a pair of headphones. He moved to his closet and bent down to grab a pair of running shoes, and then put them back, choosing a pair of tennis shoes instead. When he turned to place them into his suitcase, however, he almost ran straight into Dean.
Apparently, the last chapter killed some people? ^.^ So, by (implied) request, I've decided to spare you all the pain and post a day early.
into her office. “Well, come on in to my kingdom! I can’t read minds in the hallway; too many distractions.”
Dean closes his eyes, exhales, starts again.
"What aren't you telling me?" Dean demands, taking quick, angry steps toward his brother.
Oh, yeah, Dean was definitely melting.
Sam let out a bitter laugh, “Yeah, and be judged and ridiculed for the rest of our lives? I think not, Dean.”
