“Fuck me.”
“Yeah, but you made this for me and I’d like to eat it with you,” Tony says, a lovely smile spilling over his face, and yeah, that’s pretty contagious. “I mean, it’s your mom’s recipe.”
He settles for a thermometer that’s no longer made of mercury and glass.
“Done, but I don’t think it’s good for the upholstery if we let ourselves dry here.” Steve cards his fingers through Tony's sweat-damp hair, smoothes it from the forehead that he soon cranes over to kiss. “I really love my car. In case, I didn’t already say. I love you, too. So much.”
Steve wants the press of Tony’s heavy weight, his fingers, and his cock, and his smile that shivers crooked when his skin turns sweat-pebbled and hot.
“Don’t you dare.”
About an hour in and away from most of the farm’s populace, Tony is watching Steve examine a warted pumpkin, searching for another contribution to their haul, which has now reached double digits, when he thinks to ask what Steve actually plans to do with all of them.
Tony blinks at him in confusion, seemingly having no clue what to do with what’s been dropped in his hands. “You don’t have to do this.”
They’re in the workshop. Steve’s on the couch sketching, and Tony’s shifting through schematic projections of Steve’s shield because there’s a side project germinating in Tony’s mind and Steve will be needing an upgrade if it actually comes to fruition.
“Well you’ll be proud to know that I have a solid, plotted-out course of action,” Tony tells him with a tight grin. “And that action is nothing. Like I said emotionally stunted.”
. I wouldn’t say I love it if I didn’t.”
There, Tony undresses them both but takes his time with Steve in a way that is brand new pageantry. Tony unwinds the tape from Steve’s fists with careful fingers, peels him out of his damp shirt and rolls down the band of his sweats, crouching to unlace Steve’s sneakers and remove his socks. He’s gentle and tender, placing a delicate kiss to Steve’s kneecap while his hand curls around Steve’s calf, holding him up like a spooked foal.
“Tony,” Rhodey starts, and it’s loaded. “I thought that you couldn’t stand the guy.”
“You have too many jokes for a man who just had, from what I could comprehend, an earth-shattering, mind-blowing, astronomical-charting—”
Steve crowds Tony’s space, literally
“Because you’re the best,” Steve says like it’s easy, which in turn makes everything incredibly complicated. Tony has to bite his lip to keep from saying something cretinous and dip his head because how else is he supposed to deal with that. Steve clears his throat before adding, “At least your Saturday is free now. You can’t be too upset about that, right?”
“Okay, let’s be real, I’m not that set on breakfast with the mayor,” Tony concedes after a moment. He sniffles and wipes at his nose with the cuff of his jacket. Mentally, Steve adds another box of tissues to his shopping list because that thing is running like a broken faucet. “I do have an appointment with R&D, however, and I’ve used the sick excuse. Twice. I’m literally the only one who can handle that.”
“Why?”
“Let me—”
“Har, har,” Tony mutters into a nudging kiss that’s slow, long, and sweet, careful of Peter between them. He drags out of it with much reluctance and kisses the pout of Steve’s bottom lip once more like he’d forgotten to cross his Ts. “Have no idea why I put up with you.”
Steve lets Tony gather him by the scruff of his jaw, veer him from the slammed door with fastened mouths and a prying tongue. He lets Tony corner him against the headboard with fingers that claw and skin-off his clothes like talons, open Tony’s shirt one-handed. The fingers turn spit-slick in Tony’s mouth before they crook thick into Steve, opening him wide with a rocking wrist. His broad palms manhandle the slashes of Steve’s pelvis and yank him down the mattress. With kisses torn off by gasps and greed, Tony hikes up Steve’s legs around his waist in a cinch before sliding home.
before moving away to his filing cabinet. “Not to mention anyone could come through that door and put a damper on things.”
“You alright? Is this okay?” Tony checks in, halting and eyes busy with care.
“Oh, you should be. For a guy sprung from an age of serious FDA violations, he’s surprisingly top-notch in the kitchen. I’d keep him in there if he wasn’t so damned independent,” Tony replies.
“Steve, you don’t have to.”
They both laugh at that, low and soft under a star-splashed sky and a strobing street lamp that buzzes on and off.
. Tony would laugh because what a fucking line but Steve’s reaction is a telltale. It’s guilt wrapped in shame. He starts to stammer out an embarrassed apology that Tony quickly rambles over because he doesn’t want Steve to take it back. “It’s fine. I do come here all of the time, you know? I drink. Not that that started at exactly twenty-one and, truth be told, I probably drink more than I should but I am twenty-one. So I’m of age. Way past it. Steve, it’s okay. It’s fine. It’s fine.”
“Take it from a spy, the worst way to convince someone you’re fine is to say you’re fine. You’re living in New York now,” she states quietly, not like she’s maneuvering around a landmine but rather a graceful glide just over it, like she could walk on water if she were so inclined, “and Pepper’s still in California. I read that she’s spearheading the clean energy initiative there. I am sorry, Tony. I wish that it had worked out for you both.”
Tony. I’m eight years your senior. This is far from fine.”
“You have many upsides,” Steve tells him easily and, yeah, he’s thought about it but, “There’s no guarantee that’d be any better, really. Another place could be having the exact same issue, and considering it’s even hotter outside, it’s not worth the trouble. At least here we know it’ll be fixed soon. We’ll just have to"--he winces here, hates how lulled his brain is and the lame phrasing it washes to the surface--“sweat it out. An hour. We can do an hour.”
“Are you kidding me? Listen, I have feelings. This is grounds for your sleeping on the couch.”
, didn’t I? Last year? Yeah, that’d be a terrible way to start things off, and I wouldn’t blame you if you never spoke to me again.”
do you think you’re doing?”
The answer comes in a soft remix of earlier. “I don’t have anywhere to be but here, Tony.”
With a nod and settling his glasses back in place, Dad says, “I’ll make a call.”
The hand not locked with Steve’s wanders sweat-slicked skin and touches where they’re joined. The skid of Tony’s blunt nail startles Steve into another orgasm, stuttering hips and curses. Steve flies apart and the kiss he lays over Tony’s sternum takes Tony with him.
“Thin walls,” Steve gasps, rattled by the flash of delicious pain-pleasure. “I’d rather not get arrested before basic, if it’s all the same to you.”
Steve unwedges his hands from his jeans and accepts the vambrace that Tony passes over to him, slips it up his forearm.
“What? Tony, Bucky and I—we weren’t ever that. He’s my brother. I’ve always seen him as my brother. He’s family, and I love him. I do miss him, so much, but—” Steve says, bewildered and amused and clearly laughing at Tony. “Jeez. Yes, you’ve misread the situation. Badly.”
“Then I think we’ll be alright,” Steve says. He shivers at the idea of it, the promise, and the fact that he finally has this. It’s terrifying, and it’ll be complicated with the life they lead. However, they’ve got each other. They’ve bled for this. There have been sacrifices. Steve believes. “We’ll make it alright.”
Tony engages him in a lengthy stare but aside from that, there isn’t much protest. Because of this, Steve chooses to take pity on Tony and not comment when he does ponder his feet and yank up the hem of his pant leg on his shuffle out, muttering a handful of expletives.
“Rhodey, Rhodes, this isn’t a crush,” Tony says significantly, hopes that Rhodey gets it because Tony doesn’t know how to encapsulate these last few weeks, these last few days, and put them into words. How to simplify an immensity that’s deep and leaves Tony wading through the residue of a design that was shaped years ago in the midst of chaos. What Tony had mistaken for the clash of conflicting personalities had instead been two sources of energy so like each other, that burned so hot, they were always going to ignite at the start. That once they let this breathe, it’d forge into something like a new element, easy to read—easy everything—once it had a composite and fully-realized structure.
“Probably isn’t good parenting to just hand over keys to a teen without a license, though,” Tony says and he presses a kiss to Steve’s lips. Settles at three because this warmth spreading in him is difficult to contain. Reminds him of the sunshine he woke up to. He can't possibly keep it to himself. “Depending on when we tie the knot, we could station him at the coat check.”
“It wasn’t your fault. It wasn’t,” Steve says, lips not leaving Tony’s own, salted and sure. “There’s nothing to forgive.”
“Yeah, it’s really quiet in here.” Awkwardly, Peter walks in and grazes the selection of books with absent-minded fingers. He pulls the spine of a first edition Steinbeck novel. “Completely different. I like it.”
“J, I wanna revisit the tea Natasha spilled all over the internet,” Tony says. Every hardcopy he’s looked over goes nowhere and maybe a fresh pair of eyes will catch something in the file-dump. It’d be nice if Tony actually had a fresh pair of eyes, but his insomnia-cured and strained vision will have to make do. “Keywords: Stark, Maria, Howard, accident, Winter Soldier, Barnes.”
The drive back, a large coffee, and the last half of some B-rated action movie later, the tv is watching them more than they’re watching it. Asinine infomercials flip from bacon grease trappers to an anti-snore strap that reminds Tony of the traumatic year he spent in orthodontic headgear. With Peter on his lap, and sponsored by the dicey cocktail of espresso and fatigue, Tony creates limericks over his kid’s mop-top as the two of them tap away at the child-development game on Tony’s tablet.
“No, don’t,” Steve says louder than necessary, overconfident and maybe too steeled, but it stops Tony from leaving and that’s what matters. “I want to try. It’s unbearably hot and—”
“Hmm. Huh. Alright. I’m saying it now,” Peter states calmly even though his jaw pulses with indignation. MJ calls it
Tony shrugs, cool as can be. “Sure. I mean, if Elvis is your thing. I’m hardly one to judge, baby. Although I could’ve sworn you’d go for a backyard wedding at our second house.”
“That’s fucking beautiful, sweet. That’s it. I got you. It’s good, baby.” Tony jerks off Steve harder and more urgently, tight and fast and talented. He wets his lips and sweeps out a hot flicker against Steve’s. He turns his wrist and bites on a sensitive patch of skin. “God, you feel amazing. And you’ve got such a pretty cock, Steve. I knew you would. Next time, it’s gonna be you in me, making me take it.”
Steve nods and scrapes out, “Yes. I don’t have a choice.” To acknowledge one feels selfish. He can’t do that yet. Not until he’s done all that he can. “You should try and get some more sleep.”
Alongside the growing skirt of daylight, a miserable hangover had greeted Tony the next day. Steve sputtering through awkward morning-after talk had only made it worse, his hands a busy flurry in Tony’s face and dizzying. To save himself the trouble of lengthy jail time, Tony had smothered him with a cotton-dry mouth rather than with a pillow he’d been half-seriously contemplating. And after that? Well Tony discovered that he quite liked kissing Steve and being kissed by Steve even when sober, maybe especially. He’s also likes being touched by him, likes the way his fist fits over Tony’s cock and brings him to full-mast with clever ease.
“I’m ready, I’m ready,” he swears, rolling the condom on Steve and feeling warm at the ruinous groan Steve gives for it. “You need to get in me. I want to come on your dick.”
“What? Um, no. This car is your responsibility, young man. What I did was just common and complementary practice. Like fucking you in cars isn’t even spontaneous anymore--admittedly, I need to step up my game. I have a thing of lube in all of my glove compartments. And, yes, that did sound just as dirty as I intended. Ugh,
“Okay, by default, I’m like 96% positive—give or take—that I don’t deserve this attack.”
“Everyone your age has a Netflix account. You don’t have a Netflix account? Are you okay? Should I be worried?” Dad pauses, bringing up a finger. “Wait a second. How have you been binging
. Tony’s desperately caught between never wanting Steve to dress in anything else and wanting to rip it right off of him, gossipy patronage be damned.
“Not really. Just catching up, pretty much,” Steve says, after his throat has worked down a melt, and Tony doesn’t know when he started tracking the action. “I think he worries, and I feel awful about that, getting him involved with all of this. Making his life so complicated, having to watch his back and my own. He said it’s fine and it was his choice and I respect that, I do, but—”
Steve’s expression turns thoughtful and bright. “That’d be awfully convenient. We can go with that if anyone asked.”
Tony fits next to Steve and stays.
Waving at Steve, and with a glee-filled grin that’s still fairly gummy, Peter crows, “Cappa!”
Swallowing, he reaches out and motions for what he wants.
“Hey, hi. I, uh, I saw you inside.” Tony jerks his thumb over his shoulder. "I just wanted to come out and say hi. So, you know, hi.”
Steve tugs at cuffs that are flawlessly tailored. “Well that’s nice of you to say but I feel like a monkey in a suit. I thought you’d never show up. Where have you been?”
“I asked if it’d be okay with you.”
“Not a one,” Tony replies in an arch, exposes his neck to a hot, open kiss as he rolls onto his back.
“I’ve got to sort this out on my own.” Natasha backs away from the window. “I’ll see you soon, I’m sure.” She’s almost gone before she continues with, “Also, don’t let Steve spend every Saturday night listening to big band swing, please. I’m serious, Stark.”
“Eyes front, Steve. There’s nothing to say sorry for. I love it,” Tony says, wiping his reddened mouth. And hearing that four letter word in the context of his bedroom, despite every intention and indication of a one-off, steeps Steve’s spine in shivers. “I love seeing that, the look you get when you come. And I think you needed it, yeah?”
Cap barks out a laugh, enjoying this way too much and nowhere near suitably horrified. “I married a lunatic,” he says and seems gleeful about it.
“That wasn’t a proposal.” Although it hadn’t been too long after that lunch date that a ring box did start to burn a hole in Steve’s pocket. For years. Curious, he asks, “Would you have said yes? Had there been a question?”
“Steve,” Tony whispers in a hush, wants to settle him.
“Unfortunately, that doesn’t stop," Steve says because he's never going to lie to him. "But it’ll stop breaking your heart each time you think of her.”
Steve looks at him, wide-eyed and amazed. “The arc reactor? That runs your suit—you’d? You’d put that in my shield?”
Feeling warmth from every which way, Steve tucks into his soup.
“Alright. We’ll start in the morning, pull intel and contact everyone. Ugh, if we can reach everyone.”
paint water :(.
The music cuts off in the workshop, and Steve comes through the doors with sleepy-eyes—drooping into that weird blink he gets, right lid down, the left just behind—and Peter babbling non-stop in his arms. Steve’s nodding and commenting on everything Peter’s saying to him, attentive and considering as always. Something he and Tony have agreed on and made a priority from day one—before day one even, at the twinkle-in-the-eye stage—is listening to Peter.
Peter continues glowering until Cap ducks his head down in something resembling shame, stroking his beard and humming at sudoku boxes.
“Are you sure? If someone’s bothering you—” Leaning over his shoulder, Dad peers at the screen and frowns deeply. “I have BDE? What’s BDE?”
“In mind?” Steve asks, curled lips over teeth and curled fingers around Tony’s cock. He gives a couple dry pulls, rounds off at the sensitive head that’s already leaking a mess that Tony honestly can’t even bother to be embarrassed about, before stroking back to base slick and easy. “No, not exactly. More in hand, I’d say. Was thinking of treating myself a little.”
“Are you kidding? I’m terrified,” Steve admits, trembling all the way through, everywhere. He can’t keep still at all. The happiness is so fragile and new. He skims his palms against whatever he can reach, past the limits he’d set before.
Tony puts up a hand. “Just let me finish here. I have a speech, and if I don’t get through it, I’m afraid of this not working. Like bad juju. Last time I didn’t do my speech and things turned to shit. You’re not the only one allowed to make speeches, Steve. You do not have a monopoly.”
Sam rolls his eyes and pops a squat beside him. “Now that I could have definitely made some money on.”
Tony literally jumps at the chance. “I can help you with those.”
“There’d been no need if I’d been there in the first place.”
Peggy says in a delicate tease.
Barnes is heavier than a shadow at his back and more elusive than a ghost.
Tony takes in the sight of Rogers’ ice-pale complexion, interrupted by the blooms of bruises and cross-stitch of cuts. The thin and reedy air that leaves his mouth is barely audible. “God. Who did this to you?”
“I get those references.”
Tony, bless him, has the grace to sound fond. “That’s sweet of you, but I have plans for that. I’ll let you know that I am very, very tempted, though; you’re so much fun.”
He’s faintly aware of Steve in the background, noise that drones in and out.
“I know you won’t,” Tony says before removing his hand. He quickly soothes Steve’s whimper and noise of astonishment with his mouth, slipping at first, slick and wet, but coming back all breath and tongue. His hands rove to Steve’s jaw, thumbs tracing over Steve’s temples, his ears and down to where their lips meet. The kiss wanes into something soft and asking. Meeting Steve’s eye, Tony draws back and murmurs, “I want to suck you off.”
He’d not only
“We don’t have to, Steve. God, I could go out and buy a fucking fan at a dollar store or something—”
“Because I’m slightly obnoxious. I don’t know. The general idea was to make him laugh again. To take him out of his head a little, give him something to fuss over. He loves to fuss over the suit.”
“You’re very noble. It pushes buttons I wasn’t aware I had,” Tony confesses. Biting his lip, he ventures his hands down Steve’s front and up again, looping his arms around his neck. “It’s a huge turn-on, you caring so much. I’m really, really into it, okay? I want you to kiss me. I think about it all of the time. Cross my heart, you have my enthusiastic consent to do dirty things to me. It would bliss me out of my mind.”
Like he belongs there, Tony makes himself comfortable on Steve’s mattress. “Well, there was no telling when you’d be back from sulking.”
“Hey! Hey!” Peter protests, pointing an accusatory finger but he’s got a mirth in his eyes that mirrors Tony’s. They’re so alike, it leaves Steve awestruck, hits him square in the chest. “That is shameful cheating, man. You can’t just demand that he agree with you. Frankly, I’m both appalled and disappointed.”
“We have to continue under the assumption that Agent Romanoff is in close proximity to Captain Rogers. Unfortunately, she is not coming up on any systems,” JARVIS answers.
Steve sets the tray down and carefully passes a bowl to him before sitting down with his own. He stirs it absently. “I’m not sulking. I would have come back out.”
She sniffs a laugh. “I’ve pissed off a lot of people, Tony. It’s best for everyone if I lay low for now.”
Steve gifts him with a flat and unimpressed look. Oddly, Tony finds it’s spectacular and he just grins. “Did the sycophants wear you down already or did you just miss me?”
“Wait, what? Like a proxy?”
“Yeah but then I wasn’t with--”
“I’ll go out on a limb here and guess that’s not a dirty metaphor.”
“That was fair.” Tony nods diplomatically. “Listen, I’ll help you with this. No worries.” When Steve’s brows rise to his hairline, Tony rolls his eyes. “Scale back your surprise, Rogers. Baking is essentially chemistry and my gingerbread people have never required dental surgery after eating so I’ve got that on you.”
In a dance of scuffing feet—toes tripping over toes—and glancing shins, they tip onto the bed again. Nimble, practice-perfected and,
All of Tony sinks, his hand drops from Steve like he’s not there, flinches away like he accidentally mistook a stranger for a friend.
Tony makes a face. “You’ll take
The next day, Tony dramatizes searching for a signal once he’s climbed out of Steve’s pickup, circling around with his phone up in the air and broadcasting mock distress. He turns to Steve with a grin.
“No, I’ll wait up for you.” Tony scuffs his thumb to Steve’s cheek, memorizing, and like bookmarking a moment to return to, Steve kisses him again.
Steve steps up to Tony and closes the gap between them. He stills Tony’s busy hands, takes them in his own. Pulling him in until Tony has his arms slung over Steve’s shoulders and splays a greater heat there, Steve drags him into a kiss. He strokes the slash of Tony’s cheekbone and in between the skip of dry lips, he says, “I know, I know.”
“Hardly a new frontier there. What’s the other half say?” Steve asks.
Tony doesn’t say what he’s been meaning to say because he can’t physically say anything. The speeches he’s tried repeatedly to puzzle together to perfection have been vacuumed out by the clutch behind his ribs and Steve’s utterly boundless smile, that’s proud and, god,
“That’s disrespectful. Also surprisingly bohemian of you.”
“You know an astute individual may have guessed that you’re the last thing I want to see when I wake up.”
” Steve sighs, shaking his head. “Darn shame, though. I thought this would do it for you.”
“How is this my life?” Peter cries to the ceiling, feeling halfway to asylum, and again it doesn’t answer back. Not even a witty remark from JARVIS.
Steve skims his plank and dips down the slant of Tony’s pelvic bone with intent in his eyes, peeling back the duvet. “Speaking of winning, I did not last night,” Steve says meaningfully.
Kiss-stung and clutched by want and how right it feels, Steve bows his forehead down to rest against Tony’s after.
“Anytime,” he barely gets out, verbally weak in the knees. “So the demanding public beckons and I have to mingle for a minute. Are you good or...?”
“Is that the going rate of a trade-off around here?” Loosening Steve’s tie, Tony favors him with a grin that wouldn’t look misplaced on an ad to sell bonds, the kind of handsome that would be paired up with the likes of Rita Hayworth. With laugh lines that sweep up to silver-tinged temples, he’s the most beautiful person Steve’s ever seen close-up. Deft fingers unbutton Steve’s collar and more. “Does the old lady we passed on the first floor pay you back with sweets of her own whenever you loan her a cup of sugar?”
Tony’s quiet in the car on the drive back to Manhattan, and that gets Steve’s attention and concern. Tony lies badly and can’t even function under the pretense that he gets away with it because when he tells Steve that he’d forgotten about a teleconference with SI’s board of directors—like he would even care—Steve’s looks at Tony with a resultant expression of confusion and hurt. It’s there and gone in a flash but it sticks with Tony like dirt under his fingernails. It doesn’t leave him when they return to the tower and part ways with the uneasy promise to meet for dinner, Steve to his floor and Tony into the safe haven of mechanical guts, wiring, and code.
When Tony pulls off, it’s to carefully push another cold cube in Steve’s clenching hole that flashes like a burn before smoothing in, helped along with slick and what’s already melting in Steve.
“Serves you right,” Tony chides. “They’re cracked actually. Two of them. But of course they would only feel bruised to you. The serum is doing its job, and you’re on the mend. The worst of it is pretty much over.”
It’s something Tony is still trying to get used to, these Saturday mornings—the hushed, sunlit, and alarm-smothered variety. There’s nowhere to be and nothing to do. The only thing Tony feels obligated to is the spell of their room, a quiet that he is in no hurry to disrupt and have vapor away, breathing deep and keeping still as he indulges in the pleasing sight of a sleeping Steve. What’s not hidden under the duvet is washed in pink and yellow hues, naked and tremendous. Tony’s fingers itch to touch, to travel the length of the arm that stretches between them and ends with knuckles loosely fisted beneath Tony’s pillow because no matter the distance the night makes, they don’t ever become untethered.
Still, Tony wrinkles his nose. “That is my fast becoming my least favorite phrase.”
"God, you have no idea how long I've wanted to do this," Tony says, recalling marble and hot July sun. He rakes his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Watching you appreciate art is a fucking tease.”
“You good?” Steve gasps out at the edge of too much, a lick of his own chasing the wet stripe Tony just dragged on his upper lip. His eyes are more lust-black than blue, dark next to the shining sweat at his temples. “I am, if you are. Ready to go.”
“And what will you do with that?”
you know that?”
Steve’s eyes gleam and don’t abandon Tony’s when he takes Tony’s hand, turns it over and bites at the palm. He laves it with his tongue before continuing, “Can I ride you? I’d love that. I’ve thought about it so much.”
Quietly to Steve’s still rabbiting pulse, he says. “Don’t ever leave me.”
Tony’s brow hitches up high in amusement as he breathes in the steam curling from the mug. He asks, “What’re you going to do? Frog-march me out?”
A blinding hot rolls through Tony and he could swear that his spine telescopes, melting in on itself as he flexes forward. Fuck-drunk and pleasure still curling in his fingers and toes, Tony watches the mess of his come stripe Steve’s jaw, catch on the pout of his bottom lip. White is stark against pink and short-living under the shower’s spray, the tip of Steve’s tongue that sweeps out to taste.
For a while, it’s just good and easy.
He’s sorry that he nearly missed this.
Teeth and frustration denting blood-blooming marks on his arm, he cries in hot shame.
"Mmm, hate to break it to you, sunshine, but I don't keep it on the ceiling,” Tony replies, offering up his neck to a love bite.
“When you were trying to get with the yoga instructor you met after we woke up hungover at a dog park? Ironically, and by a cruel twist of karmic fate, I still can’t scrub your downward dog from my brain,” Rhodey says with a dramatic shudder. “You sending in a LMD would explain the consumption of those foul vegetarians meatballs though, leggy brunette or no.”
When signing up for English 252, Tony had every intention to treat it like the bullshit requisite class it is. He’d show up every day so as not to fail the course and actually graduate come spring but he’d willingly take the hit on his participation percentage, sit quiet in the back of the auditorium, and scrawl cramped equations in the Norton Anthology that could only raise its sell value. Tony would put minimal effort into analyzing
The sight--the fact that he gets to have Tony in this way, that Tony can find pleasure in what Steve gives him--makes Steve feel enormously wanted and grateful and lucky all at once, coils a fierce ache throughout him, in his groin. His thrusts lose their timing and turn shorter and arrhythmic, pounding into Tony. He reaches for Tony’s leaking cock as his own release nears, stroking him off.
“Readings show that it should be fine, but there’s no way to know with infallible certainty,” JARVIS comments. “Captain Rogers will have to be moved regardless, Sir. I am afraid that the serum will not work at a fast enough rate to combat his injuries without hasty assistance.”
“Oh.” Steve’s eyes shy away to the side and then back. “I mean, if you don’t care--”
“There’s no way to know that.”
“Can I kiss you?” Steve whispers, and Tony wants to inhale him in.
“There we go,” Tony says when needy noises leave Steve’s parted mouth. He nips at it, licks his way in. “How ‘bout it, baby? Come for me.”
, endlessly attractive, Tony lands in a line that fits right at Steve’s side. His kisses are fixed on the thin border of too hot against Steve’s neck and the galloping pulse there but they don’t linger for too long. Like Tony’s fingers that are canvasing the expanse of Steve’s flank, they’re fleeting and ever-eager for whatever inch they come across next.
Steve’s laugh is sex-scratched, pant-drenched, and crinkles the corners of his eyes something beautiful. “Did
Initially, Mjolnir barely budges, just whines in protest and rattles glassware and takeout boxes alike, but it sparks a change in Steve’s eyes. Steve respects the challenge and meets it with conviction, with a gravity and intent that nearly feels intimate. He pulls again, too hard and causing him to stagger backward, but it’s with the hammer in hand. For a moment his face is soft with humility and then it perks into an astonished and unbridled joy, shoulders quavering in disbelieving laughter when he turns his attention to Tony amongst the hoots and hollers. He mouths
“I think—” The deep breath he takes under Tony’s hand rolls back out hard. “I have reason to believe that Bucky killed your parents.”
A building collapses on Steve and this time he’s without the shield.
And Steve prides himself on not losing it then and there. Over the thick and rich desire that assembles his sternum and down to his narrow waist, Tony sucks patches of Steve’s skin from pale to plum. When Steve’s legs fall away, Tony skirts the coarse hair at Steve’s groin with his fingers, buries his nose there, and Steve aches from his navel to his balls.
“Well there’s the good news and then there’s news that’s potentially good and potentially bad,” Tony hedges.
“Skip it again.”
“You don’t have to worry about that, since you’re not going,” Steve says mildly. He plucks out a spearmint tea bag and drops it into the mug. It’ll do for now. He can pick up lemongrass and actual lemons later at the market. Shrugging, he says, “It can wait, and if it can’t, someone else will go. You really shouldn’t even be out of bed.”
“Yeah, I could’ve given you some advice about that had you asked.”
“I’m trying to do what’s right,” Steve gives back, tone impassioned and
“It is very hard for me to stop. Trust me. But you flunked your midterm spectacularly, Tony. You have to retake it and I have to attend a faculty meeting in an hour and a half.” Steve adjusts Tony's crooked glasses and puts a kiss to Tony’s nose, murmuring
Steve’s breath hitches. He wants this. It’s so mindblowingly clear to Tony now. Steve wants this just as badly as he does.
“I’m getting itchy.”
“But I can’t accept you tanking on an exam so what I want is for you to retake it and then I’ll speak with my supervisor regarding my misconduct,” Steve says and Tony’s head snaps up at that utter ridiculousness.
into him, brushing the silk of his new Armani.
“Oh my god, it’s happening. Are you ready for bed?” Tony asks. Peter’s answer is to scrunch up his face and make a grabby hand at Tony, whimpering unhappily, which in turn gives Tony heavy heartstrings. Tony sets aside the tablet, and then Peter is clambering up his front and resting his head on Tony’s shoulder. Fingernails that need to be trimmed bite at the skin above Tony’s shirt collar in their possessive clutch, and Peter mumbles for a short while before dozing off.
The water in the cup rocks over the brim and Steve grabs at it before it can soak the bed. He sets it aside, checks over the IV and the beeps of the monitoring devices. He takes Tony’s unsteady and too-thin hand. He’s pleased that Tony doesn’t wrench it away, that he gets to keep holding on. He fixes his eyes to Tony’s and it’s difficult to stay resolute under the shade of his hurt, the weight of betrayal there. “I have to do this. You know that.”
“Eh. You were a tad theatrical for my taste.”
On the curse that’s long and vaulted, Tony’s hips stutter hard. His eyes close, and Steve watches his hold around the armor seize and tremble as he comes, rapt. After a moment, his arms and legs slink off to the side with a streaky noise. He mumbles with a dismissive flap of his hand and the armor moves away, nearer to the wall this time, and shuts down with most of Tony’s load dripping down its stomach like the beginnings of a Pollock.
His breath hitches when their gazes catch. Steve is looking up him, filled with Tony’s cock, and his apparent satisfaction with that crowds out the blue of his eyes. The sight hits Tony with an urgent ache, low and insistent, ushering out a bedrock-conceived groan.
His trip to the market is far less complicated because, thankfully, chicken soup is still chicken soup.
“Ha, joke’s on you,” Tony says softly, mirrors Steve with a smile of his own. “There are several shots being taken as we speak. JARVIS is actually your assigned agent, and not John Q. Hacker.” Needing to get a hand on him, Tony reaches out and finger-combs through Steve’s fantastic bedhead that’s been highlighted by summer. “Getting long.”
“He’s not the only one,” Rhodey says, not unkindly and with understanding eyes. “And Tony? You and Steve Rogers? It’s not a bad idea. Your involvement in a relationship, a team, or whatever else, doesn’t inherently make it a bad idea.”
“Tony,” Steve breathes, warm and humid, desperately against the scar in the middle of Tony's chest. “God. I want this. I love you so much. I’ve wanted you, all of you, forever.”
Tony doesn’t do Steve the insult of asking if he’s sure. He softly kisses Steve, and when Steve’s got his knees spread, Tony’s back with slick and stretches him open with a finger that maddeningly turns into three.
“Alert the eleven o'clock news. That’s me in general, babe,” Tony quips, playfully pushing back into the open curve of Steve’s front and the thickening hardness there. They’d crashed in Steve’s bed which is a couple sizes smaller than Tony’s, so it’s easy to get close. Aches from yesterday’s fight in Midtown are wrapped over with new ones from the night before's two breathless fucks but Tony can get up for another go.
And settling in across from Steve and his happy hum, Tony finds that the words come easy.
There’s no response from JARVIS and the recording filters through again.
“Soon,” Tony promises.
“Oh, are we using the kid as an excuse for this display of rebellion? That’s mature.”
Steve ventures forward and walks into Tony’s grasp that tugs him close like it’s the most natural thing in the world. A tight fist wraps around him without little fanfare, and helplessly, Steve fucks into Tony’s fist that strokes him like he’s spent his own time imagining. He braces against him, using his strong shoulder for support. He studies the flush in Tony’s cheeks and his smile. “You knew I was--oh--here the entire time. What if someone else came down the stairs, Tony?”
“You know, there’s no need to impress me,” Tony says, cracking his knuckles and smirking. “If you have an actual typewriter to dust, I won’t judge you.”
“True enough but studies show that ten out of ten would prefer their French roast not tasting like, what was it last time, smokey topaz? Who can blame me?”
Lube, of course. But.
, his
So he misses the better view of Steve coming, instead feels the echo of it through his chest, the warmth that fills the condom with a promise just short of perfect, and Steve’s fingers moving up and down Tony’s ribs. It’s something he does often as if to make sure Tony’s there. Always, always touching Tony.
“You make it sound so nefarious. If you came down, fabulous, let’s end this dance and get to it. After today, we could both stand to relax. If not,” Tony shrugs, “the only person allowed in blackout mode and this level of access is you, so no worries.”
“Yeah? Who says? Because that is a dirty lie,” Tony remarks before nosing them back into a kiss as he weaves a territorial hand into Steve’s hair. It’s immediately good, a skip of lips and wet, persuasive tongue, and then it’s bone-melting, flame-licking heat from his skull down to the arches of his feet, and reducing Steve to slur needy, unintelligible things into Tony’s mouth. They make out for what stretches like hours. Rutting against each other, they’re all mouths, hands, and shallow thrusts that prompt the distressed leather of the seat to sing a chorus of whines and the windows to cloud up before Tony pulls away to blindly fumble for the lube and dribble slick over his fingers.
“Oh God, Tony,” Steve groans, bunching the bedsheets at his sides with fingers that may as well be frictionless.
“Ugh, don’t continue,” Tony replies with a wave of his hand, only half-joking because he remembers typing that  embarrassing monster out, unable to shut up about Sylvia, symbolism, and self. It’s one thing to get written feedback but the prospect of talking about it twists his insides.
, Tony thinks. He thinks that’s been there for a while, derivatives of it patched into the countless moments leading up to this one.
nice car but seeing as how you stocked a thing of lube in the glove compartment, I think you can afford to share some of the accountability since you knew this was bound to happen.”
with hot sweeps of tongue and urgent mouths. It’s as easy as everything else has been between them.
However, it becomes clear that Peter is way too interested right at this specific moment, with no signs of drowsiness, so Tony switches Peter to his other side, swipes away the projection, and changes tactics.
Eyebrows hiked in bewilderment, Dad asks, “Why didn’t you just say that? Communication is key, Peter.”
Another lesson: Steve is the guy who’d happily give out to trick-o-treaters on Halloween but definitely keep all the good shit for himself.
“It’s hell. Almost every day is terrible and you’re essentially just surviving second to second.” Tony pauses thoughtfully. Clearing his throat, he combs through Steve’s damp bangs and continues, “It’s like drowning, you know. Trying to live underwater. It’s hard to breathe and everything is fighting against you. Every direction you look seems endless, not much solid ground to walk on.”
Um. Wow.”
“I don’t know how to,” Steve starts brokenly after a stretched ellipses. “Tony, I don’t want you to hate me.”
“Please,” Steve begs. He won’t come but he wants to be close, to the edge, to Tony. He wants to ache, and watching Tony fall to pieces will be more than good enough.
It’s more attractive than it really should be and Tony hauls him in. He fists Steve’s hair that he’s now thinking twice on and kisses him with an undiluted want, savoring the tang of his own sex. The thrusts of tongue and hips echo after each other, lacking in elegance, nips and love bites just short of bruising. Steve’s hand snakes between their bodies—aligning their cocks and jerking them both—and under his furious command, Tony’s blood ramps back and gets Tony so stiff it aches.
It’s a barrage on his senses, Steve’s hand
The ice slides in just as Tony’s mouth slides on him and sucks him down with lips pulled wide around him. Steve keens, twisting up onto his elbows like he’s been warped out of shape by the frisson of fire and ice. He shivers at picture Tony makes, his mouth full of Steve’s cock and ambitiously bobbing for more than half of it.
When there’s a rare gap in Lang’s extensive rigamarole, Tony says, “Listen, I’m happy to answer your questions, really, but can they wait until, like, Sunday or you can send me an email? I know you have my email address because I’ve given it to you at least twice.”
“I got delayed. Hey, what’s with the face? I did get delayed...by, you know, not wanting to be here.”
,” Tony surmises, long and low and awed, helpless as Steve smirks and sinks to his knees. “God but you’re a sight.”
Tony raises his eyebrow to say
Crying out, Steve spurts hot over Tony’s knuckles, stuttering into his hand. Panting, he presses their foreheads together and curiously smiles like he has a secret he isn't ready to share. “Tony.”
Peter laughs. “Yeah, that's an understatement. I just don't get why. Does he feel sorry for me or?”
On the third trip, sucking kisses prelude the excursion of the cubes—
“That long?” Tony asks, struck by the revelation and Steve’s deft hand.
Steve turns in his arms and traces Tony’s scar again. Quietly, he wonders, “Can we stay like this? My heating is on the fritz and you run hot.”
“Yes,” Steve says slowly, regards Tony speculatively. “Why?”
to kiss him again, sweet and lingering and nuzzling. “You’re just—fuck, ‘d keep you here forever,” Tony tells him. Here in Tony’s arms, this bed, this life.
He sounds lost and forlorn, horribly alone. Before last night happened, it’d been months since Tony heard him like that.
to call Steve when he comes across a kid in a Cap shirt or when the baseball season gets interesting but he’d actually do it. Jokingly needle Steve about the Yankees and soothe his bruised Brooklyn sensibilities with seats behind home plate at Citi Field and a Nathan’s hotdog.
“Exactly what I said!” Peter’s voice scales. “And I can walk up walls, by the way!” Wrinkling his nose, he says, “Spiders don’t have jet boots. It's weird, dude.”
“Big deal. It’s not like that’s never happened before.”
“Great. Okay. I’ll see you then,” Steve says with a smile that is completely unfair before he’s gone, leaving Tony stunned.
Just before his soul shrivels up and collapses in on itself, Peter sends out:
“No,” Sam says with a shake of his head and steps aside, gestures Tony through the door. “He’s at the farmer’s market.”
“Guess not,” Steve replies, sheepish. He takes the gift and gently tugs the ribbon free, peels away the wrapping paper, and smiles wide when he sees the outside of the shoe-sized box. He barks out a laugh and almost crushes the thing, pitching forward.
He touches the car and knows that each time Tony touched it, he had Steve in mind.
“And bicker with you. I think he loves that, too."
“What?” And the energy it takes for that simple question exhausts him, mines him out entirely and leaves him miserable. He can’t feel the seat underneath him but refuses Steve’s hands when they appear in his clouded vision. He shoves at them and stumbles onto his feet—away, away, away.
“Do you ever get to come up for air?”
“Nearly every result after her retirement is an auditory file. It appears that SHIELD had surveillance on Agent Carter as recently as April of this year. Transcribed, the second to last recording does fall within our search.”
“That vernacular is so not on, but yeah, word to the wise, I wouldn’t put my money there,” Tony says in an obvious stage-whisper, scoffing. He then smirks because Steve’s head whips around from his conversation with Cho and Barton, super-hearing activated. Riling up a drunk Steve is too easy, it’s almost not even worth trying, but nonetheless, it’s goddamn entertaining.
Utterly transfixing, Tony laps at his easy grin before diving in for a peck from Steve’s lips. “You blush so pretty for me. Christ, take a look at you,” Tony says in a vibration more so than actual words, and it shifts into an involved sort of kiss that tastes like salt-skin. It’s thorough and solid with Tony’s hands possessively playing counterpart. Radiating heat, they skid up the still quivering surface of Steve’s middle, brush the vulnerable hollow above his collarbone, and fork at his throat to turn his head just so and create a deeper angle that allows for a high tide of tongue. Steve shivers into the plying kiss and the press of thumbs beyond his jaw. He bows his spine out of the sheets and flexes back in intervals, wanting to get away from the wrought and sticky friction—he can feel
—actually laughs until it hurts, his hand moving to his side and bunching the material of his gown. “Oh! Oh, ow. Bruised ribs, I guess?” Wincing, “That’s fun.”
. After a moment, he deflates where he sits, shrugs defeated. Quietly, mostly to himself Tony gathers, he continues, “And most days, I can’t tell what that is anymore.”
“So yeah, where was I? I love how much of a hero you are. Even when it sucks and you’re trying to save everyone and everything at once, and you just—you can’t do that, Steve. But I don’t want you to change because I think that you’re the best person I’ve ever met and when we’re together, that’s the best, and I think we can fight for that. Not perfect, but something close that works a hell of a lot better. Like I told you at the river, we still have a lot to do.”
As Tony’s grip tightens, so do Steve’s lungs, like he’s handling them one and the same. The symptoms of fever reveal themselves in a sequence that Steve recognizes, harsh breaths lighting up his lungs within sweat-pebbled skin. His backbone squirms like it wants to curl in on itself but it’s worth it to pant out Tony’s name, shunt his hips in counterpoint to the brand-bright pulls on his leaking cock. Steve had no idea that a fever could feel good.
“I—thanks, Tony. That. That’s thoughtful of you,” Steve says in a stumble, voice catching on the vowels. Blinking and getting to his feet, he murmurs, “Dammit. I’m sorry.”
“It’s called grigioverde. Italian for grey-green. I initially wanted a blue,” Tony says at his side. Steve sees a flash of Tony’s hand in his peripheral, the up and down of his shrug. “Figured it’d be romantic. You know, go for the color of your eyes, but turns out that there’s not a blue out there that does them justice, so I dropped that idea. Put this together by accident when I was shopping, but it fits, earthy, a few shades short of army green. Tribute to your service and all.”
Jiminy, Steve will never be as suave as all that but he laps at his lips and remarks, “I’ll be miffed if you don’t.”
The world has come a long way from cold and grippe tablets and selling cigarettes to remedy an ailment of the lung. It’s wonderful. However, the depth of the flu aisle in the pharmacy is substantial, overwhelmingly so, and Steve is half-convinced he needs to return to the front and trade his basket for a full-on cart. Box after bottle after box claims to be the best, so that much hasn’t changed, but Steve hasn’t actually been sick since 1943 and missed nearly seventy years of modern medicine, so he doesn’t know which to trust. Tony’s cough earlier had sounded wet but what if turns into a dry one? What effect would the cough syrup have then? What if it’s more harm than help?
healing.
His fingers come away tacky because some things just never change. Nose flooded with the scent of sex, sweat, and freon, Steve thinks fondly of busted fire hydrants. And his mother wouldn’t be proud exactly, but he gives Tony a lopsided smile. “So how do you feel about a shower?”
“I’m not playing at all,” Tony says when he pulls off. It comes out entirely too serious, low and real and nowhere near the levity he was aiming for.
. However I do think that we could put some of our efforts elsewhere in the meantime.”
Tony’s brain sifts through what he knows about Barnes, but it’s honestly not that much. Practically everything he knows is what’s already on public record. Everyone who cares knows that Barnes was Rogers’ best friend, that the two grew up thick as thieves in Brooklyn and served together after Rogers received the serum. At one point he had defied orders, liberating Barnes and other prisoners of war from a Hydra base. Over the years, through documentaries and autobiographies, some anecdotes have come out about their friendship: war stories, laughs in the rare lapses of silence between gunfire. Tony even heard a story or two from Peggy. He remembers the sweet curl of her tone, warm and reflective, as she recalled Barnes flirting with her at a bar in London and inevitably failing because she’d only had eyes for Rogers.
“I think I may have done something to my back,” Steve says with a grunt, using an arm to wrap Tony close to his still quivering flank, heedless of the sticky air. His fingers search out Tony’s and together they form a loose lattice.
chat.
“I didn’t veto cake in general. I love cake. I could crush some cake. But ninety-six layers is absurd, Tony,” Steve says. “You want blueberries? They’re organic.”
“Does that mean you came to take him home?” Sam wonders with a raised brow, and Tony isn’t exactly inclined to answer. He supposes it shows or that Sam isn’t actually seeking one. Instead, he walks to his fridge, disappears in its cavern before tossing over a bottle of water and propping himself against the door.
Steve hums in consideration. “FRIDAY, record the following: To whomever it may concern, I regret to inform you that Mr. Stark cannot make it to your scheduled appointment due to an unexpected emergency. He apologizes for any inconvenience and will reach out as soon as possible to reschedule. Best regards, Captain America.”
“Your husband’s pretty pissed at me for marooning you in 1942 Brooklyn but I told him I work better without having death glares shot my way and sent him to get a snack.”
“Tony, you didn’t,” Steve says disbelievingly. “He gets by perfectly fine with his webbing.”
“I need you to be sure. This has to be something you want. That’s important to me,” Steve says and Tony lets himself be vulnerable to the search of his gaze, doesn’t hide anything. He bares naked the want that’s been there since the beginning, the affection he holds for all that Steve is, and the self-possession that anchors Tony’s decision.
Tony should really no longer be surprised by how right Steve gets it. Even though he’s not really meant to add anything to this discussion he’s overhearing, he’s left speechless. He’s entirely overwhelmed by how much he loves this man. He loves them both so much it hurts, makes his eyes water.
And there’s the dilemma. Tony really, really wants to. He twitches his hands back into his pockets, cocks his head to the side and uses up what he calculates to be five seconds of smooth before panic sets in. “I’ll be back soon then. And maybe after this is done, we could head home together. I could see you to your door. Make up for my tardiness.”
"Your room," Steve decides, undoing the Tony’s shirt and sucking almost-bruises above his collarbone. "I want to get a look at your Hartley."
“MJ, I think,” Dad answers, still confused. “Why? Do you know what it is? How do you know and I don’t know?”
“Jesus,” Tony breathes. Despite his poking and prodding at Rogers at the start of everything, despite feeling the need to worm under his skin, he knows that Rogers isn’t the perfect boy scout. He’s a soldier. Tony knows this, but to see his desperation so visceral and animal is something else entirely.
—and yet unable to stand the idea of being seperated from Tony, the upside to too much.
“It’s soon,” Tony quickly says, sounding as though he’s repeated it to himself ad nauseum. Steve doesn’t doubt that he has. “But, Christ, he’s barely sixteen. He’s younger than I was. He’s a kid and there’s no one else. He’s the only Parker left. And maybe it’s impulsive. Scratch that. It is without question impulsive. I’ve got the market cornered but it feels—something feels knocked out of place, like I won’t be put right if I don’t do this.”
the bench, perched on its edge, and the armor is working
“Or when you’re giving out your home address to terrorists,” Natasha supplies and the retort is oddly comforting. “Tony, if we could have been there—”
but it’s the sympathy that comes as more of a surprise. He thinks of the fight on the helicarrier, tries to picture himself in Rogers’ shoes and superimpose Rhodey’s head on the shoulders of Barnes with an empty gaze, and he can’t imagine.
“Hold on to me?” Steve asks, flushed and blue eyes turning black. He's absolutely gorgeous and Tony’s never loved anything or anyone the way that he loves Steve.
“You’re sick,” Steve says, rising up from the kitchen table and making a beeline for Tony.
The kettle interrupts them with a shrill whistle, and Steve fixes the tea with the boiled water and a generous spoon of honey. He hands it over once it’s steeped and stirred to his satisfaction. “Back to bed with you,” he says.
“Fine. Maybe,” Steve replies. His thumb skims the lip of one mug, gaze downcast for a moment before lifting up. Quietly, “But I mean it. Today has been the best I’ve had in so long. There’s not much else that I could’ve asked for.”
“Unless I’ve misread the situation, when you get Barnes back, it won’t just be a buddy-buddy reunion.” He fits himself between two barstools, keeps another between him and Steve. He leans back and crosses his arms before him. “I mean, it’s cool. C'est la vie and whatnot.”
A chill runs through Tony bodily at the prospect of that. He can see it all too clearly. Leaning forward, he admits, “I have very specific designs on your hoodie, just to warn you.” His fingers still haven’t let go.
“Alright, then
“I think he’s got a new favorite word. ‘Duck’ is old news.”
In the gym of the compound, Steve gives a right hook to the kevlar punching bag, and it swings bodily into Tony, who catches it and staggers.
“I’m not answering that.” Steve sighs, a bass note of defeat. “You know that I’m no good with this stuff, Tony. I've never had a talent for putting on a show and I have nothing in common anyone here.”
“You flatter me, but they’ve hardly done anything yet.”
“Fuck,” Tony says after toppling over next to Steve, and once his breathing has returned to normal.
Laughing and marginally calmed by Tony’s rambling, Steve says, “Well I hope that you’re not really expecting me to take the lead here, Stark.”
His response has Steve thinking. He gazes up at Tony. “You weren’t surprised. When I said I was heading to basic.”
“Hello, am I speaking with Daphne Pike? Ah, wonderful! This is Tony Stark. I was hoping that you could do me a favor.”
“He’s still looking. The chances weren’t that great to begin with, though, so I don't have my hopes up.”
Quiet and bruise-eyed, Tony comes to him and that feels crueler than anything else.
Humming agreeably, Steve continues with the constellation. “To be fair, it’s right here already. You kind of have to squint at it and it’s a bit wonky but there’s a portion in the middle of your back, this smattering--” Steve smooths his hand over said region, lightly brushing, and Tony has to fight against a shiver, “--it’s just like it. It’s pretty amazing actually.”
Near enough to almost make up the entirety Tony’s vision, Steve nods with a smile so sweet and wide, Tony feels like his face has been shoved into Christmas lights. After a swift kiss, Steve goes to retrieve the lube and a condom--sets aside his card with a care that makes Tony feel swollen--before sitting up between Tony’s spread legs and yanking until Tony’s ass is snug with his pelvis, his knees clamped to Steve’s sides.
Steve hums again. He presses a kiss to Tony’s shoulder and trails a few a short distance down his arm, his hand moving to Tony’s flank and over his hip.
In spite of more reasons to say no than yes, Steve gathers Tony in a kiss and whispers, “I wouldn’t have come this far with you otherwise.”
“What? What are you doing?” Steve asks in wonder, barely. Tony responds with another swipe, spreading Steve even wider and licking a delicate swirl bookended by God’s name and a curse.
Steve is Steve which means he’s infuriatingly adult about the whole thing. He invites Tony to discussion, listens attentively still. It’s almost as if it never happened. Almost save for the fact that the soft smiles and sniffs of laughter are absent and replaced with false lightheartedness, jokes that don’t quite land. The words between them lack life and whatever fondness there was has been tidied out.
“Lordy. That’s not kid-friendly.”
Steve turns to him, his features pulling into a crease of confusion. “What?”
“The color is beautiful,” Steve comments, charmed and mesmerized. “What is it?”
Steve laughs, zipping up the duffel Tony brought over for him. “You’re kind of an asshole.”
but stops paying it any mind once Tony pilfers two bites of the microwave pancakes that Peter loves from off his plate, wrestling his fork back. The joking smile on his face is everything to Tony. “Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let me just stop you there, Dad.”
Steve can feel the hard line of Tony’s cock resting against him. Waving down toward the set of their hips, he asks, “Do you want me to touch you back?” And jeez, he’s lame. He doesn’t know how Tony handles it.
Steve’s genuinely pleased expression then clears to one of expectancy.
“I’m not leaving you,” Tony whispers vehemently. He brushes promises against Steve’s hot cheeks and eyelids. “Not if I can ever help it. Do you understand me?”
Resembling something borrowed from a provocative celluloid scene, when Steve comes to, he finds Tony straddling his thighs with knees bracketed at Steve’s hips and his heavy, flushed cock in hand. With the loose fist of his hand, he’s stripping himself in rough tugs. The air conditioning clicks on, and its thrum joins in with Tony’s grunts, the lewd noises of his precome being used as slick. He fucks forward hard and stripes filthy, glistening lines on Steve’s already stained stomach.
“Promising?”
Steve doesn’t reply to that and simply moves his fingers through Tony’s hair like it’s a fond habit. With the amount of time that’s passed since the start of this thing—that apparently didn’t need to stop—Tony supposes it could be just that. He dozes off just as Steve’s thumb brushes against his temple, stroking there faintly.
“Sorry, Cap. I can’t,” Peter replies, pausing in the demolishment of his second plate of food. His metabolism is off the charts now. “Ned’s got the Lego Death Star and he’s been wanting to build it forever. It’s probably going to take all day really.”
“You’re lying.”
The armor doesn’t work. Rhodey’s always had good judgement, and Tony isn’t too surprised with the sequence of events. Last, but certainly not least, Steve goes and is the one to lift the fucking hammer.
And Steve has to be stunned because he doesn’t even chide Peter for the expletive. His mouth form words that make no sound until after a couple tries. “Did—did you just propose?”
“God, Steve, let that go.” Tony reaches between them and cuffs Steve in hand again, jerking him fast. He swallows every hitch that Steve breathes. “I’ve got you. Let it go. I forgave you. It’s been so long...I should’ve said. I’m sorry, too, sweetheart. I’m so fucking stupid.”
“Oh! Hey, Tony!”
Steve eases away, resting his forehead at Tony’s temple and nuzzling under his ear. And even so close, Tony can’t quite believe what he hears.
“You’ve got a low-grade fever, but 99.7 is on the better end so that’s not too bad,” Steve says. He removes the foil backing of the medicine and gives Tony a couple capsules. Brandishing a bottle of water and a sleeve of saltines he’d grabbed on his way to Tony’s room, he says, “Take these and maybe see if you can keep down some crackers. Have you been feeling nauseated at all? There’s gatorade and ginger ale in the kitchen.”
Tony stares after him, arrested on the spot. After he’s regained feeling in his knees, he reaches Steve in quick steps, leans in to whisper, “You are just. Okay, firstly? You’re a menace. And there is a secondly, a thirdly, and so forth but none of them are appropriate to be uttered in public. I realize that doing the unexpected is your thing but you should be careful, someone just might call your bluff.”
Tony doesn’t think a bad time and Steve Rogers can even co-exist. He scrubs his forehead and tries to think up a lie that Steve won’t see right through because willing this moment to end most certainly won’t work. However, everything Tony thinks of sounds too stupid or unfairly mean. And Tony’s exhausted by all of the lying because while he’s gotten better at hiding his feelings that doesn’t mean it isn’t hard or that it doesn’t shred at his heart each time he has to do so. That it didn’t crack his chest wide seeing Steve with other people or have Tony feeling unfinished when he tried to move on. And in a year where are they even going to be? No longer in each other’s pockets or a jaunt across campus away, that’s where, and he can’t graduate in May not having known because sometimes, late at night and flat on his back, he creates a pros and cons list on why Steve would stay in touch after. Because Steve constantly feels like something dropped in Tony’s life by accident.
“In my defense, Peter did it first.”
“Steve, man...” Sam is saying.
Steve knows that the low-speed rotation of his ceiling fan will lull Tony to sleep if the nightmares lay off.
“Look at you. You are just the sweetest sight.” Tony says, like he’s trapped between ruin and awe, an exact echo of Steve. Then his breath is a ghost heat over the sensitive pucker, his beard rasping against Steve’s ass.
“I meant a Netflix account. A profile, Dad,” Peter explains, never thinking he’d actually have to do so. “Like an eight-dollar investment? Not however many billions Netflix is worth and proceeding to break the New York Stock Exchange and social media.”
“Sleep, Peter,” Tony says in a long stretch and from a nose away, and it’s back to the squeak-toy business. This time with a delightful little sing-song melody Tony recognizes from countless mornings of Sesame Street. “Please. I implore you. Sleep for Daddy.”
him when the identification panel recognizes Steve’s handprint and the door slides away to reveal the mostly blacked out workshop. The door’s pneumatic hiss is muted by Tony’s tell-tale groans.
and it’s heartrendingly familiar. He’s reminded of Steve quiet and torn, pain fresh in his handsome features.
“—and I really, really want him to be. He’s, wow, he’s something else and sometimes I just go on the fritz just talking to him because I either can’t say anything at all or want to say everything.”
“Tony.”
“Don’t knock it. They’re very helpful when one is emotionally stunted.”
“Well that was a real trip for biscuits,” Steve sighs, defeated. He tries not to pout as he scrubs at the sweat running down his nose, the bothersome perspiration sliding to his ear.
“Oh yeah? Well what do you want? One last heartfelt show of solidarity to bury the hatchet before you go into that good night? Should I say I’m sorry? Are you gonna say you’re sorry? What exactly are we doing here, Cap? Because apparently you have no vested interest in—”
wastes no seeping into his bones. Tony laughs again, this time without humor because this is what he deserves for suffering an apparent lapse into insanity and giving credence to anything freaking Scott Lang has to say. For letting his want and hope pen a fiction that almost passed as believable inside his head. “Of course this is for your class. And you needed my help so…”
“No, what I know is that I saw you, and Nat, and Thor. Dead. All of you were dead. And it wasn’t just some nightmare, Steve. I saw it. I got a sneak peak into the future and I felt your pulse stop under my fingers. It was as real as you are now. You were dying and you blamed me.”
I’m sorry. Sweetheart, I didn’t leave you.”
“Honestly?”
“Next you’ll be telling me his bedtime,” Tony calls out to her.
Tony laughs, is mildly surprised it doesn’t creak from disuse.
“The kid’s not really a kid anymore.” Steve nods to where Peter is strategically stationed by the uncut cake with a plate of finger foods in hand. His on and off again with MJ is currently complicated and Steve will be there for him when he's ready to talk about it and seek comfort beyond bacon-wrapped shrimp. With chipmunk-cheeks, Peter gives them a thumbs up and Steve smiles back.
“Hey, no, no.” In a surge and taking Steve by the jaw with both hands, Tony kisses him. The first hard, the second less so but equally fierce, and the third is something sweet and soft and seeking before Tony tucks his head into the sheltering crook of Steve’s shoulder. Speaking against his collarbone, Tony says with one last kiss, “I’m a bit of a fuck-up but you might be stuck with me. Wait here.”
“That’s not my intention. I’m not trying to annoy you or endear myself to you. I thought that—” Steve mugs conflict and then determination, the same stern expression he got once when a paper airplane was loosed in class during his presentation on the Romantics. “It was inappropriate for me to kiss you.”
Tony nods. “Arnim Zola’s secret lair, yeah, I remember that one.”
Steve’s had nerves from the start, wants a child in their home so badly. They’re both ready.
“And you do with me?”
Tony hasn’t even got a decent grip on his cock before it’s knocked away. Steve takes over with a possessive clutch, jacking fast and rough and Tony couldn’t buck into it if he tried. Like he can’t get deep enough, like he wants to get lost in Tony and live under Tony’s skin, Steve keeps them plastered to each other and just
“Mmhmm.” Steve slings his arm fully over Tony’s back and buries his nose in Tony’s hair, closing his eyes. “Still real though.”
With smooth rolling hips and deep grinds, they get the rhythm right and fuck, it’s good. Dirty and darling encouragements stream out of Tony, cresting and breaking on his gasps and moans. One notably spectacular thrust drives a delighted laugh out of Tony, has him kissing Steve in appreciation and losing half of the laugh in Steve’s mouth. Tony’s hands frame his face and keeps him
In response, so well-versed in Tony, Steve pulls off. He grips Tony’s cock, working tight, fast, and relentless--hitches spilling out of Tony. With a spark in his eye and smirk that’s nothing but wolf-wicked, Steve reaches behind Tony’s balls with his hand that isn't preoccupied, teasing his hole before crooking just in with a blunt finger.
so he’s leaning toward the former.
They stay at Sam's until the next day because Steve did promise Sam a pie and he’d pinned Tony under a disapproving glare when Tony talked about driving to New York on fewer hours of sleep than it took to get there.
Cap chooses then to get up from the couch and with such authority, he’s missing nothing but his shield. The stormy expression on his face doesn’t bode well. “Who said you have BDE?”
—the two of them mesh in a way that makes Tony want to rewind time and scratch-stop at a lightning storm over Germany, pluck out the barbed words. He’d pause and then puncture the bloat of their ego and posturing before explosions rocked them off their feet and a portal cracked open the troposphere.
“No one here is innocent of that.” Steve takes a deep breath and his time. “I want to get this right, too. We can’t turn back time, not really but we’ve got a pretty long history of what not to do. Maybe that’s just as good.”
Tony learns that while Steve never punched Hitler, that’s pretty much where the propaganda ends because the man lives up to the legend. He knew this before, peripherally, but the picture gains shades and definition. Tony will catch Steve murmuring under his breath with the New York Times app opened on his tablet. He’s seen Steve leave a lengthy and aggrieved response to a bombing in Afghanistan in the comments section and share an article on the rise of homelessness in their backyard to his Twitter. Tony’s watched him pen a letter to a pair of orphans who lost their parents to a house fire in Oregon and send it off with a hand-drawn cartoon of the Avengers.
Even mid-love confession, Tony takes the time to tut at Steve because hey, that’s kind of rude. But he stops caring too much once Steve edges into his space, crowding in until the what surrounds them blurs and loses definition, color, and shape. Steve’s hands are cautious and yet insistent on Tony’s shoulders before they travel down his arms and clasp around his wrists.
“And you call me unfair,” Steve breathes, almost there, not even inches away. Tony can feel his fragile laugh. “You sure you want to keep with engineering?”
“Huh. That so? My circulation tends to leave most wanting.”
Steve wheels around at the wheeze, and there’s Tony, staring and stupefied with his bedding a train behind him.
For a while, Steve’s satisfied with that but then Tony’s body is pressing into his front in all of the right places. They’re groin to groin, caught in a steady grind, and an ache comes back between his legs to match Tony’s. Steve shamelessly plies the taste of himself from Tony’s mouth with an impatient tongue and soon he’s keening, working his hips harder and hitching out, “I--I want you, Tony. Please, you gotta--” He curses under his breath, unable to finish and grab hold of one thought in the many running over each other. He wishes he had the time to catch them all.
In sweatpants and a t-shirt that doesn’t fit, Steve raps against the glass and, like always, greets DUM-E first, fist-bumping the bot’s arm affectionately. Steve grins at the happy whir he recieves before plopping down on the couch and tucking into what he’s claimed as his corner with his sketchbook, charcoal holder, and whatever candy of the week he’s purchased on a run. Steve claims keeping it in the workshop will stop him from eating too much of the party-sized bag. The strategy hasn’t worked in the three weeks since he’s moved in.
Steve is struck with the fear that he’s been found out, his heart storms, but after a moment, he sees that Tony’s gaze hasn’t faltered from the faceplate. His legs spread wide in blatant invitation, and he slaps the armor’s side. In response, heavy boots clonk a few steps back. There’s a direct line of vision to Tony’s gorgeous, stiff cock, proud in a thatch of trimmed hair, and just below its thickness is his hole that’s well-stretched and glazed with lube. The pink and swollen ring glistens in the soft spotlight, indecent and so mouthwatering a sight, it cracks a sharp want in both directions of Steve’s backbone.
The confusion resting on his brow is one of the better outcomes Tony had predicted so he trucks on, fast. “I mean, if you wanted, I’d fly it here personally, but I’m thinking of it more as an incentive for you to leave DC,” he elaborates. “Look, your old apartment is no good, with the bullet holes and whatnot, and it’s not like you’re still an operative. There’s room, a whole floor, for you at the tower. Totally rent-free, which is great because as previously mentioned, you’re unemployed. Also it’s been beautifully renovated since aliens rained down from the skies. And let’s be real, I’m willing to bet SHIELD didn’t provide you with a private state of the art gym.”
He can’t imagine going through that twice.
“I mean, not for another ten years if we’re being
“Harder, god. Yes, fuck--fucking right. Right there. Christ, just like that.”
Going forward is better though, because, yes, the world still sucks at times, but it’s not on the brink of annihilation. There’s time for them get to know each other.
“That’s a fair assessment.” And from experience, Tony knows this concession is meant for a short life. The oh-shucks sigh comes right on time and that breathlessness right there is half the reason Tony plays the part of contrarian. “However, it’s two-hundred years later and we’re still discussing his work so it seems that Longfellow might be inclined to disagree with you, Tony.”
“You like that about me.” Steve says with a none-too-concerned smirk.
“You ran away,” Tony states at the threshold of Steve’s room, balancing his two bowls of soup on a tray. “Literally, you don’t run away from anything, and you just booked it. Seriously, a cartoon cloud of smoke was left in your wake. There’d be a Steve-shaped hole in the door if the kitchen actually had a door. You need to unburden me of this hazard. I’m swooning, and that’s like the second time in twenty minutes, fyi.”
He’s not sure how those two things connect and relays as much to Sam.
Steve silently wonders how many fault lines his heart can withstand. He breathes, the release a physical ache. He’s painfully lost on how to make this okay, how to make Tony understand. “I would never, Tony. That’s not real because I couldn’t ever do that to you.”
“I don’t know where you learned to count but nope. Not once.”
And even in this pear-shaping moment, that thrills the base of Tony. He knows that Steve’s telling him nothing less than the absolute truth. He knows it now, feels like the knowledge has been buoyed from his blood, so he doesn’t get, doesn’t understand—
“I found your shield.”
Propped against the doorjamb of their en-suite, Tony checks Steve out from boots to beard. Pulling a critical frown, he says, “It swallowed your ass.”
Cock twitching, Steve watches the dark flicker of Tony’s long lashes, the sink of his neat, white teeth into his bottom lip. He tracks the lean lines and muscles that move under skin like livewire, the roll of Tony’s hips, and knows he should leave. It wouldn’t be awful to turn away now. He could steal this snapshot before him, take it up to his room, and fill in the fantasies that are becoming increasingly colorless. The voice in the back of his head shouts at Steve to respect Tony’s privacy, but the other man is so wildly beautiful and wanton, looks so good riding the fingers of the armor hard and giving orders, that the diamond-bright desire under Steve’s skin--the torch he’s been carrying for what feels like always--burns hotter than shame.
“It’s all good, FRIDAY. Send it. And save it. Might come in handy in the future. That was dirty and brilliant,” Tony says to Steve, sounding impressed, and Steve doesn’t preen. He
“Do you have a preference?” Tony asks, holding up his box of condoms and shaking them. And even when you’re Tony Stark, this part is never not awkward. “Um, last I got tested, I didn’t have anything and everything since then has been wrapped up, so. I know that some don’t like mess and I know that you’re like a Fort Knox to—know what? I’m gonna stop right there.”
“Damn but you blush pretty. You’re all moony-eyed,” Tony teases, entirely too smug and handsome.
“Aw, do you still believe in Santa? That’s adorable," Tony says and gets unused dough streaked down his cheek for his trouble.
“I’m brand new at this," Tony cuts in, derailing Steve's train of thought, "but I’ve heard that it’s not meant to be easy. It’ll be the toughest thing we’ve ever done but we're going in with our eyes open and I believe in us. You and me. I believe in the three of us. We can do this.”
“But we’re gonna do this anyway, right?”
is on tip of Tony’s tongue but he just smiles back because no, Tony won’t be ruling Asgard in the near future but that’s alright. He’s got it pretty good here.
Even in this new life with its new laws, a day that Steve never thought he’d see—that he’s so thankful to witness—it still feels like fantasy. Something that he's not meant to be a part of.
Tony works his way up, mouthing latches to every bit of Steve, teeth worrying flesh and tongue lapping to soothe it over, settling heat low in Steve’s belly. Steve feels almost sick from the blood rush to his cock, its pursuit in vain, but hardening in Tony’s fist all the same with precome welling at the flushed head. Tony pulls on him tightly with jerks and twists that Steve’s missed. He hasn’t been able to replicate them on his own. His touch will never feel as good as Tony’s, and Steve can’t help leaning into it, watching with his head bowed.
Pulling a mournful and pitying face, Natasha puts up a full hand and three fingers of the other before pivoting and disappearing down the corridor.
The moment exists in details and it feels right.
Tony’s fashionably late entrance into the grand ballroom diverges slightly from the smooth strut originally intended. He walks in and like a tether, his eye catches Steve and abruptly the entire world record-scratches. He’s sure of it because how can the universe not stop and take notice of Steve Rogers, so gorgeously cut in a dark blue tux that angels would weep? Tony had picked it out so he knew that it’d look good when he'd handed over Steve's measurements to his tailor but not this
From above, Tony begs, “
Recklessly and going full-crater under the October sun, Tony confesses, “I thought that this was a date.”
“I’ve tried everything at least once,” Tony replies idly, but when he turns to Steve and meets his eyes, it’s with the utmost seriousness, earnest and incredibly genuine. He adds with weighted importance, “I’ll take care though. I always will with you. It’s, god, it’s amazing, Steve, and I want you to feel that, but we won’t do anything you’re not good with. If anything isn’t a yes, you just tell me to stop.”
. For pete’s sake.”
With Tony’s hand in his—Tony’s ring on his finger—Steve shrugs, unconcerned. The spring evening is unseasonably hot; even Tony’s shed off his jacket. He looks lovely in his slate-colored suspenders.  “I took them off in the grass. Left ‘em.”
“I’m here,” Tony shushes, lips whispering above the bridge of Steve’s nose, and Steve hadn’t even realized he’d closed his eyes, the velvet dark behind his eyelids having draped his vision without his notice. “How are we doing, gorgeous?”
Steve comes hard and surprised on a hooked cry that’s soft and no longer hurts. He shudders in Tony’s embrace for what feels like forever, equal to the time it’s been absent. Tony continues palming him through the aftershocks; it’s devastating and good, and when Steve squeezes around the hot length in him, that’s better. Joy, an old friend, possesses him as Tony’s orgasm quakes through them both.
“We should probably talk this out, gorgeous,” Tony says later, like a searching light in the warm and slow that occupies Steve’s mind. The four words are underlined with kisses across Steve’s brow and down his jaw, a hand sticky and fanned over his hip. Steve watches a rueful smile twist Tony’s lips. “You might agree that we’re long overdue. I want to get this right, Steve. I’m tired of getting it so fucking wrong.”
“I can think of a few reasons that you’ve shown a lot of, um, appreciation for.”
Tony doesn’t fall for the oh shucks routine but he’s always rudderless in the blue of Steve’s eyes. He tugs on the beard until the strap is snug under Steve’s chin, flicks his gaze to that full mouth and leans in. “It’s not a referendum on you and I do enjoy venturing into the hyperbolic.”
Steve groans and rubs the heels of his hands into his eyes. He properly
Peter sighs deeply and silently prays for someone to build a fence.
“However, his heart rate is low and he is bleeding internally. He has four gunshot wounds. Not three like originally believed. He needs immediate medical attention.” JARVIS concludes when the scan finishes.
Steve felt as if he were floating, between a state of conscious and unconsciousness, just in the afterglow and exhaustion of his double orgasm. The centipede's body felt warm, and comforting around him. Steve released his thighs and let his legs relax, his hole felt wet and open, empty he wanted to be filled with something thicker, longer heavier. His cock and balls ached from overuse, but the heat was still present, and a tingle buzzed under his skin. Steve rubbed his hands over his skin, scratches his nails up his thighs as he spread his legs and just palmed over his testicles, taint and ass cheeks. He settled his hand between his legs, and circled his fingers over his hole, playing with the viscous fluid from the centipede. He closed his eyes just settling into the lazy unhurried self play while the centipede remain coiled around him cushioning his head and neck as it provided Steve the momentary break from their activities.
It still made Steve's stomach churn whenever he saw the thing, and that it kept getting bigger only made him feel more uneasy. He stopped hanging around he lab and avoided having to go down there so he didn't have to look at the grotesque creature. He swore it had been watching him, whenever he was nearby the creature would rear itself up and would sway by the glass, its pincers clicking together. It was the stuff of nightmares, like something straight out of a Lovecraft novel, it made Steve cringe whenever he saw it squirming about.
Steve took each step carefully, listening and scanning the lab space. His eyes caught the broken glass of the containment cube that Tony had constructed to hold the centipede. Great. Steve tightened his grip on the shield in preparation to either throw it, or use its edge to cut the creature in half. There was the soft noise of skittering across the hard floor right behind him, taking a breath Steve prepared himself for battle, and spun around ready to throw when- a cloud of something erupted into his face.
Steve only distantly heard the conversation but the words registered in his head slowly. Rocket had mentioned before something about hacking, and blood on the work table.
Tony mulled over her words for several seconds. Could he really expect anything positive to come out of this? He had been desperate for relief, and he had never once thought of Steve in
“Steve.” Tony whispered, unsure of why exactly the name was escaping past his lips, or why his eyes met the other man's and held the gaze for longer than was appropriate.
“Spread yourself.” He ordered. “And look back at the mirror.”
Here there was no deadlines, no bosses, no directors of organizations, or board members to impress. It was Steve and Tony and they could make the rules. After dinner that night they managed to get up the stairs while pulling off shirts, kissing, hands exploring each other as if it were their first time. Sex with Steve was always like a new experience for Tony, the way the man made him crave his touch, his lips, hands, cock. Tony had never yearned for anyone as he did every time they fell into bed together. Steve was always efficient in opening him up, knowing all the right spots to kiss and nip as his fingers slipped into Tony's body to distract from the burning stretch.
“Yeah...behind us.” Steve agreed. If only it were so easy.
Tony laid back on the floor and felt his eyes drifting closed, the fatigue setting in. If he could just rest for a minute...that was all he needed, and then he could figure out what Thor was doing there. Just...for...a...minute. Tony passed out, his body completely worn out from the experience. Steve too was feeling drawn towards some much needed sleep. He relaxed next to Tony on the workshop floor, still a mess, a combination of bodily fluids smeared across his abdomen, face and leaking from his ass.
Steve moaned softly. “Yes it does...” He closed his eyes and gently rocked his hips against Tony's hand. Steve needed more, more friction, more stimulation. He reached down unclasping his belt and unbuttoning his jeans, Tony saw him struggling one handed and assisted. The jeans were unzipped hastily and Tony reached his hand in and rubbed his palm over the hard length of Steve's cock through the fabric of his briefs. That earned him another sexy moan from Steve, he had never heard anything that was so arousing. Tony pulled Steve in for another heated kiss while he palmed him.
“I do know, I've wanted it for so long. Please.” He breathed his eyes pleading as he leaned forward just a bit making his intent clear. Steve didn't stop him, as much as he told himself over and over that he should, that he couldn't do this with Tony. Their lips met and they kissed. Light and fleeting at first, Tony pulled back his eyes wide in surprise with his breath hitching in his throat. Then they delved in for more Steve's hands going up to stroke though Tony's hair and hold him there as his tongue delved into the young man's mouth.
“To bond?” Steve finished. Feeling his heart racing. He hadn't imagined they would reach this point so soon.
“I...I want you alpha.” Tony's reply was muffled against Steve's neck which caused Steve to chuckle lightly.
“As much as I enjoy making a mess of you, sleeping in dried spunk isn't great.” When Tony finished he tossed the towel into the closet, and pulled the blankets up over Steve before joining him in the bed. Steve turned and nuzzled up to Tony, wrapping an arm around him and holding him close.
Upstairs the others cleaned up the kitchen, Natasha headed for the gym and Bruce went to his room for some meditation practice leaving Steve alone. Although it had been months since the battle of New York Steve still felt as if he were a stranger to Tony. On the field they seemed to work together okay, but Tony was usually absent from any of the usual team building activities. Steve constantly worried if it had to do with those hurtful words he had said to Tony when they had first met. It didn't help that he was immensely curious about the arc reactor, but they obviously where not at a comfort level for Steve to ask Tony about it. Thrumming his fingers on the table Steve decided to make more of an effort to get to know his eccentric teammate.
“My name is Nebula...I am not from this world, but we need your help.”
Tony lifted his head up and looked into Steve's eyes. “I meant about...you saying next time? That you want there to be a next time?” Steve blinked. It had all just come out in the heat of the moment, but now that he thought about it. Yes. He wanted a next time. After watching Tony experience such an intense orgasm Steve wanted to give him that again.
It wasn't finished with him yet. The centipede released another small puff of its pollen which this time Steve didn't fight. He breathed it in, the smell almost sweet like flowers and welcomed the hazy drunk feeling. The aches and soreness faded rapidly as Steve's system metabolized the pollen all too efficiently. He felt the fire ignite again inside himself, and the aches faded all he knew was he wanted more, he wanted to come again. There was the sound of the lab door sliding open, footsteps and then-
Pepper could see that Tony was fairly distressed about this situation. She stood up walked around the desk to pull the other empty chair forward, and sat in front of him. “Tony...Tony who was it? Why would having a relationship with an alpha lead to anyone knowing you're an...” She lowered her voice. “An omega.”
There was a snort from Tony and he quirked his mouth slightly in a half smirk. “There's not a single person that has ever fucked me like that Captain.” Steve felt a sudden warmth pool in his groin. “I never bottomed for a man before. You realize that right?” Tony continued, his eyes dark and intense. “You are the only man to ever have his cock in me, and believe me when I say that you are the only man that I will allow to fuck my ass again.” Steve's cock stirred, and was beginning to stiffen in his pants from Tony's words. It only brought back the vivid memories of Tony's heat.
Tony landed hard on the compacted dirt beneath him, he raised both his hands and fired a repulser blast from each palm, but the energy didn't appear to phase Thanos at all. The conqueror only gave Tony a mocking grin as he closed his gauntlet clad hand into a first and a large blast of purple energy slammed into Tony, knocking him back, he rolled a few feet away and shook the dizziness from his head. “Boss the arc reactor cannot sustain the energy necessary to power the nanobots. Not with this amount of damage to the system.”
Tony whimpered in response, he was so close but he needed that extra little push. He moaned as Steve continued thrusting into him, each glide into him hitting his prostate sending hot jolts of pleasure through him and to his cock.
Tony winced slightly and looked off to the side while he chewed his lower lip. “You can tell?” How was it that easy for him to know?
He listened to the quiet footsteps around the room the rustle of fabric and the zipper on a suitcase. Steve expected to hear the door any moment just waiting for Tony to walk out on him and out of his life once more. He waited. Waited. There was suddenly the soft brush of lips on his cheek, and the gentle caress of fingers through his hair, Steve didn't know he could feel such a warmth and hope envelope him.
“Where to cap?” Natasha asked.
Tony whimpered at the loss of Steve's lips when he backed up from the bed, standing at the edge still in his uniform pants and combat boots. Steve backed up and switched the lights off and the room was cast in darkness, the only light from the occasional flashes from the storm outside. The rain was coming down harder now, the droplets pattering over the window. Steve approached the bed and unfastened his belt and let it drop heavily to the floor. Tony sat back and observed, watched as Steve toed off his boots, and unbuttoned his uniform pants and slid them down and off.
"I have my own ride where are you staying?" Steve asked once they reached the parking lot, he was standing close to Tony. Steve had liked the contact, the feeling of Tony's hand on him, he realized he was probably touched starved and now was craving more.
Tony's head snapped back and he fixed Steve with an angry stare. “You thought what Steve? That I want to go into heat? That I want to have that insatiable sex frenzy again? You're an alpha you have everything handed to you, people respect you, but me? I am a freak of nature, I have no place within our society. You think I got this far by letting others know what I am? No. No one will ever take a male omega seriously. We're just made for alpha cock...” Tony spat. “I was avoiding you until the suppressants were working again. I didn't want another situation like in the gym.”
Tony's breath was coming out shallow as his deep brown eyes searched Steve's and briefly flicked down to Steve's lips and back up. “What if...I have met the perfect one...we just don't know it yet.” He whispered.
“Yes you can, we'll keep it confidential no one has to know. Whoever you need to tell.” Tony's voice was soft and almost pleading. Steve had never seen this side of him before. Was he that concerned for Steve's well-being? Did he see this as his fault and now was desperately trying to find a fix? He knew then he had to tell Tony that it wasn't what he thought, he wasn't the problem exactly. It was so much more complicated than that. Maybe if he opened up to the one other person that had been there with him it wouldn't be quite as bad. Still he was prepare for Tony to pull away from him, repulsed by him.
“Alph-Steve.” Tony corrected in a breathy gasp. Steve was holding back and intentionally driving him mad, every brush and touch of his fingers over him sent shivers up his spine and a spiking of heat in his groin. He needed to be filled. “Please...more.” Tony closed his eyes as Steve resumed sucking on his cock, he didn't stifle the gasp as he felt the finger finally breech him. Tony sucked in a quick breath and moaned. Yes. This was what he had wanted. The obscenely dirty sounds filled the air, the wet squelch as Steve drove his finger into him repeatedly, and the sucking slurp noise of Steve's mouth around his cock.
“Disposed of it.”
Tony examined his new hand, he formed a fist and then spread his fingers apart, he did it several times watching the metal digits open and close. He could feel it just as well as if it had been his flesh hand, but the signals were just different enough for him to read it as not quite right. Shuri and he had worked together well to fashion the design, a perfect meld of his nanobot tech with Wakandan vibranium. He slid his fingers up the metal surface to the elbow, he curled his arm in and extended it out. The movement as dexterous and flexible as if it were flesh and bone. Tony wondered if he should get into the prosthetic business.
“I know how we can contact Clint. If he's...out there.” Natasha's somber voice trailed off. If...if he survived Thanos' genocide was left unsaid, but they all knew they were thinking it.
“That..that was incredible Steve.” Tony whispered.
“Hm?” Steve responded.
“I was raging horny and was trying not to jump your bones right then and there...” Tony replied honestly. He let out a heavy sigh before he continued. “I want to try with you, but we need to get some things in order before we even attempt. First and most important.” Tony's eyes met Steve's. “I cannot be your omega.” Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Tony held a finger up to silence him. “I'm not finished.” He scowled slightly before continuing. “I cannot be your omega, but I can be your beta. Understand? If you want to explore this...connection-as you call it- you need to allow me some grounds to work with here. Number one being I will continue to declare myself a beta, and that means I suppress the heat. Number two, for the time being this is just between us. I don't need this out in the public just yet.”
“Thank you.” Steve sighed in contentment. Tony rolled onto his side to look at Steve and stroke his fingers over Steve's sweaty skin. He was a mess, covered in come and sweat, a picture of perfect debauchery.
“He did which is why I volunteered.” The man replied and sat back in the chaise, draping his arm across the back. He slipped off the thin sandals from his feet and tucked his legs up onto the cushion, a small beaded anklet was visible and it caught Steve's eye.
Steve groaned against Tony's lips letting the man claim him, craving more, whatever Tony wanted to give him. It had been so long since Steve had been kissed, especially like this he couldn't think if he had ever been kissed quite like this, charged with such fiery passion he couldn't get enough of. Tony pulled back letting Steve catch his breath, but he only leaned in to trail his lips over Tony's neck, leaving soft kisses down over every bit of skin he could reach. Breathy sighs escaped Tony's throat as he let himself fall into the moment, the touches, the sensations of Steve's soft caressing lips over his skin. He tilted his head giving Steve a better angle and more access to him.
“I made pancakes.” Bruce added.
“It's just another incredible thing that you created. It is as much a part of you as anything, as your armor as the arc-reactor at one time. I guess I'm still that man out of time...still marveling at the world and the shiny gadgets and technology.” Steve admitted quietly.
“I'm sorry I didn't realize.” Tony shrugged in response and kept quiet so Steve could draw. Steve made a few alterations felt satisfied and swapped over to a bigger canvas and picked up a fresh pencil. He had Tony lay back on the chaise both his arms above his head and resting comfortably on the pillows beneath him. He had a leg stretched out the other knee bent up and the fabric knot adjusted low on his waist.
Steve felt the anxiety he had been experiencing begin to dissipate, but why then had Tony been avoiding him? He was about to ask why, but then as Tony had moved closer to him he picked up on it. He inhaled, and then again more deeply, and he realized that something wasn't right about the way that Tony smelled. During the heat Steve had been so up close and personal he had an intimate knowledge of Tony's true omega scent. It was artificial. It wasn't right at all. “You're back on the suppressants.” It wasn't a question. He knew it was true.
“You like that huh? Me calling you soldier. I'll remember to use it more.” Tony commented with a playful smile.
“Goats?” Steve had asked with a raised eyebrow.
They took turns handing the goats small handfuls of the hay and some oats as an extra treat. Tony still wasn't that enthused about the goat slobber on his hands when feeding them, but he was willing to deal with it. The little animals bleated happily as they munched on the treats, and Steve laughed as they tugged the strands of hay from his hands.
It didn't get better. If anything it only became worse as Steve would be caught off guard by it. The memories would pop into his mind when he was bored or allowed his mind to drift and it always returned to the night with the centipede. He hyper-focused on the moments with Tony, and at times Steve could recall the musky scent of Tony's arousal and the taste of the man's precome on his tongue. Sometimes he felt a dull ache inside, a need to have Tony behind him again and filling his ass, pumping into his channel and spilling his load inside.
“It's okay Steve, I know government work and super secret stuff you're not allowed to tell me.” In all honesty it had hurt the most when Steve had written to him and broke the news that he wouldn't be back stateside in time for the graduation. Tony hadn't been surprised by his parents unable to attend, but Steve had been the one that upset him most. At least he was apologizing. “It was boring anyways, lots of talking and sitting and more sitting and more stuffy old people droning on and on. Seriously it was a massive bore.”
Tony seemed to consider the offer for a moment, he looked off towards the side of the room hie brow tense in thought. Steve waited patiently for his answer, and after that not so patiently, he began to grow a little antsy and tried to think of what else he could say.
It hadn't been easy for Tony, calling off the engagement with Pepper. If he could have spared her the pain he would have but, he didn't want to lie to her. The years-yes years-it had taken for them to reverse the damage of Thanos' chaos, the dusting, ending half the lives of people across the universe, Tony had long since moved on. It hadn't been his plan, but during the bleak days of no hope, no horizon just the black abyss of failure he and Steve had found solace in each other. How could he have known that they would succeed? That with the power of the infinity stones they could bring back everyone that had faded to ashes? To those who had turned to dust no time had passed for them at all, and so last Pepper had known Tony had flown into space on some alien craft leaving her behind. They had plans for a wedding, and Tony had been talking of having children.
Tony swallowed hard. He felt Steve's fingers digging into the flesh of his behind and spreading his cheeks. He felt the cool air biting were his slick covered him. Tony reached back his own hands and placed them over Steve's and held himself open. “I can do it.” Tony replied and Steve moved back to holding Tony's hips. With a deep breath Tony turned his head and looked back in the mirror at himself.
“Hmm yeah that's a good idea, I'm beat.” Tony reached for the blanket and winced slightly. “Ow!” Steve had Tony lie back and he grabbed the blankets to pull up over the two of them.
“He's been quarantined as well but we brought him out of it yesterday. Since he wasn't subjected to as much of the substance. It appears your serum amplified the effects. I'm still looking into it, but from what I can tell you should return to normal soon.” Bruce explained.
“Can you handle that? No one could go again after coming like that.”
“Yes, yes just do it already!”
“My little masochist?” Tony teased between panting breaths, he still rocked his hips forward, fucking Steve good and hard.
“Experimentation is healthy for someone your age. There is no reason to be ashamed or embarrassed. Just as long as you are happy with who you are in the end.”
Steve worked Tony's hole loose, stretching him to make sure he was good and ready. When he believed Tony was fully prepped he pulled his fingers out and gave Tony another heated kiss. “You think you're ready for me?”
It gave Steve a sort of pride to know that this could be the comparison that Tony used for all his future encounters. Steve was striving to be that unobtainable first experience. To be the one that Tony would forever remember, and always look back on fondly. Steve thrust his cock harder into Tony's tight channel, a moan escaped him from the pleasure of it. “Tony...you're so tight God! You feel so good, so good!” Steve chanted as he continued his steady rhythm and there was the quiet sound of skin slapping skin as Steve's thighs, and hips continually bumped against Tony's rear and back of his thighs. Tony tried to ignore the wet sound of Steve's cock sliding in and out of his ass, but in the quiet of the room and between his and Steve's moans it was difficult to try and ignore.
“Can you tell me exactly what happened to me in there?” Steve asked after a few days. Bruce had been working diligently to run through all the necessary tests to get Steve into the clear.
“It won't be any good.”
“What...what the hell?” Steve still had enough sense to question as he stared down at himself and the growing bulge in his pants. Feeling his strength momentarily sapped Steve dropped his shield to the floor in a loud clatter and stared helplessly at the centipede. It stared back at him with nearly lifeless glassy eyes and its maw secreted a clear gooey slick that dribbled over its pincers.
It had been a grueling couple of months for the Avengers. First they had to do some clean up of rogue AIM and Hydra facilities doing some very illegal and dangerous activities. Thor had requested their assistance with some civil war between some otherworldly beings that no one knew how to pronounce properly. An MIT student accidentally released a swarm of little bots that liked to attached themselves to electronic devices and zap their battery power to continue their own little lives. That wasn't including the mountains of paperwork, public relations, and clean up projects the Avengers were involved in.
“I've been fingered before Steve. I know what to expect.” Tony breathed out and tried to let his body go loose as Steve gently circled the pad of a finger around his entrance.
Tony turned his head gazing at Steve in bewilderment. “Why? Why would you offer me such a thing, you hardly know me. This is just post orgasm pillow-talk I've heard it all before Steve. Not that I don't appreciate the gesture, but you'll come to your senses in the morning.”
“Does this please you as well my lor-I mean...Steve.” Tony corrected, this time with a grin.
“I-I know-nnngh!” Tony whimpered when he felt Steve nip him playfully.
“What the fuck is wrong with me?” He asked aloud in the dark not actually looking for an answer. After a few more minutes of wallowing in self pity Tony forced himself up and entered the bathroom to clean himself up. He wiped away the come from his abdomen and cock with a wet towel, tossed it into the dirty laundry and returned to his bed. Sleep didn't come easy as his guilt weight heavy.
It was like a switch had been flipped and all the doubts dissipated in an instant, and all Steve felt was that overwhelming flame of sexual need. The burning in his skin returned with a vengeance and he worked the rest of his uniform off in a hurry, stripping off the top and shucking off his boots and pants. The centipede clicked its mandibles together almost as if it were pleased with the display. Steve rested on his knees and closed his eyes to enjoy the cool air in the lab on his sweat drenched skin. He ran his hands over himself, every touch was a ripple of pleasure, down his chest, palms rubbing over his pink nipples, and down over his sculpted abdomen and reaching his erect cock.
“What about a farm?”
“Get some rest Captain, we should be getting you out of this quarantine soon.”
Steve took a few wobbly steps forward, he felt unsteady on his feet. He felt like he was in a haze, everything around him fuzzy as he followed the delectable scent to the source. Steve pushed the bedroom door open and was met with the most alluring sight. The lights in the room were dimmed low, the bed, still large and luxurious was covered in deep red silky sheets, Tony was stretched out languidly on his stomach like a jungle cat. He was nude, his olive skin already coated in a light sheen of glistening sweat, his hair was a tousled mess, and he looked at Steve with a fiery lust in his eyes. Tony was ever so slowly grinding his hips against the bed, and as Steve trailed his eyes over the form of his omega he spotted the dark spot on the bed between Tony's legs...he was already leaking slick and it was soaking into the silky fabric of the bed sheet.
“Volunteered?” Steve questioned once he pulled his eyes away from the adornment.
Hot...he felt so hot his skin was ablaze with a heat that sweat began to prickle along his brow. He felt it in his lower back, his neck, thighs, arms, everywhere. The centipede moved coiling itself around Steve's middle, its many legs dug into him seemingly holding him tightly. The legs Steve had expected to feel sharp and angular were actually soft, fleshy like its all too squishy body. They massaged along his torso like a lover's caress but...no...this was a monster he had to stop it. That was his reason for being here.
“Thanks!” He said as he strolled in. He heard Tony arguing with with the A.I.
Tony held Steve's hips down as he ground his hips up to drive himself deeper, his back arched up from the bed as he reached an intense climax. Tony moaned and it was the most beautiful sound to Steve hearing the man come. He felt the wet splash of Tony's seed spilling inside of his ass and filling him as he had so desperately wanted. Steve reached down and fisted his cock furiously until he too came adding to the already obscene amount of come he had spurted over Tony earlier.
Thanks for reading!
“What should I do? Tony...tell me what to do.” Steve pleaded, he felt near tears again.
Steve regarded Tony for a moment, unsure if this was really what Tony wanted or if it was some weird form of pillow talk that would be disregarded in the morning. Even if that were so Steve wanted to hold onto the sliver of hope that he could have Tony again in his arms like this. That he would be allowed to touch, to kiss, and hold, even without the sex, or hell even if it was only about the sex, Steve knew he would take whatever Tony was willing to give. Steve reached a hand up and lightly touched his fingers to Tony's cheek affectionately before he moved in and kissed him softly.
“Try not to keep Daddy up too late. He’s even grumpier than you if he doesn’t get a solid eight hours,” Steve smart-alecks with a wink that will always put a curl of heat in Tony’s stomach and get him to short-circuit to a certain degree.
Tony turns his back on Steve and walks out, trusting him—hah—not to follow.
“They’re fading,” Steve says muffled by Tony’s skin and sounding north of regretful. “Your freckles. Going away with summer it looks like.”
“He’ll be
Steve is. With a shudder, Tony says, “Yeah, I think I do.”
“Some would call that bravery stupidity. Both parts.” He cleaves closer, pets down Tony’s stomach, and toys with the navel that sticks out. There’s not an inch of Tony’s body that he doesn’t like. In another life, Steve believes he could even love him. “What’s it is like over there?”
Steve reckons that there’s no need to wonder aloud really. He’s pretty good at clocking Tony’s expressions and he can already see that Tony’s made up his mind, how desperately he wants this. But still, with his tone remarkably more even than he actually feels, Steve ventures. “You’re not asking?”
“Reassemble around the hands, remove the helmet for additional support.” Tony ordered FRIDAY. He needed his repulsers if he was going to stand even a remote chance. The armor uncovered Tony's face and a portion of his right shoulder, but he regained use of his weapons. It was like a ripple extending out from the edge around his forearms fluid in its motion until it solidified into the sleek signature red and gold armor of Iron Man.
“I can stop if it's too much.” Steve looked down at Tony a moment before he answered. He recalled, hazily the centipede when it had probed him with its tongue, when he discovered it had a tongue. Even then he had thrilled at the idea of being rimmed, and the heat in his groin only grew hotter knowing that Tony wanted to lick him there.
“No need to be ashamed of anything with me. I'm a depraved, kinky, dirty man who loves having a needy cock-loving super soldier to fuck.” Tony growled and kissed Steve roughly. It was a demanding, domineering kiss as Tony's tongue assaulted Steve's mouth, and he found himself moaning helplessly into the kiss. Steve gave himself over, willingly, because, he wanted to be all of that for Tony. He wanted to be his, and only his to kiss, to possess to fuck.
Steve's eyes darted from the hand to Tony's face. “I didn't want you to think I was put off by it. It's really incredible, like your armor, but it isn't the same this is really sleek looking.” He trailed his fingers up from the wrist, past the elbow joints and gently rubbed soothing circles over the attachment rig on Tony's bicep.
Steve looked down at down at Tony. “You want me to use a condom?”
His free hand reached over for Tony's left, tracing over the metallic surface again. Tony turned his head and watched Steve's fingers trace over the replacement arm. They let the rain outside fill the void of the quiet for a time.
Steve had kept Tony on edge for so long, he had done so well for him that night. He had let Steve push him completely out of his comfort zone. Stev wrapped his hand around Tony's cock and stroked him, working up to the pace they had been at before. Tony shuddered, he braced his hands on Steve's chest and a stream of incoherent noises left his mouth. He felt raw and used and so close to his orgasm he didn't care about anything else. Steve's hand felt so good, the perfect amount of pressure along his shaft as the head of Steve;s cock rubbed up against Tony's prostate.
“I don't want you to just settle...I want you to date and meet other people. I don't want you to be tied down on my account alright?” He touched his fingers to Tony's chin and lifted his head so he could meet his eyes. Steve leaned down and pressed his lips to Tony's in a light kiss. “I'm not saying we can't still do things together, and I did mean it that I want you again, but we won't be exclusive. Understand?”
Steve's mouth was flooded with the bitter load, the hot stream pulsed into his mouth and he swallowed it without complaint. He pulled back to catch his breath, Tony was still writhing beneath him and the last few spurts of cum from his cock caught on Steve's lip and chin, in his beard. Tony fell back against the bed boneless and loose, he looked down at Steve still nestled between his legs. The image of perfect debauchery his hair mussed and tangled up, his lips wet and glistening, semi swollen from the work they had performed, and the come trailing down the corner of his mouth, and caught in his beard.
“Then you have to talk to someone about what the problem is so you can come back to the Avengers.” Tony stated. “If it isn't me.”
“I suppose I could give it a try.” Steve replied at last. “I mean...it would be cheaper than hiring a model and their schedules may be more flexible.”
“Don't be embarrassed. I do kind of like it, but I really like when you use my name.” Steve repositioned himself on the couch, getting onto his knees and leaning over the back, draping his arms over Tony's shoulders. “Especially when I fuck you” Steve kissed him hard and Tony made a nearly obscene sound. Steve didn't talk dirty, but the few times he did it had Tony's dick rock hard in record time. “I like it when you chant my name, when I hear you moaning it when I suck you.” He kissed Tony again, his hands traveled up from Tony's shoulders to his neck and tangled in his hair again. “when I finger you, when I rim you, when I knot you. I love it when you say my name Tony...God Tony...Tony.” Steve kissed him again as he chanted his lover's name emphasizing it's affect.
“Tony...I hope someday...you can see this as I see it.” Steve said while tracing his finger along the edge of the reactor. Tony remained quiet...Steve was insisting on making this emotional...and sweet and all those things that Tony actively avoided. “I know why you hate it and I'm not saying you have no reason to, but I just...I want you to understand why I love it.”
“On your knees Tony.” Steve ordered him and Tony did so sitting up on his knees, his cock jutting out from his body obscenely. Steve looked down at it and stifled a groan as he too sank down to the floor his hands grasping onto Tony's thighs and sliding upwards. The bed was low enough to the floor that Steve could easily reach Tony, it made for some fun positions for them. Steve leaned in and pressed several kisses to Tony's hip and thigh, intentionally avoiding the aching member brushing along his cheek. There was a frustrated grunt from Tony and Steve grinned as he moved further in trailing his lips along the heated skin. A wet tongue pressed to the base of Tony's dick and ran up along his length to the leaking tip. Tony shuddered and gasped while his hips stuttered forward, but Steve stilled him with his hands on his hips.
Steve broke away, resting his forehead against Tony's and running his fingers through dark unruly hair affectionately. “I'm so sorry Tony...” Steve said in a gruff and strained voice.
Steve rubbed the head against Tony's hole, his precome smearing and mixing with Tony's own slick. “Don't you see how incredible you are? You're built for this...and you're perfect. Perfect for me. My omega...you're my omega Tony.” The tip caught on Tony's rim and Steve paused for moment before pushing his hips up slowly, Tony didn't dare to move, and still held his cheeks apart as just the head of Steve's length breached him. Tony moaned from the sensation, the stretch right around his rim and this was just the beginning. Steve slowly pushed himself further in, inch by inch he slipped into Tony's body. Steve lifted his hand to Tony's shoulder to coax him down.
“I appreciate it none-the-less. Now you, get on the bed and get comfortable.” Steve did as he was told feeling a nervous excited energy buzzing under his skin. He should feel...more uneasy about this but he didn't, he had never wanted a man like this but right then it didn't matter it didn't bother him. Tony was a concubine this was his profession he was simply using a service as it was meant, and Tony wanted him to use it.
“Okay.” Tony agreed and let his body go pliant while Steve ever so slowly pushed the single digit into him. Tony tensed up involuntarily and Steve soothed him back into a relaxed state with light kisses and whispered encouragements.
“Weakness? Is that how you see it?” Tony had turned away then and pulled a shirt on grateful to have the barrier between himself and Steve. This was getting too personal, and Tony had to stop it before either of them did something they would regret.
“Yes.” Tony replied. “Though they have offered me as a gift to visitors. Women of high royalty and such.” Tony plucked at a thread on the cushion he was seated on. “We really are not supposed to speak of who we service. Client confidentiality of sorts.”
“Trust me.” Steve replied and with a gentle nudge to Tony's hip he coaxed him to turn onto his back so Tony could face him. Steve crawled over him, holding his weight up on his arms and leaned down to kiss Tony's lips. While making out Steve re-positioned himself and thrust his length back into the loose and slick entrance. They both grunted softly, and Tony managed to hide the wince. Tony drew his legs up and wrapped them around Steve's middle changing the angle just enough for Steve's cock to graze his prostate.
Tony shuddered from the sight. Captain America, sucking on Tony's metallic hand. This was a piece of his tech something he had created, and Steve was loving on the thing as if it were just as good as any real flesh and blood piece of him. A part of him wondered if Steve possibly had a bit of a fetish for his armor. Steve bit at the digit playfully then lifted himself onto his arms, he loomed over Tony for a moment then leaned in planting a light kiss on Tony's lips. He then kissed his way down over Tony's jaw, and neck and down over Tony's scarred chest.
“There was no time and he insisted. I know all about synthetic replacements, every part of me has been through it.” Nebula replied dryly. “We had no other choice.”
“I think you are the one that needs to make yourself comfortable.” The man replied, his velvety voice had a note of amusement to it.
Steve scowled at Tony and opened his mouth to respond when Bruce spoke up. “I'm kind of with Tony on this one. If Hydra was interested in it would it be so bad if we studied it ourselves in a controlled environment? Maybe once we gather some data we will be more informed to make a factual based decision.”
“More than sufficient that was...well I wasn't intending for this evening to go this way, but I'm not disappointed with the turn of events.” Steve replied softly with a smile. “Can I see you again? Not just for this, if you want to I won't...I mean I would like to-you know- this again, but I still want to use you as my model.” Steve stumbled over his words, his head still felt a little hazy after the explosive orgasm.
At first Jarvis refused him entry. “Apologies Captain.” Jarvis informed him politely. “But sir does not wish to be disturbed at this time.” Steve nodded.
“We can try again in a little while?” Steve suggested. This had been the norm of late while they had tried to be intimate with each other. Since Tony had gotten onto a new type of suppressant it had also created a lot of issues with Tony's libido, and his ability to perform sexually. Tony had a lot of trouble achieving an erection now, and even more difficult time reaching an orgasm. The doctor refused to allow Tony onto the previous suppressants as they had initially been developed for female omegas. For some reason they could exasperate his already existing heart condition in males. Tony hadn't exactly listened to the specifics, all he had focused on was he had been told “No.”
“Yes-Yes-Yes!” Steve panted. Tony realizing that he now had his hands free reached down and gripped onto Steve's narrow waist and drove himself hard and fast into the captain's clenching ass. Tony couldn't resist now that the centipede had released him he drew his right hand back and delivered a hard and heavy slap to Steve's perfect cheek.
“Eeeh friendly-ish? I mean last time we met she sort of got us captured by the ravagers and had this whole vendetta against her sister thing which I thought they maybe worked out?” Rocket looked up at the Captain's dubious expression. “I mean yeah, yeah she's fine.” He waved him off.
After venturing outside his room and the short elevator ride down Steve walked into the gym and towards the cubby that held various items, towels, water, and tape for his hands were among them. Steve wrapped his hands and started on the punching bag as he had done a number of times since waking from the ice. One hit, two hits, three Steve kept the count in his head until up to ten in quick succession. Left jab, right jab, repeat, left, right, repeat. It was a monotonous routine, but it was one that Steve could perform with little thought, and soon he was working up a sweat as he beat the bag.
"Ah yeah...feels like you have a big dick Steve."
“Stop, right there I don't want to hear any sympathy I made the decision and as far as I am concerned it was a necessary one. I would be useless otherwise so it's all well and good. ”
“Steve...” Bruce began. “I know it isn't easy to talk about, and I'm not saying it has to be me, but..S.H.I.E.L.D. has a lot of professionals that could help you if you wanted to-”
"The Hilton 6th floor room 633. Alright." Steve stepped closer to Tony he'd give Tony the reassurance that he would be there. This was all a game after all. Steve took Tony's chin lightly tilting his head up and leaned closer so they were only mere inches apart. "I look forward to seeing you there Tony." Steve pressed his lips to Tony's and kissed him, it was quick and over too soon. Steve smirked and then turned away heading over to his bike.
“Steve.” Tony groaned and angled his own hips, drawing his legs up around Steve's waist to draw the head of his cock against his waiting hole. “Fuck me...please...” Tony begged. Steve felt almost dizzy with want and hearing Tony begging for him in such a way. Steve had to comply.
“Yes, yes fuck me Captain, fuck me!” Tony chanted out loud as his hand sped up, the leather scraped against his skin. His hips snapped up into his fist as he pumped his cock imagining having filthy and rough sex with Steve Rogers.“God, oh-fuck-oh-fuck-oooh!” Tony practically wailed as he felt the tension in his body go rigid, everything inside himself reaching the peak and then the sweet release as the orgasm washed over him.
Steve pulled away with a soft smile. “Maybe tonight I'll show you just how happy you make me.”
“S-Steve!” Tony gasped and his hips began to rock forward, rutting himself into the centipede's grasp, as good as it felt though Tony wanted the warmth of Steve's mouth wrapped around his cock. -No- Tony knew he was better than that, he wouldn't give into his baser instinct as much as he had wanted something like this with Steve, intimacy, sex, this wasn't the way it should happen. It all felt so good though, Tony could feel himself slipping and falling deeper into the haze from the pollen.
“Let's face it, we're both probably a little sick for enjoying it.” Tony murmured softly. “but if you want me, I'm game.” They kissed then, a deep passionate kiss. Their lips sliding over one another, their tongues twining together and exploring. When they parted Tony huffed out a breath, the warmth tickling over Steve's wet lips. “Ride me soldier.” Tony ordered with a husky growl.
“I know back in your day psych evaluations were heavily stigmatized, but I think it would really do you some good to sort your feelings out about the encounter. The fact it involved another man it would be understandable if you were experiencing any sort of personal crises.” Bruce added that last part delicately
Steve felt Tony's dexterous fingers trailing gently up his stiff cock, it was the lightest brush of a touch, but it left Steve arching up and moaning for more. His member was twitching and already growing wet at the tip, the viscous fluid smeared messily over Steve's taught stomach. Tony held Steve's cock by the base and bent down to lick at the head and taste the leaking precome.
It became a near nightly ritual as Tony jerked himself off to thoughts of Steve Rogers he wore the gloves of the uniform to better enhance the fantasy. Tony kept the gloves and fashioned a new set for Steve as there was no way he could allow himself to hand them back knowing what he had used them for. Tony contemplated on what he should do about his problem, his obsession, he could quit the Avengers and move far-far away and possibly his infatuation would fade. Only he had too many responsibilities as Iron Man for that to be a viable option.
-Fuck it-Tony thought. He was going all in...Steve would have to back out because he certainly wasn't, Steve could always say no. They were adults after all, consenting adults and Tony wanted it. Wanted Steve naked and inside him...wait what? those were new thoughts, but not entirely unwelcome. Steve held onto Tony's hips as he ran his tongue along Tony lip and explored his mouth. He groaned hearing Tony moan into the kiss, and twisted them around so Tony was now against the wall with Steve holding him there. He kissed along Tony's jaw, and down his neck grinding his hips against Tony. His arousal evident. Steve didn't expect to have such a reaction to Tony, but he had this need to take him. He ground his cock against Tony's thigh wanting him to feel how much he wanted it.
Steve stepped into the lab space and his breath caught, Rocket and Nebula appeared to still be arguing about something, Okoye, was holding an arm down to the table, Shuri was administering a pain killer to the stomach wound. On the table laid Tony, he was fighting them to sit up, but Okoye was holding his left arm down. Steve's eyes trailed to the torn dirty fabric of Tony's clothing, stained with dust and grit the shirt sleeve had been ripped off. Tony's shoulder and bicep were covered in dried blood, around the arm above where the elbow should have been was a metal ring like a tourniquet of sorts, the flesh around it was raw and still bleeding. The ring was held in place by screws that dug deep into the flesh and bone.
Tony shook his head and instead plunged his fingers in again, working them in and out with vigor. “Not yet baby, unlike you I can only go once. I'd hate to leave you all needy and unsatisfied. Trust me okay?” He took extra care to hit that spot that made Steve wail and writhe beneath him.
“You're sweet, but I cannot let you do that.” He said as he stood up from the bed and walked over to the chaise to pick up his sash and retie it around his waist. Steve didn't understand he was certain Tony would have agreed, he left the bed himself, still naked, but not caring as he followed Tony who was headed for the door.
“...Steve...” Tony started to say but Steve cut him off.
“Please-please, alpha I need you.” Tony practically whimpered. He felt the waves of intense need burning within him. His cock was throbbing he needed to come so badly. His balls felt tight and ached with tension. Steve reached down and rubbed the tips of his fingers over Tony's wet hole. He was already open and ready for him....he didn't even need any prep. He was loose and waiting.
Steve kissed Tony's warm cheek and smiled as he closed his eyes for sleep. It may not be right, and there was potentially something very wrong with him for wanting Tony in such a way, but Steve didn't regret any of it. It dawned on him as he snuggled closer to the sleeping body beside him that he may be deeper in this than he first realized...he had always loved Tony but now he knew without a doubt he had slowly transitioned to being in love with the brilliant and eccentric young man.
“And what did you do with the other one?” Rocket asked Nebula.
“Harder, please Tony harder.” Steve panted, so lost in his own pleasure he didn't even know what else was occurring around him. Tony let the centipede use him as it wanted. He closed his eyes and just moaned, each movement sent a fissure of hot jolting pleasure through his body from the stimulation of his prostate, and the tight clenching heat of Steve's ass. Every roll of Tony's hips felt incredible, he didn't know what he wanted more of, to drive himself deep into Steve or feel the shaft of the centipede rub that pleasure spot inside himself.
“Kind of made it easy.” Although he still had the veil on his face Steve could see from the crinkles around Tony's eyes that he was grinning. He wanted to ask him to remove the red silky covering so he could view Tony's face, but he wanted to capture those eyes first. “I will stop stalling and let you get started. Is this a good position?”
“I'm sorry! I may have gone too hard on you.” Steve rubbed soothing circles into Tony's lower back with his hands. “It will hurt for a couple days.” He then reached over and flipped off the light from the lamp on the desk.
Steve sighed and rested his hand on Tony's hip instead. “Tony...”
“...You're saying the serum made it worse?” Steve asked after an extended silence.
“You're overreacting there would be no reason to remove you from the team. Besides I am the one that makes that call in the end not Fury.” Steve replied sternly.
“So hungry for it.” Tony commented. “You're too keyed up, I need to get you come and then we can really have some fun.”
Tony positioned himself on his hands and knees and with a sultry look over his shoulder at his alpha Tony lowered himself on his elbows and arched his back with his hips canting forward in the omega submissive position. A fresh gush of slick dribbled from his waiting hole and trickled down over Tony's sac. Steve just stared and admired committing this image to his memory, all for him Tony only did this for him. He had to wrap a hand over the base of his cock and squeezed to keep himself from coming from the very sight. In this position Steve could also smell the heavy arousal, the musky male scent of Tony and his slick it awakened something primal in Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
They should stop this. Now. “I'm nothing special, and there are plenty of people in the world that would be perfect for you. You just haven't met them yet. ” Steve didn't want to stop the conversation though, even with his better judgment telling him to. There was a thickness in the air, a tension that was nearly malleable.
“S-Someth-InGggG Is D-dD-DD-Draining Power.” FRIDAY's automated voice distorted as Tony watched helplessly as the bleeding edge armor around his hands began melting away from his body.
stuff.”
He didn't waste any time, Steve positioned himself behind Tony on his knees with hands on his narrow waist. Tony felt the head of Steve's cock brush against his hole and he rocked himself backwards indicating he was ready. There was the blunt pressure then with a little thrust the head slipped into Tony's channel and Steve pushed his hips forward pressing himself further into Tony. Once he was fully seated Steve pulled nearly all the way out until just the head of his cock was in and slammed forward making Tony groan. He took a brutal pace, fucking Tony good and hard, the way he knew Tony liked it. Tony was crying out with each thrust, his hands fisted into the sheets as his alpha took him.
“Seeing as this is a time for celebrating I will let this one slide. ” He said as he set the bottle back down. “Just don't let it develop into a bad habit.” Steve added as he sat back down. “So college graduate, what's next? Got any plans? I imagine you have several opportunities lined up. Internships?” Tony moved from his desk picked up the bottle, and sat down on the bed with Steve leaning his back against the wall to lounge comfortably.
“They are...quite lovely to look at...” Steve admitted, feeling the heated blush once more. He cursed his fair skin not for the first time. “And they know it so they may like the idea of someone wanting to view them as an art piece.”
Steve pulled his fingers out, and let go of Tony's taught balls. He scooted backwards on the bed and laid down, beckoning for Tony to follow. Tony let go of his knees and dropped his legs down, his muscles were a bit sore from holding the position for so long. He turned over on the bed and crawled up towards Steve and straddled his waist. Steve sat up a bit and Tony leaned down so they could kiss, all tongue and teeth, hot and sloppy. Steve laid back, his hands settling on Tony's waist.
“...As you wish Captain.” Jarvis replied and the elevator started back up, but instead traveled down towards the lab. Steve held his shield at the ready and as soon as the doors opened he braced for a possible oncoming attack. There was nothing, he stepped out cautiously watching for movement, listening. The walls and door to the lab appeared to be intact still so whatever it was, was still confined to the lab space. Steve approached, punched in his code and entered still holding his shield up
“What do you want then?”
Nothing got past Natasha. She was a master spy after all but it was sometimes a little scary how well she could catch onto people. Not that Steve thought this situation was well hidden. Tony hadn't been within the same floor as Steve for nearly a week now and it was driving Steve mad with worry, and guilt.
Tony chuckled lightly, this was fun Steve playing along like this if only they had been this civil before "Initially I wasn't planning on it, but I usually keep an open mind should any prospects come up." Tony gave Steve a bit of an extended look, taking him in, his eyes trailing down then back up. "So you play hard to get I like that." Tony ran his finger along the rim of his glass. Any minute now he suspected Steve was bound to get flustered and call this off. Tony would keep pushing he wasn't about to be the first to break the charade.
“Did you hear anything I said before? I could lose everything someone would go digging and they would find out-”
At the edge of the city in the safety of the trees and foliage Steve dropped to his knees and covered his face letting the grief, the sadness, all his despair out. He shouted as the tears trailed down over his face. It was too much, it was all too much. Heaving wracking sobs burned through him as he mourned the loss of his friends, for the people he had failed on Earth...for Tony and his suffering. Tony, who he should have been fighting alongside with. Perhaps the outcome would have been different had they all been there for the battle together.
Tony closed his eyes, groaning loudly as his body tensed up, he arched his back up, chanting Steve's name as he came, pulsing waves of pleasure flowed through him. His muscles clenching down around Steve tightly Tony sank back against the bed, panting heavily. His skin was covered in a light sheen of sweat, covered in his own come, some of it on Steve's chest. That was all Steve needed for Tony to send him over the edge, watching him come, and the way Tony's body clenched and squeezed his cock. Steve moaned Tony's name as he came, riding the wave, and nearly collapsing onto his chest, but he caught himself on his forearms.
Steve gasped softly, and without hesitation rocked his own hips to rub his erection against Tony. It was pure bliss. “I-I don't want you to stop...” Steve admitted in a near sob. He leaned forward with his arms around Tony, and buried his face against the man's shoulder.
“Fuck, yes Tony.” Steve breathed while rocking his hips into the engineer's hand.
“You see now? Why I want you off the suppressants?” Steve said after a long silence. He carded his fingers through Tony's unruly dark hair.
“Oh please just call me Steve...and...what do I call you?”
After Steve's morning run he still felt on edge and bothered by Tony's unusual behavior from that morning. He took to the gym to work out some of the growing frustration. He favored the punching bag for these specific situations. Steve had been at it for some time and had worked up a decent sweat from the exertion. He couldn't get the images out of his head from the previous night or the memory of the delectable noises that escaped Tony's mouth in the throes of his pleasure. There had never been any more erotic experience that Steve could compare it too.
“You didn't have to go through all this to help me though, you could have handed me over to Bruce and called it a day. This was..” Steve added the last part hesitantly. “This was more than what any friend would do.”
“Go on, I'm ready, can't wait to feel you stretch and fuck me.” Steve bit back a moan at hearing that. He Moved Tony's legs further apart took himself in hand, and guided himself in, pushing past the tight ring of muscle. Steve slid all the way in until he was buried to the hilt, his balls pressed right up against Tony. They both took a moment to adjust, and acclimate to one another. Steve couldn't believe he was actually in Tony like this. His body was hot, tight, warm, and wet from the lube, it felt incredible. Steve set a hard pace right out the gate, driving his cock deep into Tony repeatedly, stroking over his prostate, and making him groan.
“Oh Tony you're usually not up this early! I...I was looking for uh...this!” He said picking up a random screw-driver. “Well that's all I needed. You have a lot of tools in here took a minute to find, well I should go fix-fix the thing I needed this...for....yeah bye!” Steve rambled as he hurried out of the shop. Tony watched Steve go with a perplexed expression on his face. What on earth had Steve been doing in here? Tony walked up to the workbench that Steve had been standing by and took a glance at the items there, nothing seemed out of place-wait-
“Tony...are you?” He asked, feeling stupid but he had to know this was what he thought.
Steve was breathing heavily with exertion his grip tightened on Tony's hips. “Yes Tony, yes come. Come for your alpha!” Tony reached a hand between his legs and began to stroke himself with Steve's thrusts, but Steve grabbed his wrists and pulled it away. “No...not like that...this...just from me. I know you can do it.”
Tony shook his head and just gave him a small smile. “Nothing.” He gave one of the goats a scratch behind the ear. Steve shook his head and leaned over planting a kiss on Tony's cheek, making Tony chuckle lightly from the scratch of Steve's beard on his skin.
“We didn't know how much time we had! We didn't know if we were flying into a fight with Thanos or not.” Nebula's synthetic voice bit back at Rocket's fiercely.
Once he was done with feeding the chickens Tony met Steve at the pasture where soft bleating echoed through the air. The goats trotted over towards the fence once they spotted Steve. Tony had been joking about the goats, but one day a truck rolled up and delivered three of them. Steve still claimed he had nothing to do with it, that obviously Tony had too much one evening and totally bought them online. Steve though, always had that lopsided smile of his gracing his face whenever Tony brought it up.
“There is nothing-what did you say?Beautiful? about it Steve.” Tony stated dryly. “It serves a purpose.”
“Had you waited we could have done something!” Shuri bit as she worked on mending Tony's stomach wound. The pain killers had finally kicked in and Tony had relaxed back against the table, fading into a drug induced sleep. Now that he wasn't flailing as much she could work more easily.
Hung unanswered in the air. Tony was the first to break eye contact and with a cough walked up into the bay doors. Steve sighed and looked back at the warriors of Wakanda and they offered their salute, crossing their arms across their chests. Steve nodded and repeated the gesture.
Tony lifted his hand and examined the mess, and he had come all over the right handed glove. The shame filled him and he quickly ripped the gloves off and threw them into the nightstand to hide the evidence of his depravity.
"Hmm, good I do like to hear you enjoying yourself Tony." He kissed him and brushed his thumb over the head of Tony's cock.
Tony felt wet, raw and sticky in places he'd rather not think about. To his relief he felt Steve's cock soften and the burning stretch lessened considerably. So as not to crush Tony Steve rolled onto his back beside him on the bed. They both remained there in the dark catching their breath in silence for time. Eventually Steve turned onto his side and propped his head up in his hand, elbow resting on the bed.
Tony shook his head. “I don't care...and we don't have to tell anyone. I can keep this quiet. No one will know until I'm a little older, and I don't care what my father would say. There is nothing he could do to keep me away from you. Steve..please...”
“Yes...Tony?” Steve asked with a raised eyebrow. Tony groaned against him, burying his face into Steve's neck and his hands gripped onto the front of his shirt.
Then again as Sam had mentioned, they may be more open to posing in potentially uncomfortable positions for long periods without complaint. Steve wanted desperately to practice his anatomy drawing, the human body was such a beautiful thing in his eyes.
“Captain America? You let Captain America help you through the heat? Oh Tony back in his day a heat was reserved for bonded mates!”
Unable to make himself wait anymore Tony finally took his cock in hand he let the leather scrape along his shaft, it pulled and tugged a little painfully, but he didn't pull his hand away just yet. He went slow so as not to cause any unnecessary discomfort. Just letting the fantasy dominate his mind of Steve's hands in those gloves touching him in such despicable ways. Steve in the stealth uniform, hungry and desperate for it he wouldn't even take the time to change, he'd touch, rub, fondle every inch of exposed flesh he could reach, and it would feel exactly like this.
Steve felt almost breathless but he gave a quick nod. He didn't want to wait any longer, but he wasn't even certain what else he could be waiting for. He could trust Tony. “This is torture...whatever you have that can solve this, I'll take it please.” Steve nearly startled when he felt the quick and warm brush of lips against his cheek as Tony pressed a chaste kiss against his skin.
Steve did as he was told, standing hastily and stripping himself of his clothes, hungry for whatever it was that Tony had planned for him. It was is if he were under some sort of spell, his logical sense had completely abandoned him. Once he stripped down completely naked he stood back for Tony to look, and look Tony did. He stared, his eyes boring into him with a naked desire, Tony wanted him, his eyes settled on Steve's large cock hanging heavy between his legs.
Steve shook his head as he reached over getting into the drawer and pulling the lube out. "I'm not judging, we all have stresses to take care of." He said as he kissed Tony lightly. He undid the top and put some in his hand. Steve made quick work of prepping Tony, pushing a single finger into him, and moving to two then three. They both were growing impatient, and Steve didn't want to hurt Tony, but he knew he was being hasty in the prep.
Steve turned his gaze from the vial to Tony's eyes. It made sense now Tony was being cautious in case Steve was still in some way compromised with his judgment. He wasn't about to presume any involvement from himself would be welcome without expressed consent.
Something odd was happening, Steve felt his face and neck grow hot while he drew in the piercing and the dusky hard nub. A funny sort of fluttery feeling formed in his belly and down further in his groin...a tingle? Or tickle of arousal? Steve reached for his goblet and took another drink to quench the sudden parched dryness of his throat. Steve itched to run that golden hoop through his fingers, to touch the cool metal ring and give it a gentle tug. Would it make Tony gasp in surprise? What was happening? He typically didn't have those sort of thoughts, let alone about another man, and he was supposed to be a professional here.
“No, no, no, nothing like that. I just want to try something.” Tony nudged Steve with his knee and pulling out of him Steve shifted on the bed. He laid back with Tony straddling him, his hands instantly holding Tony's narrow hips. Tony got comfortable and positioned Steve's dick against his entrance and slipped down onto him with ease. The slide was quick and easy and they both groaned in the pleasure of it. “You-you like this?” Tony asked, his voice pitched low and shaky while he gave an experimental rotation of his hips. His hands braced on Steve's chest for support.
“Yeah, I don't think I have any regrets with it anymore since I have you now.” Steve turned his head to look down at Tony and their lips met in a light kiss.
“Stop!” Tony looked over to the voice his eyes wide in disbelief, Strange hadn't taken the chance for escape. He watched the wizard approach slowly, apparently he had been injured from earlier. “His life for the stone.” Strange offered in strained voice. Tony shook his head. No. They couldn't give up his life wasn't worth this. If Thanos got his hands on that stone...Vision would surely be next.
Steve's eyes widened and he felt the blood drain from his face as it all came into place. This wasn't Thanos...Tony had done this to himself...purposely. The measures that Tony had taken, mutilating himself in an effort to prepare for another battle. What desperation had he felt to make that kind of decision? The full realization of their predicament hit Steve full force all in that moment, at seeing Tony so broken. Thanos had beaten them, the remains of the Avengers had failed the world.
“You keep that up and I'm gonna have to engineer another super-soldier grade punching bag.”
“...Since I woke up...at first it was a lingering feeling, but as time went on it got worse. After I got out of quarantine I tried to...” Steve couldn't say it, he dropped his gaze from Tony's as the shame enveloped him. “I thought maybe if I got it out of my system it would go away. Then I found out I couldn't get off. I rubbed it raw trying, I used other methods and nothing ever got me there. It's been weeks and...I can't...” He trailed off.
Tony gave in, and closed his eyes as well as he lost himself in the moment. He parted his lips willingly and was rewarded with Steve's soft, pleased whimper. Tony automatically raised his hands up to either side of Steve's face to hold him in place. Steve's warm wet tongue delved into Tony's mouth, exploring him for the first time. Lips slotted over one another, hums of satisfaction thrummed through them, tongues licked and tasted as they remained tightly embraced and kissing for what felt like an eternity, and when they pulled apart for air it hadn't felt long enough.
"Nice to meet you Steve so how about that drink?" Tony was perfectly aware alcohol would do nothing for him, but if they were supposed to be strangers in a bar then he wouldn't know any of that. Actually here at this moment they were two normal people not a super soldier from the 40's, and certainly not the owner of a billion dollar company. "Unless I am bothering you." He tilted his head slightly in question. The ball was in Steve's court now, and Tony was honestly waiting for Steve to call him out on this little charade and just get up and walk out.
“No! I didn't mean it like that! I meant I wanted to draw your eyes first!” Steve clapped a hand over his face. “Warm up sketches...warm up sketches!”
Tony's cries increased in volume, while he began to thrust his own hips forward into Steve's tightening fist. Steve met the motion and rhythm with his own thrusting, and after a few strokes he felt Tony tense beneath him.
“Ignore it.” Steve panted. “Not like anyone else is around to hear it either.” Steve's lips were on Tony's again in a deep plundering kiss. They both moaned into it as Steve's cock grazed over Tony's pleasure spot causing the man to clench up around Steve's shaft. “I want to hear you Tony, please.”
“It will be easier if you turn around.” Steve coaxed him with a gentle nudge on his thigh.
“My ex girlfriend couldn't even stand to look at it, and then there are people like you always staring always making me feel like I'm under a damn microscope.”
“As you wish.” Tony replied, his voice honey sweet to the ears. He lifted his arms to the golden chain, the cuffs and bracelets adorning his arms clinked together as he unclasped the chain and let the fabric drop, finally revealing his face to Steve.
When Steve arrived at the tower he headed up to his floor intending to strip off his uniform and sink into a hot bath to soak away the day's tension. He held his helmet in his hands and ran his fingers through the mess of blond hair on his head. The elevator lurched to a stop suddenly. Steve looked around in confusion.
“Tony wait please. Let me-” He tried to protest, but Tony lifted a finger to Steve's lips to silence him and his eyes were sorrowful.
“AH! Fuck!” Tony cursed, and his entire body shuddered. It burned, the stretch of his hole around Steve's cock was immensely uncomfortable,they had rushed the prep he was certain of that now. Despite the discomfort though the head of Steve's cock had forcefully grazed against Tony's prostate and a fissure of pleasure warmed his core.
Once Bruce had left Steve for the day he laid back on the bed and stared at the ceiling while his mind raced over the complications of his predicament. It was uneasy to be in quarantine since he was always watched and monitored there was a constant state of unease. He was looking forward to having actually alone time to process what had happened. Since he discovered his recent problem when thinking back on it.
Steve closed his lips over the taught, peak of dusky skin and sucked gently. It was immensely gratifying to get his mouth on that delectable skin. He flicked his tongue over Tony's nipple, blew his hot breath over it and nipped and tugged the golden hoop with his teeth.
"No, go ahead." He said politely gesturing to the seat next to him. "Must be new around here. Yeah?" He asked and took another drink from his glass.
Tony's breath was coming out in harsh and shaky pants once they parted again. He gazed at Steve with lust filled dark eyes, and swiped his tongue over his lips to wet them before speaking. “Steve...my alpha...take me upstairs.” Steve moved quickly, bounding over the back of the couch to get his hands on Tony. The brunette was already reaching up to wrap his arms around Steve's neck and hoisted himself up, getting his legs secure around Steve's middle.
Tony didn't often show it, but he was always disappointed when his parents chose to go on a vacation together during the holidays, and leaving him behind. It was like clockwork each year he would come home for Christmas to see them packing their bags to travel to some fancy beach in the Bahamas. This year was especially hurtful as it was Tony's first Christmas since graduating college. He had hoped they would at least alter their plans this once, after all it wasn't everyday your 18 year old son graduated college with two masters degrees. He came downstairs to get some breakfast and saw their luggage waiting by the front door, and was dismayed to know that it didn't matter to Howard. He was still upset with Tony for focusing on engineering rather than business.
Christmas Eve is Tony tucking the card he'd written into the back pocket of his pants because he can’t stand to ruin the moment.
The whole thing makes Tony laugh, and it’s a sound that Steve immediately decides he likes. Passing a hand through his bangs and moving them to the side, he smiles back in kind, sheepish and what he hopes is endearing. “How’s this for a first impression?”
Tony learns that Steve is forever and infuriatingly polite.
“God, Steve. Did you buy half of Walgreens?”
Which is nice but a no-go because Tony can’t imagine much better than Steve falling apart right the fuck now.
And that’s. Woah. He wonders at how many hands Tony has. However, Steve trusts Tony, so he nods, throat working hard.
“We can’t do this.” The echo of words are softened with a kiss of apology to the inside of his wrist this time around.
“I have to disagree,” Tony says, only shoots his hand in the air for propriety’s sake.
“Never wanna share this with anyone but you,” Tony swears.
“Tell me, babe.” Tony’s fucking Steve hard and quick, and not slacking off a bit. Each pass over his prostate soaks the notches of Steve’s spine in sparks. Steve rolls into them. “Tell me how much you want it. Tell me it’s good for you. I love you like this, spread for me. Look at you, taking me in. Shit, you’re so tight, Steve. You gotta tell me.”
“You’ll have to enlighten me on the one time I pitied you. Think I might’ve missed it.”
“Trust me,” Tony stresses meaningfully. His fingers find Steve’s, anchoring and filing into their spaces. “She got it.”
“No reason to apologize, it’s fine.” Steve offers what he hopes is a reassuring smile, setting down his drawing tablet. “This is the only place in the penthouse that Tony won’t set foot in. He can be very distracting. Even when he’s trying not to be. So it's the library. I wouldn't get anything done otherwise.”
Tony curses because he’s falling for a dork who parks his car illegally and names his dogs after Tolkien characters. “How the hell am I supposed to—”
The idea of being a father has never been real to Steve. In fact, he’s always considered it to be more of a fantasy than science fiction and figured that he’d sooner see flying cars. No girl had ever looked at his thin-limbed body and wanted for a partner in any meaning of the word. He could barely carry himself most days, sickly and weak, much less a child who would depend on him. Then the war came and Peggy with it. Naive and young, Steve had thought about it. He’d allowed himself to dream of post-war, matching gold bands and a white picket fence penning in a rambunctious pair of children.
“Um, no. Not the coat closet.” Steve‘s eyes go a little shadowy and Tony wants him for the rest of his life. “I
“I apologize, Sir,” JARVIS says, and Tony doesn’t get how people can ever ask if he’s a computer the first time they hear him. “Captain Rogers did acknowledge that he had no confirmation or evidence for his theory that the Winter Soldier was responsible for the passing of your parents. Perhaps Captain Rogers was incorrect in his conclusion?”
Tony’s name punches out of him when he rises from the bedside chair; it covers the distance between them. He only lets go of Tony’s hand to hold him by the jaw, brush his fingers over the rasp of his beard and thread the other into his hair, and to finally kiss the incredulous set of his mouth.
“Is this what we’re doing? Dishing out idioms to explain your feelings?”
“Oh, I don’t foresee that being a major issue.”
“I know and I will,” Tony promises, glances up and nods. “When the timing’s right, I will. He’s got a lot of shit at the moment so.”
“Is this the shovel talk?”
Before he’s aware of what he’s doing, Steve hovers his hand just over it. He looks up for permission, looking for any inkling of a ‘no.’ “Can I?”
Tony has been compartmentalized and it sucks.
“More than. It’s just—” Steve can’t describe the sensory overload, how he revels in the agonizing brilliance of it. He holds Tony’s gaze. There’s only one relentless thought to get across. “Keep going. Please.”
"What do you want?"
Tony holds him tight and close. “No. No, I don’t think so. This is how it is.”
They go again once more; it’s languid and hushed. Steve drifts into sleep with his head tucked under Tony’s chin before he knows it. Later in the twilight, when he feels Tony jostle next to him and leave his side with a quiet kiss to his forehead—
Tony reaches out and strokes the line of his jaw, thumbing back and forth. “Hey there.”
And he does. Once they get more than a dozen pumpkins loaded into the bed of Steve’s truck, the two of them get hopped up on sugar from apple cider donuts, kiss the salty-sweet of kettle corn off pliable mouths with knees brushing knees underneath a picnic table. For a show, Steve takes Tony by the hand to the other side of the farm and skids to a happy halt at the petting zoo. Steve plays a far-fetched game of six degrees of separation: Cirque du Soleil to circus to zoo animals to petting zoo.
Although, Tony’s not entirely sure
Steve used to flood the margins of Tony’s essays with roses-to-thorns commentary: from his appreciation of Tony’s unorthodox theses and take on imagery to reminding Tony to watch his spelling and the liberal use of commas, and
Sighing and ignoring Tony’s scandalized yelp, Steve turns off the gurgling coffee maker. He switches on the kettle and searches for tea. He prefers strong and black but someone usually keeps a tin of green tea or spearmint. Lemongrass would be preferable, but that’s a longshot.
Steve is always glancing at the motor oil on Tony’s face with a clenched jaw, but, one morning, told social proprietary to fuck off, taking his nasty, sweat-soaked shirt and proceeding to clean Tony’s face with the hem of it.
“It really wouldn’t be a day ending in ‘y’ if you didn’t.” Rogers says, turning away from an actual chalkboard and dusting off his hands. He’s got a smirk on his face and Tony has learned that smirk, know that he’s being invited to continue before the words are even uttered. The smirk softens to a smile and the world shrinks to the two of them. Rogers tips his chin. “Go ahead, Tony.”
The incredulous expression on Tony’s face is priceless and better than he expected. Steve presses a kiss to the dry bow of his open mouth, starts an ephemeral scatter across Tony’s jaw and up the length of his nose, the space between his brows. His lips steal that coveted kiss against Tony’s forehead and linger there.
“Gross,” Peter comments. After a moment, he’s wearing a sour frown. “Oh ew. Seriously? That’s where you guys were during my national honors ceremony? Cap?”
Over the comms, Tony’s broken and beaten voice had winked out, and Steve had howled in anguish, ruined as he wielded the Gauntlet, and haunted by history repeating itself.
Tony keeps his promise, though. He pays for the steak dinner they get delivered to the penthouse, sticks the sparklers he got at the gas station in King’s County when Steve wasn’t looking into the tart, eats more than half of it and is earnest in his pursuit of the mascarpone and gingersnap crumbs left over in the pan.
Questions crab over each other in Steve’s mouth. He wonders when Tony arrived, why he’s here, where he’s been, because it’s been
“Talk about excessive. Sure you got that last directive?”
“Well I don’t want that either,” Tony says without hesitation, reaching out. He traces the shell of Steve’s ear, paves to the corner of his mouth. “Like to keep you for myself, if it’s all the same to you. You thinking about keeping me?”
“Oh, I’m gonna.”
Sheepish and still pink across the cheekbones, Steve laughs. It’s louder and self-deprecating and familiar; it breaks the moment. “You don’t have to hold my hand, Tony.”
And that ‘nope’ is all Steve.
A light sleeper, Steve shifts, lifting his head, and Tony knows the alarm clock is being eyed so he hides his face in the warm space between Steve’s shoulders with a fake snore. Not buying it, Steve says in sleep-rough disbelieving horror, “What in the world? Tony, it’s after three am.”
“I actually do have a project I’m working on,” Tony insists.
“We stayed through your name being called?” Steve offers in apology with a sheepish wince. “It was a big induction class, Pete.”
“I missed you too. I love you,” Steve murmurs. “Can I hold you?”
“I should’ve called you the minute shit went sideways.”
“I didn’t mean—” Rogers starts, dry and then he swallows. Tony gets up to pour him a cup of water. Rogers takes it with a smile, anemic but better than the alternative. Tony sits and watches Rogers take a few long pulls from the cup. He hands it back to Tony after he’s done, gives his thanks, and Tony sets it on the bedside table.
because everything is base and he’s aware of little else aside from the heat on his cock and the electrifying chill against his hole.
It’s been a few weeks since the funeral when Tony finds him in the kitchen over the sink. His arms fit around Steve, mashing to him from behind, solid and radiating heat.
Cap snorts.
She’s patient in the hotel’s caustic lighting. Carefully, she offers to try something different. Like Steve needs to be persuaded into taking something up the ass. He can’t stand to tell her all the things he’s tried, how much sex paraphernalia lays in his drawer, useless, how he knows industrial nylon ties give too easily and that sharp, razor thin lines heal overnight.
“Ugh, you don’t even know if you’re going to like the first movie,” Tony says, adopting a put-upon tone. He falls into the couch, flings aside a pillow that digs into his kidney and rustles out the candy from under his ass. “You do this every time. You and your second chances. Alright, JARVIS, you heard the man. Queue up the first two
Sam goes on to craft a tale encompassing Rogers’ commitment to saving his brainwashed best friend who he thought was dead. He fills in the holes where Rogers and Romanoff were on the run and reveals that Fury isn’t actually dead. And it’s not to say that Tony isn’t shocked. Of course he
Here it comes! Here comes the first day!
“They took three bullets out of him. He was shot four times but one was a through and through.” Tony pauses, trying not to be sick at the thought. He concentrates on the bitter aftertaste of vending machine variety caffeine. “He woke up while they were working. They accounted for the serum with the anesthesia, but the internal bleeding, it’s—it’s harder to fix than they anticipated. Taking longer. Odds are still good but it’s going to be a while.”
“Fury’d been afraid of that. Hydra’s attempting to resurrect itself—again.”
“That thing, where you start a conversation without me? You're doing it again.”
Steve flips it around and back. “I don't know. There's no postage stamp as far as I can see. You’re more imaginative than that.”
His eyes sting when Steve wrenches away, noses at him with wounded noises that break Tony’s heart before leaving Tony’s hands empty and cold. His vision clears to the sight of Steve backing away.
“You shine up like a new dime, slick,” Tony says, draped in casual but his voice is marginally uneven to his own ears.
Charming a trio of cardiothoracic surgeons and a world premiere violinist on his way with nods and hums in all of the right places, Tony escapes to the balcony and the crisp, non-claustrophobic air. He rubs at his sternum as if he can will what’s underneath to calm the fuck down.
“I want to go home,” Steve says irritably, and it sounds like a tantrum to his own ears, like he needs to be coddled. And this is one of those moments where he second-guesses how the future has reshaped his mold because he feels downright spoiled at times. He wonders what his mother would think. He misses the summers spent with her, the two of them fanning themselves and counting up loose change to split a shaved ice. When its too-sweet syrup would eventually mix with the sweat on their fingertips, she’d let him pull her into the street with him and rinse it off under the spray of an opened fire hydrant, the two of them careless. That he misses enough to be heartsick over, but the thick, stifling air that nearly filtered the neighborhood in a bronze haze if he squeezed his eyes just right? Somewhat shamefully, not so much.
Steve’s not the average type of good. Tony used to believe it was his old-school attitude, missing America’s cynical turn or only having lost his internet virginity a mere two years ago, but that’s barely the tip of it, if truly factors in at all. Simply put, Steve Rogers would be extraordinary, spectacularly out of place, in anywhere and anytime.
With the grace of tornadoes, they shed their remaining garments, and Steve almost wishes that he could take back the whole not going slow agreement, wishes he had more than only a glimpse of Tony’s pretty cock, wishes he had a better study of Tony’s lean and compact musculature to commit to memory. However, he can’t be too remorseful when the distance between them shrinks so sensationally as Tony fits himself between Steve’s legs, rocks into the cradle of them and the unmistakable hard line of his erection touches Steve’s, hot, heavy, and considerable. It startles a moan out of Steve, to be wanted, and it’s the best thing that he’s ever felt in his life until Tony’s hand wraps around the length of him. It’s an earth-shattering revelation and relief to finally have someone else’s hand on him, fisting a new pattern on his cock.
