Someone has obviously been keeping up with clearing the driveway because even though Castiel parks near the street, there is a clear path up to the wrap-around porch. Gabriel wrenches the large bag of presents out of the back seat while Castiel balances a casserole dish filled with a peppermint and chocolate ice cream concoction. If asked, he’ll admit that Meg helped him make it. Kali carries a brown paper bag containing four six-packs of Winterfest Pale Ale from the microbrewery Dean had enjoyed before. Although the path is shoveled, Castiel goes first so that Kali can follow in his footsteps through the dusting that has continued to fall.
Dean jogs to catch up and winds his arm around Cas’ waist. “Talk to me, man. Who the hell was that?”
Jody motions him to a seat at the round table in the corner of the room and she takes the chair next to him. Mrs. Johnson sits across from them. “First, I want to assure you again, Mr. Winchester—”
“Missouri,” Ben calls as soon as Dean lets him out of the car, running toward where the woman is sitting on her front porch with a glass of tea. He still carries the now sticky milkshake cup and Benson clutched to his chest.
“With head trauma, swelling in the brain can have severe repercussions that aren’t immediately noticeable. The MRI and CT scan will help us determine what the lasting effects will be. In addition, I’d like to order an ultrasound of your lungs,” she continues, looking at Dean instead of John. “We need to determine the extent of any damage.”
Jody slaps her hand on the table. “Get your britches out of a bunch, John,” she says, fixing John with a piercing stare. “It’s just a fancy way of saying people with traumatic brain injury sometimes develop special skills.”
Sharp needles of pain lance from temple to temple and his chest burns after being sedentary for so long. Dark haze seeps in, and the street blurs. Dean clenches his eyes shut against the dizziness and pain. He forces him himself to take deep, even breaths, willing his stomach to settle and his vision to clear. His legs give out, and he slumps to the ground, his back resting against the wall and his knees pulled up to his chest. Dean wraps his arms around his legs and breathes. One… two… three… four… five. He holds the last one for a few seconds and blows it out.
Ash cajoles a sip of Ben’s milkshake and they’re arguing over the merits of chocolate versus strawberry when Dean’s phone buzzes. He pulls it out but keeps it below the edge of the table to look at it. Dean’s heart sinks.
Dean follows the signs down the hallway and steps through heavy wooden doors into an attractive waiting room. Soft beige carpeting and heavy wood chairs make it look more like a parlor than a professional office. A young blond woman sits at a desk in the corner. She smiles when Dean approaches her, an appreciative glint in her eyes.
Dean looks at Charlie again, and she sighs. “I get it. You’ve been lying because you’re an asshole who didn’t want me to find out how bad it is. Now tell the man what he needs to know.” Charlie crosses her arms with an angry huff.
“I miss him too,” he returns softly, “and you as well.” He brushes his fingertips across the inside of her forearm, eliciting a smile.  He’s been trying to push himself with Kali, drawing her into his little circle by forcing himself to touch her. She never comments, but her expression each time he does shows how much it means to her. If Castiel had a sister, he would want her to be just like Kali.
Castiel is itching to pull out actual assessment materials, but he knows that Ben has been referred for a full evaluation and he doesn’t want to do anything to jeopardize the results. Instead, he moves on to mathematics skills, and isn’t surprised that Ben is far above a kindergarten level in manipulating numbers as well.
It isn’t that Cas doesn’t like being touched, or at least Dean doesn’t think that’s the problem. Cas is affectionate in casual ways, even though he’s rarely casual about anything else. He reaches out to hold Dean’s hand when they’re in public, and he’s generous with hugs. Most mornings, Dean wakes up with Cas wrapped around him in a way that screams Cas is comfortable with their lack of personal space. It only gets weird when things become intimate.
He steps into the already running shower. The water is cool against his clammy skin, but he just needs a quick rinse so that he at least feels partially human. School has only been out for three days, but summer has hit hard. The last report he heard predicted temperatures in the low eighties by the end of next week. There are a lot of cool showers in his future
“I’m not replacing the Camaro, Meg. I just thought I should have a car that is more effective for traveling in inclement weather. Dean offered to help me fix the IROC, but I’m not sure that’s going to happen now.” He turns to look out the window into the dark. The uncertainty has left him feeling muddled.
While Ben plays quietly in the tub, Dean pulls his phone back out and scrolls to the text from the unknown number. He feels a little guilty going behind Cas’ back, but his concern for Cas is tearing him apart inside.
“Me, too, Dean.  Missed seeing you like this, watching you come apart for me. It’s not the same, touching myself, as it is having your hands on me,” Cas answers, hands sliding up Dean’s chest to rub the pads of his fingers against the hard nubs of Dean’s nipples through his shirt.
Dean falls back against the pillows, pulling one arm up to prop underneath him so he can watch Cas. The other man is caught up in his work, brows pulled together as he squints at the paper, pencil moving in soft, quick back and forth movements that suggest he’s adding shading. Cas has mentioned before that his undergraduate degree is in art, but he doesn’t talk much about that time of his life so Dean hasn’t pushed. It makes sense, he supposes, that Cas took him to an art gallery. It makes Dean even angrier at Cas’ asshole ex for ruining it. “Am I gonna get to see it?” he asks as a way to avoid dwelling on the man with the dark eyes and fancy suit.
By the time they reach the face painting booth, Ben’s Minion is done and he has talked Jess into the chair. She’s halfway to being transformed into a glittering purple and pink fairy princess. “Daddy, Cas,” Ben calls, rushing forward to grab Dean’s hand and pull him to the booth. “Everyone is getting their face painted. You have to pick a design.”
Dean just shrugs and drops to the ground to give her a good petting and the dog dances around in delight. “She’s fine. I like dogs. Been thinking about getting one, but I’m not sure how it would cope with being cooped up all day while I’m at work. Missouri, that’s our neighbor that watches Ben, said she’d run it, but she’s not gettin’ around too good lately and I don’t want it to be too much for her.”  Dean can tell that he’s rambling but he can’t seem to get his mouth to stop.
Juliet leads the way downstairs and paces restlessly around the kitchen while he makes four pieces of toast and a cup of tea. Instead of eating at the table, he carries the plate into the living room and curls up at the end of the couch. The first bite tastes like sawdust in his mouth, but he forces himself to take another.
The children still have twenty minutes until they return to the classroom, giving the parents a chance to socialize. Despite his attempts to avoid her, Dean finds himself standing next to Candace at the snack table. He snags one of the muffins that he and Ben contributed and attempts to escape, but she sidles up close to him as she takes a muffin as well.
“Yeah, no headaches or anything,” he says, despite the throbbing starting behind his left eye. When John raises one eyebrow, Dean remembers John saw him lose his balance in the hallway last night. “Okay, so I was a little dizzy last night, but only from laying around. I gotta burn off some energy.” He doesn’t mention the song stuck in his head. There’s no good way to explain it.
“Nah, my dad will come over while I’m gone,” Dean responds eagerly. “He likes hanging out at my place because he can watch my giant TV. We got him a flat screen for Christmas last year, but its half the size of mine.”
Thankfully, Sam seems to understand exactly what has Dean nervous. “We can do this, Dean. We’ve watched how you deal with things for years. I can’t promise that there won’t be any issues, but we can handle them just the same as you can.”
Cas’ grip tightens, the slick drag of his hand almost too much as he pushes them harder, faster toward climax. “I want you to come, Dean, want to feel you all over me. I want to be the one to make you feel good.”  He quickens the pace and Dean pulls his hand away from the death grip he has on Cas’ hip to wrap his fingers around Cas’, both of them jacking their cocks together, bodies rolling against each other.
The vivacious redhead has become such an essential part of Dean’s life, it’s hard to remember when it was just Dean, Sam, and John. Since they were joined at the hip during college, John supplemented Charlie’s training along with Dean’s, and it stuck after they graduated. Dean is sure John was hoping they would end up together. Charlie crushed that dream when she introduced John to her girlfriend, and he never looked at her the same. Hell, he probably blames her for infecting Dean with her gayness or something.
“I swear, dad. We’re just friends,” Dean maintains. “I don’t know what’s gonna happen in the future, but for now, we’re just friends.”
“Didn’t say I didn’t want to,” Dean corrects, hands skimming down to tug Cas’ shirt over his head. His own shirt follows, then the heat of bare, smooth skin glides over Cas’ chest when Dean leans back in for another dirty kiss. “Just said that I wasn’t sure about some of it.”
Cas looks down at the floor, gathering courage. “What if you know someone wants to pursue sexual activity, but they hesitate? How would you convince them?”
Castiel refused, assuring them that he’d had black eyes, broken lips, and bloody noses before. Meg opened the bar in the great room and poured herself a generous glass of vodka. She managed to take a wet kitchen rag and cleaned most of the blood from Castiel’s face before she burst into tears. Castiel held her then, sobbing against his chest, as he murmured soothing nothings into her hair.
Blood spills into the tube, and it’s full in less than ten seconds. Jenny takes the piece of cotton ball Megan holds out to her and presses it over his arm as she pulls the needle out. She applies a bright blue band-aid to the site and removes the tourniquet. “That’s it. All done,” she says in a bright voice. “You did great.”
“On Saturday,” Dean confirms with a nod. “I can’t think about anything but playing this song. And then I was walking, and there was a music store with a piano. I sat down, and the notes were just there. I have no idea how I did it, but I was good enough the clerk thought I was a classically trained pianist.”
They walk through the gold front doors and Castiel listens as Will gives his name for the reservation. They follow the hostess through the small, dimly lit room to a tiny table in the back corner. Will shrugs his coat off before replying. “It actually wasn’t too bad. He was the brother of the girl my best friend was dating, so we just ended up talking about music and video games all night.”
Cas lets them into the house and Dean feeds Juliet while Cas goes to the closet to pick out something more appropriate. After selecting and discarding a half dozen choices, he settles on a pair of well-worn jeans and a soft short-sleeved gray Henley. Dean is waiting patiently by the front door when he comes back downstairs, a knowing smile curving his lips. “You look fine, stop worrying, and they’re not angry with you.”
Dean’s chest aches when Ash just nods and accepts Sam’s keys. He bounds down the stairs and across the lawn without looking at Dean.
John buckles. There’s no other word for it. One moment, he’s standing proud and tall, the same strong man Dean has known his whole life. The next he’s crumpling onto the couch, his head in his hands. Dean drops to his knees beside him.
The nurse watches this with a raised brow. As soon as Ben sits on the bed, his legs dangling over the side, she backs out of the room. “The doctor will be in to see you shortly.”
“I’m just glad that my mother cooks for Christmas,” Candace adds, suddenly reminding Dean that he and Cas aren’t alone. “I just bring a bottle of wine and packaged rolls,” she says with a small laugh.
It isn’t though and when the heater starts to sputter as it runs out of fuel, Dean laughs and switches it off. It’s amazing how cold it gets so quickly without the constant heat. “So much for my bright idea.”
Dean heaves a shaky sigh. “You better be careful, sayin’ all the right things, you’re gonna make me fall for you.”
Cas wants to argue with her, to tell her that he loved Raphael. After all, they were together for two years and they lived together for one of them. He wouldn’t have stayed with Raphael if he didn’t love him. Cas swallows down the words because he knows that if he really loved Raphael he would have tried harder to make it work at the end.
Dean furrows his brow. “Sorry? For what? That was freaking awesome.” He pulls Cas’ hands away from his face and rests his fingers under the other man’s chin to tip his head up. “Look at me, Cas.”
Ben’s fingers are gently tapping one after another, but he moves slightly out from behind Dean. “She’s a pretty color. Like daddy’s hair.”
Despite Charlie’s protests, he walks with her to the pool. No matter how much he hates it, he ignores the urge to change and get in the water. Two more days until he sees the neurologist. He’ll be good and do what they say. He doesn't have a choice. His dad will have his ass if he screws up his recovery.
Ash laughs, and it sounds more like actual humor now. “Don’t get me wrong, I freakin’ love that kid, but can you really see me as a father?”  He downs the last of the beer and stands up. “Look, here’s the bottom line. Dean is my best friend and I want him to be happy. It’s what I shoulda wanted all along. You make him happy. I’ve been too selfish to see that the way I’ve been treating him has been hurting him and that’s something I’m gonna have to live with forever. Do I wish things were different? Yeah, it fucking hurts like hell, but I’ve really got no one to blame but myself. All I can hope for now is that I don’t lose my best friend, too.”
“We’ll go see Jody tomorrow,” John says. Dr. Jody Mills is both a friend of the family and their doctor. Family get-togethers are sometimes awkward, usually because Dean can’t figure out whether Jody and John are more than friends. “Get you straightened out,” John continues. “Pretty clear you got more shit to work out. At this rate, Santa Clara Pro Swim is gonna be a bust too. If you don’t pull your shit together, you’re gonna lose your spot on the National Team, and you can kiss Tokyo goodbye.”
The woman leans down to pick up a large duffle bag at her feet, but Cas beats her to it. Despite her obvious protest, he hikes it over his shoulder and carries it to the front of the room. “I know you’re a big strong man, but I carry that bag all day, Castiel,” Dean hears her say, her voice like honey with a cultured British accent. Not what Dean was expecting at all.
Castiel is pretty sure he knows where this is going, so he cuts Will off before he can continue. “I don’t do one-night stands or hook-ups or whatever,” he says gently. He waits with bated breath for rejection.
Instead of showering, he lays down on the bed and curls up with the pillow over his head. He’s quiet, listening to his breathing until Dean comes in and tells him to get dressed. He gets up and puts on his black suit, gray shirt, dark blue tie. Dean is dressed almost identically, but his tie is gray, with a white shirt.
“That was one time,” Cas protests with a huff of laughter. He slumps forward and arches his back a little so that Dean’s thumbs dig into the tight knots around his shoulder blades.
The music flows from one rock song to the next, occasionally interspersed with a ballad. The music echoes in his head and his hands twitch along with the melody, but Dean can’t pull his attention away from Castiel. From where he’s standing, Castiel can’t see him, and Dean is glad.
Castiel enjoys the way Dean’s eyes crinkle at the corners at the compliment before a slight flush gives away his discomfort. “Geez, man, that’s, ah, yeah,” he lets off with an awkward laugh, “My hair was a lot lighter when I was little.”
Cas dumps a cup of food into Juliet’s dish before heading to the closet to strip out of his work clothes. He pulls on sweat pants and a t-shirt, telling himself that he can lounge around all weekend if he wants. After that first disastrous start, he’s managed to work himself back up to just over three miles every morning before work. He feels better physically than he has in weeks, though he’s still mentally and emotionally drained.
Ash sighs and the sound harsh through the phone. “You know why. I fucked up and I’m tired of doing this. This is my chance to fix it.”
Zar looks at the glass in Cas’ hand, then shrugs again. “Hmmm, only if they’re sexy gifts, I suppose.” He grunts when Meg elbows him in the stomach.
She nods. “Okay. Then you need to be friends with him. Stop the flirting and jerking him around and be friends with him. You owe him that. Whatever happens, your relationship with him needs to be based on more than just physical attraction. Castiel isn’t that kind of person.”
Castiel slides his hands up under Dean’s coat, gripping the fabric at the back of his vest so he can tug him closer. Dean takes the hint and twists so that he’s laying between Castiel’s splayed legs, and Castiel moans with pleasure when Dean’s body finally, finally, grinds against him. He can feel that Dean is just as hard as he is.
“Yeah, ah, I’ve got a meeting with the principal about my son?” Dean responds. He tries not to phrase it as a question, but he can’t keep the searching tone out of his voice.
He pulls back, sliding his legs around Cas so that he can sit up, then rubs his eyes furiously. “Is that what you think of me? That I would screw around with Ash behind your back?”
A fresh wave of pain and longing surges through him and he misses Cas so much he can barely take a breath. “I’m sorry, man, I just, shit,” he stammers, rubbing one hand down his face.
they interrupted. Ben doesn’t mention Cas again, but he seems subdued while Dean tucks him into bed. By the time Dean finishes the second song, Ben is already asleep.
Dean runs his hand over his face, brushing the water away. He waits for the panic, the tightness in his chest, but it doesn’t come. Even the music is a muted echo in the back of his head. “I can’t imagine not having something I need to work for.”
Dean shakes his head. “Not sure. I coulda swore he was bi, at least. He’s got that look sometimes, you know? A straight guy don’t look at another guy like that. To muck it up even more, he might have something goin’ with the other teacher in his room. She’s prickly and doesn’t seem to be his type, but hell, guess I don’t really know what his type is.”
He still sneaks into his father’s office every few weeks to run his fingertips over her silver medal in the 100m butterfly from the ‘92 Olympics. Mary never got to win the matching gold, and it’s the one thing Dean can give her. His entire existence has revolved around winning a gold medal since the first time he slid under the water. The chlorine burned his nose and clouded his vision, and he knew he would always have a way to remember her.
Charlie watches him meaningfully for a moment before saying cheerfully, “Come on, Ebert, let’s get the movie going.”
“I get that now.” They sit in silence for a few moments, before Dean continues. “So, yeah, anyway. I was interested in you, as more than a friend.”
A short bark of laughter escapes from Sam and Dean shoots him a dirty look before kicking him under the table. “But Aunt Jess is a girl.”
Dean waits until the other man straightens and catches Cas’ eye. “No. It isn’t. I just, I guess I’ve gotten used to touching you. I’m an asshole."
Dean looks up from pulling a beer out of the fridge to see Jo standing in the doorway of the kitchen, one hip cocked against the doorframe. “Why the hell would I eat anything with the word salad in the name?” he asks honestly, confused by her animosity.
Castiel doesn’t want to impose on Dean and Ben’s private grief, but he wants to support them. He takes a deep breath and asks, “Do you want me to come with you, Dean?”
He doesn’t. Instead, he wraps his arms around Dean and hugs. “I know it’s stupid; we barely know each other,” he mutters into Dean’s shoulder. “It’s just really important to me that you’re okay.”
Ben keeps one arm around Dean’s neck for a few moments, then turns and says something that makes Dean shake his head. Ben repeats it more forcefully and Dean finally acquiesces, standing and walking back to where Castiel is standing.
Castiel doesn’t answer for a moment. He had been hoping that Dean had ended all communication with Ash, but he was starting to believe that would never happen. Could he be okay with Ash being such a big part of Dean’s life? He sure hoped so, because it didn’t look like it was going to change anytime soon. “I don’t need to look at your phone, Dean. I trust you. I believe that you wouldn’t do anything to hurt me, whether that has anything to do with Ash or not.”
When Cas moves, breaking the kiss, Dean is afraid he has done something wrong, but Cas just trails his lips across Dean’s jaw and down to his neck. His tongue flicks out every few inches, tasting, teasing, leaving a trail of fire behind. With another prolonged groan, he twists again and Dean finds himself pinned to the couch as Cas straddles his lap. His body undulates slowly against Dean, sending little shockwaves to Dean’s dick with each movement, as he licks and sucks his way across the front of Dean’s neck to the other side.
Dean reaches over and clicks the switch on the lamp next to the couch, soft light flooding the room and making Castiel squint. “So what’d you think? Pretty awesome, huh? Your ’87 isn’t quite as cool as the ’77, but the paint will still be pretty sweet,” he rambles.
Charlie gives him a dirty look but drops his foot. “You must have been a riot when you were sick as a kid,” she says, dropping onto the bed next to him.
Dean’s hands falter on the keys, and he catches his stuttered breath before continuing. He looks at Ash out of the corner of his eye. “I didn’t come to see him.”
Ash is sitting at the far end of the bar, chatting with one of the regulars. Regardless of what Jo said, Ash looks just as good as he always does. His hair has grown out a little since Christmas; not quite back to mullet status, but definitely shaggier. Where it had been spiked on top, it now falls over his forehead and Dean watches him brush it to the side in an absent gesture that is so familiar it makes his chest ache.
Cas’ face is red and blotchy—his eyes swollen and bloodshot—when he pulls away. Dean leans to pull a tissue from the box on the side table and blots Cas’ face with it, until Cas takes it and blows his nose. Dean uncaps the bottle of water Cas had dropped onto the seat next to him and lifts it to Cas’ lips. When Cas offers him a watery smile, Dean returns it. “I love you,” he says, leaning in to murmur it against Cas’ lips.
“Nah, we came out to have a good time and we’ve got a baby to celebrate,” Dean retorts, pasting on a smile that doesn’t quite reach his eyes. He slides out of the booth and takes Castiel’s hand. “Let’s go see if I can still kick my brother’s ass at pool.”
“My eyes are fine. They’re not dizzy at all. We can go home and you can tell the nurse we saw the doctor, and I was okay,” Ben pleads.
“And that’s my cue,” Ellen announces. “Looks like Jo and Charlie need help bringing out the food.” She levers herself out of the lawn chair and squeezes Dean’s shoulder as she passes. “You boys take it easy on each other.”
He leans forward to watch as he pumps his cock in and out of Dean’s mouth. The sight is more than he can bear. His hips stutter and it’s there, pleasure white-hot crests like waves moving over him as he comes down Dean’s throat. Only the thought of the people less than twenty feet away keeps him from screaming with the release.
Instead of arguing like Dean expects, like Charlie and Sam and Deanna have done every time he starts down this path, Castiel grins. “You’re here keeping me company because of it. Not so useless.”
Dean expects Kali to laugh off Gabe’s words but she doesn’t response. Instead, she turns her head slowly to meet Dean’s eyes speculatively. Holy shit. Dean and Cas just moved in together two weeks ago, he’s certainly not ready for a conversation about renting out Kali’s womb to make another Winchester-Novak. He clears his throat, but Jess takes pity on him and changes the subject before he has a chance.
Dean’s expression is smug as he rises to his feet, hands gentle on Cas’ hips. He leans in for a kiss and Cas groans eagerly into it, chasing the taste of himself on Dean’s tongue. “You’re horrible,” Cas huffs with a small laugh when they finally break apart. Dean is right, though, the endorphins coursing through him leave him loose and calm.
“It’s not my fault you can’t read a text, darling,” Balthazar hisses just as Cas steps up to the booth. His back is to Cas, but the look on Meg’s face tells Cas that this is a conversation he isn’t meant to hear.
Dean does turn to Cas then. If he’s going to bare his soul to a five-year-old, he needs to make sure Cas is on board. The other man’s blue eyes are wide when Dean turns to him, but he gives an almost imperceptible nod. Dean nods in return and turns back to Ben. “Well, we might kiss sometimes too. Is that okay?”
Candace and Jolene are standing near the play structure watching Ben and the other children. It had taken two days and three loads in John’s truck, but they had successfully transferred Ben’s swingset to Cas’ back yard. Other than his toys and books, it was the most important part of the move for Ben. Today, the play structure is a riot of children, including Ben’s friends from school, Andrea and Benny’s girls, and several neighborhood children.
Dean has only gone a few blocks from the house, but he might as well be in another country. Which way is the pool? Arizona Street or Trail Road? Dean turns in a slow half circle, studying each street. Dread sinks like acid through water to the pit of his stomach. Why can’t he remember? It isn't amnesia. He can remember his name, meeting Charlie, and a thousand other details. Even random swatches of the afternoon of the accident are coming back to him. So why the fuck doesn’t he know which way to go?
His phone buzzes again and Castiel reaches to pull it out. Dean is listening intently to something Ben is saying about the Apollo command module in front of them, so he takes a moment to respond.
Introducing Cas and Dr. Moseley turned out to be one of Dean’s poorer ideas; now they’re both nagging him about the graduate program. Dean hasn’t told them yet, but he’s already filled out the application for the Spring semester. He thinks he’d like to study something about the role of music in American culture.
“Good, ‘cause accordin’ to my watch, you got fifteen minutes. Let’s not look like a buncha hillbillies, okay?”
Deanna lifts her head from his shoulder and pins him with the same intense gaze he just saw on the screen. “No buts. I’m not saying you aren’t a talented swimmer, but when she died, I allowed your father to transfer her dream to you. It wasn’t fair and I’m sorry it took me until now to realize that.”
He forces his breathing into the steady, repetitive pattern he uses for running and tries to focus on the way the pavement feels under his feet. It’s been just over two days since Dean walked out the front door of his house and that is entirely the thing that he’s trying not to think about.
Ash’s words should sound like bragging, but they don’t. There’s an edge of self-loathing under them that gives Cas pause. “I’m not sure what you want me to say,” Cas admits softly.
Cas glares at her through narrowed eyes. “For months you hated him. After Christmas, you threatened him with bodily harm more than once.”
“Are you sure this isn’t too sappy?” Dean asks for the third time since they dropped Ben off with Sam, who’d offered to watch Ben while Jess is at a bridal shower. It’s the first time in weeks that they’ve had any time to themselves and Dean doesn’t want to waste it.
“Heya, Cas!” Dean calls, and then turns to say something to Ben. The child turns with a smile that quickly turns to trepidation when he spots Juliet.
“Dean,” he interrupts. “Just call me Dean. I got a feeling this isn’t goin’ anywhere where calling me Mr. Winchester is gonna make me feel better.”
“Yeah, I’ll just be a sec. I’ll catch you by the end of the block.” The two men watch Sam and Jess walk towards the next house with Ben before Dean turns back to Castiel. “I mean it. You should come hang out with us. Haven’t done a good ol’ movie day in a while. Unless, I mean, unless you got plans or something,” Dean adds as if it is just occurring to him that perhaps Castiel wouldn’t want to spend time with him.
“No, Cas. Not happening,” Dean insists. “If you’re going to stay here, then I’m going to stay with you. You can ignore me, you can pretend like I’m not here, but I’m staying, for the next two days. Ben is with Sam and Jess for the weekend, so you’re not getting rid of me.”
Dean should have known better than to expect any sympathy from Bobby. He’s cleaned up enough of John messes to have no patience for the crap. “I’m cleanin’ it up.”
Ash is watching him when he slides the phone in his pocket and looks back up. His bottom lip is caught between his teeth and he looks at Dean as if he knows exactly what Dean was doing. Dammit, no more putting this off. He pushes his plate away and leans back. “Come on, let’s settle up.” Ash doesn’t argue.
Dean pulls him in for a soft kiss. “They don’t hate you, babe. Stop worrying and go get dressed. You’ll see.”
Garth takes the opening and leads the kids in thanking Dean for coming to talk to them. Rather than leaving, Dean settles on the bench near the locker room entrance and watches Garth review the basic strokes. Most are sloppy, their young bodies lacking the muscle memory Dean has developed, but the two who had shown interest in competitive swimming are noticeably better. The girl has both speed and stamina, and her breaststroke is nearly picture perfect for her age and body type.
“I don’t know. Maybe. If what everyone keeps saying is true, it’s worth a shot. Assuming I can make it up to him for today,” Dean answers honestly. “I mean, it’s scary as fuck, you know? I think I could really fall for the guy if I let myself. I’m just not so keen on gettin’ my heart ripped out again.”
Cas looks up, eyes taking in the back of the house and the gardens that lie beyond the walkway before he clenches his eyes shut and takes a deep breath. Dean swallows hard, the pressure in his chest ramping up again. He’s never seen Cas like this. Cas is always so perfectly controlled and in charge of every situation. Whether he’s dealing with Ben or with Dean’s shit, he always knows exactly what to say to diffuse the situation. It figures that when it comes time for Dean to do that for him, he doesn’t even know where to begin.
His words cut off abruptly and Cas knows what he was about to say. “The months after Ash left,” Cas finishes softly for him. Cas wonders if it will ever get easier for them to talk about Ash.
Ash continues. “I want you to be happy. I really do. I don’t know what’s gonna happen, but I’m gonna promise you this. If I come back for good, I’m gonna fight for you. Not ‘cause I wanna make trouble for you, but ‘cause if I come back it’s gonna be ‘cause I think I can be what you and Ben need.”
Dean considers this. “I miss what we had too. I want a real relationship. I’m so tired of hookups and meaningless sex, but I don’t know how to make that happen. At least with you, it’s not meaningless, you know? You get me, it’s good, and for one goddamn minute, I can pretend that nothing has changed.” His voice is raw and broken with the confession.
There’s silence. A long, painful silence during which the only sound is Ash’s breathing. Finally, just as Dean is about to hang up, Ash gives a wet cough that sounds almost like he’s crying. “I love you, Dean,” he says softly.
Jolene nods in agreement. “Having a dad here is great, too. I’ve tried, but my husband just has no interest in coming. It’s wonderful that you’re taking the time to do these events with your son. Your wife must be so grateful to not have to handle everything. More men should be like you.”
Dean huffs, then glances back at Sam with a smirk. “Maybe not, but, man, that thing he does with his tongue—”
Donnie huffs out a breath and straightens. “I was just messing around, man. Jesus, surprised your librarian can get his dick up there with the stick you have shoved up your ass.”
When Castiel’s arms finally give out, he tries to roll to the side so he doesn’t crush Dean, but Dean won’t let him. He wraps arms and legs around Castiel, holding him tight. The weight of Castiel’s body pressing him into the mattress comforts him.
At first, Dean was sure that Ash was going to punch him, so he was more than a little shocked when Ash kissed him instead. Ash was like a whirlwind and within five minutes, Dean was half naked against the leather with his cock buried in Ash’s ass for the first time. He’s still not entirely sure how that happened. Looking back, it’s no wonder sex and Ash and intense emotion have been wrapped up together for so long.
“I met him at the Roadhouse,” Dean admits, leaning forward to grab Cas’ hand. “I needed to talk to him.”
It’s not as if Castiel doesn’t masturbate. After all, he’s been alone for over two years and since casual hookups don’t appeal to him, two years without sex is enough to drive a man to just about any lengths. He hasn’t found pornography to be enticing, but the internet has served his needs in other ways. Through a variety of discreet online sellers, he’s managed to accumulate a small collection of toys that keep him physically, if not emotionally, satisfied.
“You have every right to be apprehensive. This is hard for every parent, no matter the outcome.” She reaches out and flips over the first few sheets of the pile in front of him until she gets to a page with a series of numbers. She points one slim finger at the number in the center of the bottom of the page.
Dean’s eyes darken further, but in anger instead of arousal. “Did you hurt you?” he grinds out, bringing both hands up to cup Cas’ face.
At some point throughout the day, he’s spoken to every member of Dean’s extended family and has found that he likes them all. Sweet, genuine Garth; loud, boisterous Benny; coolly elegant Andrea; sarcastic and quick-witted Jess. Even John, when he isn’t attempting to intimidate, has a dry sense of humor and far more intelligent opinions on things than he normally lets on. All in all, it’s been one of the most pleasant days Cas can remember passing.
Once they’re back in the living room, Castiel takes a seat in the same spot on the couch as last time. Dean puts the movie on, then settles on the other end in a perfect imitation of that night. Despite how hard he forces himself to pay attention to the movie, Castiel is hyper aware of Dean sprawled on the couch just a few feet away. The last time they’d done this, there had been so many misconceptions between them. Tonight, though, Castiel knows that Dean is single, and given Dean’s behavior today, he’s interested in pursuing something beyond friendship.
Even with the frantic churning of the water below them, it’s impossible for them to stay afloat for long. Their legs slow and they sink. Even with Castiel filling his every sense, the wet slide of Castiel’s body against his, panic claws at Dean. He shoves away, fighting to break free, but Castiel won’t let him go.
Dean yanks his phone from his pocket and pulls up his music app to search for the song. As soon as he hits play, the same melody repeating in his head comes through the phone’s speaker. His hands shake when he turns it off.
Wow, awkward. Dean always figured Ben would at least be in his teens before he had to worry about explaining
Cas shakes his head. “No, my mother is visiting a cousin in Georgia this year, so my brother and his wife are spending the holidays here with me. We will probably order food in or go to a restaurant.”
Jacob glances at Castiel’s tea mug. “You’re not drinking? How am I supposed to hit on you by buying you a cup of tea?” he asks with a laugh. While the words could seem derisive, the low chuckle and boyish grin show that he’s joking.
“Start passing out the food while I get ketchup and napkins,” Cas says, then snaps his fingers in front of Dean’s face and repeats it. “Dean? Are you okay?”
“I know, buddy, but I got him for you. Mr. Novak and Miss Masters kept him safe for you,” Dean responds, squeezing the little body tighter.
He pushes the mood away. He has Ben and that’s all that really matters. Since Ben likes the car so much, Dean resolves to start taking a short drive with him every weekend, just to have the road under them. Before things got sketchy with his dad, before changing schools constantly and taking off in the middle of the night, riding in the Impala with John and Sammy was one of Dean’s favorite things. He can give that to Ben without any of the strain that came later.
Dean takes a hesitant step forward, but John is looking through him as if he doesn’t see Dean. “Dad.”
Violet, the willowy black haired bartender who always dresses like a gypsy, waves to him from the other end of the room. He waves back, taking a seat on one of the barstools at the corner of the U-shaped bar. Before long, Violet slides a mug of tea onto the counter in front of him. It was a curiosity to the bartenders when Castiel started coming to the club that he doesn’t drink. Once he explained that he enjoys the music and the crowds, but is a recovering alcoholic, the staff went out of their way to ensure that there are always herbal teabags stocked behind the bar.
Castiel can’t shake the feeling that something changed during the last movie and that it started at lunch. After all, Castiel is trained to pay attention to behavior and Dean’s behavior has been very odd. The day started out as enjoyable as his time with Dean usually is. He’s glad to be of help with Ben and Dean seems to appreciate it. Things are no longer as awkward between them as they were in the aftermath of Christmas and their friendship has settled into a placid arrangement.
There’s a brunette behind the bar tonight that Castiel has never seen before. They’re halfway across the room, heading to the booth along the front windows where Sam and Jess are waiting when Ellen pushes through the swinging door leading to the kitchen. Dean lets Castiel into the booth first, then pulls up a chair from a neighboring table for Ben before sliding in after him.
John, on the other hand, never mentions Mary unless he’s throwing something in Dean’s face. In the months after Mary’s death at the hands of a drunk driver, John dumped the boys on Deanna and Samuel and faded to a shell of himself. Though he kept his job at a local garage, he was barely functioning, drinking his way through every evening and avoiding the boys.
With a nod, Castiel does a flip in the water, reversing his direction around Dean. “Meg won’t swim even though she’s good at it but Raphael was on the team in high school. Ash couldn’t swim to save his own life.”
“Nah, we just do repair and maintenance work. I’d love to start gettin’ into restoration. I did all the work on my Impala myself.”
If asked, Dean would say that he’s a pretty patient person. One thing the relative chaos of his childhood taught him is to wait for good things to happen. That lesson doesn’t mean that, occasionally, he wouldn’t like those good things to happen sooner rather than later.
“It’s cool, I guess,” Dean allows. He hadn’t stopped to think about how weird his new talent is. It might be a neat trick, but he would trade it away in a heartbeat if he could just get back in the pool.
“Where the fuck have you been, Winchester?” Lisa demands. “If I wasn’t sure it would have made channel 49 news, I would’ve thought your asshole old man finally drowned you with his bullshit.”
“Jesus, Joanna. I told you I was sorry. You wanna bring your boy toy of the week over and have a go in my living room? I’ll leave the light on for you,” Dean growls, flipping her off. Jo sticks her tongue out and turns away.
Jody tuts and pulls up the report from the neurologist on the screen. “That happening often? Losing time, I mean?”
Dean perks up. He hadn’t considered that he could just ask Charlie about Meg and Cas. “So, like, how far back? I mean, have they ever, you know, hooked up?”
Glancing up at the house again, Castiel sees the curtains in the front window twitch back into place. His chance to escape has passed, since Dean has more than likely noticed him sitting in the car like a stalker. Taking a deep, calming breath, Castiel grabs the brown paper shopping bag from the seat next to him and climbs out. He walks around the back of the car, self-consciously tugging on the sleeves of the slate gray Henley he traded for his usual button-down. The cuffs easily hide the lines of the tattoos on his wrists.
Instead, he closes the browser window and pulls out his phone. A few clicks and his playlist fills the small room. Dean listens to the beginning of the first song, but something doesn’t sound right, so he clicks to the next. Soon, he’s scrolling through the list looking for the melody that has been haunting him. Not Led Zeppelin or Bon Jovi. He’s going through his Black Sabbath albums when Charlie pushes the door open.
He tells himself that Dean just needs time to get used to the idea, to grow into his own feelings, but he can’t help being frightened that Dean never will.  He knows Dean cares for him and enjoys spending time with him, but that’s not the only thing he wants. It feels selfish to expect anything more just because his own heart took that leap. Is he destined to be in love with a man who can’t love him back?
“I’m sure he does,” Dean says with a chuckle. Jody walks them to the front doors and Dean thanks her before taking Ben to the car. He could sure use a beer at the Roadhouse, but after today, he wants nothing more than to curl up on the couch with Ben and watch Star Trek.
Dean grins, a flirty look in his eye that Castiel hasn’t seen since before Christmas. “You sayin’ I smell good, Cas?” he asks softly, his voice going husky at the end.
“When I went to college and met Michael, I thought I was free, finally. That I’d found my place. I had friends, a life, a place I belonged, but after I threw it away, I realized that it wasn’t my place. It had been Michael’s all along. Michael’s life, Michael’s friends. I was left alone again, just me and my art, and the little boy in the paintings.”
While the band does their sound check, Dean and Charlie stand in front of the stage with Raphael’s girlfriend. Natalie tells them she’s a dental hygienist, and she and Raphael met when she did an in-service in his classroom at the local elementary school.
“Really highlights how dysfunctional our family was, huh?” Gabriel says, watching their hosts joke and laugh.
Cas squeezes his hand and taps the side of his head with two fingers. “You in there? Everything okay?”
Although Cas has been shirtless in front of Dean before, Dean has never touched his bare chest or back, and Cas has never undressed completely. Cas’ breath catches in his throat at the thought of how much he wants that. “I can take my clothes off, Dean. I trust you.”
She frowns. “Don’t spend all night beating yourself up. I’m just hanging out at home tonight, so I could use the company.”
“Perfect timing, dad,” Dean says, stepping back to allow the older man to enter. “Sorry to drag you out tonight, but I didn’t want to pull Ben out of bed to take Cas home. He’ll probably sleep straight through, but it’s not worth the risk of him waking up when I’m not here.”
“It’s over and it worked out, so I suggest letting it go. He actually calmed down much faster than he has before and he suggested apologizing before I mentioned it,” Cas shares. “He’s made quite a bit of progress since the beginning of the school year.”
Dean throws a grin over his shoulder. “Relax. I know what I’m doin’.” He picks a door seemingly at random and turns the knob, giving Cas a sly smile when it opens. Cas only has a moment to look around to see if anyone is watching before Dean pulls him through the door and closes it firmly behind them.
“The occupational therapist is here tonight, right?” he says, dragging the conversation back on track.
There’s a moment of tension, that buzzing under his skin that tells him to escape when someone touches him. Instead of heading it, Castiel leans into the contact, swaying slightly with the music. Will slips closer, moving so that he’s behind Castiel while the hand that had been on his back slides around to settle on his hip. Will tugs gently and Castiel goes with the pressure, allowing his body to melt back against the other man.
Cas winces then huffs a harsh laugh. “Fucking terrified me,” he admits with a smile that isn’t really a smile at all. “I was so scared of going back to being that weak, controlled version of myself that I never stopped to consider that Michael would never want to control me. He was the one who taught me how to get away from all that. I couldn’t see it, though. All I saw was him offering me the life my parents wanted for me, so I ran. I broke up with him and wouldn’t return his calls. I threw myself into the club scene even harder. Drinking, whatever drugs I could get my hands on, a different guy every night. I was going to prove that I didn’t need someone to take care of me.” His voice cracks, and in the soft lamp light Dean can see the glistening tear tracks down his cheeks.
A buzzing, restless energy courses through him. It’s like his body wants to burst with it. He’s torn between grabbing his phone to call Dean immediately and an overwhelming need to see him, to touch and savor and never let go. He practically trips over his own feet in his haste to get back to the studio for his phone. Seeing the mess on the table, he knows that he’ll hate himself if he doesn’t clean his brushes and put things in their proper places, even though he’s half tempted to just leave and worry about it tomorrow. Partially in punishment for his lack of faith, he forces himself to take his time, cleaning his workspace as carefully and methodically as always.
Caught up in studying Dean’s family, Castiel doesn’t notice the presence beside him. He tenses at the weight of a hand on his shoulder and turns to see Ash slouched insolently beside him. “Castiel Novak,” he drawls, squeezing Castiel’s shoulder slightly. “You’re not exactly what I pictured.”
When he opens his eyes, Meg is pale, watching him with a wary expression. Without speaking, he steps forward. Meg’s legs splay open slightly, allowing him to stand between her knees and he wraps his arms around her. He holds her against his chest and the stiff tension bleeds out of her. “I know, Meg.”
John nods. “I just, I know I wasn’t the easiest on you when I found out about you and Ash. It took me a while to come around and I don’t want you to think you have to hide it from me.”
Dean looks over at her, but she’s watching Raphael with the same intensity he’d just been staring at Castiel.
Ben frowns dramatically and clicks his tongue a few times. It’s one of Ben’s new stims, but he only does it when he’s keyed up. “I might be dying.”
Dean takes a few shallow breaths to try calming his stomach and opens his eyes a tiny fraction, letting light filter through his eyelashes. Several moments of blinding pain pass, and he makes out the sterile white-and-silver insides of a hospital room. He turns his head, battling a wave of nausea, and sees Charlie slumped in the chair next to the bed. Her hair is slicked up into a messy bun on the top of her head, and her eyes are closed.
Castiel allows his eyes to slip shut as Will’s body begins to move more forcefully to the beat. He goes with it, letting the shock waves of percussion move through him.  It isn’t perfect, this connection between them. It isn’t everything that Castiel wants or dreams of, but for tonight, it’s enough.
Dean is frozen with warring emotions; part desire to help Cas and part need to put this motherfucker in his place. Finally, it’s the panicked look in Cas’ eyes that makes the decision for him. He allows Cas to pull him along, ignoring the chuckle from behind him.
Though it has been less than twelve hours since Cas got the call about his mother, the intervening time has taught Dean several things. First, his family is awesome.  Ellen and Bobby were at Cas’ house before Ben even woke up, ready to pack him off to their place for as long as he needed. Ben took the cancellation of their trip to the museum better than Dean expected until he remembered that Ben is very familiar with Cas’ loss.
Taking a deep, shuddering breath, he pulls out his phone. If he calls Charlie, she’ll come find him. Charlie never lets him down.
Castiel and Gabriel wander back toward the living room, but Kali elects to stay in the kitchen with Ellen, having struck up a conversation about the herbs she added to the mashed potatoes. It isn’t long before Gabriel insinuates himself with Bobby and John, arguing loudly with Sam and Jess about whether or not Die Hard is a Christmas movie.
Dean is confused when Bobby hands it to him, especially when he opens it to find a check from Singer Salvage and Repair for three thousand dollars. “What is this?”
Dean deliberately curls his fingers into a fist. “It’s probably just excess energy from not being able to train. Grandma used to always tell me they thought I had ADHD when I was little.”
Dean watches him, eyes partially closed, reveling in the careful way Castiel touches him. He’s been with considerate lovers before, but never anyone like this.
Despite the empty, broken feeling inside him, nothing ever seems to bubble to the surface. He slides both hands up to press fingertips to the corner of his dry eyes. Every time he does it, he hopes to feel tears there. Maybe if he could cry, his tears would wash away this hollow filling. Maybe if the dam would break, he would be able to feel again, to feel something more than a gaping blankness where his mother used to be.
“Surprisingly good,” Dean responds. “Got the motor rebuilt last week. Running gear’s out and the body work is done. Should be ready to paint this week then start puttin’ her back together.”
“That’s horrible. I mean, touch is awesome and amazing, but you should be able to do it on your terms.” Charlie’s eyes are wide with emotion.
Castiel looks down at him in wonder. He feels inordinately lucky that this child has come into his life. “You did?”
“You scared the piss outta us, boy. What the hell was that all about?” John’s voice is still reedy with panic, but it’s taking its usual gruff tone.
Cas’ turns to gape at Balthazar where he leans against the doorframe. His matching robe is open, revealing his bare chest and black silk boxers. Cas can’t see his own expression, but he imagines it must be somewhat comical because Zar laughs before crossing the kitchen. He drops a kiss on the top of Meg’s head, then blocks her elbow to his midsection. “What? When? For crying out loud,” Cas exclaims. He snaps his mouth closed, then opens it to mutter, “I knew it.”
“Can I get you anything?” he asks, turning back to ensure that Dean is following him. Dean is close enough that there is an awkward moment when they almost collide in the hallway.
As Cas reaches across the bench to pick up the light his sleeve catches on the vice, pulling it halfway up his forearm. He quickly grabs the edge and tugs it down, but not before Dean catches a glimpse of the rubber band he has around his wrist and the lotus flower tattooed there.
He leaves the take-out strewn across the porch as he backs toward the stairs. When his foot hits the top step, he turns and runs to the car, barely able to catch his breath as he slams the door behind him. His hands shake as he shoves the key into the ignition. He starts the car and backs out of the driveway. Drive, get away, don’t look back. The words pound in his head, echoing the pounding of his heart.
“It’s about the fucking job waiting for you in Kansas City. The job you waited until now to even tell me about,” Dean bites out. His chest feels like it is filling with the snow that is slowly starting to cover the glass again. “Is this some kind of fucked up test to see how I would react?”
After she leaves with their drink orders, it only takes Castiel a few moments to decide on the crab cappelletti. He waits patiently while Dean looks over the menu. He turns the pages slowly, his brows scrunched together as he attempts to sound out the Italian words under his breath. Castiel hides a grin behind his hand because it is nearly the cutest thing he’s ever seen and he doesn’t think Dean will appreciate the sentiment.
Dean shakes his head, scrubbing angrily at his eyes. “What if this is my life now?” he whispers, his voice scratchy. “What if I never swim again? What if this is all I am? Just a broken, pathetic mess?”
Charlie grips his arm, her hand cool on his flushed skin, and pulls him around to look at her. “Ignore him, Dean,” she says, her thumb rubbing comforting circles of pressure onto the soft skin inside his wrist. “John can think whatever he wants, but you deserve to go out once in a while. Swimming isn’t your life; it’s just a part of it. You get to be happy too.”
Talk around the table eventually turns to more planning for the picnic tomorrow. “Benny and Andrea are bringing the kids. I can’t wait to get my hands on that baby,” Ellen says with a wink at Jess. “She said she has some clothes for you that the little one has already grown out of.”
Despite the chaos, Castiel finds that he enjoys himself immensely. At first, he is slightly uncomfortable about sitting directly across from Ash, but he soon welcomes the opportunity to observe him. Ash is loud and irreverent, often responding with sarcasm and inappropriate innuendos that earn him a raised eyebrow from his mother. Despite this, his comments often impress Castiel with their cleverness. He references pop culture books and movies in one breath and then follows up with philosophy and in-depth scientific theory. Castiel has a hard time deciding what to think of him. In many ways, he and Dean interact much the same way as Sam and Dean. If he wasn’t aware that they had dated, Castiel is sure he would have never realized it from their interactions. They seem only like very good friends, brothers even.
Castiel squints at her and shakes his head fondly. “There are so many things wrong with that sentence, I don’t even know where to begin.”
There’s no question. He doesn’t want Castiel to take him from behind, faceless, one of dozens of men Dean doesn’t remember. Instead, he wants to make love face to face. Dean wants Castiel’s expression burned into his mind, to be able to remember the way his eyes look when he slides into Dean and when he comes. “Like this. Come on, come on.” Dean reaches for Castiel, wrapping one arm around his shoulders when he positions himself between Dean’s legs and pushes in.
Dean pulls his hand away from Ben’s wrist and lets him curl his arm. Ben holds on to him for a few more moments, humming loudly, before he pulls away. He leans back and opens his eyes. “That was horrible,” he says, his eyes narrowing at the Jenny. “Torturing children shouldn’t be a legitimate career choice.”
They walk back to join the rest of the party. The football game broke up in their absence, and when Donnie breaks off to head over to Sam—maybe to apologize to him too—Dean walks toward Cas.
Dean jogs across the street and stares through the window. A baby grand—smaller than the one at his grandmother’s house—sits in the corner. Tall stacks of boxes surround the elegant instrument, and it looks out of place amongst the piles of amps and rock band gear. Dean’s fingers itch, and he can imagine sitting on the bench, letting his hands drift over the keys until he finds the ghostly melody. He pulls the door open and steps inside the cluttered shop before he can talk himself out of it.
John raises his head and meets Dean’s gaze with red-rimmed eyes. His expression is bleak, and it’s as if he’s feeling every moment of pain and confusion from the last nineteen years all at once. Dean holds his breath. This isn’t a position he ever thought he’d find himself in and he isn’t sure what to do. As difficult as John can be, the broken man in front of him is more difficult for Dean to face.
Another week of appointments. Another week of crushing looks—sympathetic from Charlie and frustrated from his father—and concerned calls from Sam. Even his grandparents stopped by to cheer him up, but it didn’t work. Dean is slipping away. The neurologist hadn’t been able to tell him anything more than he’s healing.
In the past, Dean has always been in a rush to clean up and put distance between him and his partner. This time, though, he indulges in the languid warmth weighing him down and watches Castiel from under half-hooded lids.
“It’s your mother, Cas. There’s been an accident.” The fear is replaced by a sudden stark realization that he knows exactly what she’s about to say. “I’m so sorry, Cas. She passed away a few minutes ago.”
“Those are good things to remember.”  Dean isn’t sure what else to say. Ben was so little, much younger than Dean had been when Mary died and there is so much he doesn’t remember about his mom either, just snippets and snatches of memories, like the way her golden hair glinted in the sunlight when she washed dishes at the sink. “I only remember a little bit about my mom too.”
Dean accepts the good natured teasing from the guys over his loss with an overstated bow. “Gotta hit the head, order up another round with your ill-gotten gains, Joanna Beth,” Dean directs, heading toward the restrooms. As he crosses the room, he can’t help but notice the red haired woman standing at the corner of the bar. His path takes him right past her. She wears tight black skinny jeans and knee high boots. A black t-shirt emblazoned with a she-devil and the words
“You burnin’ through staff that quick, Ellen?” Dean teases when the older woman approaches. “I thought Nat was on Saturday nights. We didn’t scare her away did we?”
Dean takes the bag from Kali with a grin. “That’s awesome, man. I’ll run this out to the fridge in the garage. You can head back into the living room and hang out. I’ll be there in a sec.”
“Needs some TLC. Strip it down and weld in some new panels, then you could drive it and not get flattened by a car.”
She looks between Dean and Ben—who is clutching his arm to his chest as if it’s broken—and shrugs. “It’s okay. You’d be surprised. He’s not the most difficult draw I’ve done.”
Castiel acknowledges the sentiment with an almost imperceptible nod. “We didn’t really know each other well then, but I had a very bad breakup a few years ago,” he continues, stopping to swallow deeply. He wasn't lying when he told Balthazar that Malachi has no power over him, but he still doesn't like to talk about it. “He hurt me, physically, and it’s gotten much worse since then. There are only a few people with whom I’m comfortable enough.” Realizing how that sounds, he is quick to add, “Not that I’m not comfortable with you, it’s just,”
Several dancers bump into Dean’s back, sending him stumbling forward before he catches his balance. “You too, Dorothy. Good turn out.”
Cas smiles, his lips curving against Dean’s chest. “Nearly. The artist was a close friend of Michael’s. He proposed a threesome a few times, but Michael wasn't particularly interested in sharing.” He arches into the touch when Dean continues to stroke his stomach with the back of his hand. His voice is rougher when he continues. “On the other side is Isis and Osiris. They’re Egyptian gods who—”
“I’m sorry, Will,” is all Castiel can think to say. “I never meant to hurt you.”  He wants to stand up and walk over and comfort him, but he knows that he has no comfort to offer.
The extra five minutes in the shower, plus enough time to brew travel mugs of both coffee and tea, made him later getting to Ben than he’d planned. Of course, nothing ever goes as intended with Ben, so a mad search of the house for a misplaced Benson meant that Dean had to send Cas a text explaining that they would be twenty minutes late picking him up.
“Nah, he said he’d wait for you. Mom had some problems with the liquor board, so Sam’s takin’ a look at the paperwork for her.”
It’s like the last twenty years never passed and Ash is that skinny kid bawling in the dirt again. His heart is breaking for his friend all over again, but it puts so many things from that summer into perspective. “Why didn’t you ever say?”
Instead of answering, Dean takes her beer bottle and sets both drinks on the counter before nodding his head towards the door of the bar. As he follows Abby across the room, he catches Jo’s eye. She shakes her head slowly, grin spreading. He gives his brother and friends a jaunty wave. Ellen is definitely right, he does need to get out more.
Dean continues to stare straight ahead though he can’t see anything past the coating of snow covering the windshield. From the corner of his eye, he can see that Ash is leaning against the door, facing Dean. Dean opens his mouth to speak, but there is a lump in his throat that strangles the words, so he says nothing.
“Mr. Novak must be a good guy then. He’s right, though, about not going under the desk. Not such a good idea.” Mr. Novak, then, must be the guy with the brilliant blue eyes and sex hair.
Dean heaves a gulp of air and steps back, forcing his fits to unclench. He would never hit one of them and the accusation makes him naseuous. “Cas, I—”
Cas’ eyes are wide, the blue dark with arousal as he stares at Dean. Finally, he nods and when Dean pulls him forward, he goes along easily. Dean says a silent prayer to whatever gods are in charge of him not dying from blue balls.
Dean smiles too, not sure he’s convinced of that, but then his expression is replaced with one of confusion. “But I don’t get what that has to do with why he’s havin’ trouble. I mean, if he’s so smart, you should be able to fly through the work they give him. Is that why he’s so stubborn?”
Dean orders three all-day admission passes and slides his debit card across the counter to the young woman ringing them up. He gathers up the three dark purple wristbands and moves away from the counter to make room for the family behind them. Fastening Ben’s band loosely around his wrist, Dean then holds his hand out for Cas’ arm.
“Cas, if you leave right now, I’m going to be jerking off in my room with Ben right across the hall. What’s the difference?”
Dean bites his bottom lip. “He’s got himself worked up about something. You know how he gets. He’s a weird dude. We’ll be fine.” He grabs the pot out of the sink and shoves it into the dishwasher with enough force to rattle the rack.
, then make their way back out to the couch. When Dean stretches out, Cas moves to sit on the recliner. “What are you doing way over there?” Dean asks with a pout.
Across the room, Dean and Ben stand in front of a black and white photograph of a carnival while Ellen talks with Marissa, the petite photographer. The dreams didn’t die. They’re right there, embodied in two people who have given him back all of the parts of himself he thought he’d lost along the way. He takes a moment to thank whatever deities might be listening, then walks across the room to join them.
Cas jerks back like Dean slapped him, his eyes going hard and cold. “There’s nothing wrong with me,” he barks, yanking his hand out of Dean’s grasp and batting Dean’s hand away from his face. “I’m not broken. There’s nothing wrong with me.”
and half a Miles Davis song is all I can manage, but I can play it.” Blue eyes light up again. “Hey, we should see if you can play any other instruments. There's a bunch at the store you can try out.”
He hadn’t meant it to come out like that, but now that the words are out he wouldn’t take them back even if he could. Cas whimpers, a sound that is halfway between pain and misery, but when he turns to look at Dean, his eyes are cold. “How dare you use that to manipulate me, Dean,” he growls, pushing away from the table. He teeters a little when he stands up and Dean just barely stops himself from rushing to his side. Cas starts to pace back and forth in front of the double doors, the early afternoon sun highlighting the planes and hollows of his face. “I love you so much and I thought you felt the same, but I don’t know what to think anymore.”
Ben nods and seems to think about that for a moment before he asks, “Is he going to come to my party?”
Everyone laughs, so Castiel reaches over and pinches Dean’s side through his shirt. “I wouldn’t mind some love handles,” he murmurs suggestively, “to give me something to hold on to.”
He walks home from school that afternoon, the warm breeze playing with his hair. He runs one hand through it. It’s getting long; maybe he should cut it. He’s thinking about asking Meg to trim it when his phone lets out a little jingle in his pocket. He doesn’t remember turning the sound on, but the notification makes him smile anyway. Meg still looked worried when he walked out, so she’s probably just checking up on him.
Several people, including a few distant cousins and women from his mother’s book club, clasp his hands and hug him while they’re filing out of the church. Dean stands at his side, one hand on his elbow as if he’s ready to spirit Cas away the moment it looks like he needs it. Cas takes a shaky breath and stands his ground, even though he appreciates the sentiment.
The line goes dead. Castiel puts his phone back on the nightstand and rolls over in his empty bed, clutching the pillow to his chest with a sigh.
John huffs out a laugh and collapses onto the couch. “Okay, okay. No need to get bitchy. Go on, go sweep your man off his feet, or whatever. I’m missin’ the end of
Castiel spreads out the round rug ringed with letters and numbers in various colors in front of his desk then looks over his classroom. Everything is ready for the first day of school tomorrow. Although there are bright pops of color throughout, the room is mostly painted in a soothing monochromatic beige scheme. Although Castiel knows it is important for the room to be inviting and engaging, he’s sure to keep it from being too overstimulating for his young charges.
“Is Meg, Ms. Master?” Ben asks, looking up from his project with a frown. What started as a box of parts less than a half hour ago is now identifiable as a robot.
Not all the songs Dean hears these days are ones he’s heard before. Though they’ve tried, none of the band members can identify some of the melodies Cas transcribes. Eventually, Cas writes lyrics for the unknown ones and turns them into songs for
“You should bring them,” she bubbles, fiddling with the Keurig before placing her own mug beneath the spout. It has a picture of Yoda on it with the letters OOYL underneath. Castiel finds it mildly humorous. “I got the rule book for a new Firefly campaign. It’s gonna be coolio,” she finishes.
The song ends, fading into an original tune and they let the conversation die away. It’s too hard to hear over the noise anyway. They stand like that, side by side, listening to the music for a few minutes. The rhythm is catchy, with a beat that reverberates in his chest. When he feels the light, almost tentative drag of Will’s fingertips against the small of his back, Castiel isn’t particularly surprised. He remembers this part, the first hesitant dance of attraction while everyone tries to figure out whether the other party is interested. It’s different than the kind of ritual Jacob had employed while sitting at the bar. This is physical, sensual. The sound washing over them prevents words, so questions are both asked and answered with their bodies.
Gabriel, Kali, Jason, Zachariah, Bartholomew and himself line up along the back of the hearse and wait for the coffin to be lifted out. Zachariah had protested when Kali announced her intention to be a pallbearer, but he’d withered under her glare. Castiel is relieved to look to his left and see Jason’s tearful face rather than a stranger. Somewhere behind them, Dean is following with the rest of the procession. Cas wants to turn and look for him but he doesn’t.
Ash lets out a low whistle as they pull into the driveway and Dean hits the remote for the garage door. “Merry Griswold Christmas,” he teases. “Almost expectin’ you to hit a button and start a light show synchronized to
Castiel can see Meg’s shoulders shaking now, over where she’s taking their coats out, and he knows she’s laughing, damn her. Castiel flicks the rubber band again, taking a moment to consider the appropriate response to Becky’s outburst before settling on, “Yes, well, your enthusiasm is certainly appreciated.” He pushes up from his desk chair to walk her to the door of the classroom. “We’ll see you at eight a.m. tomorrow, Becky.”
Castiel retrieves the globe from the shelf and hands it to Dean, who is looking at him with an odd expression. As they pay and leave the gift shop, Dean continues to sneak little looks at Castiel over Ben’s head. Finally, as they’re retrieving their coats, Castiel can’t take it anymore. “Why are you looking at me like that?” he practically snaps, acting on his discomfort.
“I know, Ellen, I know, ok? I get it, can’t be a hermit. I already got the lecture from Sammy and Jess last week. Jesus, do you guys have a schedule or something?” Dean grouses, finishing off his beer. Sam may be his younger brother, but he sure acts like he knows more about life than Dean does. Considering that he’s been happily married to Jess for four years and living his dream as a lawyer, there might be some truth to that. Not that Dean would ever admit it.
Dean crosses his arms and glowers. Even if he wanted to talk to Bobby about his problems with Cas, he knows Bobby wouldn’t want to know anything about it. “Just tired from the picnic. We were up late.”
“Does it hurt more or less than a cat scratch?” Ben asks. He tries to pull his arm away, but Megan holds onto his wrist.
Castiel clears his throat, looking back and forth between Jess and Dean. Sam just laughs. “Go ahead and ask,” Sam encourages him, a mischievous glint in his eye.
Dean looks up to Meg for help. She's holding the walkie-talkie she'd been wearing on her belt to her cheek, obviously calling for back-up. Dean tries to stop Ben from ripping the costume as he tears it off, but he can't stop him from taking it off without starting a full-out tussle in the classroom.
Dean glances up at Cas, who narrows his eyes and turns to Carl. “That’s a rather large difference, don’t you think?” Cas says mildly. Dean bites back a grin.
“We all did, Dean. And all the good you’ve done with him was without you knowing about the autism. Since you got the diagnosis, you’ve bent over backward to make sure he has everything he needs,” she counters.
“Toss ‘em in here and let’s get movin’,” Bobby mutters, unlocking the trunk. “Long ass drive to Herington.”
Dean presses the call-button on the front of the building and waits, hands shoved into his pockets, shifting his weight back and forth. “Can I help you?” a reedy voice asks. Dean is getting tired of disembodied voices today.
Despite what he told Dean, Will hadn’t specifically called it a date. When he’d commented to Meg that it could just be a casual friendly invitation to see a band in a genre Castiel enjoyed, she’d rolled her eyes and slapped him on the back of the head. Castiel had wisely kept his ponderings to himself after that.
“I can’t explain it, Dean. I don’t know who the little boy is or why I always painted him. Some subconscious desire for connection or some supernatural intuition? I don’t know,” Cas says, his voice cracking with emotion. Dean reaches out and pulls him against his side so that Cas’ head rests against his shoulder. “I don’t know, either, why I started painting him with Ben’s face. I promise it wasn’t anything inappropriate. I didn’t even realize I’d done it the first time until I stepped back and looked at the painting.
“I want to, Cas. I want to be able to say it,” Dean says, turning his head to kiss the words into Cas’ palm. “I want to say it and mean it and not be so afraid of everything crashing down around me.”
As if he knows how much Dean is struggling, Cas lowers his head and gently brushes his lips across Dean’s forehead. “I’ll go get your bag from downstairs so you can change,” he offers, giving Dean an out.
Cas sighs and leans into the contact, letting it settle and ground him. “It’s a lot to take in. A year ago I hardly ever showed my paintings to people and now I’m getting ready to stand around while strangers gawk at them. It’s overwhelming.”
“Okay, good. I know it’s my own fault that you don’t really talk to me about stuff, but just, you know, if you ever need to talk, you can. Talk to me, I mean. About Ash or Cas or whatever,” John says, trailing off awkwardly. The whole thing would be sad if he wasn’t so earnest. Dean sees where Sam gets it.
A noise outside the shower startles him and he jerks around to find Dean wide-eyed and staring at him through the clear glass door, steam making his expression hazy. He jerks the shower door open and yanks Cas back out of the spray. “Are you crazy?” he yelps, his voice frightened. “You’re gonna burn yourself. Your back looks like it’s gonna start blistering soon.”
Cas bites back a smile. He selects a few more toys from the drawer and lays them next to Dean’s leg before crawling onto the bed. He pushes Dean’s legs apart, settling himself on his knees between the other man’s thighs. The movement bares Dean to his gaze and Cas drinks in the sight of him. Cock hard and weeping against his stomach, balls hanging heavy between his legs just above the pale pink pucker. Cas bites his lower lip and presses his palm to his straining erection, still trapped behind the zipper of his pants.
Charlie’s hand is on the thick bronze handle of the front door when a sound from the front parlor stops them in their tracks. Dean turns to see his father standing in the doorway of his office. “Where are you two going?”
Dean bats her away. “Please tell me you’re joking right now. You’re not taking off my fucking shoes, Char.”
“Why, yes it is!” Castiel exclaims in mock surprise, dropping some candy into the plastic pumpkin Ben carries. Turning to the woman, he explains, “Ben is in my class at Woodlawn.”
. It’s impossible to ignore how attractive he finds Cas, but he’s determined not to scare the other man away by stepping over the new boundaries in their relationship. He clears his throat and walks over to hang the jacket up in the locker while he composes himself.
When Castiel opens the door, Dean looks slightly apprehensive, but his face lights up immediately. He steps through the door and pulls Castiel into a quick kiss before setting down the backpack he had slung over his shoulder and giving Juliet a pat on the head. So he’d taken Castiel’s advice to pack a bag seriously.
“I’m proud of you. Who knows? Next, we’ll be going to an opening for you at the gallery downtown,” Dean says, pulling him in tight so he can put one arm around Cas’ shoulders.
Castiel very much wants to go with them. Not only because he enjoys watching Ben when he’s excited about something, but because it would mean a whole day spent with Dean. As friends, of course, but Castiel is finding that even spending time with Dean as friends is very enjoyable.
but Sheri said it was the lamppost. Part of two worlds, or something like that, and it stuck.” He waves at the heavy-set waitress topping off coffees across the room. “I’ve been coming here since I was a kid.”
Castiel blinks slowly, still caught in the magic of Dean’s gaze, and looks up at the flustered young woman. Thankfully, Dean is more in control of his faculties because he just gives the girl a charming grin and slides his card into the little binder before handing it back to her. “I think we’re good, darlin’,” he says with a wink. Then to Castiel, “I’m going to use the restroom before we get goin’.”
“There’s been a lot of miscommunication between us, Dean. I was under the impression that evening that you were in a romantic relationship with Jo.”
Sam clears his throat awkwardly. “Hey, I think your mom said she needed someone to run to the Roadhouse and pick up drinks and stuff for tomorrow. You wanna take my car and head over?” he asks Ash. He’s doing that thing where he flicks his eyes from Dean to Ash and it’s obvious that he’s trying to separate them before something bursts wide open.
Dean hugs her closer and rubs one hand across her shoulder. Although they had never officially declared themselves
“Good. It’s nice to see you boys settling down.” Dean follows his dad’s gaze to where Sam and Jess are standing on the other side of the yard with the rest of the family. His heart sinks when he recognizes the newcomer standing with his back to them as John adds, “Isn’t that Donnie talking to Cas? You sure that’s a good idea?”
Charlie shakes her head, her lips pressed into a thin line. After a moment, she glances over at him. “I know why you won’t. Your mom wouldn’t want you to live like this, Dean. Grandma Campbell would have John’s head if she knew half the stuff he says to you.”
Dean opens the lid of one of the boxes and steals a piece of pepperoni off the pizza before Jo smacks him on the back of the hand. “She may be tiny, but she’s a hellcat. It took all we had. Tell her, Cas. It was life or death,” he says seriously, motioning to Cas with the pepperoni.
“Really? I just restored a ’87 Camaro if you’re interested in something a little newer, too. Cas, my, ah . . .” Dean trails off. It’s been a long time since he’s been uncomfortable with his sexual orientation, but he’s not sure he wants to put it on display.
Castiel catches the way Dean’s eyes dart to him and then away. “You can have wine if you want,” he offers.
“I never knew that,” Dean says, wincing at the sharpness in his voice. Tonight is supposed to be about trying to reconcile, but the knowledge that John kept such a huge part of his mom from him is hard to accept.
The heat of Dean’s body pressing against him lulls Cas into a pleasant haze. He trails barely-there touches up Dean’s sides, fingers dipping under his t-shirt to rub little circles against the heated skin. Dean arches into the touch, hands stilling on the strings for a moment, until Cas moves on, smoothing his palms up Dean’s chest. A soft sigh escapes and when Dean starts to play again, his fingers aren’t as smooth as they were previously.
“You more than earned this, I think,” Crowley says, pulling a folded slip of paper from the breast pocket of his suit.
“I’ll show you stubborn,” Dean grinds out, jaw clenched in anger. He flings the brochure back onto the table and turns to stalk away, but he stops when Cas grasps his forearm.
They help Gabriel collect the bags and start the trek to where Castiel parked in the garage. Even though it is supposed to snow tonight, it has been clear for the last week so he doesn’t feel guilty about bringing the IROC, not that he has any other choice.
Orange, red, yellow for the sunlight, green and brown for Dean’s eyes, blue for the sheets. Castiel adds colors to his palette slowly, mixing and blending until he has just the shades he wants. He’s already transferred the rough sketch of Dean in his bed to the larger canvas, but this part, picking the colors, always feels like the most important.
Cas is curled on his side on top of the blankets in the dimly lit room Gabe takes Dean to. He stacks the luggage inside the door and waves Gabe away with silent thanks, then climbs onto the bed next him. Not sure where Cas is on the whole physical touching spectrum, he lays quietly, listening to Cas’ breathing until the other man opens his eyes and looks at him. “Hey,” he says softly, nudging his hand closer on the bed.
Dean gives a self-deprecating chuckle. “Come on, man, you know what I mean. It figured it wouldn’t be my thing, but it was actually pretty cool to talk to the other parents. We’ll definitely be back when I can get off work in time.”
“Yes, but what else? Does Santa always bring everything on the list? What if we made a list five pages long? Would Santa bring all those things?”
Gabriel pops another cookie in his mouth, chewing as he talks. “The tension seems to revolve around you, little bro. Now, I know I don’t know the backstory here, but any git can see that Dean’s got the hots for you. I just haven’t figured out how California boy feels about it,” he says conversationally, like he’s commenting on the weather.
Dean slides the card into his jacket pocket and slips away as Hank greets a young couple interested in another one of his photos. There are lots of nooks and crannies in the gallery so it isn’t surprising that Dean can’t see Cas immediately, but after a few minutes, he’s a little rattled.
Malachi hated Meg, jealous of her prominent place in Castiel’s life, and the feeling was always mutual. That evening, however, he flew into a rage when Castiel didn’t immediately hang up to coddle his shallow ego. Castiel was used to Malachi’s moods, and he thought this one was no different. Although he could be domineering and controlling at times and petulant like a child when he felt slighted, Malachi also had a generous, loving side that drew Castiel to him. During the good times he doted on Castiel, taking him to concerts and art shows, surprising him with flowers sent to the school and breakfast in bed. Although Malachi could be difficult, he had never been violent. That was something Castiel could never have stood for. Looking back, he realizes that what he did let Malachi get away with, controlling him, using sex as a weapon, and pushing his friends away, was infinitely worse in some ways.
Super-Charlie, sprinkling her magic enlightenment dust all over our thick-headed boys. Maybe Dean needs a dose next??
“I think I’ll like it just the same.” Dean looks like he wants to argue, but Castiel just holds his gaze. It frustrates him how much Dean puts himself and his abilities down. When Dean wisely doesn’t respond, Castiel continues, “I’m surprised you haven’t bought a second vehicle yourself so you don’t have to drive the Impala in the snow.”
Just then, Dean’s phone lights up with a text message where it is lying on the bench between them. Dean was using it to look up prices for parts. Cas doesn’t comment when Dean grabs the phone, but Dean can tell he saw that the message is from Ash. He thinks about shoving the phone in his pocket and pretending it didn’t happen, but that isn’t exactly what they agreed on. Instead, he unlocks the screen and holds the phone out so that Cas can see the text.
“Enough, Gabriel,” she snaps, turning slightly in her seat to glare at him. “Could you behave yourself for once? Castiel has been gracious enough to open his home to us, could you please not repay his kindness with your ridiculous teasing!”
"You know," Ellen says, "Jo wasn't much older than Ben when we lost her dad, bless his soul. It was the way Bobby was with her that won me over, a father without trying to replace her father. He's a better man than he wants people to know."
By the time John arrives at the pool, Charlie not long behind him, Dean is sitting on the bleachers. The surrounding echo had magnified every sound in the empty locker room and getting changed had been strange after so long. There’s nothing he can do for his restlessness, but he pushes on his leg to stop it from bouncing whenever John looks over at him.
“Well, then, you know that it’s a love story. I collaborated with the artist, a different artist than did the first two.” Dean pushes him away so that Cas sits up and he studies the man and woman tangled together on Cas’ other side. Although they are wrapped together in what is clearly love-making, the way their bodies are tangled around each other make the artwork sensual rather than obscene.
Dean looks at his lap and realizes the doctor is right; he is bouncing his leg. His hands are splayed across his thighs, tapping out what he now knows are the notes to the song drifting through his head. Dean swallows hard. “That’s new,” he says in a small voice.
While keeping his eyes on the afternoon traffic, Dean tries to follow. Though Ben’s gotten better at telling a story, he still sometimes starts in the middle, and it takes a few tries to figure out the details. Jackie, the speech therapist Ben sees at the clinic Pam referred them to, has been working on it with him. “Miss Morgan? So, you were in art class?” At Ben’s nod, Dean guesses, “The paint smelled bad? Or was it something else?”
“Is it always gonna be this hard?” Dean asks, watching Ben line up with the blond haired boy whose socks he is wearing.
Tears well up at the corners of his eyes and his voice shakes. “Mom, please. I don’t want to quit. I promise I’ll try harder.”
Benny toasts to that and the conversation turns to other news, both old and new. Though they text regularly, Dean and Benny haven’t seen each other in months. They swap funny stories about the garages and the kids, pausing only long enough to devour the huge hamburgers the waitress brings them. Wiping some ketchup from his face, Benny offers, “Dre got an invite to Cassie Robinson’s wedding next month.”
Meg scowls when he climbs into the backseat. “Dammit, Clarence. You look like you’re going to work. Would it kill you to put on something sexy?”
“Exactly. A colleague of mine at the college works with individuals who have suffered traumatic brain injury. She has a specific interest in acquired savant syndrome. Would you be willing to meet with her?”
Or at least, he thought he hadn’t. Castiel isn’t so sure now. Where the last few weeks have been completely devoid of any kind of physical contact between himself and Dean, the last twenty minutes have more than made up for it. Every time Dean moves past him, he brushes against Castiel’s side. From nonchalantly taking Castiel’s arm to guide him to the next display to brushing the back of his hand against Castiel’s as they walk, casual touches abound.
They’re right, he knows that. He knows what he’s doing to Dean, Ben, and himself is unnecessary. He knows that he could just choose to be with Dean and ignore the risks. It’s what everyone keeps telling him he needs to do.
Charlie is silent as they walk out, but she keeps giving him side-eyed looks. He waits until she’s pulling out of the lot. “Don’t say it,” he cautions, taking the smoothies out of his bag and putting hers in the cup holder before taking a sip. Charlie’s gotten good at making them palatable.
“No one is keeping you,” Dean says, trying to keep his voice even. “The doc will make sure you’re okay and that’s it.”
“Fainted a little?” Cas repeats with strained emphasis. “How do you faint a little? You either lose consciousness or you don’t lose consciousness, Dean.”
Dean turns. Charlie is standing in the doorway, her hair reflecting the light behind her like flames encircling her head. Her eyes are puffy and bloodshot, and her cheeks are shiny with moisture. “Why would I want you to leave?”
Dean shakes his head to clear it and looks around the table for help. Castiel doesn’t meet his eyes, as he’s curious himself how Dean feels about the question. He gave up the idea of having children of his own so long ago that the thought of his and Dean’s relationship progressing to where they might bring a baby into it fills him with emotion.
Castiel holds the other book out, lightly brushing the desk beside Ben’s arm with it to get his attention. He doesn’t touch Ben, though he wants to, because he isn’t sure whether Ben likes to be touched. “I have this book, Ben,” he says, “and I have other books about astronomy in my classroom. Would you like to bring your puppy and come with me to see them?”
Dean chuckles as he opens the refrigerator. “Knock yourself out, man. Hot chocolate is kind of a requirement after playing in the snow.”
“The band is playing at the Rembrandt tonight,” Castiel explains, his expression softening the same way Charlie’s does when she realizes Dean has lost focus. He gestures at the dark haired woman. “That’s Meg, our lead singer. You’ve met Ash, and Raphael should be here any minute to help us load up.”
“Winchester!” he responds with a smile. Dirk had been year ahead of Dean in school, and though they hadn't really been friends, they’d known each other in passing. “Schools over for the day, dude. You're late.”
“Dean, hey, how are you?” Kaylee gives him a sunny smile, her eyes flitting over Charlie. “You were on the ESPN highlights the other night. It sounded like you did well in Arizona.”
“You can’t shelter him,” Sam adds. “You can’t wrap him in bubble wrap and protect him from the world. We’re his family. We won’t let anything happen to him. You need to take breaks too, Dean.”
When he finally looks up, Cas is watching him curiously. “You can get a dog door, Dean. It isn’t too hard to install,” he says seriously; as if Dean drove over here in the middle of the night to talk about dogs.
Dean smiles, his heart giving a flip, and settles back on the bed to respond. It’s ridiculous that a text from Castiel can change his whole mood, but it does.
The Santa Clara Pro Swim meet is tomorrow. Charlie and John are leaving tonight, and they might even be packed up by the time he gets home. Dean had considered going, but the idea of not being able to compete made him nauseous. Both Dr. Harvelle and Castiel have pointed out there’s no chance of competing in the Nationals, forget the World Championships. Why drag it out to the bitter end?
Cas smiles and presses cold lips to Dean’s cheek, his breath hot in contrast. “It’s awfully cold for a picnic, though.”
Ash rolls his eyes again and pats Dean on the shoulder condescendingly. “Did you use your big boy words? Did you say ‘Castiel, would you like to go on a date with me?’ or even ‘Castiel, can I suck your cock?’ My guess is no, you did not.”
Cas has already flipped through the book and picked out an elaborate bee design that covers half his face when Dean finally capitulates and allows himself to be tugged over to the book. Rather than letting him flip through the whole book, Cas turns back three pages and points to the Batman mask in the left-hand corner. “That one.”
“That’s not a bad thing.” Sam pauses, letting out a huff of breath the same way he always does before he says something Dean won’t like. “Are you doing this for yourself or for mom?”
“He does that,” Dean interrupts again. “I mean, he hates to stop things in the middle. Like he’s gotta finish something before he moves on to, ah, something else,” he trails off. He runs one hand over his face, then around to grip the back of his neck. “Sorry, I’m just, well, I’m nervous I guess. Been a long time since I’ve been called to the principal’s office.” He flashes a small charming grin to cover his discomfort.
Castiel looks at them, suddenly realizing that he does have things to say to Lisa. He shakes his head, not trusting his voice, and walks forward. Imitating both Dean and Ben, he lays one hand on the cold stone. He thinks about what it must have been like for Dean in those early days right after her death, thrust alone into the terrifying world of a single parent. Even with his family’s support, the weight of the responsibility must have been crushing.
“Meg was thinking about getting a Mazda,” Cas says as they get out of the car. He takes Ben’s hand as they walk toward the showroom.
“That’s my girl!” he yells, the words swallowed up by the cavernous room. On the deck, John is throwing a towel around Charlie’s shoulders, hugging her. He’s smiling, an expression Dean has seen more and more in the past few months.
He thinks about texting Ash back and telling him it would be better for him to stay somewhere else. Ash would understand. He’s never been anything but supportive with Ben. But he doesn’t. Dean wants this, wants Ash with them. Hell, he’ll even admit that he wants Ash in his bed. Although they’ll make up the couch and act like that’s where Ash will sleep, Dean knows he’ll end up in Dean’s room soon enough. As he pulls out of the parking lot and heads for home, he wonders if it’s really Ash that he wants. Maybe Ash is just a convenient, familiar way to not be alone, even if it’s only for a week.
Cas is prepared to wait anxiously, but it only takes a few seconds for his phone to register a response.
He takes another deep breath to steady himself. “I went to Dean’s house this morning to surprise him with breakfast,” he explains, glad he is able to get through that much without losing control. “Ash was there,” he adds quickly before his emotions overwhelm him again.
The beads get bigger as he goes and the last few require more of a stretch as his rim parts around them. Dean pushes back, chasing the burn, but Cas holds steady and waits until his body relaxes before pushing the last bead in. Dean feels full, fuller than he can ever remember feeling, and when he moves to rut against the bed, the beads shift inside him and press against his prostate. He arches against the flare of pleasure that streaks through him and opens his mouth to pant roughly, barely able to catch his breath.
“Hey, man. Look at me.” When Cas doesn’t look back, Dean lays a hand on Cas’ cheek until he meets Dean’s eyes again. “I’m not interested in him, okay? I just got done telling him again that I’m with you. He’s not coming between us, not ever.”
She lets him process that for a moment, but Dean doesn’t respond as his head is spinning so she continues, “Because of this, and his extremely high intelligence, Ben is going to need a very specialized educational program. I know this is a lot to process, so I’m not going to overload you with information today. I have several pamphlets that will give you more information on both giftedness and Asperger’s Disorder. What I am going to tell you is that your son is a sweet, intelligent, generous, lovely little boy. None of this changes that. He is exactly the same right now as he was before you walked through that door and heard these words. Now you just have more information to better meet his needs.”
Dean steps back to give her room to pull the door open and he watches as she crosses the room. His attention is pulled away from Ben to the man Jody is talking to. Jody says something to him that makes him look up at Dean through the window and Dean can’t look away. His eyes are the clearest, brightest blue Dean has ever seen, like the Grabber Blue of a ’69 Mustang. They’re set off by a tousled mess of dark brown hair. It looks like he’s either just rolled out of bed or has gone a round or two with one of his students, and Dean’s fingers itch to feel what it’s like to delve into that hair. Dean figures it’s long enough to offer a pretty good grip.
Dean shrugs, the tension spreading back into his shoulders. Indianapolis creeps closer every day, and he isn’t getting any faster. “If you say so.”
“What’s wrong?” Meg barks out. There is music in the background for a moment, then the muffled sound of a door opening and closing.
Dean’s frustration gets the better of him and he snaps, “Look, doc, I’m sure most people need these big words and drawn out speeches to soften the blow, but I’m a ‘rip the band-aid off’ kinda guy. Just tell me what’s goin’ on.”
“You must just have the serving wench in your blood or something,” he retorts, popping the cap off and taking a long swallow.
Dean is in no mood for pleasantries, though. The weight of his declaration bears down on him, making him twitchy. “Meg said she’d keep Ben busy for a while so we had a chance to talk,” he blurts out, making the other man’s eyes widen.
“Of course. Told you I wanted it.” He dips his head to the side to nibble at Cas’ jawline, body continuing its gentle undulations.
The two women have taken seats at the table and motion for Dean to join them. Still a little self-conscious, he pulls a chair to the end of the table so that he’s sitting between them. “It’s great that you decided to come,” Candace says in greeting. “These groups are really nice for the kids and it’s good to get out and talk to other people who don’t look at you like you have three heads when you describe the crazy things your kid does.”
When he’s done, Cas takes a step back and shoves his hands his pockets. He doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes, which Dean is grateful for because he isn’t sure what Cas will see there. He’s also appreciative of the way his jacket falls to just past his hips because it covers the bulge of his partial erection. It kind of makes Dean feel like a heel that he’s gotten turned on by his friend, a friend who is involved with someone else at that, simply touching his wrist in front of his son.
Castiel thinks back to what Charlie told him. “And eventually, you ended up together, living together?”
Dean raises one eyebrow. “A shoulder rub doesn’t really sound like the kind of thing Ben needs to be in bed for.”
“I don’t want you to leave. I want you to back off. Maybe we can get around to being friends instead of just fuckbuddies.”
Cas shrugs from his spot on the floor by the couch. He’s helping Ben put together a robot from the kit he got for Christmas and entertaining Dean while he’s cooking dinner at the same time. “I’m sure I have pictures somewhere at the house. Not only did Meg have blond hair when we met, but she often wore it in pigtails.”
He doesn’t answer, just gives her a half wave and lets himself into the house.  Pulling off his school clothes as he climbs the steps, Castiel shoves them into the hamper just inside the bathroom door and steps into the shower. With dual jets and programmable temperature, Castiel has always been unreasonably fond of his shower, but today the pounding pressure and hot water do nothing to relax him.
The only thing that helps is the music. Dean listened to every playlist on his phone twice and then went through random genres in his music app. Classical orchestra, piano standards, folk, and blues, he’s listened to it all. His hands tap out the rhythm of every new song and he wonders if he really can play them all. There is an easy way to find out, but that’s something else Dean has been avoiding.
Dean stretches languidly and pops the top button of his jeans while giving Cas a heated look. “You’ll stop if I tell you to stop?”
“Dean,” Cas gasps, his eyes widening. As close as they are, Dean can see himself reflected in the dilating pupils. “I love you, too. I love you so much.”
Dean turns on the burner under the pan they keep on the stove and cracks the six eggs into a bowl. He whisks them with a splash of milk and a dash of pepper, rolling his eyes the whole time. The house sits so far back on their three acres no one would see Dean fuck Chad on the front steps. Arguing with John isn’t worth it though. While John can’t do much to him today, one wrong word and he will torture Dean tomorrow.
Charlie, who had been staring at the side of Dean’s head with her mouth agape, jerks upright. “I saw a TV show about that. A guy was in a car accident, and when he woke up, he was a master painter.”
“I’d still like you to stay the night,” Dean says, reaching for Cas like he thinks Cas might pull away. He lets out a soft breath when Cas goes willingly, curling against Dean’s chest again. The whole thing isn’t what Balthazar described, but it still worked out pretty well.
There are already over a dozen kids and adults milling around Cas’ room when Dean and Ben walk through the door. Meg is messing with the computers in the back of the room, a mob of children pressing in around her. The other adults, all women except for Cas, are mingling where a bunch of chairs are set up around two tables in the opposite corner. Feeling immediately self-conscious, Dean almost turns around and leaves the way he came. If he didn’t know it would trigger a meltdown in Ben, he’d already be gone.
Meg rolls her eyes, but Cas turns to the redhead to take her bags of peanuts with a smile. “Just in time, Charlie. They’re opening the gates to the public soon.”
“Bill Harvelle was Ellen’s first husband, Jo and Ash’s dad. He died in a hunting accident the year I started tenth grade,” Dean says, his voice suddenly tight. “Dad was supposed to go with them but he was on one of his benders, so I guess he blamed himself or some shit.”
Castiel pushes the door open wider to allow Meg and Balthazar to enter the house. Balthazar carries two bottles of an expensive vintage of wine, which he takes directly to the bar in the great room. “I have wine, you know,” Castiel says dryly, following him to where he is already pouring two glasses. Even though he doesn’t drink, Castiel keeps several bottles on hand for his friends.
Dean moves his arm far enough to give Castiel the stink-eye, then sighs and rolls off the bed. “You’re lucky I lo—, like you, you know that?” he says, walking quickly into the bathroom.
“I’ll be right there, babe. If you need a break, we’ll hide out in the bathroom or something. Just give me the sign.”
“I can’t imagine Raphael teaching,” Charlie says. “He doesn’t seem to like people, let alone children.”
"Come on in and let's get started." Dr. Harvelle leads him into the first room on the left and closes the door behind them. "Have a seat wherever."
“How would they turn the TV on?” Dean has long since given up trying to make any sense of the random questions Ben asks.
Cas smiles kindly. “Oh, you mean about me and Dean? Well, we haven’t exactly been spreading it around, given that Ben is one of my students. The administration knows, of course,” he says, ignoring Dean’s raised eyebrows at that, “but we didn’t want awkwardness at the school.”
John clamps one hand on Dean’s shoulder. Although there’s still humor in his eyes, his tone is serious. “You know I appreciate this, right? Havin’ a house again, it’s, I guess I never thought it was somethin’ I’d get to have, after everything I put you boys through.”
“Sure, sure,” Gabriel placates with a cheeky grin, “there isn’t going to be much of it left soon anyway.”
Dean dips his head, eyes wide as he follows the trail of Cas’ hand down his chest. He swallows hard, throat bobbing. “I could do that.” He wipes his hands on the towel, then pulls his shirt over his head and drops it on the floor next to the bed.
He turns away from the window and looks up at the vaulted ceiling, one hand trailing down to rest lightly on Juliet’s head. His limbs feel heavy, aching. He hasn’t run or done yoga since before the funeral; hasn’t even had the urge even though he hadn’t gone more than a day or two without either in years. The intellectual side of him knows that he would feel better if he did, that the endorphins would help, but the rest of him is willing to roll over and ignore it.
Dean is glad that his dad could keep Ben overnight. While he’s thrilled that Cas loves Ben as much as he does, he doesn’t want any distractions. After everything Cas has been through, he deserves to have Dean’s undivided attention when Dean looks him in the eye and tells him that he loves him. Dean lets himself imagine the shocked joy on Cas’ face. The fear of not being what Cas needs is what has made him hold back and that is what made Cas doubt him. He can’t wait to show Cas that although he might be scared, he’s committed to their relationship.
“Don’t see why not,” the older man says, not looking up from his coloring page. “Been stupid slow this week.”
Dean’s eyes flick down to Ben then back to Castiel, his tongue darting out to wet his lips.  “Yeah, well, I was kinda hopin’ that maybe we could talk or, ah, something.”
Castiel doesn’t tense or pull away, instead slowly turning to look at where Dean’s hand is resting, the warmth from his palm bleeding through the fleece hoodie. When he meets Dean’s eyes, there’s a brief flash of challenge before Dean slides his gaze away and withdraws his hand.
There are a few shocked chuckles around the table as Sam sheepishly picks up the vegetable and hands it back to John and Ellen gives them both a stern look.
"Oh, yeah, sorry." She holds out her hand. "Jo Harvelle." Although her hand is tiny in his, her grip is strong. "Your mom being the chair of your department should get you some perks, but I swear they're harder on me because of her."
Once they’re warmed up, the kids get excited. They call out questions so fast Garth has to remind them to put their hands up several times. Dean describes swimming for several hours, twice every day, and the kids agree waking up at four a.m. for training sounds horrible. He finishes by answering questions about his experience at the Olympics.
The door is barely closed and locked behind them when Dean pulls Cas against him, hands dropping to Cas’ ass for leverage to grind against him. Cas’ mouth is hot and wet and even though he seems hesitant at first, it doesn’t take him long to get with the program again. They take the several steps to Dean’s bed without letting go of each other, an unorganized shuffle that is interrupted every few steps for Dean to rut against Cas.
Ben immediately agrees and Dean is relieved that Cas doesn’t seem to think this is a big deal. Cas runs Ben’s bath while Dean helps him pick out a pair of pajamas, then Cas finishes up his paperwork while Dean transfers the laundry from the washing machine to the dryer. Once Ben is done in the bath, Dean washes his hair while Cas sets out his snack. The routine runs so smoothly that it’s as if Cas has always been a part of it.
, Cas thinks, warmth spreading in his chest. He looks down at where Ben is holding his hand as Dean chats with his father about something a few feet behind them. Ben trusts him and it’s clear that Dean’s family think nothing of it. He’s been accepted by them in a way he isn’t by his own mother. It is humbling.
Cas tries not to let his disappointment show. He helps Dean pack up Ben and kisses them both goodbye at the car, waiting until Dean backs out of the driveway before going back into the house. The silence is overwhelming even with Juliet following him from room to room as he prepares for bed. It almost seems too early to go to sleep, but he’s suddenly exhausted. As he curls up under the covers, Juliet at his feet, he tries not to worry that Ash will wear Dean down. This may be what Dean says he wants now, but their chemistry at Christmas was undeniable.
There’s a brief announcement thanking everyone for attending before a low gong sets the Walk off, the whole crowd moving forward at a slow pace. They only get about fifty yards before Sam stoops down to lift Ben up on his shoulders above the crowd, much to the boy’s delight.
They settle into a comfortable silence, the rumble of the engine and swish of the pavement under the wheels the only sounds. Cas continues to sip his tea while Dean finishes his coffee in a half-dozen big gulps. He’s never really seen the point of sipping.
Pam watches the fear and panic play over his face for a moment before laying her hand gently on his arm. “Dean? You’re not alone. No one is expecting you to do this by yourself,” she says as if she can read his swirling thoughts. “From what you’ve said, you have a very supportive family, and you have a great team at Ben’s school. Mr. Novak is one of the best Autistic Support teachers I’ve ever worked with and Mr. Tran has an amazing Gifted program.”
Castiel’s throat feels like it’s closing, a tightness that is usually the predecessor to tears, but he swallows hard to force them away. “This isn’t what I want.”
“That’s with the repairs to the body and top of the line upgrades,” Dean points out. “There’s certain stuff that will be easier to do while we’re doin’ the bodywork, like the exhaust since we gotta drop it do the floor pan anyway, but a lot of it can be done slowly over time. If you wanna add another grand, we could repaint her too.”
There isn’t much of the movie left, but the clock on the DVD player shows that it’s time for Ben to start getting ready for bed anyway. Ben doesn’t complain when Dean turns off the movie and shoos him into the bathroom though he does ask if Cas will still be there when he gets out. Cas’ eyes are shining happily when he responds in the affirmative.
Dean slowly spins off both caps and alternates holding them to his nose. Son of a bitch. They’re different. The new one is more flowery, less crisp. He replaces the lids and huffs out a breath, leaning against the dryer. He can still hear Ben crying from his room, and there is an overwhelming urge to pretend like he hadn’t discovered the different detergents.
Though it’s been years since he’s felt the back of John’s hand, he remembers the sting too well.  “He didn’t,” Dean starts in a panic, but Castiel cuts him off.
“Huh,” Dean says, grabbing the back of his neck with one hand. “I figured you and Meg were a thing.”
Dean rolls his eyes and fights back the urge to hang up. He’s really not in the mood for this. “Hey, Ash,” he says instead.
He’s going to puke. Sharp needles of pain radiate outward when his eyes slit open, and he shuts them again. Even keeping his eyes closed, nausea roils through him. A droning beep echoes through his head, mimicking the heavy thud of his heart. Dean shifts, but his body is heavy, leaden, as if he’s wrapped in a thick blanket and held to the bed. At least, he assumes it’s a bed. Scratchy fabric brushes the back of his legs.
Jo smirks. “Sure, I can see how it would take two of you to control her. It’s not like either of you have a weight or height advantage.”
Dean blinks and Castiel waits for the inevitable questions. Instead, Dean just nods and pulls a mug from the cabinet. Castiel waits for him to fill it with water and put it in the microwave. “Most people have a lot more to say,” he shares.
“Mothers, see, that’s it, man. I’m not cut out for this. Lisa should be here,” Dean blurts out, aware that he’s rambling but unable to stop himself.
Dean loves being surrounded by his family. Benny and Sam are crowded around the grill, making s’mores for the kids while Garth is on cleanup duty with wet paper towels. Despite his efforts, their faces and hands are smeared with chocolate and long strings of marshmallow. Jo, plate heaped high with what Dean figures is the last of the potato salad, plops to the ground next to them, coaxing them into making one of the treats for her.
“And you’re still learning. It’s not a competition, Dean. I meant what I said last night. We’re in this together, for as long as we’re together, but I have no interest in replacing you with Ben. You’re his father and you always will be. That’s something I can never give him. The rest of this is just tricks I’ve learned along the way. You’re his family.”
Kali laughs lightly. “Oh yes, I knew. He’s worth it, despite the drama.” She takes a seat and opens the water. They sit in silence for a few moments, both watching the clear lights twinkle on the giant tree Castiel set up in front of the floor to ceiling windows. His only other concession to the holiday is the strand of white lights he strung up on the front of the house. Christmas has never been one of his favorite holidays. Growing up, it always seemed more about duty and awkward family meals than anything eliciting real joy.
Dean finally looks up. "There's a swim meet this weekend, but I can't go. Charlie, my teammate, dropped out too because she says she'd rather stay home and take care of me. Like I can't even take care of myself. I'm not only fucking up my life; I'm fucking up hers, too."
Sam looks up then, unable to hide his massive smile any longer. “I told you he’d figure it out,” he says, rolling his eyes at Jess.
“You have to wait and see, Ben,” Cas responds gently. “But if you help me find the right car before you get all five stickers, you win anyway. You get all the stickers and you get the surprise right then. Do you think you can do that?”
Dean stands up and blocks John’s escape into the kitchen. “Castiel has nothing to do with this. We both know I haven’t been happy for years, Dad.”
Donnie is already there when Dean arrives. He spots Dean and picks up two bottles, inclining his head toward a secluded booth at the back of the room. “Figured you didn’t want an audience for this,” he says as Dean slides in opposite him. He sets one bottle in front of Dean.
As they pass the little playground set in the north corner of the park, Castiel’s gaze is drawn by the man standing next a small boy on the swingset. Despite his already elevated heart rate, it quickens slightly when he recognizes Ben and his father. Normally, he would wave a quick hello to anyone he passed on the street. This time, however, he doesn’t let himself examine his reasons too deeply as he slows his pace so that he and Juliet are barely jogging. He shifts his direction, guiding her onto the worn path into the park.
“I’ve never been good at following a recipe. It’s much easier when someone shows me what to do,” Cas responds. Jolene and another mother pass behind him at the snack table, forcing him to step closer to Dean and Candace. He takes a step to the side so that his arm brushes Dean’s.
Castiel swallows hard and squeezes his eyes shut for a moment before opening them again. “I want more than that too, Dean.”
Charlie nods once, a quick, sharp movement. “Let me wash my face and throw on some jeans. I can’t go out in these tights.”
Dean surges forward and captures Cas’ face in the palms of his hands. He presses a kiss to Cas’ forehead, lips warm against Cas’ skin. “Look at me,” he says, forcing Cas to meet his eyes. When Cas finally raises his gaze to meet Dean’s vibrant green eyes, Dean pulls in a shaky breath. “Castiel Novak, that is never going to happen. You are who I want. Ash is my past, but you’re my future. I know you’re not in a good place right now, but I need you to trust me. No matter what Ash thinks he wants, I want to be with you and that is what matters.”
At first, Castiel was uneasy, both with the attention and by living in a house that looked more like a magazine spread than a home. That changed when Mrs. Darrow, who lives in the charming Cape Cod style house across the street, complimented a lamp in the great room. Castiel loathed the lamp, as he detested most of the furniture and accessories in the house. The place was cold and sterile, all sleek lines and bland colors that didn’t suit Castiel at all.
Dean’s eyes flick to Castiel’s face then away again, his brows pulling together. “Yeah, okay. I, ah, I suck at this talkin’ stuff, so, ah, I’m sorry,” he says, looking anywhere in the room except at Castiel.
Dean has always known that Cas’ family is rich, but until they pull up in front of the massive stone mansion, he hasn’t really grasped how well off they are. The three-story brick façade is perfectly landscaped with a circular drive and fountain. Two more cars, a Mercedes and a BMW, are parked in a small lot off to the side of the main house, but Gabe pulls the whole way around the house and parks in front of an expansive three car garage.
Dean gives her a quick nod, not trusting his voice, and walks out the back door. He hasn’t really talked to Ash since the night he showed up at the house. It isn’t so much that he’s angry at Ash, because at the end of the day, the whole mess isn’t entirely Ash’s fault. He just isn’t sure what to say. Ash knows that he screwed things up between Dean and Cas, but only because Bobby told him.  Other than a few texts to apologize, Ash has followed Dean’s lead and kept their contact to a minimum. Another week and he’ll be heading back to California to wrap up at Charybdis and start his new job. Dean just needs to hold it together until then.
Castiel picks up his work bag and heads into the house. He can’t stop the smile that blooms whenever he thinks about Dean. In the two weeks since their first official date, they’ve talked almost every day even though they’ve only seen each other at parent night. Work and Ben keep Dean busy, but Castiel’s favorite part of the day has become the fifteen or twenty minutes right before bed when Dean calls to ask how his day was. It’s so sweet and not really what Castiel was expecting from Dean. There seems to be a lot more to Dean than meets the eye.
Dean wants to keep the conversation going but he’s not sure what else to say, especially now that Cas is finally responding. He takes a shot even though he’s pretty sure it’s going to backfire.
Dean grabs his phone from the counter, lighting up the screen. Not Cas. Charlie. He tries really hard not to be disappointed.
With a frown, Dean makes the right to head up to the hospital. He’s heard rumblings about Miss Morgan since the beginning of the year. It didn’t seem to get to Ben, so he and Cas decided to wait and see how it developed. Looks as if a parent-teacher conference is in order. Dean reaches over and runs his hand across the back of Ben’s head. “Did you hit your head?”
“I need to be clear, Dean, so I’m going to be blunt,” Castiel says, drawing Dean’s gaze back to him. “Have you had intentions for our relationship that are more than friendship? Romantic intentions?”
“Gabriel, on the other hand, well, you’ve met Gabriel. Rebellion was his middle name. He and father never got along, not even when we were children, and by the time Gabriel moved to the west coast for law school, I think our father was happy enough to be rid of him.” Cas pauses and reaches to the desk beside him to pick up an eraser. He’s silent, focused on correctly whatever imperfection he has noticed, but Dean wonders if it’s just a way to avoid continuing the story. After a few moments, he puts the eraser down and looks up at Dean with a wry grin.
Dean looks around, studying the stores. He’s not sure if he’s disoriented or if he has never been in this part of town. There is a used bookstore to his right, a tiny coffee shop next to it, and an honest-to-god cobbler to the left. Dean scans the storefronts on the opposite side of the street. His gaze flits over an insurance agent and a place advertising psychic readings and stops on a music store.
Dean chuckles as he pulls the door shut behind them. “You can pretty much presume you get dibs on the good parking spaces when you’re the first one here. Charlie’s on her way, but Garth has to work and Benny’s got something going on with the family.”
Although Dean is normally affectionate, he’s been extra physical today as if he’s trying to give Cas constant reassurance. It’s definitely appreciated. Cas can’t forget that there will likely be dozens of people wanting to touch him tonight and the thought makes his stomach clench uncomfortably. Having Dean by his side may be the only thing that helps him make it through.
“Do you want a drink? There are a few bottles of beer left.” That was obviously not what Ash was expecting, because he looks even more nervous now. “I was led to believe you liked beer, but I also have wine, orange juice, milk, or water if you’d prefer.”
Ash grins widely, crawling over to look down into the box. “Buddy of mine runs sound at a club in San Jose. He was doin’ a set there, so I took it down and got backstage.”
Ben is standing a few feet away from the GTO, his body folded into Jess’ arms. A large pile of pallets is strewn across the pavement in front of the the car. A sick feeling settles in Dean’s stomach. He rushes across the lot, eyes scanning the side of the immaculately restored vehicle. There are no marks that he can see, but there could be scratches that are hidden by the shadows.
They walk hand-in-hand, enjoying the unseasonable warmth along with the crowds of window shoppers brought out by the break in the weather. Dean lets his mind wander as they walk until Cas is pulling him to a stop in front of a small storefront.
Dean shifts Ben on his shoulders and continues to watch the gate. Missouri offered to keep Ben for him after school, but the boy was adamant that he wanted to see the airport. He's been chattering nonstop about jetliners and fuselages since they arrived.
Dean and Charlie exchange glances but nod without comment. Pushing off the wall, Dean lets the embrace of the water pull him under. The warm-up is comforting, and they are twenty minutes into a series of sprints—butterfly for Dean and backstroke for Charlie—when Jess comes in leading her class. The parents trail after them, three holding babies, plus a handful of toddlers and preschoolers. John is going to blow a gasket.
Dean shrugs. “Okay.” When Dean looks over at Cas, he’s watching them with a somber expression. Charlie leans in, saying something into Cas’ ear, but she’s watching them too. Fuck. “Let’s get this over with.” He stalks toward the old barn, not turning to see if Donnie is following.
“It’s fine, dad. Let them do their tests.” Dean looks at where Charlie grasps his hand. “The sooner I rest up and get checked out, the sooner I’ll be back in the pool, okay?”
“Oh, yeah, baby, hungry for something only you can give me,” Dean jokes back in his worst porno voice. He rolls until Cas is trapped under him and dips to suck greedily at Cas’ neck. “Now that it’s summer, I can mark you up all I want,” he adds with a predatory growl.
“Four years. At first, he thought I’d try to get him to give up the band, but they’re his family. I couldn’t imagine Raph without
. Cas’ fingers spasm, but he doesn’t pull away. Dean can’t bring himself to look at him, so he keeps his eyes on Ben as he tries to figure out how to explain. “Uh, well, me and Ash, we used to like each other that way, in the special way, before you were born.”
Cracking his eyes just a slit, he looks up at the blank canvas sitting on his easel near the door. He can almost feel her hand as it engulfed his, showing him how to make gentle strokes against the paper rather than the bold swatches of color he always started with. Her touch was one of the only ones he could bear and for as long as he can remember she used her hands only to soothe and teach and nurture, never to hurt or scold. That touch, the feeling of his hand in hers, is yet another thing he’ll never have again.
Meg is closest to the line of hooks where the children hang their coats, so she strolls over to look. She leans over to slide her hand into the space between the last cubby and the wall, coming up with a slightly dusty Benson. “Crap falls down there all the time,” she says flippantly, tossing the dog to Dean.
There’s a hiccup, then a soft, “yes,” before Castiel scoots around the edge of the desk and peers into the opening. The boy is pressed against the front wall of the desk, his dark head facing away from Castiel, the book clutched in one small hand. For a moment, Castiel forgets how to breathe. This could be the boy from his paintings. His dark brown hair is styled into close cropped waves and his ears peek out just so. Castiel has seen the back of his head what feels like a thousand times. He finds that he can’t remember what he was going to say, so he reaches down and lightly snaps the band on his wrist. He’s sure Meg would agree this incident counts as an example of what she terms his ‘creepy soul stare.’
Dean gives him a light peck as soon as the door closes behind him. “I was afraid I wouldn’t see you tonight.”
Dean nods, thankful for something to distract him from the seething thoughts whirling around in his head. “He loved it. Bobby said that if we can find other costumers, he would back me opening a restoration business out of the shop.”
“Cookies for bednight snack,” Ben responds, shucking his clothes as Dean adjusts the water temperature in the tub.
Dean’s hands are shaking when he pulls up Cas’ contact. It rings and rings, every empty electronic sound drilling into Dean’s chest. When Cas’ greeting comes on, the sound of his deep gravelly voice almost brings Dean to tears.
Dean freezes with a fry halfway to his mouth and raises his eyes to Castiel’s face. “Why would I do that?” he asks, pretending he doesn't see the heat in the other man's direct, challenging gaze.
“No,” Cas says forcefully, his eyes reproachful. “Jess and I are going to take Ben for a walk and you are going to pull your shit together.” He doesn’t wait for Dean to respond, just scoops Ben up in his arms and walks off into the junk yard. He’s talking softly to Ben, who has his head pressed to Cas’ shoulder. Jess gives him a wide eyed look before she turns and follows.
When they come through the back door, Sam creates a diversion long enough to allow Dean to slip up the back stairs to the bathroom unnoticed. Everyone is sitting around the big dining room table, Ash included, when he comes back down, dry-eyed and stoic. He takes the open seat next to Ben even though it puts him directly across the table from Ash. Ash acts like nothing is wrong, but Dean can’t bring himself to meet his eyes.
Vague muttering and the clack of hangers accompanies Dean’s rummaging through the closet. He emerges holding a short-sleeve burgundy linen shirt and holds it up to Cas’ chest. The color is striking with his black jeans, but he knows that the sleeves are short enough that not only will the tattoos on his wrists be visible, so will the bottoms of the wings on his triceps. He frowns and raises worried eyes to Dean’s.
Cas starts to step forward, already anticipating the meltdown that is about to occur. Dean is right beside him and for a moment, Cas wonders if he should hold back and wait for Dean to handle it. Dean is Ben’s father, after all, not Cas.
Dean claws his way back out of sleep. He stares at the ceiling. Ecru? Eggshell? Still the same off-white it has always been. Dean stretches, raising his arms above his head. Normally, toe touches are good to loosen his back, but putting his head below his heart isn't the best idea at the moment. Instead, he grips his knees one at a time, pulling first one leg and then the other up to his chest.
Arms wrap around his waist, startling him. Strong legs kick alongside his, pushing him upwards. And then they’re breaking the surface. Despite the humidity, cool air rushes across his face, and Dean pulls in long, rasping gasps of breath. Charlie still has hold of him, pushing them toward the wall where John bends over the edge. John is waving, yelling something, but Dean can’t make out the words over the splashing and the wall of music inside his head.
“That wasn’t a judgment, Dean. Just an observation.” She tugs a small strip of cloth off her wrist and uses it to pull her long blond hair into a messy ponytail on top of her head, then narrows her eyes and adds, “You look tired.”
Dean rolls away to grab his phone off the nightstand, then groans dramatically. “I told Ellen I’d be there by noon, but the party doesn’t officially start until one. You must have really worn me out because it’s almost ten now.”
“I mean it, Cas. We haven’t known each other very long, but you’ve become a friend, not just Ben’s teacher. It would be great if you could have Christmas with us.” Cas is staring at him, eyes glistening with emotion, and Dean can’t look away even if he wants to. He stares right back, willing Cas to give in.
So where does that leave him? He’s finally back to a place where he feels in control of his life and his choices. Dean and everything that happened with Ash at Christmas threw that control for a loop temporarily, but he’s back to a stable position. Although he wouldn’t admit it to Dean, there is still some concern that Dean and Ash aren’t really as done as Dean says they are. So although he can admit that he loves Dean, he’s not completely convinced that his feelings are enough to weather whatever will happen if Ash ever decides to come back to Lawrence.
Castiel looks down to where his fingers are intertwined with Will’s. It feels good to not have the urge to pull away from him, but Castiel doesn’t particularly want to take the risk of walking into a place with Will that he so closely associates with Dean. It seems immature to feel that way, but he can’t shake it. He just isn’t sure how to say that without making it sound like he doesn’t want to extend their time together.
Building the image slowly, he coaxes the colors into the contours he wants. It’s slow and painstaking to shift and blend the paints this way, and he has to stop to stretch and change the album twice before he’s satisfied with his work. The beginning shapes and shadows of an ancient magical forest are awakening on the canvas. The ghostly silhouette of an evil witch searches the trees for her prize, not realizing that the boy she seeks is crouched under a stump at her feet.
Carl opens the door of the CR-V and allows Cas to climb into the driver’s seat. “I like this,” he says, manipulating all of the dials. “Everything is laid out well, so I can reach it.” He climbs out and walks around the outside of the car, opening doors and lifting the back hatch. “What is the gas mileage like?” he asks.
“We’ll go out and test-drive some stuff,” Dean offers, determinedly ignoring the little voice in his head whispering that maybe Cas’ new boyfriend, or whatever he is, might want to take him car shopping. Cas barely mentions the guy, but Dean knows they’ve been on a couple of dates. Thankfully, Ben’s groggy voice from the back seat distracts him before he can continue down his usual nauseating path of wondering if they’re fucking.
Fully aware that Ben already had a milkshake tonight, Dean opens his mouth to protest, then thinks better of it. Ben has two cookies and milk for snack before bed every night. Tonight is definitely not the night to mess up that routine, no matter how much sugar he’s already consumed. “Of course, buddy, cookies and milk, like always.”
“So then there’s no reason not to go to parent night.” Sam sits back and takes a long drink of his beer, not looking at Dean.
“No one ever does.” She jumps down off the windowsill and takes his hand. “Better get you home so you can wallow for a while.”
“Sure thing, man. When I get some free time, I’ll get started on the body work. Not a whole lotta decisions until we get that stuff done. I let you know how it’s goin’.”
He walks over the yoga mat spread on the floor, but instead of moving into his first pose, he just lays down on the mat, arms at his sides and stares up at the ceiling. The music starts, the first song a soft piano intro that is melancholic even without the raw vocals that follow. He closes his eyes and lets the unfamiliar melody, with its tale of lost love and connections broken, wash over him.
“Flatterer,” Dean says with a chuckle, but his cheeks redden at the compliment. “Go. Sit down, and I’ll be right out. Salad is already on the table.”
The doctor chuckles. “Yes, it appears so. There are other more invasive tests we can do, but I’m not recommending them right now. If he has these episodes more than once or twice a month—or is unconscious for more than a second or two—have your family doctor order more tests. But for now, you’re fine to take him home.”
Gabriel, unfortunately, has no such restraint. “Cassie,” he says, throwing his arms around Castiel and squeezing despite the way Castel tenses. “The clean Kansas air must be good for you. You look good, bro.”
The door behind him creaks and Dean turns as his grandmother comes into the room. “I thought your young man might join us today,” she says, walking over to sit on the bed. Her blond hair is pulled back in a bun, and wrinkles radiate from the corners of her eyes, but she’s as beautiful as ever. Dean sees Mary every time she smiles.
The sharp sting of the rubber band on his wrist does nothing to help. He taps the reply icon to bring up the on-screen keyboard. His thumb hovers over the letters, not sure what he even wants to say. Missing Ben’s party seem indefensible, but he’s not sure he can go when he’s still so confused. He’s not even sure if Ash will be there. Has he gone back to California yet? Dean never mentioned how long he was going to be in town. Would seeing them together again provide any more closure to his doubts than he already has? Dean always acts like he has Ash under control, but it’s clear from Saturday night that he doesn’t.
The words feel strangled in Dean’s throat, but he forces them out. “So why haven’t you called him back? You don’t want to come home?”
She grins and bounces away, passing Dean on his way back to the table, and Castiel sees her give him a wink and a thumbs up. Dean is still shaking his head when he slides into his chair. “What was that all about?”
“He put on the suit, but he's complaining that it pinches his ankles, and he doesn't want to wear the helmet because it hits his ears. Did you even try it on him?”
“He’s screwing with you, Clarence. Jesus Christ, Balthazar, do you have to get him going?” she mutters, her eyes scrunched closed.
Dr. Moseley holds up her hand again. “Think about it. I don’t need an answer for a few weeks. Think it through and let me know.” She reaches into her pocket and comes up with a business card.
“Oh, honey,” Charlie forces out with gasps of breath, “you poor thing. Jo isn’t Dean’s girlfriend. They grew up together. She’s more like a little sister to him than anything. Dean is depressingly single at the moment.”
Hot water soothes the aches in Dean’s muscles, but it does nothing for the tightness in his chest. He picks out a shirt with a high enough collar to hide the purple splotch on his collarbone. Chad was more aggressive than Dean prefers, but it was nice to let go. He feels a slight twinge of regret for deleting the other man’s number before he pushes it away. John thought nothing of paying a random frat boy to stay away from Dean. He can’t imagine what John would do to sabotage an actual relationship.
Dean is making a major effort of trying to calm his raging hard-on, but the image conjured by Cas’ words has him fully hard again in a split second. The thought of all the noises Cas might make, his husky voice ragged with screams of pleasure, makes Dean think about dragging him down the hallway anyway. Ben’s always been a heavy sleeper once he’s out.
Aha, Dean sees where this conversation is going now. Ellen tricked him by coming at it from behind, but it’s a well-worn topic. Since Mary Winchester isn’t here to mother her sons, Ellen is more than happy to take up the mantle.
While Dean drives to the next lot, Cas puts two stickers on Ben’s index card. There’s a short disagreement over whether one of them is Pluto or the moon, but everything is sorted out by the time they pull up in front of the building.
Dean recognizes the out that Cas is giving him, a way to deflect the situation back onto solid ground. He grasps at it like a lifeline. “Ah, just let me get a couple out and we’ll see how they are.”
Dean chuckles, using his hand on Castiel’s arm to guide him into the living room. “Trivial Pursuit, man. It’s a tradition. Sam and Jess always pick each other, so the three of us end up divvying up the elderly,” Dean explains, stopping next to the couch. He still doesn’t release his gentle grip on Castiel’s arm. “But this year, we have enough people for three on each team.”
“If you think Ben isn’t ready, that’s your right, Dean,” Cas says soothingly, even though he believes that Ben would flourish at the camp. He has volunteered as a counselor several times during his years in Lawrence and he’s seen how good they are about accommodating the children. “Some of these camps aren’t until August. That’s four months away, so it wouldn’t hurt to take a brochure just in case you think he’s ready by then.”
“It was kind of a last-minute thing,” Ash adds quietly without any of his usual cockiness. Though Bobby isn’t Ash’s father, he’s always treated Ash like a son. In a weird twist of fate, Ash gives Bobby way more respect than he ever did Bill Harvelle.
Castiel isn’t like anyone Dean has ever met. He’s brash and funny and, even though they’re strangers, he looks at Dean as if Dean matters. Dean has spent hours replaying their meal, and it’s easy to imagine Castiel would be pleased if Dean showed up again. That’s why he hasn’t gone.
Dean slumps back in his chair and closes his eyes. He should have known better than to pin his hopes on this. He listens while she flips through his chart.
Finally, Dean nods slightly to himself and pushes the menu away before leaning back a little bit in his chair. The dim overhead lights bathe half his face in soft shadows and for just a moment Castiel can’t believe he’s actually here, on a date with this man. Then Dean smiles shyly and the spell is broken.
The storm takes a long time to pass, at least for Dean. Gradually, his sobs weaken to soft snuffles against his father’s shirt and stop. John still doesn’t let go of him. He’s murmuring something, his voice deep waves of sound. It’s been a long time—years? decades?—since John hugged him. Before the accident, it had been months since John had touched him other than to correct his technique.
On that note, I've been thinking about commissioning some artwork to go along with this story as a present to myself for finishing it. If you have any ideas about which scenes you'd like to see captured or suggestions for artists that do commissions, leave me a comment here or drop me a message on
“There’s another present,” he says, continuing to dig through the piles of open presents and discarded wrapping paper.
“Yeah.” Dean curls in to drag his lips across Cas’ throat, mouth ticking up into into a smile. “You are.” He settles his weight against Cas’ chest, allowing Cas to pull him back up to his mouth. They kiss for a while, trading soft, breathy moans until Dean realizes he’s getting hard.
Despite her loathing for exercise of any kind, Meg was in the crowd surrounding the finish line when Castiel finished his first marathon twelve years ago. Since then, she’s only missed two of more than a dozen marathons. He has also completed several half-marathons and shorter races, but it is the dedication required for the long runs that draws him.
Dean figures he should probably feel guilty for bailing as soon as the conversation picks back up around him, but he really doesn’t. He’s still wrapping his head around the fact that this is his house now, that he and Cas are together for the long term. Babies are certainly not something he’s prepared to contemplate.
Guilt begins to seep in, weighing him down. Losing his temper and yelling at Ben is one thing, but not owning up to his mistake when Ben was right smacks too much of old John Winchester to sit well with Dean. He gathers up both bottles and trudges back to Ben’s room.
. It’s about giving up, laying down and letting the dark take you. I thought for a while that’s what I’d end up doing.”
“That’s it,” Meg snaps, slamming one hand down on the island so hard that the batter-covered fork flips off the counter onto the floor. Juliet is quick to clean it up for her. “If pushing away the people who care about you is what you’re into these days, you’re just going to have to get the fuck over yourself. I can’t stop you from pushing Dean away, but I can damn well stop you from doing it to us.”
Ash shrugs. “Maybe. Probably. Guess we’ll never know. When push came to shove, though, he picked John the second time too, so who knows. I was such a dumbass for thinkin’ I could have it all. I shoulda never left.” He gives Cas a wry smile. “But I guess that’s a moot point now, huh? I’m just a habit that he’s kept up because he gets lonely. I’ve known that for a while now. You, though, he freakin’ lights up when he talks about you. You give him something that I haven’t been able to for a long time.”
, Ash glances over at Dean, who pretends not to notice. Dean has mentioned Cas to Ash a couple of times, so he knows Ash knows exactly who Ben is talking about. He hasn’t alluded to anything more than a new friendship with Ben’s teacher, but Ash isn’t dense. He knows Dean better than anyone, even Sam. Thankfully, though, he doesn’t comment.
Ash’s brows pull together in confusion. “Gotta admit. Wasn’t really expectin’ you to roll out the welcome mat. Figured a punch in the face was more likely.”
The swirl of brightly lit planets and stars moves around the room, casting shadows over Dean as he strums his guitar. No matter how often Cas hears Dean sing, it’s so easy to get lost in the smoky timbre of his voice. Every so often, Dean looks up and catches Cas’ eye. He smiles so easily, so honestly, that it makes Cas’ breath catch.
Dean wants nothing more than to pull Cas against him and fall asleep, but they’re still filthy and dried come is no one’s friend so he eeks out a few more minutes before forcing himself up. He pulls on his boxers and t-shirt, wincing at the way it sticks to his chest, then grimaces. “I’ll get something to clean up,” he offers. He pauses at the door, looking back to appreciate the view of Cas lying sated in his bed, a dopey smile curving his lips.
Gabe wraps the towel around his head like a turban and takes another swallow of his beer. “You should be a surrogate or something. Rent that beautiful womb out and then we’ll just pass the rugrats onto Cassio. Ben’s lookin’ old enough to be a great big brother.”
“The workout makes the champion,” John responds, his voice low and angry. Dean slows to a lazy glide and instead of flipping to push off the wall, he treads water. John’s eyes narrow as he stares at Charlie, who floats on her back in her lane. “If he hasn’t got the drive to be an Olympic athlete—”
on the side. Dean’s soft gasp is almost drowned out by Ben’s yelp of delight. He immediately starts rambling, touching the side of each box and listing what sounds like electronics components.
“Nah, we both figured we’d never keep that goin’. We both dated other people, but pretty much like high school, when he comes around and neither of us are involved, we hook up.”
Cas hums again and Dean isn’t sure what it means, what Cas thinks of his answer. Another few puffs of air and Dean loses any interest in the train of their conversation when Cas leans down and licks a slow, wet swash across the pucker. “Oh, fuck, Cas, do that again.”
She nods and motions for him to follow her out of the lounge. “They were pretty serious for a while. Even moved in together after Ash came back from college,” she explains.
gotten laid was when her son visited from California last Christmas. Jo may be the little sister he never wanted, but his relationship with Ash has always been distinctly un-brotherly.
Technically, Dean has a key and going into the center at night isn’t unheard of. He and Charlie used to do their workouts in the gym after hours when the center closed early, but Dean has never been here this late.
“Dean,” Sam retorts, his voice holding both sadness and rebuke. “You know that isn’t what’s going on.” He sits up on the chair and swings his legs over the side so he can face Dean.
He climbs to his feet and waves at Charlie before heading for the lobby. Gwen is at the desk, but she’s busy with a family, so Dean walks out the doors and stands on the sidewalk. Crisp morning air laced with the sweet scent of crape myrtle fills his lungs. He wants to move, to shake off the weird restlessness, but he has a low-grade fear of getting lost again. With the address of the house programmed into his GPS as
The man nods as if Castiel’s words actually make sense. “Well, you’re here tonight in the present. Good music and,” he motions toward himself, “good company.”
Cas steps up beside Dean and Bobby turns to face him. Though he’s sure the older man would deny it, his eyes are glistening with emotion. “You’re a good man, Cas. A real good man.”
“I don’t like the green things,” Ben complains with a pout as Dean measures the oregano into the bowl of ground beef.
“See, that’s what I mean, Dean. You’ve been like a hermit since Lisa. It’s worse than it was when Ash left.”
Growing up, he’d always wanted a dog. He remembers asking, begging, but his father always said no. Every time, his mother would curl up on his bed with him as he cried about his father’s unfairness, her soft hands stroking his hair. She told him once, when he was old enough to understand, that she wanted a dog too, that she’d always had one growing up. Cas couldn’t have been more than eleven or twelve, but he remembers thinking for the first time that maybe his mother didn’t like his father’s rules any more than he did.
He’s told Cas enough about his childhood, about John, for the other man to realize that anger issues are kind of a Winchester trait. Maybe this is it, the thing that makes Cas realize that Dean isn’t the kind of person he wants to be with. Fear claws icily up his back. Maybe that’s what Cas is telling Jess right now, getting advice on how to leave Dean. It’s not like Dean hasn’t been waiting for the other shoe to drop.
At first, Dean isn’t sure what Cas is going to do, but he just leans in and licks a sloppy stripe up the underside of Dean’s cock before sucking gently on the head. Heat rockets through Dean, but before he can bring his hands up grip Cas’ hair, the man pulls off and leans away again. “Pick something,” he says, his voice rough. “We don’t have a lot of time before you have to get to Ben, but pick something to try out.”
Dean nods. “We got another lot left today. They’ve got a Santa Fe that’s a pretty similar size. If you still like the CR-V better, we’ll just look for some and go look at them next weekend.”
“Heya, Cas,” Dean says with a grin, pulling his chair away from the table to allow Castiel space to slide his chair in. “Good to see ya.”
Dean turns the burner off and snags Cas’ hand to pull him into a hug. Cas’ body is rigid in his arms. “Stop freaking out,” he orders. “It’s fine. It’s not a big deal. We’d love to start spending more time here. Just don’t go overboard.”
Castiel flushes and jumps away from Charlie. Not that he’s given the idea much thought, but this is certainly not the kind of impression he wants to make on Dean’s girlfriend. Her blond hair is loose today, flowing over a black top that hugs her hips but falls off one shoulder far enough to see her bra strap.  Her blue jeans are just shy of obscenely tight and she smells like cigarette smoke and whiskey. Castiel can't help but feel like Jo has more in common with Dean than he ever will and it makes him sad before he tells himself it doesn't matter. He and Dean are just friends.
As soon as the buckles on the restraints are undone, Dean wraps both arms around him, the pressure a welcome weight. Once his breathing slows, he murmurs into Dean’s shoulder, “How did you like it?”
Dean shakes his head, trying to make sense of Ben’s words. “Why wouldn’t they smell right? I washed them, folded them, and put them in your drawer. They’re exactly the same as they always are,” he bites out in exasperation.
Castiel is handing out the stack of chore charts he prepared for the evening’s discussion when the door opens. As Dean and Ben are the only regular participants yet to arrive, Castiel keeps his back to the door so he doesn’t have to watch them walk in. Childish, maybe, but Castiel considers it his prerogative after the way Dean behaved at Christmas. He flicks the band on his wrist once before turning back around.
Cas jerks back with a gasp, eyes flying to her face. She winks broadly and slinks into the crowd with a small smirk. Dean’s shoulders shake with silent laughter as he leads Cas across the room.
He strips off his clothes and throws them in the hamper before pulling on pajama pants and a t-shirt. It’s only May, but it’s already warming up enough that soon he’ll have to switch to shorts and no shirt at night. He turns off the light and rolls over just as the room is illuminated by his phone ringing. More out of habit than anything, he taps to accept the call and holds it to his ear without looking at it.
Finally, Cas meets his eyes. “I shouldn’t have swore in front of Ben,” he says miserably. “I lost my temper.”
Castiel reads Dean’s last text twice. Although Dean’s offer is ridiculous, Castiel is tempted to allow him to come. He shakes his head at his foolishness.
“I thought about what you said and decided that I could do some good with them, rather than just keeping them in a pile in my studio.”
“Yeah, me too, Cas,” Dean growls in response. He scoops Ben up and carries him to the door without looking back. As Ben starts to chatter about his bottle, Dean smiles and responds with something that makes Ben laugh. Castiel is relieved that whatever is bothering Dean doesn’t seem to be affecting his relationship with Ben.
