“Ah, shit,” he mutters angrily, staring down at the skin on his left hand which is bright red and looks as if it may blister.
“Local law enforcements have labelled it as a time-bomb and nothing more, but after further investigation I have discovered that the explosive used was in fact an Improvised Explosive Device – otherwise known as an IED, sir.”
“What’s wrong with my workshop?” he asks with an exaggerated pout. He crosses his arms over his chest and Pepper grins at him and rolls her eyes.
With a loud groan, Steve flings his muscled arms over his face and closes his eyes tightly; willing himself back to sleep. He shouldn’t be thinking like this anymore, not after Tony making his view on the subject
He hangs up before Pepper can say anything else. Tony grabs his bag and phone, exits his car, and locks it over his shoulder as he heads towards the door of the plane. He greets the pilot when he boards and takes his seat quickly. The rest of his 5 hour flight is spent sleeping and going over legal documents and everything that keeps him from thinking too much.
“Of course, Captain Rogers,” responds the AI. Seconds later, Steve’s phone lights up and he grabs it off of the bedside locker and opens the domuments that have been sent. After doing a quick scan of them, Steve frowns and sits up so that his back is against the headboard. “It doesn’t say what type of explosive was used. Any leads on that?”
“Yes, FRIDAY?” he asks, polite as ever despite having a slight inner meltdown at the thought of having to erase his very large mistake without doing damage to his drawing.
Tony noticeably pales, which is rather worrying because Steve didn’t think Tony could get any paler at the moment, and he stares at the bottle on the table as if it has offended him. Then, seemingly done without much thought, the bottle is slid across the surface of the kitchen table towards Bucky and Tony bites down on the neckline of his shirt and straightens out his fingers all at once, screaming into the fabric through clenched teeth from the pain of it. The action startles both of the super soldiers and leaves them gaping from across the room.
“Tony.” His voice cracks as he says Tony’s name. Tony continues walking, trying to ignore the large blonde directly behind him and the building panic and anger rising within him. “Tony, will you listen to me for a second?”
“Seem familiar, Cap?” Tony chokes out. Steve’s eyes widen and he tears his gaze away quickly. Bucky squints in confusion and increases the pressure of his arm on Tony’s windpipe.
“Y’know, you’re everythin’ I hate about people all put together into one billionaire,” says the unwelcome guest. He shifts on the couch and flexes the fingers of his metal arm, which increases Tony’s oncoming panic attack ten-fold. “But what I’m startin’ to learn about this new life is that no one is how they seem anymore. Somethin’ tells me that you’re one of the finest examples of that there is.”
Tony seems to snap out of his daze in less than a second and his eyes harden. “I’m not a hero, Cap. I stopped pretending to be one a long time ago.”
“No, I don’t. I wish I did, but I don’t anymore. It all seems so pointless to me now. There’s just going to be more pain and suffering after this, and I’ll have to get better all over again and put on a strong face that no one fucking believes anymore, and for what? Nothing matters. I’m a burden, and a pain, and I’m tired of acting like everything is okay when it’s
Tony merely pouts and Rhodey huffs in irritation and turns back around in his seat. They round the corner and Natasha rolls down the window to let the facial recognition scanner do its thing before they are granted access to the Tower’s underground car park. An idea strikes Tony so suddenly that he feels a little woozy, probably from a combined mixture of blood loss and the rapid speed in which his thoughts are running around in his mind. He is so invested in his thoughts that he doesn’t register that the car has stopped moving until Natasha opens the back door and raises an eyebrow at him.
Steve is on his and Bucky’s floor, curled up on the sofa in the living room with his sketchpad laying on his lap and his pencils surrounding him, when FRIDAY’s voice suddenly fills the apartment and he jumps. It creates a large pencil mark across his drawing and Steve groans unhappily, which prompts a laugh out of Bucky, who is grinning at him from behind his book at the other end of the couch.
“Actually,” says Bucky in a disgruntled tone. “That’s my vodka.” He shrugs when Steve turns to look at him incredulously. “What? I like the taste.”
Tony sits in silence for the next ten minutes of the journey until he finally decides to call Pepper, knowing she won’t be happy at being woken up this early in the morning. The call rings for five long, agonizing seconds until the phone is finally picked up and Pepper grumbles, “You never can call at a reasonable hour, can you?”
“Then tell me what the hell you were thinking when you told the CEO of a company that has expressed interest in a multi-billion dollar partnership that he ‘must have stuck his company up his ass because of how shit it is’
Tony blinks. He expected Barnes to make a big case and to blame Tony for overreacting in Siberia. A simple apology is unexpected, and yet it holds more sincerity than any spiel Barnes could have produced. Tears bead at the corners of Tony’s eyes and he sniffs.
“Fair enough,” concedes Natasha with a nod. “Do what’s best for you, Tony. We only wanted to see if you would like to give him a message.”
Natasha ducks under the rope and, with a sigh, walks to her corner of the ring. “You’re lucky you’re pretty, Tony.” She plucks a stray piece of fluff from her shirt as Tony climbs in after her. “And to say that I knew would be a lie because I don’t know what you actually did to yourself, but I do know that it wasn’t a simple healing serum. Whether you continue to keep it a secret or not is up to you.”
Tony shuts off the TV using his Stark Pad as he walks around his kitchen aimlessly, typing rapidly and scanning over plans for future energy devices as he goes around in slow circles. The microwave continues to hum lowly in the background as it heats up some leftover pizza he ordered the night before. A smile appears on Tony's lips as he remembers the expression on the teenager’s face when Tony opened the door to accept the pizza, and how the kid’s face only grew more hilariously shocked when Tony handed him an extremely generous tip before closing the door.
. I will not listen to you for a second because I already know what you’re going to say. You’re going to say that we can make this work, that you’ll stay with me and help me through whatever I’m going through. But guess what, Steve?  Love doesn’t fix everything. You mean well - you always do - but your love is not what I need right now. I need space and time and you’re not giving me that. You need to let us, let
“Don’t think I’m going to go easy on you again,” she says as they walk side-by-side to the elevator. Tony splutters and turns to look at her incredulously.
Tony flinches like he’s been slapped. “Sorry, Pep. I guess I just don’t really know what else to do.”
The bathroom door down the hall opens and out walks Steve. He locks eyes with Tony and they both freeze. Steve’s eyes drift to the picture on the wall and his eyes are softer when he looks at Tony again.
“I’m not sure,” she replies, voice equally as soft. “They took him into surgery straight away, and said something about a possible punctured lung and internal bleeding. I’ve been here since then. I’m glad you came, Tony.”
Tony curses silently and nods his head. Clint looks at him momentarily before he looks straight ahead once more, admiring the view. They remain there for another while in peaceful silence and though Tony is as anxious and tense as ever, he thinks he could grow used to peaceful silences amongst team mates rather than always having to talk and joke around. At least this way he doesn’t have to worry about what to say next. He almost forgets that Clint is there until he turns to grin at Tony, his previous sadness seemingly washed away, but Tony knows better. He also knows better than to say anything and allows Clint this distraction from whatever problems he must be having.
“I’m fine!” yells Tony, panicked. He will not have Barnes, of all people, seeing him at his most vulnerable. He downright refuses. “Get out! Leave!”
“Something needs to be done about him,” says Clint to break the deafening silence amongst the rest of the Avengers, who are now standing awkwardly around the communal floor. They have remained in silence for the better part of an hour, which was long enough for Wanda to return and immediately start to worry about what happened while she was out.
The fifth chapter of this fic was (and still is, I think?) the most successful chapter in this work. Up until then, the number of comments was increasing and then hit an all-time high at the fifth. I was elated. For once, I thought my writing was good enough to be enjoyed by so many people and that maybe I could achieve my goals after all.
“No doubt trying to put their miraculous plan into effect,” sneers Tony. He pushes himself up from his stool and, for the first time in however many days, abandons his frantic researching and his workshop to head up to the communal floor.
Tony wraps an arm around her shaking shoulders and squeezes lightly. “Of course I came,” he says. “You and Happy... you’re family, Pep. I’d do anything for either of you. Same with Rhodey, same with-” Tony cuts himself off abruptly, unable to finish that sentence.
“I got Dum-E to rip them off,” Tony lies. He feels disappointed with himself at how easy lying comes to him, but he will do anything to keep Pepper and Rhodey with him. Telling them about Extremis will only drive them away once and for all. “I was working on a healing serum, but I never got a chance to test it out until now. As it turns out, it works like a charm.”
Tony doesn’t have to explain who he means when he says ‘them’, Bucky catches on pretty quickly. Tony gets slammed into the wall because of that remark, but he honestly expected a lot worse so he takes it with a small grunt.
“You know I didn’t mean it like that,” says the blonde quietly. Tony grunts in response, so Steve speaks again. “You know a lot of things – about science, about business... about me.”
!” exclaims Natasha, keeping up the act even though her eyes clearly display the amusement she is trying to hide. Tony laughs again, and he marvels at how easy it comes to him now. Back in the Tower, he could barely even smile without some form of alcohol or drug in his system.
“Buck, stop it!” yells Steve. Barnes ceases slamming Tony against the wall, but he keeps an iron tight grip on Tony’s shirt. His forearm is pressed against Tony’s throat when Steve comes up behind Bucky, and Tony can’t help but start laughing at the cruel joke that life has apparently decided to play on him.
get away,” says Tony. He ignores the eyes of the others as he flicks his wrists and holds his arms out, waiting for his armour to fly from the workshop and attach itself to his body. Tony finds comfort in the cool air blowing against his face as it serves to calm the rapid beating of his heart. He hasn’t stepped foot inside the Iron Man armour since the events of the Accords. Looking at the red and gold helmet brought back too many painful memories of friends lost and relationships broken, and Tony just
Bruce opens his mouth, presumably to explain what Tony actually meant, but Steve speaks before he can say anything. “We wouldn’t be asking if we weren’t desperate,” he says, eyes once again on Tony. Tony feels his throat tightening and his chest constricting, and he knows that his hand is shaking in Bruce’s grip. “Please, Tony.”
Tony tries, in vain, to get the assassin to admit that she knows the truth but Natasha is anything if not stubborn and continues to play the innocence card all the way down to the gym floor. It’s not until they reach the sparring mats that she finally seems to crack.
Pepper nods and turns to head out the glass doors. At the foot of the stairs, because she prefers to take them rather than the elevator for some unknown reason, she falters in her step and looks back at Tony over her shoulder.
“For what it’s worth,” he says slowly. “I’m sorry. I hope you can understand that I never wanted to hurt anyone, but I know that I have. Their blood is on my hands. All I can do is apologise.”
Bucky flips Steve the middle finger and pushes himself away from the doorway to walk back to his room, grinning as Steve’s laughter echoes down the hall. Once Steve hears Bucky’s bedroom door close, his smile vanishes and he chews on his bottom lip anxiously. He feels guilty for lying to his best friend, especially when said best friend is still recovering from being brainwashed and probably wouldn’t take it very well if he found out the one person he was meant to trust lied to him, but he knows that Bucky would disapprove and think that Steve is only doing this to get back into Tony's good books. It's not a complete lie, but Steve also knows that if Tony is right about Spymaster then neither he nor Happy nor Pepper will be safe until the villain is captured. Steve only hopes with all of his might that Bucky will forgive him, and then he goes back to researching.
Tony eyes her suspiciously. “Yeah, the decision is mine up until you pull your weird super-spy shit and find out for yourself.”
A long, awkward silence ensues. Tony feels oddly satisfied with his outburst, even if the look on Steve’s face tugs painfully at his heartstrings. He has said what he has needed to say for quite a while and, according to various articles, that’s one of the first steps to recovery or inner peace or some other bullshit. Tony knows that Steve needed to hear it as much as he needed to say it but, looking into Steve’s sad eyes, he feels his certainty turn to doubt. Tony goes to leave, cradling his burnt hand close to his chest as he turns on his heel, but Steve follows.
Between the four of them, they have the most high-tech paintball gear ever invented.  There are jumpsuits.  Tactical gear.  Guns.  Bows.  Arrows.  A variety of the most creative paintballs Steve and Tony could imagine.  Face guards.  For Natasha, a cane with a built in paintball gun.  For Clint, a duel-cam bow with Tony-Stark levels of flare.
The front doors bang open and more security files in from outside, only not Hammer security.  They’re all dressed in much darker colors, with eagle patches on their shoulders, and guns in their hands.
It’s a little anticlimactic as far as instructions to blow up a hill go, but they aren’t here for the fun of it.
Steve smiles, then it fades to something more pensive. "Can I ask you something? If it's not private or -- I'll understand if you can't say." Steve pushes his hand over his hair, mussing it up. "It's just that he seems so much like Bucky. Like the Bucky I knew. I can’t tell you how many times my ma described him that way-- full of personality."
He towels off, dresses, then walks out of the bathroom to greet a quiet house.  The feeling of unease in his chest only intensifies as he turns on the coffee maker and starts making pancakes alone.
She walks Tony the few feet back to Steve’s room, where he can see through the open door that Steve’s fast asleep again.
They’ve all been drinking while Rhodey tells his story, so by the time Steve asks a few follow up questions Pepper is swaying slightly in her seat.  By the time Rhodey answers them, Rhodey is too.
“You’ll have it,” Steve says. “Everything I just said is mine to give, and there’s no one else I want to give it to. Only you.”
Steve laughs. “I think my previous therapist would disagree. I didn’t want to talk to her. I didn’t have anything to motivate me. Now I do.”
A few hours pass in near silence before they get to the right town and it’s on the other side of that town, past the outskirts, up a lengthy, steep climb, that they find their temporary home. The small chalet could have easily been the inspiration for the evil witch’s cottage in the Hansel and Gretel story. It’s gingerbread brown, with icing white window shutters and dozen of suncatchers dangling like colorful glass candy. There’s a balcony that stretches all around, but only a few windows.
“They weren’t your equals,” Steve objects.  “Sean and Shayla and the rest of them were so far beneath you they might as well have been worms.  And Pepper wasn’t an asshole.”
The continual upgrade of the medical equipment in the Quinjet is a direct reflection of just how much the thought of losing a teammate terrifies Tony.
“Will you stay here tonight?” Tony asks.  It’s strange to hear Tony so plaintive.  “I don’t... I know i told you to leave but I’m not sure I’ll go if I don’t have someone...”
“I think that sounds entirely doable,” Tony agrees.  “JARVIS could help you with the paperwork and with setting up a foundation.  He’s pretty much an expert at charitable giving.”
“Would you mind if I ask you a question?” Bruce asks. “And even if you agree to let me ask it, if you don’t want to answer it, that’s all you need to say. I won’t be upset or disappointed or angry.”
Part of what Tony loves about his new found family is that they don’t look at him like he’s batshit crazy-- the way most everyone else in his life has looked at him since he was old enough to express ideas out loud.  These guys roll with it.
“We’re friends,” Tony repeats.  He’s known for a long time how much he likes Steve.  He’s always been a little unsure about how Steve feels about him.
Steve’s SHIELD mandated therapist assures him he’ll feel better eventually.  That he’ll ‘move on, in time’.  Steve kind of wants to be a smart ass and remind the guy he’s pretty sure ‘moving through time’ is the crux of his problem but he keeps his mouth shut.  Both to the shrink and to Stark.
Steve's expression grows cautious. “I swear you’ll get the whole story but just..." Steve pauses. There's something in his eyes Tony recognizes as anxiety. Guilt, too. And maybe a little panic.
“We’re the good guys here,” Steve says. “And you do still have your gun, right? I don’t want you to feel like we’ve got you here against your will. You have my permission to shoot me if I suddenly get all... nefarious.”
“I’m the one who introduced Clint to an old friend who remained in HR at Stark Industries. I thought you could use some looking after.  I’ve known Obadiah Stane as long as I knew your father and I thought-- thought he might be up to no good. I couldn’t have guessed that you and Steve would meet, though.  Or fall in love.  I’m smart but I’m no Fairy-Godmother, Cinderella.”
“We’ve met a few times.  Mostly we email.  You’re lucky to have good people protecting you,” Steve says.
“I’m not trying to fix him,” Bruce sighs. “I’m just trying not to make him any worse. And in the moments when it counts-- when he’s out of it and dangerous-- I’m fucking useless because I’ve got bigger problems to deal with than saying the right thing. Why does anyone come within a mile of me? Fuck.”
James nods and stands to walk over and grab it.  He also seems to use it as an excuse to come eye their new gifts more closely.
“We can take our time,” Steve says. “Find the things we like and get extremely good at them. I am all for practicing over and over and over again, until I get it right.“
There’s another long pause and then a thud. Either Steve’s kicked something or he’s dropped to the floor. Bruce can’t tell.
Tony groans.  (He’s wanted friends for years.  Scratch that.  He’s spent his whole life wanting friends.  And this is what he gets.  These amazing assholes.)
“Would you at least be willing to talk about how you’ve tried to achieve relationship equality in the past?” Dr. Gerber asks, powering through.
Steve flips the television channel away from the breaking news to a documentary about national parks.  He stares at a magazine until his eyes blur.  Tony spends his time tapping on the wrist display of his suit.  Steve doesn’t ask what he’s doing.  He’s just glad Tony’s here.
Steve’s hand stops before it reaches the closet door.  “Well,” Steve says.  “I’ve got clothes in my bag if yours are gone.  We’ll find you something.”
Bruce hadn’t noticed James pulling out guns from anywhere, but now he holds one in each hand. Bruce follows him into the house and while James stalks around checking for danger, Bruce checks the fridge. It’s fully stocked.  There’s also a pile of new clothes on the dining table, which appear to be a random assortment of non-descript athletic pants, plain t-shirts, pajamas, socks and the like.  Exactly what a person who’d been on the run for six weeks would appreciate.
“Ana died when I was ten,” Tony continues.  “Dad wouldn’t let me go to the funeral because he didn’t want pictures of me crying on the front of the newspaper.  Though it might look bad for Stark Industries.  Like I’d grow up weak.
Bucky laughs the loudest at that.   “Giving Steve shit, and you don’t even know him,” Bucky says with a smile.  “I knew I liked you.”
be an ass, he knows he can, but he’s a polite ass at least.  He manages himself fine in public, thank you.  His dead, sainted mother won’t be rolling in her grave over anything he talks about in the company of strangers.
Bruce is trying not to laugh, while the other Avengers stare at the egg Tony’s holding out in his hand.  It’s whole and it has Pepper’s signature on the bottom.
Bruce takes that as a good sign. He stays quiet, letting James acclimate to his surroundings on his own terms.
“That’s what I do,” Tony says.  “Secluded mountain chalet. Stocked kitchen.  Wi-fi.  Killer view.  He’s going to love it.”
“I’ll get Bruce home,” Kate offers. She appears to be the more sober of the two, since she is standing without support.
When Steve looks up at him he’s smiling the sort of genuine, relaxed smile Tony thought only existed in photos taken 70 years before.
Steve hasn’t felt this unsure in a long time. Like there’s no right answer. Like he doesn’t know what he wants or why he’s here or how to use a damn door. He’s almost convinced himself to leave and try this again at a normal hour and also use the bell when the door swings open.
Tony rolls his eyes and grabs for the receipt regardless, but Natasha’s got reflexes like a cat.  She snatches it up and yanks it back.
The first Saturday after Tony tells Steve he wants to come home, they sit together on a loveseat in one of the rehab mansion’s many parlors, facing their new therapist, Dr. Gerber.
“Tash is making hangover stew and fried potatoes. Have a seat,” Sam says. “She gets testy when people get too close to the stove.”
“Is it Pep?” Tony asks.  “If you want in her skirt I wouldn’t blame you, but you should know I don’t think you have the kind of money it takes to keep her in the manner she’s accustomed.”
There’s a rustle of taco paper and then Tony can hear Steve shift around. Steve’s phone light comes on a few seconds later, illuminating the trunk.
The rest of the guys walk out with Rumlow and Steve gets in the elevator for the ride up to Fury’s office.  He should not be surprised when music suddenly swells from the speakers right at the most rousing part of the chorus to The Star Spangled Man With a Plan.
Clint’s presence means Tony and Steve are a little less handsy in washing each other, and it also results in a sort of awkward
Steve looks away.  “I didn’t save them all.  We thought the building was clear.  It wasn’t.  And then the men who escaped went on to shoot up a town square in the next city over.  More people died.   Because of me.”
And since he will never fess up to Tony that he’s been walking the mountainside humming Edelweiss for the last six weeks, it doesn’t matter.
Tony looks surprised.  Then suspicious.  Then something in between that Steve can’t quite comprehend.  Not happy.  That much he knows from the new false smile Tony gives him a second later.  It’s so frustratingly fake Steve wants to shake him.
“It’s not who I ever was,” Tony says with a lot of emphasis and meaning Steve doesn’t completely understand.
The wings comes together fast after that and by around 8 AM when Sam comes bouncing in looking like a kid on Christmas morning, they’re ready for a short test flight.
“That’s my mistake,” Bruce says easily. “And for what it’s worth, I wish I could’ve been more help after New York. It took me some time to get my footing. Things were... tense...”
Thankfully they make it back to tower without Tony saying anything idiotic or embarrassing despite what is now an absolute and undeniable crush.  JARVIS lets them know that Sam and Natasha have returned, and Steve and Tony split up for a bit with plans to meet up with everyone for dinner.
“We met when I was fourteen and I had zero references for what friendship looked like.  It took a lot of hand-holding.  Boat loads of patience.  Rhodey ended up getting real creative with Friendship 101.”
“WIth any luck, none of us are going to need to be involved. JARVIS is going to deal with the copter and Hammer’s security.  You on it, J?”
“Does it-- I know this is rude, but I’ve got to ask,” the male host says.  “Does it affect anything in bed?  The scars?”
“He’s-- Clint’s--” Natasha looks up toward the flames on top of the parking garage where Clint was perched. Steve can see part of it has crumbled. A few cars are teetering over the edge. “Go get him,” Natasha urges.
“I didn’t think you were,” Bruce says. “But can we not do this over the phone?  Come down to the house. I need to get James inside and contact Tony about some medical supplies.”
“Plus there’s always the threat of the ass-kicking Cap would dole out if he thought anyone was messing with you. That shield ain’t just for decoration,” Clint adds. “Though I guess you already know that, huh?.”
“So I was your first?” Tony asks, stepping out of the elevator.  The tease is practically lost in Tony’s exhaustion. “That you’ve helped through a panic attack, I mean.”
Steve gives Tony a grateful smile, and sits down on the carpet with his back against the wall.  Tony sits down next to him, their shoulders resting together.
Pepper is Not Impressed with the KICK ME post-it note, but Tony really has no one else to tag.  He’d have to be a giant asshole to pick on anyone else, because any other employee would feel like they needed to suffer his shit with a smile.  That’s never going to be an issue with Pep.  She gives as good as she gets, and when a scientist down in the lab nervously points out to Tony that he’s got a post-it note on his own back that reads DOES NOT PLAY WELL WITH OTHERS, Tony leaves it there all afternoon.
“What the hell are these?” Clint asks, after unwrapping the first set of bars from their brown paper.  “I watched you eat about a thousand of the silver ones.”
There are milkshakes and more fries and burgers than Steve can count.  And when the meal is over, there are kisses and hugs and more congratulations.
“There’s something we’ve been wanting to tell you,” Pepper says, once they’re seated in front of waffles.
“What’s the other suggestion?” Clint asks, once James has settled into position. “Cause I gotta tell you, I’m really hoping it’s batshit crazy and ends with James wearing yoga pants and balancing on his head.”
“The last time I saw Barton in person, it was because he got himself banned from SoupSoupSoup for abusing the All You Can Drink Soda Machine, and he dropped by the tower to ask if I could buy the place and re-institute his soup privileges.”
James is watching them banter and Bruce can see a hint of a smile there despite some pretty obvious nerves. Clint joins Bruce by the bed and waits for James to give him permission before plopping down on the bed next to him.
Pepper’s got tears in her eyes and Rhodey and Steve both reach over at the same time to hand her their napkins.  She takes Steve’s and pats at her face a few times before placing it on the table, slightly damp.
“I’m not much to look at without it,” Tony says.  He’s sort of scoffing as he says it but Steve knows how admitting that hurts him.
Bruce nods, even if he’s not entirely sure Clint’s assessment is accurate. It’s valid to Clint, and James seems to feel comforted, so Bruce isn’t going to provide further clarification.
“I could have killed you,” James says, but he doesn’t sound miserable about it this time. Mostly just surprised.
“You don’t hand the Science Bros a house full of chemicals and gunpowder unless you’re looking for a show,” Tony explains.
Steve greets anyone who stops by the table cheerfully and only drinks water no matter what he’s offered. He’s not going to go home with Tony, smelling like wine.
like Hitler.  He never hit the real thing.  And he and Hitler were both wearing tights at the time.  My boyfriend created a new element.  He’s been in all the science journals.  Twice.”
After that they talk about more trivial things.  The latest news from SI, some upgrades on JARVIS, an art pad Steve had seen on the internet.
“You need to get out of your own head,” Clint says. “If you don’t want to do that with smutty smut we can go to the paintball range instead.”
It’s all he can do not to take off running for Clint’s place. It’s like the very first hour he was Captain America. Like taking that first breath, with lungs that worked into a body that finally reflected on the outside what Steve had daydreamed about his whole childhood.
The hostess has spotted them and she waves at their favorite waitress, Mae, who carries over a tray full of food.
Clint snags a fry off Steve’s plate, just to be a brat, and dips it in ketchup before shoving it in his mouth. “Just don’t expect the rest of us to be so forgiving.”
“...fuck it,” Pepper repeats quietly, like the concept is foreign and she’s trying it on for size.  She flicks her finger across the screen twice then lets out a long slow breath.  “Right.  Yes.  Fuck it.  Let’s spa.  But first, can we hit up a shoe store?”
“This is why no one sticks around for you, you know that, right?” Jonathan taunts.  “You’re pathetic--”
U and Dum-E chirp happily when Steve enters and then go absolutely bonkers when Tony appears behind him.  U whirs his parts like a cat purring, and Dum-E gives a metallic squeal.  In Dum-E’s haste to get to Tony he catches the edge of a work bench and sends a dozen tools tumbling out of a toolbox in the process.
When the trunk opens and Tony sits up, he has to blink a few times for his eyes to adjust to the bright light of day.
Now it’s Tony’s turn to make a face, though this time he simply looks exasperated.  “Fine.  I’m here for our second official first date.  Get in the damn quinjet.”
“Half a chicken breast isn’t dinner. Eat,” Bucky insists. “We’ve been watchin’ you not eat for a week.”
They’ve been on the path about 10 minutes when Clint’s intuition proves true in the worst possible way. One second James is walking fine and the next he’s on his knees. Bruce is ten or so meters behind him.
“You’re taking this a little too personally,” Tony says.  “Because believe it or not, it’s not about you.  And just because I took an art history class once upon a time, that doesn’t make me some kind of expert.”
“I don’t expect you to think kindly of him,” Steve calls from behind him.  “I don’t expect you’ll ever forgive him.  I don’t even expect that you’ll ever forgive
They lace into their skates, throw on some pads, and hit the rink. Rhodey sticks to the outer edges, skating slow loops to keep warm. Jenny and Tony warm up at center ice, then Tony runs Jenny through drill after drill to work on her skills. She never complains. She never gives him attitude. On the ice, she knows who’s boss.
It’s the first time Steve’s said it outloud to anyone who didn’t already know.  It sounds so simple, even if lately it’s been anything but.
“Yeah but you also trust the guy who filled you up with bullets, so I’m hoping you can see where I’m coming from.”  Sam looks at Tony.  “I’m not trying to be a dick.”
“Why are you smiling like that?” Rhodey asks. “I’m feeling suspicious already.” Rhodey glances around like some kind of secret agent.
If nothing else, the texts paint a definite picture of Steve’s misery. A misery Bruce doesn’t see James ending anytime soon.
“I’d like to talk,” Steve says. “I’ve got some things to say and I want you to hear them. I don’t want to just gloss over all this.”
“I never thought this was going to happen,” Tony says, unable to keep the wonder out of his voice as he joins Steve on the couch.
“Peachy keen, jelly bean,” Tony says.  “Bruce and I are on bomb duty and I thought we might be able to use your old computer for parts.  I didn’t want to do it without asking.”
When Clint makes falsely wounded eyes at her, she gives him a nudge of apology.  They’re quite a pair.  Steve misses when he was the one with the best friend so close that half their conversations only required a raised eyebrow or a tilt of the head.
“Awwwww, stew,” Clint complains in a quiet voice. “No fair. Next time I get that drunk I’m coming back to your place. You can both be the big spoons.”
James doesn’t respond, and at first Bruce thinks it’s because he’s still listening for Clint, but there’s a tenseness in his features that suggests otherwise. Something about his expression clicks with Bruce: Any resistance at all to suggestion was beaten out of James a long time ago.
James takes in a slow breath. Despite the monitors telling Bruce everything is fine, it’s still a little more shallow than he would like.
“I want you to do it,” Clint says without hesitation. “You admit you’re making shit up half the time and that’s the only kind of doctor I’m going to trust. Do I even really need a splint or are you  pulling this out your ass?”
“How are you going to know if someone switches out their egg?” Clint asks.  “You’ve got some master pickpockets in here.”
Her eyes go straight to Clint and she looks oh so innocent, so basically, if there’s something going on there, she is already in the know. And if there’s anything she doesn’t know, the way Clint’s face lights up tells her everything.
“Oh. The day you said you would never want to see my naked,” Tony remembers. “That was a good talk.”
Tony looks up at the ceiling.  Does the math. Two years is nothing.  Hell, it’s been 6 years since he’s seen Yinsen as impossible as that seems.  Two dozen years since...
Steve nods.  He doesn’t really trust himself to speak, but he is incredibly grateful that Tony’s plowing ahead.
“Whatever you’re comfortable with,” Steve says. “I’m not ashamed of you, but I’m not going to put us out there if you’d rather me not. It can be all about me. I don’t mind.”
The response is immediate.  A flurry of victory GIFs and thumbs up emoji buzz into both their phones.  It’s incredibly ridiculous and immature and Tony loves it.  It must show on his face because Steve’s staring at him.
Steve glances down the hall.  He takes a deep breath, and Tony can see the pained reluctance there, to leave James.
“Gee.  Constant gratitude from Captain America.  So irritating,” Tony deadpans.  “I don’t know how I'll stand it.”
It had been years since he’d had so much fun in the rink. Sure, Rhodey and Jenny are a lot of fun but Tony has to be careful with them. He can skate into Steve as hard as he likes and Steve is like a brick house on ice skates. They master the zamboni, skate hard into walls, hip check each other at every opportunity, wrestle over the puck like four-year-olds and break just about every hockey rule in the book.
“I don’t mean to be ungrateful,” Tony says. “I just... I need to know. Is this for real? Because if it’s not, I’d rather you tell me now. I could arrange for my ransom. This...”
The visit last another half hour beyond that. When the receptionist walks over to the window to signal that their time is up, Steve squeezes Tony’s knee before they stand. This time the hug is automatic. Steve’s not even sure which one of them initiated it.
“You know Steve Rogers,” the soldier says, and it’s almost a question. There’s room for denial, if Bruce has any reason to deny it. He doesn’t.
“We aren’t famous enough for anyone to care,” Natasha says.  “Give it a few years.  They’ll be digging all sorts of shitty exes out of the woodworks.”
Tony looks surprised by the thanks.  Like he’d been expecting Steve to be a little less grateful and a little more annoyed.  It makes Steve want to track down every single person who has ever stomped these science outbursts out of Tony’s spirit and teach them a lesson in kindness.  With his fist.
“Good,” Pepper says.  That one word contains a lot of emotion inside it, and Tony doesn’t miss the slight quiver in her voice.  But he also doesn’t have time to dwell on all the close calls that have led his steadfast friend to sound... all feely.
"The 7th floor?" Tony asks with a yawn.  "Isn't that the Security Admin Department?  What's he doing there?"
“I am happy to assist, Captain Rogers,” Jarvis says.  “If you have needs of this nature in the future, I have taken the liberty of programming my direct contact information into your phone.  I have also sent you the name and address of the man who abused Sir in the video.  I anticipate it will be useful to you should the tape appear elsewhere.  Perhaps even if not.”
Steve doesn’t leave until Sunday evening. It makes for two of the best days of Tony’s adult life. Steve’s not just some guy Tony’s got in his bed, he means something. They’re friends. Yes, the sex is top notch but it’s so much more and Tony really doesn’t know what to do with that.
He takes a deep breath. “Be kind to others. Be kind to yourself. Learn to accept help.” Tony looks back at Steve. “That’s all I’ve got to say.”
Bruce opens the freezer and pulls down a bag of peas. “I’d like to put this on your knee to see if it helps. Doctors sometimes use ice to decrease blood flow to an area and reduce swelling.”
“You know, my dad made weapons for a living, and we never had this many all sitting in one spot in the house,” Tony muses.
Tony doesn’t text like this unless he’s pissed. Steve’s not sure what’s wrong but before he jumps to conclusions he types
“I don’t have fun,” James tosses back, as if the very insinuation is insulting. “I don’t have-- any of this. This is a malfunction. More malfunctions. A long list of fuckin’ malfunctions.”
“Sir is in the shower,” Jarvis tells him.  “He has been there since I alerted him that you’d arrived in New York.”
It’s nearing eleven when Steve realizes he wants Tony to meet his namesake. He looks around and Tony and Pepper and Rhodey are nowhere to be seen.
“I’m out,” Bruce says, shaking his head. “I don’t think Knitting with the Hulk would go over very well with the other guy.”
“Tony never knowingly or intentionally sold weapons to arms dealers or terrorists.  That went on without his knowledge.  He would have rather burned his empire to the ground than see one more innocent life lost to Stark technology.  I know that for a fact.”
Every time Tony thinks Barnes’s story can’t get any worse, HYDRA goes and proves him wrong.  And the thing is (and this is a nasty thing) (a dark soul blot Tony will never reveal) (not even to JARVIS) (who probably suspects) sometimes Tony feels not quite as terrible as he should about what’s happened to Bucky.
“What?  No,” Tony says.  “Not... I mean, not like yes.  Not thinking about it seriously.  Just... thinking.  Of things.  Neutrally.”
“I said, Stark’s around so we’re all heading out early to avoid whatever scene he’s gonna make.  You want to join us for a drink?”
“I’m glad you offered him the more comfortable option,” Bruce says. “That was really kind of you.  You’re doing and saying some things that I think are really promising in terms of making a life for yourself. I don’t know if that’s an end goal of yours, but if it is-- I see a lot of hope there.”
“No, of course not,” Tony says.  “You never mean to be offensive.  You never mean to rub your superiority in our faces.  You just exist and everyone thinks you’re perfect and you don’t have to actually
When the SAD department is renamed the Reconnaissance Administration Division, and Clint runs around shouting RAD! all afternoon, that isn’t tainted by an interoffice relationship either.
Tony takes all that in. “Okay,” he says. “What about you? What classified stuff was Clint talking about?”
“I know that now,” Steve says. “At the time, I was maybe a little less sure. The IT department at SHIELD liked to prank me by seeing how many lies I’d believe before I caught on. But you’re missing the point. I didn’t want to look at those specific pictures. If you ever feel like getting creative with your phone and you’re sending them just to me...”
Steve nods, heads out to climb on his bike and replays the whole evening in his head on his ride back to DC.  He’s got clarity now, and as nice as it will be to have access to his stuff, he realizes that wasn’t even close to what he was missing in the first place.  He’s just not sure friendship is going to be as easy to attain as a warehouse full of memories.
The pieces of the Tony puzzle snap into place. Panic Attack.  Steve’s had similar episodes since waking up from the ice.  He suffers through them alone.  That doesn’t mean Tony should have to.
“I noticed him before I got to the barn,” James says noncommittally. “If I was going to kill him, I’d have killed him then.”
Tony nods.  “There’s nobody I’d trust more than Banner.  And Clint’s not half the mess he wants us to believe.”
The picture changes to Steve’s panel.  He’s in his uniform, turned slightly to the side, with the shield front and center.  Behind him on the left is an interpretation of Brooklyn and as the scene flows to the right, the buildings become more modern.
“No hard feelings here, either,” Natasha says, tapping at her lower left stomach, where Bruce knows at one point she was shot. “Most of us have been used. We don’t ask for apologies or explanations.”
Steve stands and heads toward the hall. Sam stands too, walks over to the fridge, rummages in what appears to be a vegetable drawer, and pulls out a hand gun.
Steve reaches up to rub at the back of his neck, which is now aching from the strain of trying to wrap his brain around all this.
“Won’t stay down,” the soldier replies. He sounds weary in a way Bruce understands. Life on the run is a bitch. Doubly so, if you’re sick or injured.
This is bad.  Well, it’s good, because Steve’s hands are large and warm and Tony can instantly imagine a dozen ways to keep those hands busy.  It’s just Pepper.  She’ll kill him if he sleeps with yet another employee.  Things are so tenuous with the board and Tony’s been trying so hard not to cause problems.
“Uhhh-- Steve?  Sorry, I’m back.  Since it sounds like Tony’s there, you can put this on speaker in case he’s got any thoughts. But-- well, I mean, I
“Natasha, please tell me I’m not gonna have to drive a tractor to a Wal-Mart to get what we need?” Tony pleads, as their friend walks into the room.
“Well, shit. Then it’s exactly how it looks," Clint admits. "But, I’m not aiming an arrow at you or anything.”
“Can’t trust the wired internet connections,” Bucky says, without looking up.  “I just need to finish borrowing space on this satellite so we’ve got somewhere untraceable to work, and then we’ll be set.”
There's an obvious answer.  An elephant in the room (his mind's room) that Tony's been studiously avoiding giving any thought: Steve.
“Don’t,” Steve says. “I don’t want to hear you talk about yourself like that. I just want an explanation. A real explanation.”
A few more minutes pass as Steve watches the people below until it is starting to be an awkwardly long time for Tony to be gone.
“I’m not mad at you,” Steve says.  “At all.  I’m not even upset.  I just don’t want to continue a conversation that I think is making you doubt why I want to be here because I’m bad at words.  Dr. Gerber might have some ideas.  We can figure this out together.”
“Sir has given me specific instructions not to interfere in such instances.”  Jarvis doesn’t sound any happier about it than Steve feels.  “His lawyers will handle it.”
A Hawkeye is peanut butter, maple syrup, and marshmallow fluff.  A Black Widow is dark chocolate strawberry.  Despite the waitresses’ protests, a Hulk is not mint.  It’s bright orange mango, since Steve gets the feeling Bruce has had enough green in his life to last him a lifetime.  Thor is raspberry rainbow.  The Iron Man shake takes the most thought, but Steve finally settles on coffee, cookies and cream.  It sounds a little strange when he thinks up the combination but once he tries them all together it ends up being his favorite.  Go figure.
Bruce seems to have found a friend in Kate, who is scribbling out some complicated geometry onto a cocktail napkin.  Bruce has a pen of his own and he checks over her work, making a few quick corrections.  From the snippets of their conversation that Tony can hear, Kate’s taking some graduate courses in math.  It’s no wonder then, that Banner is smiling.  Bruce is always happiest when he’s teaching.  Even in a bar.
“Okay, the hotel might have taken me by surprise.  But I know that face you’re making,” Steve says, nodding toward the first.  “That’s you’re protective face.  Whatever was going on here, you weren’t trying to hide some kid you’d taken to bed.”
Tony doesn’t have a chance to finish his thought as he’s grabbed by the arm and spun around roughly.
The next time he does, it's because the Avengers are called out for a quick mission.  God bless the idiot criminals and their goo.  The mission ends with a win, and then things go down hill from there.
“That’s us,” Clint agrees, spreading his hands apart in a ‘Ta da!’ kind of motion.  “At least you know what you’re signing up for.”
For almost a full minute Tony thinks that it’s worked.  Steve doesn’t disagree with him and Tony knows when Steve calms down he’ll remember all the reasons defending Tony isn’t worth the effort.  He’ll recall the catalog of mistakes and he’ll rejoin the stone-throwers.
Bucky types in a rapid series of codes and then Tony’s display fills with information.  Bucky and Clint have been busy.  And they’re every bit as good at this espionage stuff as advertised.  Tony’s impressed and he doesn’t impress easily.
Tony’s not sure in what world a taco could be comforting in this situation but Steve seems to believe what he’s saying so sincerely, Tony kind of wants to see if he's right.
“I texted Bruce because I thought maybe he should look at you,” Clint cuts in. “Should have probably just asked him out loud. Or asked you. Or told you I was going to text him. Sorry-- I’m still not used to this touchy, feely, talky crap.”
“I don’t think there’s anything selfish about all of this,” Steve says. “The reason you're worried is because you’re afraid you’re going to hurt me. That’s the opposite of selfish.”
After falling asleep, tucked safely in the Yin and Yang cocoon of their wings, Tony had awoken at the very reasonable time of 12:00 PM to find that his perfect, angelic, Adonis boyfriend had already left for work and taken their sweet corgi pupper, Sirius, with him for Bring your Pet to Work Day. Steve had adopted Sirius the year before they had met, and being the Harry Potter fan he was, he couldn’t resist naming his canine baby anything else. Thankfully, Tony was very pet friendly and Sirius had warmed up to Tony fairly quickly after moving in. He and Steve had carefully established a routine—Steve took Sirius out in the morning on his run, then Sirius would come to sit with Tony in his lab happily lounging and watching his dad work while Steve was away, and then the three of them would reunite in the evening. It was all disgustingly domestic and wholesome, and Tony wouldn’t want it any other way.
Tony sighed morosely, his wings drooping slightly, before uncapping the Hydro Flask and chugging some more coffee to make himself feel better. At least coffee would always be there for him. And yes, he had Rhodey and Pepper, the two lights of his life, and he really shouldn’t be complaining since they were the best things to ever happen to him, but he just couldn’t help it sometimes. He was lonely, so sue him. He had just pulled out his phone to check what monotonous soul-sucking emails he had received when he heard a familiar voice ask, “Room for one more?”
minutes and I came back to you screaming, wielding the fire extinguisher as you tried to put out the fire that had started in the oven.”
At that moment, Beautiful Buff Blondie glanced up at him and they locked eyes. He had to force his wings to keep flying slowly forward, instead of towards the handsome stranger. Their gazes remained locked until he finally managed to drag his eyes away from the captivating blue eyes to the radiant smile BBB (as Tony had abbreviated it to in his head) was giving him. The smile didn’t last as long as Tony would’ve wanted though, before BBB’s eyes darted to look at something just behind Tony, his face quickly becoming alarmed. Tony whipped his head around to look at what had caught BBB’s attention and—
Instead of answering Steve’s question with words, Tony pressed his lips to Steve's, hoping that somehow he could convey the unending depth of love he felt for him through their kiss. Their mouths moved in familiar harmony, and Tony moaned into Steve’s mouth, chasing the warmth and love that radiated off of Steve, that Steve gave him willingly and unfailingly each and every time they kissed.
Tony froze as he was yanked out of his reverie and back to reality. He began sweating, his wingtips quivering, his vision blurring. His breath was coming in shorter and shorter bursts, his fucked up heart working overtime. He heard sound, but it was like he was a ghost watching the living world move on without him, only able to catch brief murmurings and echoes. It must’ve been him speaking, probably spewing out some patented bullshit about the Stark legacy and how much he loved and mourned for his parents (which wasn’t a total lie, he did miss Maria) and how it was such a great loss to the world, but Tony couldn’t grasp onto any of it.
"Now, not that I don’t love chatting with fallen angels at midnight, but I would really like to get to bed so I can wake up with a migraine and berate myself tomorrow, so if you don’t mind, could we…” Tony sheepishly trailed off as he gingerly massaged the growing lump on his head.
“Hey now, do you want a stern talking-to? Because no one says that about my fella and gets away with it.” Despite the worry that lingered in his eyes, Steve was still playfully smiling as he spoke, clearly hoping to cheer Tony up.
sitting down. Tony cut Steve off from whatever toast he might’ve given as Tony managed to rush out a “Thank you so much this looks heavenly I love you please excuse me while I inhale this all” before unrepentantly diving fork-first into his plate.
And so the real fun commenced, Tony got the pleasure of listening to “budget this” and “can we really afford to do that” and on one memorable occasion “HAVE YOU LOST YOUR FUCKING HEAD, WINSTON?” He let all of these comments roll off his wingtips, though, instead focusing on the word search he was not so subtly working on under the table.
Job.” Pepper shook her head in exasperation and chucked a pile of clothes at Tony’s head. “Put these on and be at the meeting in 15 minutes or so help me God you will not live to see another day.” She was almost out the door when she abruptly turned around, smiled wickedly, and in a saccharine voice said, “Oh and don’t worry about making coffee before you get there. I’ve kindly informed JARVIS that you’ll be having your morning coffee at the meeting. See you later.” Before he could protest, she was out the door, leaving Tony to get changed.
Tony tried to reply, “You think I’m beautiful? I’m surprised I can even look at you, you're so blinding… I can’t believe how lucky I am,” but he didn’t think that it came through very well as he slurred something unintelligible back to him. The sentiment was there, though, and that was what mattered, as the two lapsed back into a soothing silence.
Tony glared in betrayal. “My own creation, my own metaphorical flesh and blood—THIS IS TREASON!!!” Tony bellowed, shaking his fist like someone out of Shakespeare’s plays. He had half a mind to tell his
As Steve went off and did that, Tony hastily shucked off his layers until he was only wearing his black, silken boxer briefs. He scowled down at the scarring on his chest, quickly flopping over onto his stomach to conceal it. He knew it was illogical, since there was scarring on his back too that looked just as deformed as the scarring on his chest, and Steve had seen the scars many times and was always quick to be loving and kind about them. Steve liked to insist in that unbelievably earnest way of his that they were just marks to show how strong Tony was, and how much he had overcome. Tony liked to agree to disagree with him on that. He couldn’t help but feel self-conscious, especially compared to Steve’s glowing skin and unblemished body.
Distantly, he heard Pepper counting in the background and he knew he should answer, he really did, but his mouth refused to cooperate. He knew that Pepper meant business. It was why, after continuing to be CEO of Stark Industries for a year following his return from Afghanistan, he had made her CEO after all. But he had also gone to bed barely four hours ago and, if he were a weaker man and
Tony sluggishly raised a hand to haphazardly point in the direction of the bedroom, sighing in relief as he felt Steve stand up with Tony still wrapped up in his embrace and smoothly fly them both over to their nest.
“I have to go now, Tony but I trust you know the way back to the meeting without me chaperoning you. I’ll know if you arrive on time.” And with that parting remark, Pepper gracefully speed walked out of the cafe and was lost to the sea of people on the street.
Steve wiped his eyes and took a deep breath. “Sorry, that got away from me. It just hit me hard, I guess. Do you know what skylarking is? Dallying on the wing?”
thing Howard had ever been good at was being a businessman; he certainly wasn’t a good father, Tony could say that much from first-hand experience.
Pepper sighed fondly, her wings twitching amusedly. “You can’t just say stuff like that Tony. Remember, we don’t want to actively antagonize them. Also, I can assure you they don’t want you dead. They would much prefer you failing to hide how you're on your phone all meeting, every meeting, than a dictatorial monster. Additionally, you’re a businessman too, Tony, so I think holistically your argument falls flat in a few spots. And don’t think I don’t know that you’re just misdirecting because you were playing your boujee word search games again.”
Tony harrumphed at that. “I thought you were supposed to love me and help boost my self-esteem, not tear it down.” But their playful fight was forgotten the second Steve’s warm hands, which were coated in the aforementioned massage oil, began working Tony’s foot muscles. Tony didn’t bother stifling his groan, mentally thanking Steve’s Ma, Sarah, who had taught Steve to give her massages after her long workdays as a nurse. Tony sighed happily, easily admitting that he would kill to protect this sliver of heaven on earth, perfectly content to sink into the deliciously dopey feeling of warmth, love, and care.
Tony could tell that Happy was worried, his glossy, umber colored wings twitching concernedly, and he kept shooting glances at Tony every other minute. Tony wanted to talk to him, to reassure Happy that he was fine and dandy, but he just couldn’t. He was exhausted, and when he tried to speak, no words would come out. So he just kept his mouth shut, closed his eyes, and focused on his breathing until Happy told him that they had arrived. He knew he should check his phone—he hadn’t had a chance to do so all day and it would be 7:30 PM by the time he would get back to the Tower–and he knew Steve would be worried, but Tony couldn’t bring himself to do that either. He sighed, resigned to whatever valid reaction his boyfriend would give upon seeing him after a whole day of radio silence.
At 3 PM the meeting did not end, which was fun and quirky of it, but rather took a much needed lunch break. At this point Tony’s coffee had been chugged, a few hairs pulled out, and his sanity frayed. He had to stop himself from sprinting out the doors once the word was given that they could leave, instead politely excusing himself to fly a block down to Cool Beans! one of his favorite coffee shops located a block away. Because it was a little tucked away, it wasn’t as crowded as some of the other coffee shops in New York during off times, and from the inside you could relax and people watch as you pleased.
“Ohmygoshohmygoshohmygosh you’re not moving your eyes are closed what are you doing please wake up God please wake up I need you to WAKE UP DAMNIT!”
At this point, Tony was clutching his stomach, trying to hold in the waves of laughter that threatened to burst out from his mouth. It was a losing battle, and he ended up rolling around on the sofa as he let out belly laugh after belly laugh. He had to wipe tears from his eyes once he was done, but it was worth it. He felt lighter than he had all day, and he knew that had been Steve’s goal.
Son of a bitch. He had really just given himself a concussion by flying and whipping his head directly into a damn street sign because he had been so thirsty that he just couldn’t have looked away from BBB who now probably thought he was a complete idiot. Taking a few deep breaths, he began to register vague yelling, but it was as if he was hearing it through a tunnel. Or, like, an ocean trench. Actually scratch that one, Tony had had enough of his head being submerged in water to last a lifetime. He decided to focus on the sound, closing his eyes again until he could make out words.
The long to-do list of a day started surprisingly well. Tony ended up making it to the conference on time and even managed to be semi-engaged until it blessedly ended. Thankfully, he hadn’t needed to talk much since he was largely there just to act as a warm body on the panel. Since then though, it had been a whirlwind of conversations, colors, scents, and people. By 6 PM, had Tony eaten breakfast, lunch, or any dinner? Who knew! Not Steve, and it was going to stay that way. While it was endearing, Tony really didn’t want to engage his boyfriend’s Mother-Hen mode.
But when Tony walks into Ty’s house and hears the low music, the soft sighs and ecstasy-filled cries of some nameless women mingled with Ty’s low chuckle, Tony can’t ignore it. It was never love with Ty, but trust is shattered and one of his best friends smiles looks too sharp and never fond. Ty pleads, but it falls on deaf ears as Tony takes his things and go.
Liam gives him the same shy smile from a party months ago. He packs and he goes. Tony finds that knowing how it ends doesn’t soften the blow. (This is a lesson he learns over and over)
He’s content with Ty, and though it’s not love that drives them into the other’s arms, it’s something Tony can live with.
“I was wrong, Tony. Back during the attack we  were both messed up by everything going on and I said some horrible things so I-”
And if the Maria Stark foundation donates more to research on terminal illnesses, Rhodey is kind enough to not point it out.
Tony takes him to the park, to museums, to ten different bookstores, and to anywhere else Steve wants to go. Tony offers him companionship and a place to sleep, hard-to-break punching bags and someone to talk to in the too-early morning. Tony listens to Steve’s thoughts on the future and ignores the feeling growing in his chest.
“Bi Curious I guess, that’s a term right?” He’s got two drinks, one held out to Tony and one he sips in between sentences. They talk all night, and when Liam leans in Tony doesn’t pull away. Tony feels the beat of something, something (the bass, his heart?) and ignores the warning alarms in his head screaming ‘he’ll leave, he’ll leave.’
Steve startles before glancing up at Tony through his eyelashes, eyes glinting in determination. Tony internally groans at the warm, fluttering feeling in his chest. He thinks he should've learned his lesson by now.
Moments with Rumiko are precious because he knows they’re numbered. When he tells Rhodey this, his best friend points out it was like that with Sunset too. ‘This is different’ Tony says, Rhodey sighs, and the “I know, I’m sorry” goes unspoken.
“No, the more I know of you, the more I'm convinced you're a good man hiding behind layers and layers of masks. That you are kind and caring and incredible.”
They pick slowly at their food, and Tony tries not to think about how this is the place they ate their first real meal together. He ignores the memory of Liam’s winsome smile, and the way his voice sounded when he suggested they go out again.
“Remember how I said I don’t remember in the beginning? That was a lie, I couldn’t hear anything else but, ‘I’m sorry ma’am, you have about 7 months’”
“They’re not, They’re not dates. Besides, aren’t you like-” He pauses to gesticulate to all of Steve.
Tony interrupts him, his mouth going thin just thinking about the heated words exchanged near a year ago.
They meet at a party. Tony doesn’t even remember the host or the event but he can recall the flashing purple lights on Liam’s face. He can think of a gleam of white teeth and endearingly crinkled green eyes.
“Ty… Ugh, what?” Tony sits up rubbing sleep out of his eyes and Ty’s laugh is low and rumbly. Tony can feel it from where one of his arms is on Ty’s chest.
Tiberius pulls the old friends thing, saying remember this, or recall that? Tiberius glorifies halcyon days of no worries and living parents. Tony downs every drink he’s handed. He tells Ty he’s not interested in dating or relationships right now. Ty winks.
They go on extravagant dates one week, then stay in Sunset’s house the next, not leaving her bed until late in the afternoon.
Tony understands. Pepper needs someone stable, someone to lend her an ear when she complains about him, someone less busy than her, someone to give her all the time in the day. (Pepper needs someone better.)
From there, they continue to sleep in the same bed, and go out on things like dates, and Tony realizes Ty is sort of courting him. He resists at first, ignoring the five star hotel reservations, and declining the cars and flowers and chocolate. But Ty has always been charming, and Tony succumbs to his loneliness. He wants to love again, wants something warm to hold onto, if only for a moment. So they sleep together; The panting,  flush skin, eyes screwed tight, and lips biting kind of ‘slept together’.
They fall into bed and go for brunch the next day. They visit the beach and kiss undercover from the sun. They run from paparazzi and laugh in the rain. It’s like some tv drama, and the days go by as fast as a montage would.
Within the first hour, Ty had taken all the toys and was yapping Tony’s ears off. Tony decides to sneakily take back things, and roll his eyes at all of Ty’s talk. He’s unimpressed, but then, so is Ty.
“I feel like I won’t really know unless I try. I mean, I am attracted to Tom Cruise a little but who isn’t right?”
“I just.” Steve stops for a moment before he leans forward and takes Tony’s hand. “I just think you’re great Tony, and I like going out with you. And I wouldn’t mind actually going out with you. Making this official.”
They smile at each other again and Tony thinks, this is a love, this is a love that no one can take from me.
Sunset leaves him with pieces of his heart on the floor, a bottle of expensive Chardonnay, and the smell of strawberry and vanilla lingering in his sheets.
It’s a month later when Tony relaxes. When Steve cooks breakfast after his runs, and reminds him to go to bed, and to eat lunch, and to take a shower. When Tony sings for him a little, and lays his head on Steve’s chest and smiles a lot more than he frowns. Steve’s affectionate in a quiet kind of way, with forehead touches and shoulder massages. They still argue, but they learn to communicate better too. And they still bicker of course, but now it’s filled with even more flirting. The team is disgusted.
And then Pepper has her hand in his chest, Pepper is waiting for him, hoping, Pepper is being kidnapped, Pepper is saving him as he saves her, Pepper has her heart in her throat and her hands clenched, knuckles white as she sees him fly up, up, up.
Tony gapes at him for a second, before saying “How the hell am I supposed to- Yes, I- Of course I’ll date you Cap.”
“I don’t know what happened to make you believe that, whether it was the constant limelight, or past relationships, but Tony,” Steve exhales and lets go of the napkin, running a hand through his hair before continuing, “These have been dates, haven’t they?”
She’s selfish, but so is he. There’s a team of the best doctors in the world he calls behind her back. Rumiko wants vacations and five star hotels, and all of Tony’s attention. Rumiko gets that and more. Neither of them get a cure.
The moment Virginia “Pepper” Potts walks out of the room, head held high and heels clacking away, Tony knows she's going to break his heart somehow.
The next-to-last thing she says to Tony is, “Ha, I’m too pretty to die like this” Tony offers up a weak chuckle, tells her he loves her. Her responding smile is a dulled and softer version of the one she gave him months ago.
(When Rhodey comes over they drink beer, shit talk celebrities and pointedly do not mention the Chardonnay on the kitchen table. )
Tony is constantly at her bedside when she becomes too weak to walk around. He holds her hand and whispers anything, everything. He talks about work when Rumiko is too tired to answer anymore, and finally sings when her breaths are soft and her grip in his hands weaken.
And then Steve takes him by the shoulders, and it's all honest, earnest baby blues looking at him deep in the eyes.
Tony is introduced to Tiberius when he’s still young enough that he actually believes his father will someday pay attention to him. The Starks host the Stone family and a 7 year old Tony meets a 6 year old Tiberius.
He kisses Rhodey on the mouth once, both are tipsy after a couple drinks and burst out laughing when Tony pulls away.
It’s all over the tabloids the next day, that Tony Stark is Sunset’s new 3 month relationship. It’s a thing she does, dates someone for 3 months, no more, no less, no exceptions. (Last month it was a Calvin Klein model, and before that a pretty doctor from France.)
“You can’t Steve, every fucking person I’ve ever- I don’t-” Tony’s eyes screw shut and he screeches backward in his chair, shrugging off Steve’s hands.
“I like you Tony, and I want to date you,” Steve finally pauses, and his serious gaze morphs into a hopeful smile. “Will you let me?”
“You have now laid there for five minutes. I strongly recommend you get up and get ready for the day sir,” JARVIS kindly reminded him.
His phone display was still in dark mode from the night before, so, in a fun twist of events, he was scouring the black background looking for the four coveted white letters that would spell the word “anam,” meaning soulmate in gaelic. Tony didn’t like to brag, but he had upgraded his word search game to words in foreign languages or names of uncommon plants for added challenge. A good two minutes later, he finally let out an, “aha!” after finding the word, prompting Mr. Smith, one of the board members, to glance over. “Do you have something you want to share with the class Mr. Stark?”
Seconds later, Steve appeared, apronless, carefully balancing two plates that held heaping portions of homemade carbonara, a side caesar salad, and some garlic bread on their shining surfaces. Tony was pretty sure he was drooling onto the tablecloth at this point, but was too hungry to care. He had to sit on his hands to restrain himself from inhaling it all on sight, wanting to at least try to savor Steve’s lovingly cooked meal. Tony had a feeling that his cacophonous stomach was giving him away, though, since Steve was especially quick to pour a glass of red wine for Tony before pouring himself some and then
After taking one final glance in the mirror, Tony flew to the kitchen, slammed back a cup (or three) of coffee, and was on his way to meet Happy outside. Hopefully, the day would go smoothly, but then again when did anything ever go smoothly for Tony Stark? Tony sighed, at least he would get to see Steve at the end of it all.
“It’s ok, Steve, you can’t be with me every waking hour of every day. It’s enough that you even love me to begin with,” Tony replied, smiling despite himself as he saw Steve’s outrage at Tony’s self-deprecating comment.
It was a glorious morning. The glorious-est of glorious mornings. A morning like no other. The birds were chirping, the sun was shining, the good vibes were vibing, the juju was flowing—
They stood there for an indefinite amount of time, Tony cocooned in Steve’s arms and wings, feeling safe and
Tony nodded from under his wings, his head still sitting on the table, trying to think of words that could possibly convey the utter travesty the meeting had been so far. He decided against it, considering that once Pepper asked him what was talked about, he wouldn’t be able to answer since he shamelessly hadn’t paid attention. He really shouldn’t be blamed for that—those meetings were a snoozefest—but he knew Pepper wouldn’t feel the same way, so instead he sat up and launched into his full-fledged conspiracy theory that he had cooked up during the meeting.
“You know me so well Pep.” Tony laughed. He quickly sobered up, though, as he mentally reviewed his day. This meeting was looking like it was going to stretch until probably 6:30 PM and, assuming it ended then, he'd have at most a half hour break and then it was off to bang out some deadline work. His body ached all the way to his wingtips just thinking about it. He allowed himself one more self-pitying table head thunk before getting out of his seat and gathering his things to leave.
he could keep his eyes open goddamnit, but then Steve began humming a soft, Gaelic lullaby, and he knew he was done for.
“There was also that one time when I was helping you reorganize in your lab, turned my back for ten seconds, heard you scream, and then looked back to find you bleeding, having sliced your hand open on an X-Acto knife.”
Thankfully, it seemed like the gentle reminder had done the trick, and he soon found himself walking beside The Angel, who was so close he could smell him. Of course he smelled like sunshine and lavender, Tony thought deliriously, growing more and more convinced that he was still passed out on the ground and this was all a fever dream.
real, maybe every cloud did have a silver lining after all. Even in the dark light, Tony could make out a pair of pure white wings protruding from a muscular back, which was attached to a broad pair of shoulders, which were attached to bulging biceps, which were attached to lovely forearms, which were attached to beautiful artist hands with long fingers—
sexily in his attempt to reply, moaning in pain as he tried to form and articulate a coherent thought.
It was a solid 10 minutes of silence between them, one of the longest stretches ever in their history. Tony was sure that they must've made quite a sight, with Tony scarfing down every last crumb and morsel of food while Steve tried his hardest to not bust out laughing as he watched Tony with hearts in his eyes. All the while, Sirius was busy scrounging underneath the table for any scraps that his humans might’ve dropped.
Steve gently set Tony down in the center of their nest, smiling as Tony made grabby hands at him to join him. “In a minute baby. I gotta grab the oil first. You just focus on rolling onto your stomach and getting comfortable, ok? Try to relax for me.” He dropped a small kiss on his forehead before swiftly gathering the necessary materials.
“Yeah, sorry, it’s not the movie I promise it’s just—” he broke off to laugh some more. “Did I ever end up telling you the story of how I was arrested?”
Tony glanced up and smiled slyly in response. “Hm...  I don’t know… tough question. What do you think, Sirius? You think this big, blonde lug deserves a warm welcome too?” Sirius yapped in response, and Steve and Tony chuckled together as Tony flew over and burrowed into his boyfriend’s arms. “Mmm… you smell nice.” His head rose and fell where it was rested as Steve chuckled, one of his large hands coming up to comb through Tony’s hair. Tony moaned, damn Steve for knowing all his weak points, as his walls slowly melted away and his center reoriented to being back to where it belonged—with Steve.
“Aye aye captain” Tony cheekily replied once he’d recovered, as he flew backwards into the living room, giving Steve a wink and a salute. After situating himself into a suitable comfy position with Sirius laying on his lap, he turned his attention to what movie he wanted. He settled on the movie
In record time, his coffee was ready. Today it was delivered in a gallon sized black Hydro Flask that Tony cradled like a baby as he made his way back to his seat. He had no idea where the various jugs and bottles they gave him came from, but he always made sure to clean and return them. He figured that just this once in his life he was content to not know the answer, as long as the godly nectar that was their coffee kept on coming.
“Say no more, Mr. Stark,” the barista replied with a smile. He quickly took Tony’s proffered credit card, swiped it, and gave it back to him with a kind smile, saying, “Have a great day.” He looked to be new at the job because Tony didn’t recognize him, but he seemed to know what he was doing. Tony figured that a fellow employee must have given him the rundown on Tony as he was a regular at the cafe, and they all knew to give him the strongest coffee they had on hand in the largest portable container they had. In return, Tony gave extremely generous tips so really it was a win-win.
Shaking his head, Tony flew back to the Tower, and after changing into a pair of comfy black jeans and a ratty red NYC t-shirt, he immediately went down to the lab. He smiled as U, Butterfingers, and Dum-E came up to greet him, and he waved at them as he began to get everything set up. Cracking his knuckles, after firing up the blueprints he wanted to work on first, he rubbed his hands together and announced, “It’s show time!”
gracefully. The Angel, which was the name Tony decided he would call him from now on (damn he was just burning through the nicknames), meanwhile looked like a deer caught in headlights. Tony watched him for a few seconds before interrupting him. “Could you… off the ground… please.”
sleep with and help keep his nightmares at bay was everything to Tony, and he would never take it for granted. His sleep wasn’t the only thing that was improving since dating Steve, his wings were also noticeably much better taken care of, as once they moved in together they had begun to groom one another’s wings. Grooming was another intimate act that you did yourself until you found a serious partner that you would groom, and who in return would groom you. Unfortunately, it seemed that they could only coordinate one of the two—falling asleep together or waking up together—at a time, but they were trying to work on that.
When he had finally blinked his eyes open, he was greeted with a sight that would even strike fear into the gods. Pepper’s green eyes were blazing, a vein in her temple was subtly pulsing, her bronze and copper colored wings were puffed up and angrily twitching, and Tony was 99.9% sure that this was where his story ended.
As if summoned by Tony’s negative thoughts, which might honestly not be so far from the truth, Steve flew back into the room bringing with him warm washcloths, grooming oil, massage oil, and Sirius who was quick to lie down on his nearby dog bed. Tony looked over appreciatively at his boyfriend through half lidded eyes, as he set everything up. “What’s the massage oil for, big guy?”
Somehow, Steve wasn’t buying it, though, his eyebrows furrowing into his patented Worried Mother Hen look, but as he went to open his mouth to say something, Tony glared and shook his dead, daring Steve to rebuke him. It was a tense moment as their wills battled it out against each other, but Steve eventually sighed and grudgingly conceded. “Don’t think we aren’t revisiting this after dinner. And to answer your question, I got back a little earlier than expected and thought I’d make you a treat. I know carbonara is your favorite and it’s also what you ate before meeting me so I figured I would show my thanks and try my hand at it. JARVIS helped too.”
Tony didn’t want to miss a second of this life-changing experience, but Steve was still working on grooming Tony’s left wing with the right one still to go, and Tony’s eyes were becoming heavier and heavier. Somehow, maybe because of the not-so-subtle yawns, or maybe because he was magic, or perhaps some combination of both, Steve picked up on this. “It’s ok sweetheart. Sleep. I’ll be here when you wake up, and every day after, for as long as I live,” he murmured as he bent down and kissed the nape of Tony’s neck. Tony wanted to protest, he wasn’t
for the first time since he had woken up. If he didn’t know better, he would even have said that his eyes were getting a little misty—but he knew that wasn’t true since Stark men were made of iron. It was probably just some of the smoke from the stove getting to him. Yeah, that was it.
Sighing, he pointedly ignored the other men in the room who were all staring, waiting for him as he grabbed his promised breakfast, and more importantly the large thermos containing coffee from his favorite coffee shop, and prepared to settle in for the long haul. The meeting was scheduled to run from noon until 3 PM but Tony had a sneaking suspicion that it might go over.
Eventually, Tony’s industrial vacuum level of inhalation slowed to a more reasonable human pace, as he stifled moaning after taking a bite of the garlic bread. How was a pasty Irish boy better at making Italian food than some Italian restaurants? Tony shrugged to himself, must just be the magic of Steve. Steve, noticing this internal conversation, shot him a confused look over the glasses of wine, but Tony just smiled and waved it off. “So, now that I have regained my powers of speech, how was your day? Did the kids like Sirius? Did he have fun meeting them?”
“That’s it sweetheart… you wanna tell me what’s been bothering my fella? Do I need to go have a stern talking-to with someone?”
Tony sighed and averted his eyes, shoulders and wings slumping, “I’ll tell you, I promise, but can we finish dinner first? And maybe watch a movie or something before going into it? I kind of just want to…” He trailed off, not actually knowing what he wanted, but thankfully Steve somehow did.
Tony couldn’t bring himself to vocally answer, so he just nodded against Steve and hoped he was understood.
Tony raced to the restaurant, loving the feeling of the wind rushing through his feathers and hair. Thankfully there were not that many people out on the sidewalk so he didn’t have to worry about crashing into them and royally embarrassing himself. He made it there quickly, was seated, and more or less blanked out as he robotically inhaled his beloved carbonara. He swore that no other restaurant did it as well as this one, and he would stand by that until the day he died. Once he was done with his carbonara massacre and had chugged a sufficient amount of water, there was no point in lingering around so he quickly paid the check and was on his way.
“Yeah… I’ve heard of it,” Tony said hesitantly, “but I thought that was outlawed in every state after World War II ended. Why do you bring it up?” Tony raised a suspicious eyebrow at Steve as he waited to hear whatever unrealistic crackhead story that had apparently actually happened that he was going to tell him.
“Sir, I feel as if I should notify you that the press conference and subsequent interviews that you have scheduled for today are going to begin preparations in an hour. It may be prudent of you to start getting ready,” JARVIS gently reminded him, ruining Tony’s lazy morning vibe.
But Tony would immediately give up anything for the chance at what he had now. Heck, he looked forward to going to sleep, which was something he never thought he would say. Knowing that Steve would be there to
“Spread your wings out for me?” Steve murmured quietly, and Tony sluggishly complied. “You’re so beautiful Tony… I’m going to paint you like this later, all blissed out and happy like you should always be.”
Well. This was a turn of events. “I mean… you do know who I am and that I live literally a few buildings down, right? In that big, ugly building that no one else seems to like the design of? If it’ll really make you feel better, I won’t stop you, but I don’t want you to go out of your way unnecessarily…” Tony trailed off awkwardly.
“J, what are we looking at for our fashion statement today?” Tony asked as he made his way over to the closet. It was early December in New York, which meant that layers were going to be key to surviving the day without getting frostbite or hypothermia. JARVIS silently highlighted a few options within Tony's stupidly large closet, letting Tony pick and choose before he gave any advice.
Tony rolled his eyes in reply. “I think you need your memory checked, Pep. I’m a genius and most certainly would never have done such a thing—”
“Thanks J,” Tony said as he groaned into the sheets before stretching, flapping his wings a few times to work out any kinks, and then finally getting out of bed. After brushing his teeth and combing his hair, he flew over to where Pepper had dumped the clothes. As he always seemed to do since Afghanistan, he paused and looked in the mirror, his eyes hovering over the severe scarring on his chest. It was disgusting, grotesque, a mess of raised bumps and ridges and dark lines, Tony shuddered, pushing away the pervasive memories. He forced himself to instead focus on what Pepper had picked out for him, to her credit, she had an impeccable sense of style and he quickly changed. He was careful to make sure that he positioned his wings correctly through the slits of the chosen white undershirt and black Tom Ford suit jacket. Once that was done, he put on the matching suit pants, plain white socks, and a red tie with small white dots. He gazed in the mirror at the finished product, it highlighted all his best features, particularly his black wings which looked healthy and vibrant, especially during the day when the red undertone and occasional golden streak seemed to create a subtle “glow” effect. Oh, and of course his ass too. Couldn't forget that.
Pep! And we’re not even at the halfway point! I mean, just think about it! It makes perfect sense! Especially since these men are also the ones whose jobs make you spell the unintuitive, frankly asinine word ‘business’ on the reg which is a whole other issue—”
“Do you want to move to the bedroom? I wanted to groom your beautiful wings tonight anyways, since it’s been about a week, but we can stay here if you want to.”
Once the two were done with dinner, Tony got up to do the dishes but was immediately turned back around so he now faced in the direction of the living room. “Don’t worry about it, doll. I’ll clean up here and then come join you on the sofa.” Tony full-body shivered as Steve placed a light kiss on the sensitive crook of Tony’s neck before smacking his ass to get him moving towards the sofa.
“Steve!” The Angel who was apparently now “Steve” interjected. “My name is Steve Rogers, and when we were walking I kind of maybe slid my number into your pocket, so if you wanted, when you’re not concussed, you could text me and maybe we could meet for coffee? Not as a date if you don’t want to, I know that would be kind of forward and rushed of me, but—”
Pepper rolled her eyes. “Please don’t finish that sentence, and for God’s sake, never use any form of the word ‘yeet’ ever again. I don’t think the world could handle it.” Tony knew she was mostly joking, though, since she was smiling her patented “Pepper is somewhat amused but doesn’t want to enable Tony any more than she already does” smile, as she said it. The moment stretched on until Pepper glanced at her watch, and Tony already knew what she was going to say.
“Mr. Stark, the eighth anniversary of your parents' deaths is in a few weeks, how do you feel about that? How are you planning to commemorate it?”
vitals to go fuck themselves, but he knew if he didn’t want to be greeted with a text the next morning from a disapointed Pepper that he would have to consume some type of sustenace (that wasn’t coffee). Tactfully retreating from this battle, he had JARVIS shut everything down as he grabbed a leather jacket, sliding his wings through the slits, and then hastily stuffed his feet into a pair of basic, white sneakers, and flew outside. Just as he was leaving, he had JARVIS place his usual order at the local Italian restaurant Tony loved for faster dining.
“Do you want me to walk you back home? I’d feel a lot better if you’d let me. I won’t come in or anything. I would just really like it if I knew you got back safely.”
Time moved like molasses as Tony vaguely registered Steve working up his body slowly, making sure that each and every muscle and bone in his body was as relaxed as could be.
Let it be known that running on only coffee and sleep deprivation was not a winning combination, Tony thought sluggishly to himself as he made his way back to the Tower. He was exhausted, his wings blending into the shadows and dark lighting, doing the bare minimum to keep him afloat as they drooped behind him. At almost midnight, after an exhausting day of meetings and deadline crap, every cell in Tony’s body was screaming to just collapse and take a power nap on the sidewalk. Just for a short while, so he would have enough energy to make it the last quarter mile.
Exactly ten seconds later, his blankets and pillow were cruelly torn from him, leaving him in just a pair of boxers. His jet black wings instinctively curled around him to preserve warmth, and he blindly made grabby hands for his stolen possessions.
He sat up from where he had toppled and crawled into Steve’s lap, cupping his face in his hands and kissing him softly. One of Steve’s hands wound into his hair, the other cupping his ass as he pulled Tony closer, deepening their kiss and licking into his mouth as if he was a man dying of thirst and Tony was an oasis. Tony eventually pulled away, exhaling softly against Steve’s lips, and let the last bits of tension from the day roll off his wingtips. He slumped against Steve, allowing himself a rare moment to be vulnerable and cycle through his emotions.
The mouth-watering smells of homemade Italian food assaulted his nose, and Tony’s stomach immediately took notice, the starving-creature noises that were emanating from it effectively drowning out all other sounds. His wings acted on their own accord, flying him to the kitchen before he had even registered that he was moving.
Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times in shock as Steve smiled fondly at him and went back to finishing cooking the meal. The timer on the microwave going off was what finally snapped him out of it, and he found himself sitting at their kitchen table that had a plain white tablecloth and flowers placed carefully on top. He grinned down at Sirius who was putting his puppy eyes to good use, knowing that food was on its way. Tony laughed softly, patting the forlorn pup’s head, knowing that Steve had already fed him dinner by now.
