"That guy look familiar to you?" He asks, touching the screen, "That jacket?" Dean shrugs, brows up, and Sam rolls his eyes, "Nevermind, stupid question. I think Barry had a picture of him in his office. It might be how you recognized him last night..."
Rowena appears at the top of the stairs, Grimoire hugged to her chest, Dean a few paces behind her heels.
"Admit it, you're keen on my effervescent personality bringing a spright of color to these long, dull, car rides." Crowley croons from what Dean has to now assume is the passenger seat of Cas' truck.
John must see this exchange, because he turns to Sam then, patting him on the shoulder, "C'mon Sammy. Fresh start. Let's get out there and stretch our legs."
"Right." Dean turns to his food, then back to Sam, another piece of info clicking back in place- "Uh, and you think he got his ticket punched by a demon."
The ferocity that burns in his chest at wanting to protect this Dean from any and all harm is overpowering. He's staring over at Cas with an openness of blind trust despite not seeming to even know who anyone is in this room. It could be that he's too naive to know the difference, or it could be that Dean's barest instincts are still at play deep down somewhere in there-
"Oh, no, not- he doesn't. And I don't." Dean wants out of this conversation. He doesn't want to talk about Cas' dating life. Even his
Dean drops the grin, and drops to sit on the bare toilet seat- suddenly feeling way too dizzy for this. But he has to do it, right? If
. Make sure he doesn't go crazy and make a deal or something. That kind of thing. This... just another Tuesday for us.”
Cas: (airplane emoji, airplane emoji, castle emoji, wave emoji, grin emoji, thumbs up emoji, truck emoji, home emoji, bed emoji)
"Geez, how many times have you guys died?" Kaia says incredulously, mostly to herself, but Cas acknowledges it anyway.
The man's face is stern, brow furrowed in that too-serious way. He's so serious, and his hands kind of tickle- a small giggle escapes Dean's lips, which turns to a mild yelp when the man stuff's a hand deep in the front pocket of his jeans, pausing there a second then tearing out- a tiny jangling of keys.
"Wow!" Jody lets her hand drop, eyes wide and uncertain, a small smile creeping in when she meets Sam and Dean's eye again- but they can't seem to meet her same level of enthusiasm. Jaws set, tension you could cut with a knife.
"You earned it," He says, giving him a small pat on the chest as he passes behind his chair, curling his hand to a fist at the warmth of the touch.
Either way, they're both ruined now. Patch it up or not, the proof will always be there in the bones of the building.
But with Sam not anywhere in sight, Dean's acting especially odd. It's... like he either doesn't care, or he's... has he been drugged? That would certainly explain the confusing behavior.
Now, Sam pads into the library, a mug of coffee in each hand and a book under one arm. Cas is seated where he always is- on one of the pair of lounge chairs situated between a couple of shelves.
Sam rises first at the sound of the bunker door clanking open, a mess of voices echoing into the foyer.
"See, I'm not good with all this. I was a computer programmer 'til about five years ago." Abraham explains.
"Cas, I-" Dean starts, all of his words mixing up all of a sudden and he can't figure out the right thing to say. Or what Cas deserves to hear.
"Dean." Cas says, nodding at the vehicle as Dean looks up and swings his vision to match Cas' line of sight. He raises his brows, likely coming to the same conclusion as Cas: someone needed medical attention, and they didn't use a hospital.
She shakes her head, seething, hands in small fists at her side, "Until you forced me to get back in the game, I'd tried to
“I'm not- I mean I don’t... I don’t have a problem with gay people, you know.” Dean finally says, his body stiff, worried that, maybe, that's what Cas might've been getting at.
"Sam, that won't work. She won't quit." He softens, finally, as Sam's readying another argument, "Think about it... would you?"
Sam and Dean rise from their place crowded behind the Impala just as the man kicks the dark-haired man on the ground to unconsciousness and turns delightedly on his heel.
The man eyeballs him up and down, plugging his headphones back in while still jogging in place, "Right. Good luck, buddy."
John's face hardens, and Bucky meets his eye from right beside him, jolting back and reaching for the blade strapped to his hip.
been a tad more communicative than usual… overprotective, you could say, given the circumstances. They
Wendy is standing still and wide-eyed in the center of the living room, looking completely lost, watching as the two approach. There's something
Dean might not know his own name, or what's going on, or where these two people are leading him- but what he does know is there's a pit of worry somewhere deep in his stomach (again, he can't quite put a finger on why) and the only thing that's brought him any amount of calm is the man in the strange coat with a strong grip on his hand.
"Putting a bullet in the monster so they don't kill anyone else- That's how you save people, Sam. Pull yourself together." John grunts, shaking his head and turning towards the body. "We need to burn the body."
, but..." Sam starts, pausing when John scoffs and keeps walking. He doesn't stop, and easily keeps up with John's strides, working harder to temper his anger, "You know... you had a falling out with every single person you've ever had in your corner... I used to think that was just a hunter thing. A bunch of surly old guys that can't get along... but it's not. It's just a
“Hello, LA!” He shouts into the mic, grabbing it with one hand, “What a crowd! Look at all those fresh, new faces. Everyone excited?”
So what’s Dean’s excuse, then? For the staring. He’s still doing it. Eyes dragging over Cas’ face, searching for an ounce of hurt or a single reason to call this whole “forget about it” nonsense off. Finding none.
"I know that..." Dean's voice is small, and he looks at Cas, really looks at him, because surely he doesn't deserve someone like the angel in front of him.
"Yeah, uh," Sam holds it up, showing a document with half of the lines blacked out, several different Men of Letters symbols plastered as watermarks, and a 'CLASSIFIED' stamp in bright red lettering in the center, "Not so much."
That still never made it okay. It doesn't make it okay when Dean is that man, either. Maybe that's the difference between he and his father, though... John never recognized that in himself, but Dean does. He sees it, he just doesn't know how to stop it, because they're everything to him and that scares the crap out of him.
Claire slaps a hand on his shoulder, jolting his vision towards wide, concerned, blue eyes, "What's up?"
can, right?" He says pointedly, "And if this girl cared about Benjamin as much as you say, maybe she stuck around..."
Dean draws his brows, but Cas continues, determined to get this out, "I know that you've sought out inconsequential sexual relations in the past that existed outside of emotional intimacy, but I don't think that is something I can partake in... with you... with how I feel about you. So if you truly don't feel the same way, I'd like to stop... whatever this is."
Sam's already been trying harder to keep the peace for Dean's sake but he just can't do it with a placating hand and soft words anymore.
Dean and John stand in the middle of the thrum of bodies, Sam apart from them but still listening in on their huffing shout match. People collide with their sides, their backs, knocking them to and fro like an untethered tide. They don’t lose their footing, letting the crashes happen.
then calms herself, voice steadying, "The Black Grimoire's written in ancient Druid. How do you propose to find the proper spell without
Cas doesn't stop, taking a few more steps forward simply to challenge the man, willing him to shoot just so he sees how out of his league he is. He then plants himself just a few feet away from the barrel of the gun, locking eyes with the stranger, "Who are you, and
Dean’s never really had many friends like that. Someone he's comfortable enough with to let himself let his guard down and just hang out without anything in mind to do- just enjoying each other’s company. It’s nice.
Dean circles the table, leaning his hip onto the edge and bringing his mug up to his lips, "Texted me last night- said he's got a line on a shapeshifter in Atlanta. I said we could come help, and he said 'don't worry about it.' Apparently he's 'got it.'"
Tommy holds up his hands, face hard, "Man, I don't know what the hell's going on with Vince, alright? All the royalties on our hits dried up years ago... I got two daughters in college. I know what I saw, but..." He swallows, turning away.
You still think you need to be the one to fix everything and take care of it so your brother doesn't have to. But neither of you are kids anymore, and you deserve to be heard, too." He twirls the yellowing leaf in his fingers, sets it on the ground, "You can't hold everything in, always, and expect to be okay- just because you want to keep the peace in your family."
He tries to imagine something like this life laid out before him. Life a helluva lot simpler if you let it be, just surviving without anyone else around to watch you.
"Enough-" Sam calmly places a hand between the two on the seatback, choosing to keep his attention fully on Cas, "Cas, you said when you heard Benjamin, he- he was screaming..."
John crosses his arms and leans against the doorjamb, silent. His eyes focus on the photos lining the desk a few feet away.
Sam rewinds the footage one more time, backtracking to when Dean and the stranger first exited the building- stopping when the man's face comes into view. He... he recognizes him from somewhere...
Half that shit... for all these legendary stories of the great Dean Winchester, he couldn't even figure out how to deal with all
Dean's been giving Sam the cold shoulder for days now. Every time Sam tries bringing up that night, Dean shuts him down. Doesn't want to talk about it.
Heavy footfalls echo from the hall, and John strides in, the brothers both turning to greet him simultaneously.
, "But these troubles are only an extension of whatever you're not talking about that's truly burdening you."
Luckily, Jody saves the day for the second time this morning and cuts through the heavy air with an offering of pancakes. She slides a plate to Kaia first, and the second to Dean. They both mumble their thanks, drowning the flapjacks in syrup and digging in immediately.
"I, um, could fix that for you- if you like." Cas nods at John's leg, and motions to the clear gash on the top of his forehead from the crash. He raises his chin in a confidence he feels he doesn't currently have- which is foolish... he once led armies. John Winchester should not intimidate him in the least.
This overconfidence is getting tired. Dean storms forward, throwing a right hook... and misses as she dodges further right. He throws a left hook, and she punches her own left forward, shoving the arm away, and his body with it. She moves quick as he recovers from the missed shots, and lands a solid right jab directly in his ribs, sending him back even further, doubled over.
"Dumb question. Right. What psycho doesn't love waffles? I mean, they're fluffy." Suddenly he's ravenous, just thinking about the things making his stomach rumble, "You got the little pockets full of syrup. You just cover 'em in whipped cream. Am I right? Anyway, meet me at Waldos', okay?"
The angel left his beer half finished, and Dean swallowed the last of his own before snagging the other from the counter and polishing off what he’d left. He quickly peered around the room, realizing what he’d done without any hesitation at all, and hoped no one else had seen. Not that it mattered. Why would it matter to either of the other men in the bunker? That was a Dean thing to do, finish someone else’s drink. He took Sam’s beers all the time.
Sam clears his throat, wipes a hand down his face, ”I got killed. Dean made a deal. Cas got him out. That’s what happened.” He stands abruptly, carrying his plate out of the room and into the kitchen.
Angels never own anything of their own. Not even themselves. Cas never had a home until the Winchesters came along and kept him around in their tiny corner of chosen loved ones.
Dean nuzzles his nose further into Cas' hair, muffling his own breath, then, and tightening his hold.
He laughs, "Cause you can drop that one right here. I'm good. A little pissed. A little hungry. But I know how to deal with dad."
"They've already done all that, Dean." When Dean doesn't look back up at him, Cas continues, "Dean... Chuck hated me. He hated that I never followed the plans he wanted, so he kept... writing me out. But even when he
have a body. This one's his now, but it's a suit. You take that away, Cas is still Cas. It's in his eyes when they glow white, or in the warmth that stretches from his fingers through Dean's wounds and mends them by hand.
Humanity is ridiculously complicated and... feelings? They're a language that he's taken far too long to gain fluency, and even longer to temper down like all the rest of humanity seem to find the need to do.
”Yes, yes,” Crowley rolls his eye, “Keep those plaid panties unruffled, I’ll find mother and keep her close. I trust you all can figure out the rest in my absence. I know, it’ll be difficult, but try for me, darling.”
"You don't get as far in business as I have without cracking a few eggs, mate. And you? I've got you both cracked
"Dean doesn't believe it himself, but it's in his actions. In his sacrifices- whether he believes them to be selfishly motivated or not, much of the time he's acting on instinct. There's a heart to Dean which I've never once come across before and never will again.
They're saving the big guns for tomorrow (turkey roast, mashed potatoes, green beans with garlic, Donna's special sauce- which Jody says is some kind of spicy gravy, and of course pie) but that doesn't stop Dean from slapping together a big meal for tonight, too. He's going with the Winchester special. About as close to mom's as he's been able to get the recipe so far.
He tries catching his eye, but Dean avoids it, instead keeping his gaze intent on the floor- a pink to his cheeks, fighting off a shy smile.
Robin, his high school romance for a couple months. Cassie his first love for even less than that... Then there was Lisa- his year and a half-long go at a real family.
Cas looks back to Mick, who's eyeing him up and down, a crooked smile on his lips, "I reckon you could finish me off without breaking a sweat. Am I right?"
He opts instead to just walk right in the front door and hope no one's gotten wind yet that he might've switched sides.
He shrugs, so Cas pulls his shoulder ‘til he flops forward enough that Cas can prod at the back of the man’s head.
"Got some time to kill, then." Dean shoulders Cas, the angel moving with it. Cas doesn't react beyond that, fingers twisting absently in his own hands, head dipping to watch them.
Cas, ever a man of angelic grace, shifts in his own seat, bringing one leg up to tuck under the other. This adjusts him closer to Dean so minimally that even Dean himself doesn't notice until Cas reaches out his hand to steal Dean's from atop his thigh. He just holds Dean's hand there, in the little island of the seat in between them, rubbing his thumb over the back of Dean's knuckles.
"All over. Found a few hunts down in Montana..." John shrugs, tilting his head in thought, "tracking a couple more patterns out east."
would probably top the charts on the list of shit that can. A whole "natural order" type schtick. It'd be pretty classic for one of them to fall into a pit like that.
"Shame," She uncrosses her arms, closing the space between them and leaning in, "But actually, I just finished inside. I was reaping a
"I don't know what he's like when it's just the two of you..." Sam continues, thumb tapping the wheel through another turn, "And I know you know we care about you..."
"Stand up," John says evenly, in that too-calm tone that's both threatening and reassuring. Marion does as he's told.
He flicks open the lighter and holds a flame to a candle on a corner table filled with random artifacts and papers- when he hears Jody frantically whispering to Sam a few feet away.
Sam knows. Hell, they're not talking about it, but he knows. Same way he has for awhile now. Trying to get Dean to talk about it in little ways like this. Trying to get his brother to fess up to liking dudes at all. Making him know, in the very unsubtle ways of Sam-feelings-hour, that it doesn't make one single ounce of difference to him whether Dean likes dick or not.
“There was a lot going on at the time, it wasn’t Dean’s fault.” Cas touches Dean’s shoulder reassuringly for just a moment, then lets his hand drop.
Claire grins wide and looks at Kaia, holding in a laugh. Kaia's brows shoot even higher and she grins in tandem, "Whoa there, Romeo. I just meant does he have someone in his life. But you...?"
Mostly it's just Jody, Loraine, and Dad sticking close, lined up together and speaking in hushed tones buried under the crackling of the flames. Eventually, with a small smile, Loraine parts off to go to the twins while dad and Jody exchange a few more words.
"Okay, I'm in," Another voice comes through now, whispering, then raises a moment later- seeming to speak to someone else, "This gun is full of witch-killing bullets. So why don't you go to your Grimoire and tell me how to break the memory spell?"
There's no lineup of pews- maybe they'd been packed up and carted off to the new church when this one closed up shop, save for a couple of broken ones overturned and left behind. But there are a few small pieces of other furniture scattered throughout instead. A couch, some wooden boxes, a podium or two, one half of an abandoned confessional... Clearly it's now just a spot for local kids to break in on weekends and smoke pot, drink beer, and do the best kind of sinning in a dark corner.
cause down to his bones he knew that was what was most important. It's more important than the things that hurt. It makes the hurting worth it.
"Cas?" He calls, low, and Cas groans in response, blearily looking towards his voice, "Hey," Dean crouches to sit on the cushion beside him, reaching out a hand to clasp over his shoulder, grounding the both of them, "You okay?"
John settles in the chair with a grunt, "A few of my contacts are dead, the rest mostly retired and out of the game. Had a couple of guys running on loose intel but they've got nothing. I'm starting to think these brits are less government, more underground."
"No- whoa, whoa. It's me. It's me." He holds up his hands, flat, and John pauses- exactly like Dean knew he would.
What would she think, if she met Dean now? A grown man covered in scars and rough edges, and probably not a whole lot of kind innocence as the four year old she once knew.
Did Dean ask him for help or was that Crowley all by himself trying to save Cas in a failed mission? No, Dean must've asked.
He blinks again, but before he can even mutter out a single word, the man's hands are on him- palming away at his sides. Fingers deftly flitting inside pockets. Dean lifts his arms, not in any kind of defense- which may be something he should be focused on- but it's instead to give the guy better access.
"What do you want me to say, Cas?" He expels a breath, letting his eyes slide open to stare at the ceiling.
He tosses the phone on the bed and turns to the side table. There's nothing on top save for a lamp, but inside the drawer there's a very old, weathered bible beside a questionably older brochure.
He sits in the near dark of the library, the only illumination coming from the desk lamp to his left, the orange glow barely ghosting across the bookbacks of the closest shelf. If he tries not thinking at all for long enough, he can almost pretend it's just another night in the bunker. The early hours when the boys are in their deepest sleep, and he comes out here to leaf through another book until breakfast.
And he doesn’t want any of them dead- not yet. Cause then who else is around to watch him throw a tantrum? Who else is gonna pay attention? Just like a little kid, that’s all he really wants- someone to see.
"Gentlemen, is there a problem?" Sam asks, raising his voice until they're able to step up closer to the three.
They’re strong, but they’re strongest in the face of something to fight. Not to mention, Sam spent decades in a cage already- if anyone’s to have a difficult time trapped between four walls, it’s him.
"I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I did something as selfish as extract my grace, and something were to happen to you or to Sam or the girls- something I could've stopped as an angel."
”No, when I was human I tended to stick to non-perishable foods. I didn’t have a stove so I seldom ate anything freshly cooked.”
"See, that's what I don't get." John tilts his glass towards him, "You take yourself from one mission, give yourself another. Right now, sure, it's 'save the Winchesters, save the world'- but what about tomorrow? Seems to me- angel's wiring- is lining up to a cause and dedicating to that cause a hundred percent. Flaw in the machine is when you choose that cause yourself.
But even after all of that, they'd have these moments with John and he'd tell them he was proud of them, and there'd be a few good memories threaded in with the rest that made it feel sometimes like they really
He places the irradiating gun back in its place, instead trading it for the golden sphere beside it etched in Enochian markings, pulling in a breath through his teeth as he carefully raises the thing to view, "Hyperbolic Pulse Generator. Exorcisms are unreliable. This device emits a force which drives the possessing demon from the vessel."
But Sam hardly looks at them. Vince Vincente just made his entrance, a wide grin spread across his cheeks, arms spread eagle with euphoria at the shrieking crowd before him.
They greet the clerk at the front desk, who dials up one of her supervisors who's more equipped to answer a few questions on Olivia. She rounds the corner a moment later in a black pantsuit with darker skin and a forced smile as she shakes their hands and introduces herself as Beth, a former co-worker to Olivia.
He pretends to see it anyway, but it's not fooling Cas. He's got that dumb smile on his face that he thinks he hides well when he sees Dean being funny but doesn't want to let him know that he thinks so.
And he's got Sammy here with him... Damn, that must be it- that's why he's feeling like he's walkin' on clouds. Ah, man, he's so glad to have that kid back.
"Yes..." Cas lets out another deep sigh, "But he's not in Iowa. Rowena sent him to the deepest depths of the ocean yesterday. He'll return, we just don't know when, or where."
"Good luck finding one of those. Too bad you don't have a time machine, you could hit up a radio shack."
John stuffs his hands in his jacket pockets, peering around, "Been a helluva long time since rolling through this town." he whistles, "Does time fly."
Dean sighs out a breath, and stretches his arms above his head without getting up. He’s in an old pair of Sammy’s pajama bottoms that extend out way longer than a human should- but only because the girls forgot to pack anything comfortable and his clothes were the closest fit, so Alex and Claire are fitted in a couple of his old band tees and plaid bottoms, curled up in the blankets beside him. Or, Alex is curled up- Claire appears to be a sleep fighter of sorts, her limbs all tangled around the blanket covering her- blonde ringlets splayed across her face and every which way around her.
It's probably not the right thing to say. He especially know that because Sam laughs uncomfortably, trying to save face.
She'd sauntered up so self-assured and cocky... Billie's finally winning a round- and she's far too pleased to be witnessing it.
Dean must've heard him come in because when Cas slides into the booth across from him, he's unsurprised, just simply lifting his gaze from his mug with a fond smile.
And he won’t. Sam’s just going again and getting in the middle of something when it’s none of his fucking business. Dean should just start betting himself how long it’s gonna take his brother this time to plug himself in the role of middleman negotiator, then complain about it when neither party wants anything to do with the amends he’s forcing.
He'd nearly forgotten. Understandably, since he wasn't entirely himself at the time. But he does remember.
Ketch hasn't been lying as far as he can tell, but to omit certain truths can be the same thing as, and flush easily beneath the radar. He's well-versed in this tactic. Sam and Dean do it all the time.
Cas focuses his attention back to the binder in his hands, flipping to the next page. It's a listing of unfamiliar ingredients-
The boys used to tease him about it. Not as much anymore since he's started truly trying to get better with human social interactions- but he gets the sense they're simply playing nice and he hasn't actually improved much at all.
They all keep spouting off "fresh start" but none seem all too willing to actually follow through. There's just too much history there. Too much that's happened that can't be forgot.
Cas: He and Dean were taken by the American government and likely are being held in a federal compound
"Um, I'm-" Cas stutters. It's not often- actually probably never- that Dean would ask for advice on a social situation from just about the most socially awkward person he knows.
It's Sam who breaks first. Dean hears them arguing when he gets out of the shower and starts padding down to the kitchen to whip up breakfast, slowing his steps.
As the driver's climbing out, Cas thinks perhaps that this man is accompanying those holding the weapons- but this is rapidly proven false.
When Dean jolted awake in the early hours this morning- he was alone. He must’ve passed out pretty early on in the movie last night because he wasn’t the one to shut it off or move the laptop off the bed.
They reach the end of the hall, and turn left- immediately running into a flustered Lily Sunder. Mouth agape, she tugs out and raises an angel blade in each hand, one extended further than the other- ready for combat.
"Uh Sam's good. He's... good. Alive." He nods quickly, thinking back on the past decade- stories best broken down over a bottle of whiskey, or preferably never at all. Instead Dean chuckles anxiously, opening his phone to check for a signal- holding it up higher, hoping for a stray bar or two, "Probably thinks I'm dead right about now, though."
Ishim collapses into the couch in the center of the room, body deflating into the cushions in a way that can't be all that comfortable. He folds himself over the arm, leveeing up his upper body to be able to get a better look at the wound without putting too much strain on it.
John is already tugging his pistol from the small of his back, double checking and cocking it. He doesn't turn back to Cas. No words of encouragement, no checking in. He just heads surefooted towards the house with all the bravado of a man on a mission.
Dean skips breakfast, and Sam comes to his room a little later to tell him Dad left on a solo hunt for a few days.
"He was, but now..." he pauses, shifting one foot to the other, voice gentle, "Tell me he hasn't been acting different."
"Guess so. Just weird having him back." He keeps saying that a lot, like there's more he feels about it but can't quite find the wording for.
Sam takes a breath, lets it out, tone softening past that of a simple info exchange. Like he's trying to hold it together just to seem normal. If it's for Cas or just for himself, though, he can't tell.
Dean looks at him for awhile, soaking in the lines of Cas' lips and the dark lashes framing glossy blue eyes. Cas looks right back, and he wonders what he sees, laugh lines at the corners of his eyes or the harsh angry folds of his forehead? Maybe both, since when you love someone you can't just love the parts of them that make them beautiful, but who they are despite the ugliest ones. Just like Cas, in all his wrongdoings, Dean has never been able to not forgive him, to not see the good in him still. Any other hunter, any other man, should've turned their back on this angel a few times over. Then again Cas should've done the exact same thing to Dean. Neither could ever seem to do it. Not completely.
Past few years, even those kinds of celebrations have kind of dipped off the radar. Something else always seems to be too big to allow little things like holidays to cross their minds 'til it's too late. Always too busy, or too... dead.
"You can't just breeze past some shit and pretend it never happened. Telling me to kill Sam, selling his soul for me, carting us around our whole lives to find yellow-eyes, leaving a couple of kids without cash for weeks... I wasn't even sure he'd come home at all half the time. And when he was around he'd always drink too much... shove me around... I hid a lot of that from Sam, somehow. Maybe he saw some of it, I don't know. But I gave... everything for that kid. I'm not- I don't need a pat on the back or anything. That's not... that's not what I'm angling for. But I did a lot. Put up with a lot. I dunno, after he was gone, I kind of got a clearer head about it all... When I was done looking up to him and feeling like I couldn't do this without him..." He turns quiet, "Maybe it's better to, but I don't know if I wanna just brush all that off."
for people- it's a means to salvation. But I think I've finally come to understand, it can also be a means to ruin."
He squints for a second, doing the mental math, then scoffs, "Seventy-three? That's way too old, dude, you barely look forty. You can't go around telling people you're almost over the hill."
Physically, it was a cake walk. Mentally? It hurt, and... hell, at the time, big part of him would just as soon rather bleed out than cauterize
Jesus, he's just standing frozen in the middle of the room watching Cas and getting utterly too emotional about it while everyone else dances around him to find a seat. Jack plops down crisscross beside the coffee table, Jody takes the chair, Donna squeezes in beside Cas on the couch, and the rest stay around the table. Cas pats the empty space beside himself and looks at Dean with a small smile just for him.
need a little downtime. Something to lift the spirits, huh? Girls, what about that carnival we passed on the way down here? We can just take the day and then after that if we’re still feeling antsy, we can all talk about getting back to the hunt, yes?”
"Hello, Dean." Cas' deep voice grumbles on the other side, low, with a background of chattering voices and clinking silverware.
"Right." Sam eyes John for a fraction of a second, settling quickly back to the task, "Um, yeah, can we see Olivia's case files?"
A sharp breath of relief flows through Dean, the rest of the room seeming to do the same, all stumbling to catch their footing again. Bucky stands off a little farther than the rest, his head hung in something akin to shame, fear maybe.
John smiles, "Smart." He slaps the back of his hand on Dean's shoulder in passing, "I guess Sammy's not the only one with a brain in this operation after all."
But Cas can't bring himself to care about pleasantries all that much. It's a stupid human courtesy that's never made much sense to him. If you're annoyed and someone is being rude, then just be rude right back. Why be professional when the boy is
Dean? Maybe he doesn’t. Maybe he just loves Dean in like a more than platonic way but less than romantic one. What would that look like? Isn’t that what they’ve already been all along? Crap, did Cas even
"They're weird." She's breathing rapidly, as though doing something strenuous or rushing somewhere, very definitive.
Can't remember the last time he felt so light, like his chest isn't as tight. Shoulders lighter, less to worry about. Must be something in the air.
"It's for positive energy." He raises his chin, and she takes that as confusion, clarifying, "I'm a wiccan."
"Now tell me." Cas' voice barely raises, but there a clear threat behind the timbre of it, "The girl-
Come to find out, some of those things are what pushed Sam right out of his life in the first place. Ain’t that a kick in the teeth.
"Listen, man," Sam says, swiping a hand down his face, collecting himself- not trying to come off as the scolding little brother but more the
Maybe that's something that has Cas' gears all in a twist about this, too. Caring about the meatsuit you're wearing doesn't seem to be a regularity for the god-squad. If this Benjamin guy is anything like Cas- where Cas always did care about Jimmy on some level- then it makes sense why they'd be such good pals. There's basically zero angels that have the same kinds of morals to Cas in a lot of matters.
On the flip-side, part of his sleep-addled wine-drunk brain is screaming 'fuck it' and to pull Cas into his room right now. Not for anything physical. Nah, that would be a classic Dean Winchester move, wouldn't it?
And sure, it's been awhile for Dean. Years, probably. So maybe seeing two people in passionate throes gets him a little antsy sometimes. But that's... normal.
Cas looks down at himself and just shrugs. "I don't know," he says honestly, running a hand down the fabric on his chest, "This is what I'm comfortable in."
And he listens to it, and he sees the way Cas looks at him. It’s the same way he always looks at him- like Dean actually means something.
Cas often spends mornings watching the sunrise in the east, just up the hill. Dean doesn't sleep much, so he's joined him more and more frequently. Sometimes they'll walk together, and Dean seldom brings a jacket despite the chill in the air at that time, so Cas gets away with putting a warm arm around him, Dean settling in comfortably sidled up to his thigh. Sometimes he thinks Dean might do it on purpose, as an excuse to seek comfort in touch. But that's simply hopeful and possibly even delusional on Cas' part to think Dean would.
to make the guy proud of him, to get him to see what a good kid he was and a good son and a good soldier... maybe he just tried so hard because John never gave him any lick of the attention he so desperately needed.
"Yeah, I changed my mind." He keeps his voice low, turning to watch the melee- Lily's garnered an upper hand with one blade swinging down, then the next in her opposite hand- Ishim blocks one blow but he's too slow for the second, and she comes down with the handle for a disorienting hit straight to the nose. It might not be a totally even fight, but it's damn close.
She chuckles and grins, but seeing the morbid look on Cas' face makes it slip down again, eyes dropping back to her plate, pushing a hunk of meat around with her fork, "Just cause I know he was totally fine after, so that's..." She shakes her head, curls whipping messily around her face, "Dean told me awhile back that I should go easier on you cause the things you did, you did to save the world. I think... I definitely knew that, but I didn't really
They park the Impala on the outside of the gate to the property. Clearly it's a warning that no future- ie modern- machinery is allowed.
Gaze cold and unmoving from Dean's, he says evenly, "What the hell happened to you, Dean? You used to be a good soldier. Sometimes you lose people. So what? You pick yourself up and you keep fighting. The
Billie looks him up and down, slowly, then steps around him, holding a single hand up to the door, "Better get ready, cowboy. When I tell you to jump, you jump."
"Cas! Cas! Cas!" Dean catches him just in time, clasping his hands on the angel's chest, one just on the lapel of his jacket and the other at his tie, "Don't hurt him. Not yet."
"Not everything has to be a 'time-bomb.' Look at Claire and I. We've managed to make things work fairly well despite our past together." He shrugs, fiddling with a leaf on the ground by his shoe, shuddering at the memory of his first meeting with her, "Maybe he, too, has seen the error of his ways."
But it's more than that. She's that little girl, and she's the strong young woman she's grown into. No longer so angry she can barely contain it, or so devastated she has to keep anyone around her at arms length. She's a combination of the two. Kind, and strong, and tough, and good- and all of the qualities in between forged from the embers of someone she was meant to be in two entirely different timelines.
But Dean and Cas are too busy staring across the table at each other, different levels of annoyed that all translates back to a childish game of traded pissyness covering up how deeply they give a shit.
His trenchcoat is strewn across the comforter beside him, so he reaches over to unpocket his cell. It's pretty late, but for Dean that usually means nothing, so he shoots him a text to check in, asking about their case. He seemed frustrated at the lack of contact yesterday, so perhaps this is something he needs as well.
"You-" John surges forward, but Dean blocks with his left arm, and swings again- brutally pummeling down with his right on the corner of John's eye.
Her family... no right minded person just lets their kid die like that, no matter their beliefs. They help them by any means necessary. Sam doesn't even have a child and he knows that.
"Uh, if you wanna help, I guess crumple a few of those into balls and stuff them between these logs." Dean points to a couple of logs he'd already placed in the center of the circle, and stands.
Dean, however, is simply standing still- swaying on his feet a bit- and looking aimless with a soft, confused smile. His head bobs from looking at each Cas and Rowena periodically. He raises his brows when Cas meets his eye again, smile spreading.
Or has ever done. At motels maybe, just out of necessity, but never just to be around a guy. He’s not a thirteen year old girl at a sleepover.
"Realty office. The women were very excited to help me once I showed them my badge." He tilts his head to John, raising his brows, "Murder mystery fanatics. Did you know people are thrilled with the concept of 'true crime'? It's odd, considering the gruesome nature of some cases... but anyway, they were very helpful."
Unamused, Kelly stares at him, shoulders hunched over her hands clasped tightly around the glass, "Who are you people?"
And Dean carried around Cas' festering old bloody coat through all of them- just like Sam had said. It hadn't just been stuffed into a corner of the Impala's trunk and forgotten about. He could've even left it in Baby in storage. But he chose instead to carry the mildewed piece of fabric with the rest of their belongings deemed essential enough to change out from one temporary trunk to the next.
Dean draws in a sharp breath, looking up to meet Sam's gaze, head swirling with those words and a sudden inability to actually comprehend them. He might be short circuiting. He's waiting for Sam to say something else. To take it back. But he doesn't. And he's not.
. Loraine shrieks, the black smoke sailing out of Elvis' corpse and upstairs- surely seeking out the next body for his sick little game, leaving the fresh corpse to crumple to the ground.
"The dimmest I ever saw it was when you had the mark. That's how I knew something was wrong. Something dark was scarring you." He lets his hand drop, staring at Dean's chest a moment more before looking back to his face with a curious expression, "These past couple of days it's brighter than its been in a long time... maybe because..." He tilts his head, "Are you happy, Dean?"
He wants Sammy not to feel so guilty. He wants John to act like a dad. He wants to have his family back. Be a unit. Work together. Listen to each other.
There's a water stain in the fold where the ceiling meets the wall, veining out, corrupting the integrity of the fusion of two separate parts. Did the stain start with one side and thread to the other as a natural progression? Or did the ceiling leak first, bringing the wall with it as it's corrupted?
"I don't know why he was trying to separate us all in the first place..." Dean mumbles, knowing damn well he knows exactly why- and one peek at Sam tells him he might just know exactly why, too.
“Don’t you argue with me, boy. Pull them out if you have to.” John shouts in what would be a level too high under normal circumstances, but here seems the norm amongst this many screaming fans.
"Thank you." Cas says coolly, placing two fingers on Jamie's forehead and lowering the now-dead-weight to a heap on the ground.
"Even in Hell, even torn up and mangled as that soul was, he still shone the brightest of any being there and any that walks on earth now.
Eyes wide, he turns to Crowley, who refuses to look at him, pursing his lips guiltily and peering just about anywhere else in the room.
"Come on," Dean leads Cas the opposite direction from the rest of the group, back towards the more deserted areas of the park where the lot is. As they're walking he has the stupid thought to strip off his own flannel and hand it over to the angel... but what is he, a kid with his prom date? No. Cas will survive the fifty foot walk to the car, thanks.
He barely has a chance to finish and Bucky's yelling out to the room, "Hey! Our famous friend said the magic word!"
He turns to Sam, who's been staring out the window far too quietly for way too long, and he realizes he's got his earbuds in- hasn't heard a word Dean's said. Probably drowning inside his own head thinking about Lucifer, letting it eat away at him.
John stands, tearing off a scrap corner from a notepad and quickly scribbling something down before holding it up, "We've got another body."
”Not that I’m not one for halftime pep talks,” John cuts in, “But we’re gonna do this- next go round might be our last, we can’t go jogging in half-cocked thinking we’ll win anything.”
"We were sent to a, uh, small town in Maine. Ishim led myself and four other angels on an extremely... important mission.
Dean shrugs, scoffing uncomfortably, holding his gaze sternly at Mick- seemingly to avoid Sam's. Cas sidesteps from behind Mick, backing off to his right instead, between both enemies in the room. Even if the woman is unconscious, these people have proven not to be underestimated in any circumstance.
his friend, and he's done a shit job at showing that these days, but if he really wants to nail it home, it's not like Cas'll know the difference.
He softens, wondering how he might be able to appear less threatening- difficult part being he never truly considers himself all that threatening in a general sense so it's difficult to ascertain what he could do to aid in her comfort.
Silence drops again and Dean's eyes find their way to Cas, like they seem to do a lot lately. The angel is grinning ear to ear beside Donna, who lands a dart easily and jumps up in excitement. She holds up her hands for double high fives, and Cas is a little slow on the uptake but lands on the right conclusion and slaps tentative hands against hers. She hollers a "whoop," startling Cas into a laugh. Dean finds himself grinning so hard his cheeks are stiff.
Dean scoffs, rolling his eyes, putting back up a front, "Nothing. I-" He stops, because it's not nothing, and it's not fair to Cas to say it is. So he gives the most truthful answer he can instead, "I don't know. I never knew, I-"
Sam takes a breath and turns, face to face with Elijah- weapon trained at the center of his chest. The kid's face is contorted in resolve, "Don't. Move."
Sam is stuck on his back- several feet from Dean- appearing to make more progress than anyone else in releasing himself from the invisible weight against their bodies. He’s rocking sideways, managing to roll onto his stomach the same moment Dean’s able to heaven himself to his hands and knees.
The guy's hesitant at first, an unsure look passing over his face- but he pulls out his phone easy enough, unplugging his headphones and handing it over.
They rush into the hallway and Sam slows, Cas stopping mid-step in the entryway, "Hey, wait a second. Where you off to?"
"Hah hah," Sam grins, then shrugs, "Figured we'd stop by on the way home, see you, Claire and Alex."
doing anything positive for his already fucked back… which is his first thought- eyes springing open a split second after the air feels a little too fresh, the rustling of leaves a little to close to his ear.
Maybe that's something leftover from the rest of the angels- the fact that Cas doesn't smile a whole lot. They don't have a huge amount of joy in their lives- it's forbidden, even, to show it or
"I'm with Donna," Sam says by way of his entrance, sleepy eyes peering around with a hand shuffling through his hair to tame the mats built from a heavy couch sleep, "Adorable."
He nods and Cas holds his gaze, certain of this one simple fact. This manages to ground him, "She was human."
What's with this house, anyway? No weapons, no holy water? Maybe there’s an edge to thinking everyone should take after the great paranoid masters among the likes of Bobby Singer or Rufus Turner...
He kicks back the glass, taking the swig before firmly planting the glass in front of him, staring down at what's left of the brown liquid.
When the sun's just fully reached past the horizon, inching its way up the sky, something in the air filtration clanks. He's never fully investigated it, but it seems like a daily nocturnal schedule- maybe to better regulate the temperature inside. Then there's the pipes. But that's not the building, really, it's just Dean waking them from their stillness with his morning shower. They creak and groan inside the walls, and Sam's been worried they'd have to repair them eventually with how vocal they've been for years, but Dean's never seemed all that concerned. Actually, he's probably excited for the day they finally bust open so he can put his home carpentry skills to work.
"Jesus, Cas..." Dean breathes finally, breaking his gaze away to look down at his shoes. "You can't just say stuff like that..."
Sam coughs into his hand, pressing his mouth in a line and looking up directly at the ceiling when he pulls both Cas and Dean's attention.
Dean places his hand on Cas' chest this time, still meeting his eye, "Closer than I've been in a long time."
. Lucifer. Do you get that? He'll brush through a mess of hunters like-" snaps his finger, swipes his hand flat in front of him, "nothin'. Then what?"
kind of a father you wanted me to be, but I sure as shit was never gonna be any fuckin t-ball coach pattin ya on the back for a B plus on your pop quiz. Not with the life we had to lead. You're a strong kid with a good head on your shoulders- most of the time-
he?" Crowley doesn't seem all that surprised, but there's still a note of glee in his voice, "I'll have to send a fruit basket. Saving the world with no casualties? Winchesters are ever a surprise."
The first few months after Cas got back from the empty, he and Dean split their time between the bunker and Sioux Falls, but as soon as the house was mostly finished they moved here full time. Sam and Eileen stuck around the bunker, though, and they've turned the place into a full-fledged hunter waypoint. They hunt on occasion when something turns up, same as he and Dean, but mostly they just man the phones and front the research for the younger hunters still on the road. Dean called them the "New Bobbys" for awhile, though when Sam pointed out that Dean is the new Ellen they cooled and all poured one out for their fallen friends. Now they're just Dean and Sam, no new anyone because no one can quite fill the shoes of the ones they've buried.
"Can't find Sam without Dean taking the lead... Use the right sigil and you're blasted out to the moon-"
Claire snorts, "I'm pretty sure they’ve always looked at each other like that. If it's not Cas with the whole heart-eye thing, it's Dean. Like a couple of schoolgirls. They just need to bone already."
Cas looks at Dean, meeting his eye, and they share a moment's communication through that. Cas is still wary of the man, but he's given him enough of the benefit of the doubt for the moment. He trusts that they'll all be allowed out of here in one piece, but that's the extent of it. They still tortured Sam, they still sent another woman to kill them and failed.
Cas scoots to the door, just barely pulling its handle when Sam slams one of the men against the car- he lands a single punch to the man's gut before the next is already on him. Dean's still grappling for the gun with the first man- so Cas moves to the other end of the seat, shuffling out just as the fights are reaching a head.
"She was a killer, Sam. A dangerous one." The ropes loosen and fall from Sam's wrists, and he clamors to his feet without John's help.
For their sakes, Cas has found himself wishing for that fictional, idolized version of John, too. Searching the man's face for traces of who they've believed in their entire lives. The strong, doting father that was always there for them when they needed him most.
Sometimes he lets himself wonder if Dean feels it too, the warmth in his entire body, skin tingling, the rhythms of their mingling heartbeats in their ears, chest on chest. He always feels his own heart speeding up, racing so fast he can hardly breathe. Dean has to feel that, too. Maybe he doesn't because his is just as fast. But that's only a hope.
It's a shady truck stop diner, no different from the millions of others across the country. A blinding neon sign in the lot promises the best burgers in the Midwest. Just like every other diner in the Midwest does, too.
That’s what they do. When one of them can’t manage a lick of faith anymore, the other’s gotta go double time on it.
"I don't like this." John grumbles, slamming the car door with more aggression than necessary, keeping his eyes glued ahead on the two brits past the nose of the vehicle.
The doors creak out that familiar metallic chorus as they both climb in the front, slamming them one after the other.
Cas shrugs subtly, choosing to keep his eyes on Mick as well- who is suspiciously confident and composed at how entirely outnumbered he suddenly finds himself.
“You were homeless?” Kaia asks, direct. Kid sure knows how to read between the lines. She points her fork at Dean accusingly, “Weren’t you around?”
"Alright. Alright..." Sam softens, grabbing the keys to the Impala, "We're retracing your steps. And I'm driving."
”Been a little busy, Sam. Didn’t come up.” He forces out, stiff, still staring intently at the table.
"Cas I don't get to have things like this." Dean finally looks at him, drowning in the soft blue eyes of the man he wishes he could just let himself love.
Maybe the staring thing is normal for that kind of duo. When one of them is in love with the other one. When one’s an angel and doesn’t realize that staring so long at someone isn’t a normal human thing to do.
He stops short, cutting himself off with a shake of his head, swaying in place- then hardens right back up again, pointing bitterly at Dean's chest, "And you know why I never said shit about Adam? Cause that kid-
This time, he startles awake feeling the last bit of his drained body thread itself back together. Warmth wraps around him, the quiet of the room blanketing his ears in a mock type of peace, and the voices in his head echo around aimlessly until he's able to temper them down to a dull hum.
He just misses the time when he could still see his dad that way. When John was a savior for them. When John was just their dad even though he didn’t act much like it all the time, and Dean could still believe that the sometimes was enough.
Cas slowly raises a hand up and gingerly caresses Dean's jaw with the lightest feather of a touch to guide his eyes back up to his own. Dean lets him. "You're a good man, Dean Winchester. You clearly don't hear it enough so I'm going to have to keep saying it whether you like it or not."
”Any news on the big kahuna downstairs?” Dean asks, slamming his duffel down on the table. Cas looks up at the sound, eyelids drooping sleepily. He briefly blinks at Sam and John before settling a squinted look at Dean.
"Right." Dean frowns bitterly, pushing his glass to the center of the table so he's not tempted to keep pouring 'til he can't think. "Well, thanks for that."
Now, though, Dean's voice is clear if not a little overtired. A little raspier, like he hasn't used his voice since he spoke to Cas last.
"I thought driver picks the music?" Cas asks, but tugs the box into his lap anyway and starts rifling through.
Sam ignores him, laughing, and turns to their dad who’s looking them both over questioningly, gaze lingering on Dean, “He’s mother-henning.”
“Nah, just, uh- here,” Dean took a step, and outstretched the hand holding the mixtape, “Thought you could use some tunes for the road, if you’re gonna be out there hittin the pavement for the girl.”
That earns him another snort from Sam, who finally quits and opts for keeping his eyes out the window. Enraptured by the thrilling type of tv that bland rolling hills can provide.
It's then he realizes maybe he can't ever truly see Cas, but he can still feel him. The same way Cas looks at Dean's soul and tells him it's the purest one he's ever seen. Dean feels Cas' grace flow through him and he
"Hey!" He spreads his arms out wide, and Dean comes up beside him around the corner, breaking into that grin at the sight of the girls spilling in through the doorway.
," She annunciates it like an obvious fact of nature, and when she notices their raised brows, stammers to clarify, "I mean, Olivia was great, but this is Child Protective Services. We get threats all the time."
But the thought remains- maybe Cas did know. And maybe, a part of that sacrifice was because of it. Because maybe Cas
He'd thought he'd been mostly alone in that. Like there’s something messed up inside him for feeling like this.
"Okay, Sam Winchester-" Sam says, placing his own hand flat on his chest, then moves it to Dean's own chest, "Dean Winchester. You're my brother. Our mom is Mary Winchester. Dad is John Winchester. Cas- Castiel. He's an angel. He's our best friend. Okay?" Sam nods, encouraging Dean to do the same.
thing he needs is to find out he rang up Cas in the middle of a blackout fugue state, drugged out of his mind. God only knows what the fuck he'd have said.
John suddenly stops his pacing, seeming to temper down his rage, "Why..." He leans down, slapping a hand clean on the map table. "Why didn't you call me?"
Cas tilts his head, eyes rolling, "You're perfectly apt at being nice when you want to be, Dean. I mean, what is this really about?"
It's been better having Cas stick around while Crowley follows his own leads elsewhere for the time being. Feels a little bit more like how things are supposed to be. Which, of course, just brings on a fresh wave of that same old guilt that festers in the wake of all things John. It's not right to feel relieved, but a big part of him can't help it.
on the laptop. It's way too early for Christmas movies- but no one can figure out a good enough Thanksgiving equivalent. So,
"Yeah," Dean pounds a fist on the railing, glancing around, "When we're not on the road. It's, a, uh... long story," He waves that off and turns, heading to the stairs. John follows. "An old Men of Letters bunker."
Dean sighs, the tenseness held in his shoulders slowly unraveling, "I'm gonna grab a few more hours."
Girl completely ignores him- Sure, don't introduce yourself or anything- and walks right past to the center of the room- "You-" he starts, but she pays him no mind. He just shuts the door behind her, since she can't be bothered with that either, apparently.
"No idea. Stay here." Then disappears around the corner before his father can argue with him on tactics because the worst part about this is he really doesn't know at all.
“Once he gets to know you, he’ll come around.” Dean's voice comes out hard, but too hard in the way that it's nearly pleading.
He shakes his head, "I don't know her name. Like I said, Benjamin was very protective of her- knowing her name, it might've led an enemy to her family. He'd never have allowed that."
His hands are shaking, adrenaline pumping through every corner of his body so loudly and so vast- his ears are blaring. He takes a few short breaths, gripping the phone in both hands, staring at the wall in front of him.
"I'm not." He says it as sternly as he'd pass an order in the field because it's something that simply can't be questioned. He can't have Cas thinking that Dean is just using him or entertaining him or anything at all outside of the truth. Even if Dean can't quite bring that truth into words just yet. He says it less hard the second time, "I'm not."
There's something significant in the way that Dean introduces him to this stranger that Cas can't quite pinpoint. His eyes flicker between the two men: Dean playing the peacemaker and timidly acquainting the two while the other man stands coolly off to the side, face unchanging from its former severity.
”Shut your filthy mouth!” The demon starts to twirl right- Bucky heaves against her- his entire body weight colliding with a resounding
He’d never let that time slip by too fast. He’d savor it. Treasure it as he has with all the moments before.
"Well, whatever you decide to do, you won't be alone in doing it." Cas reaches over and smacks the neck of his bottle against Dean's.
"Gotta be true to the spirit a' the holiday" She beams, "'Sides, I gotta get goin' soon. Hanscums are big on the family dinners so I gotta spread the love while I can. 'S what the day's all about."
For the first time, John actually looks at Sam with fury. Sam looks on, frozen, mouth agape and flicking his eyes to Dean like he might have a better way to answer.
still in Dean’s bed in the morning. It'd be kind of weird, sure, but that'd be kind of on brand for Cas. He kind of likes that, the... weirdness of the guy. That overly affectionate, doesn't know where lines are drawn type of thing that Cas just exudes in his presence.
"Yes... I don't know if they've been used, though." He admits. Lucifer likely wouldn't have any use or need for such a thing, but the truth is he simply can't be certain. There's not a great deal that he remembers from that time.
"And I won't let you sacrifice yourselves. You mean too much to me, to everything." Cas rakes in a shaky breath, collecting himself, "Yeah, you made a deal. You made a stupid deal, and I broke it. You're welcome."
"Kind of always been his M.O." The cup twirls between two fingers, "Way Cas tells it, he's been filtering in and out for weeks."
I may post another chapter or so within the next week, but I’m unsure. I’m moving tomorrow so things will be busy for a lil while for me. But also writing this has been a great way of distracting from that stress so who knows, maybe I’ll get even more done hahah.
Sam's moving beneath his touch, seeming to look one direction, then another- but he hasn't said anything.
When they part, finally, Dean pats Sam on the back of the head, mussing up his hair with a smile that's hiding something behind it. Probably that same fear they'd lived together in the motel bathroom, that little pocket of time thinking this might be it.
Maybe he should call Jody. If he called now she'd be able to get here before daybreak tomorrow. But then if she got caught too… he'd simply be the useless angel sending all of his friends in to this strange house to die.
"Come on," Sam smacks his brother's sleeve, tugging him along, leading him to the back exit- "Alright, so..." he feels around his jacket, pulling a flashlight from the inner pocket, eyes roaming the area, "You crashed there-" motioning to the garbage pile beside the building, flashlight swinging to the open lot and stretch of woods beyond the camera's eye, "You ran that way. Uh, shot..." his eyes fall to the ground, "Here-" a shell casing discarded in the dirt, he picks it up, "Yep. Witch killing bullet."
Dean licks his lips, shuffling his boots in the dirt before continuing, voice still as raw, "I mean,
Cas meets Dean's eye as they approach the house, and tilts his head forward in silent question. Dean nods, and Cas takes the lead, heading towards the open garage.
"That man is very..." He takes a deep breath, exhales long, "Irritating. Cruel, even." Cas shifts again, straightening up to better look at Dean, "I'm sorry, I know he's your father, and I should-"
With a final glance of betrayal to a shameful Sam, Dean straightens back to Ketch, "And why should we believe anything that you have to say?"
Cas turns. The house is two stories- the entire first floor boarded up without so much as a shaft of light escaping the inside, a junker of a truck broken down out front, and a large red barn just to the rear of the house. It's innocuous enough on its own, and was once probably a nice home to a nice family. Now, it's nothing less than sinister.
If there's one thing growing up with a big brother's taught him, it's how to win easy in a slap fight when you're the one behind the wheel. He jerks to the left, just barely, and just sharp enough that Cas' eyes go wide, distracted by the movement-
"I'm not a hunter, I'm a poor excuse for an angel. My skills are extremely limited. So... yes. I called
Dean fixes him with a look and yanks his arm out of Sam's grip, trudging forward the last few steps to the front door without bothering to correct him with the knowledge John shot the guy twice, thirty seconds into meeting him.
“You know,” Claire takes another full bite, turning to Cas, cheek overfilled, "Aside from the tragic lack of bar-fight stories and the depressing fact you only have maybe three friends, you should write like- an autobiography or something. Betcha all those religious nut-jobs would have a stroke at all the 'historical inaccuracies' you'd red-pen up in the bible."
" He steps up close to his father, "You think we didn't try that first time around? I shot him myself. Clean through the skull. He-" dusts his hands together spreading them wide and stepping back, "walked it off. Like nothin'. But what wasn't nothing- Jo and Ellen Harvelle. You remember them, right?
"You realize whenever you do that, I can still read it in the reflection of your window there," Crowley points at the box of a reflection with an amused smirk.
Dean lets out a hard breath, feet shuffling like a toddler caught, "What, and you're not? One minute he's all hugs and 'great to see ya, kid' then blowing town the next..."
They round the corner, back toward the front of the diner, and he spares a glimpse at Ishim- doubled over, grunting out ragged half-breaths and clutching at his side, a dark spot blooming around the torn fabrics of his vest. He might be a little worse off than he'd thought.
“I’m glad he’s back, I am... it’s not like I don’t love the man... Hell, I used to follow him around like he was a friggin' God. For awhile it seemed like he had all the answers, you know? Like nothing could touch him. Now... it’s been so long without him... just, a lot’s changed.”
This memory loss makes no sense. Biting at bits and pieces but leaving other ones behind completely.
Dana saunters up then, two plates in hand, and sets them in front of the duo. They nod their thanks.
"I wasn't the only to receive the call to aid, as I expected. There'll be more angels in town later this evening. I set up a meet."
Pink spreads across Dean's face again, reaching up to his ears this time. He's not usually so sheepish when it comes to women complimenting him.
"Do you believe me? It's going to be okay, Magda. Okay?" He nods, willing her to believe it. To trust him.
John and Cas stand on either side of him, listening intently to the same story. Cas remaining quiet and observing isn't unusual, but John piping down is surprising. Dean's not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, though.
to do? A position he'd chosen whilst Cas was already asleep, opening himself up to further intimacy when the concept of intimacy
He doesn't understand it, or know when or how it happened, or why out of anyone at all it would be Cas that he's fallen for, but... Dean
"Forget about it. Happy Thanksgiving, Cas." She folds her arms around him, the small smile touching her lips softer than she'd usually let anyone see. Cas holds her close, and presses two fingers to her forehead. She blinks up at him, looking a little bit more refreshed when she nods teasingly to Dean, "No wonder that one keeps you close."
"Look at his face," Dean continues laughing, a deep-belly type, "Oh, kind of like the time when I are all your Halloween candy. You remember that? Classic."
Dean could feel Cas’ shoulder blades tense under his own fingertips and almost let go before Cas returned the hug, fingertips clinging as desperately to the back of Dean’s shirt, gripping the fabric in his fists.
Sometimes prayers aren't coherent sentences laid out like an open letter addressed to him. Sometimes, though not often, they can be a strong essence directed his way.
How many times growing up had he had a gun pulled on him just trying to wake dad up so he'd help drive him and Sammy to school?
What he wouldn't give to fall back into old Dean's life back then, even for a day. When he thought that was the worst it would get. Some demon activity, a couple werewolves, worried about losing the fight of the week and losing his brother- but that was it.
He can't even check if he sent the guy a text or not- but based on his reaction he'd gauge likely not.
Those words from a man like John mean so little it's almost laughable. Another stale regurgitation from that lot all those weeks ago... "
"'Wendigo?' Is that, uh-" Dean starts, but Bucky turns to the room again at the mention of the same trigger-word.
"It's difficult to do. My mind never seems to cease thinking, but to get to sleep you're supposed to
"Chip off the old block, huh?" Dean jokes, picking up his lukewarm beer for a hefty chug. He swallows, drops it back on the table when John simply frowns, fixing him with a stern glare. "Look, I had to."
There's another man at the top of the stairs. He was chasing the first one... and comes to a stop, staring at Dean with wide eyes.
Cas doesn't know. He can't imagine what kind of "good" hunts there could be as children with their father, trained to kill things when barely old enough to understand death at all.
"Enjoy!" She grins with a wave, picking up the last plate on the counter and walking it to the back corner. Neither of the men turn to look over, but the girl seems grateful enough for the food from the small mumblings that Cas overhears. At least she doesn't leave without eating it.
Castiel pulls up to the bunker's exterior, heart pounding against his chest so hard he feels it in his ears. He turns the truck off and just hops out and instantly darts forward, abandoning the keys inside. It might not even be in park, cause it keeps rolling a few extra feet. Dean would hate that, but this is about Sam so he'd probably do the same thing... if he were still alive to care about things like that.
The only reason he hadn't slapped the thing the moment he'd finished it was because of that. That exact reason. He couldn't blow Cas to the moon- not like this.
He’s starting to understand why Dean so frequently warns Cas not to make such foolhardy decisions without informing the rest of the group.
It's odd, generally speaking, Cas doesn't much care one way or another how people perceive him. Half the time, he's in a room and he just
With a heavy sigh and a glare at the demon, he steps up to the house- Crowley at his heels as he raps his knuckles against the wood a few times. A blonde woman opens the door rapidly following the third knock.
Ketch and Mick exchange a look, the stiffness leaving their shoulders only a fraction before Ketch nods back at Cas, "Bravo."
It's the same room- the one he'd peeked at in the basement. The candles, the cross high on the other side of the room, and... Magda.
"Well!" Jody lets out a fast breath, straightening, and looks between the brothers, "I think that calls for a drink. Beer?" She points at Dean, who nods, then Sam, "Beer?"
God, Cas is important. How does he do that all the time? Going around thinking he's absolutely nothing when he's absolutely everything? He's everything
supposed to do?" Her voice is small, and for the first time since being popped into this strange room with all these strange people, she seems lost.
They clear the building in a matter of minutes- its layout pretty open, not a lot of hidden rooms save for the padlocked basement. Sam waves the other two inside, giving the go-ahead, tucking his gun back in the waist of his jeans.
Luckily, the more he seems to learn about Cas and anything that could possibly weaken him, the more he appears to warm to working alongside him, too. For now. As if he simply needs to have an out- a leg up- in order to feel comfortable teaming up for a short haul.
"Maybe. I haven't asked." Cas stabs his stick into the grass, the marshmallow still smoking from the top of it. He grabs a couple of graham crackers and chocolate, starting to layer the pieces together. "I've found this bit of in-between is fairly suiting for me. I'm not quite human, but also not quite angel, just... something else entirely."
Cas is inclined to agree, but he can't exactly say as much at this particular moment, "They helped us with Lucifer."
This was a bad idea. Cas already has enough on his plate, he shouldn't be worrying about Dean's side of the coin, too. He shakes his head, "You know what- nevermind-"
It's a couple more weeks- another case gone by, John still on the road solo- when the boys are in the Dakotas and decide to swing by Jody's to surprise her and the girls. Dean leans on the threshold and raps on the door a few times, Sam beside him with hands deep in his pockets. They're both clearly exhausted, winding down now that the adrenaline from the hunt has had the time to wear off.
"So," John clears his throat, nodding to him, "This angel of yours- you're sure putting a lot of faith in him on this one."
it's so warm in here. It's Dean- completely asleep, a dead weight pressed against and nearly draping over his side. Sometime in the night he'd flipped to his stomach, head pressed into the top of Cas' head, snoring softly into his hair.
That only happened once, in his defense. And oh, man, was that a bad one. Refused to tell Sammy what'd happened- and it was obvious the kid had been waiting up for him back at the motel. Had to have been after 2 A.M. at that point.
John doesn't answer- frowning. Why would he answer, the man thinks his whereabouts don't matter to his own kids. Nah, that's his own business. Always has been.
"Loneliness is kinda worse when you know you had something better once. But if you never had it, you never know enough to know what's missing."
He lays back on the bed, his feet still planted firmly on the ground, an unpockets his phone, holding it over his face. He taps on Cas' contact.
Blinking once more, three more times- Dean quickly gains back a modicum of sight- Cas' face the first thing he sees: eyes scrunched closed, a small furrow between his brows- and he's only inches away.
Maybe in some lights it is- but in many more it feels like a prison. To live so long and see so many things... there are times where it feels like he's not even living at all, simply an observer to everyone else.
He doesn’t say it but Dean knows him well enough to know Sam’s only been thinking of the last time he saw the man- they were arguing, like usual. All they ever really did was argue. Now, Sam is looking on at their dad incredulously, differently than he's ever looked at him before.
He'd never understood that until now. It seems that Dean continues, even from the grave, to teach Cas matters of the human experience.
He tugs it, and music shoots out of the phone- immediately recognizing it as one of Ladyheart’s own…
“Cas is going through Aldrich with a fine-toothed comb.” He circles the table and settles in the chair in front of his laptop again, tugging a second chair along with him. He pats the seat in invitation, “Nothing yet. And I’ve cracked every database I could find. You?”
There's Sam, and there's Cas. Brother, best friend. Angel. There's mom- Mary. Lawrence. Dad- John. Alive. Bob... Bobby...
Dean dips his head, stands, and pulls the needle off the vinyl, sheathing the record back in the cardboard instead of flipping it. Instead of asking Cas to stay a little longer. Or asking him to stay at all.
Without loosening his grip on Jamie's shirt, Cas pulls away, looking over his shoulder. Dean's already headed that way. He checks the cab, sure enough, finding a small envelope holding a note with a plane's tail number on it.
"Well, whatever he was, looks like he, uh, certainly made one hell of a..." Dean snaps his fingers, searching for the word, "Uh..."
If it was bad enough, Cas wouldn't have even told Sam about it. So, maybe he had- Cause Sam hasn't said shit.
They exchange thanks with Wendy and head out, Crowley immediately diving in to subject non-Rowena as soon as the door shuts behind them.
He tries for the barn, flashlight swinging carefully across the pitch black, steps mindful of the uneven floorboard in the barn, until-
He needs to stop saying stuff like that. No one's ever talked to Dean like that. He keeps saying romantic things without even trying. Like it's as easy to him as breathing.
John settles in the seat between them, placing his bottle down on the table, "Look, I'm not just saying this to argue... but I'm not sold."
Wordlessly, he hands it back to Cas, the both of them sitting in a weird kind of silence, unsure if the other knows exactly what this is.
Sam hasn't been sure if he did, really. There were times he suspected he might, but Sam's never been able to get him to talk about it. Admit to it. Thinking, maybe- on some level, maybe he
"Hey," Sam ignores him completely, gently slapping the file folder in his hands against Dean's chest, "About yesterday..."
Cas wouldn't really know the reasoning. He's never really had the desire for anyone, himself. Certainly not someone he’d only met that same day.
lamp buzzes between them, the low yellow light flickering against the side of Cas’ face. And there's a settled silence. Comfortable, like it always is with Cas. No tempers boiling under the surface, or words unsaid, or pretending for the others sake. It's just them.
Cas grits his teeth, turning off an exit, counting the minutes to their destination, "Noble of you."
Rowena rapidly pushes herself off the end of the bed the moment Sam slides the bathroom door closed, peering up at him, "How is he?"
Dean fights the urge to tell Cas he's rambling. Cas continues, seeming to gather his thoughts again.
That's his own little mantra he'd made for himself when he was fifteen. It was a Frankenstein'd version of what his dad always said- "Move through it. Focus on the action. Kill the monster and clear the area, then you help the victim, and get the hell out of dodge."
Ishim smiles, only a little, still speaking in that even tone, "Oh, you're not gonna like the answer."
Cas stands as Kelly comes up in his space to paw at the unconscious man on the floor. Sam picks up the golden egg and hands it off to the angel.
"It doesn't, I guess, just..." She shrugs, softening her voice, "You shouldn't stop yourself from caring about someone just cause you think they'll leave eventually. Believe me. I worry about Claire all the time, too."
With the newly freed up half of the bench, he should probably take the excuse to put some space between them, but he doesn't. Dean just barely scoots over- enough so his leg isn't borderline lapping Cas', but not so much their sides aren't still slotted up against each other. If this is any abnormality to Cas, he gives zero indication. Though, Cas doesn't seem to be in much mood to put up a fight about anything at the moment, apparently.
He stares up at the sky, watching the stars. Dean looks up, too, settling into the humming silence of the night- the muted ambience of life tinging around them in the near dark. That’s the best part about this place- the tranquility. Sometimes Dean comes out here just to sit in the world for a moment without having to think about anything at all, just swallowed by the dark fading in any direction, or spotlighted by the moon on those certain clear nights. Cas knows this because he frequently does the same. They catch one another at times, and settle into a comfortable silence like they have now.
Dean rolls his eyes and groans, "No, that would be stupid. I'm not in love. Never been. Not with... Cas.
Cas rolls his eyes, settling his gaze on Dean and sidling up beside him. John pairs off ahead of them with Sam.
The fire is crackling peacefully in front of them, the logs snapping every now and again. Someone puts another log onto the pyre but Dean doesn't see who because he's too busy watching the flames swirl across Cas' face. His eyes are dark and you can barely see the blue of them, but it's there every time a particularly bright flame flickers by.
"So what happens when, uh, stuff like this goes wrong and no one's around to help you?" Dean asks, eyeing the land surrounding them.
"We'll talk about this later," John says evenly, and turns on his heel, disappearing through the door.
"Lads... if I wasn't sincere, if I meant you harm, there's a dozen ways I could've come in here and taken you all prisoner instead of being unarmed." He fists his jacket, swinging it open to show, as if in evidence.
"Cas..." He turns and opens his eyes with a start, seeing Cas' face inches away staring at him. Cas is stretched out on his side, completely facing Dean, one hand beneath his head and the other curled between them. "Quit watching me sleep."
, if they're not shopping or stuffing their face, they're sitting in front of some screen watching fake people do fake things, while the real world just gets more and more screwed up. Gail and I, we didn't want that for our kids, so... so here we are, sweatin' our butts off." He grins, chuckling, "The things you do for family."
The Impala's still in the lot where they'd left it, so Cas heads back to the motel he'd last seen them only to be greeted by fiery tire treads and a door wide open and welcoming to a vacant room filled with nothing but scuff marks.
. Maybe he'd actually stay for him if Sam said the right things. Cause Sammy always seems to know the right words to say. The right way to talk to dad and get him to see your side of things and keep him sticking along. Dean can't do that. He can take orders, sure. He can do whatever John says as a means to get him to calm down, but he can't ever seem to truly talk him off that ledge. Not without it turning some type of violent. Sometimes he thinks he makes John turn away even faster just by even trying at all.
A part of him's avoided talking about this since it happened, too wracked with guilt to even acknowledge Cas' time ostracized from the only family he knows just when he'd been made into an entirely new species.
She steps forward. It's not the same woman as from the phone, this much he can tell. Same grouping, based on the overconfidence and prissy accents, because it'd be just too big a coincidence otherwise.
Everyone's fucking trying but that doesn't mean a goddamn thing when nothing's being said. They're living out the equivalent of kicking dirt under the rug instead of hoofing it to find an actual dust pan. No real solution, just kind of burying it until it can't be buried anymore.
He never considers the fact that perhaps in Cas touching him like this and allowing his grace to flow through him, he could do just about anything. Change Dean from a molecular level, if he felt so inclined. He could injure him, put certain thoughts in his mind, he could alter his memory, or even kill him.
He's always been terrible with that. It became apparent with Cas' first teamup with this very same demon.
Sam says it all by saying nothing. No shock, no confusion, no "what feelings?" Just a deep breath like he's been waiting for this for a long time. "I've... had some suspicions over the years."
Not wanting to press but also very much wanting to, Sam sits back in the driver's seat and eyes Cas in the passenger, trying to think up a way to break the ice. A kind of little brother's supportive type conversation.
"2:12 a.m..." Cas glances between Dean sitting down at the laptop, and his father hovering not far behind him. John shifts uneasily from foot to foot.
"Dean talked with her, and then she came to see me... and we made a deal." Sam pauses, "We'd get to die and come back one more time, but in exchange..."
with such certainty. The part that believes someone the first time they tell him he did a wrong that he thought had been right.
"Feel a little left out over there." He waltzes up, leaning down to pat Cas on the thigh, "Scoot over."
Dana brings around the check, and Dean takes it, leaning forward to pull out his wallet and count out a number of bills- far more than needed. He hands them over, putting in a to-go order for another burger and sandwich wrap while grinning up at her.
She lowers her eyes from his, maybe from shame, but it seems more from fear than anything else. It breaks his heart.
feel that way about someone... which feels almost shameful to admit now, even just to himself. Why wouldn't Cas be able to feel that way about someone? He's a caring guy. Too caring, almost. Except he's never even
Dean gulps in a breath, startling himself awake with the painful resolution that they really have to start springing for better motels. These bricks they call mattresses in the $49 a night rooms are
The house is the next best bet, so he pads that way, keeping the flashlight off this time and an ear out for the Petersons.
Alright, alright, Dean can take a hint. Sammy wants a little alone time with the red-head he'll wingman over here-
"Hah, you're tellin' me." Dean jokes back, a hollow feeling in his chest. His eyes flutter over to Sam's, who's looking on mournfully, too.
Dean tosses the mangled angel-cuffs in the trunk, the flashing red and whites lighting up the side of his face. No one’s bothered the group of five men huddled up quietly beside the Impala- despite the cops crawling around the area, guarding the yellow tape Vince’s body is carried out behind.
"No. Uh, no deals." He pauses, thinking how best to phrase the whole -God's sister brought you back from the dead cause I helped her make up with her little brother, who's God by the way- "Guess you could say we've made some friends since you've last been around. Did one of 'em a solid, and I, uh, I guess you're kinda like a thank you card. Maybe."
"The family's weird, but they're good people. Look, Beth wanted the better job, she killed to get it. End of story."
After over six weeks caged in a room alone, he imagines Dean would need that now more than ever. Maybe that's something that some human friends do when there aren’t other options. A comfortability afforded in few friendships.
Dean kisses Cas softly at first, barely grazing his lips, then sinking in gently, falling deeper and deeper towards one another. Stubbled chin against stubbled chin. Dean flicks his tongue across Cas' bottom lip, and Cas tugs his entire body close, one arm wrapping around Dean and settling on his lower back. He's pulling their bodies hard together and everything just unleashes from there. Twelve years of tension and loss and friendship and love between these two creatures who in every other universe never meant as much to each other as they do in this one. Defying every one of God's stupid plans and every rule of the universe- an angel falling for a human in every way imaginable, and that human falling right back.
They're met with the image of a red-headed woman pinned against the wall, nothing seeming to hold her there but air. A woman with wild, curly blonde hair stands before her, a sharp, jagged cut of glass fisted and outstretched in one hand.
He eases back, freeing up her limbs by lofting off the bed to a stand beside Dean- who's wide eyes blink, looking him up and down. When Cas meets the stare, Dean bites back a flustered smile, feet shuffling.
"I'm trying to read my lips." he focuses a few more seconds, lips moving with the action, "'Now salsa you mittens...'"
"There was a time when I wouldn't have hesitated." The corner of his mouth quirks up in a sort of grim reverie of the cold, unfeeling person he once was, "But now, I don't know."
Their arms are warm against each other. For someone who used to complain so frequently about personal space, Dean no longer has a single qualm in regards to their small, personal, unsaid display of that affection. More often than not, the two gravitate towards one another, no matter how large the space. It's just how they are.
"Abraham Peterson?" Sam raises his voice, motioning to himself and Dean, "I'm James Morrison. This is my associate Ray Manzarek. Uh, we're your new case workers with Child Protective Services."
A strange vehicle sits out front, but after a short inspection there's no one inside and no sign of Sam or any other unconscious beings, so he deems it irrelevant for now. He heads to the front door, down to the next, and creaks it open to a serene, empty room.
”Oh, it was a grand success.” Crowley scowls, and Dean winces at the puffed up purple eye barely resembling an eye.
The sound of tires slowing on gravel pulls Cas from his murderous reverie, and he turns to the car rolling to a stop just behind the Impala. It's a sleek black sedan with tinted windows. Nothing he recognizes.
Cas. Everyone's been fucking right the whole time. He loves him so much it terrifies him. And he's not worth Cas' love. As much as the angel keeps trying to convince him he is, Dean can't help but keep thinking the guy can do
He doesn't react to that. Not an ounce of... anything. No regret, no feeling whatsoever. Cas' disdain boils over.
does Cas love about this? Dean is smelly and he's rude and he's mad all the time and snaps at people in the morning before he gets his coffee and... why him? Does Cas get all hot and bothered when he looks at him?
Cas rolls his eyes but his voice is soft, real, "I wasn't going to kill myself, Dean. I'd only let myself die if it was alongside you, or to save you."
He chugs the rest of his beer and sets the empty bottle on the ground by the door, mentally filtering through possible Cas locations. He'll probably either be in his room or outside. There's nowhere else in the bunker he'd care about being right now. It's not like there's anything to research, and Cas tends to not like hanging out in any other rooms but the library and kitchen. He's not in either of those.
On the ground, deep between the coffee table and couch, they're almost like two teenagers at a sleepover trying to figure out if the other one likes them back. It's unbearably innocent and entirely too high stakes all at once. Because Cas is
Cas climbs into the back, John in the passenger side. Dean's secretly glad of both, because Cas' cooling gaze from the rearview mirror keeps him grounded far more than he'd ever admit to anyone.
of those words. Part of him even hates them because the last time they were uttered, Cas got taken. But he also can't just not say them because he feels it and he has for years. So many of the little things Cas does and says and is- but now that he's said it he's opened that door for something bad to happen and to take it all away again-
"I want this." He answers small. That's all he can say, at least right now. He hopes it's enough, but he can't bring himself to hold Cas' gaze.
A few long minutes pass before, finally, a large beat-down house comes into view. It's several stories high, looking to have once been a grand structure crafted and built with great care, but its beams cross-hatched over light paint have since warped and splintered, matching the dulled out grey the color has shadowed itself into.
Only one thing stands out- his own name. Muttered by the voice of a woman. Clear. Concise. He doesn't recognize it.
And it'd be right. Cause getting it all back- sure it hurt, but it also reminded him all he's got that he fights for so damn much. That he fights mosters and the world and himself, in order to stay there and be beside them- for as little time as he's got left.
He pauses at the passenger side of the truck as Cas rounds it for the driver's side, still not giving in. Crowley continues anyway, ever the deal-maker he is. The smooth-talking business man.
A last lingering scan over the pair, Lucifer takes the distraction from his own ramblings and blasts Crowley across the room, into the closest wall. Tit for tat.
"Yeah, since when do you come to things like this?" Sam agrees, diving his hands into his jacket pockets. "I don't remember a single hunter's
He doesn't need to confirm it. They quiet after that, but the jovial nature of the morning isn't lost. Before long, he's dipping the bread in the egg concoction and laying out pieces for Donna to then take and sizzle on the stovetop. She starts a story about a time her auntie made french toast for her and her cousins as a kid, resulting in the dog somehow eating half of it and-
Something about that thought... pings deep inside Dean's chest. It's one of those things he can't let himself think about.
Dean turns into the bar's lot, looking up at the flashing neon yellow of a cowboy riding on a bucking bull. What better place to reintegrate into society's fuckpool than
That’s what it looks like to love your kid. She’s not even really his but, for all intents and purposes, she is. Doesn’t even matter if she considers him the same, cause that’s not what being a parent is. Being a parent is just supposed to be loving them, and doing your best because you want things to be better for them than it’s been for you.
They spend another hour like that before Dean figures he should head inside. The guilt is starting to weigh down on him for just hanging out like a regular joe when Sammy's out God knows where probably being horribly tortured and thinking his brother has been dead for days.
The glass door to the lobby shakes with another's entrance. He doesn't even have to look to know it's John. The scent of cigarettes wafts through the room with the breeze that entered with him, and his boots
Sam doesn't need Dean anymore the way he used to when he was a kid. He'll be alright. He and dad can make that type of relationship they always should've had in the first place. Without him there this time. Without any other horrors and responsibilities coming around the bend.
"Powerfully warded?" Dean snorts softly from the other end, "Okay, see, buddy, that- that was your headline right there."
Sam drags a hand down his face, looking between them, "I’m beat. I say we pick up the research in the morning when Cas heads out- Make sure we keep in touch after that.” He squeezes Cas’ shoulder as he heads to the hall, effectively ending the conversation.
it when Dean died, due to their bond, he prays beyond all sense that that's not what this is. That he's simply too human for his own right these days, and loss is crippling him mind and body in a way it hasn't yet before.
"Yeah, and hey Crowley, uh find out from your government mole if there's a girlfriend or a mistress or a favorite hooker. Someone we don't know about." Sam pauses, Crowley's drawl a mumbled sound on the other end of the phone, "Got it." He hangs up, turning to Dean, "Crowley and Rowena will meet us in Indianapolis. Haven't been able to get ahold of dad, though. Do we have a plan?"
Calloused hands pull him back in by the collar of his shirt, and Ennis puts his fists on Jack's chest- but he lets it happen because part of him
Cas is the first to break the spell, stepping to the president's body, kneeling, and placing his fingertips on the edge of the man's scalp.
"Shut-" Dean starts, right when Jack seems to pop out of nowhere, grinning ear to ear, with Cas in tow. Both have arms piled high with firewood.
He considers a moment, really looking at him, “Yeah — so don’t go shacking up with any more archangels.”
. So earnestly and completely unabashed. Because that's just Cas and Cas wouldn't lie to Dean like that. He believes every word he's saying... which just overwhelms Dean all over again because Cas really
Dean tries not to think about the fact that he’d looked at Cas the same way countless times when Cas did something stupid in the same vein. Just trying to save everyone else. A couple of self-sacrificial dumbasses, the two of them.
Cas, for whatever reason, seemed to trust Dean right from the very beginning. Drawn to him in some way he, at the time, deemed purely due to his curiosity over the "righteous man" and his role in the apocalypse. It was the question- what makes the righteous man so righteous when he's simply a man?
"Well, well, well. Look who's the housewife now." He teases, handing over a knife so she can start chopping up the now peeled potatoes.
He ducks down into the mini fridge, "Hey!" pulls out a few mini bottles and holds them up triumphantly, "Tiny vodkas. Score."
Cas sighs, rubbing at his temple, "I can't take much credit for that. Mostly, it was Eileen. Jody's found a couple of leads as well, but my primary focus these past few weeks has admittedly been the two of you."
Sam lets out a breath, running both palms down his face, and meets her eye. They're just about the same height now, like this- her standing in front of him.
He needs to stop. He needs to stop. If Dean's any real friend to Cas, he can't want this from him. He can't want
was the angel to pull Dean from the pit. He's thankful to watch over him, to care for him- whereas it appears no one truly has before. He has Sam, of course, but even there Dean has always cared for Sam slightly differently than Sam has Dean. He'd raised him, after all.
"Alright," Dean cuts in and Cas drops Marion gracelessly back into the chair. He fumbles a second, nearly tumbling off of it, then rights himself, going still, awaiting a direction. Dean nods, raising his brows, "So call it."
But no, Cas isn’t just gonna go around feeling Dean up just because he’s in love with him. He’s classier than that.
He looks back to Cas. Those soft eyes trained on him with the type of fondness Dean always goes weak for.
His Dad's gonna think it's weird, isn't he? He's gonna say something that makes it weird... make it a gay thing when it's not. Like he always has when Dean gets close with a guy. Like with Lee. He'll look at Dean with that disappointed look- because Dean can't really be a man if he likes other men like that.
The small fish can't do that. Dean can't do that. They also can't see well in the dark, or stay awake infinitely- their lives are fleeting and meaningful, while his is endless and...
He glances at Dean and Sam, but neither have their phones out- still staring down at the floor in likely just as much mental upset. He tugs out the cell, taking stock of the name on the screen: Tommy.
is not the first reaction he'd have topped that list with. Annoyance, anger... or a blanket type of business-as-usual being the most likely of any-
He turns back to the table and Kaia is peering at him with a knowing look on her face. She leans in, crosses her arms before plopping them onto the table, and lowers her voice like they're trading secrets, "I hope you don't take this the wrong way or get upset, but... you love him, don't you?"
The world is quiet around them. There's the mumbling words of conversations outside of their little bubble, and then there's the crickets in the field behind them. There's the wind that rustles the grass, and the creak of the folding chairs when someone adjusts their seat, and there's laughter, and there's a song from sometime in the 60s, muffled in the distance and crooning about love.
Crowley keeps his hands deep in his pockets, like this is a milk run. Though, Cas suspects, the calmer Crowley appears to him now likely means the worse for wear he is.
When it comes time to turn in for the night, just about all of them offer to crash on the living room floor. Jody's having none of that, though, and tells Sam and Eileen to take the guest bedroom at the end of the hall. She disappears down the hall and returns back a moment later with a couple of pillows and blankets.
to make things better for me back then... We don't need dad to have family holidays. Never have before."
"That's because she's not herself." Dean says, eyes still on John before turning towards the demon inside Jody, "Are you?"
it's okay. He knows it's okay. But he hates that small part of him that still thinks dad was right and he's lesser in every way because of the way he feels about his best friend. Because of the things he thinks about him. Because of the places he wants to touch him... He knows it's okay, just sometimes he wishes he wasn't someone who has to wonder if it is.
Dean ignores him, eyes still on Cas. He softens his voice at Cas' clear, frantic worry, threading his words alongside his own thought process, "Okay, well, the bunker's empty, so- so they've obviously left here... you said woman? not an angel, not a demon, a
"Cas," Sam fixes him with one of those soft looks saved for mourners, "I know we're not always so gung-ho about angel anything, but if he was your friend-"
He clenches his jaw involuntarily, palming a fist in Dean’s jacket- maybe just to ground himself. A reminder it’s not just him anymore. He and the devil in a cage.
Maybe he's had more than that, it's not like Sam would know. Dean keeps this stuff close to the vest, maybe cause he knows he never gets it for long enough. Probably thinks it's not something he'd
"Okay-" Dean interjects, taking a step between the two as though bracing for something, “I told you we made a few friends since you've been gone."
And it's not like they're even together, but it's been years since Dean's done this- gotten blackout and hooked up with someone he doesn't even remember the next morning? Usually he's more careful than that. Even if he
When he turns, Dean's already looking at him. The needle on the record player keeps trailing, humming nothing but static. It trips over a divot every circulation, sending a light
"Alright," Dean's gaze drifts between them, and he clears his throat, focusing intently back on his lunch, "Quit flirting before I lose my appetite."
Dean knows that this statement isn't a real "break," it's a "this is my exit" without actually saying it. It's an exit without the formal goodbye or the asking permission. It's an exit where in three months life will be different from what it's been for their past thirty-some-odd years. But neither of the brothers will resent the other for their choices from hereon out. It's an exit saying, I want this, and I hope you want it for me too. But they don't say any of that because this isn't one of their exits that requires goodbyes or deathbed promises, it's a start to a life.
”All those people that were able to go home to their families tonight? Because of you? That’s always good, Sam. Sure, we lost some, and it’s a fucking tragedy- I get it. But you’re the one held those doors open- for
She rakes in a deep breath, turning to face them, "Revenge is all I've had for over a hundred years. It's what I am."
, and the doors slide open to a visibly empty floor. Dean takes the first step out, then Sam. Slow, eyes roving from left to right, and back again as he continues inching up the long stretch of hall.
He kills the engine, gets out- John following suit. It's not until he gets to the door that he remembers he doesn't have his keys, but he tries it anyway and the front is unlocked.
to fight her." He manages to keep his voice even, somehow, and turns to Ishim, "And I need to heal your wound."
This exact knowledge passes through his mind as he locks eyes with the devil, catching Lucifer's hand before he's able to
"Alright," Sam pinches the bridge of his nose, "Guys, you know what? This- this silent treatment thing, it's silly. It's not gonna work. Whatever we're walking into, we should, you know, probably have an actual plan."
want to die. Like, the people they love die and it's... sometimes, just for a little while, he's jealous of them. Because they don't have to sit there and feel that loss the way he has to. They get to just lay down and rest.
Someone- Dean's blaming Alex- gets the bright idea to string up some blankets in the crappiest little makeshift pillow fort he's ever seen- and play
, a lot would’ve ended up better in the long run. I mean, Lilith... the apocalypse... Maybe he was right, you know? About... Magda...”
"Ah," Dean tempers a smile, and Sam holds up a hand as if to cut him off from whatever gleeful thing he's about to say.
Sam hugs back, bringing his hands up around his Dad’s back, feeling oddly like a kid again. Like, maybe this time with his Dad back, things will be okay.
Sam opens his mouth, but it's Dean who speaks first, eyes still down at his mug, voice measured, "Look, this was a buddy of yours... since we got the time, we could hop down to the morgue and claim the body-"
Sure, yeah. Wait for what? Wait for that bright white light to blast through these windows and shower them in glass dust? Wait for the fight to start and just
He weaves his way through the lobby to the side entrance, passing by the bar on the way... and a familiar voice pipes up behind him.
He blinks. Once. Twice. Three times- staring down at the battered, fractured pieces of the broken girl that sat alive in front of him just moments before.
"Well, he can't come with me, and I'm not leaving him alone. Cas isn't answering and god knows where he is anyway. And I obviously don't trust
The record ends, skipping into static. Cas stands to turn it, and Dean jostles, setting the laptop back on the table, rapidly placing down the cassette beside it and pointedly abandoning it there. Cas wants to ask but he doesn't, knowing Dean won't answer truthfully anyway.
The angel tears open another sugar packet, eyes not moving from Dean's face, "You know, when I knew Castiel, he was a soldier."
Because he was just drunk. And friends kiss each other when they're drunk sometimes. And then they just don't talk about it. Ever again. They act completely normal the next day and like nothing happened at all until they all just forget about it.
"Okay, one- the Rat Pack partied 'til the day they died. And B, I can still kick your ass." He shovels the forkful in his mouth, ignoring Sam's scoff at that and instead signaling to wave down the waiter on the other end of the bartop, "Got a man who needs some waffles down here."
John must be absorbing all the information he can, not entirely believing it all but believing just enough to see that what's in front of him is real enough to keep on keeping on.
It's probably an indication of how distracted he is that he actually agrees without a second thought- which was probably Sam's plan in the first place. 'Distract Dean away with a task'... the menace.
"Dad's ain't supposed to let you cry on their goddamn shoulder. They ain't here to hand out participation trophies and bake a cake on your fucking birthday. They're s'posed to show you how to toughen up that skin enough you don't
Reluctantly, Dean shoves himself off of Cas maybe a little too roughly, and grunts out, "Good to have you back, man."
It fills the awkward silence with gurgling, a bit of messy sputtering, sending brown droplets out the side rim onto the countertop.
Another swing and Dean dodges out to the side again, shoving off of Elvis. They're on opposite ends of the room again, staring one another down. The demon's eyes are wild, a grin stretching out across his cheeks- this is
"Do you have any idea where they might have gone?" Cas asks, rolling his shoulders to straighten up, putting the Crowley problem on the backburner in the meantime.
"The Druids used it in their rituals," She continues, raising her brows at him at the tail end of her sentence, "calling it the 'Language of the Trees.'"
know what it meant to Dean to just hold his hand like a touched starved nun. It could be explained away as some isolation madness seeping out, easy.
"Mr. President?" A voice yells, but there's little time to react before two men brandishing firearms aimed at each brother's head tramp heavy-footed into the room.
Dean stops at the foot of the stairs, his eyes drawn downwards. His dad not far behind, follows Dean's gaze to the messy splotch of blood on the floor. Several of them. A new one every foot or so trailing the length of the map table all the way towards the steps to the library.
Just like then how Dean might’ve been trying to brush off that this was just a gift and not a big deal. Cas got that it was Dean’s way of showing that he cared. Because Dean couldn’t find the words right now. And Cas had almost died. And like always, that affected Dean more than any other Winchester. It always would.
"Here." The girl grins wide- maybe laughing at him- in some ways it reminds him of Claire. She hands over a keycard, "Room twelve. I'm here 'til morning. Hit me up if you need anything, or if you wanna tack on another night."
Sam peers over that way, absently, before turning back to Cas. There's that solemn look stuck in his eyes again, glued distractedly to the wall the sound emanates from.
"I-"Finally, Dean meets his eyes, the words spilling out before he can think about it because this right here is everything he's ever wanted and he gets to have it and he finally has the time to actually say it back... "I love you."
"No, I-" He pauses, the corner of the glass door hitting his back, "I just- I have a daughter. She's
The door clicks shut, and Dean lets out the breath he'd been holding from the moment Cas slid off the bed. He
Jody unlocks the deadbolt from the inside and swings the door open, eyes going wide for a second before she breaks into a grin, "Wow! You look terrible. What's wrong?"
"Alright, well, let's check out his clients." Dean pulls his keys from his pocket, looking down at them.
Dean's pacing the length of the sidewalk, trying to get a sense of the movement of the shadows behind the lace curtains. There's not a whole lot he can see, but at least it doesn't look like there's an outright fight going down just yet.
It's not a string of thoughts... he's speaking. Singing... in a low, barely there sound escaping his lips.
"I don't want to hurt you." She holds out a hand, flat in placation. Her other hand gripped at a bloodied wound in her gut.
. If anything, it was simply more intense. And it gave me a certain understanding of what those feelings actually were."
"I am relieved your yourself again." Cas rolls his eyes, shoving his hands in his pockets, "Even if you are an
He shuts off everything in his brain screaming he's doing something wrong- something fucked up- and presses harder against her slender frame. Bodies tangled together in all the ways he needs- but there's way too many clothes for what he
Was it just because Dean stopped it each time? Made some kind of excuse to get Sam away and took the blame and the beating instead?
sure of it. And Dean has to remind himself not to shoot him a death glare about it. But still his heart sinks, throbbing dull in his chest.
He carefully sets down his drink, a playful smirk on the corner of his mouth, "I do. But whatever's happened to Moose and Squirrel, apparently it's above their paygrade."
That could be a lot of different things... ghost, demon, witch. There's a few ways to get through it but that would take time. Time he doesn't have. Spellwork he doesn't have.
John smiles and tugs Sam into a deep hug. Sam, hesitant at first, falls into it, squeezing his eyes closed and gripping his dad back.
He's some genderless celestial body of light or something and comparably Dean might as well be a beetle. An ugly little thing with a totally different number of limbs that Cas could squish with his pinky toe if he really wanted.
Gathering information is his weapon. Finding patterns, studying, learning the enemy- that's what he does. Dean can recognize the pattern. That's what he's doing here. He's biding his time, reading the situation before making a decision. Now they just have to put that to work enough to find Sam.
John waves a hand, rolling his eyes, settling a fist on the table and locking onto Cas' eyes, "Then I'll be straight- I don't trust you. Now... he seems to." He points to Dean. Cas glances his way before settling back on John, "But that boy's never had a natural sense in him. Too much heart. Gets him in trouble more than it's worth half the time."
What if... what if they all changed? If nothing did? If Dean knows he's changed since last time dad was around and now he goes back to that old version of himself that wasn't even his own person?
"Got something-" Sam straightens it out, looking right, then left- at the mountainous structures spotting the horizon, "Alright, looks like that's Elk Mountain, which makes...
John all but ignores Dean, "Kid helped me track down some info on the yellow-eyed demon back in the day. Saw his obit in the paper. Damn shame."
Dean's getting absolutely no sleep these days, and now he's the type of guy to sneak around in the middle of the night to meet up with his best friend like he’s some girl running away from home to meet up with the boy her daddy doesn’t like.
Something shatters near the entryway, and Dean's on his feet even before Cas' groans echo through the bunker. He rushes up the steps, rounding the corner with Sam right at his heels where they find Cas with palms flat against the edge of the map table- eyes closed and face scrunched in agony.
"So I need therapy, what else is new?" He scoffs, but the more he thinks on it, the more he thinks maybe Cas is right.
"Look who you're talking to," John beams, holding his arms out wide, "I'm healthy as a horse. And- what, now? Early-sixties?"
Cas seems to get lost in thought there, a sad sort of look crossing his features. But it also makes Sam realize just how much his brother actually
Sam leans in, face close on his shoulder, taking in a good whiff before leaning back with a fresh scowl, "Alright, our- our case? The dead guy, throat stuffed full of money."
The elevator climbs up flight after flight, and the longer Dean just stares at him the more he realizes the odd look passing over the man’s face. Almost mournful, in a way.
It's not just something she's saying, he realizes, it's something she's lived, too. He doesn't have a safe response to it. Kaia doesn't look like she expects one, either. She smiles up at him sweetly, almost pityingly, and a silence drops between them. It's a comfortable silence, not awkward, but Dean is thankful regardless when Cas and Claire return to their seats at the table.
Cas had half expected Dean to attempt shooting the man on the spot simply for his affiliation with 'the brits,' but the show of a rescue must've softened his response from murderous to a more tempered distrust as they cleaned up the scene on the side of the road. Sam, Dean, and Ketch each grabbed an unconscious figure, dragging them to the patch of grass beside their crisped vehicle.
way to go out, sure. And if you're able to make it so your death helps someone else survive, all the better. But he's watched too many hunters die in front of him over the years to still be able to say that it's the
" Sam interjects again, a hand on Dean's shoulder to stop him from furthering the argument, and turns to John with a hand extended out, placating, "Look, we've all been through a lot. But this isn't the way to go it. We either work together or not at all.
"Yeah hey, Dean, it's me," He ignores Sam, lifting his head when Dean picks up, "Listen, we think we have a witch on this one. Swing around the office an-"
"Okay, I understand." Crickets chirp through the other end of the line, a train horn blaring in the distance barely audible. What Dean wouldn't give to be there, outside of the stuffy confines of this bunker made more tense with the presence of his father, "I'll call you in the morning."
Of course that's not a strain of luck he would ever be gifted, because as soon as he snuggles closer, the voices in the dining room become more clear. He hears a couple of
gross." Dean says, but finally relents to wakefulness and opens his eyes with a groan, starting to unlatch himself from Cas' grip.
Cas lights up, features visibly warming at Sam's approach- and he breaks into an honest to god full-toothed grin, closing his book without even marking the page, and adjusting to sit up straighter.
Dean has found these thoughts crossing his mind a lot more now that he's actually started letting himself think about Cas at all rather than trying to drink himself into unconsciousness. And it's as he's considering what other things about him that Cas loves, and while pouring himself a large cup of lukewarm coffee, that Cas sneaks up next to him and corners him with his stupid puppydog blues and messy bedhead and... pajamas? Since when does Cas wear pajamas? He might as well be naked without the eight layers he usually has piled on every second of every day. He's downright indecent right now. The guy is showing forearm for Christ's sake and Dean just stares down at him like a horny englishmen in the 1800s seeing a flash of ankle.
He knows... he knows there's even more drifting away right as he's saying all this. Even... he brings a hand to his head, rubbing his temples.
He knows what that's like- to have a dark thing inside of you that you don't understand. Just like he knows what it's like to have Lucifer in there- puppeting his body and making him watch. But that's not what this is. Lucifer isn't here in this one little girl.
"No, Sam's right. I had eyes on the girl first, too. With this second body- family's got a better link." John stands, clapping a brief hand on Dean's back before heading towards the door, "Beth's got no connection there. Money's on a spirit."
His voice is soft, if not a little rough. Maybe from lack of use, maybe from sleepiness, maybe from something far worse.
Cas takes a bite and Dean realizes everyone else is looking at the angel too, waiting to see his reaction to a first time food. He grunts in approval and takes another bite, nodding.
Bucky holds up his hands, purses his lips, as though flying the white flag, "Hey, you know him. That's just the word."
”Another Long Island, certainly.” He nods, and nods to Cas as well across the table. Cas remembers he’s supposed to be playing human, and frantically picks up his fork to push around some lettuce.
There's a different type of comfortability in that with Sam that there isn't with Dean. With Sam, they both know exactly where they stand with the other. They're upfront about it, as much as they can be.
at the very least. If not all three of them- given their reluctant partnerships over the past several years. It's never been something born of complete trust, but more often than not it's seemed that the threats traded between any of them have been empty for some time.
Dean sighs, gently smacking her hand away. He picks apart another piece of fried dough and combines it with some fries from Cas' plate beside him, "It's not like that."
"Dean," Sam's eyes soften, and- Dean stiffens in response. "you've gotta stop pretending it was okay..."
"Solid lead." John says, nodding. But that's about all he brings to the conversation, arms crossed and stoic.
He abandons the phone on the table again upon listening to John's voicemail. The gruff emotionless voice of the man on the other end merely serving to annoy him.
Cas says it firmly, eyes on the space of seat between them before raising to Sam's and softening, letting that mask finally slip, "I know what it means."
"Rowena, remember?" She- Rowena- says, motioning to herself and grinning, curls framing her face as she sways. He reaches up and touches them.
Luckily Dean’s yet to realize this about Sam. If he has he hasn’t voiced it. But oftentimes the thing Dean voices least is what he’s worried for most, so maybe he has.
"Nothing, I'm just glad to be back. To have our family back. It feels... I don't know, content. For the first time in a long time." Cas says wistfully.
Dean pulls into the garage, and all three of them pile out of the vehicle, a mess of sore limbs and healing wounds. Cas has recovered swiftly over the drive, though still relatively weakened. They discovered after the attack that the brass knuckles wrapping the woman's hands were etched in enochian, increasing their strength drastically against creatures like him specifically.
"You have ketchup and mustard on your face." He tries to stifle his grin but fails, and Dean glares at him- taking an even messier bite of the burger in response.
who she's gotten herself mixed up between. She has no idea what Dean is willing to do... "Oh, you think you can run from me? Try it. Because when I find you- and I
"Hello." He takes out his badge, making sure to flip it open the correct way, "I'm agent Beyoncé and this is my, um, my partner, Agent Zee." She merely glances down at the badge, so he pockets it again, "Um, we wanted to ask you a few questions about your bro-"
Cas slides one of the cups across the table, offering a half-smile. John nods back, looking him up and down. Castiel elects to ignore the suspicion. This dynamic will surely take time, and Cas has to be willing to toss the first stone, so to speak.
Dean takes a bite, marshmallow surely oozing all over his cheeks. "Old guys like me gotta watch our figures, Cas, don't you ever listen to Sam?"
"The world's got a lot more gray in it than when you left, dad. We're trying our best, here. All of us. Isn't that what you've always said, too? You did the best you could in impossible circumstances. Can't you give us that same benefit of the doubt?"
Anger thawing, she looks up at Cas beside her, "I loathe him. And I loathe that I had any part in letting him out of the pit he belongs in."
Cas isn't even sure what he's looking for exactly, but when he pulls out the bottom desk drawer, he thinks maybe he shouldn't have been looking at all.
Cas finds his way to his feet, following Crowley deeper into the room. Both crowd around the devil sprawled in the corner.
he's certain of. If Dean were bored of him, or even simply annoyed with him... he wouldn't go running off to Crowley next.
"Yeah, sorry about Elvis. He's, uh... Elvis." Red-head shrugs, and holds out a hand, finally, "I'm Bucky Sims."
Dean never got a high school sweetheart- He's had bits and pieces of what makes up a real relationship from a couple different girls for years.
Then there's Dean. He doesn't have to wonder about his story or why he's here. Only a privileged few get to know those intricacies, and Cas is fortunate enough to be one of them.
It’s then that Dean realizes they’ve been sitting there, simply staring at each other, for probably way too long. Longer than two normal people. One straight guy and one gay one, apparently. Because Cas is gay now. Gay for Dean.
It's a confession of something, just in the way he says it. But Cas isn't quite sure why. He's ashamed of things he doesn't feel? Of a role he doesn't fill? Why?
"Yeah," Dean says, muffled, like he's running a hand down his face. It's hard to tell with him sometimes if his words actually land or help at all. "Yeah."
. It's one of Zeppelin's softest songs, and every time he hears it, without fail, he thinks of Cas. There's not really a reason for it. The lyrics don't even match up to him very much... but it's like he said... it's the essence of it. It's hopeful and sad all at the same time.
"Hmm," He grunts, idly flipping through a couple pages of an open book next to the mess of old files on his right, "Neither of you ever settled down, then? Figured Sammy would've by now."
Dean peers over, glancing between him and the road, unsure if he's expected to answer. Voice still stiff, he lands on, "Yeah. We did."
He doesn’t blame her. It seems he’s failed many in this respect- his decisions... they just seem to keep pushing those he loves away. Regardless of his intentions.
While Jody and Sam holler back and forth about pizza orders, Dean tugs out his phone, tapping on Cas' contact. They've been chatting back and forth a lot since Cas has been out of town.
"I'm with Sam on this one." It's the first input John's given this entire conversation, and he says it while sitting with elbows resting on his knees, fists clasped together beneath his chin. Calm, merely observing. Taking a side quietly, yet absolute- like a decision's been made without either brother's say in the end result.
That's good. Maybe when Dean's all done, those two can have another go at it. A better run this time without him getting in the middle so much and tugging Sam in different directions.
Dean usually complains of mosquitos out here, but it seems calm tonight- the only small angered mutterings coming from him have more to do with a stripped screw, its metal grating tired and whining. Another minute, and a precious furrowed brow later, Dean breaks into a smile with a small exalt of joy- the old plate falling into the dirt. He starts in on securing the new one in place.
"Yeah. What, you don't? I mean, come on, Sam, it's not like we're in the 'live 'til you're 90, die in your sleep' business." Dean turns back to the newspaper clippings scrapbooked to the wall- it's a mess of typed up bloody horror shows. The foundation of what their measly lives have been built upon. He sweeps his hand across it, "This? This only ends one way."
If someone had told Dean a good fifteen years ago that this is where he'd be, lusting after and loving a middle-aged man in the prime of his life... he'd have beaten the shit outta that guy on principle alone. Never would've once considered... and with dad around? Dean's sure gotten bold
"But we're not looking at a witch." Sam prods, and John rolls his eyes, pressing the phone to his ear, "I'm not saying it's
"Do I?" He raises his brows, steadily whipping up the mixture for the toast. The bread is already all laid out on the counter, and bacon sizzles on the stovetop nearly ready to be flipped.
"What's going to happen to me?" Kelly whispers, and when he looks up her eyes are wide and blue and so very vulnerable.
Some are harder than others to repress. Others, like taste, for whatever reason are more difficult to turn off. It’s automatic. Like breathing.
Cas considers heavily, his brows drawing together and staring down at the bottle slowing to a wobbly stop.
"Uh, well, nothing... much. He's been making his calls, I've been doing my computer thing- just kind of-" He waves his hand in the air as if to fill with a word he can't find.
"Dude, you-" he flips 'the thing' around in his fingers- a cassette tape. The first side is blank, but the flip-
Cas couldn’t know just how much Dean really cared, though. How he cared. But he’d know that this was his best way of showing at least a piece of it.
Crowley grins anyway, and whips out his own phone lighting up with a new message, "Oh, lookie. The boyfriend must be unhappy with you, Castiel. He's resorted to texting lil old me."
Dean swallows and it feels thick in his throat. He feels like he's breathing too rapidly, too loud. And his skin feels red-hot. It's not like he's turned on or anything, he just doesn't want Cas to think he's the type of dude who gets his freak on watching two guys bone frantically in the woods.
"I... I've always cared a great deal for humanity. More so than many of my brothers and sisters, and it's gotten me into trouble on more than one occasion... but I trusted Dean. I trusted that his... desire to do the right thing, to stop the apocalypse... I believed that
The ride home from the barn that night was almost completely silent. Sure, tunes mumbled from the radio but Dean barely processed anything but the rev of the engine and sound of tires on asphalt.
Cas tilts his head, brow furrowed, not understanding Dean’s meaning so Dean nods, shrugging out the words, “When... the bomb... you know...?”
"Gonna go walking around on a bum leg just to prove a point?" Dean steps up behind Cas, settling closely beside him.
The nightmares are less frequent than they used to be, but they still hit him sometimes- sending Dean jolting awake in the dead of night with a gasping lung full of air, skin drenched in a thin layer of sweat, the sheets bunched around him like he'd been grappling for his life, fingers clawing at nothing.
His father grumbles out, and suddenly Dean feels like a little kid again, getting scolded for some messed up thing he got wrong.
Yeah, good morning, like the two didn't already have some kind of sunrise heart-to-heart like they always do. The coffee pot was used maybe an hour before he'd made his own pot, they don't have to pretend.
The girl trembles on her knees, doubled over and hunched under the pain- facing the cross. She looks up, briefly, but Sam still can't see her face. Gail pauses her chants to sneer down at the girl, dripping with nothing but disdain, ignoring her whimpering and wounded cries to order, "Again," calmly.
He doesn't know if Sam's been praying to Cas with the same amount of frequency and borderline pathetic mental anguish that Dean has, but he's gotta assume Cas heard every word of it and sat there helpless to reach out. He'd thought about that at the time, of course, but a big part of him was convinced Cas couldn't hear him at all.
Dean turns, slides past Cas, picks up a few of the discarded logs, and starts distracting by building a small fire inside of the circle of stones. "Jack, grab some of the old newspapers from the garage, will ya?"
Just far enough that his only option is to slowly move his hands away from his body, and raise them in surrender.
A woman carting a stroller down the middle of the sidewalk parts the pair down the middle, each moving swiftly to the side to allow her to hurriedly pass. Sam edges around her, nodding politely as she passes and scowls up at him.
His hand's shaking as he grabs at it, and needs to bring a second one over to steady the glass. Sam might help with that, he's not really sure- he's just focused on gulping down the liquid- knowing, at least, okay, he can still swallow.
"That girl might be smarter than I give her credit for." He grins, and he thinks it might actually be genuine, “Load it on my laptop, I’m gonna hit the showers.”
"What do you look like?" Dean blurts out as Cas circles the bed. "All seven heads..." He almost jokes but stops himself, struck by the blue in Cas' eyes as he comes in close, and he knows Cas deserves to know it actually matters to Dean- this question.
In another motel room and on the edge of another town, Castiel lays on another bed in the middle of the night, staring up at yet another water-stained ceiling. This one almost resembles an elephant, if he squints.
Neither Sam or John questioned it when he came back with only enough food for the two of them over two hours after dipping out.
"We'll find him." He nods, resolved, believing it with every bone in his body because there simply can't be an alternative.
"Listen," Sam sighs, "I know I sound like a broken record over here, and maybe Dean's saying the same shit..."
Ennis drinks too much and can barely stand, much less hop on a horse back to his own camp, so he passes out by the fire.
Kid puts on a brave face, but Hell is Hell, and the devil's the devil. As much as he pretends to be mostly okay and mostly over all the shit that went down downstairs, Dean knows it still eats at him. Lucifer still makes him freeze up in a way that nothing else does.
"I mean," Sam clears his throat, readjusting again, "It's fine if... uh, I mean," he stops again, lets out a forced chuckle, running a hand through his hair, "You guys are like an old married couple, man. Isn't that what you do when someone's on their deathbed? Call up the spouse?"
Cas is in the library sifting through security footage for the thousandth time, trying to follow the prisoner escort van's trail out of Indiana and losing it on the same highway each time- when Dean prays again.
John stays silent, scowling with words left unsaid inside a clenched jaw and piercing eyes. Sam isn't sure exactly what he means to say, but it chills him to the core that John might not be sure that that
"Alright then." Dean shrugs, easily taking a sip of coffee. Cas watches the movement, having to tell himself to tear his eyes away.
"Hey," Sam's voice cracks a little bit, so he clears his throat when Cas looks up, "How'd you know where we were?"
Abraham and Gail share a look and clasp hands briefly between them before simultaneously raising their right hands to their forehead, right, left, down- motioning a cross in prayer.
He also figured it might be the worst for Cas. Sure, he has Jody and the girls the same as Sam and Dean do, but he's also one to withdraw in on himself and think everyone else is better off going on with their own happy lives even when he's in a bad place himself. Not wanting to bring them down or be a burden. It's something Cas keeps close to the vest, but he's not as great at hiding that stuff as he thinks he is.
"Right now he's very upset he didn't get to cook us all apple pie." Cas swallows picking at a loose thread on his jacket, "Mostly he just talks about what’s on his mind.”
He claps his baby brother on the back and smiles up at him, "Take all the time you need, man. I'm proud of you."
"Surely it's not simply because I'm a demon." Crowley taunts knowingly, "He was a demon, too... at the time. No cross-species nonsense here... no, no... There's only one species Dean has any interest in, much to my loss." He tilts his head, as though goading Cas to answer a question he didn't even ask.
"Oh, I have a feeling you'll come to thank me." She grabs Dean's elbow, tugging him in close. Her voice is nice- she seems nice.
The first chapter has been edited as of 6/24/21, so if you read it after that then you're good but if you read it before that then there's some changes I made to make it a bit more in character, I think.
He imagines, perhaps, it's the simplicity that Dean's brought up before about intimacy. Bringing women home from bars for the comfort of a warm body in bed beside you- not entirely about the sex, but just about not feeling so alone.
Her smile falls to something more somber, eyes flicking between the two, and she abandons the tea on the table beside her, standing and starting for the door as though she'd been waiting for them all along and is now intent on hightailing it all-places-anywhere-else.
Sam stops, swallowing, “Yeah, part of it was to get away from dad, to have my own life… but I also hoped maybe it’d be easier for you. Maybe you wouldn’t have to sacrifice so much anymore if I wasn’t around… cause we both knew you weren’t gonna go anywhere.
"N- not that kind of history. This is a, uh," he clears his throat, "It's a podcast on the history of the Protestant Reformation. A multipart exploration of each of Martin Luther's 95 theses."
Dean grips the wheel, digging his nails into the leather, "Interpol might be a bit high for her blood. We got that chick's number, I say we head back to the bunker and put a trace on it."
John holds up a hand, eyes locking intently on Cas' from across the table, "All I'm hearing are excuses."
"What are you gonna do to me?" His voice is small, and he looks around at the faces surrounding him like he expects a bullet through the skull that very second. A man at the gallows.
That's what John Winchester is best for, isn't it? Getting the job done. Compartmentalizing. Leading.
Cas can't be sure how often the two usually keep in contact, but he'd be remiss if he just leaves her in the dark on this.
Crowley doesn't look up from his reading, "Does she have a friend or am I expected to wait in the car until you've gotten your jollies?"
when you're..." There's not really a word for it. At least not one that will fully explain the feeling of it in a language that Dean would understand.
"Dean, you should take the couch." Dean's closed his eyes but can hear that Cas hasn't taken a step from the middle of the living room, making no move whatsoever towards the couch.
There's a pause, some shuffling of feet before Sam continues, voice low, "Me and Dean know where we stand with each other. We're good with our choices. With who we are... for the first time in a long time. And I think you need to figure out whether you can live with that or not."
Dean picks up Cas' hand from his chest and places it on the sliver of bed between them. Waits a beat, making sure, then leans forward, careful not to shake the bed too much, watching Cas' unmoving form.
"Okay." Dean looks his own reflection in the eye, studying his own face, "My name is Dean Winchester."
Dean hands off his mug without looking, muttering a small, "Thanks." and watches him trail out of the room.
Enough times he started just pick-pocketing the passed out old drunk for cab fare when there wasn't a bus around to take them.
Cas nods, and they trail to Dean’s room together where Dean grabs some sweats, a t-shirt, and a towel, ducking out to leave Cas by his bed- stripping comfortably from his jacket and shoes.
It's not like he wants to live this way... it's a necessity. It's how a guy like him stays sane. You just gotta accept that the wars you're fighting- they're for other people. So other people can have the kinds of things you can't. And that's just the way it is.
As she drones on, Bucky is slowly clamoring to his feet from behind her, struggling against the invisible force yet somehow able to strong arm it just enough to come to a stand. Dean, still splayed on his front, claws his hands against the carpet-
He's flattening down the stray hairs on the sides of his head when Crowley clears his throat and raises his brows expectantly, clearly waiting on him.
"Of course it's about Magda, dad! And it's about me! And Dean! About the demon blood and the secrets and the deals- it's about all of it!"
The demon screeches furiously, tossing Bucky to the ground, moving to step over him when dad starts on the remainder of the exorcism.
Cas only knows as much about Dean's father's personality as he's been able to string together from meager stories that Sam or Dean have told through the years- likely highly edited stories as to not appear as outwardly flooded with childhood negligence as they nearly always seem to indicate- but all the same, John is a man stuck in his ways. He's a hardened soldier, a man who demands respect, is protective over his sons, and he knows exactly his capabilities. It's from him that Dean gets much of his genealogy where alcoholism and anger is concerned. And Dean says that Sam has the same hard-headedness as their father, too.
The fabric of Cas' pants rustle, slipping against the leather chair and drawing Dean’s gaze back up. Cas isn't looking his way, seeming lost in his own thoughts, squinting down at his phone, tapping out a text on his cell.
, Rowena. A powerful spell book shows up and all of a sudden you're here to help? Altruism isn't exactly your style."
They get themselves away from the war and they build themselves a family and surround themselves with the things they've always been fighting to find. Cause Dean's never meant to be the guy that makes it to the end of the flick. He’s the grave they visit sometimes to remind themselves to be thankful for all they’ve got.
He had accepted it sometime in the middle there and it's barely crossed his mind since then. He pushed it all down. He pushed down the fact that he's gonna to die young. He pushed down the fact that he can't have a family. He pushed down the fact that he's in love with Cas and has been for years. He pushed it all down over and over again because so what if he's not someone that gets to have those kinds of things? It just gets them all hurt and killed. So what if he can't be in love with someone? It's safer for them if he's not. He's the guy that saves the world so that regular people with regular lives get to have their happy endings. That's never something he was gonna be able to have.
He talks to him. Puts an effort in. Sometimes it's just a text or two throughout the day- just normal stuff. Checking in.
Literally one of my all-time favorite episodes. Hope I've done it some justice and added some good meat to its already hefty bones.
The final song on the album draws to a close after a time, lengthening the silence between them. Cas rises from the bed to change the record. He strips off his trenchcoat again. And the suit jacket beneath, draping both carefully across the foot of the bed. Dean doesn’t look up.
Room twelve's decorative style isn't much more advanced than the office, covered in wooden paneling and a comforter with an odd design on it themed of wagons. Like any other room before and surely any after, he falls backwards onto the bed, his feet planted on the ground and hanging off the side.
"Several times." He says, taking another bite of food, swallowing, and adding, now to Claire, "I'm sorry, I seem to have more of an effect on people's lives than I realized. But please don't blame Dean. As I understand, he doesn't handle my deaths well."
"Oh, yeah. Great. Thank you." He smiles back politely, sniffing before pretending to take a tentative sip.
John pipes in then, taking a step forward, a hand outstretched between the three as if to pause the conversation "Hold up-
He turns, expecting her to be at his side, or anywhere else along the trail on her right- but it seems she's disappeared. Maybe she wasn't here?
"What do you think about me and Cas?" The words slip out of Dean's mouth before he has a chance to even consider how they sound. But, they're out there now, so...
Lucifer steps forward slowly, with intent. Castiel crumpled on the floor and Tommy stuck against another wall, completely silent to the supernatural melee occurring before his very eyes.
"Dean?" Sam pounds abruptly on the door only a couple times before letting himself in. Dean and Cas part their gaze at the same time, looking up at Sam who jolts a moment at the realization he may have interrupted something, before he quickly recuperates. "Uh, Jody and the girls are here. They're looking for you guys."
"Well, it helps that he's not in D.C." Dean nods at his computer, "He's, uh, actually on a fundraising swing through the Midwest. Looks like his whole party- aides, Secret Service, the whole circus- is staying at an estate owned by Ron Forester. That, uh, hedge fund zillionaire. Outside Indianapolis."
rooms... hell, maybe even three- is beyond him. But, Sam wants Dean to play nice, he'll play nice. The good son. Just like fuckin’ always.
"Why not?" She says it simply. Easily. Like it's an easy question and has an easy answer. As if life worked like that at all.
Dean's dad to like him. He doesn't have to think a whole lot of him, but to tolerate his presence would be enough at the very least. To have him not so clearly be considering Cas' murder at any given moment would be a greater ask that he's less hopeful for yet.
It's in the way he looks at his sons now... like they've tumbled down a road so dark you can't see through the thick of it to know who's the enemy and who's the friend anymore.
"Why did you bring me here?" John finally speaks, ignoring the question, the deep gruffness to his voice so familiar that it stops Dean in his tracks. His father stands up straighter, brow furrowed, hands in fists at his side, elbowed out like he's about ready to fight his way out of whatever situation this is, "We had a deal."
“Hard to say. Zachariah had a tendency to create entire fractions of realities, but it certainly would’ve been easier to simply send you forward.”
But Cas recovers quick, using that split-second of distraction to rear back and plunge forward- knocking his forehead against Ishim's.
"I'll follow up with Lemmons-" Crowley shoves his hands in his jacket, head high, "I can be...quite persuasive."
It shouldn't be a big deal, but that one little innocent comment... What did he see? Dean wasn't looking any type of way. He's just looking at his phone, maybe smiling a little bit.
his own responsibility. They shouldn't get in the middle now. They'll be upset, of course, but right now the best option is to keep Crowley as his backup, with Rowena, and leave the brothers out of it. That way, if the three of them end up killed today, at least the world will still have the Winchesters to do something else about it tomorrow.
that he cares about us-" Dean scoffs, turning rapidly but managing to cool himself at the last second, "I'm- I'm grateful… But Billie said there would be 'cosmic consequences' if that deal got broken. You have
" Cas instantly regrets asking it, because he answers his own question the second the words pass through his lips.
That's when a tree a few yards ahead rustles, drawing his attention. He lowers the phone, softening his tread as he pads forward and reaches around his back for the gun at his waist.
Turns out the vamps were holdovers from a nest Claire and Donna had raided a few weeks ago. They'd tried picking up the trail but it had gone cold, then the end of the world happened and things kind of just got pushed under the rug. Dean is trying not to yell about leaving shit unfinished, but him staying uncharacteristically silent seems to make everyone just as tense as if he did.
Dean slices clean through his thigh- Ishim has his hands on the collar of his shirt before he can even react, tossing him several feet across the room, back hitting the far wall. He shakes his head, the room spinning-
"I'm drunk." Is all he says in explanation before turning and nearly tripping into the dying fire. He messily rights himself, barreling directly towards the bunker doors the rest of the way without looking back.
This must be what it feels like to humans, too. Terrible and exhilarating all at once. Because Cas’ heart is beating so hard against his chest, he’s surprised it doesn’t wake Dean.
He sets his jaw and stares intently at the lines on the road as they pass. There's a motel just on the corner up ahead, it’s red vacancy sign flickering in and out.
Cas must be looking at Dean some type of way because Dean's face turns red and he looks back down at his hand now trailing down Cas' arm, and starts a subject, like he loves to do to keep too much focus off of him.
Dean waits for him to elaborate... but when Sam doesn't, he nods rapidly, waving a hand as if to egg him on, "Okay,
Cops'll show up to clean up the rest, and tend to the family. No one's ever gonna know what happened to Magda but the three in this car.
Hell, maybe he and Sam are getting up there enough to fit in that category now, too. They're sure reclusive enough for it. And they've got probably what? Maybe a couple good years left before this job kills them? Rufus and Bobby were damn near elderly in a hunter's lifespan. Sam and Dean? Over the hill.
What's it matter to you?" He takes a full bite of his burger, ketchup and pickle sloughing out the side and onto his cheek and hands.
"You like it." Sam actually laughs at the look on Dean's face, continuuing to chuckle to himself while he switches back to looking out the window- and that... well, how can Dean argue with that. If Sam's laughing at him, he can't think too hard about Lucifer, then, can he?
Dean laughs at Cas' serious tone and finally takes the charm, adding it to the Impala's keys, "Well he's not mine either, FYI."
Sam's light brushes over a tree trunk, highlighting a dark, bloodied handprint on the side, "Hey-" he moves his beam up the tree. There's a round embedded in the bark a few feet above the blood.
"We, uh... hear he was a good guy," Sam clears his throat, thumbing to Jody, "Was a friend of Jody's. Jody, John... Dad, this is Jody Mills."
EMF is quiet. John might be having better luck in the woods surrounding the property, but Sam tries to be smarter about it...
Vince slowly slides his eyes to the camera, a small smile rising on the corner of his mouth. "Go to Hell." He breathes, grin widening.
Instead, he slices a clean cut on his palm, dropping the blade at his side and starting in on the sigil while Ishim rambles on.
It's trippy seeing this many people in the cities. Being out in the boonies, they don't get much by way of heavy population- Lebanon is what, a couple hundred folks? He knows faces there now, and they know him.
“Though I must say,” Cas continues, “It is difficult to be objective where John is concerned, knowing some of what you've gone through.”
She peels up a portion of her dress, just up to the knee, showing a pink, jagged, rippling scar down the length of her calf.
"Isn't he, though?" Billie looks at him, then turns slowly back to John, "Tell me I'm wrong. No mission. Love of your life still
The coffee maker groans out a final loud grumble, and stops. He turns the thing off, immediately tugging out the pot and filling his mug, the liquid sloshing against the rim.
"What Ishim said..." Dean starts, sitting slow in the chair on the other side of the table and placing his beer somewhere in the middle of Asia, "You're not weak, Cas. You know that, right?"
”Party-animal? Pot-Kettle, Sheriff. You were the one in a dance contest with Donna half the night.” Dean says.
Cas shakes his head, and Dean grins, standing rapidly and jogging off to the kitchen with one last ruffling of his angel's hair. He grabs a pan from Sam's grasp and shoos him from the kitchen, though not without protest.
He scoffs, taking the page, "Awesome." But it’s clearly not even worth the read, so he shoves it back on top of Sam's book, and a figure in the doorway catches his attention. Cas stands in full business attire, trenchcoated to the nines.
But John doesn't let it go so easily. His voice stays even, a venom to it directed squarely at Dean, "What happened to
"You ever planning on telling us that? Or were you just thinking, 'eh," Dean shrugs exaggeratedly, mocking, "'See em when I see em, I guess?' But you'll drive all the way to Canada to see some dead guy?"
Dean tries for a grin, but it comes out more a weak grimace, and he shrugs, "Guess I’m just that irresistible."
Dean hears them talk on the phone all the time. They text. Marathon the same shows and mail things back and forth to each other. Small stuff, like books. He knows cause when Cas took the dive and said the big
Dean looks back at the reaper- and points at her, mind working at the same time, "You got in there. You got in to reap that soul. You can get me in."
"Akobel was killed for his crimes... and the child..." he trails off, thumbs fiddling in their grasp of one another.
He turns on the water, peels off his clothes, and settles them in a pile in the corner of the floor. Two towels and two sets of pajamas are sitting on the edge of the sink waiting. Just tee shirts and flannel bottoms. Normal stuff. But Dean does still feel weird about wearing Jody's dead husband's clothes. He never knew the guy, or even met him. Jody seemed cool with it, though, so he supposes it's fine. If Jody and the girls needed clothes at the bunker, he tries to imagine he'd be just as fine loaning some of his mom's stuff. Even though that loss is still fresh, he thinks he'd be okay with it just because it's them. His family.
"I don't-" He starts, but stops himself, reconsidering, "It's uncomfortable. I... rarely when I've been unconscious has it been under comfortable circumstances."
