Bucky looked confused.
Fury's speech ended with a low growl from Tony, who, influenced by his mate's obvious state of upset, attacked.  Unfortunately, he didn't attack Fury, who was a beta. Rather, he attacked the nearest Alpha, who happened to be Dr. Brennan.
, but it's like pulling teeth with the execs, they don't want to give him full creative control... he's still got plenty of energy, though, you know, he's about your age."
He doubted the tesseract was worth worrying about.  Tony was all about alternative energy.  SHIELD sounded like they had it under control; Steve was overreacting.
Something hit Tony in the gut, hard.  "...who was the second-to-last one?"
"My apologies, sir.  Do let me know when you're finished with your wallowing."
It was the most the soldier had said in over a year.
And the subject was quickly dropped.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve curled his hands onto Tony's shoulder and then into his hair. Steve wasn't tugging, his fingers just lightly scratching at Tony's scalp. He gasped quietly when he felt the drag of teeth against his lips and trembled.
"Yep, all packed. For both of us, but no peeking in the suitcase, mister," Steve warned him playfully. "Tomorrow's your birthday, not today." He kissed Tony on the cheek and let him take the suitcase. It was just clothes, or mostly clothes... there was nothing heavy inside. Steve grabbed both their coats (it was England, after all) and followed Tony downstairs.
to call Phil and--"
"...not very dominant.  I know," said Tony. "Naw, according to Stark family legend, I was born with my eyes open and my hackles raised.  There wasn't any doubt." Tony didn't know whether this particular detail was true. However, he had seen an old photo from the early seventies in which his mother and Ana were laughing themselves senseless at a four-month-old baby Tony growling at Goofy at Disneyland, hair spiked and lip curled.  (Presumably his father had taken the picture. A contemporary of Walt Disney, his father had often referred to him as "damned wasted talent," and Tony saw it as a rare sign of affection that he had taken his infant son to Disneyland.)
Four abortions. Steve closed his eyes.
In and out. In and out. Steve focused on breathing and calming himself down. He'd send the letters to Natasha, see what she could do with them. Really, they could have been from anywhere. But they'd only been in the hotel a night. Wherever Bucky was, that was a day's post away. God, that was close, wasn't it?
Tiberius walked back into the room and froze.  "...what the--"
He pulled on the dark coloured gear, the night vision goggles sticking his hair up as he pushed them up to his forehead. Steve took a lot of weaponry (he had a tendency to throw stuff and then lose it). He took two knives at each hip, daggers at his wrists and then a pistol which he didn't really want to use but... Steve took it anyway.
about it. Does Tony know?"
"Don't worry, we'll make sure you're taken care of," said Banksy evasively.  "C'mon, have a slumber party with us, Donner! How about you and me and George all take a room together, huh?  I heard you got accepted to Harvard... you know, George here just got his degree, too. In theater, right George?"
"An old friend," Steve said only as he went to fetch his first aid kit. Bucky was something private, something that was his. Steve wasn't usually selfish but Bucky was something he wasn't prepared to share with the world just yet- or rather, the memory of him. He was dead, long gone, but still precious.
Tony reached out for Steve's hand to get him to hold still.  "...you know, otters hold hands when they sleep, to keep from floating away from each other," he informed Steve lazily.  He'd heard that on a nature documentary he'd watched, half-stoned, during his time in Colorado. A pause. "...they also rape baby seals to death, apparently.  And collect rocks. ...a funny animal, the otter." He stifled a contented yawn. The warmth of the pool was relaxing.
"Yes, sir, fourteen times.  Her voicemail is full.  You've left messages.  Most of them incomprehensible."
"Okay. Better go for I say more dumb shit. Have a good one, Cap." And then he hung up.
and how
His left arm itched; now that he was aware that it was missing the itching was nearly unbearable.
He looked at Steve, whose expression was one of grim determination.  It looked like they were doing this, whether they wanted to or not. Tony wasn't going to let Steve go alone, that was for sure.
1) Project 84
"...fair enough. I mean, you'll certainly make an entrance."
Steve was actually nervous as he stepped into the elevator. He was holding a fairly large paper bag.
"No, sir.  Point three."
But when Tony mentioned the vasectomy Steve's head shot up. Before, kids had been out of the question; Steve was a soldier and aSHIELD agent but now he... what did he have to do with his life? Aside from civil rights stuff and charity work and maybe the occasional modelling gig, Steve had zero real commitments. He didn't own a company like Tony did. So there was nothing
"...you, uh... you gonna bet him?" asked Eric in a hushed tone.  Even more Alphas perked up and looked over.
Tony didn't sleep well.
"Rhodey doesn't roll like that.  But I'm still rooting for Sam," said Tony with a grin.  "You and Taylor and Banksy looked cute together. You still want to sneak off to the beach after midnight?  I thought we could have some private time... y'know, like Sam and Rhodey." He laughed and leaned in for another kiss.
Pepper was delicately patting Tony's face with God-knows-what while Tony sipped at a new glass of alcohol.  His face broke into a smile when he saw Steve. "Steve. Look," he said excitedly. He pointed to the lapel of his suit.  There was a small silver horseshoe pin. "...I know
Natasha seemed to consider, then nodded.  A moment later the two were throwing back shots.
"Hold that thought," said Tony.  He pointed to the waiter. " Crème brûlée.  Do you still have it?"
Steve ordered the tagliatelle, meatballs and something to do with mozzarella. That and a mocktail that the waiter would apparently make up himself and promised would be delicious.
"I have a meeting in San Francisco on behalf of AccuTech this afternoon, and wanted to stop by to say hello.  ...can you please put on a towel?"
Tony shrugged, not moving.  "Life's too short, Pepper.  Life's short and... and... what's the point of living it if you're not going to
At the sight of the first white orchid, Tony was hit with two memories.
.  He cares about someone
Steve's hands fisted in his hair. Stupid people. So stupid. They didn't understand. They could shut up already.  His heat was fogging his mind, making him irritable and confused and disoriented, and he could feel his bond with Bucky, throbbing insistently in his gut, confusing him further.
Beyond the glass, Tony was stirring.
"No, it's just a cramp.  He's kick--
was going for a towel and had the decency to look embarrassed. "The last thing you need is a naked picture of the two of you in your pool Tony...."
He hesitated.  "...'44?"
just- ah!" Steve's lips parted prettily in silent gasp as Tony thrust in
Tony was basically asleep in his lap by the time anything interesting happened in the movie.  Steve was about three quarters of the way through the movie and a girl was sobbing directly at the camera and he was... getting freaked out. This movie was creepier than he'd anticipated and watching all the characters on screen argue about a map to the point of aggression was unnerving. And all the running around in the night and creepy witch offerings.
Wow. Low blow. Steve's jaw tensed.
Oh shit.  He really was dead, then.  Because removing the arc reactor should have--
Karpov's radio crackled.
Tony plucked the soap away from Steve.  "Let me," he offered, gently turning Steve around and beginning to massage his back.  "...did you explain to Rhodey how much you
The men in the room didn't look sympathy.  Quite the contrary.  They looked
When Tony's fingers began exploring Steve shivered. He didn't pull away from the touch, not afraid of it feeling again with just Tony here in their own hotel room. The concept as a whole still worried him out though. Did Natasha use it on her opponents? Was the kind of thing a SHIELD agent learned?
"Here."  She passed him a third drink; Tony took it with the gauntlet, with surprising delicacy, and sipped it.
Tony closed his eyes again.
He stood, wobbled, then sat.  "Oh, man, it feels like the room is spinning," said Tony.
That was probably everyone.  Tony was certain that Google would be clogged with inquiries about omegas and that the library was probably experiencing a stampede of Alphas who were suddenly very, very interested in omega rights.
He stopped short and scanned the stairwell.  Had he just heard that or thought it? If he'd thought it, where had the thought come from?  He felt a strange sense of anxiety that he wasn't sure he'd ever felt before.
Steve stared dumbly at the back of the suit as Tony had walked away, taking a minute to get himself to move.
him from having the time to raise a child if he wanted to.
"A w-what?" Steve stammered. He took a step back, hands up.  "M'am I'm not- I'm so sorry. I don't know how I got here!"
Tony looked over at Steve in alarm.  "That's fast," he said.
He knew an outsider might comment on the imbalance in the bedroom but after everything Tony had been through in Afghanistan....Steve didn't expect anything from him. He was just happy they got to enjoy each other as it was.
The expression on Bucky's face made his heart beat faster. Steve both hated it and loved it at the same time.
"No... no, I want a margarita..."
Rhodes smirked a little more but didn't comment.  "I'll call if we find anything out," he said, rising, waving the card at them.  "Thanks for the beer.  Have fun, lovebirds."
Tony tried to locate the waiter to order another scotch.  "...what's with you and sending people to camps?" blurted Tony before he could help himself.  He immediately knew he'd misstepped. Badly.
"...Steve miscarried?"
Tony."
"...sort of," said Tony.  "Also I need you to find a way to deduct forty-two thousand from my taxes but we can talk 'bout that later."
"Okay, whatever you say, Tony..." Steve mumbled, still not convinced, but his tone was good-natured. He didn't understand how watching a load of teenagers get lost in the wood was scary. But he was preferred to give Tony the benefit of the doubt.
The woman was tugging on his arm but Tony couldn't feel it and he began walking, ignoring the throb of his injured ankle, not realizing she was pulling him. The suit clanked and whirred, its gears doing the work for Tony's muscles, his own strength and agility because artificially enhanced by the technology, and, in the case of his bad ankle, replaced entirely.
Steve let Tony tug him up and followed him into the shower. He used the peach shampoo again, the sweet scent pleasant. Once showered Steve left Tony in the bathroom to shave, kissing his cheek before he pulled away with a towel around his waist. He wasn't sure what one was supposed to wear for breakfast at seven in the morning so went to grab jeans, a tee and a hoodie.
"Actually, the bottom of the totem pole is the most sacred place," said Laura.
"I know," Steve said quietly. "I promise. I'll call."
"Duty calls," Steve sighed. He turned and tilted his head down to give Tony a proper kiss. "Love you," he whispered against his lips before he pulled away towards the stage.
"No. No break. Let's just get this over and done with. It'll be easier after a while," Steve said. He didn't like how formal it was. Lydia and Kitty were so serious and professional, and yes they were good at their jobs...or Steve was sure they were, but they weren't exactly making him feel more at ease either. It was so normal to them. Steve couldn't comprehend it.
secrets bonds or romances or love interests, right?  Things with you and your Alpha friends, Sam, Natasha... just platonic, right?  No previous flirting or anything?  Other than Bucky, are there any other exes I need to know about?  I'm going to include, by the way, any... any undercover stuff you're doing.  You're not... not acting as anyone else's omega, right?  Not pretending?  There's
"Omegas are stronger instincts than we do, you know.  They're less people then we are... arguably, just as we're less human than betas.  Because we are products of our biology, driven to obey our urges without rational thought."
"He's the omega version of captain America," Steve muttered into glass, his gaze getting distant as he supposedly imagined doing away with Gideon all over again.
The praise washed over him comfortingly. It made Steve feel calm.
Steve half-smiled when Phil gave his grumpy reply. He knew what it was like and he couldn't imagine the pain of it, and having to be around other people too.  "There's more privacy upstairs if you want privacy..." Steve offered gently. "And, er-" he cleared his throat. "
He made sure he'd had a few drinks, enough to settling his stomach and the shaking in his hands, before he called to JARVIS.  "Hey, let Steve know I'm up and in the shop.  Code's still 1009.  Oh, and ask him to make me coffee?" hollered Tony over the guitar.
She pointed to Steve.  "Omegas can't wear jackets."
"The computer picked up three EEGs."
," she barked.  "
"We went to the beach yesterday," explained Tony, calming a little, expecting to see himself at any moment.
Steve shivered when Tony nuzzled against him and his beard dragged over the soft skin of Steve's neck.
The film began skipping.  Tony sighed, moving to fix it, but suddenly, there was a new shot.  It was steady; his father was sitting behind the model, looking grave, sober, hands laced together.  It seemed darker, emptier, later.  "Tony."
Tony laughed, then realized he was serious.  "Oh... oh, no. No, we wouldn't-- I don't think--"  They'd never talked about it. Tony looked at Steve in alarm.  Technically, Steve could sire a child, if he waned to. Knock up another omega or a beta.  "--no. No, we don't want kids," he finished lamely.
Sam swiped a pine cone off the ground and threw it at him.  "What the
"...it doesn't hurt... just... kind of... itches.  And stings," said Tony, scratching the back of his neck furiously.
It was better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it.  That was what he told the other Howlies anytime they went out into the field.  He remembered tucking spare clips into Bucky's pockets, murmuring the same phrase, tenderly.  He remembered how they'd avoided looking into each other's eyes.  Bucky had clearly been embarrassed to be ordered around by an omega.
No one had mentioned that their rescue mission had been completely unauthorized.
"Poor Sergent Barnes.  He was such a sweet fellow.  I do imagine he and Tony would have been friends... he was very much like you, Tony."
It felt weird to have someone care about him for no reason at all.
Tony melted a little when Steve called him "Alpha."
!  No I
"I literally brought the Winter Soldier to you last week; I'd say that makes up for at least some of the trouble I caused." The line was quiet for a moment and then Steve asked, "I did do the right thing, didn't I?"
"Hey, hey, hey, look, everyone, look, this is Stan... Stan's my PA, isn't he something, look at him... he looks just like Captain America, right!  'Cept, y'know, omega.  He won't let me lick him, though--"
Steve had his elbows on the breakfast bar and watched the scene unfold between his fingers. It was painfully awkward. Maybe he should just go upstairs; Donner didn't want him here anyway. He began actively considering it as Gleason stepped out of the living room. He'd been having a nap on one of the sofas, considering the late hour.
"You don't want to make this difficult," Judy assured her and the woman relented, stepping back as she wrung her hands in front of her.
He pulled out of Steve's grip and then disappeared.
Steve smiled triumphantly as Tony slipped into the water. He slipped under Tony's body, diving in and around him in seamless, streamlined movements. He was teasing him, that much was evident. Maybe it was because he couldn't help himself. Or maybe it was Steve's way of flirting.
Tony felt relief when Steve said they hadn't slept together, but it was nothing compared to the relief he felt when Steve told him he didn't have to eat.
"Yes."
"Less talky, more brain-picky," interrupted Tony impatiently.
"Don't worry, Romanov.  He's good, for a civilian, but no one's going to replace Barton," said Fury.
Steve gently peeled back the wrapping paper. The present had been diligently wrapped, the wrapping paper pretty. There was a small box inside which he opened to find a collection of handmade sweets.
"Twenty-five," intoned JARVIS.
'Giddy' was such a gross nickname.)  "--to come for you? He put you here. All because you spoke to some kids at that conference, right?"
"Now what?" Steve asked, still sweaty and feverish still.
"...you're right," agreed Tony.  Steve's words snapped him back into reality.
Even a stopped clock was right twice a day, right?
The soldier knew all about bonding marks.  He'd seen plenty. He knew what was coming when the omega began to pull down the collar of his jacket.
"No. You could be anyone. You could be HYDRA. I'm not coming with you."
Tony, already attuned to Steve's feelings, could feel his gut wrenching.  His eyes were actually watering.
"I'll do that."
"Prone to episodes," said Pepper tactfully.  She chewed her lower lip. She didn't like the idea of him holing himself up downstairs and drinking himself into a stupor, which was how Tony tended to handle emotional situations.  She remembered how he'd cried when he'd first found out about Bucky and she got goosebumps. "...I'm going to try to go get him, okay? Steve, eat that. Your body needs food."
peer, and stare, and gossip. That was the problem.
Richard, the guy who owned Rex, was telling his own origin story.  He had not presented as an Alpha early and had spent a miserable childhood with a father who kept trying to shock him into Alphahood.  Convinced he was indeed an Alpha, he spent a lot of time jumping out at him and tossing him into the lake behind the house in the hopes of getting his hackles up.
"Come on.  Grab your helmet, Stark.  Toss me the shield. We've got to go.  Right now." Her voice was low and gentle and calm and measured.
"Ow.  Jesus Christ, Yinsen, warn a guy, won't you?"
"I met this omega. His Alpha used to have an omega before him; he was 'badly' behaved because he was bought and tried to escape. One day he did escape, maybe, or he went to one of those auctions... he always said he wanted to find his brother. And he has your brother's name, Charles Bernard Barton. I thought you'd wanna know."
Steve pushed past the double doors after Phil, ignoring her.
Donner ducked his head shyly.
"And that's exactly why I had to come out. Because everyone assumed," Steve said quietly as he poured hot water over coffee grounds in a cafetière. The hot water pooled at the bottom and chocolate coloured water bloomed within it. "I want people to know that stereotypes are sometimes wrong. That an omega can do anything, can lead if they want to.  Fury says I started a mess...but I'm not sure I could live with myself if I kept hidden," Steve admitted quietly as he slid his cup over. "I can't help but think what would happen if I'd been open in the forties? Everyone told me not to make a fuss but...what if I'd made a difference? I'll never know now, but-" he shrugged. "If an Alpha tells me to stay quiet, I won't listen to them anymore. I'm sick of doing things other people's way- I want to see what I can do on my own, for once."
Jed offered Steve a ride to the airport just as the sun was setting; it would be easier for him to leave at night, quietly and without anyone noticing, than trying to muscle through crowds of curious fans.  "I just have to wake up Tony," he whispered to Jed; she followed him to their tent.  Tony was curled into a tiny ball on the cot, burritoed in Steve's coat.
Steve felt like he was floating. His consciousness ebbed out and in but Tony remained constant. He would squirm every time he became aware of his surroundings once more, whimpering and begging underneath Tony until he filled him up again and he was lulled into a half sleep. He would still squirm, even in his sleep, wriggling around Tony's knot as if he was just trying to get comfortable.
"Yes."
was a tragedy, not a stupid action flick.
If he could just get the Mark VII up and running, there would be that, too.  But Tony couldn't go down to the shop without looking at the pile of photos on his desk and he remembered, with a sinking sensation, how few of those photos of his father included his father's omega, the omega that didn't get paid and was treated, not as a partner, but as a servant.
But he never voiced it, ever.  That would have given the idea too much power.
"You can have the shield," Steve told him when he returned to the workshop. "But--" He pushed the pizza box toward. "Eat first. And yes, we'll do the auction. And why do you want tigers exactly? Can't we just get a dog like normal people?"
Steve put his hands up to his face and peeked through his fingers.  He could stand brighter lights than some people could in shades. They'd done a lot of experiments on him in the past, around the war. They'd wanted to be able to recreate the serum some day and the only way they could do that is if they understood it in the first place.  Or anyways, that's what they told him when they kept shining a pen light into his eyes.
...a surprise?  Tony was an impatient person and disliked surprises.  He doubted he could be more surprised than he already was, though, after learning who Steve really way.  He threw back the aspirin Steve gave him, watching the other man leave.  "Uh, Steve?  You might wanna... you know, wear a scarf."  Tony pointed to his own neck, indicating where the bruise on Steve's was.
"No, he means seriously," Steve said with a smile. "He's been doing a lot of work on his suits.  It's very impressive. He can even pick me up with it."
It had been a tearful reunion which mainly consisted of Aria pulling Steve into the tightest hug and letting out a stream of expletives telling him to never ignore her texts again. It had been pretty similar to his reunion with Pepper, although that had involved far less swearing.
Stark and that-- that is on you!"
side. They said SHIELD was founded by Peggy, but Peggy would have never treated Steve like this. He wouldn't let them control him anymore, keep him in hiding. Steve wanted to open and honest for goddamn once. He wanted people to know Captain America was an omega. He wanted to just...make a difference. If he just inspired one little omega kid growing up that they were strong enough, that they could do whatever they wanted...that would make this all worth it for Steve.
Bucky had ruined everything and yet... he was the only reason Steve had made it this far. Fate was cruel to him.
"I would never believe you. You're far too proud for that."
"Fuck suppressants!" said Trey.
! Do you think you serve as a good role model for other omegas who were force bonded?!" a woman said, her voice so loud she was almost shouting. Steve blinked.
"Okay." Steve breathed. "Fine."
"Here," said Clint, pressing a cool cloth over Steve's neck.  He glanced over at the others, then back to Steve. No one, he remembered, had explained this stuff to Steve; Steve had grown up in the twenties.  "...that's actually how it feels. I mean... I mean, every time you're bitten there. It's just that, the first time, you go into the honeymoon phase and you're so full of hormones, you don't notice it.  Same with heats. It actually hurts like hell if it's..." He trailed off. Steve's heat had been induced, not natural, and now that the hormones had worn off, Steve's neck was no doubt in excruciating pain.  Omegas had described abnormal breaking of the gland to feel like acid. "It takes two or three days before it stops stinging," he added.
"-are you bonded?!"
"JARVIS isn't actually going to tell Pepper that, right?" Steve asked, sounding worried. He liked Pepper- he'd like her to respect him...and not think about Tony doing
Steve rolled his eyes. "You make it sound like I took him on a picnic, Tony. I drove for over ten hours straight. I took him to a safe house, and then Fury took him away. Yes, I told you to back off on our bond.  I was mad, okay? And stressed. Very stressed. Surprisingly enough, being in a car with him was very taxing."  Steve paused.  He didn't want to be sarcastic.  That wouldn't help things.  Gentler, he said, "I think the problem is... that we don't talk about it enough. I'm scared of talking about Bucky because I don't want to upset you. But I think instead it just made you anxious about how
He squinted at the photos on the fridge.  One of Steve and Natasha, Natasha looking deadly but a hint of a smile in her eyes.  One of Steve giving a cheeky thumbs-up next to his own gravesite.  One of Natasha and Clint giving each other bunny ears in front of the Washington Monument.  Clearly, Steve and the other Avengers were more than just work friends.
"Little dogs are always the yappiest ones," said Tony wisely, spooning Steve harder when Steve touched his hip.  "...d'you think Natasha knows about the scent gland pressure point thing? I assume she knows all that shit." He paused.  "I don't want to be able to do it to manipulate you. I want to do it because it... it seemed like you liked it. I want to be able to do things to make you feel good."  Tony was mumbling a little, clearly embarrassed by his uncharacteristic display of unselfishness. "I never got with men or omegas and now I feel like I have to relearn everything, like how to, you know, how do deal with your... you know,
the angel.
"Yeah. Clint, look..."
Pepper shook her head quickly.  "No, don't apologize, Stan.  We can handle this."  Pepper took a deep breath.  "...when we get back to America you can take some time off, if you need to.  But we can't leave you here.  Our flight leaves tonight; we have to get back to deal with the press."  She wondered if it would be rude to tell Steve he should take another flight.  She had never worked directly with an omega before, and being Tony Stark's assistant wasn't really a job that came with personal days.  She'd never considered Steve's omega status when considering his application; Stark Industries was an equal opportunity employer and, due to Howard's progressive stance on omega rights, they had always worked hard to give everyone a fair shot.  But heats were a reality of being an omega and the last thing Pepper needed was for Tony and Steve to be flinging themselves at each other in the middle of a PR nightmare.
"After Dad died I... I was trying to run this business, and... and I felt like... like a joke, almost.  Me and Obadiah were partners. But I was the acting CEO, and Obie... he was like, a head taller, way, way more dominant, and... and I sort of found my niche by... you know, acting a lot more confident than I was and everything.  Because people will believe what they see, and I carved out this image of myself, you know, this no-fucks-to-give playboy, and everyone thought I was a badass, and then..."
"Yeah.  We were cuddling, he woke up, babbled a bunch of stuff in Russian, punched a hole in the wall, the yooj."
"But we're going up to the lodge today.  We're allowed to go up to the lodge, right?" demanded Tony.
"Ahem," said the female Alpha in the audience.
Steve could still remember the first time they let him go a bike. The way the wind had whipped through his hair and stung at his knuckles as he'd gone way too fast. He'd loved it. They never bothered with a license for him once he was in the Howlies.  No one cared if an omega drove a car through Nazi-occupied, war-torn France.  Yet another thing Steve had loved about the army.
Once they were out on the street the noise hit him like a tidal wave, the car no longer muffling the chaos of everyday life. Steve had missed it. Brooklyn was never quite so busy, but it was
"...yes," said Bucky, who had no clue what he meant.
Then again, he hadn't realized Jarvis wasn't even getting paid.
Tony shook his head out.
"So we don't know where he is?" asked Tony.
"And so good at making excuses too."
It was an unusual thing to say; Steve couldn't help but feel that his captivity was rather personal.
Tony leaned down and grabbed Steve's shirt in his teeth, giving it a tug.  "If you undress I might just show you what's under my fur," he joked. Tony had every intention of going to the auction dressed as a squirrel and standing neck to Malick to embarrass him.
"Yeah... yeah, it kinda is," she hummed. "So, the Times. Shall we say Saturday? That gives you another day for honeymoon. But we don't want you in the dark for too long Steve."
Tony breathed a sigh of relief when they got home and slipped off to his shop.  He needed a new core on the arc reactor, and he also needed to beat off and to nap.
Tony let out a scream and flung himself out of bed, hitting the floor with enough force to knock the wind out of him.
He shrugged. There's nothing Steve could do without getting himself kicked out.
how I feel about her!"
They both didn't mention that if Steve wore his uniform people would be able to see the back of his neck.
for him. I thought time would work its magic but it clearly hasn't."
Tony rearranged his face into a pleasant but less gleeful smile and threw an arm around Steve's shoulders.  "Our first Christmas together? It's gonna be
Brooke was oblivious to Tony's feud; she was tugging Steve's hand insistently, smiling at him.
"But you didn't. He didn't. Whatever," Sam sighed and looked down at him with a worried look on his features. "Don't worry. We'll work this out. We have the best people on this, you know SHIELD."
then, at least, he would calm down enough to talk.
that worries me."
She frowned.  "Steve, can you... do something about...?"  She gestured, then turned to the kids. "Shoo."
Despite being in post-heat, Steve insisted on going down to the Project 84 offices.  Tony clung to him protectively. In the office, the omegas smirked knowingly at Steve's flushed appearance and slightly hyper demeanor.
"...I won't," said Tony.  "Thanks for embarrassing me in front of my mate."  He hugged her delicately.
"I don't have a doctorate and you can just call me Tony," said Tony, turning out to look at Charlotte.  She was a wispy Alpha with long, straight dark hair. She was perched on a stool sipping a brightly colored drink and when she hopped down she wobbled a little, tipsy.  The odds did not look fantastic for team Alpha.
"You look sort of...lost."
He set his forehead on his knees, waiting for it to pass, metal hand gripping the payphone hard enough to leave dents in it.
"Fuck," he whispered.
"Technically," Fred said. "But they all think they'll do better by it, you know? In this world you have to be  mated to get places."
"Yes," said Tony firmly.
Something warmed in Steve's chest. Her approval meant a lot to him.
Steve stepped in after Tony and then shut the door behind himself. He leaned against it. "What's wrong?"
had become
"Look, you can stay here if it'll keep you from getting
"...I missed... I missed the way you try not to blush when I whisper dirty words in your ear.  I miss the way it feels when we've just made love and we're knotted and we just lay there for a while holding each other.  I miss the way you let me grab your wrists and pretend to pin you down even though we both know you're stronger than me."
Tony was lost.  So the step-son was in a trio?  Also, what the fuck kind of name was Sunshine?  It sounded like a cheap stripper.
"...Steve has," said Tony with a mischievous grin.
"--by the time I was thirteen, he'd just about given up," said Richard.  "My three older sisters were all betas and my pop was completely distraught.  Then one day we were taking a walk around the lake and I was trying to stay away from him 'cause I knew he'd chuck me in, and I walked through a goose's nest, stomped right all over these eggs, and you
He reached out to run a hand over Steve's hair.  "...it's really good to have you back," he said softly.  "...I'm not gonna let you go again." He turned before Steve could answer and, as promised, returned a few moments later with a warm, wet towel.  Gently he wiped Steve's skin off, his face painted with a look of intense concentration.
Steve blinked. Where the hell was all this coming from?
Tony stopped pacing.  "I'm going to mate you now," he informed Steve.  "Kneel."
“Someone leaked this.  Someone told the press last night,” said Aria slowly.  “Steve being bonded before… that’s private.” She looked around suspiciously.
"Got arrested for breaking an Alpha's nose, didn't I?"
"Excuse me. You can't leave without your Alpha," the beta at the entrance told him.
"It is good to have you home, captain," the AI returned.
"...yeah, we can get up."
They began to whisper conspiratorially as Steve walked out of their little group and over to Tony. "Hey," he breathed. "How's it going? It's kind of like being back in high school over here..."
bonded to Gideon Malick. We have to find him, George.  This is-- this could be really bad," he breathed, voice grave. A few heads were turning in the office, especially after Tony and George's shouting. George nodded.
Tony wandered in wearing a silk dressing gown, holding a scotch.  He frowned a little at the baby and took a sip of his drink. "...so... what's she, ah, do?"
Happy seemed slightly mollified. He sighed. Steve could see a pink tinge in his cheeks.
DeSoto's head snapped back over.
"I'm ninety-two and look at me," Steve breathed, giving her a pointed look. "Nat, I
Steve woke up before he hit the water and sat up straight immediately. His vision span for a moment but then he rubbed a hand over his face and collected himself. Tony was knocked out in bed beside him. The clock on the bedside table read; 5:34 AM in a soft blue light.  He'd been asleep for over twenty hours.
"...Donner?"
They had an article out online by that afternoon.
Tony opened it and stared at Pepper.  He was wearing sweatpants, no shirt, and had a bottle of liquor in one hand.  "What?" he demanded.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, trying to focus on anything other than Steve, but it was impossible.
Donner let out a thin, weak cry.  "It
"So you and Nat can't have kids?"
He took a few deep breaths and then strutted out of his room and down the hall, taking the curving staircase slowly.  But the omegas were gone and the room smelled only like flowers.
Tony was nothing
"Jeff just had twins," said Phil.  “I’m sure once things have settled down a little for him, he’ll be more active in the movement.”
"I'll get him more grapes," said Tony quickly, darting into the kitchen.  There was the sound of a crash.
"Mmph," replied Tony, mouth full, waving Steve away dismissively.  He had said his part, let Steve know he was respected... he didn't want to go on and on about it.  Worse, now he felt guilty about his drinking.  Tony didn't consider himself an alcoholic, even though he did shake a little if he went too long without it.  But he was a functional drinker and functionality had always been Tony's top priority in accessing whether something was good or bad.
"Do you want me to fix it?" asked Dr. Liebmann into the phone.  He nodded while the person on the other line spoke.
"Oh, fun," said Pepper.  "Just
Tony let out a whine of frustration, nuzzling into Steve's chest.  "Nnn..."
Now that much was true.
But he was also, for the first time, consciously aware that he didn't actually want to kill Natasha and also that a HYDRA base was a terrible place to try and fuck Steve's brains out.
All the more reason to get the Mark VII in working order.
His smile faltered as JARVIS continued.  A lump filled his throat.  Change the world for good?  Him?
"Very good.  Now return to your mission."
Despite the fact it was only 8am, Steve's video had gone viral, and the news was making the event the headline of the day.  Outside, checking his phone, Steve found a lot of messages from Aria giving him updates on the news cycles. Phil had sent him a congratulations text, and Banksy had sent him a stream of emojis and exclamation marks.
"Why should I?" demanded Tony, hackles rising.
"...Alphas only," said Pepper apologetically.
"...part of the deal Ellis made with Yemen.  Stark gets one too."
"I think that counts as funny business," Steve mumbled, already half asleep himself. He was almost aroused by it, his body responding in turn but he didn't think he was quite ready for that yet. This...them cuddling. That was a big step for Steve in itself. The intimacy, the physical closeness, even the trust. If Tony carried on Steve probably wouldn't stop him, he wanted the Alpha to be happy. But he was tired and sleepy and when they did...
good at satisfying my needs!"
Tony peeked in; Steve whipped around almost guiltily.  Tony smiled. "Suit's going great. Haven't broken any more hands yet," said Tony cheerfully.  "Nothing makes a man feel alive like
Franaine tutted.  "AU Conference?" she guessed.
The funeral was, unsurprisingly, absolutely packed.  Boswell was being interred in the Hollywood Forever Cemetery.  Banksy looked like he had aged twenty years and lost twenty pounds in only four days; his hair hung limply.  No one had ever seen him in all black before.
"Just... just give me a minute.  I have a bunch of phone messages."
But truthfully, Tony wasn't much better.  Steve's pheromones played him like a fiddle and Tony doubted he'd be able to deny Steve any request.  Tony would have thrown himself over a cliff with barely a hint of hesitation if he thought it would help Steve get off and improve his chances of mating.  His body had decided self-preservation, dignity, and basic comfort were no longer concerns; they'd all been replaced, entirely, with satisfying Steve.
"That's
Steve sighed softly. "So," he kissed Tony's temple. "Good birthday?"
"Why don't we go sit in the living room, get comfortable. This might take a while," Maria suggested. She had a recording device and a tablet to presumably take notes on. It was slowly sinking in just how serious this all was.
"Okay, but seriously, if we can just... maybe get some lube or something...?" he ventured, pulling with a grunt of effort.  Hysteria was rising in him.  He had the bizarre though that he should call Pepper, who would know what to do; he found himself giggling nervously at the thought.  How the hell would he even explain?
"Not one with the kind of security we'd need to contain him," Natasha said simply.
Tony glanced over toward Steve.  Steve knew SHIELD better than he did, and with two members of the World Security Council seated at their table, Tony didn't want to start blathering about Steve's undercover missions.
"Everything's fine," Steve assured her, his eyes flicking over to Frond warily. Then he saw DeSoto with his black eye. Maybe Steve could teach him to fight during Tony's won 'night'. He looked like he needed it.
"Can I have more waffles?" asked Donner happily.  "I'm eating for two now."
"Let's just go back to the room... I'm okay with spending the rest of the day just watching TV and ignoring my e-mails," said Tony.  Steve already knew that when Tony said "watch TV," he meant "tinker." The television was nothing more than background noise while Tony took things apart or examined schematics.  When the television was on, it usually meant Tony was feeling moody; he was more inclined to use hand tools instead of power tools when the television was on.
Shit.  Yet another hiccup in his life.  He'd have to talk to... well, shoot, who did you go to for something like that?  Colonel Phillips, maybe?
"They were what? Monitoring me?" Steve echoed, frowning deeply. But Tony was already passing out in a lap. He let the information wash over him slowly and felt a sudden surge of anger. How dare they?! When Steve first woke up they kept him in isolation for two weeks, refused to answer his questions- and now this.
"Donner!  Donnie, wait!" cried Malick.
He wasn't angry, exactly.  He was too numb to feel anything, really.  Jarvis, though, had been inconsolable. Tony suspected that, if he didn't exist, Jarvis would have opted to stay at the grave for the rest of his life, like one of those oddly loyal dogs you sometimes read about online, sleeping pressed against the headstones of their masters.
"I wasn't asking you, Jarv.  Besides, I already know there's a few.  ...good use of analogy, though.  Alan Turing would love you."
Peggy pulled Steve into a fierce hug before she let him go. She gave him a good squeeze and then finally released him, raising a hand to cup his cheek tenderly before reluctantly pulling back. "I will always be grateful that our paths crossed again," she said in a murmur, a smile tugging at her lips. Then she looked between the two of them. "Now you two look after each other. It's a mean world out there."
...it cut to voicemail.
Tony climbed out of bed heavily and went to get a coffee with a few shots in it.
One of the nice things about having an omega much bigger than him was that, when they ended up on the floor, Steve could pretty easily muscle them into a more comfortable position, even if they were knotted.
Tony looked up, sharply.  His heart jumped into his throat.  For a split second, he wondered if he'd imagined it.
Bucky felt happy when Steve took his hand.  His fingers traced Bucky's palm and Bucky shot him a tiny smile.
He let out a shuddering breath. "Okay," Steve whispered. He rolled onto his front and then slid down between Tony's legs, taking his erection into his mouth. Steve sank all the way down to the hilt straight away before drawing back to tease at the head with his tongue. He was well practiced at this by now; he knew what made Tony squirm and what made him moan.
So every Saturday Steve would come home, tired and frustrated. Tony was never around for the main event so it didn't drive him crazy like before, but he could still smell Steve's post-heat when he returned home. All he had to do was walk into the house and soon he had his Alpha falling into bed with him. It was oddly sweet.
"Of course, sir.  I've taken the liberty of making some minor adjustments to the forearm plate locking system," said JARVIS; a menu with a record of the changes appeared.  Tony's eyes darted across the lines of code, nodding.
"I take comfort in knowing that she has gone to a better place, and that I can see her face every day shining out from my son's," said T'Chaka gravely.  T'Challa slouched a little, clearly disliking being compared to his mother. "My son does not understand yet the sanctity of a bond between Alpha and omega," he said, perhaps a little chiding.  T'Challa scowled.
"You got it," said Clint, grinning.  He looked up and caught Steve's eye. "...this is my son," he said.
He got up and went to the kitchen to grab some more OJ; the carton outside had been nearly empty and Tony wasn't done drinking yet.
right and made him tug on the alpha's hair a little. His eyes rolled back in his head in pleasure and then fluttered shut. "
He heard Fury sigh.
"Right, come on, let's go," Steve said and headed for the door. DeSoto looked back to the bedroom, still confused.
Tony leaned in and, with his free hand, put George's desk phone onto speaker.
Steve smirked when he met Sam's gaze.
Tony didn't move.  He had no intention of putting on a shirt; puberty was agreeing nicely with him and he looked pretty damn good, in his opinion.  Also, he refused to be ordered around by a drunk.
"I think my leg's broken," said Natasha.
"What's Heirloom?" asked Clint.
"Who is Karpov?" he demanded, deciding not to think about Bucky for now.  He was still avoiding looking at Steve.  His brain kept replaying that moment on the couch, the two of them necking, Steve purring, Bucky's lips on his neck... ugh.
"...let me bring you breakfast, okay?  You need to eat something.  You heard the doctor.  You're healthy, you're normal... everything's going to be fine."
Donner lapsed back into silence as the car pulled up to the front of the house.  The lights were all on and the orange warmth radiating from the smooth white lines of the house's facade was inviting.
," said Abby in a hushed voice.
say something?
The conversation, mercifully, didn't land on Tony again.  Of course, it did touch on Steve several times, but that was easier for Rhodey; he hadn't known Steve for twenty years.  At the end of their lunch, the purpose of it became obvious toward the end; Gene had paperwork. A nondisclosure agreement, an agreement to make a "donation" for "services rendered."  Rhodey read all of it, fascinated; the language was subtle, legal, careful not to ever explicitly state what was really happening. It was maddeningly delicate.
"We can slip it in after 84, maybe? It's gonna get pretty busy after this week," Steve breathed. "I'm filming the video tomorrow, right?  The one we're releasing the day of?"
Steve smiled and offered a hand to shake. Katy took it. "It's a pleasure to meet you too, Miss Perry. Are you opening the show?"
"Except it's illegal to have arranged bondings and it's illegal to sell people," said Tony, leaning his elbows on the counter and pouring himself a glass of orange juice.
Pepper hummed; neither she nor Aria had ever seen Donner but both Tony and Steve had explained to her Donner's appearance, how everyone thought it was "cute" that he was an omega Captain America.  Of course, now that Steve's real status was known, Donner was only a pale substitute. No doubt the Alphas interested in him were ones with a Captain America fetish, ones who enjoyed the sensation of bullying an "uppity" omega.  The tragedy was that Donner was anything but uppity. He was a gentle, compliant omega, one who'd been thoroughly indoctrinated to think his role was to be submissive and subservient. Tony didn't know the guy's history but he knew that Donner had been purchased at an auction at seventeen or eighteen by Malick, and he guessed that Donner was like George, that he had gone to an omega school where he was taught good housekeeping and that he had been bonded without any question as to whether or not it was normal.  Unlike George, Donner didn't seem like the type who would glorify in being let go by his Alpha.
Lydia laughed.  "Ask any omega here.  ...where's Kitty? KITTY!"  The omega with the ruby collar materialized again with another glass of scotch; Tony took it gratefully.  "Mr. Stark is concerned about the comfort of the collars."
Then she got out at the next floor. Steve let out a ragged breath.
He climbed out of the McLaren, which was getting more than a few loving glances from nearly every private who was passing by.  Steve got a couple of quick salutes, even though he wasn't in uniform.  Tony got a few nods.  Even though he wasn't a soldier, he was someone who was both immediately recognizable and revered.  After all, his name was still printed on most of the guns and missiles used by the military.
"What...what are we doing...?" Steve would have protested but lying down actually felt nice. It would be nice to sleep, he thought. He couldn't reasonably be expected to fight HYDRA when he was this tired.  Maybe a very short, tactical nap was in order.  He let his eyes slip shut. Steve hummed and squirmed a little, Bucky's fingers cold to the touch against his skin. He was limp and sleepy and actually very close to falling asleep like this. "Buck..." he whispered.
He lifted his head up to look over at Agent Hill whilst a nurse moved over to clean up his face and doctor McCloud maneuvered his left leg so she could start to put salve on the burn on his thigh. It was awkward, considering the burn went the whole way around, but Kate didn't seem phased in the slightest.
Tony flopped onto the pooldeck, his lower half still in the water.  He was panting softly, trying to staunch a nosebleed; on the other side of the pooldeck, some of Pitbull's entourage was trying to help him staunch an identical one.
Tony sulked as Steve dipped back under the water, not letting go of the neck of the bottle.  He took another long drink, appreciating the burn in his chest and the tingle in his limbs.
"Any information at all, Tony, anything could be useful... come on... what does he feel?  That's the easiest part, emotions. What's Steve feeling?" prompted Natasha softly.
"Get us reservations at the Bonaventure Lounge," said Tony.  "We'll have coffee, it's a nice view... classy but casual... Steve, it's great, you'll love it, it's this revolving cocktail lounge downtown."
. I'm scared. And I think he is too."
He was in his lab, tapping a pen against the desk.  The reactor was glowing through his shirt, an old tank-top he didn't mind getting stained, because lately, the socket had been leaking a foul-smelling discharge.  Something was wrong, terrible wrong, with the core.
He still didn't know what he was going to sing.
He remembered the idea coming to him after Yemen. The fact that they were finally achieving it... it felt like a significant, perhaps even final, step in his recovery.
The two sergeants both dove into the fray to try to separate them.
," Steve said softly, headily, not even entirely sure what he meant by that in itself. But it was easier to say it like this.
"I'm a bad person," he said, abruptly, and then started crying. It was a silent sort of crying that made Steve's shoulders shake. He wanted to be small. He wanted to be able to curl under the sheets and hide. But he was big and he was bulky and there was no fucking hiding for Steve. He was stuck here.  He couldn't go back; the serum was permanent.
"You're my omega, and I love you," concluded Tony, kissing Steve on the temple.
"Look, kid, I'm sorry, okay?  Seriously. I really am. But that was a lifetime ago.  And I can't change what already happened. People die, it's sad, you get over it."
Vanko.
Still--
, thought Tony, annoyed.  The whole scent-mate thing struck him as the omega's fault.  After all, it was Steve's heat that had triggered it in the first place.
Jesus Christ, no wonder they'd hidden that Captain America was an omega back in the forties.  In heat, Steve seemed downright helpless, almost infantile.
"All you've done is get me into trouble since the day I met you," Donner sniffed loudly. "You're the one ruining my life. Not Gideon.  If they'd never unfrozen you, he wouldn't have given me up in the first place."
They discharged Steve the next day, after only a few days. Brennan figured being in a SHIELD facility wasn't any good for his mental health and Gleason had confirmed that his neck was no longer infected; it was healing well thanks to the serum. So he could go home.
His stomach squirmed a little.  He'd only met Stark once or twice, but had seen him a couple more times than that.  He was overly-friendly, overly-confident, and one of the most dominant Alphas he'd ever encountered.  Of
Tony gave Steve's lower lip an affectionate nip in reply before pulling away from him and settling down once again at his work bench.
Steve reached out to run his fingers through Tony's hair again, trying and failing to smooth it down. Because he'd slept on it wet his bed hair had  gone pretty wild. The sight was cute. He was almost tempted to snap a picture but he wasn't sure his Alpha would appreciate it.
Steve wandered to bed like a zombie, threw his jacket on the floor, and passed out before hitting the pillow  Tony wondered if he should take off Steve's clothes, like how Pepper would have done for him, but he didn't want to risk waking Steve up, so instead, he took off his own clothes and crawled into bed, pulling Steve's arm around him, cuddling up to his fully clothed body.  He was unsettled and despite how tired he was, he found himself lying awake, listening to Steve breathing.  He hated the idea of everyone in SHIELD seeing what Steve had.  The childhood he'd tried to forget, the torture in the cave, the humiliation... at least he could say, though, that he hadn't let them win.  At least he had that.
His brow furrowed; a lump formed in his throat.
A few of the older omegas, like Jessica, sent Steve and Tony thank yous. Jessica sent it in the form of a bunch of flowers, all deep purples and blues. Other omegas from all over the states sent them cards and wrote letters that made Steve cry.
He went about taking all the pills. It took him a while.
, fuck, sorry, ow- sorry- oh, God, you broke my dick- no, it's fine--"  Tony wiggled a little, accessing their situation, then wrapped his arms around Steve and rolled over so Steve was on top of him.
. Fill me up. Make--" He gasped as Tony hit his prostate just right. "Make me yours."
Ellis beckoned a woman over. She had blonde short hair, green eyes and a green dress to match. She looked absolutely terrific. She was an omega and smiled sweetly as she offered her hand.
"Tony, are you in here? Who's this? Oh my God, is that puke on the floor?" Steve immediately felt awful and realised why he thought he'd been sick back by the trees. "Jed, could you...?"
Justin's fake smile fell as Steve approached him and he looked irritated to admit he wasn't in charge..  "I
The edge of Ty's lips twitched. "I see why they say you were good at speeches, Captain."
"You leaving them here?" the beta in the 'gateway' asked.
wanted to be a father?" interjected Clint suddenly.
And then DeSoto's Alpha was beside them, grinning like a wolf and Steve wanted to punch him. Then he wanted to haul him up by his neck and demand where Charles was and promise him the sickening and slow death he deserved.
Another problem with honeymooning: Tony had found that the faintest whiff of Steve' arousal was enough to stall his thought process completely.  At that moment, if anyone had asked him about the tesseract or the mysterious Project Thor or even who the head of SHIELD was, Tony wouldn't have had any clue what they were talking about.  He stroked Steve's slick entrance, growling encouragingly against his lips.  He was completely unaware of the towel still draped over him.  A bucket of water tossed over him probably wouldn't have merited so much as a shake of the head.  Seeing Steve climb out of the pool and strut over with such a ridiculously confident yet understated presence... right when Tony thought he had control of his instincts again, they reared up and slapped him in the face.
Tony dropped down and sped toward the main stage.  It had once been covered by a glass dome so that presentations could be given even in inclement weather, but the glass had long since been broken through by the drones.
A woman.  Brown eyes, staring into his, popping as her life left her.  This was the woman who had taught him to ride a horse; this was the woman who had read him Peter Pan; this was the woman who played the first eight notes of "Ode to Joy" every time she passed the piano in the living room; this was the woman who carried him to bed when he fell asleep in the garage.
"He's modeled after the help, when I was a kid... his name is a backronym.  Edwin Jarvis was the butler.  JARVIS isn't a replacement for Jarvis, he's just a rather very intelligent system."  He paused, waiting for them to get it.
Steve took Tony's offered hand instinctively and rose with a slight wobble. His vision span for a view moments and he rubbed at his eyes, Tony's hand and voice soothing as he gained his bearings back. Ugh, he felt sick too. Wonderful.
.  That's why you've done it."  Tony sipped his drink again, letting a peaceful silence fall between them.  Then he said, quietly, "Not everyone wants you to be that type of omega. I don't, for one.  I told you when I first met you, I like 'em uppity. Remember? ...you're not a quitter, Steve.  That's who you are. Being an omega, or an Alpha, those things don't really define us. We define ourselves, yeah?  I'm not a strong Alpha and I never will be. But I'm something better than that. I'm a billionaire playboy genius philanthropist super-hero.  People who care about status... those people live sad lives. They have nothing else to be proud of. But you're not just an omega. You're a golden-hearted patriot veteran soldier with enough morals to shame the Pope.  You're not a good omega. You're a good
"I'm fine. Happy, can you get us to the hospital?"
"Isn't Mr. Stark bothered by your neck?
Tony."
Not that Tony Stark cuddled.  He was not a cuddler.
Sitwell turned down the radio for a moment and everyone cocked an ear.  Upstairs, it was quiet.
But the way Justin was eyeing him made Tony want to get into a down-and-out brawl with the other man.  And Christine was watching the whole thing.
Without thinking, Tony was crawling on top of Steve, laying down on top of him, shielding him with his body.
with you people! JARVIS. Hang up!"
"I'm not hiding."
"...doesn't get out of jail until next year and, you know, I-- I don't know," said George, still slightly red.  "That's not important."
. Time came to a grinding halt and the Earth was suddenly no longer spinning on its axis.
"If you could go anywhere in the world..." prompted Clint.
"It's math."
Tony batted the hand away weakly.  "Tell Lockheed I'll do the presentation tomorrow," he mumbled.
in Malibu, but here in a billionaire's bed, with said billionaire on top of him.  Bonded to said billionaire, naked except for the ankle monitor on his leg.
"Yeah, super swell," agreed Tony blearily, not sure what he was agreeing to.  He would have agreed to anything Steve wanted him to after running his hand through his hair.  He stifled a yawn and finally opened his eyes.
"How--" began Tony, but Jameson cut him off, yelling.
"I'm not leaving my nest," called Phil petulantly.
he thought.  A sudden lump formed in his throat.  He didn't want to die.
"We should frame it," said Tony, looking down at the negative test.  "...I should get snipped again, just to be sure, Nat's right... don't you
"Do I have to sign anything?" asked Tony.
of dirt on them.  They had a whole presentation about all the
They carried on like normal and everything was oddly...perfect.
"I'm never going to get used to these rich people parties," he muttered.
Tony froze.
His eyes narrowed a little at Bucky's almost child-like demeanor. "You know what they're going to make you do to me, don't you?"
Tony leaned forward and ran his thumbs under Steve's eyes, which were watery, and then leaned back, as if embarrassed to have been caught being soft, and instead pulled his tie off and began to unbutton his shirt.
"Overall, no one's pegging this on either of you.  There's a lot of damning evidence against Hammer and everyone knows Vanko was out to get you.  SHIELD took over the investigation on your behalf," said Natasha.
A drunk girl in a short pink dress flopped onto the ruined couch next to Steve, hiccuping, her mascara smeared under her eyes.  "This is
Tony had even cut down on the drinking.  At least a little.  He was still downing two bottles a night, but it was red wine now instead of hard liquor.
"...there you go... I think we're gonna have to burn the sheets... it's fine, they're only worth twelve thousand... I'm kidding, Steve, we'll have them washed... roll over so I can pull 'em off, I'll get a blanket from the closet.... I'll try not to jizz all over it this time..."
"We have to go back down.  It's our party," said Tony after a few moments.  "...and Taylor Swift is there. You guys can do
"I know." She straightened up a little. "Now come on, you two get your asses in there. You both need to rest."
He sipped on his coffee again, wishing he and Steve could hang out all morning.  But Steve had somewhere to be.  Where was "somewhere?"
"No, Tony."
"...we will need you to sign documents stating that you understand and will adhere to these compromises," said Hawley, sliding a large folder over to Steve and Tony.
"Not that we need you.  He got started on his own.  Watch the footage, it's very interesting."
Tony nodded wearily.  He was still prickling with anxiety and was unusually quiet on the ride home.
Steve didn't protest. The cabin crew at least had the decency to make themselves scarce at Tony's blatant display of affection, and protection too. Steve placed a hand on Tony's chest and felt his Alpha's heart beating at a pace to match his own- had Tony had a freak out, too, or did Steve really just have that much affect on him?
He waited until Steve had left and been gone for five minutes before getting out of bed.  It felt good to stretch out his limbs.  In his boxer-briefs, he began an exploration of Steve's apartment.  He checked for bugs first; he didn't trust SHIELD not to watch Steve.  After all, they had sent Steve to spy on Tony, and Tony wasn't even yet a member.  But his search came up empty.  No bugs.
.  Not omega-y, no.  But not Alpha-like, either.  It was something else entirely.  Burnt rubber. Tony rubbed the back of his neck vigorously, making sure his hackles were down, before walking toward the pool area to find them.
.  That was the guy who had ruined his mark.  That was the guy who had fucked up Steve's neck, made it look wrong.  Bucky was bristling a little just from thinking about him; he knew where Wanda and Pietro were coming from and he whole-heartedly supported their campaign to end the Starks.
"The heat's over. I'm as safe as can be," Steve said calmly. "If I'm going to be any use to SHIELD, you're going to have to trust me."
For a moment his senses went reeling.  Steve smelled so familiar and comforting and warm; Steve's scent, in Tony's mind, was the scent of home.  But it was mixed with Ty's scent, which was still so
He woke around six in the morning feeling more awake than he had in over a week. Tony was asleep on the chair (he probably didn't want to join Steve again without permission). The room was almost silent. Steve could hear the distant buzz of traffic outside and smiled to himself before letting out a yawn. His neck
thing.  Ugh.
"Dad and the Howling Commandos," said Tony with a small smile.  "Look at you guys... all dressed up and ready to save the world."
"Hey, Doc." Mac caught his attention. "If an omega on preheat is given sedatives... let's say, enough to knock them out, will that affect when their heat comes on?"
Steve's grip tightened on Tony's hand and he winced a little.  Tony glanced over. Steve's jaw was fixed in a firm line. Something was wrong but Tony wasn't sure what.
Steve pressed his lips together in a thin line. He was obviously frowning, not impressed by what he heard. The psychologist wasn't an omega- no way. "Anyone can be tortured," he pointed out. "Does it really matter how?"
The hand on his mate's arm was a tender, but steadying touch. "Maybe you should slow down. He'll have water," he told the barman, who looked incredibly grateful at Steve's taking over.
"JARVIS!" yelled Tony, nearly tripping over himself to get Steve all the things he'd requested.  "Play some Einaudi!"
He caught Steve's mouth in his again, working their jaws together, still slowly rocking into Steve, feeling the omega's body wet him.  He could heard someone making muffled groans and whimpers and it took him a moment to realize it was him.
Steve nodded in agreement.  There was a natural lull in the conversation.  " So... out of curiosity, are most of your fans Alphas? Or this just a coincidence?"
"I-- I had a dream that I-- I was in a restaurant, maybe, or a bar--"  His voice was unsure.  He didn't remember it well.  He didn't remember anything well.  "--his name is Captain Rogers.  He-- he asked if I was angry at him and then he said-- he said that I'd been different since I came back, and he couldn't feel me anymore, but that was what I wanted."
understand English.
Pepper sighed heartily; she had tried to help show Tony how to work the coffee machine earlier but Tony had dismissed her with the statement, "Oh,
"Yeah but you didn't just... wear them around.  I mean, maybe if you had a day off and you were walking around on the base.  ...we called them waist overalls."
Tony looked at Pepper blankly.
"It was excellent, sir."
"Worked like a charm," said Tony, grabbing another drink.  If he didn't keep drinking, keep himself numb, his dander would be up in a second.  "Actually, I had a few chats with Maggie Frond, like you suggested, and she really helped open my eyes."
"Can it, Jarv.  You can't get a DUI in a flying robot suit."
"Great.  Perfect," said Tony, who was pacing a little.  Steve's furious misery was palpable and Tony wanted to cry, not because he really wanted to cry, but because his mate was probably outside crying.  "Should I go after him? When he said he needed a minute, did that include me?"
.  For one thing, it was locked and there was no chance of bumping into household staff there, unlike the rest of the mansion.  For another, he'd decorated it mostly by himself. Whereas the rest of the house was all minimalist design and modern art, the garage boasted a bunch of pop art posters and a neon beer sign and all the trappings of a place that was truly lived in and personalized.  Tony flicked on a Van Halen song and sat down in the middle of the floor, among the scattered notes on the floor, and picked up a few pieces of loose paper, examining them.  Notes on nitramene.  A faded photo fell out.  Four people standing on a pier, a lighthouse in the background.  Cape Cod?  Tony's father and mother were smiling at the camera; Ana and Jarvis were there, too.  Tony's mother was noticeably pregnant.  Tony examined it for a moment.  His father and Jarvis were shoulder to shoulder, but Tony's father's arm was around his mother.
Pepper looked sorry for bringing it up.  "...so... where do you want to meet?" she said to Steve after a moment, trying to steer the conversation back to business.  "Malick's going to be in town by five so I was thinking six-thirty for dinner reservations."
CW for PTSD flashbacks and a very violent death.
Tony's eyes snapped open.  He was covered in a cold sweat and everything was dark, silent, heavy...
Downstairs, Tony was singing along to his music as he put the finishing touches on one of the gauntlets.
"He broke our bond," said Donner, sounding surprisingly calm.  It was perhaps the first time he'd said it without tearing up.
When Tony asked him to kneel Steve's breath hitched a little. He nodded and moved over to the bedside. Before he moved onto the mattress Steve hung up his coat and toed off his shoes and socks.
Tony gave a small nod.  "Yeah. I get it. Steve's our top priority."  He pushed his head into his helmet, then added, "Of course he's my top priority... he's my omega."
"Threesomes sound stressful," Steve added. "Someone will always get left out. And that's always
Steve let Tony observe for a bit but he really didn't want blood on his carpet-- maybe he was more than a little house proud. Steve had come from a meager background with shared tenements and cramped rooms with mold growing in every corner and a persistent chill in the air because they couldn't afford to ever heat it.  So, yes, Steve was proud of his apartment. And he was quite happy to let Tony search around it for details of his life. No more lies. Steve wanted Tony to get to know him, in fact.
It was.  They were in the Hollywood foothills and to the south, the city sparkled in the night.
But then, he did kill him straight after.
That had to be the biggest culture shock for Steve- the casual attitude everyone now had toward omegas, the recognition that their humanity was just as valid as that of betas and Alphas.  Sure, there were prejudices- plenty of them.  But at least, legally, they were almost equals.
"I know I left. I know I did! But I came back. I was upset.  Please. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I didn't do it to hurt you. I did it to-- to just stop Bucky from getting hurt anymore.  I don't know.  I just don't want anyone to be hurt.  Except maybe myself.  Maybe I did it to hurt myself," Steve said and then pressed his lips together, not really knowing what that meant. He stared down at his hands in his lap, not knowing what to say.
She looked over at Tony as Steve and Aria disappeared up the stairs.
Tony let out a noise (it wasn't a word, wasn't anything but a sound of agreement) and reached between them to wrap his hand around Steve's cock.  It was awkward, trying to jack him off, the two of them still stuck together, but Tony found it, found Steve's shaft and began stroking, working the foreskin back and forth over the head, rolling his thumb over the head.  Steve was smooth and wet with precum and Tony's spit and his cock worked easily in Tony's hand; Steve was bucking under him, fucking his hand, Tony's own dick still buried in him, and both of them were making inhuman sounds of enjoyment.
"They're videoing this. I don't want them to video this. And I don't want to be in a cage," Steve managed to get out, shaking his head subtly. But he still didn't lean away from his touch. He literally couldn't.  "Fuck HYDRA.  We-- we will
Tony huffed a little after Steve lay down.  He knew Steve was trying to reconcile what had happened.  "No. It's okay, Steve. Forget it. You have every right not to like collars.  I wouldn't ever make you wear one. Now, good night." The wine was doing its thing and Tony felt pleasantly buzzed.
All eyes turned, and they were no longer shocked and concerned, but angry.  Furious.
"I told you, I can't."  Rhodes looked exasperated.  "Tony, I don't know if you've noticed lately, but the way you're acting... hell, it's enough to have a normal person committed.  I think you need to take things easy for a while.  Not think about the suits or anything, just... be with Steve, be with your omega, take some personal time."
if you do this," she warned them, her eyes on Steve.
Only the omega, who had hopped up onto the lab counter and was now sitting there swinging his legs, seemed not to mind her at all.  He was wearing track pants and a long-sleeved shirt and chewing gum. He also seemed surprisingly bored and relaxed. And he was young, too.  He didn't know who these people were or why everyone was putting up with their disrespectful, childish attitudes.
Tony had dropped it.  The idea of Jarvis and his father being pair-bonded disgusted him.  As far as he was concerned, Jarvis was just the help, a loyal butler who occasionally had to take a few personal days to cope with his heats.  He didn't like thinking of him as an omega or considering that his fidelity had anything to do with some other relationship with Howard.
Tony tried to change the topic again.  "...will they serve Piper alcohol? She seems... you know... young," said Tony.
Tony took the coffee gratefully and sipped it with slow, deliberate motions.  He checked his watch, then straightened his tie. “I’ll get there when I get there. I hate rushing through a cup of coffee,” said Tony, taking another slow sip.  “Hey, this is perfect.  Thanks, Sparky.  ...do you like Sparky or Fido better?  You know what, it doesn’t matter, you’re really more of a Sparky.  Fido is Latin for loyal, you know.  I took Latin back in prep school.  Didn’t really retain much, though.  Didn’t see the use in learning a dead language, you know?”  He took another tiny, delicate sip of the coffee, eyeballing an executive walking past in a pencil skirt and heels.  She caught his eye.  He smiled.  She smiled.  He winked.  Suddenly, the meeting seemed completely unimportant.
Lila turned to Steve.  "Stebe! Swing me!"
"...you know... equality... fuck, man, I don't know," said Tony, who had managed to get the bartender to leave the bottle of whiskey and was drinking from it like a man dying from thirst.
"It's already been more than twelve hours, Donner.  Can't you hurry up? My mate needs to get to bed," groused Tony, who hadn't left Steve even to use the bathroom.
He wasn't 'fine;' he was rock hard.
almost getting killed.
He cut in front of a car.
"T-Tony...you go after him."
leave his sketchbook just--"
It was as real as if it had really happened, the image of his mother being strangled.
"You need anything else?"
Tony's brain reminded him, vividly, of watching Vanko throw Steve's body against the wall.  It was like Tony himself had been impacted; he'd sworn his heart had stopped for a split-second.  Seeing Steve's mortality so up close and personal scared the hell out of him.  Steve looked so young and healthy and fit; even imagining him hurt or sick was paralyzing.
we bonded."  He ran his fingers over Steve's lips.  "How do you think Natasha keeps from going crazy, with her omega running around getting shot at all the time?" he wondered.  He rolled onto his back, pulling Steve onto his chest.  He stared at the ceiling.  "Yoga?  Valium?  Big bag of weed?  I can't see her hitting a bong but, seriously, how does any Alpha stand this?"
One of the men groaned.  "Now he's
Tony shoved his leg out petulantly.
when you have such tiny hands!?"
Brooke smiled, her attention back on Steve.  "I'm a model," she said. "But I'm also an activist.  If I weren't an Alpha, I'd join Status Alliance in a heartbeat.  ...want to get some air?" She slid a hand over Steve's hand; her skin was soft and creamy and warm and her nails were as red as her dress and hair and lips.
"I don't know how to drive," said Donner, sounding alarmed.
"Let him go."
He pressed himself between her thighs, hands running over her wrists, and leaned forward to bite her neck.  She was a beta; there was no reason to bite her neck but Tony went for it instinctively.
Tony, I mean, God--"
"You don't always choose," said Natasha suddenly.  "Sometimes you click with someone.  On a primal level.  Even if they're a showboating jerk."
Steve opted to ignore his question.  "Sam and Tony go in through the roof. We go in through the back; they have a passage for
Donner felt a hot prickling in his eyes.  No, he wasn't bonded now. Gideon had given him up.  He still had Gideon's mark on his neck but it meant nothing; he was alone, couldn't feel his Alpha, couldn't feel Giddy, who he'd grown used to feeling during the day.  It was a useful thing, a bond, because he knew when Giddy had a bad day and needed him to be extra-good, to make his favorite meal or rub his shoulders. And he knew when Giddy was in a good mood and Donner could ask favors or deliver bad news.  He was tuned to his Alpha's needs and his life revolved around making their home a haven. He wondered how Gideon was doing without him and his heart ached. He missed Giddy.
"I don't--"
Tony cringed.  "Sorry, kiddo. Someday you'll thank us."
He knew something was wrong but that it had gotten better once they were in the park. Steve glanced sideways over at Tony, an odd sensation tugging uncomfortably in his gut that wasn't his own. Steve stopped, turning around to face Tony properly. He reached out to beaten the lapels of his jacket.
Palladium-core RT nodes; Vanko's designs.  The phone call.  The fortune cookie.
The amount of people at the meeting made Steve frown. "Why do we need so many people just to take off some ankle bracelets?"
Gently, he pushed a couple of fingers into Steve.  Steve was slippery with arousal and they went in easily; Steve let out a choking moan above him.
my fault that that man hates me.  He's got a sick obsession with me."
"This talk doesn't seem that bad," Steve agreed with Tony. "It's just about getting pregnant." And that concept alone was hardly oppressive. A lot of couples wanted little ones running around; there was nothing wrong with that. Besides, Richard and Rex seemed to be getting along well, and Steve couldn't help but find it all quite funny.
Karpov didn't hit him.  He brushed the hair away from his face instead.  He felt affection for his handler.  Karpov, he knew, was proud of him; he'd often heard him stand up for him before, when others doubted him.
"I hope we make a lot at the auction," Steve said softly. They would need everything they could get for Project 84. Maybe Steve
omega," said Sam soothingly.
He wanted a quick reassurance so that he could compartmentalize the look on Steve's face when Steve had said he had no mercy.  He was already forcing himself to forget about Lab 9. He was trusting Steve would do the same and they could just fuck instead of talking about it.  There was no room for Bucky in their lives, but the way Steve sometimes talked about him made Tony's skin crawl.
Steve dropped it.  Tony was clearly not in a mood to talk seriously about it.  Steve nudged his nose against the other's. "You want coffee?"
Pietro sighed, trying not to look irritated.  Bucky was obsessed with the idea of Cleveland, even though it had been explained to him, over and over, that Karpov was not there.
"God, you're a dork," said Tony after a moment, watching Steve look shy.  "...I liked
"Mr. Malick, I'll show you out," Sharon said, stepping forward.
to get up onto the roof.
"My pleasure.  I know what it feels like when you find the one."
Pepper looked up to give Steve a strained smile.
He wasn't sure when his breathing steadied or when he finally dropped off to sleep; he woke as they were landing, his body drenched in sweat, his muscles sore from being clenched.  He felt like he'd aged years; he probably looked like hell, but in a way, he felt that was better, because when he saw Pepper, she would see and understand why he had needed to see her.
"Benny is your mate?"
"This place is so grim," said Tony.  "I'm turning on my music now."
"I'll need a credit card."
"Those...blueprints you sent us Steve. They were...interesting."
"Steve," he mumbled hoarsely, squirming weakly.  Steve bucked under him, seeking more, Tony buried his length into him.  "Steve... gotta take more pills... here..." He shoved them toward Steve.  White pills... had it been twelve hours? Tony had lost all sense of time.  He'd been reduced to a sort of automaton and all he could really think about was mating Steve.  He hadn't unsheathed his cock since they'd begun. His knot was throbbing in a not-pleasant way.  For the first time, Tony was aware that Steve was, at least physiologically, twenty years younger than him.
"I'll wear it," offered Tony, watching Banksy eagerly.
"We'll have to come back for him," Natasha said. Steve's head lolled against his chest. He was a dead weight.
He wondered how he'd react if Bucky finally asked why Steve was mad at him. Maybe he'd snap. Maybe he'd shrug it off. Steve had been mad at him for years; he doubted if Bucky even knew what he was like when he
an apology?
They were fighting. A whole lot of them, including some omegas.  He could see Tony having it out with the dog guy in the center and they looked like they could seriously hurt each other. Their hackles were up and teeth were being bared.  Steve sighed loudly. Let Tony get beaten up, or damage his bravado by intervening...?
"Are Louis and the others going to be okay?" asked Pepper in alarm.
"Four hours.  Try to get some sleep," she replied back.  "After you go feral, you always get a massive headache."
He flopped back onto the pillows.
"Steve.  I'm real proud of that interview you gave," said Tony quietly.  "I'm all about rattling some cages and... you know.  Sometimes people need a reminder that things could still be better for omegas.  I never thought about it much but, y'know.  I'm glad.  Glad you're back, Cap.  Glad you're putting everyone in their place again, straightening out the record about what omegas can accomplish."  Tony gave him a gentle squeeze.  "I wish I'd treated Jarvis better," he admitted softly.
enough
Tony had grown up in Long Island, not Brooklyn, but he recognized the accent in an instant.
"Shouldn't last more than an hour," said Happy as they turned into the parking garage.  It was a reassurance; Tony couldn't help but feel that the building and its surroundings were ominous, and he could feel Steve's unease in his own stomach.
hadn't draped yourself all over other women," Steve said.
Tony practically purred, rolling around and squirming happily as Steve tried to run a towel over him.
With that thought, he pushed himself into Steve.  Steve was wet, so wet he was practically dripping, his body desperate to be mated.  There was the usual resistance at the knot; Tony growled and pushed himself into Steve insistently, shuddering when he felt Steve's entrance give and swallow his length.  He closed his eyes, purring and growling nonsense sounds into Steve's neck, noises of affection, his hips rocking into Steve, Steve's wrists warm in his hands.
leaves him, he's done. Sure, everyone's for equality with his face on it. But they won't like him when he's just a reject. Even if Tony just cheats on him, but doesn't leave him, Steve is
For now, that was enough.  He settled down with Wanda to watch the television, fishing ice from the bucket with his left hand.
Tony didn't believe in nature.  That was stupid.  He was sure he could control himself; he was a logical person.
"It's not your fault he's insecure about your bond," Natasha said calmly. "That's perfectly normal. But maybe you should have mentioned the Bucky stuff."
When Pepper showed up suddenly, Tony could have kissed her.
"If Steve asked you to jump off a bridge, would you?"
The reporters and fans dogged them.
retreat, did-- did they just say Coulson is dead?"
If those omegas were going to be in the omega-only area, Steve would have access, at least.  That was good.  Idly, Tony wondered how he was getting along...
Almost immediately Maria jumped in. "
Hearing him finally acknowledge her as a person mellowed her out a little.  Some of the tension went out of her shoulders, but she didn't move from her position.
"I am, yes, but I'm not into little boys," said Tony.  "Groin hernia. Yes or no?"
Tony was realizing something.  The power dynamic was not as one-sided as he'd always assumed.  Yes, he was the Alpha, he was in charge.  But when Steve asked something of him, the crushing desire not to disappoint, to give his omega everything... it was powerful.  Tony was as much at Steve's mercy as Steve was at his.
"You're not a very good Alpha, even if you are very dominant," he shot back before he let Tony pull him away. Frond laughed, like she was genuinely amused. Steve might have just given her a compliment. But he would rather that than let the woman think he would just stand there and take her shit. His neck still tingled awkwardly and left him feeling strangely guilty. Steve swallowed, only dully aware of his surroundings until Tony pulled them into the first lift they found.  Neither one needed to consult the other; they both knew they were done with workshops for the day.
"I'd never actually cycled in the 21st century until about a week ago," Steve filled coolly as they stepped out of the lift. It was strange, when the doctors had told him he wouldn't at all. It was suspicious. Maybe it was because he'd been spending 24/7 around an Alpha. But then Natasha should have triggered it way sooner than that even then. So if Tony thought about it, then he would have realised that Steve's body was reacting directly in response to
Tony reached for Steve's hand, found it, and threaded their hands together.
"Come on, Clint.  Down. We've got to go," insisted Natasha, holding out her arms.  "We'll grab a bag of ice on the way. Come on."
"We can't tell, by looking at a bonding mark, if your mate is alive or not.  But since he showed up in your simulation... yes, it's possible he is."
"Fuck the Horseshoe Society!"
Tony had never been denied money before.  His mind was speeding through ideas.  Could he buy omegas on a credit card?  Write a check?  Surely just being Tony Stark meant he didn't need to have the cash in hand right away... right?
Tony tore out of the shower before Steve could stop him and flung himself into the bed, still soaking wet.
Kitchen seemed to be the closest semi-private option short of removing Phil, who was clearly one of those nesters who got territorial.  Anyway, that was fine, Tony liked the idea of fucking Steve over the countertop. Mostly he just wanted to get it done with. Steve's heat had reduced sex to a chore, an exercise.  There was little foreplay or affection, something Tony had grown used to over the last seven months.
But Fury was already striding to the door.  "Let me know when you wanna start fixing this.  Your mess, your clean-up," called Fury over his shoulder.  He closed the door a little harder than was necessary.
worried about you, but I saw that and I said to Bozzy, I
Tony obediently moved over.
"The bald man... he's very angry."
Rex hesitated and then fished his phone out of his pocket.
"...how's Tony holding up?" added Natasha quietly.  There was no maliciousness in her voice. Perhaps seeing how Tony had reacted when he thought that Steve was dead had made her realize that, despite all his selfishness, Tony truly did love Steve, as best he could.  Tony was emotionally stunted, yes, but he still clearly cared about Steve.
"So aside from the drug trip, the rest of it is just standard psych stuff, right?" called Tony, trying to sound casual.  "Ink blots, word association?  Do they ask about your dreams?  Did you say,
A tiny hush fell over the crowd, and a few omegas from the regular group edged over to listen in.
Lila copied the sign, which was awkward, as she was still holding the dinosaur, then tapped he thumb against her head.  Clint smiled and stuck out his thumb, index finger, and pinkie in the symbol that looked vaguely like a "rock on" gesture.  Lila giggled and copied it.
Steve turned to face Tony. He didn't want to face the room. He had spotted Malick and his companion who looked like Steve; they were moving over towards the bar and in the process would go past them.
In all his museum displays (the half dozen that Steve had read) they'd said he was a good motivator, a charming speaker. Maybe it was about time he lived up to that.
Fury turned away.
Steve still had that
They moved into the lift and it was suitably awkward. Steve broke the quiet after a minute. "Shall I arrange for some rooms to be set up?" He asked. Technically, he was fired but he was still more than capable of doing PA work.
With a gentle hand on Tony's shoulder he lead the engineer to sit down on the couch. "Give me your hand," Steve said, tone fond as he sat next to him. He pulled out some antiseptic wipes. "This will hurt," he warned him and then he began to clean away the blood.
Tony was starting to doubt his status as the world's third-smartest man.  "Just... checking."
He felt the energy leak out of him, like water out of a hole punched in a bag, and he slithered down onto the floor, empty.  For a split second he had felt good, felt whole. Felt... something. Anything. Now it was gone and he was here without any orders whatsoever, no idea of where to go or who to obey.
Bucky turned.  "...Steve needs me.  I need to protect him.  He's my omega," he said.
Steve stared at the bracelet and smiled before pulling her into a hug. He squeezed a little too tight and Natasha grunted. "It's really good to see you," he whispered.
"You just don't want me to be happy, do you?" Steve seethed and Fury had the audacity to roll his eyes.
Tony choked on his coffee and looked up, sputtering.  Jarvis was wiping down the counter with a look of serenity.
"I dunno," said DeSoto meekly.  "Ron doesn't go to those. They're not common, most omegas here are good, we love our Alphas."
"Hey there.  How did you get out by yourself?  Oh, this is Jorge."
"Oh don't worry." Natasha sounded amused all of a sudden. "They think they can separate us. They can't. It's cute, really, how
He probably hadn't.
"You want me to... model?" Steve asked, raising a brow.
... I wouldn't want to be watching
Steve signed, still tense, expression still stormy.
that."
"...oh, no," said Tony.  Someone had swung by to drop off all the cards that were pouring into Stark Industries; the barrage of fanmail had begun.  Tony was going to have to hire someone to respond to it all.  He sure as hell had no intention of going through it; while he was glad people seemed to generally approve of he and Steve, he didn't have the time or patience to correspond with non-famous people.  "This is how it starts... when I came back from Afghanistan and when I announced I was Iron Man, it was the same thing.  People send the stupidest crap- you have no idea, Steve... I bet about half of us is addressed to you, too..."  He groaned.
Donner didn't want to say.  He chewed his lip, then mumbled it.
He curled up in on himself, waiting for his heart to slow the fuck down.  He'd kept himself in control for Steve's dinner and for the ride home but now, he couldn't hold it back any longer.  He needed to let it out or he'd really lose it.  He was shaking violently, gasping fast and shallow, his world reduced to a tiny little pinpoint of himself and his pain.  The first time he'd had one, he'd thought he was dying.  A heart attack, maybe.  But no.  Just a panic attack.  Quite common for people with PTSD, the doctors had informed him.  Tony had scoffed and told them he didn't have PTSD, and never mentioned it again, although he had one or two a month.  But only Pepper and Happy knew about those, and maybe Rhodey.  Tony didn't feel like it was that big of a deal, really.  Plenty of people probably got kidnapped and tortured for three months and then had a couple of little panic spells a month.  Besides, he'd earned this one.  It was warranted, after he'd nearly lost his goddamn mate.
"I don't know how doctors worked in the forties, but you usually leave that to
was that so stressful?"
A lot of people were staring at them. Like a lot. Steve should have probably thought about this. They'd have to get the hotel to mail them their clothes or something...because there was no way they were going to be able to leave this place like normal people. And Steve was about to point out that Gideon invited them so really, they weren't to blame here, but then--
"Juuust five more minutes," Steve murmured and squeezed Tony's shoulders gently.
generation." He glanced over to Tony by the bar.  He was looking a little worse for wear, and who could blame him? If Steve could get drunk he would drowning every one of his sorrows right now.  Not to mention the ache in his stomach and the stab in his leg.  It really was troublesome that painkillers stopped working on him within the first ten minutes. "Please excuse me," he murmured and then slipped away to Tony's side.
"It's not a trio," said Aria stubbornly.  "Steve's always been very clear about that."
. And Donner didn't want
"No."  It was almost a groan, and she got the impression he was in pain, or at least discomfort.  She felt a pang of pity and then admonished herself for it; it felt prejudiced, wrong. After all, none of them pitied her for having menstrual cycles.
"Where are you going, Tony?" asked Pepper.
One of Steve's bright blue eyes cracked open.
Happy.
Back in the forties, female Alphas, because they were female, weren't like this.  Females were expected to be deferential toward men in the same way that omegas were expected to be deferential toward Alphas.  Consequently, most of the Alphas that tried to take advantage of Steve were men; before the serum, no woman had ever given him a second glance.  Post-serum, of course, they were drawn to him like flies. Status aside, Steve was, as Tony had once enviously put it, a "beefcake."
Steve hated her getting old. It made him feel selfish for still being so young, even if he couldn't help it.
"Not for him," said Gleason flatly.
Tony looked over at his omega and after a moment's consideration reached for his hand.  Relief washed over him when Steve took it and smiled at him.  Maybe she was right.  Maybe he did have a family now, after all.
thought Tony affectionately, climbing painfully to his feet.  Half-limping, half-hopping, he threw on a plain black t-shirt and a pair of jeans, imagining how Steve would be fussing over him if he were here.
He bucked his hips up a little, smiling up at Steve.  "'Course we don't have to get fully naked, either. Although personally I prefer nudity in nearly all circumstances, as you know."
"That was yesterday."
. Him and Tony went on how many dates before Steve let him take his virginity?  Steve felt like a hypocrite but now was not the time for personal guilt.  He had to get through to these people. "He also doesn't see me as a hair color, you know."
"No, I understand, I was hoping to catch-- wait, was that Tony?" asked Ellis.  "Hello, Tony."
He shuddered as he remember the sound of his shield slicing through bone and flesh.
to be frozen, end up here..."
it worked out because Tricky didn't leave that night.  But he sold Tricky about a week later."
"Don't be a hater, Pep.  Happy. Happy, turn here, order me a shake."
that was, okay?  I don't spend a lot of time around omegas.  I've never felt anything like that.  It was like... like he was some sort of emotional crack."
He was bummed out.  He looked forward to STRIKE missions a hell of a lot more than ad campaigns and magazine interviews and photo shoots.
"--shut up, Clint-- so, please, Steve, can you stop shutting us out and let me and Clint just
Steve whined in approval as Tony tugged on his hair sharply, his eyes glazing over with a new kind of lust that he hadn't quite felt before. He hummed around Tony in approval at the notion of him swallowing, sucking at him with earnest.
"...March, huh?" said Beth after a moment of silence.  Tony was clearly down for the count, oblivious to the wrinkles he was getting in his suit.
Oh no!  I was a day late updating!  Sorry, everyone.  I'm running for a leather title this weekend and have therefore been very busy.  Wish me luck!  - Tony
After sixty-five years of being frozen in ice, how bad could one heat be?
Tony picked up a slice and began doing what he did to food when he was feeling bad: dissecting it.  With pizza, this proved to be messy. Everyone watched as he pulled off the toppings and began arranging them on rows on his thigh (ruining his jeans), and then began peeling away the cheese.
Tony stretched, wobbling on the toes of his good foot..  Rhodes was looking at the white orchid with the red streaks on it.  "Oh, hey, this one's from Virginia..."
Natasha frowned without looking away from the computer screen.  "It's the word
The hotel was cheap, dingy perhaps, but that meant less cameras around. Steve was not in the mood to be found.  He didn’t even know who he could trust; anyone at the party, anyone who had been there during his heat, could have leaked the story about his previous bond.
He probably would have told Tony 'that's not healthy' or 'we need to work on that.' But Steve couldn't speak, not coherently anyway... he'd cried out Tony's neck during sex before, begged him... but that was about it.  Trying to form anything intelligent or meaningful was beyond his capacity.
"Come on Tony," he murmured. "Let's go to bed."
"What was I supposed to do?" demanded Tony, voice rising.  "
"Jesus Christ," Steve muttered as he watched Tony lick his own slick off his hand. If he could have gotten hard again so soon, he would have.
He leaned forward to give the back of Steve's neck a gentle bite.  "...any Alpha would be lucky to have you," he murmured.  "Even if you don't get emojis, or know who Garfield is."  He slipped his arms around Steve's waist, brushing his fingertips over the other's abs softly before pulling Steve closer to him.  "I bet now that everyone knows you're an omega, you're going to have Alphas busting down your door to get to you..."  Tony's hair stood up.  He'd been joking but the moment he even considered it, he felt defensive, furious at the idea that anyone would dare try to take Steve.
attracted to him.  No, not even then.  The only thing that would explain this is if they were scent-mates, a rather rare but not unheard of situation.
"I... I don't know," said Tony, feeling confused.  "I don't think so.  I mean, he's my type, obviously.  He's... he's blond and he's good-looking... and, you know, capable... muscular... attractive... very attractive..."  Tony's mouth was starting to water again.  He cut himself off.  "I mean, he's... I don't know, yeah, I like him, that's why we hired him, but I don't... I didn't... I don't know
Steve's story had taken over the headlines, overshadowing Tony's scandals completely.  Only MSNBC still had a small story on the front page about Tony's birthday.  (
Donner reached out tentatively and tugged Malick's sleeve.  "...can
"Sure, maybe, yeah," said Tony, who was lying.  He had no intention of buying, adopting, or otherwise acquiring anyone.  Having DeSoto hover around obsequiously was annoying; Tony had always hated yes-men, groveling little toadies who sucked up to him.  He appreciated being lavished with praise and attention, but he felt it only had value if he earned it. If someone was in awe of him because he had just leveled a mountain with the Ambassor IV Rocket, great!  But if someone was in awe of him only because he was rich and powerful, well, fuck them.
He still couldn't see; everything was black.  Tiberius's voice was grounding, though.
"Tony, pair-bonding isn't like marriage, it's not a purposeful thing, you don't really choose... I mean, you can choose... you
Tony ignored her.  He was stalking toward the back of the plane, toward that scent.  It was beckoning him, calling his name, he was certain of it.  Nothing mattered but following it.  To hell with palladium and Vanko and arc reactors and journalists and everything else.  Tony's priority list had shifted dramatically.  He
, thought Tony.
"...I think there's in-house dry cleaning."
"Pepper, I wanna kiss you again."
Even though they'd slept on the plane ride over, they fell asleep again, their  bodies curled together.  It was already so early that pre-dawn light was filtering in through the west-facing windows.  Tony only slept a few hours before he was waking up, and it was already morning, and he felt disoriented and shitty.
"I can suit up and go take 'em out."
Bucky was not his Alpha.  Tony was his Alpha.  His
? Like actually serious?"
"Hmm... Joey..." considered Donner thoughtfully.  "...how about something festive?  Since he'll be born in winter?"
.  C'mon, Tony.  You gotta give me somethin' here."
"Oh, not bad.  Not too bad at all.  No lasting damage, I don't think.  I'd like to see where they hit you with the inducer.  Injection sites can get inflamed pretty badly. Personally, I never recommend inducing heats, even to time pregnancies.  Just too much stress on the body."
Motherfucker, was Steve really
"No.  Him getting knocked up.  They told us he was sterile 'cause of being frozen."
"So... so you went to spend the day with your other mate... and you told me to leave me alone... I think... right?  I... I tried to find you, with the bond, but you pushed me away. But... but now you got me flowers. And... that." Tony nodded toward the box.  He felt suspicious of the contents.
An awkward laugh followed. "Excuse me… Captain?"
Ty waved a hand.  "No, no, June's fine.  The one-year anniversary would certainly have the most impact.  Let me touch base with the others and we can get together and see about getting this thing off the ground.  It would be good for the kids to have somewhere to go."
Steve went and showered after he made sure Tony was asleep, struggling to think about anything but Bucky and where the hell he might be. He'd been trying to convince himself that he had to stay, for Tony.  But maybe it wasn't just Tony that needed Steve here. Without his mate, Steve wasn't sure he'd be able to resist the urge to go out there and find Bucky. He spent the morning on social media and YouTube. He watched some art channels, trying to distract himself from all the shit going on around him.
Steve leaned up to press a kiss to the corner of Tony's mouth. "You want the day to start yet?" he asked in a murmur.
"You know I actually won a bet when we found out. $10,000 from my old history teacher. I didn't make him pay up," Banksy winked at Steve as he tugged him through a door. "But he offered to."
A grin split across Clint's face and he ducked his head, nuzzling Natasha's arm briefly, knowingly.
"Won't be the same without you here."
"Has anything ever happened to
. He was also looking forward to actually going out on a mission with Nat and Sam, for once; he'd trained with them for long enough. The hours flew by; Steve devoured toast and soon he had a set of plans at the back of his mind, ready to adapt to a multitude of situations if he had to.
The omega giggled; it was a shrill but pleasant sound. "Now why would I want to do that?"
"Yes,
Pietro's eyes narrowed.  "
"If he doesn't come with you, then we just handed half a million over to Gene Bennett for no fuckin' reason!
There was challenge in Steve's eyes, almost like he was waiting on him. He held Tony's gaze for an almost uncomfortable amount of time. "Then take me." Steve breathed quietly, voice reverberating through the air.
function, it'll look crass, I took the liberty of preparing a simple schedule for you, Tony...
it. Steve whined as he leaned his head against the smoothed down wood and groaned as he felt his entire body jolt. How could the doctors have not predicted this? His body was aching for it, almost dying for it. ‘No heats’ Steve's ass. This was awful. This was torture. If he'd at least had warning he could have arranged for an Alpha or taken time off or
"They love it, they love the suit," replied Tony, also smiling and talking under his breath.  "Makes me feel good to have it around, just in case.  That was a pun, by the way.  In case?  Get it?
The soldier sidled off the counter and curled onto the floor, eyes going glassy.
Tony approached Steve, saw he was talking to someone else, and wandered off instead to find Richards and another martini (not necessarily in that order).
"I..." Steve blinked. He hesitated. His hesitation seemed to worry Banksy, whose eyes narrowed at him.  "He tries his best," Steve said and then cringed at how bad that sounded. "Not in a bad way- his father didn't leave the best impression on him."
Strictly speaking, Tony was not supposed to be down in his shop, not while there was any chance of either of them being compromised.  But as usual, Tony had ignored the rules and slipped down there frequently and everyone had given up trying to stop him. His hours had resumed their usual, bizarre schedule.
"I get it Aria. Just breathe.  I'll talk to Tony."
The silence spooled out but Tony didn't feel the least bit uncomfortable with it.  He felt like he and Steve understood each other perfectly as long as he was stroking Steve's face and Steve was pushing back against his hand.
They piled into the car twenty minutes late and Happy just sighed fondly. "It's not too long a drive," he assured them before flicking the radio on. Tonight it was low jazz playing. Happy's music tastes were terribly inconsistent, Steve found.
"I appreciate you working out where I was and getting the others to come here, I really do. But if you're just going to give me the same bullshit, Tony, and pull this again in another six months, then save it, because my heart can't take it anymore. It just
"His smell gave me the heebies-jeebies."
"I got a place to do law," Donner said, all of a sudden. "But I didn't go in the end." Then he stared stubbornly at the floor, like he'd just said too much. Steve's heart sank for him.
"Tony!  Wait!"
"Alright, alright! I'm coming," Steve held up his hands like he was surrendering and stood. The beta woman waved at him until he walked out and away from the auctionees.
Tony opted to change the subject.  "...we should go to the doctor," he said quietly.  "I mean... about that.  To make sure you're okay."  He had no idea if this could hurt Steve, what the repercussions were.  Steve's body healed miraculously on its own... but Steve's doctors had been wrong so many times, about him not having heats and being infertile, and Tony wanted to make sure.
The vague memory of marching back from the POW camp and seeing his neck, the skin virginal, unmarked, seemed like a bad dream now.  Perhaps that had never happened at all. ...hadn't they
"Blame Steve for that," said Tony.  "He's the one helping me see the light.  ...fucking Lorentz, he's
It was a proper Mexican standoff and Tony wasn't sure what to do, if anything he could do would fix things.
He managed to tear open the carton and get juice everywhere. "Whoops.  Damn it."
He took a thoughtful drag on the cigarette, trying to calculate his next move.  Was it on his dog tags?
In the bedroom, Tony had managed to tangle himself hopelessly in the sheets.  At some point he had wriggled out of bed to plug in both of their phones to charge overnight.  No matter how drunk he was, for Tony, tech was always a top priority. There were several texts on Steve's phone from the friends DeSoto didn't think he had: Tiberius had reassured him that Status Alliance was not officially releasing any statements on his "collaring" or being at the AU conference, and that the picketers were operating outside of SA's official channels.  Clearly, he had faith that Steve was up to something that would benefit omegas. There was also a text from Aria giving him a summary of the media cycle, and a friendly update from Natasha about SHIELD.
"Shit."  Natasha held her hands up.  Her body language was, for once, submissive, small.  "...give me the shield," she said, voice slow and measured.  "Come on. We have to go. Give me the shield."
The taste of blood was a surprisingly good wake-up call.  Tony yanked away.  "Oh, shit... Happy, I didn't mean to-- I'm sorry, I-- I thought you were--"  Tony was too embarrassed to finish.  He'd thought Happy was trying to take his omega.  Happy, who was a beta.  Happy, who was straight.  Happy, who was one of his closest friends and would never dream of doing such a thing.
"If you'd just let me speak to him, Rogers, this could all have been avoided," said Gideon, who still sounded half-asleep.  "You're the one meddling in his life... I paid a fair amount for him, he belongs to me, not you. Now, honestly, let me go back to bed.  Unlike you, I'm not having my house searched."
"Trust you?" Steve echoed, sounding unconvinced.
.  His. Here.
Aria frowned and dropped her burger down onto the table.  She was no longer hungry.
"Just remember, Steve. It's not your fault," Tiberius said, trying and failing to meet the other omega's eyes before standing up. There was a strange weight in Ty's chest; he felt an odd sense of sadness for them, but there was also nothing he could do about it. He hovered by the door a moment, his fingers curled around the edge of it. And then he slipped back out, closing the door softly behind him.
Tony hadn't ever had one of those but he wasn't going to admit that now.  He felt Steve's body tense a little and assumed that meant the doctor was up in there.  Gross.
His wife stepped forward, a hand on his arm. "It's been a pleasure having you, captain," she said, words almost intimate before she pulled her hand back. "I do hope you find the happiness you deserve with Mr. Stark, after everything you've sacrificed for our country."
"...there's breakfast downstairs.  And a doctor," he added.  "This isn't 1945, Steve.  You don't have to act like a soldier right now.  C'mon.  Look around."  He gestured to the bedroom.  The white sheets and white floor, the private balcony overlooking the bright blue ocean, the mahogany bar in the corner, the bright little orchid on their bedstand.  Sometimes, he found it annoying how Steve behaved.  He guy had grown up in the Depression and he often acted like it.  Surviving instead of living.
He was actually not very good at pool.  He looked great doing it, but he rarely managed to sink a ball.  He'd already realized that Steve, who was his father's peer, had no doubt played with him and already knew that Howard was great at it.
Certainly, Tony had seen that.  His father and Jarvis had been the epitome of a traditional Alpha-omega pair.
Nick sighed, loudly, grumbled a good-bye, and hung up, but Steve swore that he'd heard the smile come back into Nick Fury's voice at the end of the call.  Nick Fury knew, better than anyone, the futility of telling Captain America to behave.
The reason for their abrupt reconciliation following that call from Maria was apparent now.  Steve's body was dumping pheromones into the air and Tony was an insatiable, lustful mess.
"Tony, wait, about Bulgari--"
In this chapter, Tony establishes that he's been outbreak-free since 2008! - T
Pepper rose to get it.  She set it by the entrance of the nest and Phil's hand snaked out to retrieve it.  Steve looked over the elaborate den with undisguised interest; it honestly looked quite cool but Steve didn't dare take a look inside of it until their heats were over. He didn't want Phil to think he was intruding, or anything.
feel right now.  What were your intentions when you went to Siberia and called HYDRA?  What's your take right now on the consequences
"Steve, use your Captain America charm... use your omega wiles," whispered Tony.  He wiggled his hips a little in encouragement. The encouragement was for Steve, but his body responded immediately; he was hard again.  He groaned and began thrusting slowly into Steve, still feeling nauseous.
"Donner.  My real name is James, James Rhodes.  I'm a lieutenant colonel in the Air Force."
Steve thought about Phil's story and something warmed in his chest. About him just getting in a car and leaving. Steve had never been that brave with Bucky, or he'd been too in love with him. Either way, he suffered petulantly, rather than just getting up and getting out.
Clint sighed. "Maybe he just got good. You did train him, Nat," he pointed out, voice thick with sleep. "If you want, we could always tell SHIELD--"
"Captain America lived alone for over six months and discovered that sex toys were a lot more widely available than they used to be," Steve told him with a soft kind of smirk playing at his features.  "The serum makes me horny.  Can't help it." He leaned down to steal a quick kiss, sucking at Tony's bottom lip briefly. Suddenly they felt okay again,
"I'll see. Might be hard to squeeze you in though," Steve told Justin on the top of 'accommodating' him, his eyes narrowing at the Alpha passive aggressively before Pepper pulled him away. He wanted to see Justin's face when he realised Steve was Captain America. That he'd been lightly fondling the hand of Captain America, thinking he could rile Tony up by touching his PA- he would probably shit his pants. Steve often had that effect on Alphas, actually.
"I warned you, didn't I?" said Pepper, leaning against the tiled wall of the men's bathroom, tapping one heel impatiently, arms crossed.  Tony was kneeling in front of the toilet, quietly retching. "I told you no drinking and you just couldn't help it, could you?"
"...you can talk to them if you want," said Tony after a few moments of staring at the stones.  "I don't," he added, unnecessarily. Tony didn't see any point in it. They were dead, after all, and couldn't hear him, and even if that weren't the case, what would he say?
"How's your boy?"
"Oh, just follow us.  We're going too," said Eric pleasantly.  Piper was hovering behind him, twirling a strand of her hair.  "...you know that it's mostly about the best techniques to impregnate your omega, though, right?"
"I was bonded to you," Steve said tentatively, not sure how Bucky would take it. If he would even believe him. "And now I'm bonded to Tony. He bit over your mark.  But now the bond is fading. He's been letting it go. I stopped feeling him as much.  I think he’ll eventually sever it."
One-day-late update!  I'm sorry!  I'm working on cosplay for the Infinity War premiere.
"Don't stress about it Captain. I'll come back to you with a solution by Christmas, you have my word.  If and when you decide to have whelps, we'll make sure it's on your terms, alright?"
"Don't tell me
He blushed.  Actually
"Let's just go see Aunt--I mean-- Agent Carter.  Peggy," said Tony. "It'll be a good way to end our little vacation, huh?"  Tony suspected Steve was going to be busy as hell in the forseeable future. They had the dinner auction in two weeks and then Project 84... Steve might not get to see Peggy again for months.  With a chill, Tony wondered if this might be the last time. She was old, wasn't she? In her nineties? How much longer could she have, anyway?
The pieces of the mosaic fell into place, clicking together instantly in Tony's mind, resolving into a dangerous, deadly picture.
Even though Steve was reassuring him, stroking his hair, Tony made no move to get off of him.  He heard the beep of the door after a few moments of silence, of the two of them just laying there with each other, Tony hugging Steve, pressing his body down protectively on the omega.  Protecting him, yes.  But also establishing dominance.  Which was, of course, a ridiculous notion.  But like huffing Steve's shirt, it brought Tony comfort, and he was too worn out to act like he was above his base instincts at the moment.
Banksy had been the first to ask about Steve's neck directly; not even Tony had really brought it up.  He and Steve were both relieved that Tony's mark had been accepted again, at least partially, but Tony didn't want to talk about it to Steve.  He couldn't help but feel like the whole reason their bonding issues had been solidified was because of that dirty little trick Frond had taught him with the scent glands, and it made him feel uneasy, thinking they had actually gotten something beneficial out of the AU conference and out of Frond's terrifying D/s theories of partnership.
"Hello, Bridget," said George pleasantly, voice suddenly much deeper, more formal.  "I was recently given Madeline's card by an associate and I was hoping to enroll my child in your institution.  I've heard very positive things."
Steve was strangely flattered that Fury trusted them with this, but that certainly didn't stop him from being annoyed. He gave Tony a weak smile and squeezed his hand. "The only reason I ever ended up in your lap in the first place was because of Nick," he said quietly. He'd actually never thought about that before this moment. But Fury had sent him undercover; it had been his suggestion. So for their anniversary, in a very strange way, this was oddly fitting.
"No, really, Pepper, I don't mind all these boring meetings.  It's good for me to check in once and a while, make sure you're not slacking off.  All these earnings look great."
"JARVIS," she called.  "How do I read military dog tags?"
"Oh, Ginny already told me all about it."
had been a close family friend, back when he'd actually had a family.  All she would be able to tell Steve is a bunch of humiliating childhood stories and Tony hated the idea of it.
He knew he was missing a lot of context here.  There were at least two important players in this narrative: Bucky Barnes (deceased) (maybe), and the Winter Soldier (whose existence toed the line between questionable and mythological). Why was Steve's brain getting the Winter Soldier and Bucky Barnes confused?
Tony winced.  "Okay, okay, okay..."  He shoved a few fingers into Steve and reached around to grasp his erection.  "You can cum and then you gotta do this interview... blah blah blah, omega rights. Remember?"
Tony stuffed his hands in his pockets, feeling pleased with himself.  In the new simulation, Steve had fallen and Tony, his Alpha, had caught him.  Which was precisely how Steve's subconscious should see it.  Tony was his Alpha, his protector, and when threatened, Tony had appeared to save the day.
Tony had briefly considered asking Pepper to hover over them during their next heat, but he knew his emotions toward her were too complicated.  He had precious few people in his life that he trusted to be around him and Steve in heat; he'd come to think of Steve's heats as "their" heats.  It was a tricky thing, heats... it left them unusually vulnerable, something Tony disliked being.
Bucky's eyes narrowed.  "...that's what everyone thought.  I was a good student and an athlete and a boxing champ down at the Y... all the girls swooned when I walked down the street.  I could've had any omega I wanted. When I took Steve, the people that knew, they said
"If I was awake and I saw them trying to kill Tony, I probably would have tried to kill them."
"It's Steve.  His metabolism is like a hummingbird's," replied Pepper, who had one hand on Tony's arm.  "The last one he had came on like this, too.  At least this time we're at home."
Steve half smiled. "Thanks, Pepper.  ...and for the record, I'm sorry, too."
He shuffled a little awkwardly on top of Steve and found his phone in his pocket.  246 unread messages.  He deleted them all, then sent out a single one.
"Buck. Find somewhere to stop the car." Steve knew he had to be careful with instructions, that Bucky might sometimes take them too literally.
a good mate too then he won't ask you to again."
? Steve blinked in surprise and grabbed a towel. He dried himself once over quickly before draping it around his shoulders and stepping out of the bathroom to find where Tony had gone to.
"What's your theory, boss?" asked Happy, even though he'd heard it before.
Tony peeked around to look at Steve's neck and cringed noticeably.  "Fuckin' Sagan, it looks like a tennis ball on the back of your neck, Steve."
Natasha smiled at him but it didn't reach her eyes.  "They're the lesser evil."
His strange sense of intuition had taken him here, but now that he was here, he wasn't sure why.  He felt like he'd been ordered to come here, but the
"Any news on New Mexico?"
"Turn what off?"
"Let this be a warning to you, Captain," said Phil, holding the dart gun in his hand.  "SHIELD has developed tranqs for you. ...just in case."
"Don't you care about Steve at all?  He's your omega, Tony!"
"Yeah, thanks," said Tony, missing the irony completely.  "Thanks, Pep, you're the best. Ciao!  Come by sometime next week. Steve'll make you dinner- it'll be fun.  Jarv, cut."
He pushed his hair back from his face.  The Winter Soldier had an incredible ability to be perfectly immobile for long periods of time without fidgeting, but right now, there was no trace of the soldier.  Just Bucky. Albeit a rather confused, child-like Bucky. A Bucky that had been hit really hard in the head, maybe.
, at first, if you haven't before. But you'll soon get used to it. Our collars don't just look good; they're all designed to have maximized comfort."
"...what'd you pack me?" asked Tony, turning to Pepper.
to get force bonded, right? Like, genuine question. I do know your type can sometimes struggle with our overly-complicated, cutesy omega things.  Like consent."
They split; Trickshot let out a loud yell of protest.  "Hey, morons, I'm still tied up!"
Tony felt a pang of gratitude.  Natasha was tough and scary but, in moments like these, he got a peek of her soft side.  If their positions were reversed, Tony doubted he'd let her live it down with this much grace.
"Yeah!  It doesn't ring anymore so they didn't need it.  I tried to get the whole bell, but they wouldn't sell it to me.  Do you like it? It's a good gift, right?" asked Tony, beaming.
Pepper was involved in social issues; Tony had long avoided them.  Now he was sitting almost-naked in the room of a guy who'd just cracked open the Pandora's Box of civil rights.
Tony let Steve drag him down to the shop and grab the keys to the Audi off the pegboard.  He pestered Steve with questions about what office, what the hell the volunteers were for, trying to get Steve to give something, but Steve was being irritatingly tight-lipped.  He had a mischievous little smile and Tony played along, nagging him in a good-natured way because he could tell that Steve was enjoying himself.
"-Jesus Christ.
Tony got up and crossed the room.  He had boxes of Howard's notes stored away; most had never been opened.  He'd put them away back when it had been too painful to deal with and let it slip his mind, intentionally, because Tony's feelings about Howard were complicated and he'd rather not examine them.  But the promise of cracking open SHIELD's mysteries was too exciting to resist.
A butler of some sort greeted him whilst Happy took the car away. "Are you quite alright, Captain Rogers?" he asked, perfectly polite. He was an Alpha, mated, dressed in a clean pressed white suit. Steve thought he looked silly. But he wasn't looking at Steve with alarm, more concern.
"Oh me? Oh no. No way. I think I would rather die, no offense."
The moment the ten of them (the six bodyguards, plus Tony and Steve, plus Aria and Pepper) crammed into an elevator, it was suddenly and startlingly quiet.
He didn't think he'd ever felt his full before. Tony had been inside of him since the beginning and he'd released inside of him several times. The sensation of it just served to turn Steve on even more. He was panting and whimpering with soft, quiet sounds leaving his lips, his eyes still glazed over as he watched Tony's face. It was like he was high again, almost, but he wasn't manic this time. He was something more docile.
"...you... bought us collars," said Tony. holding the box without opening it.  He stared into the middle distance for a moment. "...so you still want to go to that AU conference.  ...okay. Sounds good."
"At two weeks, the embryo is actually considerably smaller than a pinto bean.  It is likely only a single cell with a diameter of a tenth of a millimeter."
him, however. His back had met with the edge of a desk and before he'd known what he was doing- fuck. He'd kissed Tony back. Something seized in his chest. Something like hope and relief all at once. Because Tony wasn't going to die. He was going to save himself and then- then what? Would he go back to hating Steve for lying? Hm...didn't matter so much when he was licking into Steve's mouth though. Whether he liked it or not it made the blonde shiver involuntarily. The kiss was intense, more so than anything else Steve had ever experienced. He'd never been aware of being so
"Hey." Steve squeezed Tony's elbow gently and ducked down to whisper in his ear. "Before this night is up, I want a dance, mister."
Fury sighed.  "Rogers, the Avengers Initiative is not a full-time gig.  You have to understand, this is the future, and we fight a different kind of warfare now.  It's not all charging into bases and spraying gunfire all over the place.  Sometimes, it's subtle, and simple.  We do a lot more intelligence gathering and planning than we do raids, and any raid we do has to be with the approval of the World Security Council.  ...when we're ready for you, we'll let you know.  Until then, focus on having a good Christmas, Rogers."  He clapped a hand on Steve's shoulder.  "There's a life between battles, Steven.  Go and live it."
"Oh come on," Aria said, sitting down next to him with a wriggling baby in her arms. Steve reached out a hand, and short fat fingers reached out to grab his thumb tightly. Steve smiled. "You fought in WWII!This should be a walk in the park."
The soldier looked over his shoulder and regarded the omega.
Tony worried, momentarily, that he might be hurting Steve, then remembered that it was Captain America and he probably couldn't have gripped his arm too hard if he tried.
"I dreamed you and Howard were bonded."
Steve wasn't sure if there was something between them or not. They bickered a lot and clearly frustrated each other more often than not. It would be oddly sweet if a project like this managed to bring people together, Steve guessed.
"You're getting raw egg all over the counter and floor... I'll crack the eggs for you... you'll get eggshells in the bowl if you do it that way."
Steve landed on the Winter Soldier heavily, knocking the gun out of his hands as he threw himself against his back. They rolled for dominance, Steve throwing a punch to his jaw whilst he took one to the gut. He twisted around, fisting a hand in the soldier's hair and wrenching his head back.
It also proved a fear of Steve's however. That these omegas weren't really all coy and polite, they were
It was strange; Monaco felt like a world away when really it was only about a week.
"Good man, Jarv."  Tony looked over the Expo, as if he might conveniently had to spot Vanko strolling down the thoroughfare.  Only panicking crowds and the occasional rogue drone shooting anti-aircraft artillery at him.
Malick's voice lowered.  "Just because you're a weak Alpha and an acer doesn't mean you have to act like one, Stark."
Wait a second.  He
Steve looked back and forth between them.  It was
"I don't know!"
"You're kidding me."
"Does he want some of my...ice?" Phil said, trying to offer help.
He could feel lovesick later.  Right now, he had to focus on escape.
"The new one's already showing.  I'm guessing she's due in August."
He nuzzled against Steve's shoulder affectionately.  He really did feel a lot better. It was good to have a mate.
Steve groaned as he was woken up, sighing in relief with the ringing stopped. But then the knocking on the door continued and it seemed they weren't to be left alone. He'd really wanted a lie in with Tony, but no such luck. He sat up in bed and ran a hand through his hair. "Alright! I'm up! I'm just going to shower."
Sitting on the edge of their bed, Steve stared at the shape of Tony's back and suddenly, under the sheets, he looked so small. Guilt was rushing off of Tony in waves but Steve didn't entirely know why. He didn't feel like it was a good time to probe, and Tony didn't feel like he wanted to share. "I'll wake you up at three.  Sleep well, Tony." He leaned over to kiss his shoulder and then pulled away.
Tony sulked.
"Thom Browne," supplied JARVIS.
for him. "I wouldn't be grateful. If someone bought me against my will, no matter what they gave me, I wouldn't be grateful," he said quietly. "And I don't think wanting to be with your family is a 'syndrome', Jesus Christ..." Steve leaned forward, head in his hands. What kind of bullshit did DeSoto's Alpha tell him to make him believe that kind of shit?
"I don't think Fury wanted us to leave the--" began Mackenzie.
"You have a gimmick, you're a scary Russian.  You gimmick is Natasha Fatale."
"Clint." Steve sounded serious. Uh-oh. "I need you to tell Tony."
Steve rolled his eyes at Tony as pushed himself up and went to clean away Tony's mess in the bathroom best he could. Steve tucked everything back in and then splashed cold water over his face to get the pinkness to die down. He fixed his hair quickly before stepping back out to find Tony fixing his own.
, I can't eat until I've had a drink, I feel
Howard dragged a hand across his face and said something, but the film was skipping again, and his words were indistinguishable.
"Thanks for ruining our fucking anniversary," snarled Tony.
"Loved you on SNL," he told Steve, who blushed a little, because, God, he'd put a lot of work into it. He had no idea being funny was so... well, hard.
know what omegas like?  Steve's not
"Don't you get it?" Steve muttered into the floor and he almost sounded...angry. His eyes fluttered open. "Don't you
"How very strange. But surely he could still feel his old bond?"
"...Morgan from the restaurant?"
"My first took twelve but I'm a beta.  For male omegas it can take longer. ...but not necessarily," she added quickly.
He reached up to rub his chest, a sure sign of stress.  Vaguely, he thought about how weird it was that George, who had run off the moment his Alpha was incarcerated, gone and gotten himself an education, still spoke tenderly to Luke on phone, still shared a family with him.
Again.
"We have ten minutes till we're ready to land," Sam filled in, glancing at one of the screens on the walls.
"Shh... shh, shh, I'm all yours, I'm here for you," murmured Tony.  Gently, he slid the collar around Steve's neck; it clicked; Tony took a half-second to appreciate the scene before him, Steve Rogers, naked and shimmering with sweat, arching and whimpering, the jeweled collar heavy on his neck, the sapphires complimenting his eyes perfectly.
"Do we have to?" Steve said.  He sounded like he was a child wanting to skip church on a Sunday, not cutting off a man's arm.
"You don't always have to be," Steve pointed out quietly, suddenly seeing the mask Tony was putting up. The way his smile didn't quite meet his eyes. Something tugged in Steve's gut. Every time he thought he had Tony pegged, he suddenly didn't anymore. "Figured you didn't just want cucumber and kale," Steve pointed out but then Happy was driving them up the racetrack entrance. More press outside, wonderful. Steve stepped out of the car after Tony, cameras flashing and he was suddenly hyper-aware of the case attached to his hand by cuffs. A bad feeling settled in his gut, something rotten.
Happy looked into the rearview mirror.  "This is it, boss."
Steve was giggling and squirming under him; the moment Tony grasped his dick, he began thrusting with eager moans.  Tony had no clue whose bright idea it was to have a pre-heat interview, but he felt like it was a bad idea. Steve was child-like and desperate; he was not himself during his heats.
He finally looked back at the Alpha. "Why are you here, Tony?"
historical artifacts into the museum," he joked.
Steve braced a hand against the Winter Soldier's chest and felt his heart beat. Yes. He had too Tony would kill him, or vise versa. And SHIELD was riddled with HYDRA; they had at least one mole with Level Seven clearance.  Jasper Sitwell. Bucky would never be safe.
"Hello there, Captain America," drawled Lawrence.  He was a heavy-set black man with a long, drawling southern accent, an Alpha of moderate dominance.
"I'm blocking this number," replied Tony, and he plucked Steve's phone and hung up.  He looked at Steve worriedly. "...Donner can't stay here. It's game over if Gideon talks to him.  He should go stay with George, at least until he can stand up for himself. ...we should go check on him."  Tony wasn't sure why he was suddenly so concerned with Donner. Maybe because he looked so much like Tony's mate, or because they were related.  In any case, Tony found he had a vested interest in Donner's welfare.
There was some muffled scuffling on the other end and suddenly Clint was on the line.  "Hey Steve
She came out a half-hour later in a white hotel robe, her hair wrapped in a towel.
He gave a little kick and went to the edge of the pool, hauling himself out to get a bottle of liquor.  Steve was under again.
"This century is a joke!"
"--you took a bunch of E, didn't you?"
Rhodey's jaw tightened.  "Okay. Listen."  He stepped to the side, leaning in to speak to Steve.  "Go get a mike from the DJ, thank everyone for coming, and shut it down.  He won't come out of the suit while all these idiots are cheering him on."
"I almost didn't make it to the dinner; doesn't mean you get an excuse to cut it close too," Steve said, tone good-natured. He thanked the man for the water then pressed it into his Alpha's hand. "Drink. Seriously. You'll feel better. God knows how many courses this will be, you don't want to eat on a jumped up stomach."
"I went through his calls," Phil said, stepping into the room. He'd already seen the CCTV, just minutes ago. "He was using a burner phone, pre-paid. He only made one call from it that night."
Tony frowned.  A town full of people "hallucinating" that they had seen a suit-like entity... that sounded like a cover-up if Tony had ever heard one.  Gas leaks were second only to "training exercise" in terms of cover stories.
"You stay the hell away!"
They came again together, Steve's cum coating both of their stomachs as well as the sheets, but neither one could be bothered to care much.  By evening Steve was firmly and undeniably in heat, and greedily begging for more, even as Tony bit his neck and stroked his cock and filled him up, even after Tony doubted he had anything left to give.
He eventually gave up completely; Aria said his awkwardness was charming and people would probably love him no matter how terrible his acting was.
He went back to singing "Carry on my Wayward Son" as he grabbed the conditioner.
Tony looked up, blinking, trying to reorient himself to a world that wasn't pure mathematics.  Unlike Steve, he was capable of long fasting periods; he often forgot to eat when he was absorbed in technical things.
Barnes smiled.  "...would you like to get a coffee?" he asked, because he had learned this was an excellent way to get people alone to interrogate them.
Tony hiccuped softly into his water.  "Steve, can you get my-- my chips-- and car-- and omega-- and I wanna go to bed now," he said.
"I doubt it. But you never know, maybe he was born an angry looking baby," Steve hummed. He had to bite back a moan as Tony began to knead at his shoulders. The engineer was good with his hands- that was nothing new.
"For once, I've been pretty unplugged, to be honest," said Tony.  "Who's out?"
Steve could never appreciate the feeling of seeing Bucky's mark, and
"So the week after SHIELD fries my brain, it's your birthday.  I was thinking we could go to New York," said Tony casually.  He was still trying to get his hands on a bald eagle but so far no one seemed very willing to sell him one for some reason.  "...if you want to, I mean."  He was testing the waters.  Steve's reaction to his old war memorabilia had driven home the fact that Steve's age was a sensitive topic.  He was both young and old, stuck in a time that wasn't really his, and most of his friends were dead.  Those that weren't, like Peggy, were close.  But Tony still wanted to do something for Steve.  Assuming his SHIELD didn't destroy his brain.  Flunking the psych eval or having a psychotic episode would probably put a damper on any celebrations.
He could have played around all day, but he wanted to get back and have a few drinks before Steve returned.  He zipped back to the house and went down to the basement, feeling refreshed.  He mixed himself a martini at the minibar in the corner after the suit had been pulled off of him, taking a few shots of straight gin to tide himself over.
"TWO..."
"I'm not locked away.  I just don't want to leave."
-- he
"I know it's not your fault.  Him biting you, that sucks but it doesn't change who you are, not to me, anyway.  Just like how what happened to me doesn't change who I am to you. ...hopefully."
Pietro wasn't familiar with the term "carpool."  He looked over at Wanda for support. This man didn't seem like an enemy but they couldn't take any chances.  Not when they were this close. He nodded to her; her gaze fixed on the other omega and her hands tensed, beginning to draw patterns in the air.
Steve was grateful once they were alone. All he wanted was to be in bed. He dropped down onto the mattress, hands bunching up in the sheets. He sighed. "Do you think Rhodey would ever date another Alpha?" he asked, simply desperate to talk about anything
Steve swallowed. "It's...er..." He locked gaze with Tony and sighed. He walked over and tugged the orange juice carton out of Tony's hands. "That's rude, you know," he told him, words without bite as he raised a brow at the Alpha. "Sorry- Clint. I'm kind of busy right now, but text me later, yeah?"
"That's good of Fury," Steve whispered, thinking that he hadn't really had to go the extra effort. But he had.
going to listen to you now.  I might be from the past. But men like you can't see a future that's more than just yourself," Steve said, "and that's the reason men like you will be forgotten, and men like me will be remembered."  With that, he walked out.
"Oh... ohh yeah... that feels good, Steve," he groaned, closing his eyes and putting his hands behind his head.  He rolled his hips upwards with relief. Steve's arousal had gotten him erect to a painful degree and having his cock milked had to be the most satisfying feeling in the world.  "Here... here it comes.. sit on it, omega, take it like a good boy..." grunted Tony, reaching forward to grab Steve's hips. He arched, twitching with a gasp at the sudden release.
It was about 9 by the time it was done, with some frozen sweetcorn thrown in and added cumin from the spice rack in the corner. It was nothing special, but it was food. Steve before he took Tony's downstairs (microwaving it to make it sure it was hot).  (He watched the plate go around and around as the microwave hummed; it was incredible, he thought, how you could make food warm up in a matter of minutes.)
"And how did you two meet, again?"
," said Boswell.
Pepper looked up anxiously, Steve's hand in hers.  "What does he mean, a witch?"
"Don't go all Captain America on me.
He got up and crossed the smooth rock deck to kneel beside Steve.  "Hey. Hey, Steve, snap out of it. Talk to me. What's going on?" asked Tony, reaching over to run his hands through Steve's wet hair.
," he added, with a small smile.
"You don't have to apologize for loving both of them," said Clint softly.  "I love Laura. I love Natasha. They fulfill very different roles in my life.  Laura is my wife and my best friend and the mother of my children. Natasha is my Alpha and my partner.  I think the main thing is making sure you're safe. Because Barnes is... well, let's face it, he's a wreck, man.  Completely unstable. And I know you want to help him because that's how you are, but you gotta protect yourself too."
"Is Variety or Vanity Fair the one I have an issue with?" Tony interrupted her.
Before Steve knew what he was doing he was standing between two Iron Man suits, with dozens, if not hundreds, of party guests gaping at them through the floor-to-ceiling windows in the front of the house. Steve held up his hands. "Tony. Tony, don't do that again," he said slowly, carefully. Every word measured and precise. "Please. Just get out of the suit.
"Ah. Okay," Steve let out a soft laugh and moved to set the bowl of food down on the side, the chicken and sauce steaming a little with a fork wedged into the rice.   Steve was never going to be much of a cook but if Tony wouldn't take care of himself properly then
Or maybe just where ever he wanted.  He was alive, renewed, and in love, and the horizon was his for the taking.
Tony growled.
He waited until Steve was out of sight before heading down to the shop.  "JARVIS!  I want to test out the Mark V, let's suit up!" he yelled, throwing off his robe.  One of the most-asked questions he got about the suit was what he wore under it.  The honest answer, the one he didn't admit, was that he usually didn't wear anything, because clothes only made the whole thing uncomfortable.  There was already a nomex-spandex lining that fit perfectly to his body.  Sure, you could cram yourself in with clothes, but they had a tendency to bunch up and get in the way.  When Tony did wear clothes in the suit, it was often just boxer-briefs and an undershirt, items designed to be comfortable and form-fitting.
Steve watched Donner go, absolutely horrified as the omega practically skipped out of the door. It probably would be Gideon's; all the others were too... recent. What Steve couldn't understand was that instead of feeling violated or confused, Donner was
"Oh, neat.  My dad was a pilot.  I'm a pilot in a sense, too, I guess.  Man, it looks like Natasha's really giving Steve the ol' what-for, huh?"  He tilted his chin across the room; Natasha and Steve were engrossed in an intense discussion.  "Welp, guess that means we won't be getting a table anytime soon.  Fine by me.  I'd rather keep close to the booze.  Hold still, you have something on your neck."  Tony reached over to brush it away, but his hand stopped a few inches from Sam's skin when he realized what it was.  For once, he seemed to have nothing to say.
Natasha knelt by the hole in the floor to look down.  "Steve, Tony, we just got a call that--"
"Pills don't work on Steve.
Justin was nearly slapping the other omega off him; Jack was offering him help just like Steve was offering Tony, and Justin was clearly not willing to have his pride wounded by accepting it.
Steve was on his third pint of Guinness but he was nowhere near feeling it. Jane kept asking him history questions; he patiently answered them. Most of them were about the Howlies or, ha, the president who had felt him up. But then she asked: "Is it true that you were just the test run, and that they always intended the serum for Alphas?"
This is the last chapter of smut n' fluff before Project 84.  Enjoy it while it lasts.  Warning: INSANELY graphic sex scenes, dirty talk, and general intimacy.  - T
No.  Not limbo.  Nothing in the Bible had ever mentioned floorboards?
About three episodes in Steve fell asleep, his face pressed against Tony's shoulder. His body was still tired from fighting off the infection and he would need his strength for the weeks to come. After being in captivity for four days under bright lights to be able to sleep like was a luxury. And with Tony next to him he felt safe. He could feel that the other was worried, nervous... but then, so was Steve, and it was completely understandable. The next month would be pivotal and they only got one chance at it.
Seven looked mortified.  Slowly, he lifted his shirt to show his stomach.  He wasn't muscular, but wasn't too thin. Perhaps he'd run track in school.
Inside the box was the collar and two keys.  The collar was silver... more specifically, vibranium imported from Wakanda.  It was enameled with a white filigree and had a subtle smattering of sapphires, just enough to make the blue of Steve's eyes pop.  One of the keys had a matching sapphire set into the base, but the other one had a garnet.
Rhodey.
Steve was leaning his head, softly nuzzling into Tony's hands as he cupped Steve's cheeks, rubbed his skin with his thumbs; he brushed his fingers through Steve's hair, traced the outline of an ear, slid a finger down Steve's jaw, feeling the hint of invisible blond stubble; he was memorizing every little feature, reading Steve's face like it was a braille map.  He could hear himself breathing, hard and soft and shallow.
"Aw, because of Grant?"
"But you didn't even try!" Steve protested. "You just tried to warn me about Alphas approaching. And now you've put me in a car with three unbonded ones!
"I don't know.  It feels wrong to just... abandon him."
But they had all the time in the world, didn't they?  Tony was only half-watching, more focused on Steve's warmth and Steve's scent, the fingers that brushed through his hair, the thought of what tomorrow would be like, the thought of standing before a crowd and presenting his omega, announcing that, yes, he'd done it, he'd bonded, he'd really done it, Steve Rogers, America's darling, all his...
"Nothing's strong enough for me.  'Cause of the serum. I'm sorry."
. Gideon had been everything but.
Combined with Tony's odd feelings about Happy and Pepper and Steve's own rejection...he wasn't feeling great. The thought of disappearing into their room was becoming increasingly appealing. Steve didn't find Happy and Pepper's relationship that much of a surprise but he tried to understand that Tony needed time.
Another shift of rubble and a bright, metallic-red suit climbed up, Tony coughing as well.
The monitors were blinking as Steve's brain jumped tracks again.  He was in the cockpit of a plane; the only illumination was a series of blinking emergency lights on a panel, and the water that was filling the enclosed space was reflecting it into lovely swirls against the metal ceiling, and Steve was gasping in the chair--
"It's my job."
But, Pepper aside, there were a lot of others.  The occasional SHIELD agent, and Dr. Gleason, and Sam.  The first time Tony had run into Sam, he and Steve were going for an early morning jog.  It was 5:30 in the morning and Tony was coming up from the shop, getting ready for bed; he had been scruffy and covered in engine grease and more than a few shots of liquor in, and he'd managed to overturn one of their many orchids trying to scramble up the stairs unnoticed.  It wasn't that Tony wasn't an extrovert-- he was and always had been-- it was just that his home was a sacred place that he preferred to keep to himself, and ever since Steve had moved it, it seemed a lot less private.
She leaned down at the two of them kissed.
Steve reached his fingers up to gently push damp hair back from Tony's forehead. He didn't look especially with it, his gaze a little unfocused but he seemed to understand what Tony was saying. He didn't comment. There was no need to. Everything Tony was saying was true. He just hummed and butted their foreheads together affectionately.
"But ever since they found us, we have a place to sleep.  And we don't have to steal food anymore. It's nice."
"My omega, yeah.  I'm in a triad. Got a wife, too, and three kids by her, plus two with Benny, so Randy ends up seeing me about five times a week.  This is the only place I can get any peace and quiet."
If there was any real upside to Steve's experience, it was discovering how many people were really on his side.
Aria patted his arm a little awkwardly. "It's not you."
She flushed bright red and looked like the only reason she hadn't slapped him was because she was too shocked.
"No, no, no, that's way too much Cognac--" Tony was arguing with one of Trey's brothers about Sidecars again, clearly trying to save face after Brooke had embarrassed him.
Steve let Tony tilt his head up pliantly, eyes slipping shut as he let the Alpha guide him into the position he wanted. Tony's fingers were hot and strong on his jaw, the touch so prominent it was almost burning. Steve relished in the sensation. In all of it.
"Old mate."
"Mm... where ever you want, baby," murmured Tony, luxuriating in the warm water, trailing his fingers through the bubbles.  He cracked one eye open lazily at Steve.  "I promised you Italian.  We can do Italian.  I know some good sushi places.  They say sushi is a good aphrodisiac."  He closed the eyes, melting a little further into the bath, rubbing one of his legs against Steve's.  "Vegan food is a thing now.  Vegan is, uh, no meat.  Or anything from animals, no eggs, no milk, there's a place called Real Food Daily in Hollywood that's pretty hot... mm... Indian is good... mmmm... there's a Himalayan joint on Venice that's got yak... honest-to-God
he thought in annoyance,
"Yes," said Bucky, without hesitation.
"Oh, God." Sam groaned. "You are so
Tony's mouth twitched a little.  "I don't have the right to ask you for things right now, Steve.  I've been a total prick over this whole Barnes thing. I'm sorry.  ...I'm gonna go down to the lab for a while, okay? I'll see you in the morning."  He leaned in and kissed Steve's forehead before getting up and going downstairs.
"And win wars," Steve cut in, talking breezily, still smiling now. It was strange, that an argument was cheering him up... but maybe he really did need to oppose things to feel accomplished sometimes. And arguing with Gideon felt a lot more productive than bickering with Donner over how he saw himself. That kind of change could only come with time.
"I'm hiding. This is me hiding. I don't leave the house alone anymore Tony, Christ...it's like I'm a... a kept woman, and it's driving me
"What do you think, Jarvis?"
Steve slowly stepped towards a huge window at the front of the room, peering outside for an answer. For someone. He saw nothing, not even one of Tony's elusive staff members, a 'garden artist' or whatever they were called.  Perhaps he'd imagined it.
"...I'm..."  Wait a second.  How could death come for him without even knowing his name?
"Are you sure?  I don't... I don't know how to talk to him."
"It's noon somewhere," said Tony.
"Got myself a fanclub, didn'tcha hear? Problem i,s not all of 'em are nice," Steve sighed, moving to lie down on the bed next to the phone. "I'm sorry that- I'm sorry about what SHIELD's doing."
"Your blood alcohol content is likely above a point two, sir.  Perhaps closer even to a point three."  JARVIS sounded about as impatient and concerned as an artificial program was capable of.
The soldier stared at him blankly.
But the receptionist was utterly unfazed.  "Hello," she greeted them cheerfully.
"You'd better not mess up my hair," said Tony, rubbing his arm.  "How long does this stuff take to kick in?"
going to sit here and let them fondly remember poor, sweet Bucky.
"Legal.  I love it.  Now shut up and pancake.  Steve. What song?"
Steve paused.
him!  I just- oh my God." He leaned his head in his hand. Did he tell Clint, or Natasha? Could they deal with this news right now? And like Phil said... Clint might not even want to hear it.
Vanko.
"Oh, I dunno... I wouldn't want it to get boring," said Tony casually.  He kissed Steve's neck again before slowly withdrawing his fingers.
"Hey!" Hal appeared with Lola at her side and patted Steve on the arm. "What the hell are you doing with those two?" she asked, tilting her head towards Joan who was following Maria up to the bar.
"Are you kidding me?  After what happened with Steve's last heat?  HYDRA knows he's vulnerable and they got that mutant who can get into his head, the one they call The Witch.  Her and some other kid are making their way toward you now."
"Needless to say, your work with SHIELD is over.  Even if you hadn't pulled that little Yemen stunt, the fact remains that an omega bonded to the assassin of an extremist fringe group is a liability we can't keep around.  No matter how pretty that omega is, or how much Fury enjoys having him around."
Tony looked down, not able to meet the laser-like focus of Steve's bright blue eyes.  "I'm happy when you're happy, too. It's like a happiness
"They shoulda left it in the ice where they found me," Steve breathed, words trembling with a kind of resentment. He was just so angry at SHIELD. He never thought he'd be battling old enemies in the new century.
Except he didn't.
Steve darted off, leaving Tony with DeSoto.  Tony, almost childishly, wanted to call after Steve not to leave him alone with DeSoto.  But his brain was in hyperdrive.
It was just the two of them in the quiet stillness of Steve's apartment.  Outside, rain was pattering softly.  The apartment smelled like Steve, and it was warm and comforting, so much more
They walked back down the wood stairs, stopping by the dining room to get cups of hot cocoa to take onto the back porch.
The female scientist that had handed over the syringes before snorted. "I doubt this 'book' can fix
"He sounds okay, right?" he asked JARVIS.   "He doesn't sound like I hurt him too bad or anything... I didn't wanna be so hard on him but... but he... he was just lying to me, JARVIS... the whole time.  He didn't care about me.  I needed to make sure he wouldn't come back.  He said... he said I was a shitty Alpha..."
"Are you avoiding going home?"
A moment later one of the police officers was grabbing Tony.
When he laid eyes on his home, though, the modern white mansion on the cliffside, he had a sudden urge to go back down to the shop and tinker.  He'd been away from Iron Man for so long, letting Steve drag them to this and that omega rights thing... and he still hadn't gotten the Mark VII up and working.  Not in any practical way, anyway.
Questions were for later.
"...okay," agreed Tony, even though none of Steve's words sat well with him.  Steve said he shouldn't be at his interview because everyone would be staring; well, of course they would.  Why wouldn't they?  Everyone stared at him; he was awesome.  He didn't want to leave Steve alone, strangers touching his abs.
Natasha appeared in the stairwell, just above them, stun gun aimed at Bucky's head. Her eyes were fiery. She looked ready to kill. The Winter Soldier was a terrifying man, capable of terrible things but she did not show a flicker of fear. Natasha stepped forward; she sneered back, lip curling up, when Bucky growled up at her.
Her brow furrowed and she put her hands together as if she were squeezing an invisible ball.  Cracks appeared over the door; a moment later, it shattered.
"Omega."
"Nest," he prompted Steve, nudging him with his knee.
"Classified," said one of the techs, tapping the crook of his arm to find a vein.
for what went down at the Expo.  We talked to Ellis directly and I don't think we're in any trouble..."
Donner shrugged non-noncommittally.  Clearly he thought Steve was dangerous.
Tony stood a little straighter and held up his hands, waiting for quiet; the crowd was still screaming questions but after a few moments, it died down, and everyone leaned forward expectantly.
The door was opened a crack and then quickly slammed shut but Steve didn't even notice. He didn't even care that someone had almost walked in. All that mattered was that was Tony inside of him, claiming him...exactly where he was supposed to be.
Steve didn't need to be told to be able to guess what it was about. He wasn't sure he really
"...has anyone ever talked to you about addressing these issues? The VA has a lot of good programs for veterans that you might want to look into. I brought some info--"
good at sucking Tony off. He knew what he liked, knew what tipped him over the edge and knew what teased him nice and slow and allowed Steve to drag it out.
Tony peeked at Steve from under the pillow.  "Well, I didn't think you'd just... give up," he said.  "You're Captain America. Normally you're annoyingly persistent, especially when it comes to getting me up in the morning."
Pietro pointed up, then added, "он пьян."
may have, but that's not me, obviously.  It's a shame
"Only down sixteen, actually," said Pepper grumpily.  "The Expo was a disaster.  A complete disaster.  But people like you, they like Iron Man, and now you've got Steve, so... it's not like it was two years ago. We're okay.  Frankly, the Expo was a sinkhole for our money anyway.  If it weren't such a public relations nightmare, it would've be awful, but we've got six confirmed causalities and obviously probably a dozen upcoming lawsuits, at least."
"Steve.  You're in pre-heat," said Tony.
Steve and Tony headed back into the hotel and the people at the reception desk gave them an enthusiastic welcome. Steve offered them a polite smile and a wave. They stepped into the elevator; it was empty.
"No cookies before bed," said Clint.
"...did you use a filter?  Jesus Christ."
Steve, in his undershirt, attracted more attention than he would normally be comfortable with.  Surprisingly, it was generally not negative. The omegas were fascinated by him, and even the older ones were curious; they wanted to know what it was like to be a tall omega, a strong omega, how his bond worked, if he could have or wanted children, what he was like before the serum, what it was like fighting a war.
It was a picture of them at dinner, probably taken less than half an hour ago. The angle it was taken at clearly showed that, though they had a bottle of wine and Tony's glass was filled, Steve's was untouched.
Steve's breath hitched as Bucky leaned down to nuzzle at his fingers. He traced his fingertips over Bucky's face slowly; his forehead, his nose, his cheek, his lips. As if somehow that solidify that he was real. "I wish you could remember," he whispered. Steve was beginning to feel emotional again. Seeing Bucky like this sent so many feelings and memories of his own rushing back. He was trembling with excitement; he was overwhelmed.  What were the goddamn chances that his best friend, like him, would be flung into the future?  That they'd find each other seventy years later like this?  It was like a fairy tale.
"I know we owe you," Steve huffed and ran a hand over his face. He sent Tony an apologetic look. "What do you need us to do?"
"Once again, thank you, Tony, but that lounge is..."  Pepper trailed off.
"How big is big?" Clint asked Phil as they strode across the room upstairs.
"So.  The spoils of war," said Pietro, sounding disgusted.
the Alpha.
"Yes."
"...Steve.  ...you're blushing," said Tony, starting to smile.  He gestured for Steve to sit with him on the bed. "...Steve," he said, his face resolving into a more serious expression.  "Listen, I... I don't want to pressure you, okay? For a while I want you to be in charge because I.... I don't understand bonding from your perspective, you know?  I don't want to rush you or anything like that."  He glanced down.  "It's different for Alphas.  We can kinda... ignore it, sort of.  ...I'm sorry I did that, though. I'm glad you're back."
A whip curled around his thigh. There was a violent tug; Steve twisted around, raising the shield to bring it down on his bindings, but a metal hand flew out, gripped the shield, and wrenched it from his grip, throwing it aside.
"Oh, really?  You're aware? You're aware that the World Security Council is probably going to end the Avengers' Initiative over this?  You're aware that, based on the psychologists' recommendation, you might be sent to a mental institution because we can't trust you won't try hurting yourself?  You're aware that, thanks to your mental breakdown over your mate's abandonment, you've threatened the jobs of every omega and every pair-bonded couple in the entire organization?  And that I've been awake for over seventy hours trying to minimize the damage you've caused, and that my insomnia is the only thing keeping Sam Wilson from being court-martialed, Agents Coulson and Barton fired, and Natasha Romanov executed for treason?  You know that Major General al-Ahmar of Yemen is threatening to declare war on us because your friends technically invaded his country and flew through a restricted airspace to get to you? You know that Ellis has been at the UN for the last twelve hours making apologies on your behalf, and you've completed discredited yourself to the press?  That's right, the press knows all about this. Kind of hard to keep under wraps that Captain America just surfaced for the first time in over a month and caused a massive international incident, all because his damned boyfriend left him."
Before he knew was he was doing, he raised his hand.
Bucky was staring at it with intense concentration, clearly trying to determine if this was a direct order and he should try some delicious Greek yogurt, or if it was an admonishment: Why
The brand was Prolot.  They were better than 727s but not by much.
"...but normally it's only a night, though," finished Hal.
"Yeah. Look. Those are the guards Steve took out," Sam nodded. "Maybe they just moved further down... or maybe--"
Tony decided in an instant he was done with the conversation and reached behind Steve's ear to press on his scent gland.
!  I didn't do anything, why's everyone always assume it's
He reached up to undo his bowtie.  Neither of them could tie Steve's.  So instead they'd match like this, look cool and casual.  Whatever.
"Can I go see the jennies?" he asked eagerly.
They were all sat at a plain Formica table. Natasha still had a HYDRA's soldier's blood flecked across her cheek bone, and Clint still looked woozy from having his mind melded by that witch. Fury was stood at the front, eye narrowing as he watched the CCTV they'd pulled from Moscow of Steve being captured. "You said you got footage from the cell?"
"Steve's a man."
His own phone had died that morning, and he'd been on Tony's.  Tony's phone saved everything.
"Okay...something tells me I'm not going to like what this is about."
"That was the waiter, Tony," said Pepper, sounding exhausted from arguing with him.
He let out a long, shaky groan of pleasure, melting into Steve's body, the tension slowly easing itself from his muscles.  The world came back to him slowly, in pieces; his hand was still gripping Steve's length; he had let go of Steve's neck, which was bleeding a little; body of them were drenched in sweat; the whole room was filled with orchids.
They both re-entered the kitchen, David saying his goodbyes before he slipped away.
"He completed his objective, what do you care?  Stark is dead, and you got your serum."
"Eh... I'll think about it," said Tony, who didn't feel like it was the time to tell Reed he wasn't allowed to leave the country.  "Flag down that waiter, I think he's got some sort of fancy shrimp thing, I want that." He turned to Steve. "Ten thousand a plate.  No pressure, but by my estimate, you'd need to eat over fifteen hundred shrimp for us to break even."
And Steve.  Steve was losing it. More than losing it; actually, he felt just about ready to have an angry cry. But he didn't want to do that in front of Pepper and Aria and Happy too. Maybe it was a little arrogant to expect Donner to be
"Mr. Stone.  Mr. Phil Coulson," Phil introduced himself, smoothing down his tie.  "It's an honor, I'm very much a supporter of Status Alliance. ...sorry for the mess, we're preparing for a party tomorrow..."
had a dream about you... funny how that happens, right?  ...how you doing? Coffee?  Tea?  ...I could use some coffee myself.  I'm not a morning guy.  You look kinda tired yourself."
Sure enough, Steve had gotten him roses.  Tony reached out slowly and touched the petals.  They were soft. He didn't know how to feel about this at all.
"His first mission was to keep an eye on Stark," said Fury, raising an eyebrow.
They hurried inside the lobby, which was three stories tall and boasted several elaborate fountains.  The man and girl were just disappearing down an escalator; Tony and Steve walked swiftly across the marble floor after them.
Stop saying he was murdered!  Oh my God!" Lola looked ready to throttle him.
? The case for hell was getting stronger...
"Want to find out what I can do?  Do you? Try me. I've got your brother and I've got nothing to lose," snarled Tiberius.
Outside, Tony was able to get to the Expo in less than a minute, land, and have the suit taken off.  (More like "pried off."  It had taken a few hits that had left components badly damaged; the gantry had struggled to remove the components, some of which were crumpled into each other.)
more casual than he actually felt.
.  Steve was being incredibly difficult.
Tony froze again, completely.  There were several seconds of silence.  Tony's body was trembling; his eyes brimmed with tears.
"Wait, no... Tony... Tony, you can't take a nap, it's eight-thirty in the morning... wait, you made a
He lowered his voice a little.  "I thought, maybe, since it was my birthday, you might, ah... wear the collar for a little bit?  Just around our rooms?" He gave Steve's hand a squeeze. He didn't want to make any demands, especially since earlier Steve had let him fuck him in the costume Tony knew he loathed... but he also recognized the power of a birthday to beg for sexual favors.  (Case in point: it was the only time of year he could wheedle Beth into anal, back when they were together.)
"No.  No, we don't, Rex was sterilized," said Richard succinctly, placing a hand on Rex's shoulder.  This sentence was delivering without any bite to it, but also without humor, and the rumor jovial attitude evaporated in an instant.
"...call off your drones.  You're putting people's lives in danger.  It's me you want, isn't it?" demanded Tony, one metal arm wrapping around Jack's neck. "Call them off.  Let everyone go."
"Yes, perfect, thank you."
Rhodey appeared behind him.  "Tony, I didn't know you knew Tiberius Stone."
"Tony, don't start," snarled Pepper.
Not that he was exactly hoping there were four more ex-pornstars in the other four rooms, but... well, it wouldn't be the worst thing he could imagine.
"...I mean, if you hate it, seriously, we can return it, donate the money to charity, whatever--" Tony was saying apologetically.  He was going to be damned if he told Steve how much he'd actually spent; the figure for both had been just under two million and he knew Steve would lose it if he found out.
"Dog tags!  Blue! Rejection!  Crying. Freight car.  Rusted. Longing. Homecoming.  Blood. Consent." His eyes snapped open suddenly; he sat bolt upright.
The voices were fading and he was pretty sure he was slipping out of the chair he was seated in, but he couldn't move.  He was frozen; it was the falling sensation one experiences right before falling asleep; even knowing he would embarrass Karpov in front of these people wasn't enough for him to regain control.  The lab was fading. Fading fast.
He was alone.
was a pretty good moniker for him.  In the thirties, before the serum, he'd often been called bratty and spoiled because he was so headstrong.  He'd tried to enlist a half-dozen times, status be damned, and been laughed away over and over.  Still, he'd persisted, often having an Alpha recruiter call a weary-looking Bucky to come and collect him, the 'troublemaking omega.'
"Athena."
Tony was aware, though, that Coulson was eyeing their hands, twisting together in Steve's lap.  And Tony couldn't help but feel a tinge of embarrassment at how hard he'd fallen after spending decades avoiding this very thing.
"Okay? Yeah, I'm more than okay, Tony," Steve assured him with a pleased hum. Because of the serum the evidence of their coupling rarely stayed around for long, even bruises or bites would fade. So for him it wasn't exactly a bad thing if he might feel it in the morning, it was almost a novelty. He wiggled against him as if to make a point before he slumped back down in the sheets, curling his arms under a pillow.
"You're bonded to Steve and as long as he's in heat, you're at risk," said Brazinski.  "In heat, people are more open, less inhibited... and yes, more vulnerable."
Four miles due west, Tony hissed softly and smacked his thigh.  "What the hell?"  Were there
He realised he'd been so lost in his own thoughts he'd stood still on the street. People were moving around him, giving him concerned and funny looks. Steve frowned. And then he saw a car turning the corner and he just... he just
"Speaking, sir."
Steve frowned when Tony mentioned missing alcohol. But then, Steve guessed, that meant he hadn't been drinking, which was a good thing, right?
For some reason those words bothered Steve. Like...what other option did he have? Maybe it his forties thinking screwing up his brain. But an omega couldn't risk a bond going wrong. An Alpha could get over it, bond again, but not an omega.  Once bonded, the back of an omega's neck was forever tainted by the scar of the bonding mark. And whilst his Alpha would be focusing on the feeling of his new mate, the omega would still feel  his old Alpha...it was a form of torture. No one wanted to go through it. Steve always thought that the serum made him the exception. That he had been freed from his bond but...but really, Bucky had just grown so distant. And Steve had done nothing. He hadn't been there for him. If anything he'd distanced himself too. It was embarrassing, really. Bucky was the only one who had seen him so needy, so
"He's probably going to be fine.  The serum... altered his body in a lot of ways.  He doesn't get sick and he heals so quickly.  I'm guessing he's immune to whatever you're carrying.  Well, even if he gets the virus, it's unlikely he'd ever experience a real outbreak.  But I personally wouldn't be chancing it.  Which is what you do every time you don't use a condom.  Haven't either of you talked to a doctor about any of this?  Are you just relying on his knowledge from the thirties' and your own drunken experience?"
She didn't reply after that. Steve tucked the phone against his chest. They were his best friends and he missed them terribly. Maybe he could get Sam to meet him there too. Steve knew he was in DC though; he would need a lot of warning. But it would be nice to have something to look forward to after the fundraiser-public apology-press conference.
"They code-named us Falcons," yelled Sam.  "Rescue paratroops. Me and Riley've been doing this for about fifteen years."
"Already on it," said Pepper, concentrating as she tied up the knot.  "...there. Okay. Now, listen. I'm not going to sugar-coat this. Steve, people love you but there's a lot of backlash from the more conservative side of things.  You caused a political crisis and frankly you're getting away with it, and being an omega, there's a lot of protests. So I want both of you to be aware that there's going to be protesters outside of Bonaventure and they're going to be saying a lot of nasty things and holding a lot of nasty signs.  Happy, Tom, Marco, Daston, Ido, and Bethany are your detail."
Pietro walked over, knocked on the door, and then let himself in.  Wanda was soaking luxuriously in a bath filled to the brim with bubbles, submerged up to her shoulders, her hair fanned out around her.  She opened her eyes and looked up at Pietro. Immediately she could tell something was wrong.
." His voice was whining and a little high pitched from the heat; his eyes were tearing up with emotion. He leaned his head against the suit's shoulder, eyes half drooping shut. Steve suddenly felt exhausted.
Although there was no paint between his legs, the back of his neck
me and I can be good and now that there's a baby, maybe-- maybe..."  He trailed off, his tone at the end defeated, and Steve could tell that he knew he was lying to himself.
