Blue phone: I’m not sure anybody has really liked me non-platonically for me since the serum except Peggy. I think even Melinda slept with me because I reminded Melinda of her dead friend. Better than just for the muscles, but not the self-esteem boost that I want.
I'm so sorry to hear about what happened. I'm sure that what they're saying in the media is wrong because you're a fighter. I also need it to be wrong because in just a couple of months you've managed to become another father figure for Peter and he needs that.
“I think I’m getting better. I did have to go through some training to become a counselor.” Steve realizes that maybe he should apply some of his training to his own life and have an actual conversation with May before he keeps panicking.
Apparently, I only need to sleep for two hours, which will be enough to override Wanda’s forced sleep requirement. Although if it’s an emergency, really, she should let it go. Ana is going to look into that.
Anthony love: So apparently there’s an even worse future out there. Cracked earth, inhuman slave trade, and humans on the brink of extinction, thanks to the Kree. Did you meet any Kree yesterday?
Thank you for the card. It was beautiful. You gave me some ideas for my next suit. I promise to take the card with me when I leave the hospital soon. Ms. Melinda is taking me somewhere where I can just hang out for a few days, but Yo-Yo promised to give you this note.
Me: Because I want to have a date with you. It wasn’t really that much more than what I mentioned last time. Let’s just say they planned for multiple contingencies, including somebody at the gala having an EpiPen and me making it to the ER. Although I’m sure they didn’t expect it to be the person next to me or my assistant injecting me so fast that nobody saw her do it
The Mechanic: Kudos on the Watchdogs being named a terrorist organization. Of course, President Ellis waited until after the results were in but since he’s never going to run for re-election, he can now actually make unpopular decisions. Maybe the next four years will be a little more tolerable. Less pandering to the hate-mongering demographic.
“Of course he did.” May rolled her eyes, wondering if the Philip AI was as prone to meddling as Friday was.
Red spider: She was still there and helped us kick alien ass. Bobby doesn’t want to see her ex-husband with his new “husband,” so she is moving on to the West Coast Avengers. Stark has a cover job there waiting for her, and Mack could use her. If things didn’t blow up, I was going to set you two up.
Tony: Remember when I told you about our new timeline refugee Laura from the good timeline. That Tony decided to get a child through science and made an LMD baby or rather teenager because New York State wouldn’t let him adopt either.
Steve is much happier being Nomad and isn’t going back to the old identity even if he’s no longer a fugitive. He misses his shield but doesn’t miss all the pressure that goes along with the shield. The paragon of virtue Captain America can't be gay (I hate "no bisexuals"), but Nomad can have a husband. It’s easier for Steve to find his place this way.
Me: You’re right, we’re probably going to have to have them come out at the office Christmas party but I’ll make sure the contract is ironclad by that point. Really, I’m just ready for the next chapter and I want to help bring you home to me.
“I want to try it as well. I was so happy when I saw you on that ship. I was terrified that I lost you too, and…” Steve stopped so he could wipe the tears starting to fall. He really doesn't want to be driving and crying, but he is.
“He didn’t need it curled up in your arms, either time. Look, he’s wrapping himself around the pillow, probably thinking that it’s you. I have pictures of Peter wrapped around you like that from yesterday, actually.” She pulled one up that showed Peter essentially groping Flash in his sleep.
Tony and Steve from the “we made bad choices and therefore the purple one won” timeline will be referred to as Steve May-Rogers and Tony Stark-Potts (or some variation of that) or Steve MR and Tony SP. Even though Tony SP and Pepper SP never got married, Tony added the Potts last name just to fuck with Howard from the grave. Let’s just say that Sharon never passed along Peggy’s bequeathment, so Tony Stark-Potts has even more daddy issues than Tony Stark-Rogers.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You’re all wonderful and definitely responded to Pepper’s comments in the last chapter. There will be more Pepper to come in upcoming chapters.
Me: Okay, I promise not to build more murder bots or do anything highly illegal, mostly because apparently I’m being forced to watch Chopping Mall too tonight, but I make no other promises. I still say virtual-reality sex is the way of the future.
Tony: Don’t suggest sleeping in Hunter’s room because I considered that but then found a bottle of KY just sitting on top of the bed, and nope.
“He’s probably doing it just to mess with them. Some things are universal,” Afia mumbled under breath.
Steve: Point. The food will be done cooking in 20 minutes. You can eat a sandwich, as I take care of the alcohol. I can move it up to the bar in the main living area.
Me: And Tumblr and Twitter along with Instagram. Flash’s video of Elizabeth punching Benjamin in the genitalia before transferring seems to be the most popular. It’s a mime now. I am still not happy that my boss just let it go.
Tony: A lot of mistakes were made. I’m sorry I accused you of fucking someone else when I found out you were pregnant. I said a lot of things to you that day that I shouldn’t have.
Me: Using my connections to get the president to put someone competent in charge of policing us. At least that’s where I’m planning to start anyway.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. We are still in the good timeline. Why? Because this was originally one big conversation, but it got long. So, I decided to split it. Besides, the perspective flipped, so I thought it would be best to break the chapter up.
Tony: Yes. The Director is still on the fence about taking advantage of certain technologies to completely heal himself. He kind of likes being an advocate for the disabled community. So he’s taking a moment to consider all the consequences.
Then Vienna happened-- OK the false flag operation to get the Winter Soldier out of the shadows happened. I'll just say that when Steve's friends are in trouble, he makes questionable judgment calls. I have no room to talk because so do I.
Anthony: I’m talking to you right now in case it really is a kidnapping. Although that probably isn’t the case since they told me to bring exercise attire.
“So where were we?” Tony asked just as he was about to kiss Steve again. However, Steve pulled away before he could.
Steve: Kamala could stay over and help. Your driver could take her back to campus in the morning. You still have a driver, right?
Me: But if you’re worried about how we interact as a couple, I can say that Stefan is a gentle little teddy bear. He is so afraid of bruising when we are together that he’s having me top. Eventually, I’ll convince Stefan that I am OK with sex bruises. I think I’m halfway there already.
“Should I tell Peter the truth about Germany and Siberia?” Steve heard Tony ask from beside him. He almost thought that Tony had finally fallen asleep after spending the last hour brainstorming out loud about places they can meet up. Apparently there were plans for Christmas in Malta in the works, he thinks. Steve knows Tony needs to fall asleep, but they really can’t stop talking to each other because they only have a few more hours together. He wants to make the most of it. Tony can sleep on the plane and Steve will crash after he gets to his new safe house. He has gone on less sleep before.
“Friday, could you continue explaining.” Steve prompted, otherwise they were going to get very sidetracked.
Tony Potts: This is my meeting. I would call my sponsor, but he’s probably busy with Pepper right now. So, I decided to call other Tony’s sponsor instead.
Me: Exactly, which is why I’m going to do whatever possible to protect my spider child until he’s ready for the world to know who he is beneath the mask. That means pissing off Jane Barnett. Which also means appeasing her somehow so she doesn’t completely ruin me because she’s that powerful
Genius Princess: Although if you’re reading this message, then that means that we’ve at least figured out how to send text messages to 2223 of the original James Leopold timeline. I’m going to see if I can push Deke’s mission report to you as an attachment. I have no idea if I will be successful.
Tony: Now I’m at the point where apparently I can’t go for hours without talking to you in some form. I’m going to be miserable now that I have to go back to talking to you every three or four days.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. Your words of encouragement keep me writing and coming up with great new ideas. You’re getting this chapter early because I will be at Awesome Con this weekend and I’m pretty sure I’m only going to see my house long enough to sleep, I think. Stan Lee will be there which will be fun.
Person my boss is in love with: Thank God. I was afraid I scared him off again. Please keep an eye on him and if he does something stupid like drink his weight in Scotch, let me know.
That’s when he explained the truth about AIDA and the framework, including being raped by the LMD. By the end of his story, she wanted to hug him. She also wanted to burn AIDA all over again.
He was thrown into this room before he could talk to her, to see if Simmons found Senator Nadeer’s inhuman brother before she had a chance to kill him. Leo felt like he needed to save him because of what he did to the man in the framework. It was the least he could do.
Me: Some would say that it would be the day that a certain scientist saw something great in me and gave me that gift that you don’t want me to mention by name, or finding out that James didn’t die during the incident.
Me: I’m not even surprised Spider Brat is having his friend hack into the suit. I’m kind of impressed.
Anthony: Still delicious. So once I'm done unpacking and going through the other important messages that I must respond to, we are going to schedule our Star Trek date. Friday will send you a time.
StarkAE: Okay, I‘m the first to admit that I have a lot of issues. But I‘m working on them. I don’t want to strangle Barnes anymore. I want to burn the last remnants of Hydra down to the ground, but most homicidal desires related to the Winter Soldier have been dealt with.
After that, Sam and Natasha left for a mission. They were still trying to track down the guy paying for the Watchdogs.
Me: Then it’s good that you’re going to have access to a state of the art lab with AI uplink to me. So I should probably tell you that the house in Malta is now in your name.
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline (for the U.S.): 1-800-273-8255 and http://suicidepreventionlifeline.org/#
This chapter was technically written in the "good timeline" but by a "bad timeline" refugee. A double bad timeline refugee at that. Poor Deke.
Me: No, she punched out the reporter because he had the audacity to ask her if she only used the EpiPen on Anthony because she didn’t want the company to lose their head of R&D. Slingshot had to use her super speed to keep it from being worse. Thank God nobody thought to slow down the YouTube footage before it was switched out.
Anthony love: I feel like that’s going to get me dragged to the nearest psychiatric hospital, and I don’t have time for mental health rehab right now.
Anthony: Honestly that's the best way for a newbie to watch everything because you can still get the 'Luke I am your father' punch. Also, I love you, but no to Episode I. I don't completely despise the prequels, but you can cover all the major plot points by watching the Weird Al music video parody which is more fun.
Tony: No, because we have to be up like at 4 AM to get on the private jet to Malta. I’m leaving this as soon as I can in good taste. Afia can hang out with Ned once we get back from Wakanda. She better be “resting” and fully packed when I get home.
She also sees Bruce on the platform, except he is now Hulk size and staring at her in complete bewilderment. The fact that he’s there at all surprises her because he hasn’t been seen since about two days after he and the rest of the Avengers crashed her old farmhouse back in April 2015. She was starting to believe that maybe this was 2023. This was all very weird. What the hell was going on?
Spoiler warning: There’s a line in this conversation inspired by the season for synapses of agents of SHIELD. I’m using it for the purpose of making a joke about it. There’s also a reference to the latest Steve Rogers Captain America comic book series because I needed to make a joke or two about that as well.
Me: That’s good. I think a lot of our issues, especially the Bucky related stuff you need to work out for yourself before we even tried to deal with it.
“I thought they were just making a battle of New York biography movie?” Steve asked slightly confused,
“Oh God, I hate this thing,” Tony said as soon as he read the next question. “Do you want to talk about our screwed-up childhoods? Because I don’t want to talk about our screwed-up childhoods. Your dad was an abusive piece of shit. My father was just not there because he was too busy with SI, shield, and everything else.” Along with whatever booze was on-premises, but he doesn’t have the energy to get into Howard’s alcoholism.
Love: By the ATCU which is really Shield which meant that Coulson would have your back, not the black ops part of the CIA that may or may not actually be CIA.
I’m planning for us to have shorter chapters again, which might mean weekly updates. I’m going to try at least.
Me: I don’t know. Anything would’ve been better than finding out by watching footage of the assassination. I’m never going to forget those images. Hydra is full of sick little fuckers.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all absolutely lovely. In celebration of homecoming being available for digital download, therefore giving me the ability to look at scenes again and not go by memory, you are getting an update today.
Anthony: I'm glad you see it. Maybe they’re hoping that things will be better in the future. Star Trek is supposed to be about the hope that we can transcend our own prejudice and become better. That we can find peace amongst ourselves and appreciate the differences of others. I legitimately think that they’re going for a one true threesome 99% of the time. But most people don't see it because the big damn hero usually has to be straight.
Red phone: But I'm still going to go even though I know this is just another interrogation session, this time with someone with a PhD. I’m planning to regale him or her with a story about giving my Cuddle Bunny a sponge bath post car accident recovery. Every time I start talking about sex, they shut down the sessions. It’s been fun talking with them.
Tony: Unfortunately, Senator Hateful is making this place worse by the moment, which I didn’t even think was possible. Thank Thor, most of her colleagues still think her proposals are too extreme.
The Mechanic: So I have five minutes before the Princess expects me in the lab. Please tell me that Steve is holding it together with the BFF? I knew we should’ve brought Suarez.
Blue phone: I’m not sure if I loved Arnie either. Maybe I did or maybe I wasn’t ready. I don’t know now.
Tony Potts: I'm just going to assume that you don't type your kids' names in these messages.  I am surprised you are so close to other me. I never actually talked to you again after you so graciously allowed us to hide in your house that time I made murder bots. I think I sent you a chocolate gift basket, though.
CoulsonPJ: They’re not all the same groups. The deputy director is sad because he really wants the shield himself. I think he may have cried a little when he realized that you actually took it with you.
Nomad: She interviewed me for the investigation. Your Dr. Monkey Lover gave her my emergency contact information.
“We will schedule it for immediately after when we get you back home.” When we get Deke back, Tony thought in his head. “As soon as I figure out what the hell she was trying to do. Because it wasn’t what I was trying to do. Monolith particles were involved, I think.”
Counselor Laura: This is our second separation. Third, if you count when he sent me divorce papers when he went to go after Ross. I’m willing to tell you about it eventually as long as you don’t keep avoiding me. But not right now; I have a Stark to diffuse.
Anthony: I consider it a good thing. Unfortunately, the bulletproof pacifist has decided that Avengering is not for him. Joey is willing to be on standby in the event of another alien invasion, but he doesn’t want to go out there looking for trouble.
You probably resent me because if I was not around then Tony and Pepper would have found their way back to each other or at least you feel like it would play that way. But deep down, I think you know that the relationship was not this perfect ideal that you have in your head. It never was. And I don’t think my presence changes that. Maybe it was just a catalyst to make the explosion happen sooner rather than later.
Blue phone: Your ‘birthday present’ arrived two hours ago, but I haven’t had time to test it out. You really didn’t have to put it in happy birthday paper.
Counselor Laura from 2023: So, in this timeline, Tony and Steve never worked through their mountain of bullshit. Because of that, Tony and Pepper somehow ended up getting engaged. When Thanos snapped his fingers and wiped out you and me, he restored Tony's sperm count. Which is how he got Morgan. We might go visit her soon to give Pepper and Hunter a break. BTW Hunter is Tony’s nanny.
Girl Friday: Hey, Dad, where are you? Did you sneak back down to your office here or the lab? You need to sleep. I know we’re now in active apocalypse mode, but sleep is essential. You make bad decisions when you are sleep deprived.
“Of course he set that up.” Tony sighed, but he's kind of happy that his friend was that protective.
"We need to leave in 20 minutes for your business brunch followed by a few interviews." She said passing him a bag of pastries.
Captain Tight Pants: She’s not my girlfriend. We’ve talked about this multiple times. You don’t need to be jealous of Sharon.
Anthony love: Oh, apparently, they were in our timeline to figure out if they can gather all the stones throughout history to undo the fact that Thanos won in their timeline. So apparently in at least one timeline, Robin was right, and we may all be fucked.
Anthony: Is that your mom looking after a little boy who I think is you in picture number three? Were you really that small?
“Obviously, you heard me dictating that text message this morning. I got dragged out of the closet, so I don’t really know how to have the normal conversation. And apparently, Howard knew before I did. Of course, instead of talking to me, he had Aunt Peggy do it. Then I was introduced to Captain America secret queer icon. Okay, that definitely helped my self-esteem.”
Tony: Or bored teenagers in the basement are hacking on to this feed. I think she may have eloped with the android formally known as Jarvis. He’d left after the last mission.
Anthony: You’re doing a really good job without knowing those things. So apparently you’re afraid of fantasies not living up to reality and since I’m a 46-year-old recovering from a heart condition, reality is probably going to be harsh. Also, I’m a bit of a Bastard.
Tony: I now know about his abusive alcoholic father and a half-sister in Nevada. BTW she didn’t survive the decimation.
Me: He also told me to tell you that he’ll meet you in New York to switch back. You should make sure that your part of the group meeting the Princess. He will be coming back with the delegation.
I heard you’re doing better. That your mind is your own again and you have no idea how happy I am that that’s the case. My boyfriend has been in contact with your team and I’m told that I might be able to visit soon. I’m looking forward to that. It might just be me. He has some things he needs to work through.
Me: Baby Bear, I haven’t bought the ‘Wakanda is a Third World country’ charade since I saw his suit months ago. I recognize superior tech when I see it. See, I’m not a total narcissist.
D Fitzsimmons: Not at all. I wanted to go to my boss alone to ask her if she was willing to convince Stark to work on the project with us. Instead, May and her husband, Captain Rogers, went. According to Pepper and May, that went badly. Both said something about pigheaded morons in love.
Cuddle Bunny: That in itself is an example of you not always take the easy way out. The easy way would have been you getting completely loaded right now.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: I miss you too. But I’ll be home on January 1. We can hang out then. Before you know it, the new semester will have begun, and I'll be at Midtown with you all day.
Tony: I would really hate for Robin’s prediction of becoming Morgan’s sister to come true because you and Mrs. May-Rogers got lost in the stream of time. The kids have already lost enough parents, and Morgan is only as good as she is because of Pepper. I’m an absolute mess.
Chief mechanic: Of course, you have to take some meetings with various heads of state, Mr. Deputy Secretary Of State.
Red phone: So if I convince the head of R&D to take a six-month sabbatical to work on clean energy development and water security in sub- Sahara Africa, that's just me trying to make things better.
Me: It shouldn’t be hard, but you know this president. Also, the guy at the ATCU is going to have to be someone who is comfortable being just a figurehead. As long as it’s not the homeland security woman or the general with the creepy daughter, I think we’ll all be okay. Actually, I wonder if that’s what the president is going to talk about tomorrow, because I doubt he’s going to actually apologize. He probably wants me to provide him possible candidates and unfortunately my number one candidate is still on the run. And Simmons definitely won’t do it.
I think she would’ve been really disappointed about Siberia. She wouldn't want me to keep hating you. She would want me to try to make amends, especially considering the fact that, unlike the other guy, you were acting under duress.
“I trust Tony with my daughter. There’s not a lot of people around that I would, but he’s top of the list.” Steve tells her.
“On the bright side, Evans took on a bunch of homophobic assholes for us. He also said he would be totally up to playing my boyfriend in the Avenger anthology. That’s a weird thing to say, considering he’s already cast to play you... Fuck, he knows. Dammit." Tony said as everything clicked.
Anthony: His Girl Friday was one of her favorite movies. She watched it all the time. One of the nice things about being rich is that we had a home movie theater long before DVDs and even VHS was a thing.
Pepper pot: I’m an expert at this point in deciphering the drunk ramblings of a genius inventor. It’s been a couple years, but I might be able to help. You could have Friday send them to me.
Tony: Me too. However, Afia gave me one in the car before I dropped her off at Midtown. She says it’s one of her responsibilities as my kid. She also made me promise not to curse Hydra and Obadiah in the middle of my speech as well as put Mary and Pepper in charge of making sure I didn’t do that. Afia is now Pepper’s favorite.
Me: Find another activity because apparently, you don’t like me making snarky comments while you’re watching.
Also, Clint is purposely using the wrong names for his wife and children in these text messages in case they are intercepted. (Okay, my voice recognition software did it accidentally during the first Clint interlude, but I decided to use it.)
Counselor Laura: The asshole responsible for the nonconsensual sex tape? Please tell me he was one of the people that were dusted.
Counselor Laura: As I mentioned earlier, Simmons has spent most of her time in the framework, probably because she doesn’t want to answer questions.
Me: Putting Spidey Junior and Lily bear down for a nap because seven and eight-year-olds need to rest after consuming that much sugar and running around. However, they fell asleep on top of me, which gives me the perfect opportunity to have a long conversation with you.
Pepper pot: They can always be rebuilt. You managed to get back on speaking terms with me before Morgan was born. Which you now apparently believe happened because Thanos didn’t want you to help undo his master plan.
Me: He wanted to nominate me for Secretary of State. If you say anybody would be a step up from Ross, I will hurt you.
"OK, we have 45 minutes before we get to the Lighthouse. So, I say we eat something while I contact platypus and Carter Junior.”
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. This is going to be a little different, but it will make sense in the end. The following are excerpts from Tony’s therapy journal written over the last 2 1/2 months starting from oldest (which was written about the time Laura began functioning as Tony’s counselor, but before he knows where Bucky really is) to newest (written about an hour after the last chapter).
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are so wonderful. Your reviews keep me happy and writing.
Anthony: Once the renovations were complete, it was a different space, complete with the windows being removed. Even then, Jarvis never walked into that room again. I don’t even think we ever ate dinner in there again. According to the reports, Jarvis was there when it happened. She died in his arms.
Nomad: Yes, I got your email. It was adorable. I’ll give it to Clint next time I see him. I understand Tony. Protecting people comes first. I know you want to work things out with Pepper.
Tony: No. But I also didn’t think he would put the Avenger’s toy chest at risk via temper tantrum. So here we are.
Me: Also New York was a team effort so you get taking down Red Skull’s evil scheme. Still quite an accomplishment.
All the twitter names in this chapter were fake (I hope) except for the official Tony Stark account because I actually used the official Tony Stark account for that one.
Nomad: Using Tranquilizer knock out darts on me was also not cool. I don’t like the thought of you being hurt and alone and I may have reacted accordingly.
“Yes, but I’m not always the biggest fan of cheese sticks and orange slices. That was all she wanted to eat for like two weeks back in July.”
“Actually, Morgan is Tony and Pepper’s biological child. Tony called her his miracle baby.” A miracle would be right, considering her Tony was extremely sterile. Although this Steve probably doesn’t know that because his relationship with Tony probably never included talking about his fertility issues.
“I’m fine. What’s going on?” Laura asked, but nobody answers her. Everybody’s attention is focused on May and Simmons.
SimmonsJA: Psychiatrist, which means medical school and a rotation. However, it was not me, but Dr. Cline who made the original orders and she actually does have an M.D. as well.
“I feel stupid for not realizing you guys were not together for the last five years. I should’ve seen it.” Steve was currently sporting his wounded puppy dog expression.
“Because he takes the safety of his kids very seriously. It’s also something that has happened after South Africa which was the last time he could speak to you in person. They had to be moved again after their last safe house was attacked by the watchdogs again.”
Tony: Especially when you're a little kid. I never questioned the light bulb thing. Although knowing the truth in hindsight, I understand why I was shipped off to boarding school. If I was in the same situation, I would send Morgan away. I already have. She's with Pepper in Manhattan while we are working on Operation Keep Away. Laura and I are even trying to come up with a way to bring all the kids from her timeline here just in case the purple one still wins so they won’t get snapped.
Warning: This chapter does have some references to information that we discovered in WandaVision. Of course, it's been twisted for this timeline.
Monkey lover 2: That wouldn’t be the worst thing. Maybe I should talk to Dr. Suarez. Sometimes I think this is all an hallucination.
Chief mechanic: He managed to accidentally go through a portal in space. He ended up getting captured and becoming a gladiator for about three years. Somehow Thor and his brother ended up there. The notes are really sketchy after that. I guess that goes on the list of things to ask about.
Football Hunter: She should be arriving with the preschooler whose scribbles predict the future a few minutes after I leave with the rocks that eat people to drop it off in whatever secure, undisclosed location you and your friend, the Princess, managed to find. Which is good because I really don’t want to see or speak with the hypocrite right now. Or possibly ever again. The hate sex is not even that good anymore.
Jemma: The idiot just assumed that he was overriding the timeline and didn’t even bother to check. I checked.
Now Tony has been through enough uncomfortable business lunches, breakfasts, and dinners to know how to get through any type of meal with people who completely hate him without it disintegrating into complete and other chaos. So, he’s sure he can get through this. Especially when he’s almost sure only Romanoff actually hates him. And even then, sometimes he wonders if it’s just a strong dislike.
Me: Tell her thank you, once it’s a reasonable time in DC. Also, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize it was that late.  I would just feel better if I could talk to her. I’m a little restless.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: We walked in on Iron dad performing fellatio on Cap Dad in the home theater. Peter says he hasn’t been this embarrassed since his aunt tried to tell him about Liv from college after she walked in on the two of you with Peter’s shirt off. He said no child wants to know anything about their parental figures sex lives.
Venom: Okay, I pushed him away, then I called you after I got a lyft to the airport. Allegedly that’s why he fucked around with someone else despite sending apology flowers. Apparently, the hooking up with someone else was happening long before Valentine’s Day, and I’m an idiot for not noticing.
Anthony: Also, you do have a thing for older women and men for that matter. Of course, neither I nor Agent America look our age, but still. Then again, neither do you.
Me: Okay, get a hold of the doctor and activate the Coulson Protocol for the suit. Just let Spidey think that he hacked it.
“I am not surprised. We should probably avoid water due to both of our issues. I haven’t tried restraints since Afghanistan because that wasn’t something Pepper Pot was into, so I don’t know if I could do it or not. And I have too many daddy issues for that type of role-play. Although, most other scenarios are still a possibility but no costumes because daddy issues and I sort of walked into his kink closet when I was four and I am still a little disturbed by it.”
Tony: Sitting in my car as Sasha, my new chauffeur, drives us to Manhattan while Yo-Yo tries to schedule a midweek booty call with tall, dark, and axe wielding before Agent Mack begins scouring the world for wayward Inhumans in the Helicarrier Jr.
Me: Agreed. You can’t change what happened, you can only move on from it. Now that you know, what are you going to do?
Director Snookums: Yes, you have, several times. Mostly when drunk. I’m pretty sure you’ve been in love with him since footage of him being carried on a gurney out of the Potomac made you throw up.
Tony: Shit! I didn't mean to send that part. Sorry. I haven’t slept in like 24 hours. You know I send weird text messages when I don’t sleep.
Blue phone: It was covered in the welcome package that Agent Coulson prepared for me when I first woke up.
Tony: Besides, I’m kind of curious to know what you’re thinking. So here is question 2: Would you like to be famous? In what way?
Me: I will joke about anything but not all the time. Also you’re aware that humor is my number one defense mechanism after being a total asshole.
Me: This also means you and me will have to stay on separate teams, even when the Secret Avengers get fold it back in with the rest of us.
Tony: Well, I will have some late-night reading when the kids are sleeping, and May has her little chat with you. That is if you'll come along?
Hunter: Yes, more than once. I don’t know why he’s freaking out. I don’t think he’s a bad person to have as a step grandkid. I like him.
Although, I’m ecstatic that Hydra Lullaby got something really right. At the same time, I’m upset that’s the thing Hydra Lullaby got right. I won’t say what that is due to my 30-day spoiler rule. It’s been so long since we’ve had anything Marvel to talk about in the comments. However, feel free to PM me on fanfiction.net.
Me: Talk to your James. He’s your best friend and you shouldn’t keep this from him. Also telling him doesn’t necessarily mean the end of the project. There might be a way to keep the research going.
Tony Potts: Possibly, but I feel like Steve won’t let me. He actually stayed close to me in the one-stop when I may have started going a little too close to the little bottles of wine.
Purple Arrow: You already mentioned that most of the notes are missing, and what you do have is not understandable. Really Stark can’t understand it?
Agent L. Barton: Because if we just undo the snap, it will be chaos. You can’t just bring back 4 billion people and have it be okay. Infrastructure needs to be created or rather re-created because it’s obvious that society has started contracting.
Although it may be tempting to mention you have a boyfriend, the next time the reporters camp out in front of our house, I won’t say anything. Your secret’s safe with me. Although I am old enough to remember that Tony Stark gay sex tape scandal, so I’m not that surprised.
“It’s currently being leased to the federal government for the temporary headquarters of the ATCU. Your other self lives in Queens though in a townhouse.”, the AI answered, and Steve found he liked the idea of Tony living in Queens.
Venom: Look, this is one of those situations where if the guy you want can’t be with you, you want him to be with the best person possible. In this case, that’s MJ. Of course, this meant me dating the idiot to get over you, which was a mistake.
Steve: Flint was the name of the Inhuman that put the White monolith back together in the alternate 2091 that allowed everybody to come back.
Ana Jr: Not yet. I will ask him to do so once he returns from breakfast and his tour of the facilities with Simmons this morning.
Nomad: You were in shock. Just reacting. If you had six months to deal with the news, maybe Siberia would not have happened the way it did.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. I’m glad you’re so happy that they are physically together right now, mostly. (Although, a lot of you are a little sad it’s not that physical.)
Steve: I'll come with you to Manhattan. However, May is going to stay here. She doesn't want to leave Simmons unsupervised.
Tony: I was mostly joking. I think you could beat her better than I could. I almost destroyed the world by creating murder bots. It’s hard to come back from that. Also, I have a boyfriend. Which some people find more offensive than making the killer robots.
The Mechanic: BTW we don’t use actual names of the under age or any of the Avengers on this frequency even if it’s encrypted. Your nephew’s call sign is Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider, TMNS or Benjamin if we are using civilian-ish names. I added a filter after Benjamin slipped a couple of days ago.
“Okay now I really have to shower. Although I probably should let you use it first. Tony said letting go."
Tony: Yes. The last time I dealt with arguments like this from a government official, he turned out to be Hydra.
It doesn’t take away the guilt either. I kept valuable intel away from Tony about what Hydra did to his parents. That information was used against him by an enemy who wanted to tear the Avengers apart because we couldn’t save his family. If Tony had that information, he couldn’t have been manipulated the way that he was. On a more personal note, maybe if I’d told him about Hydra’s involvement earlier he would not have felt so betrayed. Playing the what-if game works for no one.
Anthony: I think so. Mostly. Thankfully, it is your portfolio. I’m sure you’re happy that the Brooklyn Bridge has barely changed in the last 70 years. There’s a lot of that in here.
Tony: And Peter. May doesn’t know that yet, Aunt May that is. I thought about naming Lily as well but that would be unfair to the other siblings. Instead, they just get trust funds like Wanda.
Steve: Hey, I thought I would just check in to see how Robin is doing. Thank you for letting her stay there for a few days. She always says that you make homework fun for her.
Steve: Although I would like to know how the other us worked through their problems. It couldn't just be as simple as actually talking to each other?
Hunter: How did you even find out? Friday’s said that they were purposely keeping the truth about Fitz a secret.
Venom: I hope so. I’m currently bringing MJ ice cream because she started crying about Daisy again. I would give her hot chocolate, but we were out.
I understand why you've been angry. I should have eased you into the fact Agent Agent’s team knows who you are. I know that you're scared, but the guy in charge now is my best friend and his real number two almost died saving the world. (And I think Jeffrey wants to save the world through PR if nothing else because apparently, that’s what Brooklyn boys do.) They're good people and they just want to protect you.
Person that cares about my boss: I’m not going to ask you how you made another Shield contact. I think it’s best that I don’t know.
Me: You are working your way through a list of random food items? Yesterday, marshmallows, today cookies.
During New York, he went up against the bad guy by himself because he knew he needed to do it. Okay, me and Steve were in the middle of a pissing contest because we were being mind-fucked by alien tech. Coulson died that day. He got better, but his heart stopped for a while. Then years later, he lost a hand saving his entire team. No powers, no suit, just him. It’s not the suit, it’s what’s inside you. When you become Phil Coulson, then you’re ready for the suit.
"And you are in treatment. They shouldn’t use that against you.” Steve said with a frown. Tony responded by leaning over to kiss him again.
Me: The fight was over by that point. And I think we would’ve only been called in if they couldn’t have solved it with the enhanced people that they already had.
Anthony: 52. Although watching this kind of makes me want to go straight to the bar, but that sort of thing will mess up with my new medication. They just put me on a mild antidepressant.
Morgan’s dad: Ain’t that the truth. Thankfully for us, the other Avengers are better at cooperation. Laura says it’s the group therapy.
Me: Exactly. Also Ross made the mistake of employing some of Sharon’s ex-teammates in his operation now that the agency soon to be new Shield is no longer under his thumb.
“I question the again part of that question because I don’t know if we were really close friends, to begin with. I think we were keeping things from each other. But I want us to get there this time around. That’s what I want to tell you. Which is why I finally told you about Pepper yesterday.”
"Me as well." And not just because he got to train with it a little bit when Tony was in one of his many meetings yesterday. Was it just yesterday? It felt like days have gone by instead of just hours.
“Neither one of you is broken. Also, Dr. Leopold isn’t trying to change his past. That’s not possible, he’s trying to change our future. He still has to deal with his own ghosts,” Shuri explained.
Steve’s current designation on his non-avenger line is cuddle fiancé. Aren’t they so adorable? Also, I seriously wonder if they should contact each other on the Avenger line, but they can’t flirt on the Avenger line.
Stephen C: Yes. Especially, because Tony told the entire world that I’m her stepdad. It was really weird pretending to be married to their college friend.
“It’s more like I wish it didn’t hurt her. Besides, I know that she just draws possible futures, and things change. I try not to read too much into it. It’s better not knowing.” Steve remarked.
“My dad left us and moved to Nevada, so DNA has very little to do with it,” Steve remarked darkly. Tony wished he knew about Steve’s daddy issues a long time ago. It could’ve been a bonding moment.
Me: Not since she threw me into a wall. Although it is nice to now know that Skye-quake’s real name is Daisy.
Girl Friday: BTW, so lovely of you to finally text me back almost an hour after the first message. Where are you? Ana won’t tell me.
Tony: Ana 2018 sent me a picture of my less idiotic self kissing Steve in the Rose Garden. I only feel like crying a little.
Nomad: Yes, and I think I was smaller. I’m mostly going by memory. I don’t actually have any pictures of my mom. None of my photographs managed to get back to me. There also was nothing in the Smithsonian on or even in the history books.
Me: Okay, that was too much to handle with only having five hours of sleep in the last three days. But whatever.
Me: The most popular theory is that Mrs. Windom-West holds the same very anti inhuman beliefs as her spouse and did not want to be part of a charity that actually supports inhuman rights. Instead of resigning like a sane person, she believed that my demise would keep that from happening. Or maybe that was what her husband thought. They’re still trying to figure that part out.
Tosha: And no, Laura doesn’t have her own water bottle full of alcohol. Unlike the Laura of this timeline, she didn’t relapse while we were on the run.
"Every good spy has a least three." She joked, sort of. Melinda’s face rarely changed expressions so it’s hard to tell.
Red phone: I’m enjoying the fact that you’re okay with me trolling them like this. Friday is currently sending them a nice little conversation about me sucking you off against the nearest wall.
All material has been adapted from Marvel comics/Marvel Studio/Marvel Entertainment, a subsidiary of the Walt Disney Corporation and used without permission under fair use guidelines. No profit was made.
“I want Robin's prediction of Morgan being her sister to become true, so that means you can't be a rebound. I want more than that."
Anthony: Now Steve Rogers has a wall in my bedroom filled with nudes, most of which he did himself. Some of which were from your Tijuana Bible phase.
“The Palladium poisoning incident?” Steve asked. Thank God he didn’t ask about Afghanistan. It’s been nearly 15 years, and he still can’t really talk about what happened there.
“Basically, after you manage to get your loved ones and pets out of the house, if you had time to go back and get one more thing, what would that thing be? I feel like this question was written before everyone found out how Jack died on This Is Us." Tony joked.
“There have been a lot of reports of Nomad hunting down terrorist cells and similar organizations that hurt little children. That’s what I need you to help me with. I’m sure Tony told you what happened to Kamala of Jersey City.”
Transcribed message from May Parker Riley: You fucking asshole. Why the fuck did you not tell me that my kid has superpowers? Oh my God… You took him to Germany. Germany! What the actual fuck were you thinking? I should have you arrested for kidnapping, you arrogant son of a bitch. Peter Benjamin Parker, give me back that phone right now. You are so grounded…
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: Yes, we’re going to go watch a movie in the theater room. Because it’s Mr. Stark, we already have access to Rogue One, even though it just came out in theaters.
“I wouldn’t be going through these ridiculous questions with you if I didn’t want to fix things. I know answering these 36 questions isn’t going to fix everything, but…”
Pepper pot: It would probably be best to avoid that. Robin keeps saying that they're going to end up sisters someday. Which makes sense because it happened in another timeline, sort of.
Friday: Spidey’s aunt is now aware of his extracurricular activities. You also have an angry message from her currently in your voicemail.
Me: Although there may have been an incident with a vintage Captain America Tijuana Bible sometime in early puberty.
Tony: Due to the red here most of the office is calling her Pepper 2.0. She doesn’t have the super speed of Yo-Yo but she has other special skills like getting me to social gatherings early.
“He’s wearing his super noise-canceling headphones so he could sleep in the middle of the day. Which was the only reason why we were able to get dressed without waking him up.”
Me: So in addition to making sure some sunflower was in every single entrée for the dinner, she was also caught moving money from the foundation to various banks in Russia. The same banks that have ties to the Watchdogs.
Morgan’s dad: Not our network, but she oversees Laura’s network. In what year is this Ana situated in?
Genius Princess 2018: Why didn’t I think of that. That could work. It also would help with their mission to complete the gauntlet to undo the purple one’s previous damage.
“She’s going to come up after our meeting with the other timeline. She just wanted to go over the Shield reports first.” That makes sense.
Chief Mechanic: Anyway, Simmons did not handle Leo's apparent death very well or apparently at all, according to Daisy's log entries before the snap. She was in denial about it. She kept saying that as soon as they were done, they would go and get the Fitz in space, and everything would be fine. Especially when she found out about the grandkid.
Anthony: Well obviously you two have kissed and made up after the tranquilizer/jaw breaking incident.
Now I feel like I need to apologize for all the times I showed up with armor full of bullet holes or almost died on you. It really sucks from this side. I’m scared and worried and not sure how to quite deal with it. So again sorry for everything I put you through. I am completely aware I was a shit boyfriend. Seriously, you’re too good for everyone.
Image 1: Steve’s drawling of Tony in a vast with his Captain America mug working with his hollow projector. Yes, Tony really has that mug.
Counselor Laura: So other Tony did not trust Ross one little bit. He covered up your communication with Steve by having Friday cover up the messages with essentially porn.
These last few months I've gotten to know Tony better than I did in all the years previously. Maybe that was because I was only seeing the public persona and rarely got glimpses of the real Tony underneath. Now I'm seeing the person that you've seen for all these years and that's the person that I love. I love public Tony too because maybe now I understand why Tony hides behind it when necessary.
More details will come out in the next chapter. I’m also working on a code name cheat sheet of sorts. It’s off for proofreading. I’m debating if I am going to post it as a separate story on A3O or just throw it into the main story because it sort of has some plot points included since I wrote it from the perspective of our favorite Princess. Let me know your preference.
Red phone: Because it happened. I accidentally proved to Pepper that her decision to move on from me permanently is the right one due to the fact that this isn’t going to work. We can’t give each other what we need. Mostly, because what she needs from me is to not be a superhero anymore. She just doesn’t get that this is who I am.
Red phone: I survived my latest visit with the ATCU with minimal psychological damage and then I took a 20-hour nap.
Me: And packing. Mostly packing. It’s hard to rebuild his image considering everything he’s done. And I say this as somebody who’s bounced back from murder bots.
“Not this time sweetie. I’m really regretting staying up until 3 AM.” He told his half sleeping boyfriend as he bent down to kiss him gently.
I’m not seeing Ant-Man and the Wasp until tomorrow and thanks to being somewhere without Internet for a couple of days, I managed to avoid heavy spoilers. I have no idea how it affects continuity yet, but again, the 30 day moratorium on spoilers is still in effect for that movie.
So, I’m meeting with President Ellis on the 16th and then staying in DC until Friday night. I’m sure you’re going to have to schedule and a few other things, but please leave me time for a lunch or dinner with Platypus and Monkey Lover. Also, Thanksgiving in Malta is not happening due to me having to spend extra time away due to the Mumbai fiasco.
“Yes, the Quinjet I design that was supposed to be Shield proof and yet, the Princess made it so I couldn’t track you.” Tony pouted at him.
The Mechanic: Also, the boyfriend just reminded me that Pierce also went through multiple confirmation hearings. I’m starting to lose faith in the confirmation process if people like that can get through.
I’m sad about losing Thanksgiving in Malta but Christmas in Malta is going to be a thing. I would invite you, but you’re probably not ready for that yet. However, I’m going to be doing a Thanksgiving spectacular at the Avenger compound. Spidey Junior and mom are moving in and Ms. Marvelous family and Joey will also be there possibly with the boyfriend. Some of the DC crew may come too, apocalypse willing.
Just a quick note, I’m going to have to go out of town for a family emergency for a couple of weeks. If I can finalize the next chapter before I travel I am going to post tomorrow. After that I will not be updating until I get back. However, we have so many chapters to get through before Endgame comes out, so I probably will just post a few chapters closer together to make up for weekends when I cannot post. The story is done, it’s just going through proofreading and polishing right now. Also, I apologize if I’m not able to respond to your comments personally. I really do enjoy all of your comments.
Me: Mostly for doing it just after Peggy's funeral. And I didn’t sleep with Jackie. I’m not that big of a slut.
Me: Actually, it is an old identity. Patches is always 90 steps ahead and had all of Fitz’s inventions patent under that name as well as any scientific journal articles and there are dozens. His degrees are also under that identity. I have wanted James F. Leopold at SI for years before I even knew he was actually Dr. Monkey lover. But he wouldn’t leave Shield even after the implosion. He was too loyal to Agent.
Stephen C: You should. You almost died with him not knowing the truth. He should know that you love him. You shouldn’t go to your grave holding that secret.
“I like that possibility. Although in regards to question 19, there was a time I thought I was not going to live much longer.” Tony told him.
Genius Princess 2018: That seems in alignment with Leo and Deke’s theories regarding how these messages will travel to you.
It's probably best that you're not watching TV. They're saying lots of things that aren't true because Uncle Tony is a celebrity and they feel like they can just make stuff up about us. I’m pretty sure most of what they are saying is not true because your mom gave me your letter in hard copy instead of giving me access to my phone. This makes me sad because I really want to talk to Mister Rogers and you too. Also, my intern may be literally climbing the walls at this point. Someone needs to talk him down. Mr. Rogers probably needs to talk to me too especially if he is hitting your dad. Remember we use our words.
Red phone: I get it. I keep a bottle of Maria's perfume. If I have trouble sleeping, I may spray it on my pillow. That seems so weird.
Pepper pot: So, for planning purposes, are you going to be staying at the compound overnight again? I want to know if I should have Hunter bring the kids into the city.
Tony: So I assume that you have safely checked out of the hotel by this point and are on your way to undisclosed location number 623?
From the title, I’m sure you realize that we are close to the meet up. I know I’ve been dragging it out for a while, but we’re almost there.
Anthony: Things are better. Apparently, finding out that my pseudo-mother figure was gunned down by (most likely) Hydra contractors and her killer was not brought to justice due to corruption of the government made me seem like a less of a rich asshole to her.
Tony: So awful. They’re even breaking out the unflattering pictures of her in sweatpants. I’m going to invent something that makes it so their SD cartridges are destroyed when they tried to take pictures of us from the balcony across the way. I feel like I’m going to need to do something big to distract them.
“No, but there is an Italian boy,” Steve said as he began to unbutton Tony’s pants. “And I just have this feeling he would look really good covered in chocolate body paint. He owes me for sending out that letter before I could at least correct some typos.”
D FitzSimmons: Hey, it's me, your only grandkid. I am safe in 2018-- not your 2018 but a 2018. That's a long story. Apparently, you manage to make a bridge between timelines using Bobo as an anchor. At least, that's the running hypothesis.
Me: Speaking of things that you can’t or won’t talk about, why the radio silence after the fall? I would've liked to have known you were still alive before I got the baby blanket.
So 48 hours on the new medication and I can refer to you by name. I think that's progress. Well at least one of your names. The more I find out about your time at the Siberia Hilton with the Hive worshipers of Earth, the less likely I am to want to strangle you with my bare hands.
Cuddle Bunny: It didn’t back during the war. For some, letters were the only connection they had. Also, you pretty much said that you wanted to have coffee with me.
“I definitely have a better relationship with Maria. I’m trying to model my parenting style more on how she treated me than what Howard did. You know, along with all my dad figures. Although I regret that she’ll never get to meet Morgan.” That was his number four regret.
“Why were we the ones left behind?” Steve voiced the question that he’s been thinking about for a while.
Tony Potts: I am at 41 months sober. There's been some stops and starts, but I don't want to be a repeat of Howard for Morgan.
“You’ve given up hope that you’ll get back to her?” Jemma asked remembering her own moment of hopelessness. She’s not entirely sure if she would have slept with Will if she had not convinced herself that she was never going to see Fitz again.
Football Hunter: Why did the boss not tell you that he was dying? It’s a shame you had to find out from the preschooler.
The boss: Friday, sweetie, since he is an expert at understanding drunk Simmons ramblings, can you please pass him all the notes.
“You married someone to keep your kids safe.” Tony completely realizes that was the real point of Steve’s marriage to May, even if they did have sex.
“But it was so much fun at the time. Also I knew I wouldn’t be getting morning sex even though we totally should,” Tony mumbled sleepily against him.
D Fitzsimmons: Better for humans, maybe not best for the rest of the universe. Or maybe not. The snap could've happened in that timeline as well. I don't know because the Blues deleted history.
Agent Laura: Yes. Look, a lot of old Shield’s problems were Hydra-related, but not all of them were. Maybe you shouldn’t send people in with guns to deal with those that suddenly develop superpowers. That is just asking to escalate the situation. Social workers can do more.
Red phone: My house gets blown up, my BFF ends up paralyzed, Pepper almost ends up dead, I tried to kill your BFF and let's not even talk about the fuck up that was Ultron.
Tony: No. I’m going to, at the very least, need to vent about how horrible my assistant interviews are going or the fact that Agent Agent is going to be here all week.
Tony Potts: That makes sense. You don't want to know what I said to Stevie after Thanos. I think I just made it worse. I would like to blame it on the nearly dying due to starvation, but I know better. I can be a dick sometimes.
“Great, they are early or late. Depending on your perspective. I was hoping this was something I kept from happening,” Leo lamented.
Anthony: I don’t think that’s it considering he has an interview with Secret Service today. I think he’s just mad about me doing something without talking to him first. I’m supposed to talk to him or Laura first before making the big decisions. Apparently nominating him for the head of an agency in charge of policing us qualifies as a big decision.
Just as Tony said this, Tony’s cell gave the ‘Pepper is trying to get a hold of you’ chime, indicating that she just sent him a message. Considering pepper understands time zones better than him, this probably wasn’t a good thing. The fact that Steve actually handed the phone back over to him after reading the message was also not a good sign.
Red phone: He's trying to find me a therapist that I’m going to have to see at least once a week. If I say no, he will send me to the crazy spa.
“They are more upset about the engagement to an American icon who happens to be a fugitive due to the Accords fiasco.” She knows that he saw the pictures of Dr. and Mr. Leopold together, but she doesn’t know if Mr. May-Rogers knows about Dr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers.
Me: Because there is an all-new squad ran by a completely different Shield. Their team is called Secret Warriors, but Slingshot is on loan until both teams have sufficient numbers to run independently.
“He’s still your friend. He even remembers horrible double dates.” Steve visibly exhaled at Tony’s words. “Actually, he is this new version of your friend because kidnapping changes you. I was only locked up for a few months but I came out a different person. A few decades would be so much worse.”
“I’ll take you up on that after getting my daughter back to her biological parents.” Steve looked like he wanted to cry when he said that.
“At least I found out my new phone is really shatterproof.” Tony remarked, pulling him into the room. “You look like your celebrity doppelganger in Snow Piercer, but healthier.” To keep himself safe, it was decided that Stefan would have darker hair and a beard. “You look good.”
Tony: I’m not totally opposed but it would have to be someone I trust and Agent America might be the only person on the list at the moment. Of course Agent would kill us both or ask to join. I’m not sure which because his crush on you is legendary. Do you know that you were who got him through his father‘s murder when he was nine? Or at least it was the Captain America comic books that kept his head above water during the worst of it.
Ana Jr.: Considering my Pepper Potts was not surprised by Mr. Stark and Capt. Rogers's relationship, I doubt the other Pepper Potts would be surprised.
I wanted the news reporters to stop talking about the breakup but this was not how I wanted it to happen. Although, it did have to be something big because you possibly getting married wasn’t enough.
OK, I think that puts us at question 30 so let’s hit the back six later unless my best friend successfully gets us out of this. I don’t think I’m that lucky. I’m going to try, though.
Me: Not yet, especially because he wants to keep an eye on the Watchdogs for a bit longer. Also, Rio thinks they should do at least six months of family therapy with Dr. Suarez or one of her associates before anything changes.
BTW, your aunt knows that you’re keeping a secret from her that’s big. And because she walked in on you shirtless with your BFF, she thinks you are at least bi. This may be the time to mention you have spider powers. People are waking up all over the world with superpowers due to eating the wrong piece of fish or going swimming in the wrong body of water. I don’t think it will surprise her that much. I’m not going to out you, but you need to tell her eventually. So much worse when people find out due to video. And they didn’t have YouTube when my scandal broke out. It would be so much worse now.
Anthony: There's also sobriety. The world looks different when you're not inside a bottle. My relationship with Pepper wasn't healthy. I'm hoping my relationship with you will be better.
“While the first part of that is whenever I'm in the creative zone, and the second part is the last night with the kids. You know that Robin has trouble sleeping because of her visions. But she likes when I sing to her. It relaxes her.” Tony explained.
“No, I haven’t been with anyone else besides May, even though our relationship is technically open. May is right. As long as I’m married to Melinda, I will never feel comfortable moving on to someone else. That picture was for you.” Thank God Friday was doing most of the driving; otherwise, he would hit the car in front of him.
Anthony love: Maybe. Ana was a little confused once she managed to get back online after digesting five years worth of data from the other Avengers. In addition to downloading time travel schematics or maybe it’s creating dimensional portals schematics. I’m still uncertain.
Me: Because she has a glare that could melt vibranium. Pepper is the only other woman I know that can do that with just an expression.
Pepper Pot: Exactly. I would go to them except with Deke MIA and you trying to get him back, I’m not able to take Morgan time off right now. So, they should come here.
Monkey lover 2: I think I would’ve preferred them trying to kill him. And, I’ll get Mary on that. I’m glad she’s staying on to be my assistant. And I wouldn’t mind my mum being in the states with us.
“Director Rhodes said that I am running point on this, so we wait. But we can go ask him. Oh wait, he’s on the phone trying to keep Talbot from sending in the Armed Forces right now,” Leo told her.
Me: In addition to dropping off the bequeathed items from Aunt Peggy, I think the interim director sent her to try to get more information on Cuddle Bunny not realizing that she already knows you’re Cuddle Bunny and is not going to say anything. Agents from the Carter family are anything but stupid.
“I didn’t actually know until I saw the video that Bucky killed your parents. I suspected it was him because I knew Hydra was involved, but I couldn’t find evidence that it was 100% him until that video. I just didn’t know how to explain that to you back then.” Considering what he knows now about Hydra’s multiple attempts to kill his family members, Steve’s uncertainty was 100% warranted.
Anthony: In the end we managed to discover that somebody was selling SHIELD confiscated tech on the black market and we went to get it back without telling Director Snookums.
Me: But this isn’t about me. It’s about what the junior archers what and they want to see their dad.
I’m not sure I can top your embarrassing story, nor do I really want to. Natasha kissed me on the escalators at Pentagon city to try to distract some Hydra agents during the fall of shield fiasco. It was ridiculously awkward and then she asked me if that was my first kiss since the 40s. I think I was more embarrassed that Natasha just assumed that was my first kiss in 70 years, then the kiss itself. She must think I am such a loser to assume I wouldn’t have had a girlfriend or boyfriend since waking up in the present. I want to ask if she knows about me dating Melinda now but I’m afraid to. I’m not sure if I’ll ever get the chance anyway.
Me: You’re putting up with the possibility of our conversations becoming an entertainment for the Royal genius because she’s helping with James?
Blue phone: She’s not my girlfriend. It was one kiss that probably only happened because of adrenaline.
Me: Yes, mostly because I just got out of a meeting with the West Coast VPs that made me nauseous, preceded by various teleconferences with the board. I must make an in person appearance Monday. I hope they don’t arrange for the looney police to pick me up from the new SI upstate campus.
In my personal head canon, Sitwell did not go to the Hydra side until New York. He was still a clean agent (yet starting to get bitter) during the events of the Consultant which is referred to in this chapter. Although by Item 47, he was already team Hydra.
“You know, you didn’t have to go through my phone. You could’ve just asked more questions like Bruce did. I prefer that you don’t do that.”
“Both of you, take a moment and calm down. We can’t do anything if you are sniping at each other. We have to do this together.” The Princess chastised.
Updated A/N: The actions Deke takes in season seven of AOS really validated the choices I made for him in this story. In this story and in cannon, he becomes the caretaker of a depressed and mourning alcoholic. When we get to the chapters written post-AOS, I’ll explain more about what I’ll be doing with season seven AOS elements.
CoulsonPJ: As I said he’s fine. Some scrapes and bruises that will probably be healed by the time we dropped him off in Queens. He heals faster than your boyfriend.
Hunter: Friday has been reading me the notes from the other timeline on the drive up. It seems like it's more complicated than that.
Me: Yes, but with us being who we are, we wouldn’t want to give the real answers publicly. Nor should we.
D Fitzsimmons: Yes. Well, maybe 4 ½ years, ever since we found the dusted body of Bobo 2 in that cryo-chamber. She started after she cursed us for changing the timeline the first time. I could understand her anger, but I still feel that what happened is still better then what's left of humanity being able to fit in the Lighthouse.
Thank you to everybody who read or review the last conversation. You are the absolute best. I adore all your comments. Remember, your writer is needy for feedback.
Red Malibu: I know. And it may not be the popular decision, but it was the best option. That’s what people like us do.
Anthony love: So, there is a chance we may be dealing with alien doubles again with teleporting abilities. Remind me again why I took this job? Oh yes, to get you back in the country.
Tosha: I know you don’t consider yourself an Avenger anymore due to certain things that we are not going to talk about in writing. However, you were the one who traveled back to 2018 in the other timeline. You were with Simmons when she was putting everything together with Deke. Did she discuss her change of plan with you?
D Fitzsimmons: Yes. Well, May, Steve, Natasha, and my plan was to go back in time, grab the stones, and undo all the damage. Although Steve is adamant that we don't get rid of any of the new children born in the last five years. Stark called it a time heist. I'm not sure it was Nana's plan.
Me: It’s more like we’re on our way to the airport right now. I drew the short straw and therefore I am the designated Avenger sitter. Liberty makes bad decisions when people he loves are in danger. We’re completely screwed if Red Malibu flat lines.
Agent M: Maria was our contact to the Avengers. If she felt you had a need to know, she would’ve told you. She was in contact with Coulson the entire year you were searching for Hydra bases
“Yes, and Friday had to ask the Princess herself for Florist recommendations. My normal vendor doesn’t deliver to that country, yet. However, apology gifts are apparently a universal concept. I’m not sure what I’m actually sending but I have been assured it would be culturally appropriate and ridiculously expensive. So maybe it’s best you don’t mention flowers specifically,” Tony explained.
Friday: Unfortunately, Sir, I cannot give you access because I do not have access to those files at this time.
Me: However, we’re not up to those questions yet. What if we typed out our real answers to those questions and emailed them to each other?
Me: My boss already got him a copy. It’s okay. Ross’ powers been stripped and he will be in congressional hearings from now till the end of the administration. The Rising Tide is also going after Ross.
StarkAE: Which probably nobody cares about right now due to this making its way onto Twitter. Did Spidey break into the tower to get his suit back? More importantly…. Friday, did you help him? I know he's your favorite baby.
“I think that’s why Stark got out of the car so quickly.” Agent Davis said as he placed a small box on the counter.
Me: You’re right, the Purple Arrow children we’re not affected at all. Also, Ms. Marvel is Good. The idiots trying to attack the compound were picked up by a Shield team before the Watchdogs got anywhere near the place. There are in custody.
Director Snookums: Keyword is some. Actually Friday told me three days ago, but I was hoping you would tell me first. Actually she sent out a mass message to all of your friends, even those that I'm technically supposed to arrest for violating the Accords.
Because of the way I handled the situation with Bucky and you in Siberia, I feel like the Avenger family is in pieces. For a while, I felt like I finally had a place where I fit in this crazy world. A new family, but it’s gone now and it’s because of my choices.
Tony Potts: If we bring back their dead friends and children, it’ll be a little easier even if we’re going to bring 1 trillion other complications.
Purple Princess: Which is so unfair. He's going to be so mad at us for having an adventure without him.
Anthony: Basically, there was an incident last night that our favorite teenage mutant ninja spider got involved in and I had to clean up. He tries to go to a party to talk to the girl of his dreams and instead things go so badly that I had to save him from drowning in the Hudson. Yes, I used the armor remotely. Dr. Simmons still has me on restricted duty.
Red spider: Ana sent me a picture. She’s gotten so big. She’s like a foot taller than she was last summer in Malta. When did that happen?
Tony Bear: Me finding out about how your lunch is going with your ex-girlfriend is a much better use of my time.
Friday: Mister Stark is on a call with Director Rhodes. They’re currently deciding if Shield, the ATCU, or the FBI should lead the investigation into criminals using weapons created using alien based technology. Since Shield has not been publicly announced, it will most likely be the FBI.
Blue phone: I guess what I'm saying is that I don’t care much for bodies, just the minds that inhabit them. Personality is the more important and the rest is just window dressing.
Note to self, have Mary get Happy a room at a different hotel far away after emailing Pepper to vent about how this was a horrible ideal and Happy is even less okay with him dating Steve now that she's single again.
Me: Midtown because Afia wants to keep an eye on Peter and I approve. I gave a very generous donation and they are opening a spot according to the school board. They’re going to name the new science lab that I’m paying for after Bruce.
Football Hunter: That's OK. I've already gotten the shovel talk from her twice. However, she still cannot lie to your mother. So we’re going to Glasgow.
Anthony: Sort of, but not really. I am at an undisclosed location with medical care. I signed myself out AMA and then allowed Agent Agent to hide me someplace secluded.
“I’m not Aida.” Friday – – Afia argued. “First, Tony never treated me like a thing but almost as a child.”
“Of course, Agent Barton,” Friday said before the video popped up on the screen. She almost wondered if Dr. Potts override May’s earlier orders.
Therapist Laura: Hi, this is Clint’s wife Laura. Just to prove who I am, Clint has a tattoo of a Captain America shield with the shield symbol next to it that has Coulson’s name between with his birthday on one side of it and the day of his supposed death on the other... This tattoo is located on his lower back.
Me: Point. Mr. and Mrs. Purple Arrow will be around, as soon as they work out their marital issues, and Spidey brat will be around. Also, Agent Agent is vetting assistance.
Again, Happy doesn’t respond, he just looks at her for a moment. Maybe there’s more truth there than he wants to knowledge even to himself.
This chapter begins immediately after the last one so much that the last message is repeated in this chapter.
Tony: And I’m regretting that because we probably could’ve hooked up earlier. I’m regretting all the lost time I could’ve spent with your mouth.
Me: Actually, Steve corrected him when he refers to you as his boyfriend and then showed off the ring. Barnes wants to know if he will be allowed to go to the wedding?
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all wonderful. A lot of people have asked me if Bucky would be making an appearance in this story and here we are. I hope you all enjoy it.
SimmonsJA: Tempting, but no. Have you spoken about the issues that led you to that incident? Because we both know it wasn’t just about the Accords.
Me: Because she left before the agency collapse because it just got too much for her. However, because of her being former Shield, Jane can kind of tell when somebody is lying for national security reasons. It’s why she’s so good as my image manager. She was Shield PR first.
“I feel like there’s a story there.” Because he was sure that Romanoff was not telling him everything.
“Piper has pancakes waiting for when you’re ready to come to breakfast. With blueberries and chocolate,” Karen offered.
Me: I forgot to tell you last time, Fitz put a ring on it. Actually, it was the other way around, since Simmons did the actual proposing. Although, Simmons is showing off her engagement ring to everybody right now. I’m glad Rhodey Bear was able to spare them even though he and Agent had to stay in DC along with Daisy. You have no idea how much I’m looking forward to lab time with Spidey senior, Leo, and Fitzsimmons.
Me: And since you won’t stop doing things that will get you shot, she decided to give you armor that will make it a lot harder for you to die on us?
“Personally I would prefer if he would not need to choose either. I always hoped by 2016 we wouldn’t be fighting wars anymore, but here we are.” The director said From in front of him.
MJ: It’s not a love triangle when you’re competing with each other, not against each other. We’ve bonded over shitty dads and our clueless crush. You’re like the best thing my father gave me.
Stephen C: Though you told me weeks ago not to text message you, I figure you almost dying is good enough reason to actually check on you.
Red phone: This all happened when she broke into my apartment 2 hours ago and gave me a reason to make the suit earthquake proof.
The Big Boss: I think they’re freaking out because this time it’s obviously a serious relationship. This is not a fling. He was on your arm at a Stark industries sponsored international event to raise awareness about wildlife trafficking with various heads of state. That shows that you're serious and serious relationships bother them.
Anthony: Also, speaking of situations that could blow up, Ross has decided to show up for the last day of the conference, which is something that the Secretary hasn’t done in years.
Director Snookums: Yes. You owe her after she helped to rescue Laura. You got the boy, don’t rub it in.
Anthony: I hope not. Your political pundit ex-boyfriend will be there. His poor unsuspecting wife is the director of the charity. I don’t know how a woman like her ended up with such a bastard.
HSBF: She said I could still contact you. And I needed to know what was going on, especially if it put the others in danger.
“Yes. So many moments of my childhood make sense now. I'm also a little less angry at Howard for sending me to boarding school. If one of our super villains tried to kill me, and Hunter accidentally got killed instead, I would've done the same thing. I would be dropping Morgan off at boarding school the next morning to keep her safe. I would've told her, but…" Tony trailed off.
Continuity note: Background from Agent Carter will be used in this chapter and the next. I'm still mad they never told us who Peggy ended up marrying, but I'm going to go with the guy all the signs were pointing to in Agent Carter.
“I don’t know if I can be an icon when I am too afraid to come out to my oldest friend.” At that moment, Tony placed an arm around his boyfriend.
“Because before the magic snap, I was sterile. You can’t suffer Palladium poisoning without some long-term side effects. But the purple ass hole fixed my sperm count, so here we are. Which leads us to number one because my biggest regret is us being so in pieces we couldn’t stop the purple ass hole from wiping out half of all life.” Tony confessed.
“Robin and Kamala are my main priorities. May understands that, but we are never going to have that type of love. I know May is right that we are just staying together as an emotional crutch. We will never move on if we don’t let go.” Okay, that was more self-aware than Tony thought Steve would ever be.
“I make no promises.” Steve responded and seconds later Tony was completely wrapped around him with his mouth ending up on his. Everything else fell away.
“She knows. Dad just got back to me probably because he is no longer with the President getting his boyfriend pardoned. He says that he’ll let you watch the footage of Daisy's suit cam as well as read her rapid reports when he returns.” Afia told the group as Peter tried to stop blushing. It wasn’t helping that MJ was now leaning into him closer. Then there was also the fact that Flash was half sitting on top of him. It was the only way the three of them could sit on the loveseat together. Because of course, the Princess’ suite had two loveseats instead of any regular size couches.
Friday: I have sent the list of 36 questions to your Stark pad. I suggest that you ask each other these questions during the drive to Manhattan.
TMNS: Yes. We might even be out longer. It depends on how things go this afternoon. There’s a meeting at 2:30 PM. That’s part of the reason why I’m up now. I have to be there.
Me: No. I thought about it a lot. But I talked to Agent and Agent America as well as Yo-Yo and came to the conclusion that maybe it’s better for some heroes to have both public and private identities. And I think Spidey is one of those people that needs his public person and his private person and for the world to not know that the two exist. He’s too young.
“On the plus side, at least the announcement of me having a boyfriend did not go completely horribly."
Me: Actually, all of Shield’s top brass, only Mister Patriotism is kind of clueless. Actually, Jeffrey is kind of clueless about everything in general except how to set up a good photo opt. He is also ridiculously needy for affirmation of his self-worth.
Anthony: I think we established that I don’t like being lied to for the sake of protection. I’m also not a fan of lies of omission. No matter how bad things are, I need to know the truth. I had a need to know the truth.
: Acronym that stands for hot sexy boyfriend. Current designation for Steve Rogers in Tony Stark’s address book.
Hunter: I already made them before Stark called because Robin told me to. She knew you would need them.
“I considered sleeping in Hunter’s room after I remade the bed, but I found a bottle of KY in the middle of it. I’m just not going to be able to sleep in there. How could he defile my guest room so quickly?” Tony shuddered.
The Mechanic: This is good. Maybe I’ll get to live in the same country as my boyfriend before the next alien invasion. Fingers crossed.
Steve: My relationship with Tony is fine. He’s taking care of Robin while we’re trying to undo what Thanos did.
Updated A/N Winter 2020: Now I write this, and we are only a couple of weeks away from Wandavision. I think this is going to be my last chapter before the show starts. Yes, I did cry when AOS ended, but they were happy tears. So I actually have up to chapter 32 drafted. It's just a question of proofreading. I could use additional betas. I currently only have one beta and  Grammarly.
Please come to SI. I need you, my science bro. You can even do Avenger work part time if you’re worrying about Coulson giving you a hard time for moving to the private sector. I know Platypus was considering detailing you to the UN Avengers anyway. We have excellent benefits including full mental health coverage. Come join us. I need you. My Board of Directors hate me.
“Desafortunadamente si, mi bombon es todo un chico explorador y se niega rotundamente a ponerme peligro a mi y mi virtud.” Tony responded, also in Spanish.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. The original plan was for this conversation and similar ones following to be tacked on to the end of the text message conversations to keep with the style of the rest of the story. However, I realized things were getting long that way. So, I decided to make in person conversations as a separate story element.
Me: Always. Especially because technically, this is working on Jane’s special PR project and she scares me so we’re doing this tonight. Besides, the more time I get to talk to you, the happier I am. I do less dumb shit when I’m happy.
Me: I would talk to Mrs. Purple Arrow about it, but she’s busy working on fixing things with her husband. Maybe I can mention it to Suarez.
I am waiting until the next chapter to explain how Loki and Black Widow fall into the continuity of the story. I want to give everybody time to watch before I explain or start throwing the word variance around.
May: Deke and Simmons, on Steve’s orders, retrofitted it for space travel in an effort to rescue Stark. Carol found him first, though.
Yes, progress has been made, but they’re still really oblivious. Did you pick up on what inconvenient truth Friday told Tony and Steve about that they ignored?
“Or go and talk about this elsewhere. We’re trying to focus on this." Friday said from the side. He knows she has another name here, but he's going to keep calling her Friday because it makes him feel less alone. Like there's at least one person from his other life here.
Counselor Laura: We uncovered 15 so far against your father only. There may have been more, but some of the records were destroyed. That's just Hydra. There were a few assassination attempts from Roxxon and even one from Obadiah on his own in 1989.
I don't really know how to do these mission report things. Director Stark (how did that happen?) asked me to write a report on how I ended up here. Does he realize I'm not actually a Shield agent? However, his fiancé is my boss in my timeline (my Tony, not this, Tony). I'm going to do what he says. I'm sure if anybody can get me fired when I arrive back to the right timeline, it would be him.
Red phone: Just like I’m not going to let them arrest Laura because I don't like playing ball with DOS or rather Ross because, let's be honest, most of his staff thinks he's a war mongrel and are counting down the days until he resigns. If seeing a therapist keeps the kids from seeing their mom dragged off in handcuffs for another day, then I’m going to do it.
"I don't know why you're worried about me. Of anybody in this room, I think Natasha is the one more likely to give you that talk and you brought her with you." Sam said turning his attention back to Tony.
Tony: She’s also scared because her kid has superpowers. Not only that but her kid has superpowers in the current political climate. The watch dogs are everywhere. They’re getting more members every day. She’s scared.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are so fabulous. Welcome back to the "better choices were made" timeline.
Anthony: Most of which are under 18. That puts me in more of a mentor role. Somehow I’ve become a role model.
Agent L. Barton: I didn’t know if I can say his name around you. I’m sure losing him was hard. It was hard on Clint the first time.
Title: Text Messages from the Edge of High School (How I survived Midtown as a Synthetic Teenage Stark)
May: I’m going to take that as you don’t want to tell me about your deep and meaningful conversations with our daughters’ future stepdad.
A/N: Simmons will be referring to herself as Jemma in her head but when Leo says that name, he’s referring to the Dr. Simmons from his original timeline. Yes, I know time travel is confusing.
MayMQ: And I still can’t do flight training right now with him. Stark is easier to deal with when he is busy or exhausted.
Me: The scary thing is I think the boyfriend might be more of a deal breaker than the murder bots. It is for the board of directors.
Steve: I know this has been a possibility for a while when we were both ready for it but are you ready?
“I usually refer to that whole episode as the uncivil avenger toddler squabble. Apparently, my other self calls it something similar.”
“I get that. Being an Avenger helped me not think about everything I lost. Although, why didn’t you lock me and Tony together?"
Tosha: I know these last five years have been hard for you. It’s pretty apparent that you’re not over what happened when you join a mad scientist conspiracy to travel through space and time to get your wife back.
Tony: Yes, even though Mary is a capable assistant she’s just an employee, not a friend and teammate like Yo-Yo. Although, since I did the right thing with the robot that could pass for human, I realized I have other friends, besides Monkey Lover and Yo-Yo. Mack is making me watch Chopping Mall again next time I’m in DC. Probably when I get back from fun with you in Mumbai. I want to do something with chocolate sauce.
Therapist Laura: The meeting is running longer than Tony anticipated. I was expecting to have the kids back in time for lunch. Now I’m going to have to put the pizza back in the oven. I think it’s going okay considering Tony hasn’t called for a suit to come get him, but I’m not there.
"But will he? Probably not. He still feels bad for beating the hell out of me in Siberia and he such a martyr he would let Happy get a free shot in." Tony was worried about that
Dr. Leopold was left behind and arrested. After escaping an unknown high security prison with the assistance of Lance Hunter, he cryogenically froze himself and woke up in 2091 in time to prevent the extinction of the rest of humanity and then traveled back with his coworkers to March 2018. Shortly after arriving in 2018, an explosion in the vicinity of three monoliths caused Dr. Leopold to be thrown back in time 22 months and land in the bed of friend and former coworker Lance Hunter.
“I will. I’ll also burn the one in Hunter’s room. Actually, I want to order a whole new mattress.” Tony actually shivered, and Pepper was trying not to laugh.
Tony and Steve’s time in Johannesburg is coming to an end, but we have one more night together. The title for this conversation comes from the Eagle Eye Cherry song of the same name.
Stephen C: Yes. We are having breakfast with Lily’s aunt and the counselor in an hour. She knows you’re my ex-girlfriend now, by the way.
Tony: I think Ross said something to him. Simmons is having coffee with his assistant to see if she can find anything out. Friday has video footage of the two meeting up, but no audio and unfortunately neither were facing the camera so the lip-reading program won’t work. So, old-fashioned dirty detective work is our only hope.
Agent M: Not until after we move on it and then it will be all over the news. Give us about 36 hours.
Anthony: Because it is. But your list is just as long so I don’t worry about it. Apparently Coulson just doesn't have the energy to get kidnapped right now. So it’s a hard no from him. I think he's really depressed about the forced "voluntary resignation" thing.
Girl Friday: Possibly Asgard, although we’re not 100% sure because we haven’t gotten a confirmation message from her. The Princess theorizes that it might take up to two or three days to get a message from there through the system.
Me: You did sleep with her before her ex died and when she was undercover as a shiny happy person. This is her normal state of being at least recently. Also, I think she may have read some of my text messages to you.
WandaVision. Also, some information about post-snap life we discovered in Falcon and the Winter Soldier was used to make some of the creative decisions in this chapter.
“Neither was Bruce, but he was the only one you would let see you for a long time. Were you going to tell me?” Steve asked, slightly hurt.
Me: Friday is working on figuring out how to get the stuff to you, but it might be a couple of weeks. Although I did make a couple of copies of the pictures of you pre-transformation. Seriously, baby, you were always hot. I hope that’s okay.
Venom: So, when this is all over with, are we just going to lock Benji in a room with us until he gets a clue?
So, more questions from, or rather adapted from, the 36 questions that lead to love originally developed by Arthur Aron and made famous by the New York Times Modern Love column. I’m adjusting some of the questions if not most to cut down on how much direct quoting I’m doing. Also, I realize some of these questions Tony and Steve cannot ask each other straight because they are superheroes and live in a world where people really can see the future and wake up with special powers randomly one day. However, if I’ve quoted it exactly, the question will be underlined.
Me: Then on to Wakanda where you can hang out with your BFF and I can spend some time at the church of the divine genius Princess. I really would like to worship at her scientific altar. Maybe May will come with you if there are no apocalypses and they don’t have to head back to DC right away. I feel like the earthquakes going on in LA are probably an apocalypse. I doubt Quake is actually causing it.
Red phone: Actually, she took it away because she saw me using the word sexting and sex tape in the message.
“We’re not the same person. Well genetically we are but we are more like identical twins. Well, mostly. His time in space altered his DNA a little bit. It’s really quite fascinating.” Fitz started to ramble.
Me: Yep. As well as General Hale because the POTUS just loves the military and Val Cooper from Homeland Security who is just as Inhuman-phobic as Senator Hateful. Thankfully, she’s not on the list.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely wonderful.
Fanfiction dot net readers, even though I successfully uploaded the last chapter it was not marked as being updated. So if you have no idea what I’m talking about above, go back and read Interlude 15. It’s important for the plot later on.
: refers to Miles Morales of Queens. Father former Shield, may have been recruited by Hydra. Now NYPD. Uncle small-time criminal but aided Spider-Man during Vulture incident.
Kitty brother: I don’t dispute that. It is better to live without a possible expiration date. And your own death?
Tony: As for how I knew about this, Friday prepared me a primer on the other timeline. I wanted to know about Hydra-related bullshit, and she decided to give me relationship rundowns. Teenager, I tell you, teenager.
Eventually, they do get out of the Framework prison but Fitz is consumed with guilt for what he did in the other virtual timeline. This is made worse by AIDA trying to rape him after creating a body for herself with multiple superpowers. Eventually, the good guys save the day with the help of the Ghost Rider (Robbie Reyes) except the bad guys blame all bad things on SHIELD and it’s about to be disbanded again. Then the team gets kidnapped and Leo gets tossed into prison.
“Yes. After the two Baltimore incidents, we decided to use a decoy plane and then sneak everything else out with fake milk trucks. Instead of following orders, he flew everything out in one plane which was attacked according to media reports by a guy dressed as a "vulture". There are video files, possibly posted by someone I need to fire." Tony said as he pulled up one of the more benign things that ended up on Twitter.
“As I stated earlier, you are overthinking things right now. Sometimes this happens when I’m working on a project and I get stuck. So I take a step away and work on something else and then while I’m working on the other project, I usually solve my problem on the first project,” Tony explained.
Anthony: So it was obvious to everyone, but us? I mean we have an 11-year-old writing fanfiction about us.
“We’ll figure out how to do things differently here.” He whispered to MJ. Flash got up from the couch, motioning for Peter to scoot over. MJ followed so that Flash could sit beside her on the other side so he could wrap an arm around her.
Girl Friday: Okay, Flash just made an inappropriate joke about you going to greet Steve on the helicopter pad involving handcuffs and blow jobs.
Steve: Thank you for that. The dying in World War I thing was what my mom told me and everyone else. When I went down in the ice, that's what I believed. At the same time, I had memories that didn't add up. I remember seeing him hitting my mother.
Red phone: We were thinking an all black costume for stealth? What do you think of Nomad as your new codename? Connor came up with it.
Friday: However, I can forward you a song that reflects the emotions behind those words. Please listen to I Miss You so Much by TLC.
Me: But Colonel Rhodes and Coulson are. May too. She did directly help in my rescue. You did mention earlier that Coulson would do anything to keep the mother of his godchildren safe.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all fabulous. I’m glad everybody enjoyed the artwork. We have some plans for more in the future.
Me: See you have a lot of friends. A lot more then you used to and Happy felt threatened by that. So he lashed out. His lashing out meant disregarding orders which wasn’t the worst thing he could do.
Of course, I’m going entirely on supposition because this Clint hasn’t said a word to me about anything. He was waiting for me to wake up in medical after passing out. However, after I confirmed May’s suspicions that I am a Shield agent from an alternate 2018, he’s been avoiding me. Maybe I’m just another ghost of the past to him now.
Me: Actually I think they’ve been over since probably December. He did show up to a very farmhouse Christmas alone.
“Yes, boss." Of course, that's when Friday started playing Invisible by Linkin Park. He forgot that song was on that list. It always made him think about Siberia. He did not need that right now.
TMNS: Since you’re already bringing civilians into the lighthouse, this might be the time to tell you that Flash is with us. He kind of passed out, and Afia doesn’t want to leave him alone in his apartment.
Tony: Obviously, you’ve been informed about that. And yes, he’ll be okay with that because he’s going to be the fourth.
Chief Mechanic: It's still hard wrapping my mind around it. I'm sterile. I've accepted that, or at least I thought I did.
I wish I had a comprehensive list of who is dusted, but I don’t. My children, myself, Daisy, Agent McKenzie, and all of Ms. Marvel’s family are among the dusted. I’m 99% sure that the Princess is among the dusted too, because if she was still alive, I completely expect her to be here. I also feel that the time travel might have worked properly. She is the smartest Avenger. Even my Tony says that.
Football Hunter: And we know that none of that happens until after the day you bounce back, which is a good 16 months away. During those 16 months, you should focus on your health and getting as strong as possible, and we both know that can't happen if you stay at Shield. The healthier you are, the better you'll be able to handle things when the purple raisin with the glove fetish shows up.
FRIDAY: However, I am not in a position to tell you if your fears are founded because my contact, Monkey Lover 21 has refused to digitize the documents.
After everything, I still wanted to rebuild those bridges. Those first few conversations with Tony after what happened were not easy. I felt guilty and I was still angry because he tried to kill my best friend. I know why Tony reacted the way he did, but that doesn’t take away my anger.
Anthony: It wasn’t a complete lie. Melinda Gardner is her public identity, the only one she has left after the Hydra fiasco. I just decided to wait a little while before I explained that Agent Scary, Agent May and your ex-girlfriend are the same person.
Anthony: I really do want to bring you back as soon as being connected to me in any way does not result in threats of death or arrest.
“You know I hate that you’re starting to become so perceptive. Life is easier when you were oblivious. And those abandonment issues aren’t all related to you. I’m sure a lot of them are Howard related. Like 98% of most of my issues are Howard related. See this is why I spend so much time in therapy,” Tony remarked.
TMNS: You ended up living with the Stark-Rogers for a year. You became the target of a terrorist group because you’re friends with Afia, and Damien told everybody that you’re Inhuman. The watchdogs almost killed you twice. Me and Afia were the only ones who kept it from happening. I don’t want to put you in danger again, and knowing the truth would’ve done that. It’s a dangerous secret.
Genius Princess 2018: Agree. Also, to help with this, I have introduced code that will add years after our usernames.
HSBF: The doctor is now in containment room 3 and will be having a psych evaluation by Suarez or someone from her team very soon.
Chief Monkey Lover: Is there a reason why I can’t access anything regarding Simmons? Along with Deke’s report from yesterday. Ana told me he wrote one.
: Refers to Clint a.k.a. Hawkeye and is an allusion to the Green Arrow comic book series. Official Avenger database codename. Retired shield agent.
I should be mad at you. You lied to me for months. You could’ve at least told me that you worked in human resources at Shield. I could have got you killed when Shield fell. When I stopped receiving emails from you about that time, I wondered if you became collateral damage from Hydra anyway. An email or call would have been nice.
Me: No, 13 is overseeing the investigation because Agent America has security duty and Slingshot is guarding Pepper. Nobody is questioning why Anthony’s assistant is with her.
“Those must’ve been some strong edibles,” Tony remarked. Of course, he can’t say anything because if Twitter existed during the worst of his drug addiction, there would’ve been so many pictures of his genitals everywhere. Actually, there already is because screenshots from the infamous sex tape make the rounds every few months. Fuck Tiberius forever.
MJ: I would love to know that, but you won't tell me why you decided to miss the final negotiations of the agreement you been working on for more than a year.
May: Are you sure the other timeline isn’t pulling a prank on you? I feel like this is something my other self would do with you.
Pepper pot: I understand you thought you were sterile. I thought you were sterile. It's why I wasn't worried when I was not able to get my favorite birth control due to the rationing right after the decimation.
Red phone: Nothing I said could've been that improbable or did I warn you about not eating fish because it could give you random superpowers?
: Senator Ellen Nadeer of New Jersey. Anti-inhuman extremist. Lost both parents during the battle of New York. Currently being investigated by intelligence. They are trying to locate her brother who has not been seen in eight months. Intelligence believes that she may have done something to him. Need to discuss this with Dr. Leopold in person soon.
Purple arrow: No dating ever again. How are you doing? I’m not the only one with a missing significant other right now.
Me: More than he could to anyone else, especially because Jeffrey only cares about appearances. Just like Ross. He’s obsessed with the letter of the law, not its spirit.
Red phone: Although, you’re probably not ready for me to go on a rant about Howard’s lack of parenting skills. Let’s just say Jarvis exceeded.
Me: I wasn’t planning for him to be there, but he should. I’ll ask him after the robot burning. I’ll let you know how things go in a few days. Also, if I can guarantee she’s no longer reading these text messages, we can do doctor Suarez’s consent exercise.
Me: You, I’m not so sure about. Which explains why you’re wandering around the world rescuing people in a new costume. (Message not sent)
"I'm sucking up to the president, the UN, General Talbot, the not-crazy people at the State Department, and various not-evil members of Congress to keep a highly skilled strike team from tracking you and Cuddle Bunny down and locking you up in the Raft for the rest of eternity. If I disappeared, I can guarantee that they would find us within a month and they'll probably be more bullets involved. Then diplomacy. Playing the system keeps everyone safe."
“Maybe you will,” Hunter kissed Leo once more. “Now, put the Stark pad down and let me relax you so you will sleep for a few more hours.” Before he could successfully push down Leo’s boxers, Hunter’s hand was pushed away.”
Tony: So if I’m doing the time conversion in my head correctly, it’s probably early afternoon where you are. Is this a good time to ask you what thing in your life you are happiest about, or grateful for? I knew I should’ve kept a copy of the questions with me instead of just memorizing them.
Anthony: That does not make it better. I would be forever shamed if I survived a nuclear warhead unscathed only to get taken down by fried pita bread and chocolate peanut butter cup tort.
Me: Not at all. If I didn’t love you I wouldn’t have told you that. I definitely wouldn’t have told you that Howard caught me doing it.
“The princess genius figured out how to undo the Hydra programming without wiping out everything else.”
Me: I’ll remember to keep it. There’s a large environmental conference in South Africa next month and SI is going to do a few side events.
TMNS: I’m okay. The bruises from Saturday are already gone. I think you’re talking about Agent Coulson? I did tell him what happened. So the report is accurate. Thankfully, my aunt still doesn’t know what really happened Saturday. She actually believes the story that I saw something when she dropped me off at Liz’s house and told Miss Laura’s friend Agent Jiménez with the ATCU.
Tony: That actually sounds like a possibility. I’ll pass it on to Yo-Yo. It’s a Shield thing, not an Avenger thing. So she’s kind of running it on her own.
In addition, the monolith dropped off in my lab to have been studying for the last two days does seem to be capable of generating trans-dimensional portals, thus leading credence to the story. Currently I am trying to determine how the monoliths create portals.
Anthony: Be glad I stopped referring to her as the not-a-girlfriend although that’s mostly because I’ve met your real ex-girlfriend who can strangle me with her bare hands. I like her, sometimes.
Red phone: Then I offered our new line of tactical gear and new Stark phones with batteries that last for 18 months without a charge and can withstand the force of the tank. They’re are still upset about the lack of weapons, but who wouldn’t want a phone that doesn’t need to be charged for year and a half.
Counselor Laura: Then there’s the fact that Clint made a lot of powerful enemies as a spy. Having our home address on the registry list, no matter how encrypted, can be dangerous for all of us. Clint has his reasons to join the fight and his own reasons to stay away.
Nomad: Maybe someday. I’m doing some sketches of my old neighborhood. She thinks it might help me reconcile things. I don’t know. It just makes me sad.
“I could understand that. I read your medical file. Even back then, there were treatments for some of your medical problems that did not require dad tinkering with your DNA.”
Counselor Laura: I’ve never seen you as perfect. I’ve always known who you were, maybe even better now because I’m an agent. You must live in the gray in this job. I don’t know what you did because you haven’t told me. However, your other self served me with divorce papers and then went dark to take out Ross. Therefore, it’s going to be difficult for you to shock me at this point.
Counselor Laura: Probably because of years of Howard telling you that you could never be as good as Steve.
“Yes, which was why I had such a hard time believing that you love to me or that my Fitz loved me. And now I’m really glad that you two decided that you would be Leo and he would be Fitz. This is really confusing,” she rambled.
A/N: In Agent Carter, it was revealed that Howard Stark had a very large closet filled with props and costumes because he enjoyed a “theatrical element” to his sexual encounters. My head Canon is Tony eventually found this closet and has been slightly traumatized ever since.
Me: Although the fact my BFF is now in charge of the ragtag bunch of misfits that Coulson scavenged from the ashes does not keep him from making questionable decisions like keeping me in charge of the new Avengers.
The new consultant: She is, but like a level one friend. However, you need a level three friend for this.
Venom: Also, I was staying with the Stark-Rogers because my dad is an alcoholic piece of shit who used to beat the crap out of me. The Watchdogs were a convenient excuse to get me out of hell. That’s not on you, Benji.
“I may not like you personally but we both care about Steve. I will watch his back for you. Although not quite like you do. Less leering.” Natasha snarked.
Tony: No one could be Howard’s version of Captain America. I mean you came close sweetheart but no one is that perfect. Everybody has a dark side, even you.
Me: What did you do to Jane that resulted in her wanting you to answer that question in the New York Times?
Monkey lover 2: In a little bit. I need to work with Dr. Suarez for a little while, as soon as she’s done with Vijay. I’m going to need some medication and probably some therapy. I wish you could be here though.
"You have commitments too.” Melinda tells him. “I think Stark needs you around more. Especially if he keeps adopting young superheroes. You help ground him to some degree."
I don't know how to begin this letter. Honestly, I think writing to Virginia was easier. With her, I knew to begin by promising never to hurt Tony again and assuring her that my feelings for him are genuine. Her reaction to that still wasn't what one would categorizes as warm at first.
May: He’s in love with Tony, and I’m in love with a dead man. At least one of us should get what we want.
Rogers: By the way, do you want me to not tell your husband about getting arrested earlier this week?
HSBF: That was not it. I don't care if people know that I'm not heterosexual. He threatened to torpedo your creation of the DODC after the battle of New York. And considering I saw all too well what evil people can do with alien tech, I’d rather you were overseeing it than someone else. In the end, it kept a lot of things out of the hands of Hydra because Shield would've been handling it otherwise.
Me: You're not going after Nomad, which I’m happy about. Why are you going after Quake? What makes her different?
‘Apparently, the self-flagellation is a universal constant.’ Laura thought to herself. She’s not even surprised Steve asked this question because Tony asked the same thing. God, they are so stupid.
Purple Arrow: Such as you swooping in to save the day when ferries in New York are split apart due to the ‘accidental heroics’ of a 15-year-old in an onesie. That really made the international news. This is why you shouldn’t recruit toddlers.
Nomad: 2, He said you were more qualified to handle this since you have a preteen. I don't get why he said that.
Anthony: He smiled gleefully when I presented the option of Rhodey as an alternative for Shield or whatever they’re going to call it publicly.
I already emailed Peter to let him know that I'm OK, but I thought I should pay you the same courtesy. As always, thank you for the cookies. Sorry it wasn’t sooner, but my handlers did not want me to do anything that could possibly raise my blood pressure, including allowing me to have email access.
Cuddle Bunny: Probably because you have the most field experience. You can also be a really good leader when you want to be.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely lovely. Okay, it is time for another interlude where we explore why things are different in this timeline as opposed to MCU Canon as well as our hope that maybe things are different enough that certain things in Infinity War will not come to pass.
Anthony: Yes. Even though this is not the Secretary’s problem anymore. Its Snookums’ problem and he wasn’t that happy either.
Director Snookums: In that case, check in visits work just as well. Once she is completely trained, Laura will be Ms. Khan’s caseworker. I'm also assigning her to Peter.
Counselor Laura: And maybe make sure nobody feels that loss in my time. I don't want you to feel that. You know that even if you undo everything, the trauma is still going to be there?
Cuddle bunny: How did you find out about this suppose apocalypse? Shouldn’t that have made the news?
Agent M: It’s not a risk now. I don’t care if you have to tranquilize him. Liberty cannot be here right now. It will do Red Malibu no good if he gets arrested or taken out the moment he touches down in New York.
Finally, I want to take a moment to thank Stan Lee for creating a lot of the characters in the story. He did not create the Fantastic Four until he was 39 years old after his wife convinced him to write the story he wanted to see. That means I have four more years to find that perfect story. Even though this is just fanfiction, I’m grateful to be able to play around these characters.
“I think he might be less openly hostile. Okay, I think he’s going to stop trying to set me up with other people. But it’s probably going to take a while for him to be okay with us. Honestly, I think he was so uncomfortable because he kind of knows what happened in Siberia and his dad was an abusive bastard. So I think he was just worried about me becoming a battered boyfriend.” Tony explained and Steve frowned.
“My talk with Sam went well enough this afternoon, so I’m willing to sit down to breakfast, but I don’t think they’re going to want to do a 4 AM breakfast tomorrow. The wedding is at 6 AM tomorrow. Maybe Sunday instead?” Tony suggested and Steve just nodded his head. “Okay, now I really wish I could have gotten here yesterday, but there was a board meeting that I had to go to since Pepper is laying low due to evil ex boyfriends.” Steve also wished Tony got there a day earlier, but he is well aware of how busy his boyfriend really is.
Tony Bear: Thanks for trying. Nobody really has any solutions for the Spidey problem, good ones anyway. The head of Avenger PR suggested that I just give him a suit closer to mine and hold a press conference.
D Fitzsimmons: A sentient Chronicom from the planet Chronyca-2, who never interferes when it’s necessary. Nana and Bobo were my mom's names for her parents. She never actually told me the real names because the Blues would probably kill her for it.
Would you be OK if I considered Melinda family even though she’s my ex-girlfriend? She still understands things that a lot of people don’t. Although, thanks to Talbot now knowing my connection to you, I can’t really email her.
“I’m always telling my group not to feel guilty. That we are here for a reason, and we should make the best of the life we have.” Too bad Steve doesn’t always take his own advice.
“I’m not worried about that. We were both willing to get Will off of that planet to make Simmons happy. We will do what is necessary for her happiness at any cost to ourselves.” Fitz argued back, much to Hunter’s annoyance.
“Some days, I wish they found me sooner, or I never went in the ocean. But then, if things were different, I would not have met you. I wouldn’t have met May or have Robin as my daughter. If Pauly didn’t die, I wouldn’t have Robin either. If the snap didn’t happen, I wouldn’t have Kamala. It feels weird that something so horrible can lead to such good things.” Steve lamented.
Football Hunter: It would be nice, but not everything. We’re both going to be on the UN avenger roster. And I know you’re going to be the new head because May said no.
Director Snookums: Also, they found a very dangerous Hydra weapon that mysteriously disappeared from Shield lockup 48 hours ago. Something that nobody told me about until they found the missing weapon. There were also 10 unconscious members of the watchdog terrorist group.
Me: Despite the fact that this connection is super encrypted, I’m a little afraid to acknowledge the current status of my really complicated relationship with Steve Rogers. You told your BFF you had superpowers. I’m a little worried about this ending up on your Twitter account.
Warning: Tiny spoilers for AoS episode 4.2 and 4.3. But I’m deliberately going against what they’re doing so I don’t think it counts.
“How is Clint? Did you get to see him? Tony’s more likely to give me a update on Laura and the kids.”
Me: Exactly, and I do owe him enough to not make him uncomfortable unnecessarily. So we’re just going back to old-fashioned encryption because apparently nobody appreciates the brilliance of porn subterfuge.
“With the lack of therapists, I haven't really been able to do anything about it. But I have suspected that as a possibility for a while. It kind of stood out during my counselor training. Reading the description in the book, I thought this is exactly what I'm feeling."
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all fabulous. It’s time for some fun with Steve and Tony. However, it’s Dr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers this time around. The awkward adventures of Steve May-Rogers and Tony Potts will be up soon, I promise.
HSBF: Maybe we should reduce how often we are communicating with each other by adopting something similar to what Laura does.
Red phone: This is us under reconstruction. I don’t know what we are building, but it is going to be sturdier than before. With Pepper, I’m not sure if reconstruction is an option because it feels like there’s nothing left but gravel and sand.
The new consultant: So Afia told me that you know and told me to text you via the Avengers communication system before running into some top-secret meeting that will hopefully tell her where the fuck my cousin is. Are you in Avenger medical?
I’m sorry for how things turned out between us. If circumstances were different, I think we could’ve been friends. Maybe it would be possible someday. You’re not your aunt. You are your own person and I see that. I’m sorry that I didn’t at first.
Venom: Will he let you miss school the next day? We are not coming in tomorrow. We are supposed to come back Tuesday, but I don’t know if MJ is ready. If she’s not going, I’m not going.
“Probably." At those words, Flash reached across Peter to squeeze MJ's hand. Peter ignores how close they are to him or tries to. The spider senses are working on overload, picking up their increased heartbeat and the smell of the perfume that MJ’s wearing and Flash’s cologne. His body feels on edge.
Agent L. Barton: I’m not going to say I’m upset about seeing Steve wrapped around Tony like a blanket. But how are you handling this?
Me: Speaking of passive aggressive behavior, in addition to keeping the armor on the sidelines, Agent Scary took my phone. Do you have any idea how cruel that is? I think I spent the first two hours in communications withdrawal. Also I had nobody to make snide comments to besides Agent Scary. It was awful.
Nomad: Also good. Especially the part about avoiding Jack, Jim, or José. I don’t think sex with random strangers is going to make you feel better.
Me: Come on, we’re not stupid enough to fly to Red Malibu directly. We’re planning to fly to Canada first then come in through the back. Justin has been a little more favorable towards enhanced people then his American counterparts.
It turns out Tony did make T’Challa’s call sign Kitty brother. Kitty brother is obviously concerned. But what else is Kitty Brother up to?
SimmonsJA: Your relationship with Stefan is fragile. You’re just starting to rebuild it. After everything that happened, maybe it’s better to keep with the rebuilding instead of just throwing in another physical component.
I am okay that you consider your ex-girlfriend family. She is an Avenger now, so she’s part of your Avenger family anyway. Besides, with the way things are going, she might be married to Coulson by the time we get this mess straightened out and get you back into the country. Fingers crossed, in both cases it be sooner rather than later. I feel like he’s going to have to die again for those two to get it together.
Tosha: We can’t ask Deke these questions because he’s not here, and Simmons is not answering. Also, I’m 99% sure her bottle of water is tequila.
Me: It wouldn't be fair to either of you because they would be in love with this idea that doesn't really exist. Not this tangible being, who despite being an asshole sometimes, has some good qualities. Things would fall apart quickly once they realized that the ideal and the reality don’t match.
Red phone: Since you asked your rhetorical question it’s my turn. I want to know more about your ex-girlfriend?
The Boy in the Chair: I would definitely do that, quickly. Walking in on your parental figures would make anybody nauseous. Wait, why are you not sick? If I walked in on something like that, I think I would need like a month of therapy. I’m so glad neither of my parents are back on the dating scene yet.
Me: Yes or rather he was. Between his unwillingness to go out and try to arrest you and the cluster fuck that took out half of Galileo, Agent was asked to step down as the director of an organization that doesn’t technically exist.
Me: True, but that’s real and I’d rather give them fantasy. I don’t want the world to know the real details of my love life. The fact that there is a sex tape out there, that she asked me questions about is enough. Besides, my story was hot and romantic, which is always a winner. I was going for romantic and something that couldn’t be verified.
At that question, Laura realized that Bruce never asked her about that. Bruce never asked her any questions about her being a Shield agent. This made Laura think that Melinda deliberately kept that information from the man.
Venom: Afia has been telling me she is a robot since we first met each other, and I didn’t believe her. What is wrong with me?
I also love the man who would lie to the board to cover up the fact that his friend and head of security disregarded a preapproved action plan. Therefore, accidentally leading to a lot of Avenger tech being on the black market if not for the intervention of a teenager from Queens. They all think that last night was a trap.
Me: He avoided you for six days and you were driving us all crazy during those six days. That’s your answer.
HSBF: No, just Sam. And should you really be eating bacon glazed doughnuts? Your heart stopped last month.
“Or perspective step-parents. My aunt is currently dating my professor right now, which is weird.” He can’t explain it, but Olivia makes his body tingle and not in a safe way like Flash and MJ. He has no idea why.
“Look, the sooner we deal with the superior, the sooner we can get back to our real lives and your boyfriend.”
I know it's taking forever to get to South Africa, but it is coming. It's just super villains have got in the way along with the fact that I cannot post more than a chapter a week right now. I banked a bunch of chapters before moving, but to make sure there are no really long breaks, it's going to be only one a week.
Purple Princess: Although FYI, dad’s Deputy Director did not die in a car accident. She did have her daughter chained up, though, and Suarez is currently dealing with that mess. Also, Coulson’s back but dealing with stuff in DC.
TMNS: I accidentally took my mask off in front of him, and it just ballooned from there. I don’t want to talk about it. Some of it I can’t tell you about even over this line.
Nomad: Well, you can probably use the calories and I made sure that whatever they sent you did not have sunflower seeds.
Me: Sometimes, more than one. We’ll get there on the 20th. Or at least I will. Some of the others may come a little later. You will spend the next 4 days pampering me, then we will do a quick stop over in Italy to grab pizza because we are going to have to bring pizza.
Be good, baby girl. Listen to the agents. They are there to keep you safe. When I get back we will fix the Barbie Hot Rod together.
Me I think we already covered that Iron Man and Captain America were not exchanging Mash notes in your original timeline. If the end of the world is coming, I’d rather have them on speaking terms. So that’s a big difference. Do you consider that your version of hell?
Tosha: Oh great, they’re arguing. Like we need this right now. I think I need to take Simmons’ “water bottle.”
“I think we’re going to have to have this conversation a lot because we have a lot to work through.” Wasn’t that the fucking truth.
The Mechanic: We don’t think so, but all we know for sure is a spider was involved and that spider is now dead. He won’t even tell us how he encountered said spider or if that spider was genetically modified.
“See now I wish you what had told me that when we were closer to Brooklyn. Text your…” Steve is sure Tony was going to say your wife but stopped himself. “Text May and tell her to scan them, and I'll upload them to Friday. That way, you won't have to risk dying to get them. I really don’t want you dead.”
“That doesn’t matter. We should’ve talked things out. We should have never got to Siberia.” Tony said as he grabbed the phone and called room service. Steve wasn’t quite sure what his boyfriend was ordering, but there was a lot of it and he trusted Tony’s judgment when it came to food.
Anthony: And I’m not actually mad at you. After thinking about it and having two wonderful sessions with Dr. Suarez, I realize that you were just being cautious and didn’t want to worry me for no good reason. I mean if things turned out the other way and there was nothing there, I would’ve been glad that you waited to tell me.
Venom: Because Stark watches are evil, BITC now knows I’m not heterosexual. There may have been a voice rec snafu.
Purple Princess: You got rid of the images of Joey putting the hammer back together. That was a valuable contribution.
Tony: No, our AIs in the two timelines are conspiring with each other and sent May a bunch of work stuff. Although she's going to possibly come up on the weekend.
Avenger Friday: VP Rhodes pushed personally for a pardon. I do not know this Mumbai agreement that you speak of.
“At a minimum, I can trust Rhodey to look out for the interests of everybody. I think he would do a good job. He’s talked me down from doing a lot of stupid shit over the years.”
The Mechanic: Yes. He was told not to get involved and that others would handle it. Did he listen? No. So I took the suit away temporarily to try to get him to think about what he did and then Homecoming happened. Apparently, I’m not good at grounding teenagers yet.
“Well, obviously not for being the merchant of death. I still have nightmares about Morgan finding that stupid sex tape that Tiberius made behind my back after my parents died. That’s going to be a fun conversation.” That’s a conversation he never wants to actually have.
Monkey Lover 2: She’s gotten better. You should see what she can do with a tub of ice, some fake blood, and an LMD head. That didn't happen in this timeline, but she still has the skills.
Me: Not anymore. He’s going to be doing some of the Jarvis foundation stuff in sub-Saharan Africa. At least I can trust him not to try to kill me.
“At least you didn’t accidentally post a pic of your genitalia on Instagram. Kamala didn’t talk to me for a month after that incident. She was so embarrassed because all her friends at school kept asking her about it.” Steve lamented. Tony remembers that social media screw up very well. It was the highlight of last October. Robin was actually sleeping over the night that it happened.
May: Looking at possible divorce attorneys. I think it’s time to move forward. We will always be friends, but this marriage was an arrangement to keep the kids and ourselves from falling apart in the aftermath of the hell that was April 2018. It’s not necessary anymore, especially if he’s ready to be with Tony. I think as long as we’re still married, Steve won’t move forward.
Me: It’s kind of hard to tell. Also, since he was already turning into a giant monster like inhuman that likes to kill other inhumans/enhanced persons before he was killed, she’s probably been grieving for a while.
Tony: OK, one last question because I think we should save that emotionally draining stuff for later or for email but you’re sending me yours first.
Boss: He’s going up against terrorist cells alone again, isn’t he, because he has a death wish? Again, he has the self-preservation skills of a slug.
Blue phone: Instead, you could come and check on me for yourself. Maybe if you see that I’m still here you’ll stop panicking.
“With MJ being targeted because the public now knows that she is Quake's cousin, her mom felt it was a good idea. So we’re both alternate guardians right now.” Tony explained.
Red Phone: Even if she’s in California 90% of the time, it feels like the company’s not big enough for the both of us. I would leave if I could, but my name’s on the front of the building, so I don’t think I can.
“It is a perfect time, Karen. Work with Mary to make sure I have the weekend free for Peter and May for that matter.” Because she’s going to need a friend too. “I should probably get up, but I don’t want to leave the scent of Steve behind.”
“I know and I hope you find her ridiculously wealthy benefactor.” Tony reached up to pulls Steve into a kiss. “So we really don’t have time for another round?”
Anthony: Not that one. We need to do a movie night where we watch the same movie and I just send you snarky comments the entire time.
Me: Shellhead is trying to buy his way out of it, but he’s keeping Secretary Asshole away from my kids and came up with a way for me to see them, so maybe I’ll forgive him eventually.
Blue phone: I would point out how you were hampered by other people's agendas, but instead I'm just going to ask why Queens wasn't with you?
We are again in the bad timeline. This makes sense because we will have three days in this timeline before we meet back with the other timeline, only a few hours later.
Because this is a text message conversation, Tony and Steve start using acronyms you may not know. Any time that happens, there will be a key at the end of the micro chapter.
Hey sweetie. I’m glad that you got to talk to your mom. I promise that we will work on getting her back as soon as possible. Apparently, there’s a meeting as soon as I get back to discuss that. Unfortunately, for reasons Ana refuses to elaborate on, it's not something that can be moved.
Counselor Laura: Well, not your litany, but rather my Tony’s litany of pet names. He’s also partial to Cuddle Bunny, Capt. Tight Pants, Sugar muffin, and Nomad.
Me: Mexican Sprite and fresh squeezed orange juice. Not horrible, especially mostly because I’m using the good stuff with actual sugar.
5. You’re forgiving and willing to give almost anybody a second chance, including me. That is just shocking considering how many times you’ve been stabbed in the back by people that you trusted, like Obadiah. Yet, you let your heart stay open because you let me back in after what happened. I am still shocked about that. But I’m glad you let me back in after the mistakes I made. I think that’s what I love the most about you.
“Not surprising. That’s who you are.” He said as he placed an arm around Tony. Apparently, that was still allowed.
Anthony: Oh my poor sexually deprived little lamb. I wish things were less screwed up so I could demonstrate in person. Let's just say it's a sexual activity that should freak out whoever is reading this enough to get them to turn away. Although I do wonder what your enhanced tongue could do.
Just like the last in person conversation, this begins almost immediately after the last message, meaning it’s still September 24. It is going to be September 24 for a while actually. This is going to be a big day for us in this story. Yes, May did steal Steve’s phone.
The possible marriage thing made its way onto TMZ right after the Mumbai attacks. And yet they still haven’t figured out who Stefan actually is. I don’t know whether to be happy or concerned. You should probably talk to Stefan directly. It’s better to be clear about what you want.
Red phone: In hindsight, it gives me another reason to hate Obadiah. Actually, Jarvis’s death was the reason why I allowed that man to stay in position after I turned 25. I was too much of a mess to take over at that point. So many drugs.
Anthony: Lila is six and she knows that Clint is staying away because the bad guys want to hurt him and he doesn’t want her to get caught in the crossfire. Why couldn’t Howard sit down and have that conversation with me?
Me: It’s okay. I am trying to keep a low profile until dinner tonight. If people see me on your arm, they’re obviously going to easily figure out who I am to you.
Melinda: Its best not to. She is also now an LMD named Afia. Apparently, it means a daughter born on Friday. To help us she needed a physical form. Apparently, Leo has been working on this plan for weeks.
I’m sure we’ll have some time to talk. Tony is supposed to actually participate in this conference. I wasn’t planning on actually being Stefan Carter at the event, but I think I need to be. It would be safer that way.
“You know, normal people actually ask somebody to marry them before they start planning the hypothetical wedding,” Steve replied.
Tony: I think he gets that. To him it’s more that he wants to save people and making the world a better place. I think there was someone he couldn’t save and now he’s trying to make up for it.
Counselor Laura: That seems like one of Tony’s fantasies, but no one wanted to make him a martyr or get arrested for his execution.
HSBF: You actually told him that you had no idea where Captain America was because there is no longer a Captain America? More importantly, the lie detector accepted it?
"So, I should do a press conference at the upstate Avenger facility when I get back and let him decide if he wants to be the main attraction?" Tony joked. At least Steve hopes this is a joke.
Tony: Your ex-girlfriend asked her to babysit her daughter until said daughter is ready to go home because she’s being reckless and chasing after the watchdogs by herself because she is still not dealing with the boyfriend who died for all our sins. If you and me could have a child, that child would be Skye Quake. Your recklessness and my computer skills, as well as a tendency for self-flagellation. It’s a deadly combination and she has it.
Girl Friday: If I remember correctly when I was just an AI, I had standing orders not to tell anybody when you were meeting with the president. Not even Pepper. I feel like little sister might have this code as well.
The Mechanic: He’s on the pre-approved to use Friday for whatever needs necessary list. So are you, for that matter.
Anthony: In your defense, I was kind of in the middle of a blackout rage. I’m sure you understand considering what you did to Clint’s jaw.
“No, but get rid of the bottle. Also, I need a protein bar or something, if I’m to survive the next four hours until the dinner. Thankfully SI is sponsoring the opening banquet tonight so there will be food. Why do they not really feed us?"
Note: Benjamin is another codename for Peter. I feel like everybody in the story has at least six names, not counting Steve that has about 60. Tony just can’t find the right replacement for Cuddle Bunny.
Red phone: She sent Laura a thank you card with $20 inside because apparently she lost a bet to Clint about us. So at least we know she’s alive, even though we have no idea where she is.
Girl Friday: Considering what we talked about last night, that’s probably wise. So, if he’s with his mom, I can’t even send a text message because she hates me. Loves my cousin but hates me, and she’s the one who caused him to pass out in the first place.  It wasn’t my fault he couldn’t reconcile his email friend with my Royal cousin.
“I think he is starting to accept that Pepper and I will never ever be together for real this time.”
Anthony: No, they would make me feel better, at least until the orgasm high wore off, but then I would have to deal with the post one-night stand crash. It turns out I like relationships. I’m shit at them, but I like them.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. You’re all beautiful. Also, I’m working on the next batch of chapters right now, so your reviews will be extra helpful.
Melinda hit the send button of her message before looking up to see who walked into the room she was using at the West Coast Avenger facility. She thought she had time for a quick chat with Steve before she would be needed. Jeffrey was still dealing with press along with the director, his demotion wasn’t public knowledge yet. It will come out once Director Rhodes goes to the State Department. Although, his lie about Daisy being undercover the entire time may make Director Rhodes send out that press release a little early.
“I really thought I was doing good at keeping that a secret.” She said with a groan as she hit the send button.
Person that cares about my boss: So he has an 11-year-old and a six-year-old with him to meet the president? To discuss the treatment of enhanced persons under the Treaty?
Me: I think Friday is about 30 seconds from blocking the rest of your text messages because apparently I need to get a few more hours of sleep before I’m forced to make another appearance at the ATCU
Okay, let’s talk about all the things I love about you. I love that I don’t have to pretend with you. You know about who I was before and not just what the history books say about me. You also know who I am now. You don’t see me as somebody perfect and I love that. I love talking to you. I love that you keep me grounded and tethered to the present. You always give me something to look forward to.
Boss Tony: He could be an imposter. It wouldn’t be the first time because, apparently, shape-shifting aliens exist.
Agent 13: He was a great grandpa and made up for the fact that my dad was long gone. Granted he died when I was young, but he really did love her. I think a piece of her died when he did. They're buried next to each other.
Red phone: I haven't told Ross about our conversations. I’m also making sure our little gossip sessions are NSA and ATCU proof.
Agent Laura: Even though I’ve been part of an open marriage for a long time, even before the separation, I know better than to fuck Dr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers. You two are just way too needy. Some relationships really are platonic.
Tony: I think the starlet leaked it to the press for attention because me and Pepper Pop were not together for over a year and nobody knew.
The Mechanic: I’m even going through the process to become a certified foster parent for those with powers. I don’t think it’s going to happen because even with my money, no social worker in their right mind would approve me, but I’m working on it.
Me: The thing covered in peanut sauce was probably fried in sunflower oil which means this wasn’t his fault. Thankfully, Ms. Potts keeps an EpiPen on her due to her strawberry allergy. However, Tony, Ms. Potts and Agent May are on their way to the hospital.
Me: No, I don't think that. I had this professor in undergrad who said that who you were five years ago doesn't exist anymore. The only version of you that really exists at this moment is who you are now because everything you’ve dealt with in the interim has fundamentally changed who you are.
HSBF: She is adjusting. She is seeing my doctor too and I think it's helping. She is always talking about her brother dying now which is more than she did before.
Anthony: Yes. Although I wonder if you hate him more, considering you’re the one who thinks that I can get away with killing him. This is why this particular conversation is getting switched out with something really graphic involving rimming.
I also don’t want to lead various world governments to you, at least right now. There are a few that know about me, like the new head of the replacement for Shield. At the moment we have an understanding. I’m not sure how long that’s going to last, because he may be moving to another agency soon, but again I’m hopeful.
Ana 2018: Dir. Stark-Rogers was distracted and did not activate the childproofing protocol for those files until Lily accessed the files. Access locks have firmly been put in place, and she is unable to watch again.
Tony: Besides, Yo-Yo is coming, I think. It depends on if she finds the guy who keeps burning various criminals alive in East LA. Otherwise, I’m bringing other random agents with me because my BFF won’t let me bring Monkey Lover or Agent America. But hey they’ll have somebody to hang out with.
Chief Mechanic: This means that you’re up to check up on why the kids are still in the labs at 2 AM. Ana just had to wake me up after a beautiful night of catching up with my fiancé because it’s 2 AM, and my child hasn’t even attempted a sleep cycle yet.
Agent Laura: Back in my timeline, we have our own addiction program in-house for the ATCU/shield. It was actually your other self’s idea. Your old Florida property is now the rehab house there.
Me: And my road to Hell is paved with platinum. The lunch last month was Pepper’s way of telling me that it was over for good. She met someone else. Someone normal. Someone who can give her what I could not. So as soon as the paparazzi get the first picture of him and her making out somewhere, the illusion will be over.
Tony: I’m in charge of putting a bunch of fail safes in there to keep it from being misused by, and I quote, “deadly emotion-seeking robots bent on becoming human who don’t understand the concept of no.”
Football Hunter: Baby brother arrived safe and sound to the lighthouse to commence operation, relocate the rocks that eat people and spit them out in other places/time periods.
Purple arrow: My wife was kidnapped by another version of myself from five years into the future. Worst of all, I wasn’t there.
So, Steve was right, that no matter the awkwardness or bad blood they could fight and quip with the best of them.
“She is under arrest, but Director Rhodes doesn’t want the information to go public until after the election. He doesn’t want to accidentally influence it one way or the other. If you are from the future who actually won last time?”
Red phone: Not tonight. That requires the good drugs and I’m abstaining, but I’m willing to talk about Jarvis.
This Steve and Tony definitely got through those questions a lot faster than their other timeline counterparts. This seems like something easier to go through in person. This chapter showed how different this Tony and Steve are compared to the other timeline.  At the same time, there are similarities. We have 23 more questions to get through.
Tony: You're my best friend, too, and I love you as well. I wish my fiancée lived in the same country as me, but I'm working on it. But I'm happy, sober, and in a much better place than I was seven months ago. Steve makes me happy. Right now this is the happiest I’ve been in a very long time.
“That would be useful. So what’s happening with the Morales family?” Steve asked, genuinely concerned.
Good news, Loki did not promise that I would be the Grand Master's new concubine. Although, I wonder if Loki made no such promise regarding himself. Surprisingly, I was ready to quake the Grand Master when he tried to grope Loki's breasts. I think that's when I stopped hating him a little bit.
Tony: OK, we are just going to hold onto that memory as we try to get through the rest of this list or this section because we are so not going past question 24 tonight.
May: When will our Simmons be leaving for treatment? She needs to be somewhere else if she really wants to make progress. She will also need to detox.
“Basement, although my garage was in the basement. I guess technically, it was true. How did you even know about that?” Tony asked, surprised.
Agent Laura: I am glad you and Steve had a real conversation, even if you needed help from the New York Times. How many questions did you get through?
Nomad: 1, He is not with me on this mission. Only red and her advice is essentially just sleep with Anthony.
Me: I’m not either. I’ll text you again on Sunday around lunchtime, your time, at least what I think your time zone is. You can have about six burgers and I can drink Virgin Mamosas with my French toast. It can be a brunch date.
MayMQ: Because you never know what could happen here. Besides, you’re the one who really wants to train with it.
“If I share something extremely embarrassing that has never made it to the tabloids, will you tell me the real story behind the Instagram incident?” Tony asked.
