Sam exhaled a gust of relieve when he peered in to see Dean and Jessica hugging each other. Dean was sitting on Jude's bed and softly crying onto Jessica's small shoulder. And Jessica was patting his back, comforting him with gentle words. Dickie was sitting on the floor nearby and the sight of them all gave Sam a bittersweet feeling. Poor Dean. Sam couldn't imagine how he was feeling right now. A missing spouse was one thing, but a missing child? That seemed worse. Sam hated that everyone was so upset, but he was also proud of his daughter for being so helpful and calm during this crisis. She was so brave and beautiful. Just like her Papa...
Everyone at the table chuckled at Sam's little joke. He expected Gabriel to fire back with an equally cheeky retort. But in response, the blonde archangel simply flew himself into Sam's lap, hooking an arm around his neck and raising a glass to the rest of the table.
After feeling Jude tug on the end of his jacket, Dean stood up and let his three-year-old tell Cas goodbye. Jude gave his papa's waist a quick hug and yanked on Dean's hand. Dean only had time to give Cas's shoulder one last squeeze before their son pulled him away. The kid was obviously excited to hit the road.
Nothing made that sentiment truer than when Dean came across the book hidden in the desk drawer. He slid the wooden drawer open – being nosey, as usual – and found the black cover of a Holy Bible staring back at him. Dean smirked as he reached in to pick up the leather-bound book and stare at the cover. He never expected to find such a holy relic in Hell. Honestly, it was a miracle that the book hadn’t burst into flames in a place like this. But it was just like Cas to keep something so meaningful hidden away. It was his father’s book. The thing was probably precious to the guy and he wanted to keep it safe.
Jude and Jessica both took a step back from Bobby, letting the old man see them properly. Jude was dressed in a green sweater and Jessica was wearing a red dress, both covered in flour and looking like something from a Christmas card. Sam and Gabriel were standing together near a table of the huge study and Dean had wandered over to stand near Cas in front of a Christmas tree, which was clearly decorated by the toddlers. Peter, Willy, and Humphrey found their dad and were currently chasing him around the room. Faint Christmas music was humming somewhere in the distance, too. And for a second, Bobby felt truly welcome. It felt like he had come home to see his own kids for the holidays and everyone was there... except one person. And it was the one person he missed the most...
“So then, I was like, ‘we really need to get a place of our own.’ And Jess was all, ‘Charlie can have her own room here.’ And that sounds like a good idea, until you factor in all the hunting stuff,” Oliver huffed, “I mean, don’t get me wrong, man. I love hunting with you guys. But it’s not something I want my daughter to be around.”
The paintbrush broke in half inside Dean's clinched fist and the wet part fell to the ground, splattering the grass with red paint. Dean blinked down at it in the dark for a second, feeling his own heart racing with anger. Dammit. Just thinking about his child's uncertain future made Dean want to hulk-out. Sam casually bent down and picked up the broken paintbrush before using it to keep painting. He picked up on the sigil right where Dean left off, finishing it for him without being asked.
to do it. We can go slow, take our time, and do it the right way. I promise I can take it. I trust you more than anyone. You could never hurt me... Future husband...”
Dickie gave a quiet bark at his master's command, as if he was ready to take on the role of guard dog. Sam took a breath of Jessica's sweet-smelling hair as he watched Gabriel walk over to stand next to Cas, who was in the middle of embracing Dean. Sammy noticed that Jude was hovering around Cas's side, too – and sneaking a plastic figurine of Superman into Cas's pocket. Although it seemed a bit weird, Sam didn't point the action out to anyone. He assumed that Jude wanted to put the toy in Cas's pocket for safe keeping or something.
It had been quite a while since Bobby had a teenager in his charge. Jude and Jess came to visit every so often, but they only stayed for a few days at best. Having Clarence in his house all the time was going to be a drastic change. Bobby knew that. And he knew that he was much older than Clarence, and probably wouldn't be considered 'hip' or 'cool.' But he just couldn't stand to see the kid without a proper home, especially after what happened with Meg. Besides, the thought of having a kid around full time made Bobby feel kind of giddy. Part of him hoped that Clarence might fill the void of loneliness that he had to deal with when Crowley and Rowena were away.
"What, you thought I was gonna send you to that party without making sure you looked absolutely perfect?" he scoffed, "I'm not much of a beautician, or a fairy godmother, but this Papa is gonna do his best to make sure his daughter is the most breathtaking girl at that dance. You're gonna make all the other girls jealous."
Dean woke up with a start, jutting up and blinking repeatedly toward the people entering the room. His green eyes focused on Gabriel and Sam before he glanced toward the window to see the darkness beyond.
Bobby paused his speech to dig a small metal box out of his pocket. There was some kind of strange symbol on the front that Sam couldn't recognize and the container looked like it was made of bronze or gold. Bobby held out the box to Dean, who took it and opened it up to reveal a huge key. Dean picked up the metal key and held it in his hand so that everyone could see it, but they were all confused.
Though he was a bit sad about being left out, Jude was really happy for his two best friends. He knew that Jessie and Ollie were going to have a great time together tonight. After being forced to listen to Ollie's desperately awkward attempt to ask Jessie to this dance, Jude was absolutely certain that they liked each other. Not just as friends, but as 'more than friends.' And he was completely cool with his friends' developing romance. It was just difficult for him now that he was, as Dad liked to say, 'the third wheel.' Jude thought that phrase was pretty stupid. How was a tricycle supposed to work if it didn't have all three wheels?
Crowley paused for a second, in case anyone wanted to comment. But, of course, nobody said anything. They just wanted him to quit yammering about his accomplishments and get to the freaking point already. The demon continued after the small silence.
*big giant hugs* As I stated at the end of part 8, I promise that there will be little to no real angst in this part. So get ready for the fluff and humor! (and plenty of smut) ;D I really hope that you all enjoyed this first chapter! I'm sure you all caught the reference, but when Jude first stepped out in his all white attire, Dean was referring to Lucifer's get-up from 'The End.' (Way too much white. Had to change out the ties. Lol) ;D And I know that you might have a few questions about the weddings, but more info will be divulged in next week's chapter. :) And I hope you're ready for some funny situations and character growth, 'cause it's all on the way! :D Thank you guys so so so so much for sticking with this story for so long and sharing your love with me! I seriously don't deserve any of you. You're all too precious for this world! :D
Phew. What an emotional chapter. *wipes brow* There were a lot of breakthroughs this time that I hope you guys enjoyed reading about. :) As far as Ollie goes, I hope that the idea of him chopping off the head of a ghoul that looks like his dad wasn't too disturbing. He knew it wasn't really his dad, just a likeness. But there are still some deeply rooted psychiatric issues there. (It's Supernatural. What's new, right? Lol!) XD Plus, that rant he gave his dad was a long time coming. (And believe me when I say that it was cathartic for me to write it out, too. Go Ollie!) :D I hope that all the lore surrounding the ghoul and how to fight/kill it seemed close to canon. There are so many monsters on Supernatural, I get it all mixed up sometimes. Lol. :) And for Jessie, she was finally able to find all the loving support she needed in the arms of her one and only Papa. :) I think a lot of us forget that even though something might seem bad and we think we're alone, we are never really alone. There are always people there to help you through hard times. Just like the SPN family – who we will always have, long after the last episode airs. ;) I hope you all enjoyed this chapter! Thank you all so much for reading, commenting, and being my Supernatural family. I love each and every one of you! *hugs*  The next chapter – which contains the wedding! – will be out soon!  :)
“No, it's okay,” Jane interrupted with a shrug, even though her voice was kind of high, “Every family has secrets... At least some of yours are good ones... Not everyone is so lucky...”
Papa and uncle Dean both gave Daddy tired looks, like they couldn't believe that he interrupted to say that. Jessica was kind of confused about why they were looking at each other that way, but she agreed with Dad's suggestion. It probably would be better to have
Castiel gulped down the rest of his frantic sentence and blinked toward the charcoal bark of the log. He could still hear the distant howls of predators and faint screams of prey from just beyond their makeshift campsite. Dean and Gabriel were right. Castiel needed to keep his voice down if they were going to make it through the night without being seen. As the angel attempted to calm himself by taking deep breaths, he felt Dean's hand cup his face in the dark. The steadiness and strength of his husband's fingers amazed and confounded Castiel beyond words. How could Dean be so tranquil in such a vicious environment, knowing that their precious child was in danger?
“As long as Jay likes it, we're good,” Clare shrugged, lifting up his own collar to hang the white tie around his neck, “Ro, can you help me with this? I've never been any good with ties.”
“That thing looks just like the General Lee,” Dean mentioned, sounding impressed, “It's in great condition too. Man, I wanna see that thing up close.”
“I swear on the head of the Catholic church,” he grumbled, almost glaring at the woman in his throne, “if you ask me to fetch you another batch of cookies from the north of England just because they 'taste fancy,' I'm going to -”
"I think so, too," he nodded, "Alright. Now that the hairdo is done, Jude and I will slip out so that you can put your dress on. I figured we could go to Jane's house a little early and take some pictures. Sound good?"
“Because... She made me realize how much I take you for granted,” Dean admitted soberly under his breath, “Hearing Meg. Watching her hold onto you. Seeing that look in her eye... It reminded me of how lucky I am. My life would be hell if you were with someone else. If I didn't have you, Cas,” Dean paused to let out a shaky, terrified chuckle, “I wouldn't have anything. No love, no home, no
“Well, well. Look what the stork flew in,” Gabriel spat, giving Dean the stink eye, “Are you here to apologize to Castiel and beg for everyone's forgiveness? Or are you here to drop off your first child support check? Because, either way, you've got a pretty big set of balls to show your face after abandoning my pregnant little brother like that.”
“You're very lucky that I'm so fond of you, Singer. A comment like that would have meant a one way trip to the pit for anyone else,” Crowley mused.
While horrible thoughts plagued Dean's mind, he caught sight of Jude's stuffed bee sitting on the bedside table. The thing was worn and frayed around the edges where Jude had cuddled it so much, but it was still as cute as the day he was born. A sad, tiny smile appeared on Dean's lips as he reached over to pick up his son's favorite toy and turn it over in his hands.
Jess’s eyes traveled from her smiling daughter up to the truck, where she met eyes with Oliver – and remembered what they were about to do. A thick build up of homesickness and dread slowly started to overtake Jess’s happiness. Today, she and Oliver were going to walk into their own home for the first time…
When he felt Clare return the embrace, Jude rested his head on Clare's shoulder and closed his eyes. In his mind, he pictured a map of the United States – namely, the hand-colored map from his bedroom that his parents had given him. He internally explained to his grace that he needed to get to Windom before allowing it to work. Of course, Jude's grace took off like a high powered rocket ship, blasting him and Clare through space toward the location he was thinking of. And though it curdled his stomach, Jude braced himself and waited for the ride to come to a stop, holding onto Clare's warm body the whole time.
. Cas must have felt it too because the angel suddenly ripped the blanket away to look down at his own stomach in wonder. Dean was utterly speechless. All he could do is stare at Cas's bump in shock. Holy shit! The baby moved! He moved because Dean sang to him! Because he heard Dean's voice!
“Crowley can no longer speak,” the angel informed, staring boldly down into the ocean orbs that mimicked his own, “His health is highly compromised and Rowena has estimated that she can only hold off the curse for a few more hours...”
Sam resisted the urge to roll his eyes. Oh boy. Oliver had probably taken a wrong turn or something and ended up lost among the stacks of mangled cars in the salvage yard. Sam reached up to pat his daughter's shoulder, wanting to give her some reassurance.
There were a few seconds which Jessica considered shouting to them and telling them that Lucifer was upstairs. She wanted to alert anyone and everyone to the fact that the devil had backed her into a corner and was forcing her to do something she didn’t want to do. But the thought of Charlie disappearing forever made her reconsider. If Jessica was to tell someone, Lucifer would probably fly away prematurely and keep Charlie out of spite. Or worse. He would
Sam blinked down at the screen in wonder. The brick bathroom? Really? The same one they got caught trying to have sex in a few days before? Sam glanced out of his own window to see the building a few yards away. The place was relatively visible in the dark. Another small streetlight was glowing near the entrance, but it was flickering between dim and bright. Sam exhaled softly, half from annoyance and half from disbelief. Why did Gabe want him to bring Jessica to the bathroom? Was this some kind of weird hide-and-seek thing? Did he decorate the inside of it or something? Why was he doing this? Although Sam was confused and leery, he decided to trust his archangel anyway. Gabriel always had a plan, especially when it involved Jessica.
With a gruff sigh, Jess eventually sat up and tossed her legs over the side of the bed to stare down at the fuzzy rainbow rug under her bare feet. She was really happy for her cousin and his boyfriend – now fiance. But if she was being honest, part of her was kind of jealous. Jessica was sure that she should have been engaged to Oliver by now. While she had never seen the proposal in any of her dreams, Jess knew that Ollie was going to marry her and start a family. In fact, she had seen herself married and pregnant by the time Jude and Clare's wedding rolled around – so what was the hold up? Was Ollie too scared or nervous to ask her? … Or were her visions wrong? What if all the things she saw were just dreams instead of premonitions?
Jude looked up from the paper and let the words sink in. Huh. Why did Grandpa John say that he wouldn't always be there to save Dad and uncle Sammy? Daddies were
“I don't need your shitty pep talk,” Clarence breathed, “I know you've had a good life, Jude. And I'm happy for you. But I'm fine. So just leave me alone.”
A few moments of silence ticked by, during which Sam tried to shake the glitter out of his daughter's blonde hair, before Gabriel finally appeared. The archangel popped into the scene by the brick building, looking just as handsome and carefree as Sam remembered. The hems of his jacket sleeves looked like the were burnt off, probably from messing with molten lava. Once he flew to the park, Gabriel spun around in circles to find Sam. And when Gabe finally spotted his family a few feet away, his jaw dropped in utter surprise. Sam and Jessica must have looked like purple disco balls or something, because Gabe swallowed a chuckle as he raced over to them.
followed Jessica's direction, because it seemed like the little girl knew exactly where she was going. She led them down a long corridor of white and gray brick walls, taking a few turns down a T-shaped route. Once they got to a particular door in the hallway of rooms, Jessica let go of her fathers' hands and struggled to reach the doorknob.
Before Jude had too much time to dwell on his own thoughts, Clarence raised up to remove his own underwear – which allowed Jude to see his firm erection, too. Gazing at the rest of Clarence's body made Jude's own shaft flicker around excitedly. Clare was so
“Awesome,” he mumbled, “Then that's what we'll get him. Finish your breakfast so we can get on the road, kids.”
“This issue can no longer be handled with childish banter, Gabriel,” the angel growled, his deep voice sounding like tumbling boulders, “It is a very serious matter and you would do well to treat it as such.”
The truck had just made it into Lebanon proper when Oliver got a phone call. Though Sam was a little worried about Ollie driving and talking on the phone at the same time, he didn't say anything. He didn't want to distract the kid any further. But Sam noticed that when Oliver glanced down at the screen, his smile instantly faded. Sam, Dean, and Jude all quieted down and listened to Oliver's side of the conversation.
At this answer, Jude's eyebrows scrunched. He walked over to look down at the paper mess, seeming kind of confused.
The door slowly opened and Jude eased in. The kid was dressed in a nice navy suit and black shoes, looking as dapper as his papa Castiel. Once Jude saw that it was only Jess and Gabe, he slid into the room with a smile.
” Dean repeated, his forceful heartbeat rattling his ribcage, “Sam, you're wearing polka-dot midget boxers! Forget 'bad!' This looks freakin'
But when he reached his bedroom and stepped inside, Dean caught sight of the record player on the dresser, and his heartache drifted back. His dance with the king – the first and last dance the king ever had – was fresh in his mind. Guilt and grief were back at the forefront of Dean’s feelings yet again. How could he go on with his happy, perfect existence while poor Cas was stuck all alone in his other world? Dean looked down at the dirty clothes in his hands, feeling like total shit. He should have held on tighter. He should have refused to leave without the king… Unable to cope with the pain in his chest, Dean closed his eyes and tossed his dirty clothes at the hamper near the wall.
Gabe instantly shot Sam a pair of huge eyes, looking so awed and impressed that Sam thought he might actually cry. But Sam was confused. Why did his answer cause Gabe to have that reaction?
After searching various bedrooms, the dungeon downstairs, and the upper control room, Sam was nearly out of options. He started to wonder if Oliver had ducked out the front door and attempted to walk home in the dark. As Sam was on his way to check that very option, a flash of white darted out in front of him and he nearly stepped on it. Sam sighed when he looked down to see Dickie jumping up at his legs, wanting attention.
Dean glanced up at the angel next to him, feeling a twinge of arousal in the pit of his stomach. Cas's jaw was set and his eyes were intense, reminding him of their time alone in the bedroom. An angel had no right to look so damn sexy when saying the simplest of things... Bobby groaned aloud, finally raising his head in order to dramatically roll his eyes.
For a second, the only thing Dean could do was stare at the person in front of him and blink in shock. Holy shit. God himself – the Alpha and the Omega, the beginning and the end, the great 'I am,' creator of all things – was standing in Dean's motel room. And Dean was in his
Clarence gulped, feeling slightly proud. It was nice to hear the determination in Jess's voice. She was usually too emotional when it came to confronting things head on, but her love for Crowley must have changed that...
None of the adults answered her. They were too busy probing Jude with their eyes, trying to urge him to confess. While they waited, Clarence reached over to open the bag in front of everyone. The half-demon grinned and giggled like a child when he pulled out one of the magazines, and the sight of the naked body on the cover made Jude's pale white face turn blood red in an instant. Beside him, Jessie blushed too and nearly gasped out loud.
Everyone in the kitchen paused to look among the room, but none of them seemed to know where Ollie was either. It was like the ginger kid just up and disappeared. Jessica's worried eyes soon found their way to her parents, who both looked at each other with concern.
Though he looked paler than a sheet of paper, Oliver visibly gulped and returned his stare to Jess. She tried her best to calm him through their gaze alone, giving him a gentle smile. He slipped the ring back onto her finger and took a deep breath.
Gabriel almost slammed the pantry door shut and spun around to greet his husband with a smile. Sammy was still wearing the same clothes he had on the night before, looking so sexy with his messy hair and disheveled clothes.
Jessie and Oliver both turned to walk out, followed by Gabriel who turned off the light and shut the door behind him. As they made their way down the hall, Gabe could hear his nephew's tiny voice speaking. Jude was telling his parents all about what happened when he was taken by the angels. In the living room, Hester and Nathaniel's vessels were gone from the floor – probably moved out of sight by Castiel so that the kids wouldn't have to see them – but the prints of their wings were still hauntingly etched on the carpet. Gabe blinked down at the remains of his fallen brother and sister as he walked by, feeling sick. Ugh, he hated that it had to come to this. He really hated that angels slaughtered each other like strangers...
“Anytime,” Sam hummed, leaning down to kiss the side of his daughter's head of blonde hair, “Goodnight, baby girl.”
Dean broke left, rounding a cotton candy stand to come up behind two demons that were heading for Bobby. After stabbing one in the back and slicing the other open from ear to ear, Dean blinked toward Gabriel on the midway. Was the dude really wanting to talk
its supposed to happen. You can’t speed it up, slow it down, or change it. Things will happen when and how they are meant to. That’s just how the universe works. The good news is you won’t ever have to face any of it alone.”
“You mean she ain’t gone overboard already?” he asked, “There’s lacy pink curtains in our bathroom.”
In the meantime, Jude craned his own neck to see the inside of the guitar case for himself. There was a real guitar inside; the tan, glossy, acoustic kind. But there was other stuff too; pictures taped all along the red-fabric lining and small packages. Everyone watched as Clarence lifted up his guitar to take out something from underneath. He turned around to hold up an old, wrinkled leather jacket. The leather was a very dark purple, almost black, and seemed to have a feminine design. Dad, Papa, and uncle Sam must have recognized it because all of their mouths fell open in surprise.
“Dean sent me to tell you to stop making out and get in the car,” the blue-eye angel said, looking uncomfortable.
Dean could suddenly feel Jude's entire small body resting in his arms. Maybe it was true. Maybe Dean would have to let Jude find his own way in life. Whoa. Dean never thought he would ever receive parenting advice from God... Chuck smiled again at the look of astonishment on Dean's face as he raised his hand to give a small wave.
“Well, if you get some nice clothes on,” Gabriel prompted, “Daddy and I will take you with us to see one today.”
The blue-eyed angel sitting beside him looked totally confused. Cas had no idea what was going on, but Dean could hear his own heart pounding in his ears. He was already breathing heavily, wanting to touch Cas
Dean, Sam, and Gabriel all flinched away with shock at Cas's sudden outburst. The angel was glaring forcefully toward Sam and cradling his stomach protectively as if Sammy had insulted him or something. Dean shared a glance with his little brother and could see that Sam was just as surprised. Whoa, those hormones were giving Cas some major mood swings...
Just as Dean was opening his mouth to spew hateful words at the trickster, Cas swooped passed him again. The angel strode up to Gabriel, took him by the arm, and started tugging him toward the chairs. Dean felt so sick, watching Cas walk away. There was a subtle slowness to the angel's movements, like he was forcing himself to do as Bobby requested. Dean had watched Cas's body move in almost every way possible – both clothed and naked – and he knew just from the angel's body language how upset he was. It must have been lover's intuition...
Jude chuckled once, shaking his head. Papa was such a funny, sweet, caring, thoughtful guy. To show him some gratitude, Jude reached up to pull his Papa into a tight hug, briefly resting his head on Pop's shoulder and taking a deep breath of his familiar scent.
“Thank you. I can totally use this,” Clare smiled, taking the pick out of the box to hold it toward the light.
Of course, Clarence was grateful to be asked – and very proud of Oliver for keeping the party nudity free – but as tempting as the party sounded, he couldn't possibly go. Not when Jessica looked so upset.
Sammy tried his best to keep his emotions concealed as he looked down at his daughter. But as soon as he met Jessica's stare – and saw the moisture rising up in her beautiful eyes – his heart nearly broke in two.
The two of them gave each other a fist bump – which made Jude realize that Jessie was still wearing the bracelet he gave her for her birthday – before uncle Sam and uncle Gabe made it to them. Both of them had wet hair, which was weird, but Jude didn't say anything. Uncle Gabe stopped next to the bed with a smile.
He gently twisted Jude around in his arms until they were facing one another. Jude, being slightly shorter than Clare, was instantly met with a potent waft of cologne from Clare’s chest. The intoxicating smell was enough to make his knees weak. But Jude didn’t have to worry about keeping his balance, because Clare pulled him closer and plunged their lips together, holding Jude as he walked backward out of the bathroom and into the hallway.
Air vanished from Dean's throat as he felt a gust of wind sweep him away. Cas suddenly teleported out of Bobby's kitchen – and accidentally took Dean with him. The man gasped and held on tight to his husband's broad shoulders, feeling his feet lift from the floor. For a few moments, it seemed like they were flying all over the place. Flashes of darkened scenery blurred around them like crazy, turning Dean's stomach sour with the violent flight. It was like Cas was searching the whole free world for their child; like fire blazing through a haystack to find a needle.
“It's cake, honeydew,” Gabe said, finally getting his own piece, “Don't worry, it's safe. I 'blessed' it.”
"I understand, but I need to stay with my daughter. She's right over there," Sam said, pointing toward the dance floor, "Just please let me inside. I can be a chaperone or something. I can help you manage the kids or sit with the DJ or -"
He could tell that his last statement made Cas a little sad, because the angel's blue eyes softened in the dim light of the room. Cas clearly wanted to argue for him; to reassure Dean that Jude was just as safe with him as he was with anyone else. But Dean was already shaking his head in disagreement. After what happened in the gas station, Dean didn't want Jude to leave Cas's side.
Jude nearly scoffed. How could he have said no? Clarence was his true love, just like Lois Lane and Superman. Jude raised his hand up to look at his new shiny ring again, admiring the way it sparkled in the gentle light of the room. Still, Jude couldn't pass up the opportunity to joke with Clare.
Jude gulped again and looked around, seeing everyone's large eyes on him. One thing? Oh boy, it was probably expensive. Was it a game console? A laptop, like uncle Sam's? A stereo system? Jude had no idea. While his mind raced with possibilities, Dad stepped forward to hold out the very flat object. He didn't say anything; just winked and left it in Jude's hand. Extremely curious, Jude ripped away the wrapping paper to reveal a very thin, rectangular-shaped piece of metal. The front was airbrushed with an awesome Superman logo, with bright, vivid colors. It was really beautiful, but Jude was confused. What was it for? It seemed like some kind of license plate. But that couldn't be right. Jude didn't have a car...
It took several more seconds for Clare to realize that he was staring up at his excited husband. Jude was kneeling on the bed next to Clare, wearing a tan coat that looked just like Cas’s, but holding it open to reveal his flat stomach. Clare’s sight dropped to Jude’s belly – where a subtle white glow surrounded the skin. As soon as he saw it, Clare sat up and rubbed his eyes.
“My baby bunny is going to get married!” Papa sang, “Moose, go get some nice clothes on! We're gonna go watch our -”
“What are you guys doing out here? I've been looking everywhere for you,” Dean grumbled in an anxious tone.
But even with all the joyful excitement of new faces in the bunker, Jessica was still quite depressed.
While Jessie scarfed another handful of food, Jude spared a glance toward her stomach. Even though it was covered by her shirt, Jude could see that his cousin's stomach was sill glowing gold. Jess's usually flat tummy was rounded now too, a few inches larger than normal. Jude was in awe of how fast her pregnancy was coming along. Did it really only take Papa and uncle Gabe a few days to have him and Jessie, too? Angel pregnancies were so strange... and amazing.
In less than an hour, his birth mother returned, said she wanted to thank him for saving her and that she wanted to remember him, and the group made it to the bunker just in time to hear that Jessica and Oliver were going to have a baby. There were so many people in the bunker kitchen, crowded around just like the emotions bunched up in Clare's chest. He was nervous, scared, and bizarrely glad to see his mom again, and equally excited for Jess and Ollie. But while he tried his best to congratulate Jess on her pregnancy, Clarence was electrically aware that Meg was only standing a few feet away.
While they talked, Jude casually wandered up to stand next to them, waiting for his presence to be noticed. In the meantime, Clare sighed and tossed his dirty rag on the open hood, seeming disappointed. But Bobby reached over to pat his shoulder.
Jude reached up to hold both of Papa's squishy cheeks while they stared at each other. Ideas were slowly coming back to Jude's head, making him remember all about the sleepover, the stories, and what Ollie said about flying. Jude looked around, hoping his friends were still there. But their sleeping bags were empty.
“- and he told me that in order for us to become closer, I had to indulge in my own fantasies,” Cas went on, “I've seen first hand, how amazing and creative your erotic dreams are. So, I decided to imagine one of my own. One full of all the sexual things that I desire.”
Cas's eyes flew open instantly and his head spun around to look at Dean. The smile on his lips widened and he nearly jumped out of his chair. He was acting all excited now, like a dog whose owner had just come home. Cas's blue eyes ran up and down Dean's body for a moment before he reached out to touch the man's face. Dean savored the feeling of Cas's hands on him, loving how it warm and soft the sensation was. The angel tugged him down into a sudden kiss, making Dean blink repeatedly in bewilderment. He enjoyed the heavenly taste of Cas's mouth of course, but it struck him as odd. Cas was almost never the first one to initiate a kiss. Where did all this sexual energy come from? Geez, he was acting hornier than Dean himself.
“The waiting list is very short,” Mrs. Watson turned to explain, walking slower, “and there is only one small test that Jessica would have to pass in order to be approved.”
Dean swallowed harshly as he wrapped both arms around his frightened child and raised his head to meet eyes with Cas. The angel looked absolutely heartbroken. His open hand slowly dropped back to his side and his sapphire eyes filled with sadness. Both of them shared a look of disappointment with each other, silently agreeing that they weren't going to push Jude any further today. This process was clearly going to take time.
“She means we want to test it on someone else first. See how it effects them and adjust the dose accordingly,” Crowley explained, “I’ve already contacted my most expendable subordinate and – ”
“Thanks,” he allowed, “And, again, I'm really sorry... Do you guys want to get out of here and go see Die Hard?”
! In his rage, Lucifer raised his hand and blasted Death with his grace. The force was enough to blow her off the stone slab and knock her unconscious again. Her body crumbled into a heap near the wall and lay motionless. Though he was seething with rage, Lucifer restrained himself enough to put his grace away. He had a mission. Always the mission…
Clarence reached up and wiggled a finger in his ear, pretending that Jude's shouting hurt his eardrums, but shrugged it off and started walking away.
Gotta love that angst, am I right? *nervous laugh* (Please don’t hurt me.) ;D I’m sure that most of you have already gathered this, but I will let you know: Not a single person was glaring at Jessica at the end there. She was just imagining it because she feels guilty. I’m sure we’ve all been in that position before. :( I was craving some Destiel fluff, so that’s why the beginning exists. Lol. XD Honestly, though, with everything that’s going on in the world, I wanted to hear some wisdom and reassurance from Dean and Cas, so the beginning just sort of happened. The Jude and Clare scene, however, was completely planned. ;D The otters were kind of foreshadowing the twins, I guess. Jude had no idea when he picked them out, of course. But it’s all part of Chuck’s grand plan. I’m sure you’ve had similar foreshadowing things happen in your life, too. Crazy to look back and see the connections, isn’t it? ;D I’m sorry this last part is filled with so much angst, but there are still good things to look forward to. :)
The angels were using Jane's memories to hunt down the bunker! Shit, Gabe was so glad that he cloaked the place! The angels would never find it, now. They would spend all their time looking for a huge white house, never realizing that the Winchesters were actually underground. Oh, man. For once, Gabe's weird precautions might have actually done some good!
The picture frame fell out of Sam's shaky hand and landed softly on the bed, but it was enough to get Jessica's attention. She looked up at him from under her blonde curls –
Castiel glanced between the other adults, seeing their eyes narrow with confusion. From everyone's reactions, Castiel gathered that unicorns seemed to be an odd choice of plaything for a young boy. But after a moment, Dean was the first one to shrug with indifference.
Silence occupied the kitchen, other than the quite shuddering of furniture from the continuous earth tremors. Jessica was too afraid to turn around and look, but she was sure that her family was heartbroken. No one said anything for what seemed like a very long time. Until Michael's voice entered from the study. It was calm and comforting; the same tone that Papa used to use when he told Jess a bedtime story in her youth.
Michael’s low and stoic tone caused the whole group to go quiet again. Sam felt fully aware of his own husband’s short presence next to him as the reality of what he just heard started to sink in. There were very few beings in the universe that couldn’t be killed by angel grace…
The two of them stayed in their embrace for a few extra seconds, just holding each other in the middle of Jude's room. Dean focused his blurry sight on the colorful map over Jude's bed to get the tears to stop. He kissed the side of his son's soft head before finally leaning back to smile at him.
“H – here, look. See that bookshelf behind Sam?” Dean asked as he pointed to the picture. “That’s the library at the Men of Letters bunker, where we live. Me, you, and Sam. I mean, not
When Castiel entered his and Dean's bedroom, he was met with the glorious sight of Dean's body sprawled on the bed. The man was laying on his stomach with his legs tossed about, wearing nothing but a simple pair of tight black underwear. Dean's head was buried inside the mountain of pillows at the headboard, so Castiel knew that he was not laying so seductively on purpose. This was just Dean's naturally comfortable state. Still, the sight of so much of his bare skin was rather intoxicating. The angel gulped as he shut the door at his back and slid out of his coat and shirt. He walked out of the rest of his clothing, save his underwear, on the way to bed.
Dean smiled, searching Cas’s pretty face in close proximity. Of course Cas knew how he felt. Cas knew him better than anyone else on the planet.
Utter terror suddenly washed through Castiel's body, causing the blood to drain from his face and his heart to nearly seize up with dread. As horrific as the notion was, Cas knew that Gabriel was right. The child would have to be extracted with an angel blade because it was the only thing powerful enough to break through his celestial grace. But damaging his grace at all could very well lead to destroying his grace completely... which meant it would also end his life.
“Wow. Worst year of your life, huh? What exactly happened this year? Let’s see,” he mumbled in a calm, wholesome voice, “You married your soulmate – which, by the way, was beautiful. Especially when Clare played that song for you at the reception. Did you know he worked for weeks to get it right? And it came out perfect. I loved it.”
“Raphael gave us twenty-four hours to think things over, but there wasn't much to think about. I believe he was trying to see if anyone would flee or try to turn against him so that he could make an example of them,” Naomi uttered, “and in that time, I devised a plan. I knew that those two powerful nephilim were still in Kansas, because I had spotted them at a human dwelling for some kind of event.”
Jude was too embarrassed to finish the rest of his sentence. He just coughed and glanced away shyly. He was going to bring up the fact that he was still a virgin, but remembered that sex was a touchy subject around Clare. Unfortunately, Clarence seemed to know what Jude was going to say anyway, because his smile soon faded too. For a moment, silence reentered the room as they both looked away from each other. Jude felt awful. He should have known better than to mention something like that at a time like this.
Warm tears swelled in the man's eyes as he slowly shuffled into his child's bedroom. His lungs were instantly filled with that smell. Jude's scent. The one he had since he was born. The more Dean breathed, the more his heart broke. Ugh, where was a crossroads demon when he needed one? Dean was willing to sell his soul to anyone to get his son back...
Jess dug in the bottom of the bag to get the other small gift and tore it open. This one was a handmade bracelet. Rainbow beads were all around a purple string, but the middle beads had letters that spelled out her name. Jessica stared down at her new bracelet and felt kind of strange, like she was remembering something that hadn't happened yet. This bracelet was going to be very important to her. Just looking at it made her feel so safe and happy... Jessie looked up to her cousin beside her and gave him a big smile before wrapping him into a hug, too. Jess loved her cousin Jude. He was the best friend that anyone could ask for.
Before anyone could reply to Gabriel's sarcastic comment, a white streak zoomed across the floor in front of them. Sam had just enough time to recognize that the moving blur was Dickie – before the dog dashed head-first into the pitch-black void. Dickie ran into the portal like he was chasing tail; fearless and determined to get away.
Papa turned around and they both gave their teenage son confused faces. Jude glanced down at the clothes in his grasp and shrugged again, just like he did in Jessie's room.
“Just human?” Clare replied, taking the angel’s handsome face in his hands, “You’re Jude freaking Winchester. The sound of your name makes the bad guys run away in terror. You won’t have to smite anybody ever again. And for the record, you still heal me every single day. You’re a hot spring of holy water, Jude. My own personal oasis,” Clare smiled, stroking Jude’s soft cheek, “It doesn’t really matter if you can fly or not, Jay. You’re still my Superman. You will
' which Castiel found very fitting. Jude's small, mostly-human body did not seem equipped to handle the magnitude of his grace at times. Especially when his grace acted without his consent, just as it did that day... Still, Castiel had faith that his son was capable of overcoming this lifetime struggle. Jude was a strong young boy with constant love and support from his family. Virtually anything was possible for him.
Once he was close enough, Gabriel grabbed a fist full of Sam's shirt and yanked him down to smack a huge wet kiss to his lips. Sam could feel heat rising in his cheeks when he tasted Gabe's sweet tongue in his mouth. Everyone in the room was watching them, including their daughter, but Gabe didn't seem to care. He didn't pull away for a few solid minutes, leaving Sam no choice but to close his eyes and let the trickster molest his mouth. Gabe eventually plucked his lips away with a wet 'pop' and combed his fingers through Sam's hair with a smirk.
Jude shared a brief look with his uncle. Decades? It had only been about six years since everyone saw her under the bridge in New York, when Crowley caught her in a demon trap and she explained how Clarence was conceived. Did she not remember that? Meg must have taken Jude and Bobby's silent exchange as judgment, because she lowered her head and looked away.
“Here you go, little man. One slice of gooey cherry pie,” Dean winked as he sat the warm plate on the blanket in front of his son.
The scorching flames of hellfire rose up around Lucifer’s form when he arrived in one of the pits. The moment he landed, he could feel that Death was near; far closer than he had felt since his hand was on her throat. Using his grace to turn himself invisible, Lucifer slinked through the torture chambers, over the pits of fire, and finally arrived at the castle. Demons were skulking around everywhere, moving souls around. But Death’s sweet scent led Lucifer right into the dining hall. At least, it was the dining hall. Now, it looked like it had been transformed into some kind of trophy room. Pedestals with fine gems and rare items were placed all along the walls and it made Lucifer roll his eyes. Ugh. The ego of that demon king was astounding.
asshole. Dean watched in discomfort as Gabriel made his way around the table – prancing like a four-year-old in a toy store – and plopped himself down in the vacant seat. Dean's eyes instantly narrowed at the pompous bastard's smug face. What the hell did he want? And why was he acting so perky this morning? Did Dean's plan not work? Did the sound of Cas moaning Dean's name last night not piss him off like Dean wanted?
Jude's smile faltered a little bit at the remembrance of Clare's horrible past. Meg was wrong. Clare did not 'grow up well' without her. He struggled through his whole life; faced the grief of losing his first family of coven witches as a child, the hardship of living alone without a home as a teenager, and then finally had to face, not only
"Okay. What do you think, Jess?" Papa asked as he sat down the curling iron and tussled a few loose curls, "Does it need more bounce? Should I use the hair spray? I don't want it falling down half way through your first dance with carrot-top."
As she stared up at her Papa – who looked and sounded just like Willy Wonka come to life – Jessica's chest tightened and her stomach began to turn. Before Ollie, before uncle Dean and Cas, before Jude, even before Dad, Jessica loved her Papa first. Even before she was born. He was the first person she connected with, because they literally shared the same grace. She was created in his golden light. But more than that, Papa had been her
maybe it's too soon for him to start moving,” Sam swooped in to say as he stepped back into the kitchen to retrieve his laptop, “A lot of these websites say that each pregnancy is different and that sometimes movement won't be detected until later in the – ”
The angel eased down to sit on the edge of his son's bed and reached out to comb a hand through the teenager's warm hair. Jude only stirred a little, flinching under the contact but refusing to fully acknowledge it. His defiant reluctance to wake up was nothing new to his angelic father. Castiel had to call his name several times to wake him each morning.
All the adults glanced at each other and shared the same unspoken question. If something weird was going on with heaven, was it still safe to take the kids to the zoo?
Jude turned to see what his fiance was talking about – and found that Clare was holding open a map of his own. Only this one was a completely blank map of the
A cold shiver raced down Gabriel's spine as he blinked toward his sister's distorted face. Naomi really
When the two oldest adults left the room, Jude was surprised to hear sighs of relief from his friends. Ollie walked over and plopped himself down on the edge of the bed, looking extremely tired. And Jessie shared a look of exhaustion with Jude.
“We have to! I can't take it anymore, kiddo,” Gabriel hissed back, still running his hands across Sam's bare chest beneath his shirt, “Seeing you take your jacket off is like watching a Christmas present unwrap itself. You can't tease me like that, moose! My poor sex-starved body can't handle it!”
The small girl instantly raced toward her Papa, where she collided with his waist to give him an excited hug. Gabe dropped three of the bags – which spilled out a few large pillows of different colors – so that he could hug her back.
trying to console their child. Dean rounded the Impala and stepped up to look inside the window of the room. Between the curtains, he could see Cas sitting in the chair by the wall. Jude had burrowed himself inside the angel's trench coat and Cas was gently cradling their son against his chest, rubbing slow circles against Jude's tiny back and resting his cheek on top of Jude's small head. Dean watched the two of them from the other side of the glass, feeling another wave of disgust swirl in his stomach. Shit. What if Cas was upset with him, too? What if the angel was mad at him for traumatizing their child?
Gabriel blurted it before he could stop himself. The guy holding him heard it, though, and seemed really happy to hear Gabe talk.
“Fine,” Dean forced out, still clinging to the wall behind him, “I'll give the prick a chance. But I want you to remember that I'm dong it for
All of the men turned to look at him – and Dean felt a strange shift in the air. The cheerful glow on their faces gradually dimmed once they saw him standing in the garage. Smiles faded and beers lowered as the guys all glanced away awkwardly. It seemed like none of them wanted to reply to Dean's comment. But why? Were they all Ford lovers or something?
“You sure you're alright, buddy?” Dad asked suspiciously, like he was trying to cover up some insecurity, “It sounded like Darkness was some pretty rough stuff. Do you need to talk about anything? Need some pie?”
“I don't deserve you,” Dean blurted, searching Cas's eyes as he felt his own swelling with tears, “I never have. This life we've got is too good to be true, and now Meg has come to take you away from me. She's trying to take my place in your life. But I'm selfish. I don't want to give you up. That's why I told her about Clarence. I made her upset so that she would leave and I could keep you for a little while longer. Just a little while. I don't want to wake up from this dream, Cas. I don't want to lose you or Jude. And I'm
was the strong one, and she fit the role perfectly. Her small hands were patting Dean's back so gently, and she was whispering '
– the biggest, longest, most loving kiss he could muster, suctioning their mouths together like they were kissing for the first time. Jude had no idea how long it lasted before he pulled away to hug Clare. The nephilim practically buried his face into the demon's neck, holding him so tightly that he could practically feel his heartbeat.
Instead of driving the rest of the way to Bobby's residence, Gabriel simply flew the entire Impala to the man's driveway. They arrived on Bobby's doorstep within minutes. And even though Dean was clearly distraught over the current situation, the man still rounded the car to assist Castiel, helping the angel to his feet and offering an arm to walk him toward the house with a gentle grip.
“Clyde Freeman,” The old man said, shifting everyone's attention to the case, “Said he overheard his nephew selling his soul to the devil for a new saddle. Next day, the kid was found floatin' face down in a pond near his uncle's farm. No forensic evidence. No foul play. Best part is, cops found a brand new saddle sittin' in the barn. Never used.”
Cas sighed under his breath but stepped over to gently transfer Grace into Dean’s free arm. Clare watched it happen, beaming with as much pride as his exhausted state would allow. Grace felt even more weightless than Gibson did. Dean felt like he was holding a delicate balloon in each arm. The angel backed up to place his hand on the demon’s shoulder, sharing a small look with Dean.
Still, uncle Bobby seemed set on not letting the teenagers go. He only glanced around at all their faces while his candle trembled in his hand. Jessie eventually stepped up to Jude's side to look uncle Bobby in the eye, too.
“Yeah, he thinks he’s pretty tough,” the other said, “What’s the matter, big guy? Afraid of catching a cold?”
It was a totally different world inside the cabin. Everyone was gathered excitedly in the kitchen; laughing, talking, and bouncing Charlie and Katherine around. Seeing the babies made Gabriel realize that Jude must have delivered his twins during the commotion with Lucifer. Low and behold, when he and Sam got close enough to the pantry, Gabe could see that the bed had been moved out into the kitchen with Jude still in it. Two swaddles of towels were in each bend of Jude’s arms, no doubt containing his twins. Jude himself looked extremely pale. Yet, despite his lack of color, Jude was smiling wide enough to light up the whole room. Gabe’s soul felt better just looking at the kid. He had wanted to be a parent for so long and now his dream had come true. Who wouldn’t smile at that?
Gabriel's sentence was cut short when Dean reached out to rip the case from his hands. The man instantly thrust it into Cas's open arms, hoping that the angel could keep it away from Gabriel better than Dean could. Cas, whose face was holding an equal amount of panic and embarrassment, fumbled around with the case for a second before stuffing it inside his coat. Dean felt a little relieved, knowing that it was in a safe place. He looked back at Gabriel, who seemed confused by their frantic behavior.
“... Why should his relation to Clarence change my answer?” Crowley retorted, though his voice was terribly feeble.
Dean gulped as he entered the room, staring at Cas's closed eyelids. What the hell was he doing? Cas couldn't be sleeping, could he? And why was there subtle smile on his pink lips? Dean glanced up and down the angel's sitting form, studying every detail of him. Though he couldn't be completely sure, Dean could almost see the outline of a boner in Cas's lap. Was it true? Did Cas have an erection? Why the hell was he just sitting there like that with a boner in his pants and a smirk on his face? Had he been masturbating? Was he thinking about someone?
he get here?! One minute he was standing in the bunker, thinking about Clarence and being all happy. And the next minute, he was standing right in front of the very person he was thinking of. Maybe it was just happy thoughts, like Ollie always told him. Happy thoughts made him fly...
Dean let out a heavy sigh. He wished that they had a place to hang the maps up, too. In fact, whenever Dean imagined Jude having his own room, he always pictured this very map hanging over Jude's bed; hovering over him to be a constant reminder that he was a loved, cherished, and well-traveled little boy... But that was only in Dean's imagination. Jude didn't have a room. At least, not yet. Dean quickly rolled Jude's map back up and gently stowed it back in the car.
Some sort of object was laying between Dean and Castiel's bodies in the bed and it was applying pressure to the lower part of Castiel's spine. At first, the angel assumed that Dean had forgotten to remove a weapon from his clothing. Was it the blunt end of an angel blade? The barrel of a gun, perhaps? Cas reached behind him to remove the object, hoping to keep it from harming Dean. But when the angel grasped the cloth-covered shaft, a deep hum rumbled from Dean's throat.
want her to go to school,” Gabriel quickly corrected, “It's just... Our baby is growing up so fast...”
“Chuck sent us here,” Sam explained. “It’s not the same Heaven attached to our world. It’s a different one or something. All I know is that we’ve been standing out here in the hallway forever.”
“Lucifer, we must get away from this place before Darkness realizes the strength the nephilim has and tries to -”
“Y – you have children?” Jessica cleverly prompted, pointing out a stuffed animal on the small couch.
Clare thought that was the dumbest thing he had ever heard. How the hell was it supposed to kill Clare if it didn't use a body to touch him? Unfortunately, the answer to this question came when a vision appeared before him. A figure manifested out of the dark and came crawling toward Clarence like a deranged lunatic. Once it was close enough, Clare was able to recognize its face and he nearly gasped. Oh shit. It was
Dean only chuckled at Gabriel's request, seeming amused. Castiel, however, felt slightly ashamed. Gabriel was right. Perhaps that particular term of endearment was not meant to be used in a sexual way. Especially if their son was destined to call him by it...
Jude gulped and finally let his arms slip off of Papa's shoulders. Of course, the little boy knew the answer to his dad's question. And by the look on uncle Gabe's face, he knew it too. Heat reappeared on Jude's cheeks as he timidly raised his hand.
“Can you fly us home, uncle Gabe?” Jude asked, tilting his head up to look at Gabe with those ocean eyes.
Things started to settle down once everyone got back to Bobby's house. Rowena had fallen asleep in the kitchen, sitting in a chair with her head tucked into her arms on the table, so Bobby carefully moved her to the sofa. Jude smiled when he saw Crowley helping Bobby arrange some pillows around her. It was nice to know that even though they bickered and fought all the time, Crowley and Rowena still loved each other very much. Ollie mentioned that he had about twenty missed calls on his phone – all from his mom – and asked Jessica to take him home. She agreed to fly him, and told Sam and Gabe that she would meet them back at the bunker when Ollie was safe. Uncle Sam, Gabe, Dad, and Papa told uncle Crowley that they were very happy that he was okay and to call if he needed anything. But before the four of them left for the bunker – and even though he knew he was an adult – Jude still pulled his parents aside and asked if he could stay the night with Clarence. Dad and Papa both agreed that it was a good idea, gave him hugs, and flew back home, leaving Jude at Clare's side.
Jude and Jessica both raised their heads with shock and met eyes with excitement. A solid second of surprise went by before they jumped up and rushed over to claim their breakfast with smiling faces. Dean stepped close to give his child's head another kiss – would he ever be able to resist giving his son affection? – before backing toward the door.
Jude felt his own mouth open a little bit. What? Clare wanted to go back to that awful house? Where his
Dean cut off the engine and stepped out of the car to look around but Castiel lingered on the stack of cars for a moment to observe the man, noticing that his eyes were brighter than before. Dean was practically spinning around in circles, searching his surrounds at eye-level with excitement.
– having to witness the brutal death of a child and not being able to fix it; to take it back and make it right – was something that not even hunters could be prepared for.
"Ha," Clarence scoffed, returning his attention to the guitar in his hands, "Uh, no. I just like to play around with the strings."
Dean instantly followed his son's direction, pivoting toward the bar and making his way over. As they walked up, Sam noticed that Eddie was introducing Oliver to a tall, skinny brunette woman in a red bikini. Sam strained to hear what was being said as he approached.
Running on hunter's instinct, Sam freed his weapon and tossed the only blade to his older brother, who caught it and immediately killed the creature that was after him. Once it was dead, there was only one other werewolf – who was running after Gabe. Sam gasped and looked to his side, realizing that his husband was no longer holding onto him, but fleeing away.
A sensual moan floated out of the archangel's mouth and reverberated around the room like a Sunday hymnal. Sam slowly slid in and out of Gabriel the whole time, wanting to provide him with as much pleasure as possible. Gabe's amber eyes rolled back a little and he eventually fell forward to splash against Sam. The man welcomed his husband's weak body, cradling it close to peck a few wet kisses to the top of his bare shoulder.
“It's the angel thing,” Papa answered, turning slightly on the bed to look at him, “Angel babies grow in grace. How do you think Jessica got here? Both of her parents are male.”
After the sweet goodbye, Crowley turned his attention to Clarence, who was trying his best not to pay attention to the two older men nearby.
“You can call me whatever you'd like, dearie. As long as you take care of my wee piglet,” she blubbered.
As Sam and Gabriel tried to stand up, they were knocked back to the floor by Dean, Cas, and Rowena, who all came stumbling through the portal together. The five of them slowly unscrambled from their dog pile, where Sam – of course – was stuck on the bottom. Cas was the quickest one to his feet. The blue-eyed angel nearly jumped up to grab Rowena's arm.
Before you sharpen your pitchforks and light your torches, please hear me out! No, this was probably not the ending you were hoping for. But without it, there would be no part 11 on the horizon for the Purpose Series. So while I know this is disappointing, at least we all have something (hopefully good) to look forward to... right? :) (Please don't hate me. Lol) I have to say, I really empathize with Cas in this chapter. Jude is like my baby, and I don't want to see him grow up. But all children must. :( Luckily, Cas will always have Dean to keep him company, and Jude will have Clare. ;) Other than the sad ending, I really hope that you all enjoyed the end of this part. I tried to shove as much fluff in there as I could. And while I'm not sure when exactly the next part will start (I'm aiming for just a few weeks,) I do, however, have the title. The next part will be called “Miracles,” and I really hope that you guys stick around to read it. Because it will be the finale of the whole series. (For real, this time. I swear. Lol) ;D Thank you guys – serious, thank you sooo much – for always reading and commenting on this story. You guys are like my family, and I always enjoy hearing your stories and generally enjoying life with you. Most of you are like good friends to me, and my life would not be the same without you. :') Thank you so much for staying with me and these characters for so long. I love you all from the bottom of my heart. And I promise that the next part will be out as soon as possible! :D Take care until then, guys! :)
The three angels dismissed Cas and came for Dean, glaring as they charged. Dean raised his own blade in preparation to stab the one in the middle – but Cas tackled them all out of the way. They fell into a huge pile on the floor before blinking out of sight. Dean was suddenly alone in the room, panting and holding his blade. Where the hell did they all go? Did they fly away or something? As Dean looked back out into the hall, he could hear noises coming from below his feet. The angels were now fighting in the lower part of the bunker.
Sam took a breath as he painted on the last bit of the angel warding sigil. With one more brushstroke, the whole house was completely sealed, every inch covered in invisible protection. After he was done, Sam dropped the broken brush into the can of paint in Dean's hand and looked up to give his brother a soft smile.
Dean’s ears perked up a little at the sound of someone talking. It was male, whispering low, somewhere in front of him. Though his head rattled on the floor, Dean tried to listen.
A soft look slowly drifted across Oliver’s face, making him look so handsome and sweet. Jess took his hand before pointing to the couch. Her voice was shaking with so much emotion that she could barely talk.
. If I wiped his memories of us, he would have a better life... Oliver doesn't deserve this. He didn't do anything wrong -”
“I wanna wear my pretty dress today, Daddy. I wanna be pretty for Papa’s birthday,” Grace said as she tugged on the leg of Clare’s pants.
“No,” Jude denied, shaking his head, “She doesn't have a unicorn... I think Deadpool does, but Daddy won't let me see his comics.”
Bobby tilted his head and Dean rolled his eyes with a groan, both in disbelieve that Gabriel could suggest something so bizarre.
Unfortunately, Dean's cell phone broke the pleasant atmosphere. It rang loudly from his pocket, causing the man to quickly finish his bite and retrieve the noisy device. Dean only spared a small glance at the screen before pressing a button and holding the phone to his ear.
“Wipe out the Winchesters?” Naomi repeated with a smile so big that Gabriel could have mistook it for genuine amusement, “You... You really think me that powerful? Or naïve? It's clear that our Father favors the Winchesters above anyone else, Gabriel. No one is stupid enough to even try killing any of you. God loves you and will protect you, which is more than I can say for the rest of us...”
“Ah. Caldwell. The demon killer,” he recited, his eyes traveling to Dean as he shook his head, “I never gave him a blade.”
After stripping down to his moose-print boxers, Sam crawled onto his side of the bed, flicked some wrappers out of the way, and laid down. He figured that the stillness would make it easy for him to fall asleep, but it didn't. He only laid there and blinked toward Gabe's vacant side of the bed, thinking back to the days when
From the twinkle of playfulness in the demon's eyes, Dean could tell that Clarence was attempting an awful joke. But Dean didn't find it very funny. In fact, he found it kind of pitiful. Clarence was still trying to act tough, even though in reality, everyone knew that he was just a scared and lonely kid. Suddenly, Dean felt like he could relate more to a demon than anyone else on the planet...
“Sorry,” Jude said, scrunching his nose with a smile, “What I'm trying to say, is that it kind of runs in my family. I can do it, Clare. I
Jude was shocked to hear such a loud tone coming from his husband, but he knew that Clare wasn’t exactly angry. Just scared.
“Mmm,” Jude huffed heatedly, moving to kiss Clare's lengthy neck, “I want you, Clare. I want you so bad.”
Dean was surprised that Gabriel actually went with Cas. He was shuffling his feet and being childish about it of course, but he walked along anyway. About the same time the angels were stepping up to the chairs, something shiny caught Dean's eye. It was something small in Bobby's hand – a lighter, glistening in the sunlight. The old man struck the flint and lit the flame before tossing it on the ground.
Everybody was quiet for a few seconds. They were all wearing shocked faces, which made Jude's cheeks grow hotter. He really wished that he could use his grace the right way, like Jessie. Maybe if he did, he would have known that he was able to open the cage and go home whenever he wanted.
*quickly slides into riot gear* Yes, folks, we've reached the lowest, most emotionally-challenging part of the story. Please don't hurt me too badly! *braces for multiple assaults* I believe that, even in the show, John's voice is probably the mouthpiece for Dean's doubt and anxiety. And whenever that bastard starts talking, Dean ends up making all the wrong choices. :( When I was writing this chapter, I realized that Dean was sort of acting like Woody from the first Toy Story. Meg is Buzz, Cas is Andy, and Dean is jealous as hell. ;) I think it's funny how even though Meg hasn't done much of anything since her reappearance, every other character views her from drastically different perspectives. Cas sees her as a forlorn friend, Crowley sees her as a selfish whore, Clare sees her as a mom in the making, and Dean sees her as his potential replacement who has come to steal his family away. Weird how humans all react differently to things, huh? :) And speaking of characters, in case you couldn't tell, Ollie and Jess's little girl is kind of like Charlie Bradbury reincarnated. XD (Get it? 'cause she's a girl? With red hair? From Supernatural? It's all connected!) ;D By the way, spoiler alert, Clarence will probably call her 'C.J.' XD With all that said, I hope that this chapter wasn't too emotional for you, and that you will continue the story to see how it goes. ;) Thank you all so much for blessing me every week with your amazing and thoughtful comments! I absolutely love hearing your individual stories. :) Thank you so much for touching my heart! :) The next chapter will be out soon! :)
The hounds whimpered a bit as they let go of each other and backed up to sit next to their brother. The next fifteen minutes seemed to drag by. It wasn't long before Bobby found himself staring out at drifting snowflakes... and thinking about Crowley. What was the old demon doing today? Was he still taking care of his mother? Was he out collecting more souls? Surely Crowley didn't celebrate Christmas. Bobby knew the guy probably couldn't take time off from his busy schedule of running hell to visit the lowly humans on the surface anyway. Even if it was a holiday... Still, Bobby wished that he could see him. Getting to talk to Crowley again would make a nice present. Plus, Bobby had a little present of his own to give the old bat, too...
The rest of Sam's fearful argument got lodged in his throat when Gabriel finally pushed him all the way through the door. The sight of the cage surrounded by holy fire – housing Lucifer, who was grinning so eerily toward him – was suddenly shut from his view. Sam and Gabriel were back in the dark corridor of Hell, where Bobby and Crowley were waiting for them.
Bobby had prepared a few T bone steaks on the grill and tossed a couple of potatoes in the oven to bake. Jude offered to help him peal and wash some garden green beans to go along with the meal, too. Though, he and Clare got into a green bean play fight and most of them ended up in the floor. Crowley brought dessert – a red velvet cake, which he admitted to stealing from a local diner without paying for – and a bottle of champagne. Despite Clare's fervent requests for him to drink, Jude politely declined the alcohol. He had learned his lesson from Jess and Oliver's reception. The four of them eventually settled in at the table to eat and discuss wedding arrangements. But the topic gradually shifted toward past stories. And before Jude knew it, Crowley had dug out one of Bobby's old photo albums and displayed it on the table amongst the food.
There was no mistaking the look of utter fear and panic that crossed Dean's face the instant Sam mentioned the word 'family.' It was so profound that Castiel almost had the urge to comfort the man immediately, even without knowing the cause of his distress. What was it about the word 'family' that made Dean so upset? Was it the thought of Gabriel being considered part of it that disturbed him? Or was it something rooted much deeper than that? Dean's hand released Castiel's at once as he leaned down toward the table.
” Clare shouted, glaring at Jude with tears in his eyes, “What the hell were you thinking?! Do you know how
He lurched over to join the group, getting everyone's attention with his loud voice. Sam blinked at him in shock, as if he couldn't believe that Gabe had followed him all the way to the high school.
“Of course an angel like you wouldn't understand how it works,” she judged severely, appraising him with disgust, “I'm a reaper. You killed Death. I took his place. Now, I have all the same power he did, only this time – ”
Oh! And for those of you here on AO3, I wanted to let you know, if you’re ever in need of more Judence, TongueTiedMisfit has written some amazing Judence stuff! It’s fluffy, funny, sweet, and a touch on the smutty side. In other words, you’ll love it as much as I did! XD Thanks again for sharing that with us, darlin! <3
“Those halo-wearing pricks have always wanted Cas dead, but now it's worse,” Dean said, his voice lower than before, “That can only mean one thing...”
“No. We appeared in Chicago,” Michael explained, “Someone was in the middle of creating a portal to hell, and the doorway opened up in the basement of a house near the river. Adam and my appearance there caused some kind of explosion and I realized we were no longer using the same body. He was knocked unconscious and the house was on fire, so I flew him to the nearest medical facility for treatment... And because he is in a coma that I cannot cure, that's where we've been for eleven years.”
The older man didn't move his head at all. He only blinked once, keeping his attention on the person in the hospital bed. His blatant ignorance of them made Jude uncomfortable. What if this wasn't Michael? What if this person was a complete stranger? Clarence, however, seemed to think otherwise.
The older adults in the room gathered around Cas and he vanished with them all, flying them out of Bobby’s house to give Jude and Clare some alone time. As soon as their parents were gone, Clare kissed the back of Jude’s hand before letting go and bolting for the stairs.
At the conclusion of Clarence's story, everybody else appeared to be equally stumped. Did all of that stuff really happen to him? His slight accent, leather jacket, personal note, and demonic aura all seemed to confirm his story. But how were the Winchesters supposed to help him find his mother? Did Dad and Papa really know her? Jude had never even heard them say the name Meg before. Who was she?
A twinge of panic flooded Jude's system. Oh boy, that was a lot of people to fly back to the bunker at once. But Clarence was included, so maybe it wouldn't be so bad. Jude forced himself to nod and everyone gathered around him. Rowena grabbed Meg's arm tight, Bobby held onto Rowena and Crowley, and Crowley placed his hand on Jude's shoulder. Clare, however, completely turned to wrap Jude's entire torso into a soft, tight hug. The angel could feel his fiance's warm lips press against the rim of his ear.
Having found the location of the angel's lips, Dean smashed his own mouth against it, muting Cas's question with a tender kiss. The familiar taste made Dean's blood pump faster and chills race across his skin. Kissing Cas always seemed to be the perfect remedy for everything...
“Sorry about that, Jay. I told them not to call until tomorrow, but you know how Crowley is,” Clare explained as he strutted directly toward Jude, “I guess this is the moment you've been waiting for, huh?”
Dickie have a few barks from his chair to back up Sam's over-the-top performance. While Jessica and Jude giggled and drank some more of their fake tea, Dean's cell phone began to ring. The man dug around in his pocket for his phone and glanced at the screen – where he saw Cas's gorgeous selfie picture. Dean quickly pressed the talk button and held the phone to his ear.
“I don't know what's about to happen, but you've gotta be ready,” he breathed, “I'm going to give you my grace, okay? And Castiel's too. Keep them in that box until you and Jude are ready to use them. You're going to need it to lock this darkness away again -”
“Actually,” Jessie mumbled, curling some of her messy hair behind her ear, “I, um, was thinking that I could try something else.”
Clare paused to kiss Jude’s mouth again – and again, and one more time – before letting him go and reaching over to open the bedroom door. Jane was playing with Charlie on the couch in the living room, bouncing and cooing to the baby like a true grandma. Clare and Oliver met eyes across the distance and the ginger kid nodded to show that he understood the signal. After Oliver whispered something to Jane, the Hispanic lady gasped loudly and looked toward the bedroom with huge eyes. She quickly kissed Charlie’s face and handed her to Jessica before jumping up to rush to Jude and Clare’s room.
Even after ten years of coexistence with his grace, Jude still had trouble maintaining it. His cousin Jessica had been in control of her own practically since birth, but Jude was not so lucky. Castiel and Dean both shared many private discussions on the matter and eventually reached the conclusion that Jude's grace was somehow more powerful than Jessica's, and far too large for him to manage. Dean phrased it as '
“Necessary? No. Useful and Fun? Yes,” Papa argued, turning his attention to Jess, “Bunny rabbit, your father and I are going to hang out by those trees right there near the entrance,” he paused to point to them, “and when you guys go inside, we'll casually follow you and watch from the shadows, alright?”
“It is not junk, Dean. Not to me,” the angel said woefully. “All of this, everything you see… It is the last of humanity’s good work. The last of my father’s holy creation.”
Though he was surprised to hear calm civility coming from his usually aggressive brother, Lucifer took several large breaths to calm himself. He should have known that those Winchesters were like cockroaches. So what, if they were still alive? Lucifer’s plan was ultimately to kill God, not them… The noisy storm above settled but remained a dark and electric cluster.
Dean instantly catered to his angel's wishes. The man clamped both of his hands onto Cas's shaking thighs and let him have it; pounding so hard and fast into his hole that he almost lifted off the seat. Cas pressed his back against the roof of the Impala and nearly shouted in ecstasy, clinging to the back of Dean's head with one hand while he jerked himself with the other. Dean was determined to make Cas come first. He wanted to give his beloved angel as much blinding pleasure as he could possibly offer.
“Because when you were a baby, you loved to eat carrots, just like bunny rabbits,” Gabriel explained.
Dean returned the snarly grin to Gabriel as he leaned over to gently press his lips against Cas's cheekbone. The two of them never broke eye contact while Dean softly kissed the angel and the man was glad to see the trickster's smile dim as a result. Ha. That always seemed to get him.
“Is there a way I could fix it?” she asked, looking back to Clare “Kid, if I gave birth to you, I want to remember it -”
. A real one, not some bullshit distraction. I ain't got all the information yet, but I do have a lead... If you're interested.”
Bobby, remembering that it was rude to look at someone's phone over their shoulder, quickly cleared his throat and backed away.
Sam studied Gabriel's face from a few feet away and could tell that the guy was genuinely put off by the idea of their daughter sharing secrets with someone. Sam could understand where it might be a little weird, especially when they had no idea what it was about. But Gabe's father was
'? Ugh, no. Dean didn't want to refer to himself as a dad. That was just too creepy. But what else could he say? Cas wanted the baby to hear his voice, so what could he do if not speak? That was when a brilliant idea popped into Dean's head.
Before Jude could reply, the sound of footsteps came echoing from the back of the garage. Dean and Jude both turned to look out of Jude's open window to see Clarence and Cas making their way over. The demon kid and the angel were both wearing smiles – but Dean could tell that there was something different about Cas's. It was childlike somehow, far too mischievous to be ignored. Dean eyed his husband the most as he walked up to the car with Clarence. What the hell was going on with Cas?
Sam suddenly spun in his seat to face Dean, placing a hard fist on the table. The happiness that had been evident on the younger Winchester's face was gone now, replaced with anger and protectiveness.
“Yep,” Dean answered, eying his son's precious face, “But you've gotta get dressed if you want to go, okay?”
Lucifer’s voice echoed through the void like a rock dropped down a long shaft. The nephilim must have been shocked to hear the devil trying to be so helpful, because he was silent and still for several moments. There was no need for him to be so surprised. Lucifer could be helpful if he wanted to. He just never saw the point before.
“One of these days, I'm finally going to get you alone again, Sammy-boy. And when I do, I'm gonna tie you down and ride your giant dick until you beg for mercy,” Gabe whispered, voice full of seduction.
The diner went absolutely silent for an entire minute. All of the people in the room glanced at each other with varying expressions, all wondering the same thing. How could Death ask them to do such a thing? They couldn't give Sam or Dean's soul away like that! The guy was out of his mind! How could he back them into a corner like that?! After seeing that no one else was going to say anything, Death placed both of his hands on his cane and blinked at Dean.
“Oh, that's the guest list Oliver gave me,” Gabe answered, “Cassie and I are filling out the invitations for the wedding. The first fifty-ish people are from his mom's side of the family, and the other thirty are from his dad's.”
Gabe's heart thumped warmly inside his chest. Love and pride were both flowing through his veins in that moment, filling him with a sense of ease. Gabe still had his baby. His little rabbit was completely safe. And her soft voice reminded him so much of her daddy... Gabriel lifted his eyes to look around the room again, realizing that Sam still wasn't there to share their hug. Where was Gabe's moose? Did he gallop off to find some crops to eat or something?
It wasn't very difficult to get Jude into the bathtub. All Dean had to do was add some bubbles to the warm water and the kid practically dove in. Dean sat in the floor next to the tub and watched his son splash around for awhile, secretly admiring how much the little boy looked like Cas when his hair was all wet and dark. Jude spent most of his time sailing plastic boats around in the suds and talking in a pirate voice. And Dean played with him; plunging his hand into the water and pretending to attack Jude's boat like a sea monster. The sound of his child's laughter echoing off the bathroom walls made Dean grin with pride. It was so nice to spend time alone with Jude. The only thing that could have made it better was if Cas came back early to be with them.
Sam sniffled and tried to calm down, but he was too afraid to look back at his daughter. He was too ashamed to see her face.
With Jude dashing ahead of them, Dean took his time wandering down the hall with his husband. Next to him, Cas seemed a little daze. The party must have given the angel some kind of buzz because he was smirking at nothing and playfully wiggling his fingers between Dean's.
Gabe thought it was probably to soon to mention Lucifer by name. But his statement made curiosity grow in Jude's eyes anyway. The kid blinked up at Gabe and moved closer, no longer crying but fully enveloped in wonder.
With a furious breath, Sam opened his mouth to speak, but a breeze in the kitchen interrupted him. The heavenly aroma of coffee hit Sam like a Mac truck and he spun around to see Gabriel holding up a sack of genuine Colombian-grown coffee beans.
After Castiel's wilting erection was gone from Dean's body, the man forced himself to roll onto his side. He was facing away from the angel then, staring blankly across the room as he lay quivering on the floor. Castiel swallowed harshly while eying the back of Dean's torn shirt. He could only imagine which heavy thoughts were passing through the man's plagued mind. Perhaps he was thinking of the Impala again, unable to escape the memory of its shattered body. Or, perhaps, he was attempting to plot revenge on the archangel responsible for the destruction. Either way, Dean was currently lost to his thoughts. Eyes vacant and body unmoving. And it didn't look like he was in the mood for speaking.
“Mmm,” Dean hummed, pulling back while his fingers wandered south to grab a handful of Castile's backside, “Where did you get these, baby?”
Without a word, Clarence wandered toward Jude and thrust something into his hand. Jude looked down to see Dickie's furry moose staring up at him. Holy cow, when did Clarence get this? Did it fall off the bookshelf at the same time Jude did? Curious and stunned, Jude raised his head to stare at Clarence in awe.
The news station on TV was broadcasting bits of video footage that contained glimpses of dark clouds. The headline underneath read, '
Castiel realized that Gabriel was referring to the fabric in his hand. The two angels met eyes again and Cas could see a glowing enthusiasm in Gabriel's stare. It was the same he wore long ago, when their father first began the earth's creation. It was a look of genuine interest and excitement.
After several minutes of slow preparation and even slower delivery, Castiel finally received the tall cool glass of foamy liquid. The bartender gently placed the glass on the bar before asking for payment. Of course, Castiel didn't have any means of currency to pay for the drink. But, thankfully, his celestial grace came in handy in such circumstances. The angel reached out and firmly gripped the cold beverage, and gave a slight nod to the man for his service before flying back to the hotel in America. Castiel knew it was a terribly rude gesture to steal... but he desperately craved to get back to Dean.
Trees and houses and wooden fences were blurring passed the Impala as it flew down the highway in the dim light of sunset. And Dean was barely aware that he was sitting in the driver's seat because he was suddenly
With the manners of a true gentleman, Ollie led Jess across the road to the entrance of the festival, where he paid for their tickets and let her choose the first activity to do. Jessica suggested that they should try to tackle the corn maze, since there was no knowing how long it would take them. Ollie agreed and took her to the maze entrance on the other side of the festival. They passed lots of carnival games, rides, hotdog stands, and cotton candy machines along the way, and each one made Jessie's smile grow brighter. Wow, this was even better than the dance! Everyone was having such a good time; laughing and smiling and eating and playing. Maybe her family needed to come back here before the harvest season was over.
Hey, everyone! If you are new, welcome to the party! I hope you like what’s ahead! :D If you’re one of the amazing people who always keeps up with me, long time no see! :D Wait, what? It’s only been like a month? Geez, 2020 is taking its sweet time, isn’t it? XD I hope you enjoyed this story’s opening. (Do you know how strange and uncomfortable it feels to write Cas as Dean’s boyfriend instead of his husband? Just one of the many ways that the Purpose Series has ruined me.) XD This story will be dealing with some dark subject matter, though I will try to keep it as light as possible. It’s kind of a twisted take on the ‘AU’ territory. ;) It will be a stand-alone fic, so no extra parts are in the works. (You’ll probably thank me for that later. Lol) ;D More of the character's backgrounds will be explained in the next chapter. There’s not much else I can say without spoilers, so, I hope you stick around to see the new chapter next week! :D
“That song you claimed as ours,” Cas hummed, his lips so close that they nearly brushed against Dean's, “What does it say? 'Like a river flows, surely to the sea...?”
Dean slowly brought his attention back to Jude in front of him, who was holding down a smile toward the table. The way he poked at the pie with his fork was actually kind of adorable. Part of Dean wanted to be pissed. He suddenly agreed with all those things Cas said in bed the other night. Dean didn't want his child to be in love with a demonic, drug-addicted asshole!
Jessie giggled, not only because of the adorable way Ollie was struggling to walk with her in his arms, but also because of aunt Rowena. That clever witch had found a way to sneak as much good luck as she could into Jess's wedding day. Even when she wasn't there... Once they were in their room, Ollie sat Jess on her feet and dashed back to get their suitcases out of the hall. In the meantime, Jess looked around at their fancy living quarters. From the light fixtures to the hand rolled towels, everything about their room was absolutely gorgeous. But something on the bed caught Jess's attention.
“Well, well,” the archangel sighed, eying the entire length of Castiel's vessel, “Has anyone ever told you how good you look in denim? I'm tellin' you, bro. That Winchester-wear makes your eyes
Dean gulped, knowing there wasn’t anything else he could add. Luckily, Sammy had done a pretty good job on his own. For some reason, Gabriel only wanted to listen to Sam anyway. Though he was still visibly pissed, the archangel shrugged out from under Sam’s hand and plopped himself back at the table. Both Winchester brothers took a deep breath afterward, sharing a look of relief. Gabriel was still healing from his half-decade long ordeal, so his grace wasn’t strong enough to fly or cause much damage yet. But, damn, he was scary when he was pissed…
“Uh, no thanks,” Jude politely denied, easing down onto the bed next to her, “How are you feeling, Jess?”
“She... she said a plan was almost done, I think,” Jude uttered shyly, “She really wanted to keep me. But I didn't want to stay, Papa. She was really mean and I wanted to come home. I wanted to be with you and Daddy.”
Dean instantly spun around at the sound of Cas's short tone. The angels were back again, standing side-by-side near the refrigerator. Cas's wind-swept hair and intense eyes made Dean's heart flutter and his stomach seize up. Shit, how did the sight of Cas alone
After the initial shock wore off, Dean slowly sank back into his peaceful state. Staring up at his son's beautiful blue eyes and seeing nothing but unbridled joy made him feel
Jude glanced over to see Clare's expression. His pained, lovely greenish-brown eyes were narrowed into slits, but he didn't say anything. He waited for the warlock to continue.
“Me too,” Dean agreed as he caressed Cas's fingers with his own, “He'll be back though, Cas. And we'll keep his room exactly the way he left it.”
Naomi flew out of the room before Gabriel could give her another witty retort. Part of him was glad that she was gone, but another part felt nervous about it. What if something happened to her? What if she was the only one that knew where this cage was? What if Gabriel and Jude were trapped forever in an invisible hut on the middle of a battlefield in Heaven? The thought made Gabriel's stomach turn and his heart race with dread.
“Alright! Time for the last gift,” Papa announced, meeting eyes with Jess and smiling real big, “And this one's from me.”
Of the six people that were attending Jess's bachelorette party, four of them changed clothes. From aunt Rowena's fancy trunks, Jessie chose a tie-dye dress, thick heels, and a rainbow jacket. Rowena said she had to keep the 'bride-to-be' sash on too, but she didn't mind. The whole outfit made Jess look like a lovechild from the 70s, which she adored. Jane chose a sexy red number with ruffles, which reminded Jessica of something a salsa dancer would wear. Rowena changed into a black corset dress, with big fluffy sleeves and laces up the back. And Papa – true to his earlier statement – put on a purple dress with a black feather boa, and fishnet stockings. Honestly, he looked a little silly, but Jess didn't say anything. If that outfit made him happy, then she wanted him to wear it.
"... I like Papa Roach. Three days grace. Nine Inch Nails. Alice In Chains. Korn... You know, the good stuff they don't play anymore."
Meg gurgled again, coughing up blood that splattered some of Cas’s coat. Cas tried to calm her, gently shushing her and cradling her head to his chest. Part of Dean wondered why Cas wasn’t healing her, but then he remembered that Meg was a demon and celestial grace was lethal to her. Cas couldn’t help her even if he wanted to, which made the entire situation even worse. Meg was dying in Cas’s arms. And Cas couldn’t do anything but watch. Meg seemed to know this, too. Her fearful expression slowly turned understanding and somewhat peaceful as she blinked up at Cas. Her left hand, covered in fresh blood, shakily raised up and cupped the side of Cas’s face, to which Cas teared up and leaned against it.
Castiel looked toward the open window at the sound of his son's distant voice. Jude and Jessica were wandering around the motel grounds, searching for him. Castiel took one last look down at the child on the bed, realizing how much he reminded him of their own son, before flying back outside to meet Jude and Jessica. The young adults both sighed with relief when they saw him, jogging over to his side with a book in hand.
he alive? What was his reason for being there? And why couldn't he feel his body? Was he asleep? Or was he sleep walking? It felt like his body was moving, but he wasn't in control of it.
John nodded and turned around to look among the books on the table. In the meantime, Jude searched the room for anything that might have been related to his own father. There were two small plates of half-eaten chicken nuggets on the counter – next to a couple rounds of shotgun shells. There were a few coloring pages of puppies and flowers on the table – but they were covered by open lore books and circled newspaper headlines. And by the door, there were two sets of small, colorful tennis shoes – overshadowed by the large, mud caked boots laying on top of them. It seemed like everything in the room that might have belonged to Dad or uncle Sam was covered up by John's hunting stuff. And it kind of made Jude upset. Why didn't John hang up those colored pages that his sons made for him? Why did he toss his ammo around right where his young children ate their meals? Why couldn't he keep his revenge-fueled grief to himself instead of letting it pour over his kid's lives too?
“Sure,” Dean answered, folding the paper back up, “We'll have Cas and Gabe translated it. Sam and I can get the book for you.”
Jude chuckled at his friend's sudden enthusiasm and hopped into the cab along with him. Dean, however, paused near the door to speak privately with Sam.
“Okay,” he breathed, opening his eyes again to glance around at his family, “You know what? I, uh... I need to get in the shower. Gabe, you've got Jess, right?”
Jude took a second to steal a glance toward the very front seats, where Dad and Pop were curled toward each other – and they were both crying a lot. The sight of their tears made Jude feel slightly guilty, but he quickly kept talking, not wanting to lose track of his speech.
It took some time, but Sam eventually finished scrubbing the glitter out of his hair and off his skin. He subconsciously decided to stay in the shower for a while longer, just to take advantage of the alone-time and beat himself up some more. The sound of warm water pouring from the faucet was his only companion – until he heard a sudden 'whoosh' and felt cold air race up his back.
While Clarence dialed Rowena's number, Jessica and Gabriel giggled excitedly. But Castiel seemed confused.
Jessica sighed contently and snuggled her plush rabbit against her cheek, seeming satisfied. Sam couldn't help but see Gabriel's features hidden in her face when she smiled like that. She looked so much like her archangel father that it was scary at times. A yawn stretched out of Jess's tiny mouth, reminding them both that bedtime was eminent.
That little nugget of information seemed to entice her to listen. The argument that had been teetering on the edge of her tongue halted and her dark eyes narrowed even more. The sight made Lucifer’s smirk unravel into a full grin. He almost had her…
“Jessica, I'm unsure if having anyone else in the room during the delivery is safe,” he admitted, “If the area is too crowded -”
Ah! And the title of this part finally makes sense. ;D Folks, I'm really sorry about all the drama. I know it seems like the whole family is divided on this 'Meg' situation. But hopefully, Clare's insight near the end of the chapter helped put things into better Perspective. ;) I think it's funny how people (like the Winchester family) become so protective of the people they love, they will jump to defend them, even if they don't really need it. Meg's presence represents the memory of past trauma for many characters, but hopefully this experience will teach them that dark histories do not take away from the love that is already there. If anything, it just reinforces it. ;) (Is that too deep? Yeah, kinda deep. I swear I'm not trying to complicate this story with giant worm holes of thought! It just happens! Lol!) XD Guys, I really appreciate all of you for reading this work and leaving me the sweetest comments. Your kind words help me so much every single week, and I am so grateful and humbled by all of you! :) We will be checking in on Jess and Ollie next week! Thank you so much for reading and commenting, loves! The next chapter will be out soon! :)
With a brief exhale, Castiel soon tumbled to his knees and knelt by Adam's hospital bed. Though his body was trembling and anxiety was threatening to plague his mind, Cas brought his own hands together and rested his forehead on them.
Jude gulped as he felt Meg's eyes turn toward him. Ah, great, why did uncle Crowley have to point him out like that? Jude stole a timid glance up at Meg and could see that the news startled and upset her. But it seemed like Crowley was taking pleasure in knowing that he had caused her pain. In fact, it seemed like the whole room was divided. Crowley and Rowena wanted to boarder line torture Meg both physically and mentally, while Bobby and Jude just wanted a civil conversation. There was only one person in the room who hadn't said a word to Meg, and his opinion was arguably the most important of all...
“Try over here,” he said, sliding Sam's fingers to the left side, “Charlie likes to hang out under Jess's ribs for some reason.”
“Yep,” he answered, “With that grace of yours, honey, that lil' baby is gonna grow thirty times faster than normal. Don't you remember me telling you that?”
Heartbreak was quick to fall over the elderly man's face. His bottom lip quivered slightly and the pain was raw in his eyes. Dean – who, Castiel knew, was always sympathetic toward another person in pain – cleared his throat.
"Jessica," he pleaded, his voice so honest and cracked, "I really am sorry! I didn't mean for any of that to happen, I just - "
“Who else are we lacking?” Ollie said, “There's Clare, Bobby, Crowley, Rowena... I think that's it...”
As Dean moved closer to the barrels of fruit with his son in his arms, the hairs on the back of his neck slowly stood up. A familiar chill inched down his spine, one that he knew all too well. It felt like there were eyes on his back; like someone was watching him – and moving closer.
“Whoa,” Gabriel said, his face contorted with disgust, “TMI, baby-bird. That shit is waaay too personal. You should
?" Clarence repeated with a grin. He shook his head and took another bite before looking at Jude and saying, "I seriously can't believe you were made by two dudes. Like, how does that even happen? Did they have unprotected anal sex? Did you grow inside one of their colons and bust out of their stomach or something? That's some straight up 'Alien' shit right there."
“This is delicious!” he exclaimed in a deep, kingly voice, “I hereby declare this tea to be the best in all of the kingdom!”
“As you and Clarence were packing a moment ago, your father and I came here and attempted to clean the cabin of debris, but I’m afraid some of the damage is permanent,” Pop said, his face reddening slightly as he turned to the side and gestured toward the large dark spot on the wooden floor, “This… is where you were born, son.”
to harm the insubordinate quim,” Crowley muttered, “Not until she is reunited with her child and provides some kind of explanation for her unauthorized absence from hell. Only then will I carry out the proper punishment.”
“Jane,” Papa said, stepping forward with his hand out, “I don't know if you know this, but I can do some pretty cool things too. Changing memories being one of them,” he paused to let some of his golden grace shine in his hand, “If you want, I can doctor you up to where you won't have to remember this weird experience.”
After blinking himself awake from his orgasm, Dean's blurry eyes caught sight of the angel beneath him. Cas was still hammering away, giving Dean's ass absolute hell. But the dominant look on his face had disappeared, leaving the only wide-eyed innocent angel that Dean had fallen in love with. As he reached the edge of his own orgasm, Cas looked more like himself than he had all morning.
Dean wasn't exactly sure what he was begging for. Maybe he was just begging Cas to never stop; begging for Cas to pound into into him until his legs shook and his vision blurred. But Cas seemed to take his whimper to heart. Without missing a beat, the angel reached up to take Dean's drooling erection in his firm hand and started to stroke. Raw pleasure exploded in Dean's body like a fireworks display, making his moans pitch higher and his ass bounce faster.
! The female angel in the middle of the group took a small step forward and Sam instantly pointed his gun at her.
What the hell was that?! Dean limped away and looked down to see a few Lego blocks lying on the carpet. The brightly colored blocks made Dean start to glare and fume. Damn Legos! Where the hell did they come from? And why were they just laying around to be stepped on? That was worse than stepping on hot coals!
If he wasn’t looking at it with his own eyes, Lucifer would never have believed it. Death’s scythe – the deadliest weapon in the universe, the same that could shred archangels into ribbons, capable of reaping almighty God himself – had not only been stopped by a lowly pregnant Nephilim, the curved metal edge was now
“Yeah, a lot of our stuff is buried right now, but it’s just stuff. Most of it can be replaced,” Dean went on, “You know, before I met you, Cas, I didn’t have stuff. I just had Sam. So, I’m kind of used to being without it anyway… As far as ‘worldly possessions’ go, I only need three things. A good weapon. This car we’re sitting in,” Dean explained, patting the steering wheel in front of him before raising his left hand to display his fingers, “… and this wedding band.”
When Sam went off to college and their Dad was on a hunt, Dean would spend weeks at a time without anyone around. If he got too lonely, he just hit up a bar or two; play pool with the locals, chat up the waitresses, challenge other guys to drinking contests. Over the years, though, Dean had come to rely on his brother for companionship. Sam was more than just a younger sibling, he was Dean’s best friend. The kid was annoying sometimes, sure. But he was always there. Dean could talk to Sam about anything… and he really wished Sam was there in that moment so that they could discuss what happened.
After giving her husband the cake protection detail, Jess quickly waddled toward the garage doorway and the hall. The more she walked, the more she could feel pressure growing around her bottom half. At this point, she wasn't sure whether she had to urinate or defecate. All she knew was that she need to get to a bathroom fast – which was hard to do when she could only waddle at a turtle-like pace. She was already out of breath by the time she finally reached the nearest bathroom and closed herself inside. The lone toilet looked inviting. And she could feel Charlie moving around in her belly, making the urge to pee worse.
Hearing Jude endorse the name Gibson must have made Clare incredibly happy, because his eyes lit up and a smile finally flashed on his face. His eyes were still gleaning with tears, only this time from delight. He gave a breathless chuckle, which made Jude do the same.
Dean and Sam left their angels with the toddlers and Bobby decided to follow along just in case they needed back up. His three dogs – who were now on guard with their ears up and jaws fixed – stayed loosely around his ankles, acting like his own private security detail. The old man tried to ignore the dull ache in his back as he hiked up the stairs after the Winchesters, who led the way to a door. They all huddled around it before Sam cracked it open to steal a peek outside. It only took him a single glance to decide to pull the door the rest of the way open – revealing a pair of familiar brown eyes and the distinct scent of cinnamon.
Before anymore could be said, Gabe pressed the tips of his fingers to Jane's forehead and carefully scraped away all the memories of what the other angels did to her. He replaced it with one of her standing at her kitchen counter making a cup of coffee instead, and gently laid her back on the bed to sleep. Her lovely dark eyes closed and she relaxed again, going limp on the mattress. Oliver kept hold of her hand and watched, wearing a cute little worried face.
The concentrated focus on Papa's face finally broke, revealing the unbridled anxiousness hidden underneath. He suddenly lunged forward to wrap both arms around Jude. Dad copied him, stepping up to curl an arm around both of them. Jude stood in the middle of his parents' embrace, feeling like a little kid again.
“Actually, yeah. I have. I've beaten up lots of guys. Especially ones that try to hurt my little girl,” he answered with a warning look.
The old man paused to turn around and give a short whistle toward the open door, which summoned his three dogs. Peter, Willy, and Humphrey all pranced inside and raced to the toddlers where they jumped up to lick their faces. Jude and Jess both giggled and pet the dogs, seeming overjoyed that Bobby had chosen to bring them along. Although Dean was glad to see the old man again, his visit was kind of a surprise. Why he show up instead of calling? While the kids were distracted with the dogs, Dean edged closer to speak to him.
“I wouldn't say bribe. 'Saving it as your reward' is more like it,” Clarence revised, still wearing that tiny smirk as he looked to Jessie, “What do you say, Jess? Wanna hold off on the healing until we get some work done?”
The angel felt the man suddenly pressing at his back. Dean's free hand snaked up the front of Castiel's torso to hug him from behind while the two of them stared out at the lovely view. Soon, Dean's wet lips were moving against Cas's ear.
Everything was quiet after that. The fighting must have stopped. But Jude didn't realize it until he felt a tug on his hand. He turned to the side to see Jessie's pretty face next to him, smiling so bright.
“Release inside me, Dean,” the angel requested in a breathless tone, “I want to feel it... I love you, Dean... Let me feel it...”
“He stood up to Lucifer, yes. But you and Sam told me that Lucifer killed him when he impersonated the trickster God, Loki. He’s dead.”
until all the cards are on the table. I'll let 'em go when I think you've earned the right to have 'em back.”
Dad and uncle Sam's tight glares must have been enough to make Clarence continue, because he looked between them and took a deep, bracing breath. He hopped up to sit on the map table, letting his heavy boots dangle over the floor.
“Glad you could finally make it to our humble homestead, old-man-winter,” the archangel winked, hold out the box, “Here. We all chipped in and got you this.”
Caldwell stood proudly and brought his hand forward. There was a long, black blade in his hand, one that he offered to Clarence.
“Gabe,” Sam sighed, “You dumped an entire three-tier cake on the man. The least you could do is hear him out.”
had a place to call his own, complete with a bed and dressers and space. Dean had wanted to give him a room before he was even born and now he actually had one. And it made Dean feel so
The man was in total and complete denial of the situation and it surprised Castiel to see Dean so angrily defensive. Not only was Dean refusing to even consider the possibility of Castiel being pregnant, but he was also in denial of irrefutable facts. Yes, angels were genderless. Yes, angels had the power to reproduce with humans. But Dean did not want to hear such statements, and his cold reception of those comments worried Castiel greatly.
That Thompson kid was going to put his mouth on their daughter some day! Part of Sam wanted to freak out, but he was somehow able to remain calm. Gabe was right. Jessica and Oliver were only four and five right now. There were still many years between this moment and what Jessica dreamed... and in the meantime, Sam was going to make sure he put the fear of God into Oliver Thompson.
“Look. Bobby needs backup and this kid needs to be taken home,” he pointed out, talking slowly, “So, why don't we split up? Cas and I will find this kid's house and you and Gabe can -”
Cas moaned and bounced harder, reaching down to take hold of his own hard dick. The angel stroked himself in a frenzy while he panted into Dean's open mouth.
“How was Ollie-pop's party, baby bunny?” Gabe asked, “Did you eat lots of cake? Did he like his unicorn?”
I guess if this story had an overarching moral, it would be: Don't trust strange text messages, especially ones that try to lure you away from your safe zone. Because it's probably just angels trying to catch you in a trap. Lol. :D Needless to say, I think the boys will only be praying to their angels from now on. ;) Yes, I'm well aware that Lucifer has a nephilim baby in the canon now, which renders this fic even more non-canon. But in this universe, Gabriel is the only archangel with a baby. And she is one powerful little girl! :D Yes, Jessica had a premonition about what took place in this chapter. And I'm strongly considering the possibility of her being able to dream about the future even more as she grows up. But for now, I think our sweet little girl needs a break. ;) Thank you all so much for reading and commenting! I hope you are still enjoying! <3
The last thing Castiel wanted to do was startle her. He knew that surprising her might cause her to lose balance and fall – or worse, jump on purpose. But he also knew that the long drop into the water would not kill her. Her demonic aura would keep her vessel safe. Why she was standing on the railing like that, he wasn't sure. All he knew was that he needed to get her down safely and return her to the bunker before Clarence and Jude found out that she was missing. Castiel began by looking at Dean and carefully letting go of his hand. Thankfully, the man allowed the angel to approach the situation without hesitation. With Dean's blessing, Cas took a silent step forward, watching Meg's wavy hair sway in the night breeze.
Jude's baby-blues searched Clare's face for a second, as if he was looking at him for the first time – before they turned jet black again. Darkness clouded over Jude's eyes and it seemed really pissed. It tossed Clarence away, making him stumble back in shock. Jude's head shook back and forth a few times before he shouted and fell to his knees. Some of Jude's neon grace was starting to flicker along his arms as he hit the ground repeatedly. It almost looked like Jude was having an angelic seizure or something. What the hell happened?!
“Uh, I didn't,” he said, quickly patting around his pockets for a fake ID, “I actually work for the FBI, and my name -”
voice! She was praying to him! Although the fog of Darkness was still heavy over his soul, Jude attempted to pray back.
“Our daughter is always going be hunted down by monsters, Gabe. Hell, she can't even go to a friend's house without seeing the corpses of her dead relatives laying around. What makes you think sending her to a public place on a daily basis would be any safer?”
While the two of them quietly rekindled their bond, Sam glanced over to look at his husband near the bookshelf, who was watching it all with a smirk. Gabriel seemed proud of Sam for being able to fix this mistake all on his own. The archangel stood up and leaned over to peck a kiss to the side of Sam's head.
“Awesome,” the demon grinned, his echoing voice making Jude smile and shrink in his chair, “So, uh, before we dive into the cake and gifts and stuff, I want to make sure that Jude gets to hear
“Hey!” she shouted to the rest of her family, “Hey, I – I can hear him! I talked to him! I just prayed to Jude!”
upset, could he? No, there was something else going on. Something Dean didn't like... Gabriel flashed a grin at Dean as he raised a fork-full of pancake to Sam's lips. The kid eyed it before giving the archangel a smirk.
Jude sulked back into the far reaches of his mind. As terrible as it seemed, he knew Darkness was right. There was no son here. Jude couldn't be a good son for his parents anymore. He wasn't Superman. He wasn't a Jaybird. Jude couldn't be anything. Because he was nothing.
A gust of air swept through the room and Papa appeared near the door. Jude barely had time to look up and see him before he came over to sit on the bed next to Jude with extended arms. Jude whimpered aloud before leaning over to fall into his Papa’s embrace. Papa’s long trench coat sleeves wrapped snuggly around him, just like they did in his youth. The warmth and sweet smell of Papa’s body was able to comfort Jude like nothing else could. Still clutching Bumble Bee, Jude cried onto his Papa’s shoulder.
“This is bullshit,” Dean grumbled, raising his head again to glare at no one in particular, “Just let the freakin' angels go, Bobby. We've got better things to do than waste our time here.”
Jude watched his own light dim and dim until he was staring at his darkened stomach for the umpteenth time. Once again, Jude found himself laying naked in bed with the warmth of his husband’s seed dispersing inside him. His grace was empty, just like it had always been. Empty. Fruitless. Barren. Useless. Michael was right. His grace wasn’t made to create. It was a black hole that destroyed everything it touched. Even with Clare being totally human, they still weren’t able to conceive a child. And it only confirmed what Jude knew all along…
“I'm sorry, Cas,” Dean almost whispered, searching his blue eyes, “I didn't mean for this to happen -”
A strange jolt rushed through the bottom of Jude's stomach. Jay-bird? No one had ever called him that before. Not even uncle Gabe, who was the king of nicknames...
Both of Jessica's hands shot up to cover her open mouth and Sam could see the surprise and excitement shining in her eyes. She really wanted to go on a date with Oliver, and hearing Sam arrange it must have been pretty shocking. Hell, even Sam was shocked to hear himself saying it. But he wanted to redeem himself. And if dating Oliver made his daughter happy, he wanted to let her do it, no matter how much it scared him.
“Now if you'll excuse me, I have to do something I've been wanting to do all morning,” he announced.
“Should I get you some medicine?” Oliver asked, “I can go down to the lobby and ask where the nearest pharmacy is -”
A delighted giggle escaped Jess's mouth as her Grandpa Chuck winked and waved at her. It felt like it had been so long since she had seen him! He looked the same as ever; scruffy beard, tight curly hair, and eyes as blue as the ocean. He must have been who her parents and uncles were talking about earlier... As she continued to scan her destination, Jess finally looked upon the pale face of her fiance. Oliver – standing next to Clare, who was his 'best man' – looked more handsome than Jessica had ever seen him before. Not because he was wearing a nice suit or because his hair was nicely combed, although those things were pleasant. No, Oliver looked so good in that moment because the innocent awe in his glistening eyes reminded Jessica of the little boy she fell in love with so many years before. When they first met, in the very same playground they were standing in at that moment, Jessica already knew this day would come. She knew she was going to be with Ollie for the rest of her life. This wedding was only a small stepping stone in their long lives together.
“Be careful, son,” Pop cautioned, studying Jude’s eyes, “How are you feeling? Are you in any pain? Can you state your full name?”
“H – How... How did you know that I – ?” Cas gulped, “Y – You were asleep, Dean. How did you know I gave you that dream?”
“Pennsylvania,” Sam answered, “Apparently, they brought some pretty rough curses onto themselves and their town when they opened it. But everything inside her tomb was taken out and given to different museums and stuff... Gabe, what did you say the name of that book was?”
Jude could feel the strength and bravery from Clare's courage potion surging in his veins when he went with Jessie and his uncles to go and fight the Darkness. For the first time in his life, he felt as heroic as Superman. The way Jude saw it, Darkness was another villain to get rid of. It wasn't that big of a deal. At least, until it started to take Jessie...
He turned back to look at Clarence and saw that the kid was actually beaming ear to ear. Man, Bobby had never seen a kid so darn happy to have someone boss him around. Did Clarence actually like having rules?
The younger Winchester and the archangel glanced toward them, seeming to be coming out of their own personal conversation. Sam cleared his throat before walking over to join Dean at the head of the group. The angels lingered behind them to walk in stride. The planks of the wooden porch creaked under their footsteps as they journeyed to the front door. Dean knocked on it casually before straightening out his own tie and jacket. Castiel could tell that the man was jittery.
For a while after they were done, Dean and Cas just laid quietly on the bed in the dim light of the angel's glow. Dean lazily kissed the back of Cas's neck while he slowly ran his hands up and down the angel's sides and back. He loved touching and kissing Cas after having sex. Holding him was always great because he was so warm and he smelled so good. Cas, however, was gently cradling his stomach, holding it with both hands and softly stroking it with his thumbs. Dean smiled a little, watching over Cas's shoulder.
“Mmm,” Dean hummed as he pulled back to look at his watch, “It looks like we've got about two and a half more hours before the rest of the family gets back... Wanna get started on round two?”
Everyone watched as the little blonde girl wiggled her way out of Sam's grasp to get down. Her sparkly rainbow shoes shimmered against the dark floor as she grabbed both Sam and Gabriel's hands and tugged them forward, pulling them back toward the first room. Sam and Gabriel willingly stumbled along with their daughter's direction. In fact,
Dickie only wagged his tail in response. Sam shook his head before lowering it back to Gabriel's neck. At this point, he didn't care who was watching. He just wanted to soak up as much alone time with Gabe as he possibly could.
Blood drained from Jude's face. Clarence? Dad actually wanted Jude to go and get Clarence? Oh boy, Jude was so glad that his dad didn't know that Clarence was the one that they were talking about last night. Because if he did, he probably wouldn't want Jude to be near Clarence, let alone ask him to come to dinner. Jude realized that he was just standing there like a slack-jawed idiot and quickly coughed to cover up the awkwardness.
“He was my main supplier,” Clarence admitted shamefully, eyes locked on the ceiling, “Usually, our transactions consisted of money... but there near the end, when I was about to go looking for the bunker, I was getting desperate for fixes, so I... I let him touch me to get it... And I hate myself everyday for doing that shit. I mean, h – how messed up do you have to be to let someone screw you for drugs?” Clare gasped, his tears falling faster as his breath hitched, “The worst part, was that I – I was so high all the time that I didn't even feel bad! I didn't feel anything! Even when I was being used, I just laid there and took it! God, what's wrong with me?! Why did I do that?! Why did I let that happen?! What was I – ?!”
Dean was moving again, pulling Castiel around the corner into the corridor that led to their bedroom. This time, an almost inhuman groan burst from Dean's mouth and he had to stop and push Cas against the wall again, grinding his manhood firmly against the angel's. Even through several layers of clothing, Castiel could feel his husband's erection. And the sensation nearly caused him to gasp in shock. Dean was so very
Jude whimpered and clung to his uncle even tighter, seeing eery delight grow on Raphael's smirking face.
“I don't think I should tell you. I don't want to ruin the surprise,” she mumbled, smiling again as she nodded toward the baby in his arms, “Charlie is our first, and I think we should focus on her. They grow up fast and I don't want to miss a single second.”
Castiel tore the remaining denim away from Dean's body with a few stern tugs. Once the man's lower half was completely exposed, the angel gathered a good bit of saliva in his mouth and used his fingers to begin transferring it from his mouth to Dean's tight opening. The ring of muscle clinched at Castiel's prodding touch, but the man's legs spread even farther apart, prompting him to continue. Dean was still fighting back against Cas, still grunting and growling and wiggling around as the angel readied him, but he was also angling his backside toward the angel's pelvis. Dean was offering himself to Castiel in an aggressive way and Cas couldn't help but be aroused by it. Oh, Dean's hole was so tight. And his teeth were so sharp...
Sam reclined back in Jessica's bed a bit further so that he could bring the book in his hand closer to their faces. Once they could see the picture on the page properly, he picked up right where he left off, reading the text out loud in the softest voice possible. Dickie was sleeping at the foot of the bed, quietly snoring on top of his stuffed moose. And Jess's head and arms were growing limp against Sam's side and he knew it wouldn't be much longer before she fell asleep too.
“Daddy,” Jess said, batting those long eyelashes, “Can Jude and I watch Willy Wonka before bed tonight?”
“Please don't attack him, Dean,” Cas asked softly, being more persuasive than he probably knew, “Don't allow last night to repeat itself.”
Dean recalled the struggle they had reaching each other at the mouth of that portal – and then he remembered that Cas’s coat strap was still on his forearm. If the strap was missing from Cas’s coat, then odds were, he was the real thing. Dean subtly slid his hand down to feel the back of the angel’s coat… but there was no strap there. Dean even pulled back to look down and search, but the stretch of fabric wasn’t on Cas’s person, it was wrapped around Dean’s forearm.
“Nonsense. The man just needs a wee calming potion,” Rowena replied, fixing her hair as she walked toward the hall, “Clarence, love. Be a dear and fetch me a cauldron up from the bottom floor, would you?”
; glistening red liquid soaking into the wood floor like paint. But as frightened, weak, and shaky as he was, the moment Cas looked up at Dean, happiness and relief blossomed on his frail features.
*) :D I really hope you guys stick around to see how that pans out because I think it will be amazing. :) I have to admit that Dean's convo with Clare was partially inspired by the book, “The Shack.” (I cried all the way through that one. Make sure you have tissues handy if you give it a read. Lol) ;) Also, I hope that I didn't take too much liberty with Dean's childhood, by saying that he never had a good dream about Mary except when Cas gave him one. I just figured that seeing her burn on the ceiling was so traumatic that it would scar him that way for a long time. And I know that this seems like the last chapter, but it's not. There is still one more chapter to go for this part, and I really hope you all stick around to see it next week! :D Thank you all soooo much for reading and commenting! I couldn't ask for better readers! You are all beautiful blessings to me! *hugs* The next chapter will be out soon! :)
“It's what your uncle Dean and uncle Cas do when the doors are closed,” Gabriel replied instantly, shooting Dean a wink.
For a second, Gabe just stared at the fruit in wonder. It had been a long time since he used that spell in its entirety. Did it work? How was he supposed to make sure that it did the job? The archangel glanced up at his Jack Russel Terrier, who was still watching everything with his tail in a blur. Curious to test his new product, Gabriel swirled his index finger in some of the juice around the cherries and offered it to the dog.
The metal island in the center of the room got most of Dean's attention, though. That was where his son Jude was sat next to Clarence, both with their backs to the door and facing the other side of the island – where Meg and Cas were sitting next to each other. The sight actually stopped the bacon-induced saliva flow in Dean's mouth and turned his stomach sour. Not only were Meg and Cas sitting together – and smiling and talking like it was a normal day – but Meg was drinking out of Dean's favorite Men of Letters mug... and she was wearing Cas's blue robe.
As soon as he heard Gabriel's angered tone, Dickie ran and jumped off the bed, diving underneath it to hide from his owner. Sam and Bobby's mouths fell open and Cas looked confused. Dean, on the other hand, wasn't very surprised. He always knew Gabe's dog would hump the wrong thing eventually. Inside Cas's arms, Jude wiggled awake and was starting to whine a little bit. Gabriel's loud voice had startled him and he clearly didn't like being woken up. Cas instantly bounced the baby a little bit, trying to calm him down. Dean wanted his kid to have some peace and quiet to rest and Jude couldn't sleep if Gabriel kept yelling.
Crowley didn't let go right away. He kept holding on to Clarence's arm and staring at him with jet-black eyes, using some invisible force to accomplish whatever he was trying to do. But his grip eventually loosened and Clarence finally pulled himself away. The lights came back on and both demons' eyes faded back into their usual shades of brown and green. The Winchesters were all staring at Crowley, wondering what he was doing. The king of Hell slowly turned around to look at Dean again and give him a woeful frown.
When Jessica's voice trailed off, Gabriel noticed that her eyes were suddenly full of emotion. Saying that the bunker was a temporary place to stay somehow made her upset, but why? Did she want Jane's family to stay longer at the bunker? Or was it something else? Jess's words were able to work their magic on Sam yet again, because the moose exhaled and shook his head.
He walked over to bend down and kiss her forehead just as he did to Gibson. Grace was the exact opposite of her brother. She was shy, quiet, and liked to do things by herself. And while she wasn’t great at meeting new people, she was always nice and polite. Her celestial aura was solid white because it had come straight from Jude’s own. Her grace was as pure as her soul and brighter than the sun. If Gibson took after Clarence, then Grace must have taken after Jude.
Dean was kind of used to Cas's weird behavior. The man knew that his angel liked to get lost in thought sometimes and ponder the meaning of life or whatever. But today, Cas's silence seemed weirder than usual. Ever since they woke up in the woods – and quickly got dressed to avoid being seen by morning joggers – Cas never said a word. He had been quiet all morning, like a kid who had been yelled at by his parents. And it was starting to freak Dean out.
Dean couldn't control the smile that flashed on his own face. Ah, dammit. How could a terrifyingly powerful angelic soldier look so freaking cute when asking for tea? Again, Dean leaned close to peck another kiss to Cas's adorable face.
The man's words got lost in his throat when the trickster leaned up to kiss Sam. Dean felt sick immediately, watching the two of them start to tongue each other at the table. Ew, that was his little brother! And he was swapping spit with a tiny archangel!
Crowley stopped dead in his tracks when he raised his head to see everyone standing in his throne room. His brown eyes shot straight to Bobby in the middle and instantly filled with a warm glow of surprise. The tray slowly slipped out of his grasp and crashed to the floor, making the teapot shatter and cookies fall everywhere. Even from a single glance, Sam could tell that Crowley was actually
” Clare defended, instantly sitting up on the bed and lowering his eyebrows, “Shit, Jude, do you really think you’re alone in this? I’ve done everything I can to make this work. Look at me! I’m human right now!”
“Look, you don’t owe me anything… but when you make it back, will you tell him and Gabe that I said, ‘I’m sorry?’ Just them, nobody else,” Lucifer requested, searching the nephilim’s glowing form over, “I never meant for them to get caught up in Dad’s and my fight…”
“Elvis was right,” Dean whispered against Cas's lips, “I honestly can't help falling in love with you, Cas.”
“That's right,” Dean agreed, turning to Sam and nodding toward the back door, “I think we should talk to Bobby. See what he thinks about this Death thing...”
“It – It sounds like we have earned my father's blessing, Dean,” Cas uttered, his tone high with joy.
. Which was bizarre, because Jude had never seen Clare intimidated by anyone before. Not his father, not his mother, not even Michael or Lucifer. No one was able to compromise Clare's cool composure. Until now, it seemed...
Jude's sentence slowly trailed off when the sound of shuffled footsteps came up to the doorway. Clarence, wearing ripped faded jeans and a holey black t-shirt, wandered aimlessly into the kitchen. He was holding a hand to his head like he had a headache, and his eyes were squinty from where he just woke up. Jessica studied the demon guy's face as he stood there, feeling like she recognized him better. Skin softer, hair cleaner, eyes brighter, body language calmer. Clarence looked more like the guy from her visions – more like
“Yeah. You're the one who figured out how to make the baby, remember?” Gabe pointed out, “All I did was nearly burn your poor dick off.”
As was the Winchester protocol, Dean grabbed a nearby pistol, made sure there was a bullet in the chamber, and tucked it into his waistband before heading up the stairs. It was midnight on Halloween, and he wasn't about to take any chances. Everyone else - except for Jude, who was probably hiding that book bag - watched him from the bottom of the spiral staircase with worried faces. When Dean reached the top, he took a second to brace himself before pulling the door open
“Yep. Jane’s meeting the kids,” Clare explained, walking closer to tilt Grace toward him, “You wanna hold her?”
“When Gabriel and I first came through this area, two rooms caught our immediate attention,” he began, walking the hall at a gentle pace, “One was the large study of course, because Gabriel knew Sam was going to enjoy it the most. And the other was
“Jude, Jessica,” Castiel called, causing both children to look at him, “Be sure to get dressed. We will be leaving soon.”
The sound of hurried footsteps dragged Clare out of his stupor. He looked up just in time to see worry mix in with the happiness on Jude’s pale face.
Dean felt like a child on the floor, hands shivering around the cold bars in his hands. He had never been truly afraid of Cas until that moment. There was no sympathy in the angel’s voice. No trace of the warm, loving soul that Dean adored. The king was just that; a royal king who had just foiled an assassination attempt on his own life and witnessed the death of his closest friend. He was battle-hardened and brokenhearted with no remorse left to give…
“My brother has an appointment we have to get to,” Dean lied, already starting to walk away, “Sorry, but I can't finish the tour.”
“We aren’t,” Cas replied, making Meg briefly look at him in confusion. “I intend to interrogate this one. Gain as much information as possible.”
As strange as it might seem, there is actually some Destiel smut in this chapter. Crazy, right? ;D I hope you guys enjoy! Thank you so much for reading!
Bobby smiled and nodded, though his eyes flicked to his own dirty hands on the table. A few new calluses had come up on his palms from all the recent chiseling he had done, but he didn’t mind them. It was the least he could do for his poor dog… Crowley reached over to gently clasp Bobby’s hand with his own soft fingers.
The two of them laid that way for hours; chest to chest, fingers tangled, faces nuzzled against each others' shoulders. The mixture of silence, warmth, and the sound of Clare's steady breath was so comforting to Jude that he eventually drifted to sleep. It was only a cat nap. Jude was only out for maybe half an hour at the most. But when he eventually opened his eyes again, the angel realized that his fiance was no longer in the bed with him.
Jess gulped and stepped forward to wrap Jude into a hug. She appreciated the compliment, and especially the support. She was so grateful that she and Jude went to get their outfits at the same time. It made getting the weddings together a little less stressful.
"I'm gonna fly in there and try to talk to her," he offered quietly, "Not sure it's gonna do much good at this point, but I'll give it a shot."
“Oliver wants us to go with him tonight,” Jude explained, “He said he's almost to the bunker. I'm pretty sure that he planned some kind of... bachelor party.”
Chills raced up Dean's spine as he felt Cas kissing him softly. The man's anger was suddenly being infiltrated by guilt. What would Cas do if Dean took up Romeo's sword and slayed Gabriel? Sammy freaking out would be one thing – the kid would probably go off on a bitching-spree and refuse to talk to Dean for a while, but he would eventually get over it. They had fought over shit like this before and still came back to each other – but Cas? What if it broke his heart? What if he
