Steve’s laughter swiftly turned into passionate moans as Tony’s tongue slid into his mouth and his fingers expertly touched him in all the right places.
He stared at her with that unflinching gaze and she stared back unwavering, despite the fact that his gaze made her want to look away. He finally nodded and then went back to eating without giving her his name.
The father reached across the divide and tightly grasped Steve’s arm. Steve fearfully looked up to the Father Michael’s gaze, but he saw no disgust or contempt in his gaze…only a weary sadness.
It was there he crossed his arms over his chest, closed his eyes, and began to do what he did best: think.
Tony deflated slightly but agreed, “Alright.” He glanced guiltily down at Steve's flagging erection and murmured, “Sorry about that.”
Thank you to everyone who has been reading, just started reading, left kudos, bookmarked, or commented! All your positive feedback (and cries of terror) are greatly appreciated! XD
His eyes focused on his husband, laying on the ground, in a pool of his own blood. Wade was there, breathing shallowly, but applying pressure to the worst of Steve’s wounds. Tony fell out of his suit and put his hands on Steve too.
Steve followed the command without question and slid himself along the wall back to the room he’d been imprisoned in. Natasha helped James along the wall with a helping shoulder and then into the cold room itself.
and I need you to know, in case…” He couldn’t finish the statement. It was too painful to say aloud. Tony’s eyes were locked with Steve’s, even when he pressed their foreheads together.
“It’s fake,” Steve said. His eyes glanced at the mirror to meet his friend’s eyes for a moment and he explained, “To help me out in trial. Public opinion of me will be greater if I’m in a relationship. They’re more likely to believe that I didn’t do it.”
Steve’s heart immediately rebelled at the notion and he looked down as he struggled with what he really wanted. Could he really stop fighting?
“You can grow it back when you get back to the future,” Cap retorted, waving it off like it was nothing. “For now, you can use my shaving kit.”
Wade wound his arms around Peter and his big hands rubbed at his shoulders. Peter relaxed into his touch and moved his head so he was no longer hiding from Wade. Instead, he pressed his ear to Wade’s chest and listened to the strong beat of his heart.
Tony took them up to a podium and he finally let go of Steve to place both hands on the pedestal as he took in the crowd. Steve stepped beside him and, after a moment’s hesitation, wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist. The clicking of cameras intensified and the flashing made Steve squint but he did not let go of his friend.
“Stubborn idiot,” Bucky murmured. He sighed heavily and whispered, “I am still stubborn too. You know I am not leaving this time? Just like with your Ma, I’m here till the end…till the end of the line…Only this time I may be more of a danger to you than help…”
!” Tony hissed, his head snapping back up. He glared at Steve with such an intensity that it made Steve wince.
“Steve needs time to adjust to our world before we throw him into it and ask him to defend it,” Tony stated the words Steve had been struggling to say. “He’s gone through things no one else has
“Whenever a couple is happy, something happens to make them unhappy or break them up,” Tony explained.
Steve let himself sink into the bed and met Tony’s emotional gaze. Steve’s pain dwindled but Tony’s emotional pain only seemed to grow. Tony finally snapped, “
Mr. Stark who he has been in a relationship with for the last two years! The Captain is being wrongly charged by—.”
Tony considered her question and was very tempted in replying with a tart, sarcastic remark. Instead, he held his tongue. He looked over his shoulder to the broken cyborg, crippled by a broken body and unnatural emotions. He replied, “For the rest of your existence, do whatever it is in your power to make Peter happy for the rest of his life. Only then, maybe, the guilt will abate.”
“Do you see how tight these pants are?” Steve countered and turned around, so Tony could marvel at the tailorship that went into the perfect cupping of Steve’s ass.
Tony put pressure on the grisly wound to staunch the bleeding and gagged when he felt the burning flesh from the heat of the bullet and hard sharp bits that must have been his broken spine.
Natasha and Bucky had been very private about their affair, but they had been inseparable...until the dusting.
“Never,” Tony agreed and helped Steve take his shirt off too. Once free of his shirt, Steve dropped his head and kissed Tony again, his fingers spread across Tony’s back and pulled him close, making their naked chests touch and the warmth of their flesh to sink into each other, another testament to the life within both of them.
Tony touched the hologram, making his soulmate’s form waver. With just as much yearning, Tony whispered, “
“Wh-Where is he now?” Tony garbled. When he did not see Steve in either lab, he did not think much on it. He had assumed he went to their apartment to take a shower or change clothes. But what if..?
Tony had realized he just learned a few things about Captain America: (1) He was a great kisser, and (2) He was no Boy Scout.
Steve smiled widely, his eyes crinkling from his elation, and he replied, “Yes, yes, yes, I will marry you, you big doofus!” He kissed Tony tenderly and then mumbled against his lips, “I love you so much,
The video though…was it possible Peter still lived or were Tony’s fragile hopes trying to reason the impossible into an improbable possible?
“To see you, Sir,” Jarvis replied. “He requested a meeting. When asked what the meeting was for, he said he merely wanted to speak with you. From there, security removed him and his companion.”
Internally, Peter was excited for the future and his career. This was a giant leap away from the mechanical science his father did. This was going to establish Peter Parker’s identity, not as the “cloned” son following in his father’s footsteps, but as a biological scientist.
Many elected not to live on with zeroed out implants but if they did they usually were not stable because of the trauma from losing their mate. Because of the negative outlook, zeroed out soul implants were stigmatized. His Ma always made sure to cover her implant before she went out or she’d risk being looked at differently. She wasn’t crazy but a tough cookie.
Steve Rogers would never give up!” Coulson snapped. “Keep working on a solution and stop making excuses!”
Steve nodded and let Bruce drag him to the elevators. Clint called out Thor’s name, catching the thunder god’s attention. He dashed inside, his long, blond locks plastered to his face, and gasped, “Any word on Peter??”
“Something’s wrong,” Peter gasped, his hair was starting to stand on end and his entire body was tense. Could the fight be moving in their direction?
He wanted to go to sleep, holding Tony close. As it was, he was not going to be leaving him alone for the next week at least.
If Steve told him Peter didn’t want to see him then even his husband’s presence wouldn’t stop him from reaching for the bottle.
Natasha scrambled to her feet and glared daggers at him. When he met her angry gaze, she yelled something in Russian. Bucky flinched and looked down, flushing with shame.
He knew the future was already written but he was not going to meekly walk into Hydra’s arms. He was going to fight for his freedom and maybe, just maybe, he could change his fate.
Peter chuckled as he imagined the bizarre act then quickly gulped it back. He gasped, “Sorry, I did not mean to laugh.”
Steve walked over to the shaking man as Tony landed and hit him hard on the back. The Sandman fell and did not get back up.
Jarvis charged right after the man and Howard half expected him to chase him down. Instead, he slammed the door closed behind him and bolted it shut.
“Dr. Nathan Kaswani,” the American replied as he shook his hand. “It’s nice to meet you Mr. Carter.”
Feeling uncomfortable, Tony played with his food and plastered a fake smile on his face as Steve laughed, "No, Sneaky said nothing of the sort!"
Pepper sighed heavily and said, “Jarvis told me everything and the first thing I did was call Phil but he did not pick up.”
Steve took the toy with a smile then, inspired by Peter, removed his spare dog-tag. The chain for the spare was made to go on his big toe in the event of his death and was just large enough to fit around Peter’s wrist. Peter let him put it on with a curious expression and ran his tiny fingers over the contours of his engraved name.
In his final moments, with blood dripping from his mouth, Tony gurgled through the blood, “Why didn’t you save me?”
He didn’t say much the rest of the night. He mostly sniffled but, at one point, he murmured, “It’s not fair…”
"Sorry for telling you, you are my son?" In Peter's eyes, he'd see Tony as being sorry for telling and that he regretted it now...and thereby pushing Peter away further.
Steve shot up in the bed as the alarms blared and the lights turned on. Tony rose with him, keeping his hand on his back.
“Sure,” Peter replied with a forced chuckle. He adjusted his hold on Wade and Wade lightly gripped his arm.
“Are you okay??” They both asked at the same time. They chuckled and separated, both smiling widely.
Peter and his dad argued over it a while longer until Steve stepped in. He didn’t seem happy about Peter’s decision either but, he agreed with him that it was his decision and he should try it at least.
Clint grumbled indignantly under his breath but went to do as Natasha commanded. He pulled the flat screen off the wall then withdrew a knife from its holster on his upper thigh. He dug into the wall with the knife, trying to get the bullet out.
“Me too,” Tony moaned back and Steve jolted as if electrified. He jerked back to peer fully into Tony’s eyes and stared incredulously at Tony. Tony cupped Steve’s face with both of his hands and whispered in a broken voice, “I-I love you too. I-I-I love you, Steve. That’s why I came to your apartment, to tell you, but when I saw Sam, I just thought-.”
Quick reminder, this is an AU so characters and events will be different than the MCU and the comic-verse!
“Daddy will be back to check in on you!” Howard retorted with a grin before dashing out of his tent. Tony sighed heavily and rubbed his face to help himself relax.
“Oh,” Steve murmured, finally understanding Bucky's insinuation. He cast his gaze down with a flush. He had been watching Tony a lot but…he didn't think he was that obvious.
“Your and Master Rogers’ routines have been skewed the last three weeks,” Jarvis stated. “Most specifically, you have been less productive and he has been in residence less and not as social with his peers.”
Wade cleared his throat and muttered, “This went from possibly getting in your pants to wallowing in our drinks. Major bummer.”
The smoke began to clear and he saw the majority of the agents were standing around Steve. Steve had his shield up and was looking to Tony. Several agents held tranquilizer guns, containing something most likely to knock Steve out.
! I just…” Tony gripped Steve’s hand tightly and his shoulders drooped. He whispered, “I thought you were going to die in my arms and ever since you stabilized….” Tony his face into the center of Steve’s chest where his heartbeat was strongest. Tony whispered into his shirt, “One moment I was carrying a tray of zucchinis and feeling like the happiest man on the planet…and the next…Peter was gone and you –
“The Peter I know wouldn’t brush aside his relationship with his father so easily for an easy fling,” Wade stated the fact that had been festering in the back of his mind.
“He’ll be fine, Dad,” Peter assured him. “He’s a mutant with an awesome healing ability. He will have a new arm by tomorr –.”
The black tendrils on Steve’s limbs pulled him in and Steve looked back to Peter. The mass had grown and mirrored Steve’s physique and the sharp smile had opened to reveal a large mouth.
Bruce spent more time with SHIELD than the Tower in the coming weeks. He quickly became a valuable resource to SHIELD with his knowledge on the subject. Tony popped in from time to time to check in on his friend and check out the glorious form of the super soldier.
Tony heavily sighed and closed his eyes as his head fell back on his pillow. He murmured, “Need to get the morphine hooked back up.”
They almost had to declare bankruptcy. Norman had to call in favors to save his company and fortune. And to top it all off, SHIELD kept Stark Industries
Steve watched it all in shock. The Goblin learned from his prior fight with Thor, it was prepared for him and know it trying to incapacitate Clint as well.
Tony looked like crap. Peter could tell he hadn’t gotten any sleep and he was extremely disheveled. He was even wearing the clothes he had worn yesterday… When their eyes met, Tony’s gaze grew wary.
His laugh was loud enough to draw attention from outside and there was a light knock on the door and Tony and Steve broke their kiss. They looked to the door just as Coulson stuck his head inside.
Steve instantly was uneasy by the notion. He barely knew the man and what he knew were the quirks that annoyed him…Other than giving him the article to read…that was nice of him.
Peter hadn’t seen anyone romantically since Gwen died because he didn’t want to risk anyone else’s life ever again. Dating him was a risk. Even with Wade’s abilities, he wouldn’t have risked that unless he was
“Romanoff!” Fury barked, and the pretty redhead Coulson had introduced to him stepped forward. Fury stated, “Agent Romanoff is debriefed on your situation. I won’t take in Barnes on the condition she stays with you two for the near future. I trust her word over yours on whether or not he is ready for society. In the meantime, as always,
He pointed his hands at Solo and the rubber bullet guns rose out of the shell of his arms. Tony threatened, “Let the girl go now or I will fire.”
Tony sighed and mumbled, “I usually can’t communicate until my second cup of coffee so yeah, I shouldn’t put my foot in my mouth by the first half…”
Tony stumbled to his feet and grabbed the chip, scrapping his fingers against the glass beneath him.
“Do you want to meet Peter?” Steve asked cautiously. Steve assumed he would have to cajole her into a meeting. Her anger was a surprise and unnerving…
me to be good during dinner.” Steve smiled warmly to himself and murmured, “He always keeps his promises to me.”
He walked to the elevator and Jarvis opened it for him. He stepped in and did not turn around as the lift took him to the ground floor. Even when it jolted to a stop and the doors opened, Steve remained facing the elevator.
!” Tony nearly yelled, his emotions strained his voice and made it sound like the statement was painful to say.
“Fuck,” Tony moaned under the water. Too late now for him not getting hurt! Steve was worse than alcohol. Tony just wanted to go back and suck him dry.
Tony paused by the front door and turned to Peter. He said, “Just ask May about it. Tell her I was here. She hates my guts but she will tell you the truth. I’m willing to talk, all you need to do is call that number.” He motioned to the card Steve left on the sofa.
– I felt like I had died with you.” Tony kissed him again, first on the mouth but then he planted multiple kisses all over his face.
Steve avoided Tony’s gaze as he leaned back against the stretcher in only his boxers. He shamefully thought back the night prior when Tony had torn his boxers off him and they had sex for the first time. It felt like years ago now.
“You also need to show that you stand by Steve in the rape accusation. Tell people Steve would never do it,” Pepper added.
to live with you. You won’t hurt me if you stay out of cryo but if you go in…” She didn’t finish. She just squeezed his hand and bit down on her lip, letting him come up with the answer. She paused as his gaze became introverted. She continued, after a short elapse in time, and whispered, “Cryo isn’t your only option, James. I’m also an option…
“My host will not bond. The foolish boy refuses to eat. You created me. Now you will help me or I will devour your son.”
Vision phased his hand into the wall and then ripped out what must have been a huge power line. The lights in the hall went out for a second and then flickered back on. The android commanded, “Let go of him.”
Natasha face was blank for several seconds as she processed his words but then she smirked in amusement. She peered thoughtfully at him for a moment then stated, “Alright, boss. I can do that.”
It was that strength Tony had been relying on to sleep without nightmares, to have faith when fighting the seemingly undefeatable villains, or needed when comforting their broken son…Tony’s entire being had become engrained with Steve’s. Steve’s strength was Tony’s and now Tony, once hailed as Time magazine’s Man of the Year, felt as helpless as a newborn babe. His strength was gone. It was another thing that had died with Steve.
“Stark refers to your father and you are the ‘son’,” Jarvis replied. It tilted its head again. Jarvis never displayed so many ‘human’ inclinations while operating the armor. It was always ‘professional’ and seeing these human mannerisms sickened Tony. If his suit and AI changed this much what else happened??
He expected a multitude of reactions to his suit. It was the epitome of robotics engineering and like nothing the world had seen. He expected awe or, at least, some kind of form of surprise.
Steve lightly touched his shield, still fastened to his belly. He did not want his identity known. He barely knew how to operate in the future. He could not imagine what it’d be like once they knew who he really was and that he’d survived all these years. He knew the first reaction to such a miracle would be to study him. Even when he was small, Steve strived to stay out of hospitals to be poked and prodded, and being bigger didn’t change that.
He then felt it beginning to move up his neck. For a split second, Peter felt fear as anyone would with the knowledge that a foreign object would be covering his mouth and nose, taking away his ability to breathe. But his Spidey-sense did not go off, so Peter relaxed and let Venom completely cover him. He closed his eyes as it covered his face and gave it a few seconds before he opened his eyes.
She opened the door to James’ cell and wasn’t surprised to see him sitting up and waiting for her. His chains were looser so he could sleep more comfortably but that also meant he was more mobile and likely to attack her.
Steve stiffened for just a second but then relaxed. He pinched Tony's chin and made him raise his gaze. When their eyes met, he stated, “I think I’ve been in the closet long enough, don't you?”
His lawyers exchanged fleeting glances then either nodded or verbally agreed in a quick chorus of voices.
than okay,” Wade replied and tucked a loose hair behind Peter's ear. Peter leaned into his touch with a soft smile that melted Wade's heart. He was so tempted to say
“Sweetheart, you’re barely able to function in bed. You won’t be able to get on that plane nonetheless fight Schmidt…”
He stepped aside and Peggy went to Tony’s bedside. She sat on the bed next to him and gently shook his shoulder to wake him. Tony woke but his consciousness was slow to surface. He struggled to focus on Peggy but, once he did, he slurred, “Aunt Peggy?”
Steve pulled him up to his feet and Tony stumbled forward into him. They leaned into each other’s chests for a moment and then exchanged bashful smiles as they separated.
Tony ran his hand down Steve’s chest and then whispered, “I’ll have you know, after you fell asleep last night I placed an order online and paid extraordinarily large fees and other sums of money to have certain items delivered overnight before you woke.”
Bucky glanced at Steve then cautiously explained, “…You know, before I moved in I did not remember who I was.”
Peter hissed to Happy, “You’re drawing attention to me! I’ll be fine Happy! If I need anything I’ll call you! I’ve still got you on speed dial.”
“Tony, this is a little shocking to hear about to say in the least,” Bruce gasped. “And… Nineteen years? All this time?”
They returned to kissing but both pulled at their remaining clothing, desperate to be naked and for their flesh to touch unencumbered.
It was a loaded question filled with so many layers of emotion that Tony felt his chest tighten from the weight of it.
Peter had no idea where he was. He checked for his phone and was dismayed to find it gone and with it his clothes. He was completely nude with the exception of Venom hanging in tatters off his left shoulder and waist like a tar Tarzan pelt.
”They’re your nanobots, Dad,” Peter grumbled. “They usually only listen to you and their main priority is keeping you alive and healthy so this cut is complicating things a little with these first generation bots...”
Peter and Steve separated, both of them rubbing their eyes and smiling. Steve replied, “Peter just agreed to the adoption. We’re officially going to be a family!” Steve cupped the side of Peter’s face and stared lovingly at Peter. Peter preened under the attention and smiled happily up at the man who wanted to adopt him…his Pops.
The Iron Man suit flew into the room and opened up for the older man. Peter recognized it as the more compact model that turned into a suitcase. His Dad’s usual armor was probably too damaged to use from his fight with the Goblin.
He turned back and tucked his head against Steve’s shoulder, feeling as grateful for his super soldier as his past self felt in that moment.
Over the years, Steve had gained some control in the dreamscape. Tony had the most control, but Steve was able to create things as well. He could manipulate his clothes so he no longer wore the uniform he crashed in…but he couldn't manipulate his face.
“Of course, why do you think the Sinister Six hate me so much. I don’t sit around and knit on the weekends,” Peter retorted.
When only their shirts remained, they separated and removed their own clothing. Steve’s eyes were irrevocably drawn to the reactor in Tony’s chest. He touched it with the tips of his fingers, remembering the horror he felt upon seeing a dark chasm in Tony’s chest.
“…It didn't sound like nothing,” Tony murmured, taking a step back to give Steve some space. He had been anticipating and dreading this conversation.
What Eddie said troubled him…he and Bruce seemed to get along. Maybe he could get Bruce to speak with Eddie about the incident and, if need be, look into counseling.
Peter could collectively feel the studio audience and the half a dozen camera’s focus on him and he felt a slight pull of apprehension deep in his gut. He’d done several interviews already, but he didn’t think he’d ever grow used to this endless interest in him…
“It appears you two need some assistance,” Vision murmured. He remained floating above them but Wanda landed on the ground, floating in her pink aura of magic to land gently on the pavement. She pointed her creepy hang loose hands at them and pulled Wade off Peter with her magic.
Steve chuckled and shook his head. He gave no retort to Jarvis because he heard his son whimper from the bedroom.
different than that little exchange. He didn’t get to exchange a handshake but, worse, the Captain was so morose that he could even smile.
He inhaled the cold air in deep, hyperventilating breaths. It was the middle of the night and the cemetery was devoid of any other living beings. Steve was still buried waist deep but he fell forward, still gasping for breath, but unable to hold himself up anymore.
As Steve let himself relax, his pain became more noticeable. He was so distracted by it, he only vaguely understood what Tony just said to him. He lurched forward, forgoing the strength to keep himself upright to staying conscious. He whispered with a light slur, “I love youuuu…”
From the corner of his eye, he saw Bucky remove the syringe from Tony’s neck. He kept the sharp point to the needle hovering ominously over his throat.
“On it,” Tony chipped and a little resentment boiled in his gut at the thought of somebody being hurt in
Wade twirled his gun in his fingers and then tossed it down on the pillow. He then flopped onto Peter’s back, using Peter’s body as his form of modesty. Peter glanced back at him and Wade grinned happily at him. He leaned back into Wade, using him for support like a chairback.
They’d have that again but this time there’d be no edge of fear about being discovered. They could just love and love and love and have no care in the world…Steve couldn’t wait.
Wade’s hand tightened on Peter’s wrist forcing him to cup Wade’s cheek. Wade murmured, “Baby boy, these little scratches or a B-Rating Movie Monster isn’t going to stop me so don’t let it stop you either. I know you’re stronger than that.”
Peter’s eyes instantly heated but he blinked it away until it was nothing. His emotions were everywhere with his father’s declaration. The urge to push him away was still there but the urge to embrace him and forgive was even stronger.
Steve pushed Tony away, shot himself back, and nearly jumped off the couch. Tony lay where Steve had pushed him with a stunned expression on his face.
,” Tony groaned. Upon Tony’s explanation, Steve picked him up, turned them over, and pressed Tony into the sand. He lifted Tony’ legs over his shoulders and Steve’s thrusts increased, making Tony groan loudly again.
“Peter,” was all he needed to say and all three men looked to the bunny and saw him gone. Clint ran down the hall behind Steve to double check the rest of the floor and Sam ran to the others. Bucky looked like he was going to be sick.
“Sir has asked me to inform you that you are to be grounded the rest of your life,” Jarvis stated, this time, using the Iron Man suit as his speakers. Peter groaned again.
Despite seeing it's innards, Tony did not know how the time machine worked. The Red Skull and his key to the future were lost to the wind and the sooner he was found, the sooner he could get home. And the closer he was to Cap, the more likely he'd be able to help take him down.
“Tony says they’re a block away,” Uncle Clint stated, looking up from his phone. He commented, “They must have been on the way home when Jarvis sent them the alert…”
How would Tony justify using him so? He had yet to say anything about the photos taken without Steve’s knowledge. Or was he just going to treat it like a joke and pretend it did not matter?
Steve had hurriedly explained in a long winded summary that he didn’t just come up with this idea. It had taken years for the notion to take root in his mind and bloom into an awareness that he could perceive. Steve had realized none of the dames Bucky was always gawking at, interested Steve. With this revelation, Steve began to look at the young men around him…and liked what he saw...
He knew Mary’s exploding would be quick but his entire being was rejecting the notion of his life coming to an end. He thought of Tony, of Peter, and the rest of his family. His heart constricted painfully in his chest and he wanted to hold all of them at once and never let them go.
His statement made Steve smile and he said, “I hung out with the Red Skull for a bit. I do not recommend it to anyone.”
“But we should discuss this first,” Tony stated. He turned to Pepper and said, “Pep, you’re great at discussing things. We should all discuss this.”
Tony closed his eyes and leaned heavily into Steve’s hand. Anxiety was tightening its hold on his heart and the worry he’d been feeling for his son doubled with this new revelation.
“No,” Bucky bit out the word like it was something corrupt. He repeated to Natasha, “No, I knew you before.”
Tony couldn’t get it up (which was frustrating as hell and he was already envisioning little blue pills in his future) but Steve was hard as a rock. So Tony decided it would be the perfect opportunity to introduce Steve to oral sex.
The road up to the house was completely uphill and had no sidewalk but he ran on the bike lane instead. No one paid particular attention to him so running there must had been okay.
“Perhaps, if an Asgardian truth-seer came and testified to our Captain’s validity and the Tyler woman’s falsehoods…” Thor began with a frown.
Coulson pinched his chin, turned to the nearest agent, and commanded, “Set up a perimeter immediately and find the nearest camp of civilization. Check to see if they got any unexpected visitors or if any of their supplies went missing.”
Tony was shaking a little but it soon died down. He tucked his cold fingers under Steve’s arms and Steve grumbled unintelligibly at the sudden cold.
“Politics aside, this is still not right!” Peter countered. Mac may have been an ass but he was also a scientist and they were using his work without his permission.
Bucky spared Tony a reassuring smile and then clapped Steve’s shoulder as he said, “I’ll explain it. You two probably need a moment…”
Just a few days ago, he crashed his plane and thought his life was over but now…now it was just beginning.
“Thank you, for your advice, Captain. I think I shall invest 100 percent. Now what is Rogers’ policy on making out in the elevator?”
His master slapped him across the face with the gun, hard enough to break bone. Natasha hissed when she heard his cheek bone give. James fell into her and she cradled him protectively.
…The thought made his eyes heat and he buried his face into his arms to smother any tears that might escape. Pops never hid the truth from Peter. He knew neither Pops nor his mom had wanted a child. Yet Pops loved him and reminded Peter almost daily. Pops never made him feel unwanted. But it might be a different story with his mom…
Thor stepped away from his side and looked out of the Bifrost to the expanse of the universe. His gaze was pointed in Midgard’s direction though there was no way he could see it from such a distance. Without looking away, his prince asked, “Is there nothing I can do to help?”
“Hulk brother okay?” Hulk asked, gently nudging Steve’s arms where Peter was tucked away. Hulk was obliviously trying to be gentle but the soft touch bruised Steve’s skin. Steve flinched but was more shocked of Hulk’s concern than his slight injury.
Just when the sun was beginning to set, and their hotel room was illuminated in a golden glow, did Steve begin to stir. Tony watched the transition anxiously. First, Steve’s breathing became uneven and his face twitched at random intervals. Finally, the arms around Tony tightened before those glorious blue eyes lazily blinked open.
It was a redheaded woman with a measured step. Bucky slipped out of their embrace and introduced her by saying, “This is Natasha. She’s been helping me out and works for SHIELD.”
Steve's warmth was pressed into Tony's leg. He was living and Tony may still be angry with him but that did not change how he felt about him.
“When it gets too heavy for you, it’s Subject B’s turn,” Eddie said as he walked around the lab, grabbing various objects he could throw at Peter.
Peter slipped away from him and went straight to Wade and MJ. He wiggled his eyebrows at his best friend and she got the clue to skedaddle. Wade looked at him with a sardonic smile and said, “You know I was about to get into the really juicy part of our sex life.”
Bucky looked back to his friend and hesitated before stating, “Not right now. When – When I’m ready, I’ll come to you.”
Steve lay naked in the middle of a frosted room. He was curled in a ball and his breath came out in shuddering, cloudy puffs.
He wound his arms around her and pressed her tightly into his embrace. He buried his nose in her red hair and inhaled deeply. Her scent always brought forth distant feelings of times long past.
“Steve, put your hands down and, Pep, turn around, we’re decent,” Tony stated and he pushed himself up to sit next to Steve.
Peggy took the passenger seat and Steve jumped in the back, settling Tony down gently in his lap as he sat. Bucky revved the engine as soon as they were settled and they reached the camp in a couple of minutes. Bucky parked them right outside of one of the few tents that were already up, the medical tent.
He’d never had to deal with the press like Peter did. He never cared what they printed and he didn’t have a persona he wanted to keep untarnished. He was Wade Wilson, the infamous Deadpool, the Merc with a Mouth, and the Regenerating Degenerate…
Steve wanted to scream and rage his anger over this injustice…he also wanted to just sob and cry and mourn.  Most importantly, he wanted many more years with the man in his arms. He wanted to love him, to cherish him…to be with him in all the ways they had denied over the years.
“If SHIELD knew, they would be knocking on your door and having you sign your life away on the dotted line within the hour,” Rogers stated. “They are very efficient, especially with their paperwork…” He sighed and said, “I can’t give you any proof that SHIELD does not know. I can only give you my word.”
Natasha lifted a leg and Bucky’s strength began to push her back because of her lost leverage. But with that lifted leg she kicked his shin and Bucky fell down to his knee. He still had a hold on her fist so he drew her down with him.
The Iron Man faceplate snapped up and Steve was able to see Tony’s hurt and bewildered expression. It made Steve angrier. Steve was justifiable in his anger.
“Jarvis clued me in on some of it. You time traveled, Tony,” she gasped, her voice slightly awed. “You met the Commandos…your dad…Captain America! It must had been amazing!”
Steve rubbed the back of his hand across his lips to get the tingling feeling of Tony off him and angled his body away from Tony.
“Right back at you, Brock,” Peter retorted automatically. Eddie nodded and left them with higher shoulders.
Rogers smirked and by the way his eyes danced with amusement, Tony knew he was going to like this man. He held out his hand to Tony and said, “Hi, Tony, I’m Steve.”
Tony smiled at Steve’s words and then carded his fingers into both of Steve’s hands. Steve turned back to him as he did. His warm smile was still in place but his gaze warmed all the more as his eyes came into contact with Tony's.
Tony stared blankly at the mattress while Steve undressed himself. Steve paused when he saw Tony not do the same and then immediately returned to his side.
The Commandos moved at the front of the pack and Panzer’s team was at the rear so he rarely saw them too.
Bucky got off the door and Steve followed suit. Bucky put his hand on the handle and stated, “Let’s go back out there and let you get wooed by your man from the future!”
The Avengers and Guardians were teaming up to go to the surface and destroy a base that had been built by a would-be-invading group of aliens.
Making love was hard to do when Steve had a two-year-old demanding attention but their friends took pity on them and discreetly volunteered to babysit, giving Steve and Tony the chance to grow into their new roles of lovers.
Natasha knelt beside her son and whispered the word in his ear. Tony bent down and did the same for Peter.
Even after that night, Tony continued to drink. It was no longer every night but it was enough to still be an obvious problem.
“Getting acquainted with Natasha,” Steve sighed and Bruce winced. It was hard to deny the assassin but his trust with her was new and he was still getting used to it. And despite the fact that he was a super soldier and outweighed her three times over, she frightened him.
“Did you hear that, Petey? You’re going to be fine, your papa got worked up over nothing. Do you want more food?” He asked. Peter had finished his banana but was still watching his cartoon.
He strolled back into the living room and found the super soldier napping on the couch with his tablet precariously balanced on his chest. Tony smirked at the sight. Cap looked ten years younger as he slept. Tony strolled over and plucked the tablet off his chest before it met a bad fall.
The electricity ran through him again with this connection but he didn’t even notice it as he put all his strength into pulling Peter free. It was hard, it was probably the hardest thing he’d ever done. Slowly but surely, more of Peter appeared: the rest of his arm, a shoulder, part of his torso, and then, his head and the rest of his upper body. Peter yelled as his upper body was freed and grit his teeth as he pulled himself toward Wade. Terrible moans ripped from Peter as red welts formed on his skin from the electrical burns and smoke began to come off his body as if he was being cooked alive.
Steve leaned down and carded his fingers into Tony's hair as he kissed him again, this time more tenderly. Without any fears eating away at him, Tony returned the kiss wholeheartedly.
A blurred figure ran up to him and as soon as he heard it mumble, "Stupid punk." He know it was Buck and he grinned at him.
“Was it a dream?” Peter asked no one in particular. The black mass that had totally covered his body was seemingly gone. Peter peered at his skeletal looking hands and asked, “Or am I still in a dream?”
“Until we figure out who he is, let’s call this guy ‘Enigma’,” Tony said, slowly turning on his chair to face forward again.
Steve sat up and ran his hands over his face, wiping off the sweat and stray tears that managed to escape. He whispered, “…
Wade was good at revenge however because, suddenly, he was everywhere: his mouth, his hands, his body. Anywhere Peter’s attention went, Wade was there, making him feel dizzy. Wade’s kisses were more frenzied and wild. His tongue licked at the seam of Peter’s mouth and, as soon as he opened it, Wade’s tongue was in there.
Steve was all big eyes and quiet as they undressed. They never had been naked in front of each other and Tony felt a little nervous too.
Tony grasped his jaw and made Steve look at him straight in the eye as he stated, “No, Steve I love you and I want to worship the man I love not just with my heart, but with my body as well.”
Someone knocked on their door before either of them had a chance to use any tongue. Tony groaned with frustration as Steve sat up sharply.
Natasha had positioned herself at a vantage point between Stark Tower and the mayor’s podium. Through her rifle’s scope, she watched Stark exit his building and then pointed it at the stage to where the mayor and his people were waiting.
He left the door unlocked so he entered the apartment without any hassle. He closed the door and fell back against it, too shell-shocked to venture any further.
“Hey, Steve,” Tony began. Done, easy. He was a pro so far. He stared at that stoic marble face and felt his resolve crumble a little.
Tony’s eyes went to the clock on the wall and he felt like someone doused him with a bucket filled with cold water. It’d been too long.
Tony smirked at his best friend, a man from another century who had healed him in ways he could have never imagined and he could have never envisioned falling in love with. Tony stated, “I think I’ll keep you forever.”
“Nope. Drink your coffee and throw on your slippers. Peter and Wade are joining us for a late breakfast and then you can help her with your scheming. Right now is family time.”
Tony could tell she was studying him as she tilted her head a fraction. Whatever she observed made her smirk and she nodded down a row of tents, saying, “He’s getting ready to bunk down for the night. You’ll find him down there setting up his tent.”
“Of course, we can!” Rogers said, an amazing smile split the man’s face and he said, “But first, can I get you a fresh cup? Mine has gone cold too.”
“I’m going to make you feel so good that you won’t remember to breathe,” Tony promised. He snapped Steve’s shirt open and groaned, “You did not wear an undershirt. It must be my birthday.”
He’ll keep Peter safe, locked away in his Tower for as long as he could. No one would hurt his son. No reporter, villain, or everyday civilian. They’d have to get through Tony, the Avengers, and the Tower’s defense system first.
Steve blushed furiously and wondered if Tony was being this open on purpose. He always liked to make Steve flustered and it certainly was working now.
“Steve, I am drooling over your friend’s tech. As soon as he takes it off, me and those wings are eloping.”
“Are-Are…Is this really happening? Because I-I will be sorely disappointed if this a dream,” Tony stammered. “I mean w-wow. Hi. Why’d I say hi? Look at you…You look good wet and practically naked – hem – I mean, are you? A-Are you wearing anything – uh – under that clothing—there—the robe…on you?”
Surprisingly, Tony looked to him last and, for the first time, he said, “Dad…” The breath caught in Howard’s throat and Tony continued, “…Don’t…I – just…” He sighed heavily and then stated with finality, “Thank you.”
Steve had told him once, when he first saw Tony, that he had thought he was dreaming about being in an Action Comic and Tony couldn’t help but think about it as he flew into the 80s Action Comic Book themed brawl.
Before Peter could finish what he was saying, Wade launched himself at Peter and embraced him tightly with that one arm. Peter was a little taken aback at first but then a look of understanding washed over his features and he returned the embrace, digging his fingers deeply into Wade’s back and pressing his face into his chest.
Once he knew he and Wade were getting serious, he’d told MJ that he’d started dating again. However, that was all he told her. She was ecstatic and had tried to get more out of him but he teasingly refused to tell her until she visited him.
They had to move out immediately. The Commandos were quick to pack up their gear, but Steve and Bucky were already ready…they had been for a while.
Tony stepped back giving Steve just enough room to stand. If Peter was not awake Steve would have lingered. The knowledge that he was crying hurt to hear and he knew the longer he stayed the longer Peter would be scared.
“…Schmidt doesn’t need the words,” he added with emphasis. She nodded as she remembered how easily James had fallen under Schmidt’s command.
“Steve,” Tony said his name to capture his attention. Steve drew his eyes from their son and they immediately focused on the picture Tony had facing toward him.
Tony sat up excitedly as Steve walked alongside their truck. He hadn't seen the super soldier since they parted that morning. If he were able, he'd lean down and steal a kiss from the man for finding Tony in his hour of need. Instead, he smiled warmly at him and said, “Just bored.”
Wade flinched back, pulling Peter protectively into the conclave of his chest. Wanda, however, threw up her hands and put up a pink shield between their half of the hall and the Hulk. It turned red upon Hulk’s impact and Wanda fell to one knee from the strong hit.
“I’m going to go, Dad,” Peter said with a sad smile. “Pep’s right. I gotta keep living my life. I’ll see you for lunch, ‘kay?”
Tony was also in a private high school and was soon being invited to parties where morals were less observed. Tony described a lot of drinking, dancing, and drugs all of which made Steve frown and discourage such activities. Tony got fed up with it and put up a wall between them some nights. Those nights were the worst…Steve had not been by himself in years. Ever since Tony started to dream, Steve had always been with him. When Tony was awake, Steve was immersed in darkness akin to the sleep he experienced when he was alive. It went by so quickly that Steve didn’t even notice it.
Steve smiled sheepishly and slowly lumbered out. Bucky watched him go until he disappeared and then finally turned his attention to Tony.
He spent his entire life under the watchful eyes of the media and, since he was a child, all they tried to do was find all his dirty little secrets and make his life a living hell. Even when he was saving lives, the media was all about what he did wrong: he did not save a certain building from falling, he did not stop a super villain from taking hostages, he let his science hobbies get in the way with his work with the Avengers, he let his work with the Avengers get in the way of his needed scientific breakthroughs, and on and on and on…
Wade happened to be the biggest Avenger fanboy he’d ever known and he knew he would flip if he missed this.
Tony fell back into the pillows and held out the phone to Steve and stated, “My boyfriend is one sexy beast.”
“…Why did you go against the directive?” The man grunted, pulling Natasha’s knife out of his leg. He dropped the blade on the ground behind him and kept his gun trained on her the entire time.
Wade pooled all the snacks onto the foot of Peter’s bed and plucked a red-orange bag from the pile. “H-Here’s your selection, T-Tony, sir…sir.”
Bucky had heard stories about life or death situations where people had said their entire lives flashed before their eyes or everything seemed to move slower.
Steve’s fingers punctured the seat cushions and he wanted to protest. He needed to find Tony. He had to tell him he was sorry and he loved him too! He also needed to help him! The fool was trying to fight a dangerous terrorists on his own!
Tony grinned at him, his smile filled with gaps from missing baby teeth, but he still managed to gleam with pride.
It was quiet in the tent and Steve entered stealthily. Tony was laying on Howard’s cot with the blankets drawn up just enough to cover where his reactor would be under his shirt. His eyes were closed but his brows were pinched. Steve walked up to him and then silently sat next to him on the cot.
Happy stepped back and Steve stepped out. With heavy shoulders, he walked over to the elevator and he felt Happy watch him as he crossed the room. He stepped inside the lift without turning around so he would not have to see the older man’s melancholy expression. The metal doors sealed behind him with a light click and, without raising his head, Steve asked, “Is he still there, Jarvis?”
Steve opened his eyes and he was so shocked by the fact that he actually opened his physical eyes that he just stared blankly at the ceiling for several long moments.
Steve smothered a nervous chuckle, Tony was never one to beat around the bush. Steve bent his head and kissed the shorter man. His hot mouth greedily pressed into Steve’s and Steve relaxed into his hold.
Pops looked to Dad one last time then stepped to Peter with open arms. Pops smiled sadly and said, “Whatever you want, son.”
“Gabe will know what’s wrong,” Steve stated to assure himself more than Tony. Tony did not reply. His feet dragged in the loose ground, leaving behind twin parallel lines through most of the remains of the battlefield.
“I have everything I need right here,” Steve said and hugged Tony a little tighter to emphasize it. Tony squeezed back agreeing with the sediment.
“Nightmare,” Tony whispered under his breath before Bruce could ask. Bruce’s eyes widened as he noticed the cracks on the wall behind Tony.
“We need to see what’s waiting for us inside to see what they have. We have no idea what their motive is. For all we know, as soon as we open those doors, they’ll open fire,” Steve said.
Steve spent most of the flight to Germany staring blankly out of the window of the quinjet. Natasha sat up front with the pilot and they lightly talked about their heading.
mission together,” Steve replied dryly but he clapped Tony’s hand all the same so he would put it down.
“Me neither,” Tony sighed. Tony rubbed his nose into Steve’s and smiled sadly at him. Steve pressed up and stole a quick kiss to share in the comfort.
Tony withdrew the tiny device from his suit’s pocket. It was so small could have been hidden in the palm of his hand. It had a button that, when pressed, a needle would shoot out and quickly draw the needed blood. Tony handed it to Mary and she peered down at the device. It was similar to what most diabetics used to read their sugar levels except the one Tony created would check to see if the woman before them was a relation to Peter.
“I know! I just…I just have to be careful! I cannot mess this up or he’s dead! This thing is extremely fragile! It could shatter under too much heat but if I do not use enough heat then the I won’t be able to seal the crack!”
He double checked the time but it was true. He gasped, “I can't believe I just spent the last few hours sitting in one place just talking.” He turned to Wade and gasped, “And
Bucky fully turned to Tony, gripping the skewer tightly, and stated, “Everyone else on the team knows it in case one of our enemies gets a hold of my trigger words. Our children should know the safe word for the same reason. The last thing I want to do is hurt them. I’ll take that over Peter using it on me for a little joke.”
The closer he got to the explosion, the more crowded the halls became. People were screaming and fire alarms were blaring, making it hard to hear anything. He knew he was close when he smelt the smoke and he quickened his pace.
“Okay, there might be something bothering me,” Tony stated. The “I knew it” look came across Bruce’s face and Tony was tempted to make a jibe at Bruce but made an annoyed face instead. He explained, “There’s something about me you don’t know and it’s pretty bad.”
Pepper returned in the meantime with a plateful of toast, some bananas, and a few water bottles. She sat everything down next to them and then sat on the other side of the table. She didn’t take her eyes off of Bucky and watched him like he was about to go crazy on them at any moment.
He ran without looking back but he could feel Tony’s eyes gouging into his back the entire time until he rounded the corner.
Pepper’s head snapped back and she shot back, “Says the super soldier born in 1917 who doesn’t look a day over forty.”
Steve gulped, his throat tight with emotion. What did Bucky do to him indeed? His best friend and first love, what was he to Steve? Bucky deserved an answer. They had danced around this long enough.
“The Venom sample was what made this possible,” Eddie retorted with a shrug and sat down next to Peter. Eddie reached out and lightly touched the beaker. Peter clenched his fist, batting away the urge to move the shield closer to his person. “Venom also sounds cooler than the 'Biological Protoplasm, Host Deoxyribonucleic Infused Acid Shield.'”
He could barely feel Steve’s warmth against his back or the weight of his arms embracing him. Yet his scent, like fresh cotton, was all that kept him from tipping over the edge and go searching for a scotch. And
, but his eyes were Venom’s eyes and his hands were Venom’s hands. Everything Venom felt, saw, smelt, tasted, and heard, Peter did as well. They shared everything with the exception of control…Venom was the only one in possession with that.
“Just making sure you didn’t lose anything in the plane crash. Oh, by the way, how did you survive that?? And how come you look exactly like I remember you??”
When he woke again he was in the arguably most comfortable hospital bed on the planet…and he felt better. Much better. He sat up and a figure leapt to its feet beside him.
Tony blinked in surprise and crossed his arms over his chest. He mumbled, “I’m not sure. What time is it?”
The Avengers helped with the roundup and then the cleanup until Coulson ordered them to return to the Tower to get some sleep. They would be needed again when more clues were found in the daylight.
They exchanged banter the rest of the night and Steve noted Tony was smiling wider and more warmly than before. He accounted it with his inadvertent confession. He’d never revealed his true feelings to Tony before, fearing his reaction. But, now, he was glad he did it.
The notes revealed only the final design to the shield but nothing on how his father attained such valuable metal and
The holo of Bucky Barnes stepped into the projection with a familiar, smooth gait and was wearing the same cocky smile Tony had grown used to in the weeks he’d gotten to know the man.
The affection drew Steve’s gaze up and he looked up at Tony with big, wet, sad eyes. It broke his heart. He didn’t want to see Steve like this. He wanted to see the man who stumbled into his life with a big smile on his face and wonder in his eyes.
Peter stood a few feet away from him, fighting a black mass from totally covering his body. The Chameleon, still in Mary’s guise, and Dr. Calvin stood off to the side and impassively watched.
It was as shocking and painful as a slap to the face, only it was his heart that was hit and the prickly tingling sensation that was left behind, remained in his chest and did not go away even when Tony dropped his hand and left him behind in the lobby without a single backwards glance.
Logan held up his phone and stated, “I just got a special invite for a special event and I can bring a plus one.”
Peter stared miserably at his hands for a moment and then went into his bathroom and took the shower he threatened to take.
“And how does that involve us? Why did Jarvis call us down?” The archer replied with just as much sass.
Steve called Tony without a second thought. He heard the phone click as the call transferred and, before Tony could get a word in, Steve rushed in and said, “Look, I know I am your least favorite person right now but we are a part of a team. I cannot lead without you at my side and we need to put aside our differences and work together to stop this Mandarin character.”
By the time they returned to their safe house, Steve didn’t feel hungry anymore…instead his heart yearned for the man who had yet to know him in this era.
“For everything,” Steve retorted, smiling happily at Tony and carding his fingers into his significant other’s hands.
“Right back ya, babe,” Tony flirted. Tony pulled him into another kiss. He was still sitting on the stool so he wrapped his legs around Steve’s hips, and thrust his hips into Steve’s. Steve hummed in approval, picked the mechanic up, lifted him onto the counter, and kicked the stool aside. Their kisses became more wild and their hands more bold. Steve knew where it would lead and his cock began to harden at the prospect.
“Are you alright with the idea of ‘dating’ me?” Tony asked self-consciously. “We don’t have to…I mean, you can date Sharon if you want and it will probably work out just as fine. You know what, forget I said anything. This insane idea never happened, it’s co—.”
Wade chuckled and murmured, “It’s getting late, we can go to bed, screw around, and then fall asleep cuddling in our filth.”
“Great to hear!” Peter's eyes lingered on Wade and MJ and his dad observed, “It looks like they're getting along.”
James froze and all that he was emptied out of his mind and was trapped behind a dark curtain as the machine that was the Winter Soldier stepped into him.
Steve moaned in frustration and his dream girl lost her feminine figure and morphed into Tony. The man retained the woman’s dark hair, mouth, and hazel eyes…but his face wore the same shocked expression he wore after they kissed.
Tony was so excited that he had to bite down on his lip to keep himself from saying something about it to Panzer.
, my sperm and impregnated Mary with it.” He blushed slightly saying sperm. He hated having to saying it aloud, especially to a lady. It was downright embarrassing.
Steve teased him as Tony took his time with the settings. It was all in good fun and Tony snickered along with him. Tony could perceive the excitement in Steve's voice and it made him happy to hear. Tony knew Steve was just as thrilled as Tony was about finally getting the reactor running.
Tony got to his feet, easily slipping from Bucky's hold and stated, “I…I think I’m going to hit the sack early.” Steve was staring up at him with stark fear and it made Tony's insides twist. He turned away from them and to the team said, “G’ Night, Commandos!”
In a few days, they would return to the Tower and continue to make love and simply love each other. When Tony first started SI Online, it was out of his impatience to meet his soulmate but, now that he had him, he couldn’t wait to live out the rest of their lives. He wanted everything with Steve and he gave him that and
They embraced in a sudden hug that connected their mouths in a deep kiss that only broke when Steve gasped into his mouth, “God, I love you so much.”
. He was already planning on smothering him with attention and food and doctors and so much more attention that Steve would probably get annoyed but Tony didn’t care.
Tony stared at Steve suspiciously and then asked, “Are you getting a gift for Peter involving the shield?”
He sat up and looked to the sound of the light whispers and spotted two men sitting by the front of the tent. They were next to a desk with several glowing monitors and Steve’s eyes were drawn to the amazing sight. Those monitors were so-so colorful and defined! They could not possibly be real!
They were running to the church van before the man could get out another word and this time Father Michael jumped into the driver’s seat. The van’s engine roared loudly and continued to hum with it’s age as they drove out of there.
Ten minutes later, Tony and Bruce were in Tony’s workshop with several holograms open and Tony sitting in front of them with Bruce hovering behind him. Tony was typing madly and Bruce uneasily stated, “I don’t think this is such a good idea anymore.”
Tony’s leg came up between Steve’s legs and he pressed it onto Steve’s crotch. Steve flushed at the sudden attention and his mind ran wild at the obvious implication. Tony wanted Steve and he was obviously speaking in the biblical sense. Tony was also flushing but he licked his lips and his hands found their way under Steve’s shirt. He ran his hands along the ridges of Steve’s abs. It was slightly ticklish, but he barely noticed it under the overwhelming arousal that blossomed in his gut from the caress of those warm fingers.
After the events of the last month, Steve had requested a small affair with only family invited. His idea of a small affair was just a cake, Tony’s idea of a small affair however was a little more extreme.
Peter returned the kiss for a few seconds, but grabbed his things and then slipped out of Wade’s hold. Wade flapped his arms around to regain his balance as he lost his center of gravity from Peter’s sudden absence.  He looked down the wall to where Peter was sticking to it, cocking his head to the side in confusion.
It was a crush and Steve never had one before and may never attain another. He was not going to throw it away, he was going to cherish this…
, there’s got to be more to that moment you first kissed her. Just like with me and Steve. What were you thinking? Do you remember? What if you told her? I mean –
One shot and he’d be dead. He probably wouldn’t even dodge it. Her heart was beating faster as he continued to stare at her with those dark blue eyes.
“So…?” Howard said expectantly. When Tony simply rose an eyebrow in response, Howard pressed, “If we are going to ignore the white elephant in the room then let’s focus on the pink canary.” Howard pointed at his chest and asked, “What’s it made of?? What does it do??”
to his father, especially on the topic of their relationship. It was still fragile and Peter knew how much Tony treasured it…
“No, Sir,” Jarvis replied. “I would never call my creator an idiot, no matter the varying levels of foolhardy he displays.” Tony rolled his eyes. Tony made his AI was too witty and sassy for his own good. Jarvis continued, “Sir, Master Rogers has returned.”
Venom did not hear his words. All he could hear was his own voice in his mind chanting a single word:
Bucky heeded his words and sprinted over to Peter. He picked up the boy from behind around the waist and Peter’s eyes widened with surprise. His shock gave way in seconds and he kicked wildly at the air and demanded, “LET ME GO! LET ME HELP HIM!”
Steve wanted to so badly lie to Tony. He’d never done so before but…but this was a truth that he’d been hiding for so long…too long.
Natasha grasped Bucky’s arm and assured them, “We are just investigating right now. If it turns out to dangerous then we’ll enlist the Avengers’ help…We don’t want to worry people. James and I can handle it. Now, what is this about Peter and Wade?”
“Hm?” Wade murmured not really understanding but, at the same time, becoming distracted by the way Peter's thigh muscles flexed under Wade's teeth. Wade followed the tendons down to Peter’s crotch. Peter’s hands on him tightened as Wade’s mouth went lower.
“I don’t know what happened but don’t give up on him just yet. I’ve seen the way he looks at you. He loves you! He wouldn’t have fallen out of love so easily. Promise me you’ll talk to him,” Pepper implored.
Tony felt partially responsible for what happened to Buck and the guilt was starting to fester. He needed to find him and free him from Hydra
He spun on his heels and stomped back into the building. His friends looked concerned, but Tony ignored it in favor and stating, “J, contact Coulson. Tell him I
The stranger saw them and then cheerfully waved, “Hey guys! Woah! Wow. You two are super hot! I mean you’re already hot but right now you are smokin! Where are your clothes? Did I just interrupt some sexy times?”
Tony snapped his arms up sharply and wound his arms tightly behind Steve’s neck, deepening their kiss. Steve’s response was to wrap his arms tightly around Tony so they were meshed as closely as they could possibly be.
The shield had once been the only known source of the metal in the Western Hemisphere. The Wakandans kept the pure metal locked behind the borders of their country. The only other known source outside of the protective country was the shield his father had constructed for Captain America.
“Young love,” Clint sighed overdramatically from the counter as he caught sight of Tony’s grabby hands.
Steve woke with a strangled gasp. Hyperventilating, he strangled the sweat soaked sheets and stared straight up into the darkness as he caught his breath. His heart was beating so fast it bordered on painful but he did not notice his physical pains…the emotional onslaught from his nightmare was too strong to ignore.
Tony continued to grin cheekily until Steve finally kissed him. Instead of continuing to tease him, Tony’s demeanor completely changed and he moaned sinfully into Steve’s lips.
Wade slumped a little and put his hand over Peter’s. Rubbing his thumb lightly over Peter’s knuckles, he began his tale of Department X.
He still hadn’t found an answer and it was beginning to infuriate him. He was becoming irritable with everyone, even Tony, the very one he was trying to save.
“Not particularly,” Tony replied crisply. He grasped Steve’s wrists, locking his hands in place so he could not pull away from him any further. Steve did not resist him and his fingers curled into Tony’s hair.
Steve fell on top of Tony but, upon Tony’s muffled grumbles, he chuckled and slipped off him. Tony faced Steve and Steve scooted so he could more easily wrap his arm over Tony’s side.
Pepper and Rhodey silently bickered how to put the projector together as Tony stared down at the model. His feelings for his father were a confused mess as he regarded the model. His father had done this for Tony, half of his notebook was dedicated to Tony.
Steve shooed them all away from the grill so he could finish up there. Peter pulled Wade over to the table and sat him down playfully murmuring, “Behave.”
Steve dropped into Tony’s hold and, with his lips only a breath away from Tony’s, he whispered, “I love you,” and kissed him deeply. Tony wound his arms around Steve’s head and neck and returned the kiss.
Tony sighed heavily in reply, and Steve nodded slightly to Bucky. He pulled back from Tony even though his heart was crying to return to his side and comfort him however he could.
Steve faltered for only a second then shook his head and nearly ran back to the mansion. In the matter of seconds, all that was left of him were his wet footprints running away from Tony.
Schmidt laughed at him and said, “It’s true isn’t it? I bet the only thing that keeps you going is that implant on your arm. Every day you look at it and are reassured by the fact that its blank and your mate is still alive.”
“Well, I am the Earth’s first-time traveler, so I guess that amounts to something,” Tony haughtily stated.
Cable wasted no time in readjusting the dials on his glove. Steve wound his arm around Tony and said, “Goodbye, Cable…I really hope the next time we meet won’t be because of a paradox again.”
They broke apart, gasping for breath, and Tony begged in a private whisper, “Don’t you dare leave me too. I don’t think my heart can handle losing you again.”
Steve nodded, it had been in the files SHIELD provided. He sullenly took a drink of his beer, wishing he could feel even a little bit tipsy.
He entered the kitchen expecting no one else to be in there so he jolted to a stop when he saw the figure hunched over the oven. The stranger straightened with a snap and Howard could barely make him out in the darkness of his kitchen, but he could tell the man had half of his face covered. He clearly wasn’t there with good intentions in mind.
“Alright, keep me posted,” Tony said and finally threw the blueberry into his mouth. He chewed on it and then added, “And if SHIELD catches you watching let me know immediately. I don’t want to take any chances on missing out on this! Aliens, J!
“And I viewed your man with my scope so he’s nowhere near me,” she said with a small smile. She placed the last pieces of her rifle away and zipped up her bag. She threw it over her shoulder and stated, “It’s up to two months.”
That breath froze when he saw Natasha. Steve halted and fisted his hands. Nat was his friend but she was also SHIELD.
He did as the officer suggested and jogged to the North end of the park. From there, he followed his nose and found one of the churches the officer spoke of. They gave him warm oatmeal, toast, an orange, and coffee. His stomach gurgled with relief. With his metabolism, it was hardly enough to tide him over but the act of eating alone was amazing.
Barnes stepped out of his cell slowly but, even with his left arm still disabled, he moved with a step as sure as a panther in its prime. His eyes flickered over all of them but settled on Natasha. Tony’s hackles rose when he saw that. Was all of this just to be given a chance to attack her again? The others noticed too and the room grew tense.
“Upon my creation, I would have said it was ridiculous,” Mary replied evenly and Steve opened his eyes to meet her gaze. Her face held no emotion but her gaze revealed a desolate continence.
Tony slid both his hands behind his neck and pulled Steve down for a quick kiss. Against his lips, Tony whispered, “I love you.”
He glanced over his shoulder at Steve. His blond hair was deliciously mussed and his perfect, kissable lips were slightly parted as he breathed softly. Tony turned in Steve’s arms and gently pressed his face against his. Tony’s body ached all over from keeping up in his sexual escapades with a super soldier but it was a good ache. He stretched a few muscles, loving the burn. He could get used to this.
Howard gave him a pinched look, like he thought Tony was somewhat addled, and then transferred that look to Steve and asked, “Please don’t tell me you’re adding another ragtag soldier to your team…”
Peter nodded and could not help but feel a pang of guilt in reference to Uncle Tony – to his “dad.” So much time had passed since he had adopted Peter and he had been calling him “Uncle” since then. As he made his way to the elevator, he thought of the role Uncle Tony had played in his life and how much it mirrored that of his pops.
Steve looked around them for the first time since waking. They were in some kind of storage facility and the boxes in this area looked extremely dusty…like they hadn’t been touched in years. One of the boxes Cable had laid him on had opened, spilling out its contents. It was where the notebook had come from along with decades old plans for a Stark Expo.  He turned back to Cable and gasped, “I think we were always supposed to come here…to the future. How else would Tony have found this notebook? We must leave it somewhere for him to find and then…” His voice broke a little as he stated, “A-And then he finds me.”
“I’ll look into options for you,” Gabe promised. “Right now, though, I think the Penicillin is your best bet…”
It had been late by the time he and Steve settled down for bed. Tony continued to persistently keep close to Steve’s side. Steve kept rolling his eyes but he did not push Tony away.
The American camp had only two security cameras. One at the hospital where the medications were kept under lock and key and the other was overlooking the docks to watch the comings and goings of the port.
He felt a sudden shift on the couch and he lifted his head to see Tony sitting next to him with an amused grin on him face.
“Papa!” Peter cried and reached out to him as soon as he saw him. Peter was utterly terrified and his face was red, scrunched, and soaked with tears. It infuriated Steve to see his son in such a state.
“Yes, that is possible,” the medical examiner replied, the tone of his voice, however, showed how much he believed it.
was large but being isolated in a tight camp helped the rumor mill spread the information quickly. Wherever Steve went, he heard the rumor being whispered and Sneaky's story evolving into something even bigger than what the robot had described.
“Is that a good thing?” Steve asked. Steve always thought the ads looked a little fake. Tony grasped his hand and steered him into the elevator. Steve’s fingers twitched in his hold. He did not know if he should leave his appendages lax or curl them around Tony’s grip.
“Are you going to let me go?” Steve asked, feeling lighter than he ever had. Tony was alive, he no longer had to hide, and SHIELD could not keep him much longer now that the world knew he was here.
Tony grinned, the first one that seemed genuine since the first videos of Steve and Bucky’s kiss were broadcast on the networks, and it warmed Steve’s heart.
His frown didn’t go away as he signed off on the last of the paperwork. Pepper wordlessly took it from him and, after a slight hesitation, squeezed his arm. She whispered, “In a few years, we can let the truth slip but, right now, we need to do this for the company, the Avengers, and, most importantly, for you, Tony, and Steve. You don’t need any more
Peter were hurt. They were the most important people in his life and Steve hadn’t been able to help them because he was stuck in bed. It was his worst fears coming to life. He was anxious to have them back in the Tower and in close proximity where he could keep a better eye on them…and where SHIELD was amassing their forces, including their staff of medical professionals trained to specifically help the Avengers.
He heard Tony step out as his loafer clicked on the concrete floor. Steve turned to see Tony doing the buttons on the end of his blazer. He had totally transformed from a greased up mechanic to the handsome billionaire the magazines made him out to be.
Tony sighed. That wasn’t going to happen. They would put on the charade and save Steve’s reputation. After all, what were best friends for?
!! You wouldn’t believe how many times he’s taken Cable’s time glove! Look, you guys just – just stop looking at those pictures and – and sit here!” He motioned to the nearest couch and continued, “I’ll get Wade and make him take you back and you guys will need to go about your lives like this never happened!”
He’d gotten Pepper and injected her with Extremis…he tried to go after Peter too but his fiancé was able to stop the super soldiers sent after him, at a great price.
Peter hadn’t been to the other fairs as his life as Spider-Man had gotten in the way, but this year was different. There was no way he was going to miss his dad and Steve tie the knot like this!
“Is Jarvis going to be okay?” Peter asked Steve. Between Peter’s fingers, Steve saw the dog-tag he had given his son being twirled nervously. Peter no longer wore it around his wrist like he did when he was a toddler but had it on a chain, like Steve’s, around his neck.
Peter laughed but drew Wade into his arms and they were kissing again. Peter walked backwards, directing Wade in the direction of his bedroom. Wade was so distracted by Peter’s eager mouth and roving hands that he couldn’t keep track where they were going. Next thing he knew, Peter was unbuckling Wade’s belt and kicking the door behind them closed. Peter dropped the belt with a loud and heavy thunk and he observed, “That thing is heavy.”
She sighed and sat down across the desk from him. She said, “SHIELD is the reason I’m here actually.”
He only puzzled over the light for a few seconds because, in those few seconds, he was able to realize the warm body next to him was not Peter’s small form.
Tony face fell when he realized Steve was not going to say anything to prove him wrong. Seeing Tony like that totally broke Steve. He got off his bike, dropped his helmet, and grabbed Tony just as he was stepping away.
It wasn’t strong, but it was there. Tony sighed in relief. He didn’t need another brave man’s death on his conscious.
No more than a minute could have passed before Steve’s eyes automatically scanned for his son and he did not find him. The spot he left him in only had the quilt and his toys.
Peter’s lower lip was jutted out and he was not looking at Steve. Steve sighed and then made the decision to tell his son something he thought he would be telling him when he was much older. He stated, “Uncle Bucky almost killed me and Aunt Tasha once.” Peter tensed in his hands and stared wide-eyed at Steve. Steve continued, “He was under the control of the trigger words and, back then, we didn’t know he had a safe word. He got as far as pointing the gun at both of us before he broke free. We were lucky, but next time we or you or Stepan might not be so lucky…That is why we told you two the safe word. I nor Uncle Bucky ever want you to have to look down the barrel of his gun.”
It was Skynet themed again about not being able to trust humanity with its own freedom, blah, blah. Same old story except this time his boyfriend’s ex-ultimate enemy was behind it.
“Yeah, but I didn’t realize it would involve breaking into the government’s strongest defense organization’s database!”
!” Wade yelled. He must have followed him out of the window. More people yelled out in fear as the mercenary cut through them to get to Peter.
Steve excused himself from the conversation and went to the kitchen, where the others had gathered, to see if Peter was there.
“He is actively seeing a man right now,” Steve continued. “I was a little worried by ‘who’ it was but Peter assured me, he makes him happy.”
His hands slid down his stomach, following the line of muscles until he reached the waistband of his pants. He wore scrubs from the hospital, his uniform had been taken away for repair. The loose pants did nothing to hide his growing erection and were easy to slide off. He dropped the scrubs once he got it past his hard length and kicked it away.
He moved slowly and his feet dragged as he left his room. He was still trying to catch his breath and his thoughts were trying to race through his murky oxygen deprived mind to find a solution.
Tony had expected for Steve to readily agree, especially by the way the man had been smiling at him ever since he saw Tony. He was interested in Tony. He also wanted this so it should have been easy…
“I know, believe me I know,” Steve retorted. Since Bucky first reappeared, he felt like every moment of every day was spent thinking about this. He looked down at his lap and stated with finality, “I choose him, Bucky…I’m sorry. I do love you but it’s Tony. Yell at me. Punch me if it makes you feel better. Hate me even… But I need Tony and he completes me. I…I’m sorry, Buck…”
The prickling at the base of his spine had evolved into a stabbing fear that cut its way into his gut. With a racing heart, he ran back into the main room and quickly scanned the room, hoping Peter had crawled under the coffee table or had been hidden by some balloons but his son was nowhere to be seen.
“Are you getting hard already?” Tony gasped suddenly when he felt Steve’s dick rising again. He pushed himself up to his elbows, freeing the light from his arc reactor and looked down to confirm.
As soon as they were alone, Uncle Tony embraced them both and grasped both their heads so he could touch his forehead to both of theirs.
The rest of the team was on their way, each member would be arriving separately from their various locations and Tony, in his speed suit with supersonic thrusters, was going to be the first to arrive.
“SOLO! Put that girl down!” Steve hissed and skidded to a stop. One of the girl’s friends grabbed at Solo’s arm and he pushed the other girl away. He pulled a knife out of his pocket and swung it around wildly. Everyone backed away from him but Steve, who stepped forward and tried to placate him. “Solo,
right I got out of bed!” Steve angrily retorted, “If you won’t go to the hospital then I will go to Queens and drag you there myself!”
“Beloved, I am really annoyed that you gave that last second declaration that totally one-uped my heroic sacrifice
“Eat, Capsicle, and return to the story!” Tony leaned forward from across the counter and waited for him to continue with an air of anticipation.
Steve bit down on his lip and kept his head tipped down so he could avoid looking at the man who was making him doubt everything he once knew.
Tony spun around and Steve kept his hand on him, resting intimately on his waist. Tony stared at Steve with his mouth agape in shock.
Next Time, Ch. 13: Sticks and Stones may Break my Bones but the Look in Your Eyes will Forever Haunt me
It certainly explained Captain Roger’s reaction…The man must have thought Fury killed him when he shot Stark with the EMP and his “loss” destroyed Captain Rogers. From the historical reports, it looked like he and Agent Carter were a couple. Could they be wrong? Or, perhaps, Carter was just his beard?
“Peter…” Tony stated, “I...I'm sorry for last night and how I treated both you and Wade. It was wrong of me and…you were right. You gave me so much. I need to meet you halfway and return the favor. So, please…come back home. I'm sorry…”
A few tears dropped from his eyes and Steve forgot how to breathe again but he smiled at his husband, never before feeling so grateful as he did in that moment.
As if the Lord had been listening, his question was answered when he heard Peter begin to cry on the very balcony Thor had landed on.
“We’re almost done, beloved,” Tony whispered, returning the embrace with all of his strength. Steve rubbed his face into Tony’s shoulder to rid himself of any spare tears and then pulled out of the embrace just enough to look down at Tony.
“Like you, I thought the same thing but you know what?” Bruce asked, still whispering and leaning so close that he was on the edge of his seat. Peter raised his head slightly and kept his wet eyes locked on Bruce.
Tony burst into the room and, after Iron Man’s steely gaze swept the room and did not see their son, he demanded, “
“Yeah…Nice to meet you too,” Sam said and by the sound of his voice, Tony knew Sam noticed his change in tone.
Steve sighed heavily, trying to clear his head but he didn’t calm down until he touched his arm, he could just barely feel his soul implant beneath his uniform. Steve drew back the thick sleeve and peered at his timer.
Steve leaned into Bucky as he led him into the kitchen. Bucky was berating him, but Steve couldn’t stop smiling. He thought he was never going to have this again…to have Bucky again – to have him lecturing again. Bucky sat him on a stool and started to clean off his feet and stared down at the top of his head. This was really Bucky. Steve’s breath hitched and a few tears slipped past his eyes.
Beneath his repulsors, Venom began to wither and shrink. Tony kept telling himself he was saving Steve’s life. He dared not think of Peter but it lurked in the back of his mind like a hawk, ready to swoop in at any moment with its sharp, deadly talons.
This metal fingers brushed over the curve of Steve’s ass and Steve shivered. His flush grew and he glared at his boyfriend. Steve never cursed, not even in stressful situations. But when he and Tony made love, his boyfriend knew exactly how to make him come undone and some curse words were prone to escape him during the more heated moments.
There was a click over the line and silence. After a long pause, Tony gasped, “…Did he just hang up on me??”
His eyes spanned over the other pictures. There were a lot of the Avengers, the teammates they had yet to meet. There was one official looking team photo, but most were relaxed. They were all clearly friends. Bucky and Natasha were mixed in there and…Peter.
Tony kept petting his hair and was muttering something darkly about Vaseline. With a small grin, Steve half listened. One ear took in the soothing tone of his voice and the other the steady beat of his heart and quiet hum of the reactor.
“Yes,” Steve whispered. His hand hovered over Bucky’s mouth and he monitored Bucky’s breathing. Once he was sure the drug wasn’t going to have any adverse effects, Steve stood and faced Schmidt with clenched hands.
Tony looked down as he considered her words. Pepper always said she knew him better than himself. Could it really be so easy or possible even? With his heart racing, Tony finally admitted, his voice sounding tiny, “I…I don’t want to be hurt again.”
Tony chuckled and turned around in Steve’s arms to pressed his erection into Steve’s again. Steve bit down on his lip and Tony asked, “How do you like it?”
. His Spidey-Sense had never reacted so powerfully before, not even with the Lizard or Electro. Rogers must have been crazy strong.
Venom wildly hit Mary as she approached him but she used her manufactured strength to surge through the tide of tendrils and sat by Steve’s side. She reached out and grasped his hand and he held it tightly.
“…You probably heard…after my time in the Vault, I was recruited by the FBI. I use my abilities to help them in their investigations and the kidnapping of Peter Parker just became their top case,” Eddie replied. “And… Venom is still able to sense you so...I just followed the pull…”
As Steve gradually sat himself up he saw Bucky’s head fall forward. Seeing his old friend in such a defeated pose made Steve want to take it all back. He wanted to jump from the bed and take Bucky in his arms. He wanted to tell him that he loved him too. He wanted to kiss him, draw him back to the bed and his fantasy world, and make love to him like he always wanted.
Cable nodded and adjusted his hold on the Captain and stepped through the SHIELD agents, who parted for him like the tide.
His aunt crossed the room and hugged him tightly. Peter returned the embrace and may have held her a little tighter than usual. She gave no complaint if he used too much strength and lightly kissed his forehead before leaving the room.
Peter slipped away to the intern labs in their off hours, unable to stay away from their experiment. He had texted Eddie and his friend was going to meet him there in another 30 minutes, but, for the time being, he was alone with their bio-shield in their new personal lab. He spent a few minutes appreciating the new layout with more advanced equipment and a staging area to experiment with the shield. The shield itself was tucked away in the main freezer, waiting to be used again.
The intruder went to run out of the garage exit, but Tony blasted himself between him and the exit. Tony said, “Whoa! Wait up! You’re not leaving that easily!”
Howard paused at the door of the tent as Tony settled down into the bed. Tony looked at him questionably and Howard said, “Rest well…son.”
With his entire left side aflame, he was thrown back similarly as Tony from the force of the snap. He made impact with a concrete slab and his head bounced off the hard rock.
She walked up to them, keeping the counter between them, and her back to Bucky. She said, “Good morning, Steve.” She looked to Tony and growled, “Stark.”
“…All my life,” Steve replied with the truth and it surprisingly came out easier than he thought. After so many years of keeping it locked up, it left him as easily and as quickly as blinking. He flushed as soon as the words left his mouth but he kept his expression neutral.
“I sent him to one of my safe houses, one SHIELD doesn’t know about,” Natasha replied. “But we aren’t secure here, Steve’s apartment isn’t, and the Tower is probably crawling with SHIELD agents right now. You two are fugitives wanted for questioning about Fury’s death. It’s all over the news and the only reason Tony didn’t get noticed was because of me.”
“Please don't. Or you'll garner more support for Ms. Tyler,” Steve sighed, his face buried in his hands.
“Correct, you may proceed,” Tony said, waving the boys to the elevator. Peter and Harry went racing past them. Tony whispered, “Jarvis, I want you to scan Harry. Makes sure Norman did not slip any bugs on him.”
“I have Jarvis hacking into all the cameras in a ten block radius, looking for any sign of known criminals or someone with a weapon. We’re going to get this guy!” Tony informed the others.
Peter promised to return with a change of clothes and Wade followed him like a second shadow, happy to just be in his presence.
“Whoa whoa whoa, Ultra-Tampons, chill,” Wade said, coolly stepping between Peter and Ultron. “Me and my baby boy are madly in love and need to have contact every five hours or one of us will throw a tantrum. Probably me…and you’ve had him for over ten hours. I am going to start stomping my feet soon!”
“Oh God, please, no,” Steve smothered another chuckle. His erection had gone down but Steve was so enraptured by Tony he didn’t even notice. This easy communication between them was one of the reasons why Steve liked Tony so much. No matter the topic, if they were talking or even fighting, they flowed easily.
Tony spun on his stool and was grinning madly like a fool because he knew what Steve was thinking. He parted his legs so Steve could more easily slide into his arms. Tony released his hand to run both of his hands over Steve’s hips and tugged at Steve’s shirt, untucking it from his slacks. He slid his hands underneath his shirt as Steve carded his fingers through Tony’s hair and drew him into a kiss.
Tony dropped the tools in his hands and ruined all the work he had done for the last hour as they broke the sensitive chips. He didn’t notice. He could barely breathe.
“Well…That’s good,” Tony stated, with a nod. He was alive; there was one less thing Tony had to worry about. He asked, “What about his grades?”
Bucky took him to his room first and, after showing him the room and balcony, he made Steve change into his spare clothes so he could burn the cheesy shirt Steve was wearing. Steve was happy to oblige and changed into more neutral clothing.
“No, you go and I’ll find him some food,” Steve replied, holding the baby closer to his chest. He needed a moment alone with Peter to be sure he was the one he remembered and, if he really was, Steve needed to call Tony. But he couldn’t do that with Sam around without drawing suspicion.
The day before they were predicted to reach the coast, they stopped for lunch, and the other soldiers migrated into small bundles of friends, while Tony isolated himself with a repair job on a tricky engine. He couldn’t help but wonder aloud, “How much longer can I do this?”
Father Michael grabbed the pot and poured them each a cup and then sat down at the table with Steve. He gave Steve the mug and then pressed, “Eat.”
Peter sighed in relief and tentatively grasped his arm and him press his hand against a triangular panel on the wall next to Steve’s lockers.
Tony’s eyes snapped open. In seconds, the painful, hollow feeling left his chest and his limbs no longer felt numb. His hand slapped the center of his chest and he felt the arc reactor there. He sighed in relief.
“Yes,” Natasha answered for all of them and then grabbed Thor’s bicep and dragged him away before he got any odd Asgardian ideas. She and Thor were followed by Clint, who, in turn, was followed by Bruce. Bruce shot him a reassuring smile and a thumbs up when no one was looking. Tony nodded to him gratefully.
“Whatever you think is best, sweetheart,” Steve said with a smirk, lightly tracing Tony’s arm. He no longer feeling as tired as he did when he first entered the bed. His chest was tight with anxiety as he remembered everything he almost lost…again.
“Tony,” both Steve and Pepper groaned together. Tony was being obnoxious on purpose to both of them and ignoring the obvious danger.
Tony’s interest was piqued when he saw they had scans of his father’s schematics. He was about to comment to Bruce on how they both were going to win with this when the downloading ended and the last file name caught his eye.
When they were close enough, they followed the screams and smoke trails and came to a screeching stop in front of the building with all of its glass blown out. Inside, Steve could see Pepper Potts hurriedly flipping switches. He’d never met her in any time line, but he’d recognize her anywhere from how much Tony had told him about her.
“Why do you even want to be with me?” Tony asked suddenly. His voice was louder and filled with hurt. “Why do you want me? I’m almost twenty years older than you. Bucky is near your age…you grew up with him and you have said time and time again that he is your best friend…hell, he’s even a super soldier, so why? Why me? Why not him? You love him too, don’t you?”
All the emotion he had been trying to keep locked up for days suddenly flooded his system and he hugged Tony. He could not help it. A tiny voice inside of him told him not to do it that it was inappropriate and to avoid any more contact with him, emotional and physical, but Steve only buried his face deeper into the crook of Tony’s neck.
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis replied and the machine turned on with a light purr as the water heated. Tony stumbled over to it like a man on a mission. He continued to hold Peter’s toy as if it were an extension of his arm.
“From our files, I read you’ve been with the Russians for a while. Did they train you in Sambo?” She asked Bucky as she let go of his hand.
,” she groaned his name like an orgasm. It made his cock pulse with more blood. He wanted to make her come, screaming his name.
Tony sighed lightly and played with Steve’s dog tags. He murmured, “I know…but, I’m just a man of my time. I can’t help it. I want to be with…with the person I care for…”
Steve set himself up in one of the rooms a Hydra officer had been using. The room itself was very simple with a bed, wardrobe, desk, and a cast-iron, wood-burning stove. Steve had already gone through the room but found nothing significant so he shoved all the officer’s personal items into the wooden wardrobe. He lay his rucksack at the foot of the bed and some of the 107th’s correspondence on the desk, making the room the closest thing he had to home in a long while.
But he gladly keep the pretense up if it meant his son was happy and, when Peter smiled at him, all of his worries disappeared. He stopped his pacing and said, “Hey, Pete.”
He was gearing up his emotions to hear Tony’s voice but instead heard the familiar voice of his AI, “Hello, Captain Rogers, we’ve all been looking for you…”
“I’ll take that as my sign to go,” Howard said and pushed himself to his feet. “I’ll pop in to see junior.”
“Yes,” Bucky elaborated with a grin. “But when I was first remembering I remembered your Pops first. Aunt Tasha and I used to…
“I need to be alone, Aunt May,” he whispered. She did not say another word and he went upstairs. He locked his bedroom door then put Steve Roger’s crumbled business card on his desk.
Peter’s words were smothered as Venom expanded and Peter’s heart jumped into his throat as he heard it shriek.
He brought her to the edge with just his mouth and then stopped. Natasha made an incoherent form of protest but James crawled up her body and kissed her so she could taste herself on his lips. He whispered into her mouth, “I want to come with you.”
“Stand down, Stark. This is all legal. We have a warrant for you and the Captain’s detainment,” Fury stated as he strolled into the room. He was followed by a mass of more agents. Tony pointed his repulsors at Fury and Fury’s lackeys all pointed their guns at Tony.
Natasha made little shooing motions with her hands and said, “Get to work. Your pacing is distracting.”
Wade’s spine tingled as he remembered the last time Peter had taken a shower and Wade had joined him. As Peter slipped out of the bed, Wade shadowed him and playfully said, “I’ll join you!”
Peter squirmed madly when he recognized the bottle and then jumped on the bottle like he hadn’t eaten in a while.
Tony stopped and stared at him in disbelief. Maybe he really did crack and was out of his mind with grief.
Their eyes broke only once the shooting stopped and Dum Dum yelled out victoriously. Steve lifted his head and looked around them. The fighting had stopped. It looked like the Commandos were victorious again. He looked back to Tony and murmured, “It looks like it’s safe to get up.”
Father Michael was being pushed against a van with his hands being held behind his back. Steve ran straight at them and rocked the people off the priest and then grabbed the father and threw him into the empty van. They went speeding off and the father fell back into his seat, cursing under his breath.
He tossed his shoes, pants, and boxers into the back corner. He kept his shirt on to block out the light of his reactor. He lay across the bedding and supported his head on his angled arm. He only had to wait for thirty seconds more before Steve came in.
As Tony started to rise to the surface, Steve replied, “All I know is that I need to know what happens with Luke and I will be sorely disappointed if I don’t know by tonight!”
“I know…” Howard sighed, running his fingers through Tony’s hair. Tony hummed under his touch and pressed his face deeper into Maria’s side. Staring at their son, Howard stated, “We need to protect him.”
“Fuck, yes, Steve,” Tony moaned and hurriedly unbuttoned Steve’s jeans. It’d been so long since they last touched intimately.
. I CANNOT! I’m getting Wade and then booting you two out and then I’m going to find a way to erase all of this from my memory!” Peter spun around on his heel and right back outside.
Steve had to excuse himself once Fury was done with the debriefing and Tony was quick to follow him. Losing Coulson hurt Tony and Tony barely knew the man. Steve had worked with and befriended Coulson. He shouldn't be alone.
Hahaha happy birthday, Steve! I started the first story with Tony grumbling about "Fucking Hydra" so I thought it'd be poetic to end it similarly! XD
“We’re going to move out soon. I need to get ready,” Steve replied but he didn't move away, waiting for Tony to let go of him.
Wade was already pulling at the largest portion of the black mass and Tony grabbed his own portion. Out of the darkness, a face of nightmares turned to them, smiling with fangs like that of an animated crocodile.
“More than you can imagine,” Peter groaned as he thought of his nightly patrols as Spidey and there was a louder chuckle this time from the audience.
As Steve removed the shirt and tossed it aside, Tony stared up at his soulmate’s perfect torso and felt himself begin to salivate. Tony’s hands have trailed beneath Steve’s shirt multiple times and, just recently, had they started to take them off when they were alone. They were both bashful at first but, at that moment, after Steve tossed his shirt aside and looked down at Tony, he was anything but shy. Tony grasped Steve’s hips, digging his fingers into his soulmate’s warm flesh. And he stated, “We are going to be sooooo late for breakfast.”
“When I was serving my time, I didn’t just sit idly. I worked with a doctor and spoke with people about my problems. I was messed up when we created Venom. My girlfriend was talking about leaving me…my dad had just disowned me…I could barely afford to live on what I was making…my life seemed like it was falling apart and – and Venom was the only good thing in it. I became manic about it, which was partly Venom’s influence, but I shouldn’t have let it hurt you in order to get what I wanted…”
Peter’s fingers stopped circling his cup and he looked at Eddie warily. He whispered, “Did something happen while you were wearing it?”
“But if it means you do not have to deal with those media hounds again, then I’ll happily bug Clint all night for completions. The man can never turn down a bet,” Wade retorted and soundly kissed his cheek as if that settled it. Peter continued to frown and wrapped his arms over where Wade's arms had crossed over Peter's chest.
“Last we saw, yes, but we have no idea where’d he go. Just in case he turns up on the next news cycle, I need you to be prepared to keep Barnes locked down on your property until Rogers is secured, alright?...Stark, where are you go-?....Stark, are you there?....
Tony held up his hands and laughed, “Just making sure!” He crossed his arms over his chest and murmured, “However you do it, if you want positive press, firstly you have to include them to make them feel welcome. If they find out on their own, they’ll pick you apart. You also have to approach it ‘American Dream’ style: how happy you two are, what perfect lives you have mapped out together, white picket fence in the horizon, blah, blah, blah…”
Steve ran his fingers across Tony’s cheek one last time and then stepped back, leaving Tony’s embrace cold. Bucky returned to Steve’s side and grasped his arm tightly.
Wade wordlessly returned the embrace but held him tightly, like he was afraid of Peter slipping away.
Wade’s hot breath misted over Peter’s lips as he moved them. Wade turned them so he was above Peter. Peter was plaint, captivated by the way Wade was staring at him. Wade stopped moving only once he pressed Peter into the mattress and then his body lay on Peter’s, enfolding him in a cocoon of warmth.
“No!” Steve hissed fiercely as the weapons were pointed at Tony. He took a step toward Tony and half the guns swung in Steve’s direction.
“None too gay right now,” Steve grumbled to the man behind him. Tony was handsome and Steve probably shouldn’t have been so familiar with him as he shaved him but he didn’t flirt or ogle…much. He lived up to his promise to Bucky though. He didn’t make any passes toward Tony.
"Wade..." Peter tightened his hold on Wade's arms and was glad he was still behind him. He wasn't sure how to bring it up so he murmured, "I'm sorry about last night..."
“And I used the override codes you gave me!” Pepper countered with a stomp. “You told me just yesterday that you two were just friends and this morning you two could barely look at each other!
“Go for it,” Wade replied and adjusted himself on the bed to better watch his boyfriend. He asked, “Am I going to get a strip tease out of this?”
so he ate up all the notes available to him which led him to the shield that had been constructed for Captain America and the fact that it had been made out of
Tony cleared his throat and replied, “Spidey will just have to go on vacation for a couple of weeks…just so we can be sure.”
Steve briefly touched the side of Tony’s face shield, gifting his soulmate with a small, thankful smile, and then he pulled away and whispered, “Let’s go.”
Seconds later, a suit flew up to them. It opened for Tony in midair and Tony jumped to go in – only to fall as his suit was shot down by one of Kilian’s men.
Natasha needed no other explanation and did as commanded. The portal was closed and, to his ultimate surprise, Tony fell through at the last moment. If Steve hadn’t already fallen to his knees he would have done so now with the overwhelming relief that flowed through him. He gasped, “Thank God.”
“Ugh, don’t get me started. Have you looked outside? Half of New York is dressed like Cap right now.”
But that guilt amounted to nothing compared to the overwhelming remorse he felt when Tony came back from one of those fights with a few broken ribs.
The women had regarded them with shock until that moment. The one holding the badges twitched away from Steve when he took his and the other glared at him as if it were his fault. They regarded Steve with suspicion and Steve’s easygoing smile slipped off his face and was replaced by melancholy.
It was so distracting Tony eventually paused in his search to throughly kiss Steve enough that he’d stop distracting him. He left the super soldier a gooey mess slumped on the other side of the bed, watching Tony with a happy smile. It was hard not to stare back but other things were distractingly much more harder at the moment.
Steve took a long, hot shower as soon as they got home. The feel of Tony’s touch against his skin, the taste of his tongue, and the echo of his moans all saturated his senses ever since the restaurant. They made out in the back of the shawarma shop until the owner accidentally came across them and they separated in a fit of excited chuckles and mumbled apologies to the shocked man.
In the course of a few seconds, he watched Tony’s eye widen as he realized he could not reach Steve, then his eyes grew larger with horror as looked at the fiery pit beneath him, and that horror transferred to devastation as he easily surmised Steve’s fate. Tony’s entire expression broke and he screamed Steve’s name, the sound tearing at his throat as he did.
The Mark III would need to withstand high atmosphere flying to prevent it from icing again. Tony tested out a few metals on a digital simulation, but his mind kept wandering back to how the man said his name and how it strangely sounded had been filled such yearning…
Whenever they left the planet, that first step back onto Earth was always accompanied by Steve breathing a big sigh of relief. He lost count the amount of times they’d left the planet, but Steve never grew used to it.
Tony peered up at him with large doe eyes and looked like a small, frightened child. He hissed, “In the end, I lose someone I love…” Steve’s bottom lip trembled when he heard the belittled tone to Tony’s voice. Tony himself was trembling and shaking his head back and forth. He shakily gasped, “
The subject was named “Spiderman” since his DNA was spliced with that of a gamma-radiated spider’s, though Norman never used the ridiculous name. “The boy” was name enough for him.
Coulson stopped in front of Tony and stated to his nurses, “May we speak in private? This is sensitive information.”
His would-be-savior jumped back from Tony like he had the plague. He even flinched at the sound of Tony’s voice and turned back to him. Despite being covered in fire extinguisher ash, his expression was easy to read and he was clearly conflicted by something prevailing. Whatever it was, the intruder was torn by it as he looked at Tony.
When his dishonesty was discovered, his master threw him to the ground and kicked him until he could no longer breathe. The Soldier lay there and let the master hit him. He deserved it, he had gone against is master’s command. In time, his master grew tired from attacking him and ordered a memory wipe.
“I know you are in there I can read your heat signature,” Iron Man’s grainy voice growled and Steve’s heart leapt in his throat. Steve pushed himself up and went to the door as Tony yelled, “Come out now and give up my husband’s body or so help me I will—I will…”
“I can do this,” Steve whispered. He reevaluated his words and stated to himself, “…I have to do this.”
“I like to flirt with super serum men, but only if they have blue eyes. Gotta love those blue eyes,” Tony teased, his last statement was more directed at Steve than Gabe.
Tony’s eyes widened as he realized his mistake and he looked to Steve for confirmation. Steve minutely nodded to him and his mind raced trying to come up with a way to explain away Tony’s slip.
Peter hid his smile with his papers and then murmured, “Those were pretty much my thoughts when I found out…”
“What else?” Steve repeated in confusion and protectively wound his arms around Tony. He was clearly more concerned by Tony’s state than Jarvis’s. Did he think this was normal?! Of course, he did. He probably assumed changing armor was another quirk of the future.
He did not have to look far. Someone, Pepper most likely, had thought ahead and placed his phone on his bedside within reaching distance. Shifting carefully, Tony reached out and grasped it off the bedside table. As soon as his eyes fell on the device, it activated and Jarvis’s voice emanated over the speakers.
“I may not feel good but that doesn’t mean my ears stopped working…” Tony dryly stated and then nuzzled his face into Steve’s shoulder.
Tony said, walking up to him with an uneasy smile. Of course, the same day he and Steve picked to grab the infinity stone would be when his father would be on base.
Tony grinned and stood on the balls of his feet as he whispered into Steve’s ear, “All I can think about is all the different kinds of
“Natasha, you’re hurt!” Steve hissed, worriedly eyeing her injuries. Her adrenaline was pumping so strong that she didn’t even feel the bullet wounds.
“If you don’t think I’m not going to marry you after everything we’ve been through then you –,” Tony began but Steve cut him off, seemingly unable to hold back the exuberant kiss he needed to give Tony.
Steve reopened his sack and said, “I’ve got some bandages in here. Maybe if we wrap it up it’ll muffle the glow?”
“Touché,” Steve replied and stabbed the egg yolk, making the yellow center bleed. “…But, he’s different. The things in his past have scarred him mentally on top of physically.”
That glassy unshed tears look was still in his gaze but he rolled those eyes and grumbled, “You two are such punks.”
"Caring for you, Sir," Jarvis replied. "I must do all that is within my power to better my creator's existence. Peter Parker's association will greatly increase your happiness, thus provide you with a better living environment."
Norman had a hand in splicing all the fetuses’ DNA with gamma-radiated DNA. This, coupled with finding the women to carry the Super Soldier’s offspring, led to him heading the project.
“Right now, I’m in the middle of nowhere. If I wait any longer then a lot of people are going to die…Peggy, this is my choice.”
“There’s an exhibit on Steve at the Smithsonian. You’re in it. Maybe you should check it out in your two weeks of freedom?” She suggested.
James did not want to stop touching his soulmate but he was so tempted to slip out of the bed and turn on the lights to look upon her body. Instead, he used another of his senses, touch. He ran the tips of his fingers over the dips and curves of her body, picturing her in his mind’s eye. He came across the crater on her hip and remembered shooting her. He paused in touching her and traced the scar tissue with his thumb.
Peter sighed again and leaned deeper into Wade. He lifted his hand and lightly rested it on the back of Wade’s head. His hand came into contact with the fabric of Wade’s mask and he lightly stroked it as Peter asked, “Why are you wearing this?”
“I can build firewalls to combat it but I can’t find any clues where this was made or by who…I might never figure it out. Whoever did this was smart,” Tony whispered, his gaze was hard as he stared at the holo-screens. “…What the hell did they want from
For the last week, he had been meeting with Marcel and his team, going over the testimony and evidence. Steve knew exactly what to say and how to react to any question the prosecution threw at him. But he also knew he would not be testifying today and he anxiously wanted to get it over with.
“It’s a long story but…I told you to come here so you wouldn’t use up your battery…” Tony whispered.
She should have shot him dead right there but curiosity got the better of her. She asked, “Why did you think it was fake?”
“I-I’m sorry,” Peter gasped, still clutching his shirt tightly, afraid to let go. “I…I’ll send you a check for the glass.”
“Bruce, I know you work best in silence but, please, say something, the suspense is killing me!” Tony gasped, stating the very thoughts running through Steve’s head.
Tony locked himself in his lab with a bottle of bourbon and instructed Jarvis to block all incoming calls until he said otherwise. He drank into the night and woke up the next morning with an atrocious hangover. He swallowed a bunch of Advil and dove into his work on his next upgrade to busy himself in work.
He was the first to reach out and touch Steve. He ran the tips of his fingers down Steve’s chest, over his abdominal muscles, and just barely brushing his cock. Steve shivered but leaned into his touch.
“A fractured soulmate pairing would be worse press than if you didn’t turn up at all,” Pepper said, nodding to Coulson in thanks.
He was smiling again and Steve felt a little inkling of hope. Maybe what happened with Bucky was just going to be a bump in the relationship. The feelings he had squashed toward Bucky can be smothered again.
a bad idea and if Steve wasn’t emotionally destroyed from almost losing Tony, he may have pulled back.
After squirming into several different positions, Tony finally found one he was comfortable in and fell into a barely conscious nap. He opened one eye when Panzer turned on the car but closed it as soon as they started moving and let his doze reclaim him.
Wade barked out laughing, like it was the funniest thing Peter had ever said. He wiped an imaginary tear from his mask’s eye and asked, “Will you leave behind something for me to remember you by, princess?”
Natasha regarded him curiously and asked, “Can you really not fight? Even with innocents being hurt and people unjustly dying?”
He pushed Tony into the nearest wall and kissed him deeper. Tony dug his fingers tightly into Steve’s flesh and held on for dear life as his body gave into its passions and his mind was awhirl with all the new and happy possibilities for the future.
Tony closed his eyes and touched his nose to Steve’s but he moved no closer. He waited for Steve to make the next move. Steve gulped, his throat suddenly feeling extremely dry. He parted his lips slightly and closed his eyes as he lifted his jaw toward Tony.
He reached out to press the button for the parking garage but paused when he noticed his shirt sleeve. He'd forgotten he was still wearing Venom.
Bruce pulled up the chair across from Peter’s side of the bed and patiently waited for Peter’s attention to fall on him. Eventually, Peter felt his eyes on him and his bright blue eyes flickered up to him. He kept his face half hidden behind Tony’s torso and peered questionably at Bruce.
Tony cringed. Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea to have put Steve on the Level 1 Clearance list. He got unquestionable access everywhere, including the lab.
Tony followed quickly behind and slid off his glasses once he was inside. They both immediately went to studying the living room and Peter self-consciously hoped it looked alright. Peter closed the door behind them and bolted it shut.
Tony’s heart plummeted far into his chest, farther than he ever thought possible. Steve was looking at him with an apologetic expression, but it took Tony several long seconds to believe what had clearly happened.
Peter shook his head at his dad’s last statement. He knew the nightmares were nowhere close to being over. He might be haunted by them for the rest of his life but he could live with that…what he could not live with was the living nightmare Pops was stuck in because of Peter.
, Captain Rogers. I suggest you broaden your horizons a bit before you start calling me incompetent. And Natasha was too far from you to help. I took a risk and it worked. You’re welcome.”
Steve’s sense of wonder was growing with Tony’s words...but so was his heart. Tony’s head resting on his shoulder was sweet and exactly Steve wanted from this date. Steve’s universe was expanding as he stared up at the multitudes of stars and his feelings for the man at his side were growing with it.
Natasha absorbed the information silently and did not reply for several long moments. Her mate watched her with a critical eye the entire time. He was still as a statue and had even stopped eating. All of his attention was focused on her.
The doctor ignored him and went back to his colleague. They exchanged a few words then they both went into action. Collecting supplies and a large machine on wheels. They pushed it all towards Steve and Dr. Pavlov finally replied, “I need to scan you to make sure your brain was undamaged.”
The young woman squeaked as he loomed over her and she pointed out the door. Steve barreled out as his legs shook unsteadily.
Bucky’s metal arm also caught the light and drew his gaze beyond his and Tony’s hands to Bucky and his dance partner.
“Hey, hey! Stop you two! And get your suit jackets on! Are you going to get married or just skip to the honeymoon?” Pepper chided.
“I'm more horny than hurting right now,” Tony groaned. Steve leveled a look at his lover and Tony grinned saucily at him. Tony supplied, “Though one could argue my dick is in pain.”
Steve sighed heavily but acquiesced and pushed himself to his feet. He asked, “If anything happens, please let me know?”
“My scans are complete, Sir and found nothing out of the usual. Do you wish to proceed to your lab?”
Was Venom going to try to escape outside? Why was it making no move to open the door?? Did Steve notice something was wrong yet??
“…Bruce,” Tony whispered cautiously. His anger had melted away in the face of a gamma-radiated disaster standing beside him.
So Steve slipped off his shield and stabbed it into the ice and then pulled off his gloves. His hands were black and he felt no pain from them being exposed which was frightening. He knew he had frostbite and he knew there was a very good possibility that he would lose fingers. His mask was still back in the plane where he had thrown it off before the crash so he did not need to remove that but with every inch by agonizing inch he removed his shirt. Every piece of exposed skin flared to life with renewed icy pain. Once he got it past his head, he collapsed and pushed it off next to his shield as snow got into his mouth.
“You’re not losing me that easily, beloved,” Tony murmured to him, knowing exactly what was running through Steve’s mind. “Especially to a guy who calls himself Doc Oct…”
His question was like an artic tidal wave pounding down and almost totally extinguishing the inferno of his anger.
Once the threat was contained, Wade curled over Peter and looked him over. He was naked and his entire body was covered in welts and was still smoking.
“When we get back to our era I am going to ravish you,” Steve promised, walking ahead so Tony could watch him go.
what this meant to Peter. Pops knew how much he wanted to know about her but he still left Peter behind…
It had been an unwritten rule in New York that, if your timer was about to run out, you’d come to Central Park.
He felt horrible for intruding on such a private moment, but he needed to stay in case something happened with Tony’s arc reactor. This was the greatest stressor it would face with the heaving sobs Tony unleashed upon his chest.
It wasn’t Steve to gasp the sediment to the Lord this time. Tony turned to find Gabe staring at him with large, white eyes. He hadn’t seemed to notice their cuddling but only the reactor in his chest. Hell, it was more noticeable to Tony too. He never before felt its weight or its unnatural place in his chest like he did now.
Peter rolled his eyes and groaned, “Again? Wait…” His eyes returned to them and he gasped, “Wait. Oh my god, you’re both young looking! You’re – you’re the younger yous! Wade time traveled and
“You are supposed to stay in bed!” Bruce hissed and tossed the sheets back over him as his doctoring notions kicked in. He was worse than Pepper.
All of the other people in the building, who were not a part of the Avenger's, were Tony’s employees and had been handpicked by Pepper. They were trusted to not leak anything but Tony was sure to remind them that their employment included a privacy clause, which, if violated, would lead to their immediate termination and an immediate lawsuit. The few that actually knew of Peter and the truth of his existence were monitored by Jarvis and knew they were being monitored by Jarvis so Steve doubted they would have any trouble with them.
“He…He wouldn’t even look at me when I was carrying him. I doubt he’ll speak to me…” Steve murmured dejectedly.
“Just say when and I will bring him or you can come to the tower and see him whenever you want,” Steve promised and was rewarded with grateful smiles from both of them. Tony grasped him shoulder and Steve looked up and saw him smiley widely at Steve. Steve returned to smile and clapped his hand over Tony’s.
“Then I’ll open them,” Bruce volunteered. “The Hulk would save me before any harm would come to me.”
“Hey, now, I know your brow is sexy but we are not starting anything with our son minutes from getting here,” Steve teased. “We’ve scarred him enough by this point…”
Tony kept talking, to fill up this oppressive silence, “So here’s the plan: we have breakfast with your aunt and I’ll give her the lowdown. We go to the Tower and you should probably stay with us for a while. The reporters will camp outside of the Tower instead of May’s front lawn. And you can keep living out your life. You can hang with the Avengers, keep interning, and have your friends come to the Tower. Eventually, this story will die down and we can figure out how we want to go from there.”
Tony stepped in front of him and trailed his hand up Steve’s torso, his fingers tugging at the buttons of his shirt as his hand went up. He leaned in and whispered, “I bet my tongue can undue you in five minutes or less.”
Bucky leaned into his side, burying his face into Steve’s shoulder. Steve wrapped his arm around Bucky’s head and pulled him into a small embrace.
“All those years, Tony. I never realized it was that long,” Steve gasped. He felt bad for being oblivious to it all.
“It’s nice to see you,” Steve said. “Are you done with whatever you were working on in the workshop?”
Bucky looked to Steve and hopefully stated, “Maybe…Maybe?” Bucky ran his tongue over his teeth and repeated less confidently, “…Or maybe not? Why hasn’t she approached me then?? She hasn’t said a word! She would say something, wouldn’t she?”
Tony grew bitter. He’d spent ten years of his life working to find his mate and he still had to wait another ten years to find this
Steve glanced at the glass container and then back to the priest and murmured, “We’re probably going to need more than one pot…”
“My father died when I was young so my Pops, my grandfather, helped raise me. I wanted to emulate him,” Steve replied.
“The one holding the gun to my head said ‘Hail Hydra’ before he tried to kill me,” Tony murmured. Steve paled and cupped Tony’s jaw with one hand and ran his hand over his forehead, looking for injury.
From that day forward, whenever Steve saw a shooting star or blew out his candles on his birthday cake, he wished as hard as he could that his and Bucky’s implants would reset and their countdowns would begin.
, Tony hadn’t known that too but this was the first time he’d ever seen the Winter Soldier show emotion toward the woman he was mated to. It was surprising to say in the least…
Tony dropped his gaze with an unhappy frown and, in his mind’s eye, he saw Steve walking away from him and his cabinet with its bottle of vodka sealed away. He whispered, “It was bad for me too…”
"Bruce is setting up another transporter," Bucky murmured as they walked around the courtyard behind the hospital. "I volunteered to be the one to take the stones back."
So the moment that would come to change Tony’s life went by unnoticed and he spent it smelting some metal panels together.
Steve paused to rub his forehead as his head started to ache. At least the vultures were no longer shouting expletives or vile things anymore.
“Sir, tap your finger and I will take it as acceptance to override the Iron Man suit,” Jarvis stated.
Uncle Clint sat on the tips of his toes on one of the kitchen stools and watched it all with his sharp eyes. Uncle Bruce and Thor sat on the couch, Uncle Thor had a steadying hand on Uncle Bruce’s shoulder. Uncle Bruce was still a little green.
Coulson’s heart raced as he watched the little amount of footage they had on him. The Captain appeared clear-eyed and within his right mind.
Peter looked down at the phone and wondered who he could trust in it now and who would sell the new number as soon as they got it. The list of those he could trust was sadly very short. He sent a text to Aunt May first to give her his new number. She replied back almost immediately, reassuring him that she was there for him.
Steve’s eyes widened a fraction and he gasped, “Wow…yes, that – that’s inappropriate.” Steve cleared his throat and clarified, “A-All of it?”
Steve cupped Tony’s cheeks and kissed him sweetly. His husband returned the kiss until he suddenly cut it off with a groan.
He opened his eyes to the plain white ceiling of his bedroom. He sat up and took in the usual clutter of his room. He reached to his side, feeling for Wade, but his hand met nothing. Peter looked to the spot in surprise. Hadn’t he fallen asleep with Wade?
The base had aged greatly since he last saw it in World War II. It also had the addition of tall, barbed wire fencing and a newer building for the post of the SHIELD unit that was guarding it.
“More like I was too lazy and Dummy has yet to master doorknobs,” Tony sarcastically said with a roll of his eyes. Steve chuckled and Tony’s already mending broken heart pulsed with another beat of warmth.
“How can I help you?” Norman asked. The symbiote was there for a reason and Norman was not going to beat around the bush.
Natasha hit him with, “When you told him you wanted to masturbate to his photos, were you saying that only because you are attracted to his body and nothing more?”
need to give me flowers or any more chocolates. All I need and want is you and you give me more than enough of yourself everyday…”
Wade sat on top of a stack of mats and asked, “Where are the Avenger themed pom-poms? I need to cheer on my man!”
“And I kinda escalated it,” Peter replied, rolling his eyes. Peter's fingers dug into Wade’s chest and his thighs tightened at Wade's sides. Peter looked down at their bodies and then slowly drew his gaze up from where he sat on Wade’s waist to Wade’s face.
“Well, in the first movie, Ripley thought the alien was dead but it was really in the escape pod with her,” Eddie retorted.
“No…No, just a little longer,” she begged in a hoarse whisper and her hand tightened on the metal object.
It was at that moment, Peter felt the sickening tingling at the back of his neck and his heart lurched.
When the doors opened, he thought the noises he heard were still a part of his imaginings until the very long, drawn out groan interrupted his thoughts and made him snap his eyes open. He walked into the living room and backpedaled immediately, gasping, “
They were in the Avenger’s infirmary, with enough beds for the entire team, and the bed beside his contained his father. Tony also looked pretty banged up and he too had Steve sitting by his side. Peter’s parents were both smiling at Peter with glistening eyes that seemed to sparkle in the light from their joy.
The structure in the center Tony could only have described its function as a grandiose throne. A large red velvet sofa chair sat in the middle of the contraption. It was worn with age but looked like it had been built strong.
"Alright, he should be back in five, four -." Bruce started. Steve closed his eyes and dropped his head, needing a few more seconds of bliss until the inevitable occured. "Two, One!"
“Oh no, two can play at that game,” Peter retorted. He picked up the paper ball and stated, “Both of our DNA is in there. Whatever I get hit with, you get hit with too.”
Tony gave a few tugs at Steve's space suit, revealing a bit of his chest but he became too impatient and his hands went right to his ass and squeezed his favorite American National Monument.
Peter’s head jerked up and he looked to his stepfather, narrowing his gaze so he wouldn’t have to look at the other two.
He sat next to Tony and, after a pause, ironically stated, “I’ve grown so used to its light that I might have some trouble sleeping now…”
Breakfast was nice. Steve had ordered out and they had pastries like donuts and danishes. They sat at the small table in their breakfast nook and basked in the sun as they discussed both Peter's present birthday and past ones.
He’d already shooed two doctors away and he ignored their stares. Bedrest could come later. He needed to be there when his family returned and personally check on their wellbeing.
A motorcyclist came onto the screen and Tony knew without a doubt this must have been the Winter Soldier.
Wade gasped as their mouths collided again. It took him a few seconds to react, but he finally grasped Peter’s shoulders and leaned into the kiss with a sigh.
The Avengers continued to call the Tower home. Villains were in no short supply and ranged from clinically insane humans to power-grubbing aliens. Their public opinion was dependent on the media, some weeks they were heroes and some they were out of control vigilantes. Steve managed to keep his son out of the limelight, despite the efforts of many papparazi. The only images they had of him were from when he was first inadvertently revealed in the attack at Central Park when he was two-years-old.
“My knowledge of your character and your deep connection to young Master Parker brought me to the same conclusion…Yet I had to be sure. You shared a similar connection with Sir and his passing must have been traumatic for you.”
“The healing I can understand,” Steve said, clutching Peter a little tighter. “I heal faster. He must have inherited it from me like his strength. But the other thing..?”
His deception had created a strange rebelliousness in him. Notions about right and wrong began to haunt him and memories of another life showed him how far he had fallen.
He had to face the facts: Tony was only in this to help Steve and mess with the media. There was no question that Tony physically liked being with Steve. He could not fault Tony for his actions. He was never one for serious relationships. Tony thought this was all an act. He did not realize Steve was so enamored with him so Steve needed to get a handle on his emotions.
Tony worried over him but once he saw Peter had fallen back asleep, he relaxed and looked over his son. He was still extremely skinny but there was more meat on his bones since he last saw him. He also wore a hospital gown, similar to Tony’s, and had an IV in his arm supplying him with constant fluids. He did not seem to have any physical injuries but Tony knew the mental injuries alone would take years to heal…if they ever did.
A dozen people got on to the bus in the meantime and then they left. It was a little after three, so they were given a boxed lunch. Steve pocketed the money Father Michael had given him to save for later and ate every little crumb provided.
Steve cackled and tried to smother it. Tony laughed with him and then teased, “I am going to tell everyone how much you love it.”
Steve went on like nothing was amiss and replied to Tony’s statement, saying, “He’s lying. The rumors are true. He once crashed into the side of the building because he was too busy playing minesweeper.”
Still looking at Tony in the faded photo, Steve agreed, “I am ready to leave 2008 a long way behind us.”
Tony’s barely opened eyes searched for a mug and Steve murmured, “Your mug and coffee rations are in your rucksack.”
As soon as he was in the city, Peter suited up and was looking for someone or something to unleash all of his pent up anger on.
Peter mentally let it go and the shield sunk down. He turned to his friend and gasped, “We need to conduct new tests!”
Tony watched him like a hawk. Steve was breathing easily but there was a little smile curling his lips that hadn't been there when he had been in his inert state. He also moved closer to Tony as he slept and move his limbs sluggishly to bring him closer. Tony took this as signs that Steve may not be back in the coma so he wasn’t running for the doctors just yet. His body probably needed more rest after he forcibly woke himself. Or, at least, that was what Tony kept telling himself. he was till a bag of nerves and refused to relax until Steve woke.
She made a strange noise upon impact. The air had clearly been forced from her lungs but it came out like a choke. She slid down the wall and did not get up.
Peter grasped his friend’s arm and murmured, “I mean it, Eddie, I’m so thankful for you being there. You helped Bruce and the others figure out what to do to get that thing off me.”
She turned to the remaining officers, who had drawn their guns on her, and informed them, “Let me try asking this nicely one more time…”
Peter’s grip on him was steadfast and he pulled Wade after him. Wade followed diligently and shot Happy a sympathetic look as he passed the scowling man. His eyes immediately returned to the back of Peter’s head and he worried for the younger man. What was going through his mind? How was he handling all of this? Wade wanted to ask him but he was also afraid of upsetting his boyfriend further…
Tony got out of the car and clutched his door as he looked worriedly at Steve. He asked, “Are you okay?”
Jarvis inclined its head and murmured, “Yes, he was one of the last people we saw before we departed to France and were lost to the past.”
Tony went to pull out of their embrace but Howard stopped him by grasping his arms. Tony looked at his father questionably. The man was smiling widely at him and he whispered, “I thought I was sending you away to a desolate future but you ended up finding your happily ever after?”
“Not as well as you,” Tony purred and, beneath the table, his foot bumped into Steve’s. He didn't move his leg and the heat of his body sunk into Steve’s from the slight touch.
“Good, because I don’t want him running across the country unsupervised, when I tell you that we found Captain Rogers,” Fury grumbled.
Century. It didn’t help that there were also people who shipped them hard and made the most amazing (and filthily detailed) fanfictions which Wade totally read.
“Then we’ll wait a little longer,” Steve whispered in an assuring tone. He had less than an hour and he wasn’t going anywhere in that time. He was going to spend as much of his final moments at Tony’s side.
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and he stated, “The future is stuck in a limbo state. That alternative future could still happen. The future is undecided. There…there must be something that is preventing the timeline to revert back but I don’t have the faintest idea what it could be…the only change I made was…” He sighed heavily and whispered, “
He leapt from where he lay and ignored the way the burns he received from Iron Man’s repulsors pulled painfully at his skin. He got his hands around her throat and choked her.
Coulson let go of him and did just that. The phone barely rang before Coulson was talking, “Sir, I have a man claiming to have Level Nine clearance but not be a part of SHIELD…” Cable held out his hand and Coulson murmured, “And here he is…”
He continued to live at the Tower but…he did not see Tony as much. The man was his best friend and Steve was eternally grateful he was in his life but…
Both Peter and Wade jolted and looked up to the open car door Peter had come in through. Stark was standing there with his arms crossed over his chest and frowning.
Venom vibrated his skin, sensing his torn thoughts. He willed it not to shift into his uniform just yet…he'd try it later when Eddie was gone...
Steve sat beside him and directed the conversation away from the big predicament that was their relationship between them as he stated, “I
Behind him, Jarvis continued to stare at the back of his head with its unwavering gaze but, with Tony's decision, the MK 15 inscription on Iron Man’s chest faded away, like it had never been inscribed there in the first place.
“Wait! Nope!” Bucky gasped, stepping into the hallway. “Can you give us a second to vacate the area? Nat! Let’s leave these love birds alone.”
They had no idea what the perpetrators were after. Tony’s lab was in a disarray but nothing seemed to be missing. The rest of the rooms were unaffected. The only clue left to them was the USB.
“…So they clearly believe her,” Steve stated. His eyes were focused on a picture of Steve in his uniform and the caption reading “America’s Shame.”
"The soul stone is all about sacrifice...sacrifice for one you love...If my idea doesn't work...She will still live. I'll just die instead."
“…You might not want to see,” James stated without turning, he kept his eyes on Natasha, though she pretended she did not notice.
Vision and the others looked at the gathered force and then to Steve for direction and Steve commanded, “Bring him to the Hulk room.”
I have already started on the next chapter and I plan to cram as much writing in as I can before I start!
go wrong, and a backup of the backup of the things that have the faintest possibility of going wrong.”
In the pause in their conversation, Steve heard Bucky’s voice. Tony’s eyes narrowed as he heard him too. He was talking to someone.
He was going to see Bucky again and his Ma and everyone else he’d loved and lost and…one day, he’ll see Tony again too. He was sure of it.
“That you are, my boy,” Ben said, lightly pinching Peter’s cheek. Peter giggled under the touch and smiled bashfully at his godfather.
Steve was leaning back in his chair with his long legs stretched out underneath the table as he talked about an old game he and Becky used to play as kids. Suddenly, Steve felt Tony’s foot brush against his leg. He thought nothing of it, assuming he was adjusting his feet, until his foot continued to brush his leg. Steve’s eye snapped up from his food and he saw Tony leaning back in his own chair and staring at Steve smugly. Steve's story dwindled to a stop and silence stretched between them as Tony continued to caress the side of Steve’s leg with his foot.
“Oh, yeah, right,” Tony mumbled, extricating his tight grip from Steve’s sides. They were awkward as they tried to find a way to get up without making it any more weird. There was some stumbling into each other and silly chuckles before they finally got to their feet. They brushed themselves off and Steve was already missing the feel of Tony’s body pressed against his. Steve rubbed his face and wished Bucky hadn’t drawn attention to his attraction to Tony before they went out. His mind may have been so focused on Tony’s body if he hadn’t been thinking about him already…
Peter lifted his mask enough to show Wade he was grinning. He walked up to Wade and wrapped his hand around the flower stems and Wade’s hand. He said, “They’re amazing and so are you.”
“Mistress Romanov and Master Barnes are quarreling and Masters Odinson and Barton are trying to stop them,” Jarvis replied. “I take it you wish to go to the community floor where they are?”
Marston thought he had bagged the interview of the season. Steve had not once given an interview since his son’s discovery. Marston assumed that was why they had called for the exclusive, last minute interview.
Joy swelled in his chest. He’d been nervous about Peter’s reaction. He knew he was upset by all of this attention and didn’t know how’d he react to an interview where he was the main focus.
But his hand was stopped. He was tied down and he was laying on cold cement, not a bed. He opened his eyes and the good feeling went away and he remembered the situation he was in…His soulmate was no longer by his side. She was his target. And Steve…Steve was no longer with him either. He was the property of the Red Skull now, just like the Soldier…
Tony turned to Steve. The man was staring off into space with a blank expression, thinking God knows what. Tony asked, “Can we just make sure this really happened?”
“I’ll save it for when half of your face doesn’t look charred. Is there anything I can do for you? Anything?”
An attendant came in to deliver the daily reports, only to have his throat crushed by the Red Skull in his ire.
“It’s a part of life,” Steve winced in reply. Even Steve didn’t get hit with acne as hard as Tony had but he wasn’t going to reveal that to his soulmate just yet. It might upset him even more…
Steve chuckled and reached out to wipe some of the sauce off his chin. He admonished playfully, “Chew your food.”
“I’ll be back tomorrow morning,” Steve whispered. “Please, promise me you’ll reconsider your opinions…” Steve bit down on his lips and then pleaded with a more choked voice, “
Peter’s brows pursed tightly together in confusion and he sarcastically replied, “Access to the ISS Science Labs?”
Years of training with Academy provided them with both with similar fighting techniques and, even though they haven’t worked together in years, they responded to each other’s cues as if they had last worked with each other yesterday.
Tony smirked at his father and tightened his hold on the case containing one of the infinity stones. His happily ever after had a purple villain stomp in and destroy almost everything.
Peter’s racing heart began to slow as he understood. He wiped the happy tears from Wade’s cheeks and whispered, “Every version of Wade Wilson is a handsome version, you don't have to hide this from me.”
Steve and Tony shared a chuckle and bumped their heads together as they did. Their eyes met again and their laughing stopped. Steve lightly touched his forehead to Tony’s and whispered, “Hi.”
“He’s alive,” Steve replied, throwing a glance over his shoulder to where Tony lay. Tony did not move an inch since Steve had left his side. Steve turned back to Thor and said, “Help Natasha and Clint with the Goblin.”
Steve bit down on his bottom lip as Tony’s tongue traced a path down the sensitive hollow to his neck then gasped, “Please tell me you did not throw out the lube.”
“Okay…” She whispered, lightly touching his shoulder. He leaned into her touch and she continued, “I’ll order some pizza and then we can put him up in one of the guest rooms.”
Something unknown flickered in Tony’s eyes that Steve was unable to interpret. Steve slid one knee onto the bed beside Tony and cupped the back of Tony’s neck to pull him into another kiss as he hunched over him. Tony pressed himself into Steve and Steve’s arms immediately secured Tony to Steve’s person, trying to get as much of Tony’s body in contact with Steve’s as possible despite the fact that Steve was still standing with one foot on the ground. Tony pressed one hand to the middle of Steve’s back to keep their kiss going and then the other to his behind to encourage his hips to move against Tony’s stomach.
“Wait!” Bucky held up his hand. Bucky pointed at Tony’s chest with both of his hands and gasped, “You have a freaking light in your chest.”
Steve wracked his mind trying to also guestimate what it was they missed. Perhaps the SHIELD agents were not going to be good enough to convince Tony? Maybe he was still going to look into Steve?
Tony’s eyes flashed with understanding as if he could read Steve’s mind. His gaze dropped and he said, “Well alright then…Unless you want to get that practice in right now, I guess we can move on and can check out the new articles for today, see where public opinion –.”
“After we get home,” Steve whispered, the word “home” making his heart swell as he said it. He continued, “And, after we make love
Peter ate a quick breakfast and then went down to the lab. It was his turn to wear Venom out and Eddie wasn't going to show up because Peter had told him he was going to wear it all day.
And Steve was everywhere. Steve would go out running with Bucky, on a mission with Natasha, or would join him in the workshop and either try to help him with what he was doing or distract him with his kisses. In one way or another, he was everything to everyone in the house.
When she came back inside, she spotted him and went straight to Steve. Once she was close enough she announced, “That went well, not great, but well enough.”
Steve inhaled deeply and willed himself to do as Tony requested. Tony entered deeper than Steve ever thought possible and stretched him more than his fingers ever could. Steve bit down on his lip and groaned deeply as the sensation shook his system.
Peter flushed deeply. He and MJ openly discussed their sex lives in the past but was certainly very different when’s one’s partner was sitting right there! –
“It’s just us, Eyepatch, unless you want to include Bucky but, last I checked, he’s not really into threesomes,” Tony replied, picking up the container of blueberries he brought with him and sat down on his couch as he began to munch.
At first, it was glorious. The fetuses were growing and showing signs of being more evolved than everyday-humans. He thought he had finally done it, he had finally found the key to solving the mystery of the Super Soldier serum.
It took a few more nights of confessionless love making for Tony to completely relax but Steve could never shake to feeling of dread that always hovered in the back of his mind since that night.
That night, they held a small, private ceremony with their closest friends in attendance, most of whom were of the Avengers. The Commandos were there as well and Dum Dum hooted the loudest as they kissed. Peter had been their ring bearer and had ran down the aisle in his excitement.
“This looks pretty set in stone. Glad to see you don’t leave me at the altar,” Tony observed, making Steve chuckle.
Tony fully lowered the flaps, completely obliterating the light of the reactor, and stated, “This is futuristic technology that you should not see nonetheless examine.”
“Is…Is he at the Tower?” Steve asked breathlessly. Oh God, Clint and Natasha clearly thought Steve stepped out on Tony but what would Tony think? He just told Steve he loved him as Steve was genuinely sleeping with a man Tony knew he had feelings for. Would he believe him if he said nothing happened?
Tony nodded and grabbed the uniform Bucky had thrown to the ground as Steve happily pulled out some bandages out of his bag.
“There you go,” Steve said. “Half my job is telling you guys what to do anyways…Go Tony. If whatever is happening in Florida warrants a call to the Avengers then they are going to need your help.”
He wanted to see Tony's face as they made love. It... just did not seem right not being able to see his pleasure as they were together.
“You were always my best friend but recently…I started looking at you differently,” Steve replied vaguely.
Steve got to his feet and stepped past the Red Skull to Bucky and Tony. His gaze irrevocably fell on his soulmate.
Howard sounded so excited by it and it made Tony uneasy. Howard may have been enthusiastic but…This was not the father that had raised him. He was going to change in the coming years. Many events in the coming years will make him a more bitter man.
Steve’s fingers dug into his sketchbook as he looked down at his son and saw the toy in his arms. Steve had been sitting in the community living room with his sketchbook open on his lap. He had tried to distract himself and draw but his pages remained bare.
“Oh! Of course! I’ll show you the way out! Where is your time machine? Are you using the one in France again?”
They strolled through the zoo, Peter led the way by pointing. Steve and Tony talked and Peter was too fascinated by the animals to pick up any of their conversation. At first, they made observations about the animals and the other zoo goers. Then Tony brought up ideas about new toys for Peter and ways to make the Tower safer for him.
Schmidt just smiled his creepy fleshless smile and looked at the shot up doorway he’d been standing at when Tony first came in. The Red Skull stated, “I think it is you who will lose in the end.”
Beta Jarvis?? Why would Beta Jarvis be on?! It was only supposed to activate if he lost connection to the main program! Could his communications be damaged?
Steve squeezed his arm and murmured, “There has to be a valid explanation. Maybe you designed a new AI for a new home?”
Peter thought of the crumpled card in his bedroom again and he clenched the newspaper tightly between his fists.
The priest looked to Steve’s bare feet and then trailed up his stained and worn clothing and he agreed, “Yes, my son, you certainly do.” He stepped down and hid the feather duster behind the alter as he continued, “Let’s go to my office and get you some food.”
The madman’s words made Steve’s skin crawl. He had hijacked the networks again and stated, “A true story about fortune cookies. They look Chinese. They sound... Chinese. But they're actually an American invention. Which is why they're hollow, full of lies, and leave a bad taste in the mouth…My disciples just destroyed another cheap American knockoff: the Chinese Theatre. Mr. President, I know this must be getting frustrating, but this season of terror is drawing to a close. And don't worry, the 'Big One' is coming.”
A list of websites appeared, his Wikipedia being the first, followed by his company, and then various news articles…but Steve’s eyes were drawn to the tiny boxes with Tony’s picture, prompting him to see more if he hit the images tab.
Tony leaned back and they fell upon the soft bed that materialized for them. Steve kissed him all over, cherishing every piece of him until the dreamworld disappeared when Tony regained consciousness.
After that night, Steve merely needed to hold Tony to calm him and Steve himself would relax into the serenity of their embrace.
Tony’s excitement deflated a little but he would not let it drag him down. He looked on the brighter side: Tony was willing and Steve was willing. This relationship they were going to portray was fake but it did not mean they could not have fun in the meantime.
“Nat…I thought your mate was dead…You said the Academy killed him in front of you,” Hawkeye stated, not sounding convinced.
“Alright, gay boys, I think you’ve both had enough to drink,” Bucky stated, shaking their shoulders in unison.
Still grinning smugly about the bear in his hands. Tony leaned into Steve with a happy sigh. Steve shifted into the 21
Venom growled, baring sharp teeth and refusing to reply. But it stopped fighting Hulk and continued to stare back at Steve.
As they flew, Hulk kept a hold of him and Stark started to fiddle with his left arm to disable it but he ignored them both.
His son automatically started to play with it, using an elephant cracker to talk to the action figure. Steve stepped back and Peter was so wrapped up in his game that he did not notice Steve’s absence.
and seeing Steve just smile at him for no reason…other than existing. Yeah, Tony didn’t have to double think anything. His sweet, sweet super soldier didn’t deserve to die.
The elevator doors opened and Tony scurried inside like the mouse he was. He turned to Steve, praying he’d stop the elevator, stop Tony, stop what was happening, but Steve merely stared at him. His expression was open and Tony could read the confusion and pain as plainly as a book.
“Thank God,” Steve murmured. If he was going to escape SHIELD medical he would like to do it in some pants. Steve and Clint were notorious for slipping out against the doctors’ orders. After Clint scaled down the side of the building, with his lower half for all to see and ended up the front page story for the next month, SHIELD started making the sweats standard issue whenever one of them was hospitalized.
Bucky rubbed the back of his neck, feeling older than he should, and commanded, “Go take a nap in my Jeep. I’ll keep an eye on him until someone comes to break down Howard’s tent.”
Waist deep in the water, Tony’s joints were beginning to ache, even the flesh around his arc reactor was throbbing. He rubbed the skin around the reactor to try and dispel the feeling but received no such result.
“She’s insane,” Tony hissed into his scalp. He tightly wound his arms around Steve’s back and whispered, “The judge had to see that! There is no way he’s going to convict you after seeing how crazy she is!”
Upon Tony’s call, Steve looked up with some reservation. Iron Man hovered a few feet above him. Tony asked, “Do you need a lift to the meeting point?”
Steve nodded and was the one to lead Tony through the barriers. Tony stuck close to his side and because of that Steve was able to hold his head high and keep his face expressionless as he made his way into the courthouse.
