“What?” Tony asked, looking…Bucky didn’t know how he looked, but it was
Pulling himself out of the thought and trying to put Steve at ease, he changed the subject. “Should we go prep for dinner?”
“Fuck!” He gasped as his hand quickly moved to Tony’s cock.
“Bucky, behind you!” Dugan yelled, and Bucky turned to open fire at the German soldiers that were rushing to their point of cover. The soldiers fell feet away from their position, and they scrambled to the other side of the foxhole to take out more soldiers approaching them.
Steve’s breathing was heavy. “Tony what…? I don’t understand. What’s going on?”
Tony smiled and nodded once. “Together.”
He finally responded, “Europe, huh? That’s something, then. Too bad France is occupied. I haven’t been there in years, and I’d love to show you Paris, city of love and all that.”
The rest of the drive was filled with a much more pleasant discussion of Tesla’s early work and how the man had been and would continue to be screwed over by the history books for decades to come. Erskine dropped Tony off in front of his building, and both men bid each other good evening.
“You bring out the best in me, Buck,” Steve told him.
“Thank you,” Bucky answered, a light blush touching his cheeks. His boys were gonna kill him with those blushes tonight.
Tony just smiled. “Thanks, Howard,” he said happily, verbally making them equals before turning to Erskine. “Say doc, you want to show me where I could get a decent cup of coffee. My roommate kept me up all night.”
Steve sighed, “Alright, if this is what it takes for you stay with us and fight, I’ll just have to get used to it, but I still don’t like it. Tony, you’re going to be risking your life if you come to fight with me, and no one is even going to know your name. That’s not right.”
Bucky thought tiredly. Yeah, he’d hoped to climb a little higher up the ranks than private or corporal, but he’d wanted to get there on his own terms. Now, it felt like he had to work just that much harder to make sure that someone like Williams wouldn’t get there first.
Was Tony hallucinating? Had Jarvis ordered coffee beans laced with drugs?
Anthony Stark looked sad again. It didn’t know why. When he spoke again, it was still softly. “We want you to
“Tony was never supposed to be there.” Bruce explained. “Every interaction your past self has with him, and every effect from that interaction, is going to change what you know. From what I can tell, your memories are being rewritten.”
Steve pulled back. “I’ve been waiting to hug you all day.”
Steve just leaned over and said, “That’s alright. If there’s a problem with it, I know you can fix it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well,” Tony had begun, “it’s been over a week since I came by and checked in. Wanted to see how things were going and, ya know, keep Philips from having to remind me to earn my paycheck.”
“I’ve noticed, Stark, which reminds me,” the Colonel said as he moved to sit behind his desk again. “Are you set on keeping the name?”
Steve looked to argue that, but Tony cut him off. “Nope. It’s done. If you’re nice enough to let me stay, then let me be nice enough to earn my keep.”
Steve rolled his eyes in that fond way of his. “You’re absurd. And sweet.”
The pressure in his chest was staggering. Love and pain in equal amounts. The comfort of having them next to him was like a salve, soothing his aching head and trying to pull him into unconsciousness. He was surrounded by the ones he loved, lending him their warmth.
I'm a little nervous about the alternate POV as I have gotten used to writing Tony. If anything seems out of character or doesn't flow as smoothly...well, I did my best to avoid that. I actually left little breadcrumbs in previous chapters. This is how I always envisioned the inner workings of the character. I went back and reread this story three times to make sure I had dropped hints about certain things. Sorry, I'm rambling, but I'm nervous. Especially after the hype from the last chapter.
“Excuse me for not being more sensitive about the people tryin’ to take over the world, Steve.”
“Back to the point,” Natasha said, regaining Steve’s attention. “Stark’s been there for three months? What the hell has he been doing?”
Bucky’s eyes sprang open at those last memories. His chest was heaving as the thoughts and emotions continued to fill his mind, but he wasn’t fighting it anymore and realized he could stay in the present while remembering his past. He felt tears running down his face, but he didn’t have the capacity to be fully surprised by it.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve said as he approached the desk Tony was seated at. “Guess what happened?”
Then, his Daddy was there above him, moving between his thighs as he gently ran calloused hands down his torso, making the muscles of his stomach jump with this new form of contact. Bucky’s legs were pushed open wider as they were brought to his chest, and yes, he finally felt the head of his Daddy’s dick at his opening. He looked between them and realized there was no condom. It would just be skin touching him, and he moaned at the thought because it was what he wanted. Nothing between them as he was taken.
They’d arrived at the military base, and an escort had been there waiting for Steve. His blonde partner had just shrugged helplessly before promising to meet them later. Dugan had yelled the name of the pub they’d all be going to later, and Steve called that he’d see them there. They’d watched him leave before collecting their bags and moving towards the outer gates so they could find some cabs.
The driver had gotten out to put Bucky’s duffle in the trunk of the cab, and Tony decided that he didn’t have time to waste on self-recrimination. Bucky was home, and he would be gone all too soon. So Tony smiled and cheekily replied, “I’d look good in an armored suit, wouldn’t I?”
Steve took over the story of how Morita was known for his dirtier sense of humor, being hell on his grease gun and was one the cockiest men he’d ever seen go into battle. That had gotten Sam to say, “You mean behind yourself, of course, right Cap?” Steve had taken the team’s good-natured ribbing at some of his more reckless stunts after that.
Sam nodded. “We got this, Steve. You and Barnes just concentrate on the new memories. Who knows? You could remember something useful.”
” Steve had admitted sadly. “
Now it was Steve’s turn to be confused. “Why?”
“You accused his people of giving their country away,” Bucky pointed out. “You said that to a member of the French Resistance.”
“Oh my, God, your bleeding.” Bucky cried out as his eyes darted over to the knife on the ground then back to Tony’s reddened shirt before the two men rushed to his sides. “He stabbed you! Oh, shit!”
Bucky would be lying if he said he didn’t secretly love the way Tony doted on them, took care of them, and tonight had just been another instance of it. Honestly, it was the thing he loved most about…
She took a step closer, and Tony reflexively raised the gauntlet higher.
“Steve!” Tony and Bucky nearly yelled at the same time.
“Yeah,” Bucky said. “After you left this mornin’, me and Stevie were sitting on the couch. I was lookin’ through the paper, and the radio was playin’ when the song we danced the foxtrot to came on. And I said ‘wish I could just get paid to dance cuz I know I’m good at it. I taught Tony in no time’, and Steve said ‘well, why don’t you?’”
” Bucky and Steve had both smiled at the memory.
“Captain America! How exciting!” A German accented voice called out over the chaos, and Steve saw a man in Nazi uniform emerge across the walkway from them. The small man with the briefcase from the basement was at his side. “So, I see Erskine managed it after all.”
“They can’t all be that bad,” Tony said as they began walking to the car that would drive them back to Brooklyn.
Bucky and Steve pulled back but didn’t quite let go.
“Bloody poor choice of words, chap,” Monty agreed.
“Don’t be sorry for not being OK.” Steve told him. “If this happens again, we will deal with it. Just remember that no matter what the voice in your head tells you, I love you, always.”
“So, all that talk about him adopting and taking care of you and the Captain all these years was true.” Gabe said. “I mean, I thought it was mostly joking, but the guy can’t seem to help looking after people, can he? Not that it’s a bad thing.”
Bucky knew she was thinking about how Tony had managed to fool her, at least to some degree on how he only cared about himself. It’s not an easy thing to get something past the Black Widow, but he had. After Tony’s trip to the past, Bucky now knew first-hand how well he could hide behind a mask and play the part that was expected of him. Just as he knew what it looked like when the mask slipped, and Tony was laid bare for all to see. The genius covered a lot of pain behind his smile.
Shaking his thoughts away, Tony’s eyes searched for the date. The month was right. The day was right. But the year was WRONG!
As he looked across at his men circling the clearing, he promised himself that they would make it back. It couldn’t be that much further, could it? He just needed to know which direction to go. They’d make it back and get a well-earned rest. Hopefully, they’d get to have those drinks Dum had mentioned before being sent back out to fight. He knew that if they survived this and found safety, the war wouldn’t wait long before it called them to return.
“I’m so sorry I worried you,” he whispered as he lowered himself onto one elbow by Bucky’s head. His other hand began trailing down Steve’s chest to lightly graze a nipple. Steve’s breathing hitched. Tony hovered his face over Bucky’s as his hand continued to tease at the pebbled flesh on Steve’s chest. “I love you boys so much.” He looked directly into Bucky’s eyes. “I’m gonna take care of you, sweetheart. I’ll show you just how precious you are to me.”
That’s when explosions began to shake the floor and walls around them.
“You’re so handsome, Tony,” he said, keeping with the rhythm he’d set. “So sexy, and your mine.”
He grabbed Tony’s shoulders and turned him so that his head was hanging off the edge of the mattress, but his hips still remained propped up on the pillow. “You’re going to take care of Bucky now. Open your mouth.”
“Sure pal.” The guy took out a
Bucky’s eyebrows came together in a frown. “We’re just two jerks from Brooklyn.”
“I’m so sorry.” Bucky’s voice sounded raw. “I’m so sorry, Steve. I forgot you. How could I forget you?” Steve’s mind flashed to that fucking chair again as more tears fell. “I
Tony walked quickly down the sidewalk as he hurried to get home. He was running late, much later than he’d planned on being. He’d wanted to do something special tonight to celebrate their new relationship, and he was already fucking up.
Howard eyes were skeptical as he looked over Tony’s face, trying to read the new man before him. With the evaluation finally done, Howard smirked. Good. He was about to underestimate Tony.
Steve made a movement as if he wanted to grab his hand back while Bucky just groaned. He turned to the brunet. “Lay down, gorgeous.”
He looked at Bucky. “It became my responsibility too when you agreed to bottom for me. That’s why I promised to take care of you.” Bucky smiled softly, Tony really had taken care of him. He always did.
And Bucky did, in shock at the words his mind had shouted at him, he stopped pushing and let everything crash through him. All of the memories and emotions and sensations he’d felt in the past since Tony arrived in their lives crashed through his mind like lightning. It was too much. A normal person would have died from it. He couldn’t begin to keep up with it all. It was…
The brunet leaned against him as Tony supported his other side with his gun drawn, ready to shoot if they encountered anyone on their way out. Steve hoped the other prisoners were able to get to safety, but his biggest concern were the two men next to him. He couldn’t believe they’d gotten this far. His and Tony’s stealth mission had been a huge success, but Steve still couldn’t believe their luck. Hell, he couldn’t believe how easy some of it had been either.
Almost an hour later, they were all riding together in the back of a taxi. Tony watched through the window as they passed Prospect Park before making their way to Kensington. The Irish/Italian neighborhood was a little out of the way from their own part of town, but that was part of the appeal. It made tonight feel just a little more special.
Bucky was so confused at Steve’s words, he didn’t understand what he had to do with Steve’s relationship with Tony anymore. “But I’m not now, I’m not that person.” He said as he tried to find a way to tell Steve what the blonde seemed to be missing. “I might be able to remember more of who I used to be, but that isn’t me. I’m too damaged, Stevie. You don’t need to try to love a murderer. You deserve better than that.”
**Bucky’s POV**
“I’m hurt, doc.” Tony turned to grin at him. “You know just what to say to hurt me. You’re hurtful and mean.”
“You know he’s enhanced,” Tony pointed out, “similar to how Rogers is.”
Steve huffed and rolled to the side, but Tony just rolled with him so that they lay snuggled together. Steve sighed as Tony lay an arm over his chest and gently rubbed his beard on Steve’s shoulder. “That was very different but in a very good way,” Steve quietly agreed with him before he looked down see Tony’s body and his breath caught.
kind of way. “You know how he gets if we’re late.”
He was so grateful the tower was empty. No one needed to walk in and see this; it was only for them. They had been through so much, and now they were finally together again. Bucky remembered him, at least he remembered enough to need this from Steve, and he would gladly take it. He didn’t need
“I don’t know about you, Steve, but I’m ready to storm a tank and drive a beach.” He said as he smiled up at the blonde.
“It was because of me.” Bucky interrupted. “You keep saying things aren’t my fault, but I did those things. I hurt you. Fuck, I’ve hurt a lot of people. I may not have chosen to do that or realized what I was doing, but I still did it.” Bucky’s gaze turned inward for a long while, and Steve waited patiently for him gather his thoughts. Eventually, he looked back up and focused on Steve before asking, “Do you think I have a soul?”
The woman’s voice breathlessly pleaded.
Steve lowered his hands because he had to do something. If Tony didn’t start moving soon, his control might very well snap, and because as much as Steve was worried over his new strength, he really wanted this.
“I couldn’t leave his side after what happened to him,” Tony said truthfully. Steve and Tony had finally been able to tell Bucky everything that he’d missed in the time they’d been apart during one of the breaks they’d taken from marching.
An hour later they were sitting and laughing in front of empty plates. The last of the wine was in  their glasses as they talked about Bucky starting his new job in two days. Tony had eventually told them that he spoke seven languages other than English: Spanish, French, Italian, Mandarin, Japanese, Russian and Latin. They had then demanded that he prove it by speaking in each one of them, laughing as he carried on a conversation with himself in several different languages.
Bucky’s eyebrows scrunched up adorably as he thought for a moment before shaking his head. “No, I don’t remember that. I’ve remembered some stuff from when we were kids, but I don’t remember talkin’ bout space. Tell me about it.”
Tony felt a stab of guilt over what she was going through. It
His eyes finally snapped opened and slowly focused on a face that was blurred. Was he crying? “Yinsen?”
Tony wished he could take their hands or loop his arms around theirs, but he knew that wasn’t a possibility so he just motioned with his head and began walking, knowing they would follow.
**Tony’s POV**
The man said cruelly.
They devolved into quips about each other’s intelligence and character soon after. Eventually, they started telling Tony more about themselves. Their lives and childhoods. It was nice.
“So this is something you two did before the war?” Sam asked slowly, as if it was more polite to ask about someone’s personal business that way or something.
Buck nodded, “Please, doll.” Before opening his mouth again.
Steve snorted. “That’s cuz I’ve got two left feet, Buck. It’s not that ya couldn’t teach me.”
It wasn’t even two hours later, when Tony was once again proven right, and visitors began to arrive at their apartment. The first was Ruth, who fretted and tsked at Tony for leaving the hospital.
“I was a runaway that joined the circus.” Clint volunteered, adding to the conversation. “Once I was grown and had left with a dangerous set of archery skills, I got into some trouble before S.H.I.E.L.D. found me, and I became their spy/assassin. I’ve been on my own most of my life. This place with you guys is…well, it’s a hell of a lot better than anything I ever thought I’d get to have. Fuck, I can’t even remember the last thing I had to pay for, and I’ve got teammates I can trust and a hot boyfriend. Not bad for a circus freak reject.”
Steve wondered how long it had been since Bucky had a decent meal, or any meal for that matter. “How long’s it been since you’ve eaten, Buck?”
As you know from last chapter, our sweet boy finally embraced his memories, and I foreshadowed that Bucky expected this to bring new emotions and realizations for both of them. Let's see if he was right.
“At this point I don’t really care about the name,” Phillips said as he took another sip. “You could be Susie Sutton for all I care. You see, when I ask who you are, I want to know more than a name. You obviously know how little a thing like that can mean. So, help me do my job, and tell me who you are.”
“I’m so tired of feeling alone.” Steve began softly. “Ever since the ice, I’ve been alone. Even surrounded by people at shield or here in the tower, I didn’t have anyone. Who could I talk to that would understand? Really understand and not just nod their head and offer sympathy or advice based on nothing at all?”
“Excuse me, sirs,” JARVIS’s voice rang out, breaking them from the moment. “I apologize for interrupting, but the remaining members of the team that are currently still in the tower are headed to this floor. I thought it best to warn you.”
Steve had always felt guilty that Bucky hadn’t gotten to finish school and couldn’t afford college. Bucky would’ve said he wasn’t smart enough for all that, but Steve knew better. Bucky had loved discovering new things when it was something that interested him. He could now remember Bucky reading Tony’s Asimov books and magazines. He’d watched Tony as he tinkered on his inventions for the apartment, fascinated as something new was created.
“It’s not wrong,” Steve told him as he pulled away and began making his way back to the stove. “You and I have both changed after everything we’ve through, but we’ve still found a way to move forward and create something new. Tony’s already proven he’s capable of doing that so many times. We’re not going to lose him, Buck, not the things that really matter anyway. Tony’s stronger than that.”
But every night as he took a shower, Tony would throw away the mask he wore and let himself cry, his tears washed away by the water. If only his problems could follow them down the drain. He knew in his heart that he would need to accept this. He would have to let them go and trust that somehow everything would work out, that he’d succeed and not have to lose them.
For one very weak moment, Bucky almost wanted to forget everything again because reliving Tony’s pain this way, knowing how doomed they all were, was nearly too much to take.
“I’ll say,” Morita added.
Tony was trying to calm himself and get used to the rhythm Bucky was setting, but that flew out the window when Steve, still facing Bucky, swung a leg over Tony’s head and straddled his face. His shins rested on Tony’s biceps, effectively pinning his upper arms down and giving Tony a close view of his cute little ass.
The brunet’s lids were half closed as he smiled lazily at him. “Oh Captain, My Captain,” Tony murmured while looking just a bit smug and very fucked out. “That was a seriously good dicking down.”
“Aw, Buck,” Steve nearly whined, “You know I wish you wouldn’t. You don’t have to keep trying to set me up.”
It shouldn’t be important. If Tony didn’t want to discuss his feelings at certain times, he shouldn’t have to. It’s not like he didn’t express himself and communicate to Bucky and Steve because he did. Bucky is almost positive that Tony has never been so real and vulnerable with anyone as he is with them. There is still that little bit that he holds back, though. Thoughts and emotions he hides from them. No, it shouldn’t be important, but it was.
Steve and Bucky obviously cared, but they afforded him the option of dealing with it on his own. Tony appreciated that more than he could say. Throughout his life people had treated him like he wasn’t capable of making his own decisions. He would be the first person to admit that he sometimes made horrible decisions, but he was a grown man and they were his bad decisions to make.
“Bucky, are you alright?” The one named Steve asked.
He saw Bucky’s eyes open to look unseeingly towards the corner of the room, and Steve’s feet began moving. He had to be here for him, no matter if his friend wanted the comfort or not. Steve would always be here for him.
Tony watched his sweetheart approach him and lusted after the long, lean muscles that shifted under Bucky’s skin as he stepped in front of Tony.
la vino-the wine
Tony looked around at the soldiers enjoying their cigarettes, and he tried to feel a little better at the fact that they seemed happier. He could see on the interface from his glasses that their stress levels were down and their serotonin levels were much better. A little bit of happiness could that. He would admit snapping at that poor young man was not his finest moment. He hadn’t deserved that despite snorting at Steve’s rank. Any of these young boys, and they were all so young, could have been his Bucky. Scared, tired and missing their loved ones while knowing that at any minute they could be fighting for their lives.
The outer yard was a mess of fire, bodies, and destruction. The far wall in front of them had been blasted open. The hole was large enough for a tank, and Steve was grateful that leaving the base would not be a problem for them.
“I want to help.” Tony said. “And I know Captain Rogers is going to need it. I believe in him. I’ve followed at his side for months now, and honestly, I’m just crazy enough to follow him into whatever he’s going up against. I can fight, and I know how to survive. I’ll take the lab position if that’s all I get, but I have to believe that I can do more than that. You said it yourself, I'm more than just a brain.”
“I think I remember that.” Tony said, working his memory as the fog slowly cleared. “I’m glad he’s alright.”
The far wall held a display of different versions of the Iron Man armor. He’d been impressed by that armor the first time he’d seen it when Steve had brought him down to see Stark their first night here. He remembered walking in and staring at all the different suits, cataloguing the subtle differences between them. It was the biggest reason that he’d allowed the genius to touch him.
Bucky sighed as Steve stretched out next to him. After a few seconds, Bucky laid his head back down on Steve’s lap, and he felt the blonde fingers return to his hair. The soothing gesture helped to release the remaining tension he felt.
When JARVIS had notified them over forty-five minutes ago that Tony’s locator in his watch had gone off grid, and he had been unable to reactivate it from the tower servers, the team had assembled and taken a Quinjet to bypass traffic and race to the last place the signal had come from. They were nowhere closer to understanding what happened than when they’d arrived.
“That son of a bitch,” Bucky snarled. “He only does this when you’re alone. I’m so tired of this shit.”
Steve was about to ask what he wanted when the man opened his mouth and cut him off.
Dum motioned to the newest addition in their cell. Bucky looked at the resistance fighter named Jacques Dernier who’d arrived two days after them.  He didn’t speak much English, but at Dugan’s wince of pain, he’d smirked.
not until it all comes crashing down.”
Steve could see that Tony wasn’t having it. “Good, then you won’t mind if I check.” Steve and the men around them watched as Tony bent Bucky’s head to the side and studied his neck before grabbing the sleeves of his shirt and rolling them up. “Are you fucking kidding me? There are marks all over you. Those fuckers aren’t dead enough.”
He’d also accepted that he would be alone and hoped that with enough work, his love for Steve and Bucky would shift to a more appropriate form of affection. He couldn’t risk otherwise.
Tony and Bruce had started work not long after, calling in favors from specialists and colleagues around the world while keeping Barnes’s name out of it. It wouldn’t do for the world to learn about him before he was ready to take that on and consciously defend himself. Tony could help there too.
Tony was writhing and moaning under him, but Steve kept him still and silenced him with a kiss. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Steve knew he should be careful, and he was trying to be, but the restless, caged part of him was rejoicing. This was so damn good, and Steve felt drunk with it. Tony’s nails digging into him were better than any caress, and the choked gasps against his lips sounded sweeter than any symphony Steve had ever heard.
Who's strong and brave here to save the American way? You know who! Steve becomes a star, or he tries, at least. Tony tries to hold on as he plans for the inevitable while never leaving Steve's side. Bucky is slowly being conditioned to the horrors of war. In the present Steve and Bucky have a conversation that helps them focus on something better than the events of the night.
“You were already up!” Bucky snapped. “And making yourself a sandwich. One more wouldn’t have killed you.”
“Sorry. Pulled a marathon in the lab. Almost forgot I had an appointment with Strange this morning.”
“Huh?” Tony asked distractedly from where he’d been rifling through the pages as he walked. Tony was always restless these days. “Whose day?”
The men just huffed in equal parts nerves and amazement. Morita finally asked, “Do you have anything else you needed done, Captain?”
Bucky nodded. “I promise.”
“It’s a surprise, so SURPRISE!” He waved his hands, brandishing the spoon he’d been using and smiling at their shared looks of disbelief.
He didn’t know what to do about the way she looked at him then. He had the strangest feeling that she…and he was kind of flattered, but that wasn’t a possibility. Maybe in some other time he could have cared for her that way.
Tony walked away without a backwards glance. The key to a good lie was confidence, and Tony knew the man had no say over Steve’s personal anything in the first place.
He felt Steve’s hand slide across his cheek to hold his face. “Look at me, Bucky.”
The sounds of someone entering the room filled him with fear, but he couldn’t move. The restraints on the table did their job of holding him down very well. They held him down, trapped in his pain, confusion and body fluids. At least he’d become too dehydrated to piss on himself again. He could still hear the person in the room, along with the scraping and crashing noises of things being moved quickly.
At some point Bucky had squeezed his way onto the couch on Tony’s other side. All of them leaning back with their feet on the worn table in front of them as they continued to joke and laugh in the dimly lit room.
“Tie the rope tight!” Tony called again as he grabbed Bucky’s arm with the hand that wasn’t holding the rope and began pulling him back towards a set of stairs that would lead them toward the ceiling. They began to climb.
Steve diplomatically answered, “Just get us as close as you can. We’ll find our way from there.” He looked to Howard at the front, then to Agent Carter. “You two are going to be in a lot of trouble when you land.”
After a few more slow thrusts, Steve groaned in a raw voice beneath him, “Fuck, Please…please fuck me…I need it…I need…”
“Thank you, Colonel,” Tony told him sincerely as he reached out, and the man shook his hand. “Really, thank you.”
Steve just nodded, knowing full well there was no ‘if’ he would be sick again.
“Yes, daddy,” Bucky moaned as Tony thrust in harder. Tony saw his arms tighten around Steve, obeying his order.
“Ready, sir.” It was all he could say under the weight he was carrying.
“No, I’m honest.” Erskine stated as they arrived in front of a large imposing metal door.
“Sometimes, I really hate the thought of this world,” Gabe sighed.
Bucky huffed tiredly, “Even if you did, I wouldn’t have gotten it. Reliable mail is almost impossible at the front.”
Tony smiled and winked, “Even better now that you’re here, mio caro.”
He looked to Steve. “What you are experiencing has very similar themes to a tale I heard in my youth. My mother had taught it to my brother and I as a lesson on caution when dealing with those who possess great power in the mystic arts. The spell that was used in the story left a very specific mark upon those involved. There is a way to test this.”
“Sorry, doll,” he murmured, almost forgetting the other people in the room. It had been so long since Steve’s eyes had shown with that brilliant light, and Bucky knew he was the cause for both its absence and return. “I’ll be good,” he said without thinking, and Steve’s breath hitched.
“I’m leaving anyway,” Tony said, trying to stop Clint’s rambling and handed him his precious coffee mug. “Here's your precious mug, just clean it.”
His world had narrowed down to pure sensation as the blood pumped through his veins, and his breath left him in a series of pants and moans. He was stretched open so perfectly as his Daddy continued to gently fill him. The harsher moans above him along with the sound of slapping skin let him know that Steve was making sure he got what he needed.
“I wasn’t going to,” he said easily, “but when I brought it to the doctor’s attention, well, let’s just say it was the most upset I’d ever seen the man. He told me, point blank, that if I didn’t accept you so that you could help him, he would walk away, and I could finish the project myself.”
And Tony watched as the man deflated before his eyes. Just another bully who’d lost his power.
Comments and kudos give me life!
Steve grabbed his hand. “I don’t know what that means, Buck, but I’m pretty sure I would hate it. You wouldn’t be my Bucky.”
Well, they finally kissed! And then some. For any of you who feel that Bucky's submissive side wouldn't let him take the leap and kiss Tony, remember that he also did it for Steve, and this wasn't actually about sex. For Bucky, loving Tony was just another secret he'd have to keep in his life, and that thought made him desperate. He even said his biggest fear was having Tony then losing him. If Tony outright rejected him, it would hurt, but I think Bucky could have moved on easier from that. His fear at the end of the chapter showed this when he believed Tony would push him away.
“I’m sorry, Stevie,” he began, but Steve cut him off with a kiss. It wasn’t heated and didn’t last long, but it was enough to stop Bucky’s downward thoughts.
Even then, Steve had seen a spark of something in Bucky’s eyes as he’d looked at them. It had reminded Steve of that same amazement Bucky used to have when they were young.
“You’re not in the way.” Steve said at the sink, “You’re a friend.”
He concentrated on his plate as the others carried on their conversation around him. They were all so different. Each personality stood out from the others in a study of contrasts. They were loud, ridiculous, sharp, kind, soothing, practical, inventive, honest and so many things that Bucky could not bring himself to be. Not yet.
He never liked it when Steve got into fights. Steve had looked so small.
Steve and Bucky looked stunned.
Steve stared at Bucky, stunned by everything that had been said. It was like they were teenagers again, and Bucky had just given him a good dose of tough love through the verbal equivalent of a swift kick in the ass. And it helped. It helped because Steve had spoken his piece, and Bucky had listened. Bucky, who was the only one who could have broken through Steve’s walls enough to get the words from him in the first place. Bucky, who was the only one who could absolve Steve from the weight of what he’d been feeling.
“I need to hear a yes, Bucky.”
As he saw the cannon move to aim towards himself and the remaining men, Bucky yelled, “DOWN!” before he turned and pushed the other two men back into the foxhole.
if you were the one saying it, but I didn’t mean to yell. I shouldn’t have yelled.”
Tony returned to the bed and deposited the supplies. He reached over to run his fingers through Bucky’s hair; his sweet boy pushing into the contact like a cat being petted. “I’m gonna make you feel so good, sweetheart. You won’t be able to think of anything but how much we love you.”
Bucky himself had already told Steve that he didn’t remember much about them. He also told him that what he did remember was like a shadow of someone else’s life.
care.” He said as he seemed to struggle for words. “I just don’t know what else I’m supposed to say, Steve. I know
Tony didn’t want Steve to think he was pitying him because he wasn’t. He’d just rather keep Steve company than dance with Louise, and that realization made his stomach drop. Louise was beautiful in her own way. Soft and graceful, funny and kind, he should want to be holding her on the dance floor. He should be flirting and making her laugh that cute giggle of hers, but he didn’t really want to. Not enough to leave Steve, anyways.
Tony realized that he was describing himself from before his kidnapping. It was men like he used to be that ordered this, men like Obadiah and countless others. The world never seemed to run out of men like them, so blind and entitled and greedy.
Bucky had never seen the look Tony now wore on his face as he choked the other man. It was pure hate. Tony’s voice had been so cold as he threatened Joe who was trying and failing to loosen Tony’s grip. Tony never budged.
“Dammit Tash! Stop doing that!” He whined as he rubbed the back of his skull.
Tony sagged against the back of the booth and looked up to the ceiling. It was so surreal to be called out on this. He’d spent the past two years pretending to be what he is and knowing he had to keep this secret, and here was this man telling him point blank that he saw through the charade.
But James was crossing over to his best friend, Tony all but forgotten, he grabbed at Steve’s jaw. “Dammit! Can’t you walk out the house without gettin’ a beating?”
He flinched when he felt a hand on the center of his chest, and his eyes snapped down to meet Steve’s who quickly pulled his hand back a few inches but was still so much closer than Tony was used to.
Steve blushed at the words. Tony didn’t know if it was because of the compliment or the word sexy. Either way, the effect was flattering. His high cheekbones tinted pink under those big blue eyes surrounded by thick lashes, and Tony stopped the thought right there. That was not appropriate. Bad Tony.
He huffed to himself. That bullshit wouldn't work.
Bucky stared at the dark ceiling above his head in a state of shock for the second time that night. He loved Tony. Not the same way he loved Steve, but not the way he would if Tony were just his friend. Was it possible to love two people at once? It didn’t feel right, like he was betraying Steve. God, what was wrong with him? Was this connected to how messed up he was? Was he that much of a freak? Then again, Bucky had to admit that he’d maybe been in denial about how he felt, and he knew why.
**^**
An alarm in Tony’s brain began to wail out a warning. The sweetness in her voice made his balls tighten like they were trying to climb up into him and hide. Tony tried at charming nonchalance.
They had to move faster. Bucky was moving a little on his own, but the whole place was on fire and coming down around them. Steve looked around desperately for their safest way out and saw a walkway that led to the other side of the factory suspended over the flames. “This way,” he told his partners as he grabbed Bucky’s arm again.
He could kiss them, fondle them and rub against them, but Tony drew the line at second base. That mouth and dick belonged to him and Steve, and he would not budge an inch on this. He didn’t care if he had to spread it around the neighborhood that they’d found religion and were now saving themselves for marriage, or whatever.
Tony sighed as he readied himself for this conversation before getting up and giving Steve his tray. “Well, I better go make nice. Do me a favor and finish this, Cap,” he said as he handed Steve his mostly untouched food. “Gabe brought it all the way over here, and I’d hate to see it go to waste. Besides, you could probably use the calories.”
If Steve was being completely honest with himself, he knew that Tony did not need his protection when it came to a fight. Hell, Tony had been training
“Tony, it’s got blood all over the front of it,” Bucky said quietly, “and it’ll be much easier to clean and bandage the cut without the shirt in the way.”
“Steve. Steve!” Bucky’s voice was still beside him growing even more panicked. “Steve, what’s going on? What’s the ma—aahhh…”
As he continued to watch Bucky remove his shirt and reveal that gorgeous skin of his, he felt Steve’s hand slide up along his chest and the length of his neck to reach the back of his head. Tony felt as Steve’s fingers closed around a portion of hair and gripped tight before pulling back to stretch out his neck and make him look at the ceiling. Tony now knew what scenario Steve had planned, and he was more than happy with it.
“Always.” And Bucky
“Pearl Harbor happened.” Steve said harshly, too upset by the recent memories to keep his usual steady voice.
“I’ll be right back, Tony,” Steve promised as he began moving to the door. “I just have to go to the phone bank in the lobby and get a message to him. The clerks at the base’s office will be able to pass along the message. I had to tell them it was a family emergency the first time so hopefully they’ll remember.”
He guessed they felt pretty bad for not being able to help because they scrounged up a little money for him. They even offered to let him stay for a while, but Tony shut that down with a terse ‘no, thank you’. Steve and James had told him he was welcome to stay for a while, and he would gladly take them up on that if it meant he didn’t have to stay in magic central. It didn’t matter what time period he was in; that place made his skin crawl.
“You feel so good around me, sweetie,” Daddy groaned near his lips. His breath filled Bucky’s lungs and became his own as his hips ground deeper into him. “So good. So sweet and tight.”
What Steve had said about wanting the pain to stop had also hit a little too close to what he’d been feeling, ever since the voice in his head had started shouting all of those hurtful things at him. Like when it told him to…
“Tony, there’s no condom!” He didn’t even know how slick Tony still was.
as an answer. Maybe in few months at the Stark expo.”
Bucky came in carrying a plate of sandwiches and a glass of milk. “The only demands that matter right now are ours. You stay put ‘til that wound closes, or I’ll tie you down.”
“I do,” Steve admitted as his fingers continued their caresses on Bucky’s scalp, “Just like I still love you.”
‘No, sir,” Steve panted. “I can take more. Please.” He needed Tony to fuck him. Tony was so thick that sometimes Steve himself couldn’t believe he could fit inside of him. It was an exquisite kind of almost pain when Tony claimed him.
“Well, I must say that once again Barnes, I am impressed, but don’t think I won’t be watching you more carefully now. ” Tony shook his head as he grabbed his glass to finish off his wine.
Everyone had always expected the same of Tony, and it was bullshit. He was perfectly capable of respecting the genius of other people because he knew how it felt to be treated otherwise.
“Are you kidding me?” Tony hissed. “Your and Bucky’s Brooklyn drawl is one of things I love about you two. Screw Jacobson. If he has a problem with it, that’s what it is, his problem. He can grunt and groan all he wants, Steve, but there’s little else he can do.”
Tony was sore and getting the shirt on took more effort than usual, but he did it. He touched Bucky’s back to signal he was finished. The younger man just turned around and led him to the bed. Steve came back as he was settling under the covers and handed him a glass of water and some pain relievers.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up because it was rare that he was called out on his bullshit. Though, he grudgingly admitted that it was usually Steve who did it.
“Comin’ from you that’s awful rich, Stevie.”
The kitchen was quiet for a moment, but thankfully, no one mentioned his slip, and Bruce just said, “I’m glad to hear it. If it starts to bother you, I’ve got more pain medication to help with that.”
“Of course, Ms. Romanoff.”
Bucky’s confusion grew. “Why do you need to apologize?”
Suddenly from the other direction, lights appeared on the road. It looked like a supply convoy as trucks rumbled closer to their position in the tree line.
Bucky rushed to grab Dugan’s arm and hold him back. The last thing they needed was for Dum-Dum to beat the guy senseless, no matter how satisfying it would be.
Tony asked, “Ok, so what would you like to talk about first?”
Tony joined his steps immediately, but Phillips’s voice rang out. “Stark, I still want to know what the hell you’re doing in my camp. Enough of your crap.”
Tony wanted to say that he’d built far more impressive robots than the little wind-up toys he’d thrown together, but of course, he couldn’t. “I just appreciate your help with this. I’d have probably thrown my back out if I’d tried to carry it by myself.”
“Really, Tony?” Bucky asked, “What the hell have you been sayin’ now?”
Something was nagging at the back of Steve’s brain, but he was soon too preoccupied with the reports some of the soldiers came to give him about the number of men that were in the convoy. It seemed a staggering amount to Steve, and he was grateful for every single person that had been saved. Others told him the supplies they had, including blankets, bandages, medications, rations, water, fuel, weapons, and ammunition.
The thought of winter made him think of Steve, and of course Tony, as he hoped his partners were doing alright. Mail service was very unreliable, and Bucky never stayed in any place for too long, so he was very behind on news from home. He knew that Tony would take care of Steve though. It gave him comfort that at least he didn’t have to worry about Steve starving or dying from illness with Tony looking out for him.
“Don’t you even think I’m gonna let you near my baby sisters, you crazy Irishman.” Gabe said good-naturedly.
“I know you’re upset, Tony,” Steve said quietly, “But you didn’t have to yell at the man. He’s entitled to his opinion.” Tony huffed as he resumed rubbing his hand and tapping his foot. “You could try to relax. This isn’t going to be like the last time you were in this situation. I won’t let that happen.”
“Hey, hey, hey. Barnes,” Anthony Stark was talking, but it was scared. It could hear the electric machines in the room, and it couldn’t comply with orders it didn’t understand.
This position really only worked because Steve was so small, but Tony loved it. He got to see both of their faces as he fucked Bucky. “Fuck yourself on him, baby. Take him all the way down.”
He took another drag and held it in as the pain in his hand grew more intense.
Bucky nodded along with Steve, less embarrassed about this fact than he would have been before Tony explained it better to him.
After Steve had admitted that he’d want to top Tony, and they’d continue to discuss the things they all liked, Tony had given Steve several do’s and likes that cranked his arousal. He wondered how far Steve would take it. He hoped pretty far. The hair pulling was just the beginning, and Tony found himself increasingly ready to be used and ordered around. He followed Steve’s orders on the battlefield, why not the bedroom?
At that moment Gianetta appeared through the curtain, smiling professionally as she approached the table. “Good evening, gentlemen. I am Gianetta. It is my pleasure to serve you this evening. May I get you started with a drink?”
“Then how…when?” James tried to ask, and oh, what a story that was.
Tony tried to reign in his excitement at the fact that the scientist was going to help, especially when he didn’t know what he’d have to answer. “What do you want to know?” He asked warily.
Finally, they saw the gate that marked the entrance to the camp and allied territory, and Steve knew he wasn’t the only one who breathed a sigh of relief. The soldiers at the gate and beyond were shouting about their return as the way was opened for them. Soldiers were running towards them as they marched into camp, and before long Steve could see Agent Carter quickly moving to them.
Bucky sighed as he looked at the cloud covered moon. Anything was better than the thoughts in his head. “What kind of story do you want?”
“Well, yeah,” Tony said, adorably confused at their disbelief. “I wouldn’t offer if I wasn’t serious. I just need to go to the bank and get some funds transferred over the wire. Then, we’ll go to the hotel and get rooms so we can put our bags down. We can even try to get one close to that pub you like, Dugan. You know, so we don’t have too far to carry you back after you’re too drunk to stand?”
“The reference isn’t what’s important right now, Cap.” Sam said as he turned to (apparently) his lover with a look that clearly read as
Tony answered after sipping his water. “It’s like how we eat at home. Each of us sharing the same food. It lets us order a variety so we can try different things.”
“Well, that was certainly an experience,” Tony said as they entered their room. “I thought I could drink back in the day, but some of those guys could put me to shame.”
Tony paused in his steps up the flight of stairs that led to their apartment. Fuck, he’d been so eager for the job that he didn’t actually know how much he was now getting paid.
Bucky nodded. “He said he’ll have everythin’ set up for us so you better start getting ready, or we’re gonna be late.” He raised his eyebrows in an “I dare you
“Then, I’ll go to the hospital and make sure everything there is working right.” Tony said as he checked the heated pan in front of him. “I went yesterday and fixed a couple minor things, but I’m supposed to look in regularly.”
Dugan shrugged. “Always been better with my fists than my head.”
“I’ve listened to the reports of the Captain, Agent Carter, Howard Stark and several of the rescued officers. They each told their observations and detailed the assistance you provided to Captain Rogers and the prisoners that were freed. So, after hearing all of that, I’ve just got one thing to ask. Who the hell are you, Stark?”
“I could also swear,” Tony steamrolled over him, “that I knew the butcher suspected his wife’s infidelity and was looking for some proof. Have you seen that guy? His arms are thicker than my thighs. We had a long chat while I was fixing his freezer, and believe me, he’s got a hell of a beatdown coming for the guy fucking his wife. Whatever kind of idiot would be stupid enough to do that because God knows the man doesn’t mind the sight of blood.”
God, he was tired. Tired of being scarred. Tired of being broken. Tired of the voice that was never quiet in his mind. He just wanted to sleep.
She was lovely, though. Maybe he should go out and live a little. “May I know your name?”
is on me. We don’t even know where in our past Tony is right now, but we know where we’ll be soon enough. I’ll be fighting to save the world against Hydra, but I won’t even realize that the man I love needs my help too. And I’ll fail him. First, I’ll fail you on that train, then I’ll fail him when I crash that plane into the arctic.”
“He survived because he’s one of the strongest people I’ve known.” Steve continued, “We’re gonna have to take care of him.”
Thor turned to him angrily. “I merely confirmed my suspicions. This is no simple spell! This is not a glamour or a trick, Wilson. This is powerful and ancient magic. Magic that has pierced through the veil of time in this dimension to specifically place Stark in the lives of Steven and James. I can feel it within the Captain; even after so many years, the bonding mark is still there.”
Tony scoffed, “Baby boy, if you think I’m not going to find a way to be there with you on this star-spangled tour of yours, you are out of your pretty little mind. I’m not leaving you, Steve.”
“Tony wake up!”
Steve wanted to yell
Psychologists even attributed the wheezing of an attack as a mental projection of a baby crying for its mother. So these doctors would basically talk to asthmatics about their problems as a treatment for a lung condition. And poor Steve was too impoverished to even afford that bullshit.
Steve nodded and looked like he was trying to stifle more laughter. “He’s asked her out at least a dozen times, and she’s never given him the time of day.”
As he watched Tony close his eyes and lay a kiss on his shoulder, Steve decided to trust that Tony was telling the truth, and he really was alright. He kissed the top of the other man’s head and thought of how thankful he was that Tony was here helping and encouraging him. Even if the man was reckless, Steve supposed that he hadn’t been wrong, and who was he to call someone reckless in the first place?
They rushed into the tent, moving past the other soldiers as they made their way to the colonel sitting at his desk.
Steve groaned in frustration. “You’re unbelievable.”
“Of course I do!”
He’d felt a little more than hypocritical when he’d been trying to talk Steve into a better headspace. What the hell did he know about being mentally healthy? Still, he’d meant what he’d said. Steve was carrying around too much on his shoulders, and even he wasn’t strong enough to do that forever. If they didn’t find a way to get Tony back…
“Not likely,” Bucky said, never looking up from the paper he was reading. “Tony never gets sick.”
He looked down to examine himself. The shallow slice was a dull red but had mostly clotted. There didn’t seem to be any infection as of yet. Bucky came forward with a tube of ointment and a small piece of gauze that he used to smear the salve across the wound. He gently laid another strip of gauze over the cut and began to wrap Tony up in a new strip of linen. Steve moved behind Tony to catch the cloth and pass it back around to Bucky; the two working quietly together.
A high pitched moan cut off her words, and Tony was now at full mast. Perfect.
“It’s probably a moot point anyway.” Tony shrugged. “I don’t see myself getting asked out again any time soon, but hope springs eternal!” He looked past them to the kitchen. “In the meantime I believe lunch is almost ready. Well, more like Christmas brunch.”
,” Steve spat the last word, “but he didn’t get the chance, and I’m fine.”
Steve just winked at him, and Tony knew he’d succeeded in reminding Steve of just who he really is.
Tony nodded. “Let me introduce Steve Rogers and James Barnes.” He said as he motioned to the two other men.
“You’re better off,” he repeated firmly. “Women like that aren’t worth the paper they stuff in their bras. Trust me.”
“You really think we’ll get to see somethin’ like that?” Bucky asked, eyes bright. Yep, he was definitely going to make an armored, flying car.
“Anything else?” Steve pressed because now that he was focusing on remembering and not trying to block everything out, all the pieces began falling into place, one after the other in order. His head even hurt less now that he wasn’t fighting it.
“Steve had hoped the sauce and baked bread smell would hide it from you.” Bucky grinned.
**Avengers Tower**
It didn’t know why it needed two designations. It was both Bucky and Barnes. It seemed unnecessary. It sat on the metal stool and removed its shirt, ready to comply. The one named Steve had asked that a Bucky not say those words, but it didn’t know why. It still thought them.
“Yes,” Tony groaned, his head pressing back into the pillow and eyes closing as he felt Bucky tug on his balls while he sucked along the head.
“A good man,” Howard said simply. There was no deceit or hidden meanings behind his words. He was stating a fact. Tony was a good man, plain and simple. “You’re not like me.”
“Tony is fine,” the brunet shrugged. “I don’t have a rank. I’m a civilian.”
As he turned around, he took in the wall of muscle that had him cornered in the small space. He was outnumbered, yes, but he would bet his entire savings that they were out-classed when it came to fighting. He’d trained with every member of the team for months and learned many different styles.
“I don’t have any family.” Tony answered truthfully. No matter the century, he was on his own.
Tony shrugged. “It’s a gift.”
Bucky’s chest warmed. He loved the affectionate name Tony had given him, like when Steve called him love. It made him feel special.
Romanoff and Barton were former SHIELD, and SHIELD was HYDRA. They still dressed the same as his former captors. They’d worked for and alongside them for years. Bucky could even now remember Romanoff’s voice on Rumlow’s phone as he’d spoken to her about an upcoming mission. The asset had been right there, listening to every word as its body ached from the punishment Rumlow had given. The asset had heard her many times...
“This ain’t none o’ your business, Mister. Why don’t you get the fuck outta here?” Joe the Cro-Magnon sneered.
Barnes was damn near untouchable in Tony’s tower. It was a fortress, and Tony was wealthy enough and connected enough to go toe-to-toe with the justice system, pentagon, Department of Defense or any other institution that would inevitably call for Barnes’s head. Tony’s lawyers were always on retainer and earned every cent Tony paid them.
They finally pulled up to the address Tony had given the driver. He paid and tipped the man before stepping out in front of the cozy Italian restaurant that would be their venue tonight.
“Of course,” Bucky drawled, “It’s a nice bar.”
Christmas had been as lovely as ever. Their traditional meal was served for lunch, and Tony shamelessly exploited every sprig of mistletoe that hung from their ceiling. It would be taken down soon, and he didn’t want to feel like any opportunity had been missed. Especially since Bucky would be leaving in a few weeks for training. Tony had not been at all OK when that letter to report had arrived, but they had gotten through it together.
So that happened. Firstly, the smut. I did my best. I tried to stay true to the dynamic. It's a fun challenge I set for myself making them all so different, haha. Oh, well, at least the plot is decent. Also, no, Tony did not enter physiological subspace. That is usually brought on by more pain than he experienced. I also didn't think it would be very realistic if he were brought into subspace one day after saying he'd never experienced it during his first scene with Steve being dominant. He did toe the line with physchological subspace, but as we saw, Steve was monitoring him closely and prevented him from fully going under. Which is the safe thing to do because Steve and Bucky are still new to this. Be safe kids!
Steve shrugged, “Well, it’s a fair. I’m gonna try my luck.”
“Thanks again for this, Tony,” Gabe said sincerely. “You didn’t have to do this, man.”
“No, it didn’t,” Phillips agreed, surprising Tony again. “I’m man enough to say when I’m wrong. I’ve already done it with Rogers, and it’s your turn. You shouldn’t have been dismissed from the SSR. You and the doctor were both right about you having useful skills that could help. Now I’m asking who you are, so that I can decide where you can help the most.”
“Si!” The good natured man nodded as he pulled away. “A surprise dinner before James goes to learn to fight the bastard Nazis and that fascista pezzo di merda that has ruined my beloved Italia. Mussolini,” he made a spitting motion to the side, “to believe he has done this to my home country.”
“That depends, gorgeous,” Tony answered deeply, “Is it working?”
James, seventeen at the time, had quit in his last year of school to get a job to pay the rent, but had insisted Steve finish his education, having said that Steve had always been the brains anyway. Steve had found odd jobs on weekends and holidays to help, eventually learning that he could sell his art to a very specific clientele. It had especially helped in paying for Steve’s medicine and doctor’s bills.
He sat down with a groan as he leaned back against the cushions. The silence was too heavy for Tony so he finally asked what he’d been wondering the whole walk home. “How did you two find me? What were you doing there?”
“Jesus, Tony.” “Oh, my God.”
Steve and Bucky followed before stopping between him and the tree, both looking like they weren’t really sure what to do now.
“Colonel Phillips…”
Giving him a thoughtful smile, Erskine murmured, “What an interesting young man,” as he continued in the direction Steve had just disappeared to.
And it hurt, it hurt every time Bucky talked about himself that way. “There’s nothin’ wrong with you, Buck. You’re just different.”
Things were looking pretty dark for Tony, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to give in to panic. Because in the darkness of his life right now, there were two sources of light, and they were sleeping in the next room on matching twin beds.
Tony watched as Bucky turned before heading over to the enlistment office. Tony hurried around through the crowd to a side entrance to make sure this was happening correctly. His heart was pounding. He’d already told Erskine this was the night, but Tony couldn’t really tell him much more than that because he didn’t have anything to tell. He was going in blind. If Howard had known how Steve met Erskine, he’d never shared it with Tony growing up, and he sure as hell didn’t bother to ask Steve when he’d come to live in the tower. Looking back on that, Tony really has regrets.
, and work on it until it could fly. If Bucky wanted a flying car, Tony would give him one. With missiles and a link to JARVIS.
He was still walking, calculations flying through his mind, as he tried to change the laws of physics, and he thought of Steve and James. He was nearing their neighborhood. He’d have to tell them that he’d failed. He was stuck here, and he’d have to hope they were serious in their offer to let him stay with them for a while.
I hope this will help with any confusion. Exposition is hard to write into dialogue while being true to characters. If you still have questions, you know where to find me :)
Bucky mumbled something, presumably against Steve’s skin before he said more clearly, “I know, doll. That’s why I was so loud with Marie that night. I wanted you to hear. Did you get hard Stevie? Were you thinkin’ of me touchin’ you? Kissing you? Doing it just like you tell me to.”
Steve looked to his side, and sure enough, Tony was still wearing those glasses.
Tony was surprised to find that Steve was a grower. He had average girth, but the length had to be at least 7 ½ inches. Maybe eight. Not that it was important, but damn, what a bonus.
“I should have just let you ride me.” Steve said stubbornly.
“I don’t have to have a lot of manners to have more than you, Buck. Your elbows are on the table, and you’re not even eatin’ yet.”
Their trip back to the apartment was filled with happy conversation on the dinner they’d just eaten. When they’d finally arrived back home, Steve and Bucky turned to him once the door was closed.
Bucky’s brow scrunched, “But you’re…”
They were still looking at him like he’d grown a second head. It was James that spoke first.
He saw it all in his mind, the wheel put into motion, and it wouldn’t be stopped. He thought of his boys.
Steve’s everything hurt. Everything. He could barely move as he laid on his bunk in the barracks where he stayed with the other soldiers who were also candidates for whatever project Erskine and Tony were working on. Steve also heard that Howard Stark himself was involved with the project.
Tony went closer to look at it’s contents as Bucky moved a pot to the sink and poured some pasta into a colander. “Is that what I think it is?”
“Well, what is this called? The three of us, does it have a name?”
He’d even given up on his trademark Van Dyke and had let his beard grow in over his cheeks. He looked a bit rugged if he was being honest with himself. He also knew he would be less recognizable in any photos that managed to survive the passing decades. If he was going to be straddling the line of participating in historical events, he may as well try not to look too much like himself. His plan was risky enough as it was.
Bucky was shaking as he began to apologize, over and over, the word sorry fell from his lips as he sobbed and seemed to realize everything he had done to Steve and the guilt it now caused him. It made Steve want to scream because Bucky was innocent in this. Steve was the one who’d failed
Tony and Erskine gave her their drink orders, and as she went away to collect them, Tony picked up a menu.
“That’s our good boy.” The words were panted over him. “Daddy’s going to fill you up.”
Tony nodded. “As soon as you’re finished, Cap, we’ll begin.”
“Love you…we’re yours.” Bucky gasped at a particularly brutal thrust. “Promise…we’re yours.”
It was getting harder for them. Bucky thought about how it was funny, the things you began to miss in this place. The war was awful, but at least you were outside. You were able to see grass and trees, feel the sun on your skin. He’d never thought about those things before, but he did now. He was sick of concrete and metal and darkness and eating slop while still being hungry.
The younger man looked up to meet his gaze. Under a worried brow, clear blue eyes shone with a brightness that the wine had given them. “I’m sorry,” Steve breathed. They were so close.
So Steve gave Bucky what he needed and kept the focus on him. “I don’t need anyone to take care of me.” Steve huffed.
The other man nodded. “Yes, there is a nice diner not far from here. I sometimes go there when I need a break from the walls of my apartment.”
Crap, when had Philips walked in?
“They look like they’ve been through hell,” Steve said sadly, thinking of Bucky.
The cold was not doing him any favors. He never realized how much shivering affected your stomach muscles, and his healing wound was really starting to itch. At least he was out of the apartment.
“That’s why they deserve it.” Michael said simply. “Those two don’t have a bad spot in em’. It’s good to know someone’s lookin’ out for them. Merry Christmas, Tony.”
Tony asked, amused, “I thought you said you’d trust them with your life?”
Tony could respect that.
As they both nodded, he continued, “It’s about the same reason. I’m officially a consultant to a special branch of the army that is led by that colonel. They just want to be able to use my brain if they ever need to.” He tried to say the words casually like it was probably never going to happen, and they shouldn’t worry.
It was quiet for a while. None of them really knowing where to go from there until Steve timidly reached an arm out and drew him into a hug. Bucky followed almost immediately. After a moment Tony melted into them, taking in their silent comfort that was better than any words could ever be as they reassured him that he was safe. He wasn’t alone. He wasn’t being judged.
Honestly, he and Bucky had been worried for the past few weeks. There was something off about Tony’s behavior, more than the usual quirks and peculiarities that they’d come to associate with him.
“I wish you could see how you look, Buck. Your lips around my dick, taking it all down your throat. So good.” Steve grunted “ Take it all. That girl had your dick in her, and you’re gonna show me how much more you’d rather have mine in you.”
He watched as Howard breathed deeply, then repeated the action. Looking less angry his young father finally spoke. His voice was begrudgingly reasonable. “I suppose in light of those concerns, it shouldn’t delay us too much if we ran over the tests again.”
It was like the closer they’d gotten to Italy; the worse Tony’s mood became. Steve knew Tony had bad experiences with war zones, but he couldn’t say much more at the moment to help soothe his anxiety. “I doubt we’ll run into trouble,” he added.
“No!” Both men said together. Steve’s words rushed out, “I didn’t mean it like that! Of course you’re welcome here, I just didn’t think you’d want to stay because of what he said. You heard them the day we met. And the same thing today, most people wouldn’t… I mean I’m
“Well,” Steve said, “why don’t we go home, and we’ll tell you all about them.”
“We know that wherever Stark is,” Natasha said as she bent to pick up Tony’s cell phone, “he didn’t go there willingly. He’d never just misplace his phone. This thing’s like a piece of his arm.”
Bucky almost felt small next to him as he tried to move closer, breathing in the familiar scent of Steve, his Stevie, his best friend. How could he have forgotten? How could he let them take this from him? He should have fought harder. He should have remembered. He should have…
Bucky made a silent promise to try to not give up on himself either. After all, he had to at least try.
Daddy continued to clean every inch of him down to the soles of his feet, and Steve continued to kiss and gently rub against him. Bucky could feel the blonde’s arousal against his back, just like he felt his Daddy’s in front of him as he was cleaned. Bucky was fine with ignoring his own for the moment. He was supposed to be good and let them bathe him, so he allowed himself to drift under their attention.
He had to save them. He didn’t know how, not yet, but as he thought about it in the quiet darkness of their bedroom, several different ideas began to form in his mind. And hell, if all else failed he’d find his own way to Europe and fight his way to the front lines.
“Well, yes.” Obviously. No need for that boner killer.
“Don’t think of it as trying to fix yourself.” Steve told him as he gently pressed a kiss to the side of his head. “Just think of it as getting through until tomorrow. Nothing major needs to be solved. Just make a promise to yourself that you will get through the day and remember that I promise to be here to help you through it.”
Bucky bit his bottom lip, looking doubtful. “It was only right. Especially after you helped Steve.”
“Probably not long,” Steve answered. “The President was right. The people have already decided. We’ll be at war soon.”
Steve’s face became filled with empathy. “Me too. Sometimes I can picture him in the audience, laughing at me as I move on stage saying all that crap.”
Sam spoke next. “So, about Tony, what’s he doing in your latest batch of memories?”
He thought about his lovers. They were probably eating dinner right about now. Steve would have made something delicious. Tony might have helped him with it if he made it home early enough, but Bucky doubted it. From the letters he’d received, Bucky had gotten the impression that Tony was working himself ragged with everything he was juggling. The worst of it seemed to stem from whatever secret consulting work he was doing.
Tony smiled. “Whatever you want, baby. We’ll make it work.”
Erskine looked further disappointed, but this time Tony knew it wasn’t at Tony’s lack of respect. It was directed at Howard. “I am truly sorry to hear that.”
Tony would admit that the fact that they both made it to the ground without being shot out of the sky was amazing. Well, they technically both got caught up in the trees, but it was easy enough to get themselves down.
Lucille and her girlfriends showed up after that to fret over Tony, and while he was thankful for their concern and usually would have loved the company of three pretty ladies to talk to, he was also getting very tired by the time their goodbyes were being said.  He was grateful when he was finally alone with Steve, and the knowledge that it was now too late for other people to stop by unexpectedly only added to his gratitude.
This was what war was?
“Can I help you, Sergeant Barnes?” JARVIS asked politely from wherever he was.
I know everyone is prepared for heartbreak, and there is of course some angsty moments, but I'd like to think there is an equal amount of good times to be had in this chapter. Hope you guys enjoy because the war truly begins for everyone next chapter.
Bucky moved farther up to the head of the bed. He turned to bend over on his knees as he rested his head on his folded arms. As he watched, Tony realized he needed this. Both of them following his orders and giving him control. Everything had felt so beyond his control this week that the realization of this being something he
“No trouble at all.” Michael waved it off. He was good man who worked hard for his family, and from what Tony had seen, he was a good father to his children who seemed to adore him.
Tony smiled, those crinkles returning for Bucky to see, and said, “Of course, sweetheart, I love you.”
He hadn’t wanted to startle Bucky and trigger his fighting instincts as he stopped at the doorway, but Bucky must have sensed him anyway. He watched the distraught brunet spin around in a defensive stance. Wild, tear filled eyes met his, and he heard the uncertainty in his own voice as he softly called out, “Bucky?”
A blush tinted Bucky’s cheeks, but he didn’t look away. “Is that why you didn’t deck me one just now?” He asked defensively. “ Because you already knew I was a
Steve cleared his throat. “I, uh, I like both too. I mean I usually top?” He said the word like he wasn’t too familiar with the term. “But what I like best is givin’ Bucky what he wants.” He shrugged, blushing. “I like feeling useful.”
Tony’s hand was vicious as he delivered a well-placed slap to the fleshiest part of Steve’s thigh. Steve cried out as his eyes clenched shut. He was left alone to breathe through it.
It was Steve. God, he was small. Tony had seen pictures. They all had. They’d even been to that exhibit at the Smithsonian, but it was just too surreal seeing it with his own eyes. He felt like he towered over the smaller man. Steve’s shoulders were hunched in, not like the broad confident soldier he lived and fought with, and his breath was coming out with a little wheezing noise.
Steve pulled back to look at him. “It won’t happen, love. You know Tony would move heaven and earth to get back to us. He’s not going to go through all of that just to change his mind about you when he gets home. What did Tony tell you the night of our first date? When you thanked him for being patient?”
Tony and the boys are finally getting to the historical parts of history. The changes this brings will be felt by all of them. In the present Steve tries to talk Bucky down after his episode, and he receives help from an unexpected source.
“Stop, I yield!” Tony raised his hands and jokingly surrendered.
As his feet climbed the steps, thoughts and images swam in his mind.
Steve took a steadying breath, then another. Just describe what he wanted. He could that. “I want to know what it feels like to have you focus on me. You’re so smart and strong and confident, and I…I thought about you holding me down and
Also, my grammar is not usually this poor, but you try writing a Brooklyn accent without cutting off a letter at the end of a word every now and then.
*Bucky’s POV*
He then heard Steve give a small cough in his sleep, and Bucky’s mind snapped back to reality. Bucky was with Steve! He loved Steve! And if he kept indulging this warped side of his nature, he could end up losing both men.
That was when they arrived at the cage elevator that would take them up to their floors, and Bucky felt his breathing begin to quicken as he looked at the small space behind the bars before they were opened by the operator inside. He suspected he wasn’t the only one feeling that trapped sensation as his skin began to itch uncomfortably at the thought of stepping in. The man who worked the elevator stood, watching them expectantly, but Bucky just couldn’t seem to make himself go forward. He’d just gotten out of a cage.
Lastly, Bucky was in trouble. He knew this. His sweet boy needed him, and there was nothing he could do about it. His frustration and fear had been steadily growing, and he knew Steve was worried about him. Tony had debated with himself at length over telling the blonde, but how would he do that?
They began to walk to their usual private room in the back. “There’s nothing to forgive, mio amico. You have good reason to worry. How is your brother? Have you heard from him again?”
“…is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men,” Steve finished for him. “Ezekiel 25:17.”
Bucky made a choked off sound and nodded. “Yes. Please.”
“Not just yet,” Steve smirked and got up to walk to the oven. “There’s one more thing,” he added before he opened it and pulled out-
“You really like your secrets, huh, Stark?” Phillips frowned.
Steve felt his throat squeeze tight. That was Bucky, Brooklyn drawl and everything. He forced himself to reign in the emotions that flooded him. Bucky reopened his eyes, and the familiar blankness was still there. Nothing on the surface had changed.
“Calm down, love,” Steve said as he felt the blonde’s strong hands turn his twitching body over onto his back. “We have you.”
“You fell for him too, so don’t be so surprised. How could I not?” He asked pointedly. “He’s kind, smart, funny and pretty easy on the eyes.” Bucky coughed, looking slightly embarrassed. “But what really did it was how good he is to you. Tony’s all aces when it comes to you, Stevie. I love how he takes care of you.”
Bucky smirked. “Any other languages you speak?”
It had been a great evening. The food was delicious, but the company was the best part of it. Tony couldn’t believe he got to have this.
They heard voices outside the tent getting louder, so Tony removed his hand and sat back on his cot. The future Commandos all came in at that moment. Dugan and Gabe each held a tray of food in their hands. As the others maneuvered the cramped space to their cots, they handed the food to Tony and Bucky before finding a way to their own.
He’d given it to Steve. It matched his eyes, alright?
la cucina-the kitchen
“If you could get it to work anything like ours,” Bucky smiled, “I’m sure she’ll be thrilled.”
The kind British-accented A.I. was quick to reply. “Indeed, Captain Rogers, he requested entry to sir’s workshop nine minutes ago. He is currently standing beside the table where maintenance is usually performed on his arm.”
To say that Tony was stunned was an understatement. He didn’t know how to respond to such a thing coming from any version of Howard. Still, he managed to ask, “Like you?”
He quickly shifted his stance as the other three rushed at him. Tony ducked low and rolled to the side, getting behind one of them. Jumping up he delivered two quick kidney jabs.
Bucky would happily take him up on that. “You got yourself a deal, pal.”
Steve felt stunned and was sure his face reflected that surprise. “Yes, how do you know that?”
“I really hadn’t planned this far ahead.” Bucky breathed. “I half expected you to punch me when I kissed you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I would dance with you.” She looked up shyly through her lashes.
“I’m fine.” He swore up and down, and Steve almost wanted to throttle him. He’d been cut open sixteen hours ago! And he still wouldn’t look directly at Steve when he spoke!
“Right. Try it again.” He said before snapping at the man working behind Steve. “No, Harvey, the banners go the other way. Use your head! This isn’t complicated, people. We have a show in less than seven hours! Rogers, from the top!”
“Let’s just be glad it worked,” Bucky answered, not needing to be reminded of what he’d done as he picked up a canteen from the body at his feet. He rifled through the man’s pack and found food rations along with a few hygiene supplies and a blanket. He grabbed one of the empty packs they’d brought with them and began to fill it with their spoils. He grabbed clean socks and,
The Tony on the screen slumped back in his chair and sighed.
Monty was the first the speak. “You are actually serious?”
The things he’d said to Steve, calling him a science experiment, saying it was the contents of a bottle that made him special, he’d never get to take that back. Even if he somehow managed to change future events, and Steve never had to actually hear those words, Tony had still said them. No, he couldn’t take it back, but he was thankful that he’d at least learned to do better.
Finally, Thor lifted his head and looked at Steve, his eyes filled with something he couldn’t place.
I do not believe in kink shaming. I believe in healthy communication between partners, unfortunately Bucky kink shames himself. I'm willing to bet Tony can make that better.
” Tony answered as he rose from his chair.
He stepped outside to see the colonel waiting for him as promised.
“I expect another pie to be baked by the time I get home tomorrow.”
Bucky answered for their reckless partner. “Tony’s been lookin’ out for us for years, and it’s kinda hard to stop him from doin’ what he wants, but I’m guessing he found a way to follow Steve here.”
“I love you,” Tony murmured against his mouth. His hands gently running up and down Steve’s spine. “I love you so much.”
Bucky heard the boy’s gleeful shout of “Thanks, Mister!” as they turned and kept walking toward the cinema. Tony was so generous. Bucky wondered if the man even realized how generous he was. That paper only cost a nickel, and Tony had given the boy a twenty-cent tip. Tony always did things like that. Always tipped everyone well above what would have been expected, like he had lived most of his life doing that and didn’t think twice about it.
“Yum,” Clint moaned as Sam and Bruce nodded in agreement.
“Fuck, Tony looks so good taking you.” Steve moaned as he ground his pelvis against Bucky’s face. He pulled back freeing himself and asked, “How’s his mouth, love?”
Still, it was the best conversation that they’d had with each other, and he didn’t know what to make of it.
Steve leaned closer to him and asked, “Fondue?”
Tony heart was racing as the man’s eyes focused on him with intent. He couldn’t know. How was this possible? Erskine was a man of science from the nineteen-forties, and there was no evidence anywhere that had ever suggested that he’d known about the mystical arts.
Steve closed his eyes, and let the memory of Tony’s song soothe him into a peaceful sleep.
She gave him another, smaller hug and whispered, “And I never will say. I promise.”
“You were saying?” Steve said dryly as he tried not to grin.
“As well as I can be,” she returned his smile.
Tony’s blood boiled in anger. This was so typical of Howard, and Tony had had to deal with this his whole life growing up. Howard hated sharing credit with anyone, just as he resented anyone who was brilliant enough to do something he hadn’t been able to think of first. Tony’s mind flashed to Hank Pym, among many others, who’d received the same treatment from Howard. Those interactions had created bad blood that had lasted long after Howard’s death.
“Then radio B company,” Bucky yelled as more explosions and shots rang out around them, “tell them we need cover!”
Tony didn’t like what it could mean for him in the long run, especially if he ultimately failed in his plans. He would not, however, think about that now. He couldn’t. In a month Bucky would go to war, and Steve would go to Camp Lehigh to train before being selected for Project Rebirth. Tony had to stay focused on everything in front of him. One slip up now, and it could all be ruined.
Did this feel rushed? If it did, my apologies. I just couldn't think of a more natural way of getting Tony to stay with the boys, short of having him live on the street or at a shelter while he slowly befriended them. I wanted to keep the plot moving because I already miss sarcastic, witty Tony.
Bucky stilled as Tony gently pushed into him, the stretch more noticeable this time around, but with the small thrusting movements he soon had both fully inside him. Tony started slowly, rotating his wrists every time he pulled out and pushed in again, increasing the pace in increments.
Their dates were pretty little things, both dressed nice with their hair done up. Bucky’s date was curvy with pale blonde hair. Steve’s was a  brunet who stood several inches taller than him. She also didn’t seem to be paying him any notice as Bucky and Marie? Marian? Went out to the dance floor.
(See the end of the chapter for
Growing up Tony spent most of his time away from home. He was usually at boarding school during the year, and he’d spend most of his summers at camps specifically geared towards science, mathematics and engineering. Then, there had been college when he’d turned fifteen.
The boys had continued with their tradition of gifting him with Isaac Asimov. Apparently, they were able to get their hands on that year’s April and May editions of Astounding Science Fiction. The April edition held the short story
“OK, so what would you like to talk about first?” He asked them because he knew they probably had some questions.
At that moment Colonel Philips entered the barracks. “On your feet, men!” He bellowed as Steve and everyone scrambled to attention. He wondered what fresh hell they were about to go through. Steve didn’t think he could take another surprise night-training session. Yeah, Bucky’s letters had definitely not shared the worst of his experiences during his training.
Bucky exhaled in relief as most of the others around him did the same, nodding that it was more than fine by them. Bucky would climb every stair in the building if it meant he didn’t have to get in that thing. When they reached the stairs and were further away from the people in the lobby, they finally began to speak.
“You musta been one hell of a kid, Tony.” Bucky muttered.
on behalf of the LGBT+ community.
“I don’t win every time.” Steve said as he rearranged his cards in his hand.
“Not in precisely those words,” JARVIS told him. “Those words were in reference to me.”
From beside him Steve asked, “Are you OK, Buck?”
They stayed like that for a long time. Each of them crying and supporting the other’s weight. Steve relished the feel of Bucky touching him, one warm flesh arm and one cool metal wrapped around his waist as he breathed in the scent of his hair where his head rested against Steve’s shoulder and neck.
“How do you know he wasn’t talking about my orders?” Steve said in mock offense. “We both know I’m more strict than you ever are with him.”
Tony shrugged because he couldn’t deny it. “Fair enough,” he agreed before he smirked at Steve. “It’s not like you’re any better than I am with that. You put the serve in service top.” He leaned forward and continued next to Steve’s ear, whispering darkly. “Besides, he’s not the only one that owns me, baby.”
Bucky smirked. He loved this game. “How about you buy me dinner, and we’ll see.”
Steve’s fingers were gentle, the long graceful hands of an artist. They felt cool against Tony’s skin as they traced over the scars. Tony almost shuddered when Bucky’s hand joined him, rough and warm and a deep contrast to Steve’s. It wasn’t sexual, but it was intimate. Tony both hated and craved it. He viciously forbid himself to cry. This was too much, and he was emotionally exhausted.
“You should listen to him about those things,” Steve sassed back, “Lord knows you don’t have any manners of your own, jerk.”
When the man stood before him, Steve felt his back straighten as he prepared to take responsibility for his actions. “Colonel Phillips, some of these men need medical attention," he took a breath, "and I’m ready to surrender myself for disciplinary action.”
It had come so naturally, too. He couldn’t recall having such an easy friendship. Rhodey was his best friend, for sure, but it was kept together mostly through Rhodey forgiving Tony of his shit and choosing to love him anyway.
that I don’t need all of this. I’m not going to stay here just because they don’t want to admit that they messed up.”
Steve ignored him. No matter what was happening right now, or where he would be going next, Steve would not miss the jerk. If Steve was being kicked out, he only hoped they would choose any of the other guys but that prick. He finished his task and struggled to sling his duffle over his shoulder, causing a few chuckles from around the room.
“Yes,” his German accent caught Tony’s attention. “I am quite alright,” he said ruefully, “but my research is another matter.”
have had a cracked rib or two. One of his hips and both shoulders had probably been partially pushed from their sockets, but he knew they hadn’t been completely dislocated.
“Tony, please. Never really liked the Stark.” It reminded him of Howard who, he was just realizing, was alive and younger than him right now. Weird. “And really it’s no big deal.”
Tony grabbed the gun that had belonged to the guard. “It feels pretty nice, right? Now let’s go.”
” Tony’s voice coldly cut him off. “
“Then why don’t you try to remember that this will help him and all our guys who are over there fighting. Ammunition, food, and medical supplies aren’t cheap.”
It had been seven weeks since he arrived, and each day seemed longer than the one before. He missed his partners. He missed home. It was evening as he laid down tiredly in his bunk. The shower he’d recently taken had washed away the sweat and grime, but it had done almost nothing to soothe his muscles. He’d really gotten spoiled to the shower that Tony had worked so hard to perfect in their apartment.
It hurt Tony to realize just how much it must cost Bucky to keep up the appearance of a carefree ladies man. The emotional toll of having to be with someone he wasn’t in love with and didn’t care about, all to help protect the one he loved.
He could be in trouble. He could be hurt. He could be…entering the apartment looking rumpled and
The other men nodded before they moved toward where Bucky and Tony rested on the ground. Steve watched as they chose the spots closest to Bucky, surrounding him in a circle of their laid-out bodies. Protecting him, Steve realized with growing respect. Yes, these were all good men.
But he’d said something more along the lines of, “About time, Spangles, your floors have been empty for over a year, that’s multi-million dollar wasted space. Bring the terminator to my lab once he’s house broken. Brucie and I will take a look under the hood.” He had been already moving toward the elevator, Jarvis automatically opening the doors for him. “Workshop. Jarvis, show them to their floors.”
Tony’s throat felt tight as he answered, “I’d like that, too.” He cleared his throat and asked, “Have you eaten, yet?”
“I found evidence of places in this world I’d never imagined to exist, and the people there held a power I could have not believed possible had I not seen it for myself. Some of what I learned finally helped me to perfect what I have been working on for most of my life, providing the key to balance I had not been able to see until then. It was a small thing, but I believe it will make all the difference in the end. Once I find the right subject, that is,” he added to himself ruefully.
Steve looked confused at Tony’s reply, and he realized it was the first time he’d called Steve that since getting the serum. He’d called him Captain playfully when alone, or more formally in front of others, but this was the first time the nickname had slipped out. Tony felt like he was saying goodbye to a chapter in his life.
“Hey,” Steve told him, “it’s not a big deal, Buck. Like I said, we gotta eat, so we might as well eat something you like.”
Steve huffed and shook his head. “It’s not a birthday dinner, Tony. We did this for you.”
The man’s attitude changed when Tony pulled out his wallet from his jacket’s breast pocket and said, “I’ll take five rooms with full size beds and a three-bedroom suite for the week.”
He was soon set upon by Bucky and Steve, both frantic and wanting to know what the hell just happened and where did he go and what was he thinking and…
,” Ross’s voice echoed from the sound system.
“What?” Bucky shrugged, “I like Avery toons, and it was funny.” It really had been, and Bucky had liked the funny way the rabbit had outsmarted the pig with a gun. Tony had taken him to see another one before he went to training. Bucky loved that rabbit.
“Yes,” the doctor said, shaking his head slightly. “That was strange. For a moment it was like the Big Guy wanted out. He’s quiet now though. I probably should have had more sleep last night.”
Bucky looked doubtful. “I dunno. I’ve only ever tried teaching Stevie, and it didn’t go so well.”
Bucky has left for the army. Steve and Tony struggle to adjust to his absence. Tony has his first official consultation at the SSR where he has a long dreaded encounter with his father. Meanwhile in the present, the team bonds over dinner, and Bucky continues his journey of being a person.
Bucky just nodded tiredly, his head hanging towards the ground.
“I thought you were smaller,” he said in shock before looking at Tony who thankfully looked the same. He didn’t know if he could trust his own eyes at this point.
Bucky just smiled ruefully and shook his head. “Punk.”
Tony crossed over to look in the age worn mirror above the dresser. His face stared back at him as he
He decided to take the first step. Communication was the only way this would work if they were all going to enjoy this. And Tony really wanted them to enjoy it.
“All I can sense is the remnants of a powerful spell.” Thor said from across the room near the grand staircase. His keen blue eyes were serious as he continued. “But this is the home of sorcerers, I do not know if it is related to Stark’s disappearance. If it is, I am not learned enough in magic to distinguish the purpose of the spell.” The thunder god looked to Steve unhappily. “I am sorry, my friend. I wish I could be of more use.”
After they had finished and cleaned up, they waited for Tony to get home, and the hours passed. It had been dark for a while, and they’d been worried so they went out to search for him. Bucky was so relieved when they’d rounded that corner and spotted Tony, only to become angry when Tony went into an alley with the four assholes who had made Steve’s life miserable for so long.
was their teammate.
Bucky guessed that another hour had passed with them staying like that on couch. He had almost drifted to sleep from the relaxing way Steve still caressed him when he heard the elevator doors open to reveal the voice of the most annoying person in the tower.
“Yes, you do.” They both said. Steve just rolled his eyes.
Tony swallowed his bite. “It’s perfect, just like when I was a kid.”
If Howard had something to say to that, he’d kept it to himself, which was smart.
Bucky nodded in agreement even as he admitted to himself that he didn’t have the first idea on how to save Tony. He may be a lethal assassin, but this was beyond his abilities. Maybe they’d have to kill someone to get Tony back, he could do that. If it was for Tony, he’d kill anyone that stood in the way, though Steve probably wouldn’t like that. It was just the only thing Bucky knew he was good for.
“He was so young when he had to start cooking for him and his ma, so the only thing he could do was boil stuff.” Bucky took a deep breath. He couldn’t bring himself to meet any of the other’s eyes so he kept his gaze focused on the table. “When we were about ten, I told him…I told him…”
The man sputtered, “You can’t just…”
And like they would have in the middle of a battle, everyone moved to follow his orders, taking their places and doing as instructed. Steve felt touched at the simple gesture.
“What, it’s true!” Tony said, catching his breath. “Steve did all the work. I was just there to make sure he didn’t step on a landmine. And oh yeah, you were fucking captured, so of course I tagged along!”
Once Tony’s hand emerged with a pack of cigarettes, he pulled one out then paused before looking at the soldiers riding in the truck with them. Steve wished Tony wasn’t wearing those glasses so he could see his eyes and try to figure out what he was thinking as he looked at the men. Tony looked down to the cigarette he held, then back to the soldiers.
Tony waited as their food was put in front of them. When they were alone again, he answered. “That’s not exactly ethical, is it? Do I really have that right?” He thought about Steve and Bucky. “Though I have to admit that recently I have been wondering what I’m willing to sacrifice to protect the future. I’m not above admitting that I would almost gladly change some things if I could, even though I know how badly it could affect things. It’s the most selfish thought I’ve ever had, but it doesn’t change how I feel. If it would protect…”
The stretch was a little different, which made him think it was Steve. His hands were bigger now, but in a very satisfying way. He was proven right about the finger being Steve’s when he felt bearded kisses being trailed along his upper back and shoulders. The soft scratch was unbelievably good when combined with the blissful throb of his recently tended muscles. Another mouth was added to his lower back as he felt another finger enter him. Bucky moaned. He’d missed this. It was where he was meant to be, laid out and open between them.
With that thought Bucky realized that he now had
“Another world war,” Bucky said. “I was starting to believe that America would actually sit this one out. Looks like I was wrong.”
Tony chuckled. “I think the Colonel needs him a little faster than that.”
It was them. Only, Steve didn’t look right, and his mind was still too slow to figure out why.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Steve asked tentatively.
“Oh my God, you little scoundrel!” Tony burst out just as Bucky chuckled and asked, “And did you see her
If it were anyone else, Steve wouldn’t have believed their nerve at speaking to Phillips in such a way, but this was Tony. He didn’t answer to anyone except Steve and Bucky, at least, that was when he answered to them at all. In Tony’s mind he didn’t owe the man more of an explanation than that, and Steve agreed.
“Stevie’s always been good at cards.” Bucky chimed as he dealt their new hands. “Twerp doesn’t like to lose.”
Tony’s mind supplied.
Steve loved the burn it caused and focused on the sensation. Tony was rarely gentle with him and usually fucked Steve past the point of overstimulation and/or exhaustion. “Yes, sir. Let me prove it to you.” It was the only time Steve got off on begging to prove himself worthy of something because he knew Tony would give him the chance. “Please, fuck me.”
Tony watched as Erskine’s eyes followed Steve’s retreating back, and he saw the hopeful smile on the scientist’s face.
Bucky’s whole body spasmed as he tried to muffle his shout of surprise. “Tony, what…” he gasped, “what are you, aaahhhh…” He moaned as Tony repeated the gesture.
*****
Tony and Steve were cleaning the mess from breakfast as James was readying himself to leave. Steve was washing the plates and frying pan while Tony dried. It was nice, simple in an almost soothing way, but Tony still kind of wanted to blast some AC/DC just out of habit. Even if he could, the music would probably give the boys a stroke.
Steve just hugged him tighter as JARVIS answered, “Sir has always prided himself in seeing the possibilities of what could be. He once said that when he looked at something, he saw more than its function. He saw what it was capable of becoming.”
It was Christmas eve. Steve and Bucky had been sleeping for a half hour as Tony quietly got up from the couch. He stealthily moved across the living room headed for the door. As noiselessly as he could, he snuck out of the apartment and began the long walk down the stairs to the basement where he’d stashed his holiday gifts. First he brought up the tree. It wasn’t anything special, but it was green and prickly and would hold some garland and tinsel. That’s all Tony could ask for.
Tony went to wipe Bucky’s messy stomach and moved down to gently clean his spent cock. He then carefully went lower to wipe away the remains of the lubricant around his hole while also checking him. Tony was thicker than what he was used to and had been rough there at the end. His ass looked well used, reddened and a little swollen, but Tony couldn’t see signs of damage. He let out a small breath in relief.
Bucky rolled his eyes and chuckled tiredly. “Alright, Captain Rogers, you got a plan?”
if I have the right tools and parts. So I built a weapon, a new weapon.” This was the most honest he’d ever been with them, and, subject matter aside, it felt good.
Steve rubbed his hands over his face. He was tired. It was the kind of weariness the serum couldn’t combat because it had nothing to do with his body. He turned to look at his oldest friend. It still hurt sometimes to see the change in the man. Gone were the jokes and the smiles, the teasing, the everything.
dame I go with sweet thing. You know why?” Steve just continued to gasp softly until Bucky continued. “Because they’re all interchangeable. They don’t mean anythin’ to me except for the cover they give me. People need to think I want those gals, but I could never want any of them more than I want you. You’re my baby doll, always, the most precious thing in my life. You always give me what I need. I love you, Steve.”
It didn’t fix anything. It didn’t change anything, but for the first time in his life he was able to see Howard as something other than the cold, abusive man he’d grown up with. Howard was a flawed human being, but wasn’t everyone to varying degrees? No, nothing had really changed, but Tony had gotten the chance to speak with his father as an equal and come to an agreement.
Steve choked around a sob, his tears began falling freely now as the words poured out of him. “What good is being a hero if I can’t save the people I love? Tony is trapped there, and I’m going to leave him behind. Anything that happens to him after that is on me, and I can’t…I can’t…”
“So that’s all we have?” Steve asked as he looked across the empty entrance hall of the sanctum. Everything was mostly in order, and the building appeared to be empty. The only thing out of place was the cell phone they’d found lying on the floor almost directly beneath a hole that had been blasted through the ceiling.
As he was eating his oatmeal with apple and sugar, Steve entered the kitchen. Instead of taking his usual seat on Tony’s left, he sat himself down on Tony’s lap. Tony’s hand paused on his way to his mouth. He put the spoon back into the bowl as he turned to look at his lover. “Whatcha doin’ Steve?”
“That’s not the issue here, Captain,” Tony told him before a soldier near them snorted at Steve’s given title. Tony’s head shot to the side before he snapped at the man. “Shouldn’t you be paying attention to what’s going on outside of this truck? Keep your snorts and opinions to yourself, corporal. Despite his job, the man’s rank of Captain is legitimate, and he is your superior. You should know by now that you can’t choose what the army decides to do with you.”
Stunned silence rang in the apartment.
“Good,” Steve said as he straightened to his knees again. He watched as Steve sweetly kissed Bucky’s cheek then whispered in his ear like before. Bucky nodded and reached to the space next to Tony’s head to grab a pillow then handed it to Steve.
He shook his head. “It’s not important. I’ll be fine.”
Sam went over to stand next to him as Natasha entered the kitchen. “Good morning, everyone.” She said as she smoothly moved over to the table and took her seat.
1.)Doing laundry by hand sucked. A lot. He didn’t think his fingers would ever de-prune.
This week had been harder than Steve had ever expected. He knew it would be difficult to say goodbye to Bucky, even knowing he’d return before he shipped out. He hadn’t known it would be this hard. Everything reminded him of Bucky, including Tony, and Steve was not proud to admit that he didn’t really know how to have a relationship with someone when Bucky wasn’t in the equation.
“You got it, Tony!” Bucky cheered as he lowered his hands.
,” Bucky had told him,
The sorcerers had just exchanged knowing looks and nodded.
And Tony had seen in the man’s eyes that he’d known what Tony was trying to warn him about. He'd always seemed to know. His fellow genius had accepted his fate, and Tony wanted to hate him for it. He knew it was petty of him, but he’d begun to rely on the man. He hadn’t wanted to watch him die. Tony had struggled not to think of Yinsen as he’d watched Steve kneel over the dying man. The situation had been eerily familiar.
The one named Steve still looked sad. Sad blue eyes. “Ok then, we just need to wake up Tony. I think he fell asleep waiting for us. Then he’ll be able to help you. Alright?”
But what else could he do? He was stranded here, immune to magic that could get him home. Time travel technology would have been near impossible in his time even with his nearly unlimited resources. There was no way he could build it in this century. Even he wasn’t that good.
Tony rolled his eyes as he picked up his own. “You know what. Now, we go get our better third and violently kill the people who took him from us. Maybe blow some stuff up along the way.”
Tony’s laugh was cut off by artillery exploding in the air around them. “Crap, I believe this is what they call surface to air fire, Steve!” He said as they both jumped up and moved to the door of the plane. “It’s going to be a rough ride down!”
Bucky moved to deepen the kiss, and Tony enthusiastically returned it. The older man turned to press against his side, and Bucky could feel Tony’s own morning arousal along with the scars that covered the front of his body. Bucky hadn’t gotten to feel them like this last night, and he wondered if it was wrong of him to enjoy the texture of them rubbing against him. The proof of Tony’s strength etched in his skin.
Tony shook his head before Steve had finished the question. “Hell, no. No problem.” Tony was pansexual after all, even though he couldn’t tell them that. Tolerance was one thing, but would they actually want to live with him if they knew that? “I have never judged someone based on race, religion, gender or sexual orientation. I believe in infinite diversity in infinite combinations.”
**Bucky POV**
Bucky’s face lit up at Tony’s confession, but when he spoke, he almost sounded shy. “Of course we want you, Tony.”
“He does.” Steve smirked. “We visited him earlier today when we ran some errands.”
After a few hard thrusts of his finger, Steve firmly pushed the second in alongside it. The burn of the stretch made Tony want to gasp and caused him to choke around Bucky who was planted deep down his throat. It felt so good. The stretch of his ass mirrored the stretch of his throat perfectly, and Tony was so thankful that Bucky was thicker than average. His throat would be raw after this.
He cupped a handful of the other side of Bucky’s ass, kneading it gently before bringing his hand back for another, firmer hit. The brunet let out a strangled sound.
“He was kind.” Bucky said softly, deciding it was worth the discomfort to tell them about Tony in their past. He still couldn’t bring himself to look at any of them directly, but he kept speaking. “He made money, yeah, but he did a lot of work for practically nothing. He helped widows and the elderly, and he never asked them to pay him. They’d make him cookies or knit scarves or blankets. He liked helping people, taking care of them.”
Bucky sighed.
The men happily agreed as they picked up their bags and began following after Bucky’s showier partner. The hotel Tony ended up choosing was nice, like really nice compared to what most of them were used to, Bucky included but at least he’d learned to take these things in stride. It was also not too far from the pub Dugan had suggested. They could carry him that far. Well, Steve would probably end up being the one who carried him. He’d wanted those muscles, so Bucky was going to let him use them.
“It’s a word that’s agreed upon ahead of time that let’s the top know to stop, usually it’s a random word that wouldn’t normally be said during sex.” Tony explained. “Then there is the color system where instead of a safe word, people use colors: red, yellow or amber, and green.”
“So would the neighborhood if they ever found out.” Steve said dryly. “I can hear the gossip already.”
Tony turned to look at the table, and sure enough, there were
Tony had to believe that Howard was deluding himself so he could fast track his work. It was always one of Howard’s greatest shortcomings, his impatience. He always had to be moving on to bigger and better things while never taking the time to perfect what he’d created so that it reached it’s fullest potential. Just look at the arc reactor technology that had been shelved for decades until Tony revisited it. Howard created something, got credit for it and moved on.
“Plus, you’ve got your new project,” Steve nodded to the incomplete gauntlet on the desk. “What is that thing, anyway?”
Tony looked up to see two masked men in black uniforms staring at them.
It’s not that Tony wanted to be dead, far from it. He had too much to do, and he couldn’t leave Steve and Bucky. He had to help them. Still, the thought of his healing capabilities added to the fact that his aging appeared to have slowed, if not stopped altogether, added to a growing sense of dread that lurked in the corners of his mind.
It does not attempt to take the technological asset. It has no side objectives. Current Mission: Become Bucky
Bucky leaned forward to grab each of Tony’s thighs, keeping him open and completely under Steve’s control. He then positioned himself back to enter Tony’s mouth again. He sighed when Tony opened for him and sank back down his throat. “So good, daddy.”
Steve chuckled softly because of course Tony would know Bucky would want to walk.
Bucky understood, really he did. Last night had been intense, and he now realized that it could go even further. What Tony was suggesting was a whole lot more than he’d ever experienced. Pain becoming pleasure? Floating?
. He was definitely thinking something, though, Tony could practically see the wheels turning in his head.
Steve knew they would both miss the man while he was gone throughout the day. They usually did, but he knew it would be even harder after last night. They had so much to catch up on, but he didn’t comment on this. He just grabbed his fork and dug into his breakfast.
Steve almost rolled his eyes fondly at his partner as he enjoyed the feeling of Tony’s naked skin against his. It was kind of exciting being carried off like this by Tony. He decided to take advantage and circle his hips against Tony’s stomach. The friction felt amazing on his dick as it rubbed against Tony’s tight abs, and he knew it wouldn’t be long before it would get hard again.
“Steve,” Tony began as he blew a stream of air across the hot liquid before he took a sip, “your presents are the blue ones. Bucky, yours are the red.”
“And I’d do anything for him.” Bucky nodded in agreement. “That’s why I took the chance even though it was terrifying. Steve would never risk your friendship by admitting how we feel. If you got upset, it would be at me because I kissed you. You wouldn’t push him away because of it.”
“It’s one of his charms,” Bucky grinned before becoming more serious. “I don’t think he planned to fall for us, though. It probably ate at him somethin’ fierce before he found out we felt the same.”
“Steve!” The young blonde finally stopped his worrying and looked up to meet Tony’s eyes. “Let’s hold off on giving me more opiates for now. I’m alright, baby, but I’m thirsty. Could I please have some water?”
The kitchen light had been flickering when they’d eaten their dinner. Bucky said it had always done that. Sometimes it’d be fine, and other times it would flicker all evening. Then Tony thought about the two showers he’d taken since arriving, lukewarm at best. The water heater was obviously on its last legs. With a sense of purpose, he checked the lighting fixture and the closet that held the water heater. He made a list of materials he’d need to fix them and the radio before going out to find a hardware store.
“Dum-E broke it, and chill the fuck out Barton, it’s just a coffee mug! Here, use the ‘Mojo Jojo Java’ mug.” Tony said, squinting at the coffee mug tree on the counter that was filled with novelty mugs.
And as he lay there and really thought about it, he realized that nearly every single thing Tony has done since they met him has been for Steve or Bucky himself. Tony is always working, always planning, always trying to do better by them. Bucky wonders if the reason Tony doesn’t like to deal with emotions is because he feels things too deeply, so he
“I’m not that cyborg I was yesterday, Steve.” Bucky said, throwing Steve off even further. “I
It looks back to its surroundings. Analysis: pending…
Steve leaned over and kissed Bucky before he moved over to Tony. He kissed him gently as he ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, soothing him. “That was so good,” he murmured against Tony’s lips. “I love you. Are you alright?”
James just rolled his eyes and muttered something that sounded like, “You should have been placed in Slytherin. I can’t believe the computer said you were something cool like Gryffindor.”
Steve shrugged, “I don’t really know; besides, it was an accident.”
Abraham’s eyebrows rose. “You’ve studied Germany?”
He’d watched them play-climb over the rubble, but the laughter was missing. They played because they were kids, and that’s what they did, but the joy was gone. He wondered how many had been orphaned. He wondered where they slept since most of the buildings didn’t look safe to be in. He wondered if they even remembered life before this. The war here had been going on for years, after all, for most of their lives.
Steve nodded. “Thank you, Tony.”
He didn’t know how much time had passed until Steve breathed against him, “Time to get out, love.”
, not the person they forced you to be. I, uh, I’m here too if you ever want to talk.”
“Is that a C-ration?” Bucky asked as they both watched Tony use the metal pin-key to open the container.
Tony looked across the bed at Steve’s still sleeping figure, and Bucky’s eyes followed. “We should probably start breakfast.” He said quietly, giving Bucky a quick peck on the cheek before he started to get up. “I don’t think sleeping beauty will be waking soon.”
“N..No,” Joe gasped.
What does he mean by ‘who Tony might go after next’?” Tony asked in pretend offense. “He makes me sound like a dangerous animal.”
Steve just smirked and repeated Tony’s own words from earlier. “But we’re going to nonetheless.” He turned back to the pot he’d taken out. “I hope you like potato soup.”
Bucky wasn’t an idiot. He knew Tony was stressed, even this far away. He could tell by the little clues in every letter he’d gotten. He was just thankful Steve was there watching out for him. He was also thankful that Tony was there watching out for Steve. Bucky knew Tony would go after anyone stupid enough to mess with Steve. God knows that little punk was a magnet for trouble, but it wasn’t just the fights he always found himself in that worried Bucky.
,” the other man repeated. “
He finally felt whatever it was release him, and he bolted from the surface he’d been pinned against and ran to the corner of the room. Crouching down in an effort to hide and protect himself, he grabbed a knife from the holster at his lower back and held it in front of him. They wouldn’t do that again
Steve nodded as Bucky absorbed a lot of new words from those few sentences. He finally said, “I like that, equal and together.” It had a nice ring to it.
Tony slowed his hips to an almost stop, gently grinding into Bucky as he watched Steve come down from his climax and pull out of his lover’s mouth. Bucky’s arms collapsed, and he fell forward, changing the angle of Tony’s dick.
Bucky thought about his partners and wondered what they were doing back home. He tried not to think of them too often here because it hurt too damn much. It already felt like so much had happened since he’d last seen them, and he knew if he ever made it back to them, he would not be returning the same person. A lot of Tony’s trauma and the way he viewed the world made sense to him now.
Francesco nodded as they entered the room. “He may have found the means to leave soon with his family. I told him if he escaped to find the first free port and sail to me in America. I will find a place for them.”
Tony thought about what he was going to do now. He didn’t know what Umar’s reasons were for sending him here. She’d just said it would be easy to get to know Steve and James better, and now through a series of events he was living on their couch. Was it coincidence? Fate? Was this a pocket realm she created, and all of this was fake? Tony didn’t think even she had that kind of mojo, but he could be wrong.
Movement next to them made Bucky turn his head, and sure enough, their new friend was here with them. In the dim light, Bucky could see Gabe hunched over. His head was lightly bleeding above his left temple, but he appeared to be alright beyond that.
“Steve,” and shit, Bucky’s voice sounded raw, “please, doll.”
Steve just jumped down and began unlocking the cells, and Tony internally groaned before jumping after him. Just because he could heal didn’t mean this wasn’t murder on his knees, and they still had to find Bucky.
“Nothing too special,” Tony told him. “I was asked to fix an ice generator for a fabrication and distribution plant a few blocks from here.”
“I lived along coast, but I think I passed through a time or two.” Tony answered back.
“Alright. Me and Steve are gonna make you feel so good. You won’t be able to think of anything else, but first I need to know what supplies we have.”
“Yeah, I know.” Bucky said and sighed. “I never expected I’d be a soldier, though. Never thought I’d have to kill someone just because someone else told me to.”
Bucky nodded obediently as he grabbed Tony’s fully hard dick, then without any buildup or teasing he swallowed him whole. Tony cried out at the sudden sensation of tight, wet heat engulfing him. He’d watched Bucky do this to Steve, and it was even better than he’d thought it would be. Bucky didn’t seem to have a gag reflex as he swallowed around the head of Tony’s cock again and again. His sweet boy was just naturally gifted.
Howard began. “What do you know about me, Anthony?”
Above him Tony pouted as he slowly swiveled his hips above Steve. “Why not? I like it, and don’t you like the thought of me having your marks on my skin?”
Racists abound even in war and the person is on your side. Bucky, Dugan and a few of the others didn’t seem to care about the addition of the black soldiers, but there were definitely some that did. At least they weren’t very vocal about it.
“Where did you think we should start?” Steve asked as they left the backstage area and moved to the compound. “I don’t think any of those soldiers are gonna want to talk to me.”
***Avengers Tower, Medical Floor 2014***
Stephen Strange. That was a mouthful, so Tony just called him Strange, which was perfect because that man was odd. And kind of a dick which was ironic coming from Tony.
white shirt while James (not Bucky) continued his tradition of a black on black wardrobe which, admittedly, he was pulling off effortlessly. James didn’t say anything in greeting. He rarely said anything at all so this wasn’t surprising, it just made Tony uneasy. In a very manly way, of course.
Tony shrugged off his jacket and handed it to the doctor before he walked over to the left of the training area. There were several long ropes hanging from a wooden frame about twenty feet from the ground. He rolled up his sleeves and grabbed the outer rope.
“Why?” The question came in broken whisper, unplanned. “Why would you want to love a monster?”
It wasn’t long after that when the screams finally started. It seemed an eternity before they stopped.
“It still doesn’t make it right to give an entire group of people a name like that just because they belong to a country we’re fightin’ against.” Steve said hotly.
“To hell itself, Captain, whatever it takes,” Tony told him meeting his eyes.
“Love,” he said to Bucky. “ Why don’t you be good for me and help your daddy out of his clothes so I can use him properly.” Steve had agreed to address Tony as that on Bucky’s behalf during a scene, but he wouldn’t call Tony daddy in regards to himself. “Tonight, you’re gonna help me take care of him. You want to make him feel good?”
After meeting Erskine, Tony had taken his gauntlet watch and sunglasses out of hiding, and he began carrying them with him at all times. The next time he’d met with the scientist he’d shown the man his inventions, and Erskine had been stunned. The diva in Tony had preened at the look of awe on the other man’s face. The practical part of him was just grateful that this would help him completely gain the man’s trust and admiration.
“Steve, it’s time for open honesty,” Tony said. “Nothing you say will shock me into judging you, and I’m sure Bucky feels the same way, but I want you to describe exactly what you want when you picture us together so I can figure out a way to give it to you. You said both, but not like Bucky. What did you mean by that?”
Tony chuckled and kissed him as he began to walk, carrying Steve toward the bedroom. “At ease, soldier. We’re just cut off from supplies up here.”
“Washing Machine.” He finished for him. “Again, it’s purely selfish because now I don’t have to help hand wash laundry,” he grinned.
He crossed over and knelt between them, cupping a hand on each of their cheeks. “What’s wrong, boys?”
His lover was right. Tony was mysterious and charming and handsome. He was educated and seemed to know something about everything. He’d never shown them anything but respect and kindness, and that meant more to Steve than he could ever say.
Bucky nodded, knowing Tony was right on all accounts.  They grabbed some clothes and quietly got dressed before they took turns in the bathroom to wash up and brush their teeth. He let Tony go first because he was the one who had a job to get to.
Tony’s voice had gotten progressively quieter as he’d finished, and Bucky recognized it. Tony was feeling insecure with their silence. Bucky could practically hear the man internally berating himself over this, and he wanted to reassure him. Tony didn’t understand that what he was offering was practically unheard of, and the men were speechless because of it.
Time continued to pass, sometimes quickly, sometimes so slowly that Tony couldn’t keep busy enough, and every second was a torture filled with homesickness and loss. Every person and thing around him just reminded Tony of the fact that he didn’t belong here. Time still passed though.
Then they saw the two men at the end of the alley. One was big with brown hair and thick, oversized fists. The other was small with blonde hair, a grey jacket and a stubborn look to his face. “I got this,” Bucky said angrily as he went to keep the big jerk away from his punk best friend and partner. “And you owe me ten bucks.”
Tony was hurting, and it wasn’t just from his injuries. Something was wrong. He had noticed little things last night after they’d bandaged Tony up. After Steve had begun to wrap his head around everything he’d seen Tony do. It was still there this morning in the way Tony didn’t quite look at them as he spoke.
The Avengers realize this is happening because they know Tony is in the past. The rest of the world is just slowly being altered. The more Tony changes, the more there will be to know about Anthony Sutton, but it will take time for these changes to reach the present because every year in between 1944 and 2014 will need to be affected. But like Bruce said, these changes are details. Tony is ADDING history. He cannot change anything major that had already happened before he was cursed.
Taking a deep breath through his nose, he pulled his lips over his teeth and began a tight slide down. At halfway, he backed up an inch then relaxed his throat before slowly bobbing towards the bottom. Bucky was very thick, and he felt the stretch as he reached the end. He swallowed a couple times around him before pulling up to the top. Keeping the tip in his mouth, he swirled his tongue around the head as he took another deep inhale.
At that moment Clint walked into the kitchen looking like he had spent all night in the ventilation system, which he probably had, and headed for the coffee pot when he stopped. “Dammit, Stark! ‘Bedhead Buttercup’ is my mug! Where’s your ‘Professor Utonium’s Blend’ mug?”
“Well, now that you’ve proven you’re not completely useless,” the colonel barked, “the doctor said that you would be handy in the lab. Can I ask how a repairman from Brooklyn is qualified to work on experimental government technology?”
Steve knew he was technically a captain, though he hadn’t earned it. He was still enlisted in the army when the senator had given him this job and because of the title they’d wanted to use for the tour, they’d had to promote him to an actual Captain. They’d explained that otherwise, Steve could technically be charged with impersonating an officer. Army rules, Steve thought.
“This is your medial temporal lobe, and it’s mostly in charge of your memory and your body’s responses to memories through this region called the limbic system. As you can see, it’s lit up with an overwhelming amount of activity.”
“You didn’t want to be reminded of what you lost.” Bucky said knowingly. “I’m sorry, Steve.”
“Thank you,” Tony choked as he hugged him closer. He only wished he could have it ready when the time came to help save Bucky.
“Can we please focus on the fact that Stark is in 1939 and could possibly change history?” Natasha’s voice had an edge of danger to it. “Thor, do you have anything to add on this?”
“There’s a guy who sometimes buys them.” Steve answered sheepishly. “He knows the guy who prints them.”
The biggest change would be Bucky. The thing is that Tony doesn’t like to share. He never has. A casual threesome or orgy doesn’t count. When a person is his, they are his. He’d calmly explained this with the concession that yes, Bucky would still go on dates, as would Steve and Tony. He wasn’t possessive enough that he didn’t realize the need for this charade, however, Bucky would
Now he was trapped in the past. A hopeless situation lay before him, but he refused to be helpless. He couldn’t allow himself that, not if he was going to keep what was his. It would be hard, wasn’t everything worth having? He’d fight. He’d push back. He’d use every tool at his disposal and remove anyone who stood in his way. He could do this. After all,
**Back in the Present**
She laughed at his words. “Well, it’s nice to meet you, Mr. Stark. What can I get for you today?”
That just cut him deeper. He hadn’t been taking care of them at all. He’d barely touched them in the past week, and none of it had been particularly romantic or sexual. Without them knowing the reason behind it, he would have just appeared to be ignoring them in all the ways that mattered. He’d never deserved them less than he did right now.
And he
“Yes, please,” Bucky whispered. Tony figured he had to be desperate for some relief right about now after the rimming he’d just given Tony. His cock was straining in front of him, the tip deep red and wet.
. She even sounded like the beautiful actress.
Steve looked at his friend. Besides being slightly less cranky, Bucky didn’t really have anything to say about any of this. Granted, it’s not like Steve was volunteering much either. He looked back to Bruce.
“Morning, James, headed for work?” Tony asked as he shook out his white button up.
Steve looked at him for several long moments and studied his face. Tony could see the wheels turning in his mind as Steve tried to piece together the puzzle his question had created. Finally, he spoke. “This is based on what you used to escape the cave.”
Today, Tony had a meeting with Colonel Philips, and he was fully prepared for it to be tense and awkward. He wasn’t proven completely wrong upon their first conversation, but he knew that it definitely could have gone worse.
Tony looked down at Steve to include him in the question, but he too seemed to be waiting for Bucky’s answer. Of course he was, Steve was all about giving Bucky what he wanted, the self-sacrificing idiot. Tony loved him for it.
Fuck, Steve felt so good around him. His small hips held tight in Tony’s hands as he pushed forward again into the blonde. He would wreck Steve just like he promised, but he had to make sure Steve was ready. He would never want to really hurt Steve by not taking a few slower thrusts to fully open him. Plus, he kind of wanted Steve to beg a little more. It had been a long week.
“Steve.”
Steve was rapidly turning red now.
Natasha nodded. “He can be an ass, no denying it, but most of that is intentional. He’s good at misdirecting and playing a role.”
Steve’s hands squeezed at Tony’s hips when he felt him clench around him. Tony laughed breathlessly. “You’re going to have to choose, Steve. Either lie back and let me move, or grip tighter and do it yourself.”
Steve winced. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize.”
“Of course,” he replied easily, “you can’t eat a suit. Well, maybe you could, but that can’t be good for you.”
to a known assassin, all to make Bucky feel safer.
The rest of the team returned to their seats as Bruce leaned forward. “Tell me more.”
As if sensing this, the two younger men pulled their hands away at the same time. “Can we change your bandages?” Bucky asked softly.
was saying this to him. In seventy years he’d be the one to teach Tony a few of those moves. “It was unreal. We stepped forward when we saw the knife, but you just batted it away like nothing. Before we knew it, Joe was on his back, and you were…”
“Hey, you’re supposed to be on my side,” the archer pouted. “You promised not to gang up on me with them.”
“Fair enough,” Tony said letting go of him and stepping away. “Lay down on the bed, baby.”
“I’ve had a few sweethearts, but I’m still looking for that one, ya know?” Gabe told them. “Always doing anything I can think of to impress the girls to help my chances. There’s this girl who worked as a waitress in a jazz club back home. She was something special. If I make it back, I’d like to find her again. She had the prettiest smile I ever saw.”
“Signor Martinelli!” Tony said as he clasped hands with one of his newest friends. “Spero tu stia bene?”
that he was from the past. Tony would be forced to keep the truth of his identity a secret from everyone, or people would think him insane.
“It’s OK, Tony.” Steve said as he scooped him up in a hug. He seemed to enjoy doing that now. “I understand. If it makes it easier for you, build as many as you want.”
because he’d seen Steve this morning, over a hundred pounds heavier and a foot taller. But it was Steve, his face was almost exactly the same if only less full.
Tony was getting pretty well known around the neighborhood, hell through most of the borough really. It wasn’t surprising that she knew him, but as he looked at her he realized he’d seen her around a lot. She must live nearby if she was in the local store.
It also didn’t escape his notice that her face held no traces of that lust
Steve’s stomach twisted as he saw Tony’s small flinch beside him. Steve’s blood was pounding in his ears, and his voice turned hard. “Tell me what?”
“It is no more than the sting of an insect,” he said across the way, but Steve could see the anger in his eyes as he looked at Tony. This must be Johann Schmidt. The man looked at Steve. “Why do you cling to these pathetic creatures, Captain? Don’t you realize we are Gods above them and have left humanity behind?”
He handed one to Tony, who murmured his thanks, before he went to a cabinet a got out a bottle of pills. The label said Anacin. Tony watched Steve pop two of the pills in his mouth and chased them down with his water before returning the bottle to its cupboard.
“Grab a helmet,” Tony told Steve, and he watched as the man went over to the wardrobe section and grabbed one of the girls’ helmets. He almost smiled when he saw it was one with the letter A.
Steve's plan to show Tony that they care about him is underway, even as Tony is trying to distance himself from his feelings and fight the depression they caused. It was decided that their friendship is too important for any of them to admit their attraction, but then someone slips, and a new kind of bravery is shown through desperation and paying attention to the right things.
Bucky’s heart melted for this man at the same time it broke. How can Tony not realize by now that Bucky trusted him? He pulled the man in and kissed Tony before moving back and saying, “I want both of you, or either of you, however we decide to do this. I trust you, Tony. I know you’ll take care of me.”
Erskine leaned over. “You really can’t help yourself, can you?” He asked mildly amused.
Another had given Steve a loaf of what appeared to be freshly baked bread, saying that Steve was looking too thin. Tony had to agree. Steve just thanked her with an awkward smile and asked about her son and his new wife in Philadelphia.
Steve felt the familiar prickling sensation behind his eyes, but he pushed it away. It was always so much harder when he had to pretend that he was alright for the sake of others. “I’m Ok, Buck. You don’t need to worry about me. You’ve got enough to handle right now.”
“His name’s Tony, Buck,” Steve answered for him and grudgingly added. “and he probably stopped them from putting me in the hospital.”
“So install separate layers of faraday cages inside the shell of the transformation chamber.” Tony said as if this was obvious. “Aluminum mesh on the outer layer with a finer copper mesh on the inner one. Then you can do the wiring for the inner chamber and all the energy should be contained inside the shell.”
Tony and Steve gave each other different things than what they shared with Bucky. Steve fueled the side of Tony that liked excess since Steve never backed down from a challenge, pushed his limits and always wanted more.
“You feel so fuckin’ good, Tony.” Steve panted as he swiveled his hips. “You’re so tight around me, so hot. So fucking sexy between us chokin’ on Bucky’s dick.”
On the stage Steve tried his lines again. “Not all of us can storm a beach or drive a tank, but there’s still a way all of us can try, I mean, fight!”
Bucky huffed and stepped over to kiss him. “Yeah,” he answered, “I enjoyed it a lot, with you and Tony.” Then he looked a little worried. “Did you not…?”
Bucky shouldn’t. He knew if he had an ounce of decency he would pull away and tell Steve that he could only be his friend. He couldn’t, though, and when he remembered what it was like to be with Steve and Tony, and how they made him feel, he was selfish enough to want that again.
it was about the artificial intelligence that oversaw a space station run by humans and was operated by robots. The A.I. eventually came to the realization that humans were flawed and could not be it’s true master so it basically created a religion for the robots on the station. By the end it was pretty amusing.
Tony got up and got dressed the next morning. He focused on every task intently, not allowing his mind to wander or his thoughts to stray because he couldn’t fucking deal with it if they did. After his realization last night that something was decidedly
“No one should want to kill anyone,” Steve countered, “but sometimes you have to fight for what’s best for other people.”
After they’d sipped their wine, Steve asked, “So what did you do today, Tony?”
“No,” Bruce said sadly, “we haven’t found anything yet, but we’re still working on it. Maybe when Thor returns from Asgard we’ll have something to move forward with.”
And Steve knew he had him because Tony would most certainly (gently) shove Bucky into the back of a truck without batting an eye. Bucky knew it too and sighed, finally letting his exhaustion show itself again as he slumped back. It looked like he hadn’t slept in months, and Steve realized that was probably very close to the truth.
Erskine nodded. “Then I shall see you tomorrow.”
Tony moved back to continue tonguing him open, leaving one hand to keep him spread apart. The other moved down to scoop some of the Vaseline onto three of his fingers. He pulled his head back and slowly circled one lubed finger around Bucky’s spit slicked hole before pushing inside. Already loosened from Tony’s efforts, the ring of muscle gave way as Tony easily buried the digit to the second knuckle.
“That’s gonna be fuckin’ sexy as hell to see.” Bucky said, and Tony privately agreed as he wondered just what Steve had in mind.
Steve just held up the broken transponder. “Howard’s equipment isn’t as reliable as he thinks it is,” was all he said, and beside him he could hear Tony chuckle.
Time passed for Tony and his boys. One month turned into two, then three and several more.
Tony nodded and looked to his boys. They just stared back at him, clearly waiting for Tony to order something. He looked back to Gianetta. “We’ll start with the caponata, and we’ll be dining family style if you could bring some extra plates?”
Yay! Tony and Bucky finally got some one on one conversation! And I finally defeated the dreaded chapter 9! Hope you guys enjoyed this. Next chapter will be up on Wednesday and will have a lot happening in it. Love you guys!
Bucky stared at him. Just like Steve had.
“Steve,” Tony had to cut him off because he couldn’t watch their concern, “the only people who scare me are bossy redheaded women, and none of them are in this camp. I can handle Phillips.”
Cold fear filled Tony’s previously warm chest at Steve’s all too accurate observation. It wasn’t just him, then. Steve noticed it too. Tony’s mask never faltered as he smiled and deflected, “That’s a nice thought.” He lied, “Who doesn’t want to be young and beautiful forever?”
“Fair enough,” Erskine smirked. “You are not bothered by my nationality?”
“I’d be happy to discuss your concerns, Mr. Stark,” Erskine answered cordially, “but first, I would like to finally introduce Mr. Anthony Stark.”
To say that his friend was surprised was an understatement. Apparently, he had heard of the accident and hadn’t expected Tony to be out of the hospital yet. He’d offered to come by, but Tony had politely declined, saying that he knew the scientist was busy and shouldn’t take time away when Tony was healing and home already. Truthfully, Tony couldn’t risk Erskine and Steve meeting just yet. He couldn’t take the chance. This was something Tony had decided after he’d met the man, and he would not risk changing this particular course of events. Still, he appreciated the offer to visit.
Last night had been wonderful. Finding out Tony loved them too and getting to be with him was so much more than Steve had hoped for, and watching Tony take Bucky apart as Steve fucked his mouth had been hot as hell. He loved it when Bucky just let himself go.
“You’re going to be fine.” He said without a hint of doubt, like he could see the future and knew it would be so. “It’s going to work out. You don’t have to worry because I’m going to take care of this until you find another job.”
A great staircase stood before him leading up to the next floor where he knew Strange’s private library was located. Tony began to walk towards it, but every step he took set his instincts to screaming. Wrong, wrong, wrong…Get out now!
“The people of this country aren’t going to stand for this.” Steve said firmly with a hint of the Captain in his voice. “There won’t be any more excuses to keep out of the global conflict.”
Tony struggled to quickly think of what to tell the man. He hadn’t prepared for this conversation to go this way, and a lot of his previous arguments were useless.
The short story in the May edition was called
Natasha’s smile was almost soft. “If you need us to help, we’ll help. Just tell us where you want us and what to do.”
The coffee machine beeped, and Tony blinked out of his internal musings. Mentally cursing that he allowed himself to angst all over the kitchen counter, he poured the rich, black liquid into his Power Puff Girls coffee mug (Thor’s a huge fan). He hums with the first sip. Delicious. Like an addict getting his fix, he relaxes. A small smile quirks on his lips.
Tony shrugged. “Clothes don’t make the man, and I’ve been through enough to know how to defend myself.”
“A person is not owed anything when they do the right thing. They should do the right thing because it’s right.”
Tony hated lying to him, again, but he had no other choice. How could he begin to explain that the x-rays and doctors had been right, only to say that he’d healed so quickly in four days. Abrams was right. It couldn’t be explained so Tony had to lie. Too much was at stake to worry about the truth now. Tony’s life had become one big example of the truth being what you made it.
“Me?” He asked confused.
Tony made his hips stop their movement and finally broke his silence. “Shit, you’re so good, sweetheart. This has to be one of the sexiest things I’ve ever seen. Both of you are incredible.”
“And this will make that easier for you,” Steve finished for him. “Having a way to defend yourself, or a possible way of defending yourself.”
Steve felt his skin heat because he really liked the sound of that.
Rhodey would not have let last night slide. He’d be hounding Tony to talk more about it and offering unasked for advice. He’d be doing it out of love, yeah, but it would just end up in an argument with Tony feeling caged and frustrated, ready to lash out.
“You don’t know that,” Tony and Steve said at the same time.
Tony felt like he should interject, but they weren’t giving him much of an opening, even if he would have known the right thing to say. They were all strung out and upset, and unfortunately, they were choosing now to vent their frustrations at each other.
Tony nodded. “The audience enjoyed the show. I know you were nervous, but once you get used to it, I’m sure Captain America will be able to inspire even more people to help with the war effort.”
Tony smirked, “I wouldn’t dream of it. You don’t even like me.” Tony hesitated before finishing, “Do it for your father. If he or his legacy means anything to you, do it for him. My own father was a nightmare. He made my life hell when he wasn’t ignoring me. If yours was better than that, do it for him.”
They laid there together in a silence more peaceful than Steve would have believed possible before his shower. Bucky was right. Steve couldn’t keep blaming himself for the evils of the world and the tragedies he hadn’t been able to prevent. He also had to believe that Tony wouldn’t give up and would hold on long enough for them to fix this.
“My pie,” Steve answered smiling.
“Last chance, fellas,” he offered, knowing full well they wouldn’t take it.
A teammate had gone missing, and as their leader, it was Steve’s responsibility to find him and bring him home. Then, the flood of memories signaling the curse taking effect and changing Tony from a missing teammate to the man he loved being trapped decades in the past with no way of returning.
Tony blinked and more tears fell. “I’ve lost…everything.” He managed to get out. “I can’t lose you. I love you too much...to lose you.”
Steve kissed him. “Of course I do, love.” He said when he pulled back. “I love you trusting me like that and making you feel good. I always have. But with Tony, he’s so good at everything, ya know? And he can be so commanding, so I can’t help but wonder what it would feel like to have the attention of someone like him focused on me. Does that make sense?”
“Let’s get to the ground before you start in on my poor life choices. Just unbuckle the straps like I showed you, Steve,” Tony told him as he dropped his pack to the ground before working on his own bindings. He heard the other man’s gear land somewhere below them.
“Are you jokin’? They’re gonna go crazy over 'em. I can’t believe you made those little robots, just like the ones in the department store.” Michael marveled.
Steve nodded, looking faintly relieved but still a little awestruck at Tony.
“You’ll be staying here.” The older man met his eyes. “Don’t disappoint us, son.”
At that moment Bruce entered the kitchen still dressed in his lab coat and clothes from the day before. He smiled when he saw them. “Good morning, James. Steve. No workout today?”
“Mister Stark,” she murmured and nodded toward him. “I hope you’re well.”
“Where did you get this wine?” He asked as he gathered the bottles and began to store them in the top of the icebox. He may be a common repairman, but there was no way he was drinking un-chilled Chardonnay.
Unlike Bucky, Steve didn’t want to be treasured. He wanted to be used and overwhelmed, and it drove Tony crazy when the blonde was in the mood to give up his control for Tony. It was a heady feeling knowing that he was the only one who could do that to Steve Rogers, the only one allowed, and Steve was practically begging for it with his eyes right now. He was begging for a distraction and reassurance.
Steve couldn’t even hide his disappointment as he looked down then back to Bucky. “I should be going.”
He finally asked, “Any of you guys smoke? I’ve got enough to share.” Steve smiled at the look of surprised disbelief on the faces of the soldiers before one by one, they all gratefully accepted a cigarette, all except the one Tony had lashed out at.
Steve’s chase and capture of the now dead Hydra agent had probably spread through the city by now, but it was hard won. Tony closed his eyes as he remembered Steve’s screams from the vita-ray chamber. Howard had always spoken of this day as a historic one in science, but all Tony could recall was how badly he’d wanted to pull the plug. He couldn’t imagine the pain Steve had gone through. He didn’t want to.
“I love you, Buck. I’ll do anythin’ you need.” Steve sighed a satisfied sound. “Til the end of the line.”
“Do you trust this guy?” James asked.
Dugan was grinning as he asked, “So, how close to the pub are we talking?”
As an investor? Yes, please!
Tony was trying to think of something to say to that when the door opened, and he did a double take at the person who entered. Across the way he watched James Buchanan Barnes walk through the door.
Bucky, take him and hold him and cherish him in all the ways he deserved. Bucky deserved the world; he always had. Steve didn’t realize that he could love Tony more than he already did in his new memories, but he was wrong. Tony had done this. He’d given Bucky new memories, ones that Hydra had never touched, even if this was all by accident.
“Dum, I’m too tired to hit you for that right now,” Gabe told him as he leaned his head against the metal, “so expect to be woken up by my fist in the morning. I’m gonna knock all those teeth out.”
he thought to himself.
Tony’s arms tightened like he would protect Bucky from the world, and at this moment Bucky let himself believe he could. He knew that Tony would take care of him and keep him safe the way he always had. As Tony gently led him to one of the couches in the living area and pulled Bucky down to rest in his lap, Bucky wrapped himself around his older partner. They had hours before they needed to go down and meet the others, and Bucky wanted to spend every one of them here with Tony’s hands softly touching him as he placed gentle kisses on Bucky’s face.
Steve sniffed, trying to finish as he watched a tear fall down Bucky’s cheek. “And when I collapsed at the Sanctum this morning, I heard you panic. You were worried about me. You’ve always worried about me and taken care of me. So, yes, you are my hero, and I’d bet my life that you have a soul. I know you do because it’s the same one I fell in love with when I was fifteen.”
Everything about the commandos is cannon. Hoped you enjoyed a little more backstory about our supporting heros! And no, I don't condone chain smoking like Tony to deal with your problems, but this was the forties and everybody smoked. Besides, Tony can't get cancer anyway. I'm not that mean. Also, I have nothing against Peggy Carter, but Tony kinda does when she looks at his Steve. Don't touch Tony's boys!
“Miss me?” Tony asked confused. “I haven’t gone anywhere; I’m home now more than ever, Bucky.”
“That’s sounds very nice, thank you,” Bruce said as he went to make his tea. “I’m sure the others will be down soon. Hopefully they slept better than I did falling asleep over my lab table. I think I’m picking up Tony’s bad habits.”
It was a smart, practical solution, but Tony understood his hesitance to share the story. Two grown men sharing a bed in 1939? Not a widely approved of notion. He knew Bucky was worried over what his response would be to that, probably expecting the period typical homophobia that had seemed to plague Steve for years because of his stature and artistic abilities. Tony, of course, didn’t give a shit about that.
Steve just shook his head and rolled his eyes, enjoying the fact that Tony at least seemed to be much better than he had been in weeks.
Tony looked up from the pan, looking kind of surprised at Bucky’s realization. “Huh, no I haven’t. Wanna make me a cup, sweetheart?” He asked as he batted his lashes ridiculously at Bucky.
“Pie, Steve. Any form of thanks can be given in pie. You like your presents? Pie. If I hold the door for you? Pie. Pass the salt? Pie. It’s universal.”
Bucky huffed as he stood, looking slightly nervous. “How do you want to do this?”
“I joined the army,” Steve said, and Bucky could see his distraction as his head kept looking around them. That answer didn’t make any sense to Bucky, but he was still a bit drugged.
He couldn’t think like that, though. He knew he shouldn’t. The guys who began to go down that path died from despair in their cells. He’d already seen it. The body gives up when the heart does.
Colonel Phillips had promised to keep the reasons behind this private, believing that Tony didn’t want Steve to know his identity was fake and save him the embarrassment. The man truly didn’t care about anything that wasn’t related to winning the war. Tony both admired and was thankful for his focus.
“Hello, doctor,” the friendly voice of their server cut through his musings, “It’s good to see you back in here, and you brought a friend.” She turned to look at Tony. She was a pretty young woman with kind eyes.
All of them had asked about Tony. Who was this man with him? Steve had merely stated that Tony was a friend. That he was new to the neighborhood. They had all promptly introduced themselves and welcomed him. And that was nice, Tony thought.
Steve looked at him but didn’t hesitate. He reached a shaky hand over to grab the mug. Tony kept hold of it and just helped him guide it to his lips. He managed to gulp down most of it without spilling too much. Tony put the mug to the side. “Keep trying to breathe. Slow and deep breaths.”
Tony handed the sketches back to Steve. “What about your dates?”
Yeah, that had been new, and Tony didn’t think it was coincidence that it was THE hand that happened to have a hidden magical brand on it. It had started in the early morning the day before. The sun hadn’t even been up when Tony had woken from the feeling. At first, he’d thought the limb had simply fallen asleep, but as he’d grown more alert, he realized that the numbness wasn’t the same.
Steve entered the room, and the change in him over the last few months still made Tony want to smile. He was no longer cautious or worried about the damage his body could do. Steve had learned the finesse required when dealing with everyday activities, and it had only taken him a little over two weeks before the accidents stopped occurring altogether. He’d finally been able to take up his art again, and it had been gratifying to witness all of his progress.
“It’s not so bad,” Steve said in that adorably upbeat way of his.
“Hhmm,” was all Erskine said as he went back to his papers.
Steve had jumped to his knees and bent him in half, knowing full well that Tony’s prostate was about to get hit with every snap of Steve’s hips. Tony began babbling as Steve pounded into him. Little words and phrases like “fuck me” and “feel” and “god, please” and “so good” fell from his lips. The whole while Tony seemed to be trying his hardest to keep looking into Steve’s eyes, as if to let him know that he was OK and was still here with him.
“I don’t think anything about this is selfish, Tony,” Bucky was shaking head, “but it sure looks and smells great.”
“I asked you a question, Tony.” Steve said in a hard voice.
That was good because Tony still had some things he wanted to discuss with them. He ate the last bite of his pie and put his fork down before looking across the table at them.
“I doubt you could get past his mustache,” Monty chimed in wearily. “It is a ferocious looking thing.”
“Or are you imaginin’
“The civilian?” Monty asked surprised.
Thunder rolled over him from his hidden position, and he prayed to a God a wasn’t quite sure existed that they would spare him this.
Steve immediately let go and looked at Tony in shock. “I’m not going to bruise you, Tony.”
Steve went over to the large gift and tentatively pulled the sheet off. “Tony, is that? It looks like a…”
He didn’t know how long it took for him to stop yelling. He’d been crazed, cursing and hitting Steve when he’d approached him, but the blonde just took it until he’d finally wrapped his arms around Bucky in an embrace. Bucky started screaming then, even as he’d wilted in Steve’s arms. He’d screamed at everyone and no one. He’d raged at his life that was taken, against Hydra and against the Avengers who were stupid enough to take him in. He’d screamed himself hoarse, and Steve had never spoken or pulled away or tried to quiet him.
