Dean thinks to himself. There is something sniffing around near his face. Something with whiskers and those are definitely some leaves in his face.
Castiel leaned in conspiratorially to whisper, "You'll have to figure that out."
"I didn't know you had this talent."
"What about Sam?" Dean immediately dropped everything in his hands in worry. He should have known something was going to happen.
There was a charged silence that commenced after Castiel stopped speaking. Dean could only think of one phrase he needed to say and it was repeating itself like a mantra over and over in his head but he couldn't bring himself to do it just yet.
"We're looking for the weapon the Archangels used to kill the Knights of Hell: the first blade. We need it to kill Abaddon." Cain's fist clenched by his side at the mention of that name. "Look, I get it, you're retired. We're not here to get between you and the Demonic AARP, but it's bad out there, and I'm just looking to even the odds."
"I honestly don't know, Kevin, but he's got Cas and I'm pretty sure they're torturing him. Let's hope these guys are stupid enough to keep the GPS on so I can find 'em." Dean leaves the two men to their extraction business as he rushes upstairs to a laptop. He immediately types in the web address for tracking the phone and sees that the phone is in Columbia, Missouri six hours away. The Hunter hurried to his room to pack a bag of random items that he and Cas would need (because he's going to find him without a doubt) and calls Kevin on his way out the bunker to leave instructions.
“Ok, we’ll come up with something for next time. But for now…I say we take advantage of the fact that my brother is gone,” Dean smirked.
“I want to understand why Sam laughed so hard at something that is making you so uncomfortable, so that I could perhaps laugh as well.” Silence followed Castiel’s statement. Sam had remained quiet because he figured it wasn’t up to him to make sure the angel was informed. Dean hadn’t answered because he was trying to come up with the best way to explain the joke without embarrassing himself.
"Actually, Dean, do you remember those little figurines you carved of us?"
“God, Dean, you have a fetish, I swear,” Sam groaned from his bed. He was just a lump on his bed since was trying his best to actually go to sleep.
"I didn't even get his name," he chuckled darkly. Dean can already feel his alter ego taking over and he takes a moment to collect himself. He freezes in shock as he is suddenly bombarded with the picture of Castiel mounted on a rack with Dean's own hand around his neck. He shakes his head when the vision is interrupted by Kevin snapping his fingers in his face.
Dean had never moved so quickly in his life. Castiel scrambled out of the way to leave Dean the whole bed. As the younger man positioned himself, the angel moved to the foot of the bed and took in the sight before him. His hunter. His strong, amazing, loving hunter lay before him on display almost vibrating in anticipation. The seraph’s mouth began to water as he focused on the satin-covered ass in front of him. He needed to get his mouth on it, and soon. But first, he had to deliver.
Castiel was quiet as he collected his thoughts. There was no point in keeping anything from Sam anymore now that he knew everything. In fact, it may help Sam and Dean reconcile, as ungrateful as that particular bastard could be.
Castiel shook his head at each option. "Years."
"What the fuck, Cas?!" yelled Dean as he tried to regain his arm, but the other man held on tight.
"You want to do WHAT?" Dean roared.
," Dean accentuated with a subtle roll of his hips which caused Castiel to gasp.
Dean is just parking Baby as Castiel finishes his statement, and they hurriedly climb out of the car to walk into the dimly lit restaurant. They walk up to woman at the podium near the door who then takes them to a table in the middle of the floor.
“The fuck is so funny, Sam?” Dean growled. He should have known better than to expect his brother to stop laughing immediately to answer. After another minute of Sam’s carefree, smile inducing laugh, he finally stopped and wiped the tears from his eyes.
"We are both in rather embarrassing states of undress already, Dean, and this isn't real." Dean is too confused and horny to comprehend that statement right now and let Castiel continue, "It will feel real, however, when I'm through with you."
Castiel almost protested. Had Dean not experienced the past month? The physical ache of being apart from his lover? But before he voiced his opinion, he was struck with an idea. Withholding from sex right now could work to his advantage. The Angel smiled diabolically before acquiescing to his lover's wants. "As you wish, Dean, we will partake in your 'human traditions.'"
“Whoa,” whispered Dean with wide eyes. He openly ogled at the trench coated figure still standing near the door.
"I wouldn't."
"Did I tell you that dinner was ready,
"Confident, yes, Cas, but you also know that I can bullshit my way through just about anything. I was standing out there for a good minute trying to calm my nerves before I even knocked on the door, man."
"It's a code. One of my dad's storage lockers," Dean concedes. "He may have put something about the case there."
"Does that answer your question?" He growled threateningly. Dean nodded quickly in answer.
"What's wrong, Dean?"
"I know, I'm sorry," the hunter chuckled. He continued his exploration of the writhing being in front of him until Castiel was an utter moaning, breathless mess. Dean had never taken so much time to worship the body of another as he was doing now. There wasn't a centimeter of skin untouched and Castiel's body was flushed to match the many marks Dean had taken the time to make.
"Dean, why didn't you call me when all of this transpired?" Castiel was a little hurt that Dean didn't find it within in him to trust that even though Castiel might be human now, he still held vast amounts of knowledge and skill.
Castiel sits on the edge of the bed and leans his elbows on his thighs and runs his fingers through his hair in despair. The tension between him and Dean is heart wrenching and more so for the Angel since he is still new to many of the emotions running amok in his mind. It was easier to ignore them as an Angel. The impending doom of his departure feels enough to tear him apart. He straightens up as hears Dean making his way back to the room.
so g-good!"
"What?" he snapped.
"First of all, don't call it copulating, that shit just ain't right. Second, I'm totally into the fact that you're into trying new things," he replied. The Hunter's mind was already reeling with the possibilities.
Dean couldn't help the full bellied laugh he gave in response. It was simultaneously the best and worst line he'd ever heard. "I gotta say, Cas, that was original," he answered, "but uh...how about you put it into practice, hm?" he finished before leaning in to kiss his lover. There seemed to be a kind of electricity in the air as they moved against each other. Being apart had taken its toll, and now they get to remedy that.
“Do you have any?” inquired the angel. Dean nodded shyly without meeting Castiel’s gaze, biting his lip in his nervousness. “Let me see.” Dean made his way to his duffle where began to rummage and sift through his clothing, reaching far into the corners of the bag before he finally began to straighten back up. He didn’t bother turning to face Castiel before putting his thumbs through the waistband of his boxers and dropping them to the floor. Dean bent forward and put the pink satin panties on one leg at a time. Tantalizingly slowly, he brought the delicate garment up his beautifully bowed legs and rounded globes.
"Indeed. Name's Malachi," he smiled.
"Fuck, Dean, you look so delectable like that," Castiel whimpered. "Mmm, baby, I'll bet. Let's get this shower over and done with so we can get to the good stuff."
"Fuck, Cas!" yelled Dean in ecstasy, his hands grasping for purchase in the sheets.
"You're going to play hard to get? We have time for a montage?" retaliated the Demon in a tone full of sarcasm.
"How long have you known?" the taller man asked hardly above a whisper.
"Oh, so you
"Is this what you guys have been doing this whole time? Coming up with stupid shit? Did you learn ANYTHING while I was gone?"
Rescuing that broken soul was probably the hardest, yet most rewarding thing to ever happen to Castiel. The things that happened between the two men were pure in their intent; Dean sought to break that which couldn't be broken, and Castiel sought to fix that which was broken.
? You've been head over heels in love with Cas, who is a multi-dimensional wavelength of Celestial Intent,
The shorter man greedily thrust his tongue into Dean's channel, earning another moan. He continued this barrage for a few moments, and after swirling the trembling hole one last time, Castiel pulled back and smiled at the needy noises coming from his lover. Hastily, he made a grab for the lube that he had set on the bedside table in anticipation for today. After pouring and warming lube on his fingers, he slapped at the ass still being laid bare before him. He gently circled Dean before tentatively slipping the tip of his finger inside. He heard Dean breathe in and felt him tense up.
"They're dying, you know," the owner of the house continued. He passed a cup to Dean as well who merely stood there in shock. "Without bees, mankind will cease to exist. Fixing a cup for himself, the man continued, "So, what are the King of Hell and a Winchester doing at my house?"
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, Cas," Dean shivered, "You've been practicing again?" he asked, gripping Castiel's hips firmly as if to make sure that was in fact real. Where did his innocent little Angel go, and who replaced him with this absolute
"Oh great, now you're going to get all touchy-feely on me too?" The hunter, honestly, doesn't have the time nor the patience for this. He's tired and beat down from taking down all those demons that had stormed Cain's house.
“I did not help to conceive you,” replied Castiel with a tone that clearly stated he was confused. However, before Dean could begin to explain what he meant, Sam had thrown back his blanket and began laughing uncontrollably. The other two could only stare.
Also, Cas' ringtone on Dean's phone, I saw an opportunity and I took it. Anyways, enjoy!
"I gathered this from the erotic film 'The Cowboy and the Twink', I believe. I have learned how to use the internet on the phones you gave me."
"Fuck my face." The other man took in a breath in surprise and looked down at half lidded green eyes that were trying their damnedest to look innocent. "Use your mojo to get yourself hard again, and fuck my face, Daddy."
Dean thought he had done himself and Castiel a favor by sleeping in separate rooms until they solved their issue. He just wasn't ready to deal with everything right now. He needed to get out before he couldn't breathe anymore. He grabbed his things and made his way to the dungeon. Might as well to kill two birds with one stone.
"Never mind, Cas, what's your question?" Dean chuckled. He pulled Castiel flush against him, kneading a hand on his lover's ass, the other on his waist.
Sam could only look at the man in front of him in confusion. "He told me he never forgot."
"-asshole of a brother did this, but why did you keep this from me? I thought we were friends, Castiel!"
"Ha ha, Dean, very funny," the taller brother scoffed even as he brought his big brother in for a hug. "I was really worried I was going to lose you again, Dean."
"There is no need for you to be crass, Dean," spit Ezekiel haughtily, "I merely wished to state that I am not comfortable with you leaving your brother defenseless while you rendezvous with that heathen of a lover of yo-"
"Cas, care to elaborate?" asked Sam with a concerned edge to his voice. The younger Winchester motioned for the two of them to sit at the table. He had a feeling that he was going to need to be seated for whatever he was going to learn.
"That's alright, sweetheart, why don't you lie down for me?" Both men whimpered as Castiel unseated himself and laid down on the seat with one arm stretched back against the door to brace himself. All Dean could do was stare down at other man as he wantonly spread his legs with an expectant look in his eyes. "Look at you, sweetheart, all spread for me, your pretty little hole just twitching, waiting to be filled." It was Dean's turn to talk filthy.
"How could you love such a monster, huh?" Dean shouted. "You know, I had another dream a few days ago. I kissed you, and then carved into your chest for your heart because I wanted to see your 'love' pulsating in my palm. What kind of freak deserves you after that?!" Dean has to curl his hand into a fist so that the man across from him can't see how hard its trembling.
Castiel turned to leave the room without responding, feeling that his silence was the only answer the Demon needed. He went to the library to wait for Dean to come out of his room since the it had the best view of the hallway that led to the bedrooms. There was only a few minutes of silence before he heard the telltale signs of Dean losing his temper and taking it out on the wall. The Angel decided to forget his Hunter's wishes, and made his way to the room. He found Dean sitting on his bed, bloody hands holding his head. Castiel quietly moved past his lover, and went to retrieve the first aid kit in the en suite bathroom.
"Give me a few hours and I'll be good to go," Dean replied.
"That's ok, sweetheart, I've got you." As Dean said that last statement he became aware of an extraneous set of shallow breaths taking place somewhere close to him. The thing is...he doesn't see anyone else in the room. "Do you hear that?" he asks distractedly.
"Wait."
. Makes me want to throw up," deadpanned Sam. He couldn't keep the small smile from his face, however and Dean knows that Sam is only pulling his leg as is his duty as little bro.
"Fuck, Cas, what's the lesson I'm supposed to learn here, huh?" Dean whimpered. His baby is way too good at getting him riled up, but this quitting business right before the good part was going to drive him insane fast.
Just as the kisses were getting heavy, Castiel gently pushed away from the hunter and grabbed his hand to lead him into the bathroom. "I watched a film the other day where I saw the couple copulating in the shower," blurted Castiel before Dean could ask what the Angel's intentions were.
"Your sap."
Castiel nodded and brought their lips together. Dean entered the Angel with great care all the while laying kisses everywhere he could reach. Once fully seated, he laid still to allow for both to grow accustomed to being whole in each other.
So, this chapter is named after one of my favorite Rise Against songs, and it is very fitting for this chapter. The song tells a similar story to the one I've made for our favorite pair. Good news! I've mapped out the rest of the story (loosely) and there are potentially 7 more chapters, maaaaybe 5 b/c I might be able to combine a few of them if one of them is running a little short. Also, I don't ship Sastiel b/c it doesn't make sense to me. (I won't hate on it though) I just wanted to clarify that even though you are going to get a lot of Sam and Cas interactions for the next several chapters, this is still strictly a Destiel story. Now, I would tell you to enjoy, but this is just another morbid chapter :(
"That is the understatement of all time and space."
"Oh. I...I can see if I can catch a bus to Kansas city after this week. It's only 4 hours from the bunker."
"Y-yes, I want to be so good for you!"
The phrase "Oh really", dripping with sarcasm was the only warning Sam got before he was flung to the floor by his brother who crashed on top of him. The hot stew hit the both of them on their chests causing the brothers to hiss in pain briefly. They grappled along on the floor, Sam keeping the spoon from Dean and the older brother trying his hardest to reach it. After wrestling around for a moment, the Winchesters rolled apart from each other gasping for breath before making eye contact and falling into a fit of laughter.
Castiel paused to think about the consequences of coming too close to the boys once again. On the one hand, he can see Dean but on the other hand, he runs the risk of upsetting Ezekiel enough to leave which would be catastrophic for all parties involved.
"Don't you worry, sweetheart. I keep my promises." Castiel knows this is true; Dean has never let him down. "Goodbye, Cas. Call me when you get to your next stop."
When he finally returned to Heaven, he was reprimanded by Uriel. He was not to interfere in his charge's life until he received his orders from higher up.
"Sam-"
Walking up to the motel room that Castiel was waiting in found Dean nervously trying to calm himself. He thought he'd worked this out already in his mind on his way there, but obviously he's still having this crisis. He hopes it isn't obvious to Castiel and he prays that he can get over it. The last thing he wants to do is worry his Angel. He has no doubt that he loves him, but he still can't say where these nerves are coming from. Maybe the distance really was taking its toll? The eldest Winchester can't wait for Ezekiel to finally finish healing himself and Sam so that he can bring Castiel home and be done with this long-distance nonsense. He takes one last calming breath before knocking on the door. He shakily inhales another when he hears the door open and his breath hitches when he sees the nervous blush and smile on the face of his darlin'. He can't keep from smiling as he walks in. You know, maybe he was just nervous after all. He can do this.
Sam gave a humorless chuckle before continuing with his interrogation. "I get why my asshole of a brother did this, but why did you keep this from me? I thought we were friends, Castiel!"
A nervous cough came behind the two men. “Um. I don’t know if you guys are, but it wouldn’t surprise me if you do.” Castiel shook his head to assure everyone in the room that no, they have not done anything they are implying.
"I get what you mean, long distance relationships always have a strain to them. It's what I'm calling for actually."
"Alright, hold on. I'm almost done here." Dean takes off the last piece of his lover's clothes and turns on the water to a comfortable temperature before retrieving a bottle of water from the adjacent room. Once he deems the temperature adequate, he puts the stopper down to allow the water to collect. Dean places a hand behind the Angel's head to bring him forward enough to drink from the bottle, only allowing him to sip at the water. Too much at once and Castiel would only throw it back up. Knowing that cleaning the other man was only going to get himself wet, Dean undressed until he was only clothed in his underwear before he bent back over Castiel with a washcloth in his hand.
"I don't know that you have earned that privilege, Dean, especially when you are disobeying."
The next few minutes were filled with heavy breaths and moans from both men. Dean's could feel himself on the cusp of coming again, but there was something he was missing to bring him over the edge. "Cum inside me again, Daddy. Fill me up," Dean whispered against the angel's lips.
He couldn't keep the tears of joy from coming down his face. He had been aware enough to stay invisible so that he could spend the next few hours watching over his charge without startling the humans. As Dean was whisked away from his parents to the ward where they kept the new borns, Castiel took it upon himself to follow the baby down the hall. He checked to make sure that his charge was free of any and all ailments and that he would sleep comfortably. The Angel couldn't keep the fond smile off his face for the entire time that he spent in his charge's presence. The hours seemed to fly by before Castiel remembered that he had left his garrison mid-practice. He lovingly gazed at the miracle in front of him, and leaned down to press a kiss to his brow. He spared one last caress to the cheek of the slumbering baby before he flew back home.
"Let's uh...let's head out to the bunker. I'll check your wounds before we go," Dean choked out. He hastily got out of the bed and locked himself in the bathroom to get ready.
"I beg to differ as the one doing the worshipping. It was most certainly a holy experience for me."
Dean dropped his phone on the counter and pressed his palms into his eyes. Great, why couldn't he tell that Sam was only joking? "Fuuuuccccccckkkk, I need a drink," said the older Winchester as he made his way out of the kitchen and into the library. The Men of Letters were so damn classy, they had booze where they read.
"Dean, I-" Castiel starts. He stopped mid sentence because Dean's grip on the wheel tightened once more and he shook his head while sighing. "But-"
"You mean the me that cut into you everyday for five years?" Dean shoots back bitterly. Flashes of what he has been remembering the past few months come to the surface, and he feels sick to his stomach.
"What the fuck do you want, Crowley?!" yelled an exasperated Winchester. He hadn't realized that he was staring into space.
Dean sits at the table so that he can take a moment to contemplate on how he is going to apologize to his lover later. He doesn't deserve to be forgiven and he knows it.
“Yes, I have always found his voice grating on the nerves, but you love him so I love him.”
"How long?" he growled.
"I'm going to visit The Grand Canyon," said Castiel after a long enough pause. "I've flown through it in passing but I want to take my time when I go now."
"Yes, Daddy."
"You fucking sap."
"Hm, debatable. You just have the patience and control of a saint," countered Dean. "Not that there was anything holy about what we did," he smirked.
"Is Dean alright? Is he hurt?" asked Castiel hurriedly. Sam can understand why the Angel would automatically assume something was wrong if it wasn't Dean calling him to tell him the news. It's just how it is: Sam only calls when Dean can't make the call himself.
The choking atmosphere of the car lifted immediately and Dean felt like he could breathe again. Not wanting to lapse into uncomfortable silence again, he asks, "So what were you thinking about this whole time? You looked pretty lost in thought there."
"Dean has gone and found Cain, the man who killed his brother, Abel, and received his mark so that he can kill Abaddon," Castiel rushed. It was better to be blunt and precise with such revelations.
The drive back to the hotel was fairly short, and the boys decided to stay the night before making the drive back to the bunker the following day. Sam quietly and quickly gathered his things as Dean puttered around the mini fridge and passed Castiel a beer.
He's also pretty sure he's single right now.
"The most beautiful soul in all of Creation," Castiel answers in a tone of awe. "A soul made just for
say, beloved, least of all a "thank you." The only thing I require to hear is that you love me."
"Oh, I love where this is going."
"Agatha," she answered quickly.
Castiel ignored the hunter and continued to tease along Dean's cock with just his tongue. For added torture, he curved his fingers into the human's prostate. The angel chuckled lowly when he heard Dean tug hard on his restraints and curse aloud.
"Sam, that's enough! We're not going to talk about this. Cas is leaving because he wants to and that's that!" Sam is taken aback by the ferocity of Dean's words. He's aware that he may have crossed a line but these guys have been avoiding the inevitable for too long.
"Yes," he answered simply. He paused before continuing with, "I hadn't anticipated the Grace dampening shackles, but I had a mission. I had to restore you body
"Cas, what is it you want? If you've really been watching me at all over the years, which is both endearing and creepy, you know I'm pretty much open to anything in bed," said Dean reassuringly.
"Hello, Dean," came a somber voice.
. A soul that I saw struggling to burn brighter than the Hell Fire that almost consumed it. A soul that I nursed back to health in the only way that I know how: through forgiveness. And look at what you have done with that forgiveness. You have shoved it back into my face."
The Angel nodded in response and sat down at the table.
"I feel something dark," Crowley stated.
Sam's mouth was wide open in confusion and staring between the two men in front of him. He knew his brother would be an idiot about his feelings for the Angel, but he didn't it know it would be this bad. Well, if Dean won't help himself then Sam is more than willing to grovel for his brother's chance at happiness. "Obviously Dean didn't try hard enough if you're still leaving! You have no idea how much this guy hurts when you're missing, Cas! He's a mess when you're not here-"
Castiel was in that midway point between the waking and slumbering world when he heard the door to his room open. He doesn't need to open his eyes to know that it's Dean.
"Castiel. My name is Castiel. It is a pleasure to finally meet you, Dean, I have heard much about you from your brother. I must say, you are not what I pictured."
The little Angel's eyes widened in realization. "I'll go study right now, Father! I have to be ready for when Dean comes!" That was probably the last time that Castiel saw his Father, but the memory still brings a certain warmth to his heart.
me already," came Dean's gruff voice.
"No. I'm asking for permission to make love to you, Cas, as corny as that sounds," Dean chuckled nervously.
Castiel could only nod and chew on his bottom lip nervously while still averting his gaze.
"Please what, darlin'?" asked Dean as he made a bruise with his mouth on the inner part of Castiel's thigh. "What do you want?" he urged when he didn't receive an answer.
"Yes. I am merely choosing to disregard your anger, and take care of you since you are dead set on disregarding yourself!" Castiel yelled. Dean flinched when Castiel yelled because he was reminded of what he used to be. Dean huffed a breath and Castiel counted it a blessing when he was allowed to attend to the wounds again. It was therapeutic in a way for the Angel since he no longer had the power to heal instantly, he could still do it this way. They sat in silence while Castiel worked on the hands he loves so much. He rubbed a soothing finger over the bandages when he finished, and was disappointed when his lover wouldn't meet his eyes.
"Dean. Deeeeeeeaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnn. DEAN!"
"That sounds great, Cas," replies Dean without enthusiasm.
"Never heard of it. Are you making this up? If you are, I'll kill you. No qualms whatsoever," replied Dean as he pulled out Ruby's knife to reinforce his statement.
“Guys! You better be dressed when I open this door!” Sam’s muffled voice came menacingly through the door. The knob jiggling indicating that he was going to walk through in just a second.
"You're problem, mate, is that nobody hates you more than you do. Believe me, I've tried." Well, isn't that just part of his charm? He really cannot believe that he is hearing this from the King of Hell of ALL people.
thinks Dean to himself.
"So, Cas, how'd you like your room?" he asked looking pointedly at Dean. He has seen those figurines, he's not stupid. If anything, it solidified every theory he had about the two men across from him.
"I was looking forward to meeting you, but now I've gone and given you the worst impression of me," he mumbles.
"Yes," Castiel murmured. He recalls that delicate soul that had been torn asunder because of its time spent in Hell. The soul that he loved with his entire being and watched slowly heal itself. The torture was a means to an end: it wasn't the
"Goodbye, Dean."
"Dean...I don't think I have the energy to walk."
"Like what, Cas?" panted Dean.
“Hey, no one did anything, all right?” said Dean before Rowena could retort. “Let’s figure out this mess first, then we’ll see how good lookin’ and I do after this.”
Never had Dean felt his dick begin to fill out so quickly in his life. He immediately turned around and presented his flushed face to look at his lover. He was met with a smug look. One that Dean knew all too well.
"Have you really been in love with Dean for thousands of years?"
"Whatever," Sam spits out as he angrily leaves the rest of his dessert on the table and makes his way to his bedroom. Dean doesn't breathe until he hears Sam's door slam shut.
"I think we started at nine this morning...I'm not sure. Anyway, I'm going to shower."
"Do either of you keep bees?" asked Cain from seemingly nowhere as he stepped into the living room. Oddly, he was carrying a tray of tea. "It's very relaxing. They're such noble creatures. And the honey, well, I keep it right on the comb." He passed a cup to the King of Hell who proceeded to uncontrollably shake. Or, perhaps, he was already shaking, and Dean just couldn't tell until there was a rattle to accompany the shake.
"Really? Got any more?" asked Dean with his mouth an inch away from his lover's lips. Castiel pondered for a moment before answering, "If having a flaccid penis were Hell, then I will be the one to grip you tight and raise you from Perdition. How does that one sound?"
"What? No! Of course not!" Sam is well aware that he isn't convincing anyone with that act, but he could try.
"Dean. Dean, it's ok," croaked Castiel. Dean looked up to find himself drowning in blue.
"I've been trying to speak to you for the past minute, squirrel. What has you in a tizzy? Besides Moose's current status, of course."
The trio watches as the Angel walks into the library in silence.
"So it's like getting the penthouse suite rather than a motel with an hourly rate, idiot."
"I-I know, Cas, I just...can you come within at least a day's drive from here so my brother can go see you? He won't admit it to me but I know that's what it is. He's got this ridiculous need to assert his manliness and "lack" of emotions in order to keep a facade that no one here gives two shits about. He misses you and he can't bring himself to say it out loud."
"Now, now, Castiel. There is no use crying over blood that hasn't been spilled yet."
"I-I didn't know I wasn't supposed to! I just didn't want to have to repeat anything. Sorry," Kevin replied sheepishly.
"Mm. True. How perceptive you've become since falling prey to Metatron."
The younger Winchester had wanted to walk in there, but he really wanted to hear Dean get his ass handed to him. What he hadn't expected was to learn things about his brother from when he was in Hell. There was so much to process, and his head was now spinning with all the knowledge he was gaining. But what he still doesn't know is what mark Castiel is talking about, nor why Dean has memory issues.
"I don't give a rat's
"Yes...that sounds like a suitable idea," replied the blue eyed man.
"I'm sorry, dude, I just wanted the least amount of people to know this secret so that it would have a smaller possibility of leaking. Just don't tell Sam and keep an eye on him for me, alright?" asked Dean as he placed a hand on the honorary Winchester's shoulder. There was nothing wrong with being precautious.
chance you get to see me, Dean, I want you there with me. I don't care if it's for five seconds or five years. Just
"Please, please don't ask that."
Dean chuckled darkly to himself before reaching back into his jacket to replace the knife and fish out his father's journal. He quickly flipped through, skimming until he found the area in it that corroborated with Crowley's story. The Demon meanwhile spared a glare for a man a few stools down before bringing back his attention to the Hunter.
"Are you going to come for me like a good boy, Dean?"
"Mind telling me what it is?" asked Sam as he placed a coffee cup in front of the other man.
"I get it, Cas, I really do, but it's taken years for me to reaccept who I am, ok? And I can't even say I'm fully comfortable with myself either, but for you...I've been trying. It was slow going, but I've been working up the courage to say something to you, but the timing was never right. I didn't want it to be some kind of eleventh hour confession and quick romp in the sheets before we set off to die, ok? Because you deserve so much better than that and you deserve so much better than me."
"I am drawn to the goodness within you, Dean."
"I hope you don't," Castiel says barely audible. Not for the Angel's sake, but for his own. Dean is not ready to face the truth behind his missing memories.
"Dean, you have to kill the witch. So you can get better," Castiel struggled to say.
Dean knows that the next thing out of his mouth will determine how this will go.
"I won't."
"You cannot mean that, Samuel. I know that the love for your brother is deeply ingrained."
"Allow me to exploit it first," answered the Angel with a smirk. The Angel approached the other man with a wild look in his eye that sent another shiver down the Hunter's spine. Dean started to slowly crawl away from Castiel with worry etched on his face.
"I wasn't asking you, Blue Eyes, I was telling you," she smiled. She pushed him towards the cupboards and yelled out ingredients for him to take out while she dug through the refrigerator.
"It's ok, Dean, you don't have to. We can just do it like before," the shorter man hastily interrupted. Castiel had been hoping that Dean would say yes, though. Submitting to Castiel would have been a way to solidify something for him. Letting Dean top had been what allowed Dean to keep his "manly" facade in that he wasn't the one exposed. The Angel had wanted his Hunter to trust him completely and the only way for him to know was for Dean to allow him to take control.
Castiel sighs.
"And what lesson is that, asshole?!" muttered Dean forcefully through gritted teeth.
“Ok, ok, Dean. Remember I told you our best friend is an angel?” Sam wheezed still trying to catch his breath.
"I just..." Castiel begins, "I just missed you so much, beloved, that I couldn't wait for you to get here and now that you're here...I don't know what to do," he spoke with a tremor in his voice. The hunter sometimes gets frustrated with his lover because he doesn't follow normal human protocol, but at this point this is actually a good thing. A normal person would have just kept what he just said to themselves and it would have eaten at their time together until something exploded.
"Wow, Cas, tell me how you really feel," Dean countered sarcastically. Maybe Castiel's lack of propriety in sharing information wasn't such a good thing after all.
“You’re calling me by every other name under creation except for the one you and I are both craving for you to use.”
Castiel could feel his heart break into a million pieces. The man before him was beautiful in every sense of the word, but he still struggled with self-worth, and probably always would and he needed to accept that part of Dean if he was going to love him fully. The angel stepped forward to cup Dean's cheek in his palm and began to wipe away the stray tear that appeared. "Dean, if anyone here is unworthy, it is me." Green eyes shot up to meet blue eyes in anger. "Let me finish," he said sternly, not giving Dean the chance to retort.
Castiel gradually slowed the thrust of his hips until he finally came to a stop. With a grimace, he pulled out and watched his come begin to leak from the abused hole, and without thinking, he leaned forward and swiped his tongue to gather it.
"I just...I was hoping I would be able to see you. Sam said there was a werewolf case in Utah that I'm gonna take care of. If you were close enough, I was going to come see you, but you're in the opposite direction," Dean answered sullenly.
With a slow, dirty swivel of his hips, Castiel began a brutal pace that caused the headboard to hit the wall behind it. He was quickly racing towards the finish line.
"What the hell, Cas?" Dean panted angrily.
Dean packed his bag for the hunt before he settled in for bed. After laying in the dark for a few moments, he gathered the courage to call Castiel.
"Oh, you don't mean that, we're having fun," he smiled. "Take heed, love, we need all the help we can get. And, yes, that is
"More!"
When he finally came out of the shower, he sent a text to Charlie:
Dean nodded and bit his lip to keep from retorting. He'd been bad by acting the way he had and Castiel had every right to hit him in response. He could be good for his angel. He
"In here, Dean!" came the muffed reply.
"Whatever 'human tradition' calls for is fine," Castiel answers with a smirk so that his lover can know that his attitude had been in jest. He's glad he did when he sees the shoulders of the man next to him slump down in relief.
Dean had not been anticipating getting punched the moment he walked away from Castiel, but now that he had been, he was pissed. Just as he's getting ready to reciprocate the hit, he sees the frightened look on Charlie and Kevin's faces. He doesn't give himself time to think about where Charlie even came from when he just turns to his bedroom to grab his things and leave.
"You're not even going to try to persuade me that you're good enough to come along?" asked Dean suspiciously turning around to face his brother.
Castiel watched as Dean rushed through his prep, and knew that Dean was going to be sore, but was going to love the reminder of having had the seraph inside him. In what seemed like no time, Castiel told Dean he looked ready.
"That sounds extremely promising, Dean. Though I think I would have opted for a Batman mask. You would obviously be wearing a Robin one," he smirked. How fortunate that Metatron had seen fit to download pop culture into his brain so that he could see the red flush that immediately took over freckled cheeks."
"Hm...we will have to buy you one. Among other things."
"God, Dean, you feel so good," panted Castiel unconsciously pounding harder into the body beneath him.
"I gotta admit it didn't go the way I thought it would, Cas, but...at least we got that out of the way. Samantha must be on her period or something."
, I can assure that I will be rocking you on
"For what?" she asks with a wary smile.
"Wh-what was that?" the other man asked wide-eyed.
"She is!" yelled the man that was killing them slowly. He was pointing at Rowena.
"You sure?"
"What is it, love?" Dean flinches again and Castiel's eyes widen in fear.
"I wanted to see your face...and I noticed that you like being manhandled," smirked Castiel.
"You sound very angry, Sam," observed the Angel. "I'm not angry, I just feel like I'm suffocating. I literally cannot breathe because his depression is so far gone. Kevin left so that he can get fresh air a week ago and packed enough to be gone for a month. Dean isn't letting me out of his sight so I don't have that option. Please, Cas? Do this for all of us?" Sam knows he sounds desperate and selfish but he really is doing this for his big brother.
"Cas! Cas, baby, come on. Wake up!" Dean shook the Angel's body until he saw Castiel's eyes flicker open. "Oh thank God! Are you ok?!" As he asked, Dean took the chance to really look at Castiel and he couldn't keep the tears that welled up in his eyes from falling. There were countless bruises and cuts lining the torso of his lover. Castiel hissed as Dean ran a tentative finger along a particularly nasty bruise along his ribs.
"Dean, please-" Sam gasped from next to Castiel.
"Dean that is not wise-"
Dean has barely registered what came out of the Angel's mouth before Castiel was halfway across the room with a foot on the stairs that lead outside. Before he could stop himself, he jumped out of his seat and grabbed Castiel's wrist and turned him so that they faced each other. "What are you doing, Dean?! Let me go! You're putting yourself and your brother at risk by keeping me here and I refuse to be the cause of more hardship between you anymore! I'm trying to make this easier for you. Don't make this harder than it already is," Castiel pleaded. He refused to look at his Hunter in the eyes because he wasn't strong enough to deal with all these emotions.
Dean was met with a look he hadn't seen in a very long time and he was extremely lucky he didn't come prematurely at the sight of it. That unimpressed stare coupled with what he had internally dubbed "The Dom brow" was enough to make his lust surge. The angel didn't speak at all as he quickly leaned forward and grabbed one of Dean's wrists in each hand. This brought them close enough to breathe in each other's air once more.
"Are you sure, Crowley?" the Angel spoke barely audible. He couldn't help the shiver that ran down his spine at the implications if their findings were true.
“It’s no problem, Cas. I’ll just get us some food. We passed a diner on the way here. I’ll take my time,” sighed Sam. He places his bag on his bed, grabs the keys, and heads out the door. The roar of the Impala filled the room before the two men saw the headlights back up and then turn away as Sam took off.
The two brothers take their time walking around the campus (Dean leading Baby around behind him) and catching up on each other's lives when they find themselves in front of the classroom of Sam's History professor. When they walk into it, they see a figure at the front writing on the chalkboard. As Sam makes his way over, Dean hangs back by the door and studies the man from a distance.
. So black they may be, but impure they are not."
"Are you telling me it's MY fault they're black?" Dean asked in shock.
"I know you've been around long enough to know that your little weapon there isn't going to hurt me."
Dean leaned down to help bring Castiel into a standing position and then proceeded to carry the man bridal style to the Impala. Once seated, Castiel promptly fell asleep and the Hunter was left to ponder their next move. Neither of them was in a state that would allow them to go back to the bunker that night, but they couldn't stay in this town either. Dean made the decision to drive for an hour and a half before stopping at a convenience store. He changed his bloodied shirt before stepping inside to buy all the supplies he would need to clean up Castiel's wounds as well as some food and water. After driving a few more miles, he found a fairly cheap motel and paid for the night.
"Yeah, that's not going to happen, Winchester."
"Isn't that a good thing?" hesitates Charlie. The Angel turns a stern look to the unsuspecting ginger causing her to flinch.
"Oh, well, 'sweetheart,' and I are getting reacquainted. Much time has transpired since we last saw each other and there are some things we need to talk about." There was a grunt and muffled scream that made Dean's stomach turn in knots.
"Then me and my knife skills are gonna have a good ol' time cuttin' you up nice and pretty for Daddy," Dean finished with the demented smile reserved for his torturing days. Even Crowley shuddered.
Maybe he could share a little, just not all.
Dean sat up in his bed with his face full of moisture and ragged breath coursing through his lungs.
The grip on his hair was on the right side of painful and he did nothing to stop the groan it caused which was answered with a moan from the man above him. Dean once more closed his eyes and focused on creating suction and twisting his tongue in the way he knew would drive Castiel crazy. He lost track of time as he was guided back and forth on the massive length in his mouth.
"Dean..." he groans.
"I was thinking maybe we could bring Charlie back from Oz. She's really good with a computer, and we could use her expertise to track down Metratron and Gadreel."
"Well, it's not your day for getaways, is it?" asks Dean as he roams around, trying to find a way out of the house. The Hunter takes a moment to calm himself. He can't allow his attitude to get in the way of their escape. "Alright, so tell me about Cain."
"Fuck, ok, Cas."
"All right, Doctor Who," Dean blushed with a chuckle. "Are you gonna do something about it?"
"Because fucking enough girls gives you a good idea about what feels good to the dick ramming in and out of you," he answered, face slack with pleasure at his lover's ministrations.
The men arrive just in time for Castiel to purchase a ticket to Louisiana before the bus parks and starts taking in its passengers. The lovers give each other a desperate kiss.
After taking a detour (that left Dean feeling a loss he couldn't place...he keeps thinking about the color blue for some reason. And not just any blue, we're talking deep ocean blue), he and Agatha made their way to the Law section of the library where Dean saw the hunched figure of none other than his brother Sam.
"Is there anything you miss about being an Angel?" Dean asked after a few moments of lazy kisses and touches. He knows that he's asking a loaded question but he wants to be sure that he is being considerate of Castiel. Being thrust into the human life the way he was had to be hard on him, and there was the slight possibility that he hasn't voiced it yet.
"What? Why?" Dean couldn't keep the anger out of his voice. Typical Castiel leaving when things got just the tiniest bit difficult.
"Why in the name of everything holy did you stop, Dean?" demanded Castiel aggravatedly.
"Thanks so much, Cas, I will!"
"Dean, to be fair," interrupted Sam, "I've known you my whole life and even I knew better than to out you. I don't know what made you think I was some type of homophobe, but I've known you were bisexual since you were in high school. Maybe you had a problem with being not-so-straight? I know Dad's attitude didn't help."
Castiel nodded along to show he agreed with Sam. "And I feared rejection, Dean. I had no way of knowing how you would respond, and I would rather suffer in silence and continue to bask in your presence as a friend than not at all."
“If you are ready for your punishment, I’d like for you to show your consent with your chest on the bed, hands crossed behind your back, and your ass in the air.”
"Well, after Cain killed Abel, he became a Demon."
Please note that I love parallelism even in my fics so although I used a lot of dialogue from the show in the chapter, I wasn't being lazy. The interaction between Dean and Crowley and Cain in this particular episode was absolutely perfect, and I needed it. I did tweak it to fit a few things in there as well.
"Hey, um, I'll be right back, guys," said Charlie as she stepped out after a tense moment of silence.
"Well, you can consider those an exact representation of my wings. They weren't always so, but I think your subconscious must recall them."
"'Cause it's my job to know these things. Now, if anything happens, you know that Kevin's here to help and if he can't help you then you know that I'm only a few hours away, ok?"
The look on Sam's face and the news he just received caused Castiel to heave a great sigh. These boys never mess up by halves.
"You were dying, Sam. He told your brother that he was Ezekiel, and by the time I met up with you guys, I no longer had Grace and therefore couldn't differentiate him from any other Angel. I know that this doesn't justify your brother's actions, but he thought he was doing the right thing," Castiel consoled.
"My apologies," laughed Castiel as he laid a kiss on Dean's lips. Grabbing his member, Castiel rubbed himself teasingly at Dean's entrance before finally pushing in.
promise you..." Dean sighed. He's starting to think that he should just stop making promises to shady people.
"It's not your fault, Cas," Sam sighed.
"No. No, you are going to learn for yourself," said Castiel as he petulantly crossed his arms over his chest.
"No. No, Cas, you didn't say anything wrong. I just-that's beautiful," replied Charlie, wiping at her eye. Silly, girly feelings. She's a sap for a good love story and she knows it.
As the waitress stalks off to place their drink order, the two men spare a moment to take in the restaurant better. It has a semi casual atmosphere and a romantic ambience. It was during this brief moment that Castiel saw his chance to do something very mischievous he saw in a movie. In mid sentence about what movie the two men would watch later in the evening, he "accidentally" dropped his spoon underneath the table. Dean merely gave him an odd look as the Angel dove under the table with a smirk on his face, glad for the excessively large tablecloth.
“You don’t even know your name right now, how can we trust you?” counters Sam sadly.
The shorter man pulled back his hand as if burned by the words. He merely glared at Dean as he balled his hand into a fist by his side. He saw Kevin's brow lift in question at the stiff interaction between the two men. Castiel just shook his head before he could inquire anything. This thing was between him and Dean.
“Sweetheart, what’re you talking about?” Several slaps in the same spot in quick succession came after his response. Dean couldn't help the shout that escaped his lips.
"Did you make these, Dean?" Castiel asked in a whisper as he went to touch them as delicately as possible.
When he came back out, Dean made no move to show that he knew someone was in the room with him until Castiel gently grabbed his hand.
Once more, Castiel chose to act without answering. First, he snapped away his own clothes and Dean drew in a sharp breath at the sight of muscled and tanned skin and a cock that made his mouth water.
The eldest Winchester makes his way into the room where Castiel is contentedly eating his burrito. He can see those blue eyes light up when he says they have to talk. His heart breaks when he sees those azure eyes staring back at him in fear and confusion after being asked to leave.
"You know, I'm not sure when you started calling me that, but I really, really love it. Now, get on that bus before I glue you to my side," said Dean as he gave a playful slap to the Angel's rear. Castiel placed his bag in the compartment underneath the bus and slowly made his way to the doors. He hesitated on the first step and turned around and grabbed onto Dean sobbing and grasping tightly at the Hunter.
"Oh?" Dean replied sullenly. He had been hoping that the Angel would have been somewhere near Utah so that he could swing by and see him after taking care of the werewolf issue. It always seemed like Castiel was on the opposite side of the country whenever they ventured out on a hunt.
No matter how long Castiel was in hell, he was never lost. Dean's soul was as a beacon calling out to him at all times. For decades he trudged and fought his way closer and closer to that dimming light. Because dim it did. The longer it took for the Angel to reach the Hunter, the dimmer the light grew until that fateful day that Dean decided to come off the rack and turn from being the tortured into the torturer. The Angel knew the exact moment that he had failed in reaching the Righteous Man on time because he had been fighting a rather vicious hell hound and his master when everything seemed to stop. He could hear the labored breathing of the hound and the rustling of his wings in the hot winds ever present in The Pit. There was a low rumble that emanated from the point where Dean was located and he was reminded of the visit Jesus had made to Hell eons ago, but what Castiel mistook for a tremor in the earth was actually the howls of victory from every being in the underworld. The Angel took this opportunity to catch the demon and his dog off guard and killed them with swift blows to the neck. He wings and head hung in defeat as he stalked off alone in the direction of the soul he was sent to rescue. In place of the bright light he had seen for the past thirty years, he was now following a softened light that had the appearance of a crack running through the middle. His heart broke for the man he had failed, and vowed to erase the worst parts of Dean's time here as victim and torturer so that he may keep some semblance of sanity when he was back on Earth. It was not in his power to eradicate all visions of hell from Dean's mind, but he would surely take on what he could.
After his shower Dean curls on his bed reaches for his phone to shoot a text to said Angel.
"I can see that. What about you, handsome?" Sadly, it seemed as if Castiel was not listening. He was entirely focused on the body before him, his eyes hungrily tracing every angle. Desire was the biggest emotion in his expression, but awe was in the forefront.  "Cas?"
Dean looked down at his gun as if it was a foreign object, but otherwise didn't react to what Sam had said. The trio slowly crept towards him. When they were a few feet away from him, he finally looked up at them at all.
Dean felt his heart stop.
"Do you really need all of this stuff, Charlie?" Sam asked with trepidation.
Without pause Castiel answers, “Everything.” The silence that follows weighs heavily. Electricity in the air is nearly tangible. They both shift closer, breathing each other’s air. Blue and green challenging one another to take the final plunge.
"Listen, the only other person that I ever felt this strongly for was named Cassie. She and I didn't work for reasons that don't matter right now, but when I heard your name for the first time, I just knew you were going to be something special to me. And you are, man. That whole 'profound bond' spiel that you gave a few years ago is one of many things I would like to call this thing. I just-I want one night with you now as a promise that the next time I see you and every time after that, will end in this way. But it's not about the sex, Cas, I need you to understand that I want to build something with you that will blow everything else away. You're always going to be my Angel, Cas, literally and figuratively and," he said as he brought a hand to the other man's face, "I want to give you your wings back if only for tonight."
Dean perked up. "Yeah?"
"Yeah? What other things?" Dean teased.
“What ever could you be implying, my dear?” he frowned in mock innocence. “Stop covering yourself, Dean. You are obscuring my view.” Dean stopped fidgeting and stood with clenched fists and an indignant look on his face.
“Guys. Guys, wait. Who’s the hot guy? Is he someone we know?” Dean interrupts just as Castiel opened his mouth to reply. There was a shocked silence for a few seconds before Rowena and Sam laugh so hard they have to cling to each other to keep from falling over. The angel turns red in the face and looks at the far wall to his right.
“No,” Dean giggled. “Sexual healing,” the man sang with a mischievous smile.
"Is that budoir smile for me?" asked Crowley as he sat next to Dean. He gave a disgusted look to the dingy bar the two men had walked into 20 minutes ago. "This bar is a bust. Your prey, Gadreel, has left the building, if our preliminary search is any indication. So, it's time to move back onto more pressing matters-like destroying Abaddon," Crowley pleaded.
A few minutes later, Charlie was walking back into the library with tea for herself and for Castiel, the only other person still in the room.
"Will I regret this later?" asks Castiel before he can stop himself.
"Cas, what in the actual FUCK are you doing?" Dean angrily whispered casting a wary glance around him.
Dean stepped into the room in front of him after dispatching those in his way. The sight in front of him made his heart lurch. Castiel was on his knees with a hand in his hair holding his head back, an angel blade against his throat.
"Ah-that's a funny story, really," Crowley nervously chuckled from next to Dean. "Bit of a misunderstanding. Really, we should-"
"It's upstairs...I could take you if you'd like," she said with a glint her eye.
"Either way, it served your purposes. I am currently in Alta, Utah. But I want it to be a surprise so tell him that you caught wind of a hunt here and send him to the only motel in town. I will inform you of my room number when I get one."
Castiel slowly puts down his food and swallows with difficulty as his throat feels constricted and his lungs are trying to regain normal function. He looks down at his feet so that he can spare Dean the weakness that is now pooling at the corners of his eyes. "I-I understand, Dean. Our friendship is irreparably broken and having me around would just be a burden to you...the only thing I ask is that I be allowed to stay the night. But if that is too much to ask then I can leave right now. You need only say so." Castiel wipes at his eyes quickly and takes a deep stuttering breath as he finishes his statement. He cannot make himself look at Dean for fear of seeing a disgusted expression on his face.
That night, Dean was left to ponder for hours before finally succumbing to slumber
"Haha, Dean, very funny," Sam answered sarcastically with a small smile. That moment of glee didn't last long, however, because Sam wasn't going to just let this blow over. "You know, this isn't the first time that this has happened? I keep noticing chunks of time missing, man. And I keep getting more and more tired, I don't feel like I'm resting anymore. I-I'm scared, Dean," Sam whispers. He feels remorseful about dropping this huge load onto his brother right before he leaves to see Castiel, but he can't keep it a secret anymore. He's not feeling better.
knows he wants to kiss the man in front of him but he can't bring himself to do it. He knows where it would lead and he's aware that the repercussions of those actions were sure to be heartache and loss as was his experience with all of his relationships. If he was going to do something like that with Castiel, it was going to mean something and there was going to be a promise of more to come. He's a 35 year old man and he's done with the one night stands and the faceless/nameless girls. He wants a relationship that means something to him. Castiel is that person but this is not the time because he has to leave. He backs away from the Angel and clears his throat.
. I quickly put in a second finger, chasing that
Dean's heart throbbed as he heard the way his brother spoke about him. Of course Sam has every right to feel this way, but that didn't mean it didn't hurt like a mother fucker hearing it anyway.
"He would never have given me the blade. Who can say no to you? Hell, you've even got Angels on their knees for you, darling."
"I don't know, man, I watched you walk over here. Maybe the Men in Black got you, eh?" he finishes with that smirk that's a surefire way to get his brother to laugh.
Sadly, this is a very short chapter. I have two more to upload before I'm caught up where I am on ff.net (I am Chrisinele-hime there) When I update there, you guys will get an update here either the same day, or the following day.
"Now, what kind of gentleman would I be to make such a pretty young thing such as yourself show a big ol' brute like me around? I don't wanna waste your precious time," he answered in a flirtatious whisper.
"No," deadpanned Sam.
"Well you were talking and then you stopped...oh! I'm sorry! I didn't introduce you to my brother. Dean get over here!" Dean clutched at his rapidly beating heart for a brief second as he tentatively made his way towards his brother. When he finally reached them, Sam put his arm around his shoulder. "Professor Novak, this my brother, Dean. Dean, this is my History professor."
"Goddamn, Cas!" Dean chuckled. "I've never come so long or hard in my life, and that bit at the end there was hot. Not bad for a virgin," he teased.
"No, squirrel. Gadreel," Crowley spoke with a convincing solemn look on his features.
"Not a prob, Cas," smiled Sam.
"You are aware that I was unconscious and under duress for much of the last 36 hours, correct? Everything was hard to understand under that cloud of starvation and torture." Castiel growled. He knows how touchy the Hunter gets when something is wrong with Sam, but it can be down right annoying...at all times, really. "But Dean you need to listen to me. You have no idea just how bad this is for Sam. Gadreel is the one that caused the fall of man from the Garden."
The moment that Dean pulled Baby into the garage, he tore out of the car as if electrocuted. Castiel steadily walked to the trunk and took his and Dean's bags out before heading inside. He knew that Dean would first go to check on Sam so he headed to place their things in the Hunter's bedroom first.
? Two wasn't enough either, Dean, I needed
"Hey, Sammy, come on, those trials really got to you, ok? I know you're tired of hearing that," Dean said as he held up a finger to keep Sam from saying what he knew he would, "But you're going to be fine soon, alright?"
"It means that you are an idiot," Castiel sneered. "Do you even know what that mark does?" he asked while he gestured to the other man's arm.
"Yeah? What kind?" asked Dean absentmindedly as he got a new spoon to stir the stew with after putting the original in the sink.
A knock at the door shakes Sam out of his reverie. Dean answers the door before Sam could stop him.
The Angel didn't have the energy to try to comprehend what he'd just read. He doesn't know who Charlie is, but obviously he has some sort of rapport with Dean. It was disconcerting to know that there were people in Dean's life that he knows nothing about. He was quickly wandering through the halls before he finally just stepped into a random room. He hadn't realized where he'd ended up until he'd been standing in the room for a few minutes. The first thing he noticed was that he was in Dean's room, the second was that his anxiety levels had gone down just from standing there. He gave a frustrated sigh as he sat on the edge of the bed. What was he to do with himself? How can he fix what's wrong with their relationship? That is, if it still exists.
Castiel couldn't stop the chuckle that burst forth at Dean's pleas. "No, Dean. That was just a clever ruse on behalf of Sam and I in order to get you here as a surprise," answered Castiel as he stepped aside to allow Dean entrance into the room. "I had been expecting you for the past couple of hours. Sam had told me you called to say you were here since eight."
"Dean, I have to hang up now. I have to get on the bus."
"Get in the backseat," commanded Castiel breaking the heavy silence before Dean could even speak. With shaky hands, the Hunter opened his door and promptly sat in the back. His breath hitched when he saw the feral look on his lover's face.
"Five," he answered simply.
"Wait a minute, I haven't even said I'm going yet!" the older man said skeptically.
A few days later, Castiel and Sam were doing research for the second or third day in a row. They were getting antsy for Kevin's return with Charlie, so they decided to look through the library for possible solutions to pass the time. As the clock chimed one in the morning, the Angel decided that he'd had enough for the day.
"Is there a first name to go with that, professor?"
"Please, what?" Castiel purred in the blond's ear. He continued to rock his hips up and down, but with more force. He was becoming desperate.
"No," Dean lied.
"Cas?!"
"Fuck, this is so hot, Cas," Dean gasped as he wrapped his arms around the angel's neck. As he stared into blue eyes, he found he was no longer able to exist without knowing the flavor of the man in front of him and he roughly brought their lips together. He was pleased to find that Castiel kissed as if he were the best thing he'd ever tasted, and a whimper escaped from his lips to be answered by a growl from the other man. "Baby, please," Dean pleaded desperately, hardly any distance between them. Castiel's kisses left Dean feeling as if he was being consumed and renewed all at once. They parted once more with Dean feeling purified.
Tears were now steadily streaming down Dean's face. How could Castiel see him as anything but a little blip on the radar that is life? "Why me? What's so special about me?" Dean was almost afraid to ask this aloud because he knew the answer was going to be simple yet hard to swallow. He could always count on his best friend to say things in such a way that would dumbfound and astound him at the same time.
hated
"You are enjoying submissiveness in a way I would have never anticipated but perhaps should have foreseen," Castiel observed aloud. He knew in that moment that they were going to have a long discussion before they really delved into this new territory, but for now, he was going to enjoy what his lover was gifting him with. Without warning, he roughly yanked Dean off of his dick. Saliva had collected all around his mouth, creating a picture Castiel hoped he'd never forget. Once more Castiel was pushing back Dean's knees to meet his chest, exposing his hole, and he wasted no time in sheathing his cock inside to the hilt without any gentility.
"Cas?" Sam speaks softly as if afraid to incur the Angel's wrath.
Castiel preened a little under the hungered stare of his beloved, and stole a moment to stare at miles of freckled skin. “We need a better cover story, then. It’s not fair.”
"Alright, alright," answered Dean after he pulled away from the celestial being in front of him. He rose up from the bed to take off his own underwear and released his aching erection to the cold air with a hiss. He grabbed the bottle of lube again and slathered an adequate amount onto his member before leaning over Castiel. "Are you ready, Castiel?" he breathed over parted lips.
So that's it. Crowley isn't concerned about Dean and Castiel for the sake of their relationship, but for the sake of using them as pawns. Dean can't even find it in him to be upset about it because it's all he's good for: grunt work. And Castiel has been doing the same since the day he was created. He sighs as he gets back behind the wheel of his car. As he drives off, the Hunter can finally feel all the aches and pains from the earlier scuffle. He drives until he gets to a motel, and he checks in for the night, ready to crash. His night is filled with the dreams that have become a nightly occurrence.
"Dean...I want to ask you something," he started nervously.
After another slight pause, the hunter could hear a voice calling in the background for passengers to start getting on the bus and Dean decided that enough was enough. He's already committed himself to this so why not say it out loud before it's too late?
"And what does the 'T' next to the numbers mean?" Curse the Demon's attention to detail.
The words “Dean Winchester will die,” wring his heart. Of course nothing good could come from progressive memory loss.
"I'm sure Cas knows what got into you," countered Sam with a wink. He loves poking fun at his brother and he totally walked right into this one. Too bad the joke was on him.
"All of it."
"'Sweetheart?!' Oh, how domestic of you, Dean! Castiel, if you weren't so screwed right now, I'd congratulate you."
Castiel grabs onto the hunter’s hand and nods.
Castiel was at a loss for words. Dean had been more expressive in the last 4 minutes than he has been in his whole life up until now, and he can't let this go to waste. He brought a shaky hand to cup Dean's cheek lovingly. "Please, Dean. Show me what it means to have wings again," he whispered, "I need to remember what it means to soar."
world back in order."
"What's going on? What did that person want?"
"Isn't that the same thing?" asked Castiel in a perplexed tone.
"Hello, Dean," Castiel said groggily as he answered the phone. He had just fallen asleep thinking that it has been a few days since he and his lover had spoken and had resolved to call him in the morning. Imagine his surprise when his Hunter was now calling him in the middle of the night. There had to be something wrong.
"Good. Now, I will have you know that I have never been one to surrender myself to someone I just met but...I feel as if I know you already."
Although Sam has followed into the family business, he had always wanted to try his hand at something scholarly and was currently pursuing that dream at a school in Boston. Dean is on his way to visit Sam as a surprise.
"To an extent," smirked Castiel as he smiled and wrapped his arms around Dean's neck.
I totally forgot to mention this before (and if I have, just ignore me lol), but I named this after a line from the song "Hold On" by Alabama Shakes. I tend do this a lot actually, I listen to a lot of music that has a lot wonderful things to say and I use it as inspiration for my work :)
Dean is now thoroughly confused. He knows he just met the guy but...he has a gut feeling that he knows him. He shuffles nervously which causes the professor to glance his way and he stops mid-explanation to stare at Dean in confusion; a tilt to his head and a squint to his eyes. Dean's lost in those eyes and he can't breathe right.
"We'll see about that," he smirked.
." The green-eyed man could hear his Angel sniffle through his outburst and he knew he'd said the right thing. He was the luckiest man alive to be loved by an Angel.
"I guess we get the last laugh, don't we?" grumbled Castiel from under the sheets. Their laughter was met with angry, threatening texts from Sam.
"Yeah? Dean spent forever putting it together. Wouldn't let me pick anything to go in there," Sam replied with a pointed smile at his now blushing brother. He totally deserves an award for being the best little bro.
Dean made his way into the school that he had dropped off his brother several months ago and realized...he had no idea where the kid would be! Before he started to panic, he rationalized that the best place to start would be the library. After asking for directions, Dean made his way to the large building in the middle of the campus. He earned many (appreciated) looks from a plethora of the men and women bustling around. Dean had always prided himself in his looks; there wasn't anyone that his smirk and excessive charm didn't work on. It definitely helped when they were on the hunt. Smiling widely (from his ego boost) Dean made his way into the library and walked up to the librarian in charge; an older blond woman with an angry frown on her face. He leaned up to the desk where the woman was seated and pulled his best smile for her and waited for her to give him her attention. When she did, her face went from mild annoyance to awestruck.
The longer he sits there, the more angered he seems to get. At everything: Castiel, his brother, Crowley, Abaddon, Gadreel, Metatron, but most of all...himself. But it was too late for all of that, he decided. Now, was the time to deal with the consequences of his actions.
"What?!"
you are," growled Dean stepping forward tentatively.
"Dean, it's ok to ask to see me. It's been wee-"
," spoke the Demon with a terrified gleam in his eye.
"No, hear me out. I wouldn't because I love him. I love him enough to let him go. I know he's tired of this fight, too, but it's all he knows. He thinks it's all he can be. So if I were in Dean's shoes, I would have let him die so that he could finally find the peace he deserves. But he took that choice away from me, Cas, and I don't know if I can forgive him."
Castiel fixed the human with a glare. "I'm not a virgin anymore, Dean."
"No, Cas, it ain't. It's my fault. All of it. Everything. Sam. Almost lost Kevin. You. I'm sure Crowley's going to find a way to fuck us over either before or after Abaddon. I just-fuck-I'm such a screw up. Fucking poison. You guys should just cut your losses and leave me."
Dean's eyes wore a hard scowl, his jaw clenched hardly hiding his anger.
"Horribly." There was no use lying, he didn't sleep well unless Dean was there. Those weekends that he would spend with Dean would be the only time that he would get any kind of consistent sleep.
"Why didn't you tell him, Cas?!"Sam exclaims. Sure, he's mad at his brother, but he wouldn't wish demonization on him! But if what's he learned in the past 15 minutes means anything, then there's gotta be a way to turn it back...as long as they get to him on time.
"You would be correct in that assumption. As a former Seraph you may consider this a 'holy fuck' as you say," the Angel chuckled. "Damn, Cas, seriously," Dean gasped, "I've never been so turned on in my life. And hell yeah I'd like the hands-on demonstration, as soon as poss-ah!" Castiel hadn't waited for Dean to finish his statement before he brought his palm to cup the eldest Winchester in the front of his jeans. He gently massaged Dean's member as he brought his mouth to the Hunter's Adam's apple and laid a playful bite there before kissing his way to the junction between shoulder and neck. There, Castiel focused on making a mark that would stay for a few days. The hand that had been rubbing Dean to full attention was now undoing the button and zipper to the Hunter's jeans. Slipping his hand inside made the green-eyed man's breath hitch.
"It'll be fine, Cas," consoled the younger Winchester. Sam honestly doesn't know what to do right now. Too much has transpired in the past week for him to be able to comprehend fully the circumstances they are in right now.
"Is that so?" asked Castiel looking in Dean's direction with a twinkle of amusement in his eye.
The Hunter doesn't know if he can handle this, but Castiel has the right to know why he's being forced out the door. He bites down on his lip as he forms the words. "Look, it's Sam," he breathes, "Ezekiel is in him right now and he doesn't know; he's trying to heal himself and Sam at the same time. Zeke thinks that having you around will bring the Angels to us and he says he's not strong enough to take care of us if you attract them here. He told me that if you don't leave that he will and I can't deal with that. I just can't let him leave with Sammy when they're both so fragile, man! God, and it sucks because you're going to think that you're expendable to me and you're not! But I don't know what else to do, Cas!" By now he was speaking through his hands because he could feel a headache coming on and it was hard enough trying not to get emotional while looking at his Angel. Yes, his. He's not sure when he became possessive over Castiel, but he thinks that it probably happened when they were in Hell.
"And when I saw you, Dean, when I saw your soul in all its splendor, I knew then that I would be as a moth drawn to flame. Never had anything been so beautiful in the millions of years since I was created. From across the room, you turned to me and reached out a hand to beckon me. My siblings fought the demons around us as I followed your order in a trance.
Dean could only whimper in response. He didn't trust his mouth to say anything coherent anyways. Castiel cannot lie, he had pictured this moment for years, and now that it's here, he is going to revel in it.
"I'm feeling something."
"Cas, fuck, if you keep doing that, I don't know how long I'm going to last. Let's get in the shower, hm?"
"You were doing just fine," answered Castiel cheekily. He tried to bring their lips back together but his progress was thwarted with a finger on his mouth.
The Angel spends what feels like an hour in Dean's shower before he stepped out into the room naked. He hears a surprised gasp just as he turns the corner. When he looks up, he sees the man he has been trying so hard not to think about, but had obviously failed in doing so. He can feel a blush of anger and embarrassment and arousal beginning to paint itself across his skin, luckily, Dean hadn't turned the light on when he'd walked in, so the only light present was the one shining from the bathroom behind Castiel. Slowly, his eyes take in the man before him...he barely registers that there is something different about him.
"There ain't nothing easy about this, Cas, and I'm not letting you leave until you've got everything you'll need to survive without us. I think it'll be ok for you to stay at least one night anyway, man. C'mon," said Dean as he turned to lead them away from the stairs, but was stopped when Castiel tried to pull out of his grip.
"I love you, too, Dean," replied Castiel. After reaching up for one last kiss he finally made his way onto the bus. The men stared at each other until the bus finally made its way out of the lot. Dean let out his frustration with a cry to a God he really hopes still has His ears on. It's not fair that Dean Winchester has to make the hardest sacrifices.
"You never change, you know that?" said Sam as he steered his brother out of the library. He saw the look that Dean and the librarian shared and gave his brother a glare to which he received a shrug and a smirk. "Alright, so...first, I oughtta go see my History professor. He wants us to write an essay and I'm a little lost on what he wants. After that, I can show you around."
The Angel turned to leave behind the younger Winchester when he saw something on Dean's forearm that caused his heart to race. It was pure luck that he didn't notice it last night. He yanked the arm of the man in front of him to get a better look. He nearly tore the shirt Dean was wearing in his attempt to see it.
As Dean was thinking to himself, Sam had already made it to his teacher and now Dean's getting to hear him speak and see his face.
"Because I didn't want to worry you, baby, but fuck, I-I need you here. We've got Crowley doing that thing he did to Alfie when he cracked him open last year to see if we can get to Sam, but I can't watch anymore. Can you take a bus to get here, sweetheart? I need to hold you," Dean pleaded.
"You son of a bitch. If you hurt a hair-"
“That’s disgusting, Rowena, that’s my brother and my best friend.”
"When I was a foot away from you, you stepped even closer and asked who I was. When I said I was there to rescue you, you pulled me into an embrace. Do you remember what you said?" Dean shook his head. "You said you didn't feel you deserve to be saved because of what you had done and that I should take the person on the rack in front of you. You cried into my shoulder and I could think of nothing to console you except to remind you that you had work to do on the surface, that your brother was lost without you. It was your sense of duty that finally broke through to you and I was enthralled.
"Watch me," Castiel retorted, his eyes flashing angrily.
," he growled.
thought Castiel to himself.
"F-fuck, Cas, we gotta do that some time." The visual that Castiel painted had gone straight to his cock. He palmed himself through his jeans for some relief.
Castiel smirked and bit his lip while flipping his attention between his Hunter's eyes and lips before answering, "I'd been made knowing that I would be the one to raise the Righteous Man from Perdition, Dean, I merely took the initiative to
"You can't search the bottom of the ocean, but I can," answered the Demon. He can tell when someone is avoiding a topic. "So, I'll find it, and bring it to its new owner," he continued. He daintily exited the car, but was stopped from walking off when Dean spoke again.
But maybe it was for the best. If Castiel had stayed he might not have allowed him to leave at all. He begrudgingly got out of bed and just as Dean was walking into his bedroom, he heard his cell phone ringing. He ran over to it and caught it right before it cut to voicemail.
"Yeah?" he smiled. "We'll see about that," replied Dean as he pulled the trigger. The shock on Malachi's face as he died sent a satisfactory drop of glee into his gut until he looked at his lover sprawled out on the floor.
The following days were filled with the men enjoying each other's company; eating together, watching whatever was on the television, or simply going out for a drive. A week had passed before Dean was forced to tell himself that it was time to go back to his life at the bunker. He was laying in bed running his fingers through the shorter man's hair when that realization hit him and he couldn't keep from shaking.
"Dean...I think I have discovered a kink you have," stated Castiel smugly.
-one sick fuck!" the Hunter yelled through his fingers because he still couldn't look his lover in the eye.
"Why'd you put me on speaker?"
Castiel heaved a great sigh of relief at that knowledge. He slowly reached his hand over until he could intertwine their fingers. "I'm glad that you were just as nervous as I am. I was worried that I was the only one and that I would disappoint you," he whispered.
A muffled “jerk!” came from beneath Sam’s pillow in response. Castiel huffed in annoyance from his spot on Dean’s bed. He was dressed only in a tee shirt (Dean’s) and a pair of boxers after their shower earlier.
"I bet they were the were prettiest little things, too. All fluffy and white. I'm so sorry that Metatron tricked you," Dean said forlornly. He gained a frown when he heard the Angel chuckling.
"Dean...it's been s-I'm not going to last," breathed out Castiel as his movements became more erratic.
"It's too late for that now, brother. Your knight in black armor is already on his way here," chuckled Malachi as he stepped out of the room. There was only one Angel keeping an eye on Castiel now. He was glad that he had been able to keep Dean's location from the Angel's otherwise they would know when Dean would show. Castiel estimated that he had six hours before his lover would arrive and he had the next five and half to concoct a plan of escape for the both of them.
"Me, too, doll. Somethin' 'bout those eyes of yours. I feel like I'm gonna drown in 'em."
"Shut up, Cas," Dean retorted bashfully.
"No, it's fine."
The eldest Winchester can only stand there conflicted. He knows he's been treating Castiel like absolute shit, yet here he is defending him. That issue, however, is for another time.
After a brief pause Castiel takes a breath to say, "Sam, I am aware that you are a perceptive individual. I'm sure you know that Dean and I have-"
"I mean that you're going to find a way to accept that Dean's an idiot and love him anyway. Neither of you are dead, so there's still a chance to fix this."
I should I have known shit was going to go bad!-"
"Did-did I say something wrong? I'm always so lost when it comes to human interactions," frowned Castiel.
The Angel's heart is heavy with the conversation he has just had with the younger brother. He steps into Dean's room vowing to shower before even thinking of speaking to his lover. As he walks into the room, he sees Dean sitting with his head in his hands again, and his heart squeezes a little at the sight. He yearned to reach out and touch him but refrained from doing so, and instead started to search for his bags. After a quick search found him still empty-handed, he turned to ask, "Dean, where are my things?"
"What do you want?! Do you remember my promise to you?" Dean yelled.
During his walk, Castiel couldn't keep the worry at bay anymore. He no longer had any distractions and he found himself thinking again about the chaos he was going to find at the bunker. He also couldn't help but ponder, again, about Dean's restlessness at night. He had noticed that the Hunter was sleeping the way he used to when he was freshly risen from Hell, and he can't help but think about those last five years of Perdition again. He shivered as he recalled those times with Dean and what he had needed to do to keep those memories at bay, but with his Grace gone...that has all been made futile.
," he growled.
Castiel cleared his throat to bring the attention back onto himself. "Actually, it's my decision, Sam. I am a threat to your well being here. Angels will one day come looking for me and I don't want to risk your safety. Dean has been trying to convince me to stay but I will hear none of it."
"AND YOU'RE JUST SAYING THIS NOW?!" Dean angrily walked up the Angel who stood his ground with an angry glare.
"You're so wet with my cum, Dean, I'm not going to last much longer."
"Shhh, sweetheart. It's alright. Be patient, I ain't through with you just yet," the eldest Winchester breathed against plump lips.
When Sam walked out of the kitchen, he didn't make it far before he saw Kevin and Charlie coming towards him. Kevin had opened his mouth to speak to Sam, but stopped when they heard yelling coming from the kitchen. The three of them turned in the direction of the sound and could do nothing but look at each other and wonder whether or not they should interfere.
Castiel couldn't keep the small smile off his face at the interaction between his friends. He didn't envy the loneliness Dean must be experiencing.
He heard the annoyed huff before long and cringed in anticipation for whatever Sam had to dish.
Castiel pauses for a moment and continues looking out of the window next to him before he proceeds to answer. "It is not of import. I was merely reminiscing past interactions with some of my brothers and sisters," he lies. If he were to speak about the things he had been thinking about just now there was no telling how that will go, and he just wants to spend what little time he has with his lover in peace.
Dean curses to himself. He had waited to come to the bunker really late so that he could avoid seeing his brother and Castiel. Looks like he failed miserably at that.
"Sam-" the Angel gasped.
"But I've done so much bad, Cas." Couldn't the dumb bastard see he was not worth anything?
"Anyone else know you're here?"
"So that is how you are going to be? You're going to push me away? Of course you are! What else does Dean Winchester do but push everything that matters away? You know what? I hope you drown in your self-loathing," Castiel hissed. He slammed the door as hard as possible and did the same with his own. A little bit of satisfaction crept in with each slam, but the it was hard to dwell on it when his heart and mind were heavy with contempt for his lover. He should have known that Dean was going to do this. He could have spared himself the hurt if he had just remembered this sooner and just placed his things in his own room to begin with. He no longer felt like showering. He fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
"I-I love you, too, Dean," Castiel wipes at his eyes furiously. "God, I love you so much it hurts! I wish that we didn't have to part on such terms but you better go through with your promise.
"I'm sure if you knew, you would have thought twice before allowing Cain to place that upon you."
"I think you just had a panic attack, man." Sam is definitely shooting his brother when he sees him again. "Let's just relax today, alright? We've had a lot of shit happen over the past few days, we need a breather. Sound good?" They can cover more ground when they're not as distracted, and Sam really could do with some time alone to himself.
"Yes," he answered simply.
The wait had been unbearable.
The eldest Winchester turned his green gaze towards Sam and it seemed like he was looking right through him. "Who are you?" He growled threateningly, raising his gun towards his brother.
The Angel wasn't mad at Dean, his heart just felt heavy at the knowledge that he was being used for his body, rather than something to love, and use sex as the extension of that love. When Dean had promised to make love to him the first time, he had yet to break it until now. For Dean, though, he'll be whatever is needed.
. "The most pressing thing that comes to mind, darlin', is that I need to find my baby brother. Whereabouts could I find the Law section?"
"What's wrong?" asked a puzzled Dean.
, Cas, I care about
"Tch. Yeah. Well, I remember everything. Including my talk with Death. I was ready to die, Cas. In that church and again in that hospital. I was going to do it so that we could put a stop to this shit. But that-that rat bastard selfishly took that away from me. It was MY choice, Cas. MY choice to make. That son of a bitch out there just can't stand the thought of being alone, and has to drag me back into the mix of things when I'm just tired. So fucking tired," Sam exclaimed.
"No, he's fine...physically," states Sam pointedly.
The Angel sat in silence as he fidgeted with his hands nervously. He obviously could not tell Sam that which he couldn't tell Dean. Or...maybe he could? After all, Dean had asked the same from him, had he not? That line of thought wasn't going to do anything but help the bitterness already present in his heart. He took a deep breath and looked around the kitchen. He knew he would have all the time he needed before he had to speak; Sam would allow him whatever time Castiel would require.
Dean held his breath, his heart thumping hard against his ribs. At this point he doesn't know what answer he expects from Sam. He still wasn't ready for the answer when it did come.
"That's alright, I'll carry you."
"Well, well, you're here just in time to see your sweetheart die, Winchester!"
"It will," Dean smiled. "Feelin' better already knowing that you're going to be here in a bit. Be careful, sweetheart."
The Hunter wakes with a gasp and stares at the man next to him. Early morning light is just now coming through the windows so he figures he's had several hours of sleep. He looks at his trembling hands and runs them through his hair. He didn't forget the dream this time. He doesn't realize he's hyperventilating until Castiel stirs.
Castiel takes a second to breathe and calm himself before resting a tentative hand on Dean's knee. If Dean has been forced to make a decision then the least he can do is make it easier for him. "I will leave now, then," he answers before softly getting up from his seat and making his way out the bunker.
"How can you be so sure?" Sam asked full of skepticism.
Castiel whimpered when Dean got up to rummage through one of the drawers for lube. When he turned back around, Castiel was running his hand along his length.
"Oh, yeah. Here it is. Yeah, he picked up a protege who had bones with Abaddon, but that's about all it says," grumbled Dean. He failed to close the book before Crowley could steal a glance at the pages.
"I was the last of the angels born. Tasked with watching over humanity and fighting wars on behalf of heaven. Never was I to interact with a human for as long as I lived. That is, until the command came down from the throne that I was to lead the garrison to Hell to retrieve you. For decades we fought, unable to reach you in time, though that turned out to be part of the plan all along.
me," moaned Dean as he scrambled to comply with the order. Dean had thought he was turned on before but damn if the Angel didn't have him halfway to completion already.
"Alright, room four, Sam? You sure? I don't wanna burst in there on some couple in the middle of-"
"Well, Mr. Winchester, how may I be of service to you?" she asked with a flirty hint to her tone.
"Yeah, yeah."
"'Sweetheart.'"
Dean places a hand near the angel’s face so that he can lean closer to him. “Hey, handsome. Big bird over there says you’re in the friend zone? Well, I don’t know what was wrong with past me because there’s no way I’d leave someone as hot as you hanging dry,” he whispers salaciously. He grabs the lapels of the coat and pulls the shorter man closer to him. His right hand begins to trail across the raven-haired man’s chest. Castiel’s breath hitches as fingertips dance across his nipples through his shirt. His hand continues to travel south until he cups the angel’s cock, which twitches in interest. “Were you a bad boy, Cas?” he breathes. “Is that why we didn't get anywhere?” he smirked. Dean immediately regretted the taunt because the sudden sadness that draped over the shorter man’s face. Dean faintly hears the sounds of scurrying and dragging accompanied with harsh whispers and the quick open and close of the door.
"You-you sadistic bastard. Why would you do that?" gasped Dean.
Castiel roughly grabbed Dean's hair to whisper in his ear, "I want you to open yourself up like a good little girl, and ride Daddy like you mean it."
Dean couldn't keep the tears from escaping his eyes either, and he let himself hold his Angel for a minute before pulling back for the last time. "Come on, Cas. I need you to be strong for me, ok, sweetheart? 'Cause I can't trust myself right now. I want to bring you back with me so fucking bad, but I can't. So I need you to be strong for me, ok?" Castiel slowly nodded, wiping at his face. "Good. I love you so much, baby. I need you to know that, alright?" whispered Dean with a quivering voice.
"F-five...five years?" Dean gasped in shock. He held his head cradled in his hands. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see Castiel's hand coming to touch him, but he shook his head. He doesn't deserve the comfort. He watched as the hand clenched into a fist and laid back on top of the comforter. "Why?" he asks simply.
"Dean," he spoke turning to the hunter, "When I was being held hostage I vaguely heard something in a half delirious state that I deciphered just now. Ezekiel died in the fall. And if this is Gadreel, then we have more to fear than I thought."
"I am perfectly capable of opening the door, Dean, as you have seen in the many years since we were first acquainted."
"I mean he became the deadliest Demon to walk the face of the Earth. Killed thousands. The best at being the worst. And then he just...disappeared. Everyone thought he was dead-or at least hoped he was." Before the two men could continue their conversation, they were interrupted.
"It-It's Sam,
Dean finally stops at a motel for the night, a good 10 hours later. The drive had taken it's toll on him, and he thinks about going out for a few drinks but decides against it. Now that doesn't have driving to distract him, all he can do is think back on earlier that morning. As he lays there on the lumpy bed, he brings his forearm up to the light of the bedside lamp. He constricts his hand into a fist and clenches his jaw. After 10 hours he can say that yeah, ok, maybe Castiel had been right and he allowed himself to be manipulated, but what choice did he have?
"A-alright," Dean answered with a skeptical look on his face. What the hell just went on his Angel's mind? There was a sudden chill that appeared while Castiel had been thinking, and it worried him. Did he want to know? Probably not. Grabbing the Angel's hand, he led him outside to the car and went to open the door for Castiel who only stared at him with squinted eyes and tilted head.
A harsh knock at the door has them pushing apart.
As Castiel made his way into the kitchen he saw that it was empty and he couldn't have asked for more. He didn't want to talk to anyone just yet. He had a lot of things he still needed to process about his situation and adding Sam or Kevin to the mix wouldn't be good right now. He had been looking forward to coming to stay in the bunker with the boys and here it is being pulled out from beneath him, and there was nobody there to catch him as he fell.
"You're not going anywhere, Crowley," spoke the tall figure from behind the Hell spawn. There was an uninhibited chill that ran down Dean's back when he heard those words come out of the man that took off his beekeeper's hat. There was definitely something inhuman about him...which means that he should have listened to Crowley.
occasions."
"CAS!" shouted Dean as he saw his Angel's eyelids droop closed.
"Nah, it's alright, Cas. You just keep enjoying your cross country travels," answered Dean a little bitterly.
"And what does that mean, asshole?!" fired Dean. The Hunter cannot believe what he's just heard. Castiel must really be on a high horse to be talking that way to Dean. How many times has the Angel fallen for some ploy? How many time has Dean forgiven
"Holy shit," sniffled Charlie. Castiel had been so lost in his own thoughts he hadn't realized his effect on Charlie.
"I want you," the Angel whispered.
So far, I've got six chapters written. Number seven is well on its way! :D
anymore," he whispered huskily. "I started with one finger, pretending it was you, but it wasn't enough, Dean, it just
Dean closed his eyes at the picture in his head and moaned somewhat pathetically in response to the question.
"Hey, Cas. What did I tell you about leaving before saying goodbye?" he asked sternly.
"Can I drive?" inquired Kevin excitedly.
"Five what, Cas?" Dean demanded. "Hours, days, weeks, months?"
Castiel was abruptly brought to wakefulness by someone hauling him up to a standing position. As he took in his surroundings, he noticed the tip of an Angel blade at his throat.
Dean steels himself, finally, and gets out of bed and quietly walks into his Angel's room. It is now or never.
“No! Stop that, Dean!" yelled a frustrated Castiel. He couldn't believe this man was capable of losing his memory but never this flaw within him. "God, for a moment there I thought you would have at least lost that self-deprecating part of your personality! You have always felt unworthy of love! It hurts to see you think so little of yourself. Especially when I’ve always known your worth.”
"Oh...well, I thought I was fighting a werewolf and I kinda wanted to be on top of things so I took a power nap for a bit before getting here."
"Yes."
"That's none of your business, asshole. Now, get in the car so we can get out of here."
, beloved, but it
"Hello, brother. Fancy meeting you here," smirked the angel in front of Castiel. "We were hoping to catch your favorite Winchester with you this time, but it seems that we missed that opportunity. Pity. I would have loved to see his face when we took you away from him."
Castiel could only shake his head. Sam doesn't know the whole story. If he did, maybe he would abandon the Angel as well. Maybe he deserved it. Perhaps his relationship had been doomed from the start. He shouldn't have allowed himself to get in so deep. Were they even still together? Is it a mutual understanding that arguments acted as a break up? Castiel couldn't keep his thoughts from their darker route, and the next thing he knew was that he could no longer control his breathing.
"Yeah, please, for my sanity, don't finish that sentence," pleaded Sam. Make that 100% sure.
"I'm here, Cas."
"It is of no consequence. I have a much better plan in mind," he smirked.
Dean Winchester was the probably the most notorious, rogue cowboy to ever set foot in the West. He was known to be a no nonsense man that would do anything for someone he considered family. And speaking of family, there was the matter of his brother, Samuel Winchester. He was four years younger than his older brother and had managed to escape the "family business" as it were, which entailed the capturing of criminals; bounty hunting.
“Yeah, yeah. The moose will get over it. ‘Sides we’ve got to look like we’re three agents trying to save the government some money by bunking together,” Dean countered. He finished getting undressed and stepped into the shower. He left the curtain open and watched as his angel revealed his mouthwatering tan skin. It was a sight he hoped he never got tired of.
"I fucking hate you so damn much right now, Cas."
"Ah-ah, Castiel. Can't have you hurrying this along," said Dean as he came back and pulled Castiel's hands away. "Can you spread your legs for me, darlin'?" As Castiel complies with his request, Dean lays down with his face very near the Angel's member. He tests the waters a little by licking a tentative stripe on the underside of his soon-to-be-lover's cock.
"I'm retired. I'm not dead," he retorted. "What I don't know is why you're looking for me-more importantly, how you found me."
"Yes, of course, Dean."
“And what am I worth to you, Cas?” the taller man asks hesitantly, as if the answer would scare him.
"Oh it's too late for that, Dean. We've got your lover here spilling blood all over the place. We would have preferred that he spill words, such as your whereabouts, but we can't get him to open up that pretty little mouth of his that we're sure he opens up nicely for you," mocked the voice.
"Absolutely. We got into his coding a little bit, and he spit forth his name," the Demon answered.
"No, thank
a dude by the way, since the moment you laid eyes on him in that warehouse! Scratch that. I think maybe it was the moment he laid his hand on you in Hell. Everyone sees it, man, so cut that shit out before you scare Cas when you see him," finished Sam sternly. He hadn't intended to get so riled up, but he thought he would have had to deal with the sexual preference scare a long time ago. He hadn't thought it would rear its big, ugly head after the relationship has been going steady for the past couple of months. Then again this is Dean, and he should have anticipated this regardless. Sam loves his big brother, but Castiel is his friend, too, and he wants what's best for him. If that means that he has to knock some sense into his brother then so be it.
"N-no..."
After a few minutes of silence, he hears the others walk into the library with him.
That first swipe of the the Angel's tongue almost sent Dean over the edge. He wantonly spread his legs further apart and grabbed Castiel's hair with a trembling hand. "Cas, baby, that feels so fucking good, don't stop," he mewled.
"That was a really hot way of saying, 'shut up, stupid, I'd really like to fuck you right now.'"
Castiel was sure there was something wrong when he couldn't get the Hunter to make eye contact as he entered the Angel. That was the one thing that they always shared, a meaningful stare as they became whole. It felt wrong to not have that experience this time. He became still when he realized what was happening: Dean was using him for sex for gratification's sake. He'd never felt so hollow before, and he couldn't keep the tears from welling in his eyes.
Castiel huffed a breath and left the room as Kevin was replacing the cuffs on Crowley.
"You already did. Last night," Castiel retaliates. "I want you to cherish that last memory of us sharing a bed together because it will not be happening again. That heathen mark is the most repulsive thing I have ever laid eyes upon. It is a shame that such a pretty soul has marred itself for eternity. But I will not witness that firsthand."
"And you weren't ever going to say anything, Cas?" Dean cursed the break in his voice.
"As you wish." Castiel could do nothing but do as his lover wants when they were both so close. The seraph pushed Dean's knees to his chest and fucked him.
she thinks to herself.
"You know who we are?" inquired Dean curiously. He's not sure whether to be scared or impressed.
Castiel's lack of participation didn't go unnoticed for long. When Dean finally met his eyes, the Angel could no longer hold back the sob he had been trying to stifle.
: my entire existence only came about for
"Because there is no one on this planet that gets you like he does and vice versa. Now," Charlie continued, changing her tone. "Kevin told me you guys need my help with tracking down some people, right? When we get the world back in order, we'll make sure to put
Dean isn't conscious of where he's going at all. He's hardly paying attention to any of the laws of the road; the only thing he knows is that he needs to put as many miles between him and that hell-hole.
When she stepped into the empty hallway, she took a minute to take a deep breath and quickly analyze everything that she's learned. She had been so excited to see Kevin in Oz because as fun as it had been, she was missing home. Ironic as that may be. Charlie was really excited to know that she was going to finally be able to meet Castiel in person! She'd read enough of the books and fan fiction to be a little intimidated by him, but she was eager to meet the man that stole her metaphorical brother's heart. Looking back at the past half hour, though, hasn't changed her mind about him. This is still the Castiel she read about, and the Castiel that Dean is still in love with despite the little (ok big) domestic mishap they just had. Charlie resolves herself to play peacekeeper and she reached into her pocket to type out a message:
"Why would I fix this?" Castiel has been working hard to be open to Charlie, but he's not going to just sit there and be told what to do. He mentally pauses when he realizes that that is a trait he must have picked up from Dean. He is caught between wanting to slam his fist down on the table, and quirking a smile.
Dean's jaw dropped and his face turned a very embarrassed shade of red. "Did Cas fucking tell you?! I thought he'd know not to tell you shit like that, FUCK!" yelled Dean as he angrily took his phone out of his pocket, quickly typing in his pass code to, presumably, call the Angel. He doesn't know how many times he's explained shit like this to him before. As adorable as the ignorance can be it can also be downright annoying.
"In your room," came the curt reply that stabbed right through Castiel's heart. His anger was quick to recover at that answer.
The eldest brother stood there for another beat before shaking his head as if throwing off whatever thoughts went through his mind. "N-nothing, man. I just-I never thought I'd be saying THAT, you know? Not only am I in a committed relationship...I'm in a committed relationship with a
"Is that so, Mr. Winchester?" replied Castiel in a deeper voice as he stepped closer into Dean's personal space. "I refuse to believe that statement without a proper demonstration for proof," he said flirtatiously into Dean's ear causing him to shiver and grasp him by the hips.
"That can certainly be arranged, beloved." Castiel gracefully positioned himself to sit on Dean's chest with his half hard cock in his hand, rubbing the tip across the hunter's lips. A tongue flicked out causing both men to groan.
“But I don’t understand,” countered Castiel with as much innocence and insistence as he could muster.
Castiel hadn't given it much thought, but now that Dean mentions it, he can feel his heart growing heavy with sadness at having to part once again from the man he loves. But he needs to be strong for the both of them. Dean has spent a lifetime shouldering the burdens of others and the least he can do is take this upon himself.
"It looks like they have a werewolf problem."
Another thing the Angel recalled was that as he continued to carve his way through demons, his wings changed. Their prolonged exposure to Hell Fire had turned them to black. He remembered vaguely wondering if they would stay that way. He had long been chastised by his siblings for his wings' fickle change in color. As a Seraph his wings should have been ivory in color, cupids had wings of pure white, and Archangels were the only angels with unique colors, etc. Now he would surely stand out amongst the ranks, but he couldn't find the energy to be bothered. He was fulfilling the mission for which he had been created and any distinction he accrues is welcomed.
"I'm sorry, Sam," Castiel spoke sincerely. He hadn't considered this from Sam's perspective at all, and he can now see the error in thinking so closed-minded. Sam may do things that seem harsh at first, but there is always so much heart in the thought processes he goes through before making such decisions. Castiel can appreciate that kind of thinking now that he has an explanation for Sam's anger. Now he cannot help but feel horrible in helping Dean keep this secret.
"She?" Castiel asked in a perplexed tone. "I thought it was a he."
The day that Dean was born is one that Castiel will forever cherish. He had been out commanding his garrison on drill sequences when he felt a pull in the back of his mind. He had ceased speaking mid command and flew to the hospital just as his charge drew his first breath. He realized right then that the constant buzz in the back of his mind for the past ten months that had been growing louder and more insistent had been a sign of his charge's arrival.
Castiel backed away to give the other man room to get up and rummage through his bag for the lube. He lay with his back to the headboard, lazily stroking his cock to relieve some of the pressure. He chuckled a little as Dean's enthusiastic return to the bed caused them both to bounce a little.
"Aw come on, Dean. You know you've been dying to get out of here and I can take care of myself," pleaded Sam.
Dean couldn't help the bark of laughter that ensued.
"Would you like that, Dean?" Castiel whispered an inch away from the Hunter's lips.
He can guess why the Angel had gotten emotional, and it made him feel sick inside. He hadn't intentionally set out to do such a thing to the other man, but now he has to live with the guilt that he caused that expression. The dream from a few days ago was now weighing heavily on his mind, and the shame that he made Castiel do something he couldn't possibly comprehend in the normal, human way. Someone with a heart like Castiel's cannot separate the carnal from the emotional. His relationship with the Angel was now something he could add to his list of things he failed to do right.
"You know what, never mind. Forget I called, Cas. I'll talk to you later." Dean abruptly hung up and immediately regretted doing so.
"He's the Michael Sword, dumb ass. He's a vessel made for the strongest Archangel."
"What's wrong, Dean?" asked the Angel in a calming tone so as to ground Dean from his panicked state.
Sam smiled briefly at the statement before remembering his original intent in seeking out his brother. "So, I was digging around on the web earlier and I noticed some anomalies in Utah," he stated as he stood up and turned to help his brother from the floor.
The Angel awkwardly cleared his throat and spoke a little timidly, "I'm sorry for intruding, I will return to my room." Castiel tried to walk past Dean with as much dignity as walking naked would allow, but found himself being roughly pressed against Dean. "Dean?"
Hell until a few months ago, and now you've decided that you're just going to keep
The more time the younger man spends with his brother, the more trepidation takes hold in his heart. Is it really so bad for his brother to forget? Already Dean looks so carefree, and what he wouldn’t give to feel that way too after all they had done, but if his brother can have it? Why should he prevent him from being happy?
The sharp sound of the panties snapping into place at Dean's hips brought Castiel out of his trance. He brought his eyes up to meet the back of Dean’s head because the man seemed to be frozen. He was perhaps too scared to turn around because Castiel could see the tale tell hint of red at Dean’s ears and knew that the man must be embarrassed. The angel figured that perhaps little to no people knew about this side of Dean, so he was going to treat this moment with the respect it deserved.
"Well, yeah!" blurted Dean. "I couldn't let that numskull pick stuff for your room. He wouldn't know what to put in there," he added defensively.
"I've found the wretched blade. Now, when do we start looking for the Queen Bee?" Crowley smirked.
"Because I am not going to coddle him anymore, Samuel," Castiel stated sternly. "There are consequences to his irrational behavior and he is going to learn one way or another! We are in this mess because I allowed him to get to me, but not anymore. Dean Winchester is going to learn to live with the consequences of rash decisions." Silence commenced while the Angel mentally went back through the argument he'd had just had with the eldest Winchester. He hadn't intended to break up with Dean, but perhaps it was for the best. This way, they could forget. He couldn't keep a stray tear from leaking down his face. He fiercely wiped it away.
After a minute of catching their breaths, Dean leaned up and lazily kissed Castiel. "Damn, baby, I've gotta say...that was the absolute hottest thing I've ever seen."
“Well…that would be the rugaru barbecue stench that’s followed us back here. I’m going to have to get some freshener for Baby tomorrow because she’s a lady and she deserves to smell clean. For now, though, I need a shower and my four hours.” Dean begins to rummage through his bag for a clean shirt and boxers. He takes one step towards the bathroom before turning with a lascivious look on his face that Sam wishes he could forget. “Ya comin’, Cas?” he asks coyly over his shoulder. He pauses for a second and then continues into the room to start heating up the water.
"Sam, I need you to understand that there are going to be things I cannot tell you because they are not mine to tell," the Angel spoke sternly. When the other man nodded, he continued. "I was created knowing that I would be the one to raise Dean Winchester: The Righteous Man. I embarked on my mission the moment Dean's soul crossed the gates of Hell. It took me 35 years to reach him, and when I did, Dean had already spent five years off the rack. He had tarnished his soul by torturing others, and I needed to fix it before I could even think of raising him out. It took five years, but I was finally able to heal Dean's soul enough to raise him."
The Angel turned to face Dean so quick the hunter was afraid he was going to snap his neck. "You are? That doesn't make sense. You are nothing if not confident."
"Here," Castiel answered, pushing two fingers inside of himself, hastily pulling them in and out of himself. If the Hunter was going to tease, well, two could play at that game.
Dean's somber look made Castiel's heart lurch. "Me too, little brother. Me too."
"Whatever, Sammy, I can't help it. I get to see my man in a few days," said Dean with a devilish smirk on his face. It seemed to light him up from the inside out, but there was an immediate panicked look that flashed across Dean's face that made the younger Winchester confused.
"You wouldn't be wasting my time at all, Mr. Win-"
. It just hit me."
"Well, you see...I bought something a few weeks ago," Castiel replied with a smirk and a moan, "I bought an apparatus in the likeness of your penis. I pulled it out of my bag and I sucked it into my mouth because I enjoy the weight of your cock on my tongue. I got it nice and wet, beloved, before I brought my knees to my chest and slammed it into me. I brought myself to the brink, writhing, calling out your name, but I didn't allow myself to come because I wanted to come with you inside of me," Castiel finished breathlessly.
"Cas, come for me, baby. Let go," Dean sped up and slammed in a little harder and Castiel was meeting him thrust for thrust. The Angel's breaths were erratic and uneven and his moans were getting increasingly louder and louder. Finally, his orgasm hit him and he clenched down on Dean. Castiel arched into the man above him, grasping the sheets beneath him. This feeling coursing through him was identical to the exhilaration he felt when flying, and he wished that he could feel this way forever.
"You'll find out soon enough," Castiel answered with a smirk. He leaned forward and kissed his hunter until he could feel them both beginning to nod off. Both men immediately fell asleep after wiping themselves clean with a spare t-shirt that was just within reach.
Hardly two weeks ago he'd had the fuck of his life in the back of his car, and now he's here all on his own. No Angel in the seat next to him, and no little brother in the back seat to shoot disgusted faces at them in the rear-view mirror. What a life he's living now. He keeps a firm grip on his steering wheel and just races down the road.
When the blue eyed man finally went to caress the crotch of his lover, Dean promptly grabbed his hand and turned to him with a stern look on his face. "Quit being a cock-tease,
"Be a good boy for me, Dean, and come." With that, Dean felt a coil within him burst and untouched for the first time in his life, he came on command. "Oh, fuck, Dean, you look so beautiful like this," Castiel grunted. He continued to fuck Dean through his tremors when his own orgasm caught him off guard. Each pulse helped along by the Dean's inner muscles continuing to pulse around his cock rapidly. He snapped to undo Dean's restraints and the hunter immediately brought his hands up to caress everywhere he could reach.
"Sweetheart, where are you learning all of this?" he asked breathlessly.
"Hello, Dean," answered Castiel groggily.
"'Like what you see?'" Castiel mocked.
"Gave myself away, didn't I?" he whispered. Castiel couldn't bring himself to do anything but nod nervously. "You didn't seem like you were opposed to the idea." The angel could see a little vulnerability sneaking into verdant depths.
"Why couldn't I remember before this?" he clarified.
"N-no. He went to use the r-restroom. Can we have a few more minutes?" struggled Dean.
Dean couldn't take it anymore and with a growl removed Castiel's hand and plunged in rapidly. He didn't allow Castiel to get used to the feeling before he quickly pulled back and thrust forward forcefully. With a rigorous pace set, he leaned forward and kissed his Angel for all he's worth, hardly breaking for air.
"Yeah, yeah."
vouched for your sorry ass! Also, you are not defenseless! Kevin is good in a pinch, not to mention that Sam is more than capable of taking care of himself, this
"You know what? I've about had it with you," growled Dean as he pulled out his favorite gun and aimed for the other man's head. He smirked at the smug look on the angel's face.
"And where did you want me to cum?"
"In a way, it is. Because I chose to listen to Metatron instead of you and your brother, I brought about all of this. If I could go back and take it all back, I would. You and your brother deserve better than a friend that causes nothing but grief."
Sam turned around in surprise before answering, "Dean took off last night with Crowley. I thought you were with them, too. I can tell by the look on your face that you're not surprised anyway. Is there something going on between you two?"
Sam is just about tired of seeing his brother moping around the bunker. He's 98% sure that the two men have consummated their relationship (
"Fuck, Daddy, yes! Hnn, shit! I'm gonna come, Daddy, I'm gonna come so hard," he practically yelled. Before Castiel could bring a hand down to assist Dean, the human was coming untouched, his back arched, and beautiful. Realizing that he had fucked Dean so well that he came without touching his cock is what finally brought Castiel over the edge with an animalistic grunt. He kept fucking Dean through the tremors of their release.
"Everything. Harder. Faster," answered Dean hardly above a whisper.
“Sucks to be that guy,” exclaimed the very guy being discussed. This was too much for Sam. He wishes he had someone else he could talk to besides Rowena right about now. Someone that could sympathize better with them and their cause and knows them in ways the witch doesn’t.
"To teach you a lesson," he retorted as he ran a hand through his hair.
"Dean, what's wrong?" questioned Castiel. As he turned to meet his favorite pair of green eyes, his eyes widened in shock at the sheer panic he saw there.
“Dean, you should consider going to bed as well. It is very late, and we are planning on leaving fairly early in the morning,” said the angel, full of concern. He would never stop worrying about his human's health as the man refused to acknowledge he needed to change his bad habits.
Dean felt his heart clench a little as his brother walked out of the room, and it really constricted in his chest when he saw the scowl on Castiel's face, the confused gleam from Kevin, and the sympathetic look on Crowley's. He clenched his jaw as he scurried to his room once more. He had a lot to think about right now.
"How did you sleep?"
"Well, it was worth a try. I just wanted to see a smile on my brother's face again. The last time I saw him smile with his whole heart behind it was when you were here-"
Dean abruptly pulled his hand back to stand. The shorter man could only sigh and resign himself to his current fate. Dean was not likely to let off this treatment for a while. The other man walked out the door without a glance back at Castiel nor a thank you. The Angel went to replace the first aid kit in the bathroom before meeting everyone in the dungeon once more.
"If the situation were reversed, you mean you wouldn't do the same?"
"Because, Castiel, it is not yet time for you to meet him. You are but a fledgling, how do you expect to protect him, hm? Gabriel has told me that you are neglectful in your studies, my son. Your ignorance could hurt your charge," He answered in a sage tone.
"Cas. Cas, what's wrong? Did I hurt you? Why didn't you say something?" asked Dean in a hurry. He quickly pulled off of the shorter man to check for bleeding and noticed that Castiel wasn't even aroused anymore. He started when Castiel placed a palm on his face, and used the other to guide Dean's member back to his entrance.
"Sammy!" he exclaimed in a loud whisper. (You know...an intense yell, that's been muffled) Said figure got up quickly and turned around to face his brother with tears in his surprised eyes.
There was also something intimate in the way the figures were naked but not in any way was it crude. They were positioned in such a way that they were holding each other around the waist. Their faces were close to each other and they gave the impression of two people that were close physically yet far away and it reminded the Angel of their relationship. It left him breathless.
"I saw you, Crowley," he intoned while stepping out of Baby. "Back at Cain's. You dusted that undercard Demon, and then you just sat back and watched the main event. You knew. You knew about the mark, you knew about Abaddon and Cain. You knew all of it. And you played me. Why?"
"Alright. I'm sorry," he breathed. Shakily he continued, "Ok, I-I got home to the bunker last week, and Kevin told me that Sam had been acting weird the whole time I was with you. So we acted like shit was normal, and a few days ago we followed him and he met with Metatron, Cas. METATRON. We don't even know what the hell they're scheming! So we hightail it back to the bunker and set up a trap to catch him. God help me, Cas, I almost lost Kevin to that son of a bitch!" Dean was hyperventilating now and Castiel had to calm him once more before he continued.
"Don't you worry, pet, I am not through with you yet." The angel gave one large slap that caused Dean's face to look as if he were making a silent scream. Castiel grabbed each cheek and squeezed to the point of making the taller man squirm. "Stay still, Dean, or I will call an end to this and you go to bed unsatisfied." Castiel almost laughed at the panicked look on his lover's face if he wasn't so busy enjoying his view of Dean's ass covered in handprints. The older man licked a stripe from the tip of Dean's cock all the way up his spine where he stopped to bite at Dean's neck. His cock was nestled between the hunter's cheeks, so he used this opportunity to bring his hips up and down to tease Dean's hole with the head of his cock.
"I guess I
It has been four years since Castiel has joined him in the pit, and Dean is ecstatic as he readies his tools for the day.
Ezekiel gave an angry pout before receding into the depths of Sam's consciousness and Dean had to recover a neutral face for when Sam comes to. It'd be hard to explain an angry face to someone who can't recollect making anyone angry to begin with.
"YES, DEAN. I'M SURE. I hacked into the police chatter earlier and they said they were getting suspicious about the resident in room four," answered Sam before hanging up.
"Hmm," Castiel grunts having nothing else to say. It's difficult enough for him to interact with those he has known for years. He gets the feeling that Charlie isn't easily offended.
"I need water."
Sam nods and he purses his lips as if to keep from saying something. He looks at the floor for a moment before looking up and telling his brother to have a safe drive and to remember to take The Pill since Castiel doesn't know that an Angel Blade won't keep them from getting pregnant. The brothers part with smiles on their faces that droop a little once Dean sits down in Baby.
"Fuck, Cas, are you sure?" Dean whimpered. He merely nodded as he placed a hand behind Dean. The Hunter roughly pulled out of his grip and turned to look away. "I just...I just need a minute. I'll be back. No one bother me." The three men watched as the eldest Winchester walked out of the dungeon.
"What for?" chuckled Dean as he brought their faces to a mere centimeter's width apart.
. We can observe human tradition after a romp in the sheets. A month with only my hands for company is taxing. Now, you and I are going to walk out of this theater, you will drive us to a secluded area, and we are going to fulfill a fantasy I have had for years," explained Castiel through gritted teeth. He hardly waited for Dean's response before roughly grasping the Hunter's hand and leading him away.
"Fuck, yeah, baby. I want to choke on that so bad."
"Dean. Enough. I can't take much more," Castiel's voice cut though the heavy breathing curtly.
Dean takes a moment to process what is essentially news to him about himself. “Um. Wow. That’s-that’s a sad life to live, Cas. Maybe that’s why I haven’t made a move yet. Maybe you’re too good for me. You’re an angel after all.”
"So, how do we find this blade?" asked Dean to change the subject.
“What about me?” asks Dean indignantly.
"Dean. Dean! Slow down. I don't understand what's going on."
“I feel dirty just walking in here,” says Sam from behind Dean.
"I wonder who put whom in the dog house," he mused aloud.
"Mmmmm, as am I," groaned Castiel. "God, Dean, I can't go faster, but I need more," the Angel panted.
After conversing for a little while longer and bidding each other goodnight, Dean was able to fall asleep with the prospect of seeing Castiel in a week's time to soothe him into slumber.
"Firstly, I'd like to inform you that I accidentally appeared in your room one day while you were fucking yourself on an a rather large pink dildo. Thankfully, I was invisible, and before you ask, I immediately left because I did not wish to further invade your privacy. Secondly, patriarchal ideals that those being penetrated are somehow less than those doing the penetrating are full of archaic and benign ideologies that I do not have the patience to unravel right now, Dean, as the urges of the flesh are becoming more difficult to ignore."
, Dean. Do that again!" moaned Castiel wantonly. The green eyed man had to pause for a moment to look down at the man beneath him in confusion. He's never heard Castiel curse before.
"Do you recall what I told you at the theater a little while ago? When you called to give me a 1 hour warning of your arrival, I prepped myself, Dean," Castiel explained as he removed Dean's hands from his waist and seated himself on Dean in one quick motion. They both held their breaths as they got used to the feeling of being whole again. Castiel slowly brought himself up and down before gaining a moderate pace. Wrapping his arms around Dean's neck, he kissed at the juncture between neck and shoulder and licked his way to Dean's ear before whispering, " And do you know what? It felt so good, Dean. My body was shaking in anticipation because it knew it wasn't going to have to feel
"It's alright, Dean, I understand. I will come close enough for you to visit soon, I promise," answered Castiel soothingly.
"Yes, the snake was Lucifer, but the Angel on guard that allowed the snake into the Garden was Gadreel." Castiel could see how the words affected Dean, and he wished he could take this all away. Dean seemed to sway on the spot, and the Angel rushed forth to steady him.
As the man stepped out of the Impala, he was stopped by the Demon speaking.
"Mmmm say it again, Dean," demanded Castiel as he spread his legs to allow Dean to stand between them.
"Whoa, Cas! Calm down, man. Look at me. Breathe just like I am. Good, you're doing good." Sam was giving exaggerated examples of breathing so that Castiel could mimic him. He could only guess as to where the Angel's thoughts have gone, but he could give a very educated guess. Screw whatever the hell was going on between the brothers, Sam was going to beat the shit out of his sibling for Cas' sake.
"I have watched humanity for countless millennia, there are things," Castiel whispered as he shoved Dean into the bathroom and pushing him against the wall, "there are things even
Dean was not as gentle as he was used to while prepping him, but Castiel was afraid to speak. He didn't want to miss the opportunity to know his lover in an unexpected carnal encounter, especially in such a predicament. So far, the only noises in the room were the sounds of their heavy breathing and the bed adjusting to their movements.
An hour later, Castiel and Dean make their way towards their bedrooms. Dean pauses in front of his door and softly wishes Castiel a good night before hurriedly going into his room and abruptly shutting the door. Castiel heaves a sigh as he makes his way into his own room and slowly strips down to his boxers after closing the door. He climbs into his bed and feels his body relax almost immediately into the memory foam mattress.
"Yeah?" Dean spits sarcastically. "And what's that?"
know that much at least. What an astute observer you are, Dean," Castiel stated sarcastically. Why didn't Dean try to come to them so they could all work together? Sure, there's tension, but that's happened in the past, and they would work through it. They could have found another solution if Dean had just come to them first. The Angel watched as the other man's face darkened from fear to anger.
The Angel only gave a huff of annoyance in answer but acquiesced nonetheless stepping back and moving to turn on the water to a suitable temperature. "I've changed my mind, I don't want to copula-fuck in the shower anymore. I wish to take my time with you," stated Castiel as he stripped off his clothing.
at me. You cannot believe that still," Dean scoffed before he could stop himself. "You may have made rash decisions in your lifetime, Dean, but I believe that they were done with heart. With good intentions," spoke Castiel with conviction.
"I honestly don't know. I just know that you and I have been skirting around this thing-this mutual feeling we have between us for too fucking long and this might be the only time I ever get to express it to you," Dean stated in a hurry as if afraid that if it wasn't said quick enough, it wouldn't be said at all. "I don't know if something will happen to me or to you and I never see you again, and I don't want to regret never having taken this step with you."
"So, I know that I said we won't be doing any work today, but I got to thinking that we really could use some help around here," said Sam while Castiel fished around the cupboard looking for something edible. They'd need to go shopping soon.
Hey, guys! Please feel free to leave comments, good or bad, alright? The only thing I ask is for civility.
"Wait! Don't hang up yet!" Dean could feel his pulse quicken and his breaths become shallow. He cleared his throat and gulped down air to calm himself.
In an unabashed manner, Castiel found himself settling on the bed. What a relief it was to drown in his favorite scent. Before he knew it, he was sound asleep.
"Tch. Yeah. Well, I remember everything. Including my talk with Death. I was ready to die, Cas. In that church and again in that hospital. I was going to do it so that we could put a stop to this shit. But that-that rat bastard selfishly took that away from me. It was MY choice, Cas. MY choice to make. That son of a bitch out there just can't stand the thought of being alone, and has to drag me back into the mix of things when I'm just tired. So fucking tired," Sam exclaimed.
“Well, this is him. Castiel, angel of the Lord.” Sam sent a smile to his flustered friend. If the angel were a bird, Sam was sure he’d have his feathers all puffed up.
"It's alright, Dean," soothed Castiel, "We will see each other again soon, ok? I will make it a habit to come close to Kansas once a month so that can meet again. This goodbye isn't forever, ok? Ezekiel should have Sam healed in no time and I can come live with you again." Castiel smiled feebly as he finished his statement. He cupped the cheek of his favorite Winchester and brought their faces in for a kiss that Dean used to ignite one last fire inside of the Angel.
Kevin coughed in order to gain Dean's attention. "He let slip who he is," he offered.
“You goddamn bastard. You were just playin’ dumb, weren’t you?” Dean stuttered. He suddenly felt so exposed. He tried to cover himself with his hands in his embarrassment.
"Well, I wanted to take you to dinner and a mov-"
"It's ok, Dean," he whimpered. "It's ok, go ahead and finish. I can do this for you."
Castiel only smirked in response as he proceeded to rub Dean's member through his boxers. The hunter rushed to bring the tablecloth back down and brought his hand to his mouth to stifle the moan that ripped through him. It was at this moment that the waitress chose to come with their drinks.
"Cas, baby, are you asking if you can top?" he whispered not wanting to scare his lover off.
in your presence is better than nothing at all, but this-this I cannot watch. Watching you crumble beneath the burden of that mark is something I refuse to see. You are going to destroy everything I have ever sacrificed for you." Castiel cannot fathom the gall of the man in front of him. Why must he be like this?
Dean laid an arm around Castiel's waist to bring him in closer before falling asleep with his nose in Castiel's hair.
is made for defense, and if everything falls to shit, we've got the King of Hell in our back pocket! We make due around here, ok?!" he finished with a growl.
His heart now lays shattered and aching. The only reason he heard the rest was that he was in too much shock to even move from that spot in front of the door.
After the boys ate dinner (and pointedly avoided the blunder from earlier), Dean made his way to his en suite bath to shower. Now that he was alone with his thoughts he couldn't help but think of his crisis (the first, not the second because fuck.) What the hell is wrong with him? Does this happen to other people? Why was he freaking out about the most important relationship he's ever had, aside from those of a familial nature? Maybe it was something that would just pass naturally, and he just had to work through it. He doesn't like this seed of anxiety that has planted itself within him, but he knows that he isn't going to let it affect his relationship with his Angel. Hopefully he will come out of this stronger for it and Castiel will be none the wiser. Hell, maybe he's just nervous.
"That's just it, Dean. You've been open for women, but would you be open for me?" To further explain his point, Castiel brushed a finger in the cleft of Dean's ass. Dean's eyes widened as he realized what Castiel wanted.
"There's nothing
Dean stopped midway from removing his shirt to chuckle, "You know, I was starting to feel a little guilty about corrupting an Angel, but considering what you said earlier and just now...you've been a dirty, nerdy angel loooooooong before I came around. Actually, have you been pulling my leg with the whole innocent thing this entire time?!" Dean asked in mild shock having tossed his shirt somewhere on the floor.
"I do love a good buddy comedy," smiled the Demon.
"Dean what are you doing?"
The angel wrapped slender fingers around his lover’s quickly hardening dick, the water smoothed the glide of flesh on flesh. Dean groaned appreciatively and mirrored the other man’s actions. "Me neither."
"Dean, your mouth. It's-
“…and that’s funny how?”
"FUCK!" Dean cried out in frustration. The angel could see that Dean was delirious with pleasure as he was nearly babbling, his body arching and writhing in a way that told Castiel it was not consciously done.
"I fear that he won't," the shorter man spoke with a slight tremble to his voice. Before he could get lost in his memories, he picked up his coffee and downed as much as he could.
Dean grunted and stepped forward to slice through the tattoo on his brother's chest, a grimace present on his features. The Angel stepped forward to rub a reassuring hand up and down his lover's back just as Sam's body engulfed Crowley.
Dean was interrupted before he could respond by the reappearance of their waitress who took their orders after giving them a weird look.
"Let's pack you a bag," Dean says with a broken smile as he turns to leave the room and enter his own with Castiel trailing him. He reaches into the bottom of his closet and pulls out an empty duffle bag. He starts flipping through his clothes and tossing whatever doesn't fit anymore onto his bed. Once he has a sizable pile, he starts folding them and placing them in the bag. All the while, both men are quiet as if afraid to break whatever fragile peace there is right now. Dean goes into his en suite bathroom and takes out any toiletries Castiel will need on his journey and places those in the bag as well.
The eldest Winchester makes his way to the kitchen but pauses for a moment to collect his thoughts that he had been pointedly avoiding while in the presence of the Angel. He nearly kissed Castiel 15 minutes ago and they're both ignoring that fact. The thing is...earlier he had been sure that this was the best course of action but now...not so much. This is his last guaranteed chance to let all of these things off his chest and he doesn't know if he will ever get another. Hell, he's avoided this for long enough as it is. It's been around 5 years since he was gripped tight and raised from Perdition and it's about time he raised Castiel back from the dead, too. Now, he just needed the right window.
She smiles at the answer. It's totally their thing, and it warms her heart to know that even though the two lovers (and Sam) might be having issues, they can fix this. Like they always do. She briskly walks to the kitchen and busies herself for a little while.
"And if he isn't?"
"God, baby, I'm going to miss you so fucking much," Dean breathed against Castiel's lips.
Castiel longs to reach over and grasp the hand of his lover in the way they used to before the memories began to leak. He had forewarned Dean all those years ago about the consequences of severing the memories from his conscious mind.
“You have, but I haven’t.” Castiel looks down in shame as he can't bear to look at Dean right now. Talking about his past failings is always a sore subject between the two of them.
"How long what?"
Castiel had spent many years contemplating just WHAT could make the beautiful soul before him ever make it's way into Hell. Sure, Dean was not the most chaste of men, but surely he would have to commit something heinous in order to deserve such a punishment. Castiel for the life of him couldn't fathom anything that Dean would consider doing that would be horrible enough...until he saw Sam draw that last breath in Dean's arms. The physical pain that Dean was feeling was enough to force the Angel on his knees and made him despondent for a few days. It was a wonder that Dean was still able to function under the pressure of such a heavy heart. He could see everything that was going through his Hunter's mind, and gasped when he realized just what would land Dean in Hell. Watching Dean kiss that abomination to seal the deal sent Castiel reeling. He was elated that Dean no longer felt the loss of his brother, but now he was aware that he was going to have to witness his charge get torn apart by Hell Hounds. And not in ten years, but one.
"You can't make me leave," Dean exclaimed. Oh God, what's happening?
"That is not yours to touch right now, Dean," warned the angel.
"Cas," Dean stated sternly. "Just. Can we talk about this later?" he pleaded.
"I...I-uh...I'm not sure how to ask this of you. I'm almost certain your answer will be in the negative so j-just never mind." Dean stopped what he was doing with his mouth on the Angel's neck to look into those deep cerulean eyes...except they were being averted.
Castiel shook his head. "I don't think I should tell you. It's something you are going to have to remember on your own, beloved." The dark haired man hesitated before placing a soothing hand on his lover's back. Dean allowed the touch, and Castiel counted himself lucky. He knew that this peace was false. Dean would undoubtedly find a way to pour more hatred into himself and would lash out at Castiel as a result. Whatever Dean decides for their relationship Castiel will have to just accept. He couldn't help but sigh to himself. Had he not trusted Metatron he could have kept the burden of this secret off of the Hunter's soul. Now they will have to go through a time of reconciling who they are and what they mean to each other.
