He’s not sure how long they’ve been lying there in the dark, but it must not have been long - there’s an urgent knock at the door and a drowsy, slightly worried voice on the other side - Sam’s.
Dean bends over the laptop keyboard and begins tapping the keys, the glow of the screen — the only light in the room — reflects off his face. Chet’s phone is plugged into the laptop’s port, and Dean refers to the instructions on his own phone and taps a few more keys, hissing a soft
“Welcome back. Did you rest well?” His voice, soft and so full of love, cause Dean’s to stick in his throat.
The receptionist is oblivious to the silent feud happening in front of her, pulling out a signature card and a pair of coded keycards and setting them on the counter in front of Dean with a sunny smile. “Welcome, Mr. Winchester. If you could sign in, please…”
Sam leads them to the garage and the slot where Dean parked the Impala earlier. Dean speeds up his pace to catch up to his brother. “I can’t believe you screwed with Baby,” he grumbles. “But I just drove her yesterday and didn’t notice anything different.”
“So, what can you tell me? Anything new from the ground?” Dean asks, eyeing Lee over the rim of his glass. Just because they’re friends and cohorts on this mission doesn’t mean Dean isn’t going to continue to look for tells. “Does Roman know we’ve been watching him?”
“Blue Faery, Cas… get it?” Sam exclaimed, his voice bordering on shrill in his frenzy. “The Blue Faery made Pinocchio into a real boy!” He gestured wildly at the pile of scattered books and documents on the table. “I’ve been able to cross-reference most of the spell and I’m pretty sure it’s exactly what we need to bring back Dean!”
“Even though they were not corporeal, and not technically consisting of cormorant feathers, I knew you could still feel them — and this was the best representation I could find,” he said as he spreads the blanket of feathers fully around them, pulling Dean close and laying his cheek against the crown of his head.
Rising from his seat and into the aisle, he grabs his carry-on from the overhead bin and drops a wink at the flight attendant. A flush crosses the man’s face, and Dean grins to himself as he turns to stride down the aisle.
Reaching Room 7D, he raps his knuckles on the door briefly then swings the door open, not waiting for an answer. Sam is sitting behind the desk and looks up when Dean enters. “Ellen, Dean’s here. Go ahead.”
His brain flips back online, his heart expanding with joy as if pulling it directly from Cas via osmosis, and he pulls Cas in for a quick, fervent kiss.
Dean lays the towel on the ground under the net. Murmuring soothingly, he tries to carefully work the bird out of the net - but the magical lines of force hold it too tightly. Well, no help for it. Speaking a few words in Ojibwe and snapping his fingers, the dreamcatcher dissipates and Dean is just able to get his hands up to brace the broken wing before the bird topples out of the net and on top of him, knocking him down into the dirt.
Cas says he feels well enough, strong enough, to cure him of the curse. But then what? The same anxieties are plaguing him now as when Cas was Feathers, his hunting buddy and companion - that there were other things that he should be doing, could be doing as soon as he was stronger.
Sam heard a sharp intake of breath from Cas, and glanced up to see a stricken look on his face. Cas obviously hadn’t even considered the possibility and the thought was just as devastating to him. He met Sam’s gaze and nodded in agreement, turning to head toward the Dean cave instead.
and all, she was oh so very polite about it. The woman could tell you to go to Hell and have you lookin’ forward to the trip.”
They eat in companionable silence for a while, and Dean startles when it’s Cas that actually breaks it for once. “So, Dean, what are your plans for today?”
) shoulders rise and lower indifferently again. He wants to slap the smirk off those lips. (Or maybe not slap, maybe —
“Dean, did you touch Rufus at all before he left?” Sam struggles to keep his voice matter-of-fact, professional.
Cas picks up the tie, unrolling it and running it through his fingers. “And this… if you’re agreeable, I would like to blindfold you with it.” He quirks an eyebrow.
Dean scoffs. “Had.” He turns to leave — the option of the Colt is still open, but he has to hurry if he’s going to go through with it.
Dean’s heart rate spikes, his voice rumbling against Castiel’s ear as he quickly barks out, “Everything’s fine, Sam! Just knocked over my lamp, s’all good, go back to sleep!”
“Where can we find one of these angels?” Dean asks Bobby during one of his ‘check-ins’ (or ‘Has Dean Drank Himself To Death Yet’). “Maybe we can catch one and…” Speaking of drinking, Dean pours another splash of whiskey in his glass and throws it back. ‘Y’know. Question it.”
Cas has already returned to his bed, zipping up his suitcase and grabbing his trench coat. “Yes, I’m ready.”
Castiel shakes his head. “I’m too impaired to drive, Dean,” he starts, then pauses, studying Dean’s face with slightly bleary eyes. “Are you sober enough to drive? Perhaps we should find somewhere close by to stay the night instead…” Glancing around, he sees nothing but grapevines and the occasional farmhouse or adjacent winery. “Although ‘close by’ might end up being further than you could manage. Should we instead call an… what is it — Tuber or Luber or something — and come back for the Impala in the morni…”
Dean braces on an elbow, fingers curled in Castiel’s hair and continuing to plunder his mouth, exploring it with hot licks of his tongue. Through the dizzying white noise in his ears, Castiel hears the drawer of the nightstand next to Dean’s bed slide open, followed by a
“FINE. We’ll order the burgers, make nice with locals while they’re cookin’, and then get the hell outta Dodge.”
Cas drops to the floor as the Leviathan charges for him; he tries to get the lid off the bottle in his hands, but it’s no use. The Leviathan grabs him, kicking the bottle away and lifting Cas up against the wall. Its head tips back, split tongue flicking through the face full of teeth as Cas struggles against its grip.
appears to be tailored to accentuate every good quality this guy possesses — and there are many. For how mouth-watering the sight is, Dean instead finds his mouth turning dry as the Sahara as the man at the top of the stairs squints, pulling a pair of sunglasses from an inside pocket and sliding them over his eyes against the bright Kansas afternoon sun. When he descends, his gait and demeanor ooze power and confidence.
“Hey there, buddy, it’s okay. I’m gonna fix you right up,” Dean says softly with what he hopes is a comforting voice, standing and backing away slowly. He doesn’t know much about birds or fixing broken wings, but he
Dean is not about to miss this opportunity, grabbing Cas’ arm and running his tongue up it, lapping up the melted marshmallow and chocolate, his eyes never leaving Cas’ face and feeling the flush crawl up his neck at the heat reflected there — and not just from the proximity of the fire. Taking the remaining portion of the s’more into his mouth, he sucks the remaining marshmallow and chocolate from Cas’ fingers, running his tongue in and around them and taking immense pleasure in the way Cas’ breath hitches.
“No way, man. Newer bugs don’t count. Has to be a classic Beetle, before 1998.” Dean smirked and lifted his hand, forming a fist. “I get to punch you back now.”
Cas stiffened in surprise but quickly got on board, humming contentedly and grasping Dean’s hips, pulling him in and holding him there.
Fast as lightning, Cas’ hands catch Dean’s wrists to pull them around front and hold them fast, blue eyes boring into his. Dean sees the sparks flash in them again and his protest dies in his throat.
Cas gave him a frail smile, and Dean wrapped his arms around him, drifting off to sleep shortly afterward.
By the time their food is ready, Dean is genuinely surprised at how much fun he’s actually having — the Impala owners are friendly and
“Y’know, I don’t mind so much.” Dean pulls away slightly to meet Cas’ eyes. “I’m feeling a little possessive myself.” Cas sighs happily and burrows back into Dean’s neck.
night), once again contemplating his decision to turn Roman over rather than exercise the license to kill he worked so hard for.
Castiel nodded silently. Sam gave his shoulder a parting squeeze as he turned away. Castiel heard his footsteps echo as he passed the Map Table and down the hallway to his room.
Sam pulls into Baby’s designated spot and hops out, popping the trunk to get Dean’s luggage, Dean sliding out of the passenger seat to fetch his carry-on from the back seat. They emerge into the hallway and make their way into the War Room, where a quiet storm of activity is taking place.
Dean woke up again when six feet of cotton-shrouded angel slid under the covers and spooned up against him, breath warm on the back of his neck and arm draped over him to stroke his chest.
“Oh… no, not really. Since he’s not any recognizable species it’s impossible to really know without a lab procedure.” Dean could hear the shrug in his voice. “It’s just better than calling him an ‘it’, or ‘the bird’ all the time.”
Sam clears his throat and Dean knows what’s coming - the ‘Rational Sammy’ voice. “Okay, he’s gone, I get it. But...he lifted the curse, right?”
Dean stroked the feathers on the ebony back, murmuring softly, and Feathers finally relaxed against him, his breathing and heartbeat returning to normal.
With one plate almost buckling from the load of two burgers and a second one with everything else on it, Dean starts toward the circle and the benches, but Cas heads him off, guiding him instead to a large gingham blanket staked down in a sunny patch of the meadow. Sam has wheeled the cooler nearby for easy access to the beer, and they all take a seat on the blanket and dig in. The sunlight upon them is warm but not excessively so, the rim of the sun just beginning to kiss the edge of the horizon; the twittering of birds in the trees accompanying the hums of enjoyment and contentment from his family warming Dean even more.
Castiel tilts his head in confusion, and not from Dean’s insinuation that his body temperature is elevated (he gets that reference as well). “Is there a hunt I was not aware of? I thought Sam and Eileen were occupied with one, have you found another?”
“The game is in four days. It’s an eighteen-hour drive to Vegas and I want to get there a day early to meet with Lee beforehand.” He pushes himself off the trunk, turns to face Sam and Cas. “I want to leave bright and early tomorrow.” He doesn’t meet Cas’ gaze, opting to focus on the wall over his shoulder instead. “So pack and get some shut-eye. It’s gonna be a long drive.”
Cas follows suit as Dean opens the trunk, reaching it in time to see Dean remove two spray cans of paint - one blue, one green. Handing the blue one to Cas, Dean closes the trunk and takes his hand, leading him to an arched square gateway made of colorfully painted steel pipes guarding the entrance of a dirt pathway.
“Got it in one, hot stuff,” Dean says, tossing the lunchmeat and cheese into the cooler and closing the lid.
Dean doubles over in gales of laughter. Castiel sighs and makes a show of rolling his eyes, but finds himself chuckling right along. Dean recovers and pulls Castiel close for another brief kiss before spinning him around and pushing him gently towards the Impala. “Let’s get going. We can stop and get some dinner and find a place to crash for the night.” Reaching the passenger side of the Impala, Castiel meets Dean’s eyes over the top of the car, and Dean waggles his eyebrows.
He swallows past the lump of fear in his throat. “Hello, Dean.” He takes a deep breath and straightens his shoulders, steeling himself for the inevitable. “How are you feeling?”
Dean can't say no to anything Cas asks when he looks at him like that. They stop, but even with Dean's long arms, they struggle to get themselves and the whole sign into the frame. A passerby offers to take the picture for them. Dean passes her his phone, thanking her, but when Cas asks her to take one more and leans in to kiss Dean, he balks at first - this *is* Texas after all - but the idea of ever turning down the opportunity to kiss his new husband is unthinkable.
!” Dean lurches unsteadily to his feet and hurls the glass against the fireplace, shattering it, the shards falling to the hearth like the pieces of his shattered heart.
“Yeah, it’s… ” Castiel began, but was startled into silence by Dean’s sudden appearance at his side, his hand moving toward Castiel’s face, pulling back quickly as he realized what he was doing and glancing downward in embarrassment.
The thought of seeing Cas again after all this time, and remembering how he had cut Cas off after hearing about Balthazar, caused a pit of ice to appear where his stomach once was.
Dean pulls himself from the table and strides out to the balcony. He keeps his head high, even though he’s dead inside.
Castiel paced nervously by the front window, both anticipating and dreading the impending rumble from the engine of a particular muscle car.
He caught Sam’s goofy grin out of the corner of his eye, and groaned. “Okay, knock it off. So what brings you ‘round? Caught a case or something?”
He glances over to the passenger side of the bench seat as he thrusts the key in the ignition and turns the engine over. “So… speaking of ‘the money’ — where is it?”
Shaking his hand to dissipate the feeling, he heads to the bedroom, looking back over his shoulder at the sleeping bird, eyes narrowed.
. He opens his eyes, breaking the kiss and looking over to discover the source of the noise - a bottle containing a viscous liquid in Dean’s hand.
“Purple light,” Sam muses. “Last time I saw that was Rowena using magic from Book of the Damned.” The unfocused gaze sharpens and focuses back on Castiel. “But you said the witch was male, right?” Castiel nods, and Sam’s lips purse. “I have no idea what happened to the Book — it wasn’t among her magic journals and items we took from her apartment.” He sighs. “I hope it hasn’t been recovered and used by whoever this was,” he continues, “but I’ll do some digging on that assumption anyway.” Castiel nods again, but his inner turmoil must be written on his face as Sam’s eyebrows raise in question.
A groan comes across the line and Dean’s grin widens. Nothing makes him happier than getting a rise out of his brother, and ridiculous pop culture references do it every time.
Castiel blinked back tears of his own at Dean’s admission. “I couldn’t either, Dean,” he said, shaking his head, then grasped Dean’s face in both his hands, forcing him to look into his eyes. “You’re incomparable.”
Dean drops the machete and runs to Cas, skidding to his knees in front of him and cradling Cas’ head in his hands.
Expertly popping the lid one-handed and flipping the bottle to squeeze out a generous portion into his hand, he discards the bottle and reaches between them, grasping them both in his hand, and began to stroke.
pressed up against him, and when he cracks open an eye to investigate, he sees a head of dark, tousled hair nestled in the hollow of his shoulder — hair soft against his lips when he presses a kiss against it (just for investigation purposes, of course).
“But… I might have another way of checking on him.” He stands and heads towards Room 7B, where all of the magical paraphernalia recovered from Rowena’s house was stored.
. His eyes drift back to Cas, who gives him a shaky smile. Dean knows Cas recognizes the tell… but he’s responsible for the money behind the stack of chips in front of Dean and is understandably nervous.
Castiel turns, and then the bed by Dean’s head sinks slightly as Castiel sits next to him. Castiel’s hand moves to Dean’s other cheek, rising to card idly through his hair. His hand slides around to Dean’s chin, lifting it so that he’s looking directly into Castiel’s eyes.
“Good thing,” Dean says, pondering the new circumstances. “We might need her assistance — as long as she doesn’t fuck up my game.” His hand clenches around the beer bottle. “Or my kill.”
“County clerk’s office…” Sam muses — out loud, for Eileen’s benefit — and it’s Eileen that gets it first.
Cas felt his heart rate speed up to about a thousand BPM at the news, and closed his eyes, forcing himself to calm down. Just because he didn’t have a girlfriend now didn’t mean there wouldn’t be another one in the future.
She draws herself up then, her diminutive stature giving way to the full regality of the Queen of Hell; her brow pinched thoughtfully and a manicured finger tapping her lips as her eyes fall on the monument over their shoulders. They turn to follow her gaze.
Dean’s stomach rumbled again and Cas entered the library as if on cue, a plate of salad in his hand which he sets down in front of Sam.
While Sam searched Rowena’s pantry boxes, Castiel moved to another shelf and picked a jar of dead man’s blood from it, taking it back to the small pile of ingredients Sam had gathered.
But on the other hand, while Castiel wants Dean’s love more than anything else in this world, he wants it
“No worries.” She sips her own drink, some sort of pink fruity concoction. “A real bummer, what happened in there. You had a great hand.” She thrusts out a palm. “Don’t think we’ve met. I’m Charlie Bradbury, CIA.”
She shrugs. “Dean, he’s an ex-angel, they’re very literal creatures. He probably thinks it’s a done deal.” Then, a chuckle. “I wouldn’t be surprised if he thinks you’re married already.”
know their cars, the pride of ownership evident — and Dean can’t help but respect that. However, they of course are also just as fanatical about Chuck’s books, which Dean struggles to hide his discomfort with.
“You ready for this, buddy?” he asks, dropping to kneel in front of the splinted wing, laying the scissors down by his knee. The bird twitches, crown and back feathers fluffing in anticipation.
Cas finally breaks away, placing a finger over Dean’s lips as he attempts to move back in for more, and purses his lips at Dean’s whine.
While Dean had only asked for Castiel to stay until he fell asleep, as soon as he’d laid nervously beside him — having stripped down to his boxers after Dean expressed confusion when he lay down on the bed fully clothed — Dean had turned into some form of human octopus, legs and arms curling around him and pulling him close, head on Castiel’s shoulder and nose buried in the crook of his neck. Dean was asleep moments later, Castiel reasoning that he must have been very tired indeed to have managed to do so over the jackhammer of Castiel’s heart.
had happened!” His laughter dies down to a chuckle but his eyes are still dancing merrily as he clasps a giant palm onto Castiel’s shoulder. “I thought maybe the spell had worn off and he lost his shit when he woke up to find you in bed with him!”
He could feel Cas’ eyes on him, feel his concern and tension from the set of his shoulder under Sam’s hand, but if there was one thing Rowena had drilled into his head, it was the precise nature of magic and the mental state of the practitioner having a direct effect on the performance of spellwork. So he paused, and prepared himself.
Blinking, Dean shakes his head and smiles, moving toward the tent. “Yeah… I’m great, Cas.” Kneeling down next to him, he takes Cas’ face in both hands and kisses him, soft and chaste… but the next thing Dean knows, he’s on his back with Cas over him, groaning against his lips as he deepens the kiss.
Dean kneels before him, reaching first for the good wing, lifting the folded wing at the shoulder first, the alula flaring a bit at his touch. He gently massages the muscle over the scapula with one hand while gently raising and lowering the wing at the coracoid with the other. He slides a hand to the metacarpus, the other grasping the wingtip at the terminal phalanx (yeah, he looked up all these terms when trying to figure out how bird wings are supposed to move) and extending the wing to full span - the size of his wing such that Dean has to shuffle to the side a little. He bends the wing back and forth both at the joint between the ulna and humerus a few times, then at the metacarpus. He finishes by flaring the primaries at the tip of the wing to exercise the phalanx joints.
Dean is alive... sort of. Sam continues his research to return Dean to his normal size, and Cas makes an alarming discovery.
Cas breaks the kiss and pulls back slightly to stare into Dean’s eyes, the silver sparks flashing through them. “Does this feel like you’re imagining things?” Cas whispers, his voice husky and raw.
He began to feel like he was starting to doze off, then felt dampness on his shoulder, heard  Cas’ breathing still coming in quaking gasps. Alarmed, he pulled away and raised Cas’ head from his shoulder, looked into Cas’ tear-streaked face.
“Maybe I can use that. Let me do some digging and get back to you.” Sam says, abruptly ending the call.
Sam makes a small noise of surprise. “So, get this… in some accounts, mythological beings such as chimera, or the thunderbird, have actually been… angels.”
The whole “feeling his feelings” thing when it came to Cas was still very new and raw, and the increasing number of things the angel did that Dean found endearing continued to surprise him.
Despondently, he swiped a thumb over the shiny plastic of Dean’s face and pulled it away damp, suddenly aware of silent tears seeping from his eyes. Another one slid down his nose and dripped from the end to land on Dean’s face, and he wiped that one away as well.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas spins on a heel, heading back into the poker room and out the door. Dean sees Lee glance up, watch Cas leave, then turn to the balcony. Dean nods, and Lee takes off after him.
So all through the night, he lay there, Dean’s warmth pressed against his body, his soft snores against his neck, and he argued with himself.
Castiel sighs. “It’s not that, Dean.” He casts his eyes down so he doesn’t have to see the disappointment on Dean’s face. “It’s about the case yesterday.” Dean opens his mouth to protest and Castiel cuts him off. “Please, Dean. Just let me talk to Sam first.”
“It’s a game!” Dean says gleefully. “You see a VW Bug, you gotta punch the other person and yell ‘punch buggy’ and the color of the Bug. First person to the punch wins.” He grins. “Sam and I used to play it all the time when we were kids, drove Dad nuts.”
for you,” Ellen says, her calm tone belying her annoyance, and while Castiel seems either unaware of or unconcerned by her ire, Dean winces at her tone.
"Nothing, dear heart. I just figured out why we're here." Cas begins his own scan of the vehicles, looking for a relatively blank space.
“What?” Cas reaches around behind Dean to loosen the laces, then deftly unbuttons the front fasteners of the corset vest. “I have extra shirts, but we have to get this off. Thankfully the blood only got on your shirt.” He pushes the vest away and down Dean’s arms, being careful to avoid the blood on the sleeves.
He is once again shocked when Dean places light fingers under his chin and lifts to look into his eyes. “Hey, it’s alright. Let’s go home and talk to Sam. We’ll figure it out.” Castiel’s breath stutters to a halt as Dean’s hand slides to his jaw, his thumb brushing his cheekbone before leaning in to kiss him again.
He’s wearing a similar corset vest to Dean’s, his in a deep blue with black trim over a black button-down and matching tie. As he strides forward, he slips the black tuxedo jacket off and slings it over one broad shoulder, the matching black pants leaving nothing to the imagination.
Their wine glasses are empty, and Dean sure could use another (although he’ll never admit to actually
It’s actually in great shape, better than the places Dean usually ends up staying while on hunts. Cas still doesn’t seem very impressed, but after a tour of the room doesn’t turn up anything unsavory, he appears to accept his fate, accompanying Dean back out to the car to help bring in the luggage.
“Can’t let the other guys see you like this. You’ll never live it down,” he said softly, reaching up to gently wipe the tears from Castiel’s face with the soft flannel of his sleeve. Satisfied with his work, the beaming smile returned.
As he’s grilling the kid about his intentions toward his little sister, the doorbell rang. Jo pulls Adam away from him and shoves him toward the door. Gripping the door handle, he takes a deep breath, and pulls it open - and was stunned silent by the sight of Cas standing on the doorstep, all six-feet gorgeous of him.
As Dean starts the engine and pulls out of the parking lot, Castiel pulls out one of the bottles they purchased to examine the label. 12.5 percent ABV. It doesn’t seem like a lot, but of course, he’s mostly human now, with no grace to buffer the effects of the alcohol. But he finds he doesn’t really mind; it’s a rather pleasant feeling — fizzy and floaty and glowing.
“No, Dean.” Cas looks back over his shoulder at the group, their laughter and happy voices carrying across the parking lot. “They’re happy. The books have brought them together, given them friendship — a family, even.”  He shakes his head. “Chuck used those words to manipulate you, but they have no power over you — over US — anymore. This way, they serve a good purpose.”
Time seems to slow to a crawl as the car flips in the air, falling in slow motion and landing on the roof with the crack of shattering glass and shriek of crumpling metal.
“Sorry ‘bout that. That last hand nearly killed me.” He motions to the waiter. “Think I’ll stick to water from here on out.” The waiter nods, returning with a sealed bottle of water as the next hand is being dealt. Dean checks the seal — intact — then drains half of it in one go and twirls a finger in the air for another.
Castiel gives a final wave to Jody and Donna as they board their winery tour bus with their fellow officers. They’re headed to their next winery, but Castiel and Dean are heading back to Petaluma for the night — Dean wants to be near the 101 so they might cross over the Golden Gate Bridge when they resume their journey in the morning.
Roman face clouds in anger and with a growl, he swings the rope. It connects and Dean grimaces, but he chokes out “A little more to the left.” The rope swings again, the wet thud of the knot against Dean’s skin echoing in the room. “Yes! Yes that’s it, perfect!”
Dean’s eyes remained locked on Cas’, lost in them as Cas pushed him down to the bed. Still straddling him, his hands on Cas’ hips, Cas brushed his hands down Dean’s chest, stopping long enough to pinch and roll each nipple between thumb and forefinger. Dean’s hips involuntarily twitched upward, and his fingers dug into Cas’ hips, causing a dark growl to rumble in Cas’ throat. Cas’ hands continued their southward journey until they reached the waistband of Dean’s sweatpants. Sliding sinuously down Dean’s legs to kneel before him, he hooked fingers into the waistband of both sweatpants and underwear and pulled, Dean raising his hips slightly to accommodate the action. Staring unseeing at the ceiling, Dean felt Cas pull them the rest of the way down his legs and off his feet, heard the soft thump as he tossed them aside and they hit the floor.
Dean laughs and pulls Cas in for a hug as he approaches, then turns him around to face the tent, keeping an arm over his shoulder. “When we put the top cover on — that keeps moisture from rain and morning dew from getting inside — we’ll anchor it with those tent spikes,” he motions toward the four silver rods lying at each corner of the tent. “But I need help getting the cover on evenly.” Cas nods and heads toward the tent, Dean following and he can’t help but admire the view.
After a moment, Dean pushes away slightly and drops a light kiss to Cas’ lips. “Okay. Let’s do this.”
Cas falls back, leaning against the open car door, and picks up the phone. “Yes, Sam. Dean is alright.”
The waiter returns with their drinks and Dean takes a long pull of his, leveling a steady look at Lee. “You’ve become quite the romantic.”
Sam nodded. “So in 1865 when Alice had her adventure, a majority of coins were made from copper with trace amounts of iron. So “coins from a dead man’s pocket”...”
He falls backward and Cas is suddenly there, catching him as the last of the green smoke falls from him and burns away. Cas holds him, murmuring and rocking him as he gasps for air. Dean looks up into those deep blue eyes, flashes of silver shooting through them and then fading away as they narrow, the corners of his full lips pulling down into a frown of concern.
He pulls his phone from his inner jacket pocket and opens the camera app. The last picture taken displays on the screen — Chet, on the tiled floor of a bathroom at the sports club where Dean killed him. Dean studies the picture again, comparing the dark red blood currently pooled under Ketch with the almost-purple, inky black blood that was under Chet.
“You take care, son,” Rufus says, his voice so quiet Dean barely hears it. Releasing him with a final pat, Rufus spins on his heels and heads toward his truck. Pulling open the door, he tosses his bag onto the passenger side seat and climbs in, slamming the door shut behind him.
before settling on either side of Cas’ face, fingers curling around his jaw and thumbs caressing his cheekbones. His lips found Cas’, first savoring his full top lip then moving to bite gently on the plush lower one. Running his tongue across the bite soothingly, he slid his tongue forward and Cas responded with a low moan, opening up for him and sucking it in.
Sam sighed. “For me, it’s back to the books,” he said, then glanced over at Cas. “For you guys, I guess you get to go toy shopping.”
Roman’s face impassive, he shoves a large pile of chips into the center of the table. “Five million.” Dean matches the bet, and the turn is placed — four of spades.
They had stopped for lunch at a little diner in Myers Flats the day before, when Dean realized how close they were to the giant redwoods. They had finished their meal and then spent the rest of the day driving the Avenue of the Giants, stopping at several locations to explore or take pictures; even driving through the Shrine Drive-Thru Tree (which of course, Dean had to get a picture of Baby parked inside the Tree, immediately sending it to Sam).
“Are you alright, Dean?” Cas inquired, his voice rumbling against Dean’s back and causing a new wave of heat to roll through him.
, what the fuck? Assholes.” A pause, the sound of papers being shuffled. “Cas, quick — look in the drawer, do you see lidocaine?”
Cas’ head tilts, the action sending the now-familiar scurry of butterflies in Dean’s chest. “I would, Dean, but I’m afraid I don’t know it.”
Dean breaks the kiss and his head falls to Castiel’s shoulder, where soon he feels dampness there, warmer than the cooling shower water pouring on them. He gently pulls Dean’s head up to look into his face.
Dean aims the phone’s camera at Ketch’s lifeless corpse and presses the button, the soft fake shutter noise capturing the scene. Another couple of button presses and the picture, confirmation of both his second kill and a completed mission, is sent to Lady Bevell herself.
Vision Cas shushes him again. “Sam, it’s Castiel. Dean’s been poisoned, I believe he’s going into cardiac arrest...”
“And that text message  —  ‘Purgatory’,” Kevin continues. “Turns out, that’s Dick Roman’s new multi-million dollar casino in Vegas. And that’s not all.” He spins the laptop around. The casino’s website displayed there is artfully styled in shades of deep black and grey, but it’s the flashing red and silver banner that grabs Dean’s attention immediately, causing his eyebrows to shoot up into his hairline.
There’s something… odd in his voice, but Dean’s brain is fried and can’t seem to put a finger on it. He shakes it off, chalks it up to just the overall strangeness of his (
The hurt look on Dean’s face is almost enough for his resolve to slip again, but Castiel holds on to it desperately, like a drowning man grasping a floating bit of wreckage. “Please… I have to talk to Sam.”
The conversation continues on from there — the girls are doing well; Alex has finished nursing school and is doing her residency now, Patience is still having visions but not as much anymore, she’s off to college and excelling at it, and Claire is still… well, Claire. Still going on the occasional hunt, still missing Kaia. Cas’ face falls at this news and vows to visit with her, turning to Dean for support and Dean nodding in agreement.
Dean frowns, his brows pinching together. “Uh… well, we followed the witch to this house. We’d split up to clear the rooms and…” He stops, eyes narrowing angrily as realization dawns. “Did that sonuvabitch get the drop on me?”
When his eyes open again a moment later, Dean’s eyes have darkened with worry. “You must be exhausted,” he says quietly, eyes darting over Castiel’s face, his lips pursed in concern. Dean’s hand lowers from Castiel’s cheek to his hands clasped on top of the table, rising and pulling Castiel to his feet. “We should get you to bed.”
Lee leans forward, taking a quick glance around and keeping his voice low. “Well, for one, you were right about the players. Leviathan replacements. Not all of ‘em, but enough to ensure Dick wins this game.”
Eileen places the journals back into the box and reshelves it before leaving the room. Sam watches her go, puzzled. Shrugging, he gathers the necessary ingredients and places them in a copper bowl. He returns to the table with the bowl in one arm and a highly polished, round obsidian mirror in his other hand. As he’s removing the contents of the bowl and placing them on the table, Eileen returns with a steaming tea kettle, teacup, and a stubby white pillar candle.
Cas continues to move, whimpering and moaning against Dean’s neck; then with a deep, rumbling groan he follows Dean over the edge, come spurting hot and wet between them. His arms give out and he collapses down onto Dean, his breaths hard and ragged.
And as they burn, Dean begins to feel the hum of energy dissipate, the low level buzzing in his ears growing softer as the crowns crumble to ash. When Cas turns and removes the large stone, breaking the circle, a brush of air rushes past him and out of the circle, like the world exhaling again; and Dean startles as the noises of the woods around them crash back in.
Cas hops out of the car and comes around to the drivers side, opening Dean’s door and all but pulling him from the car in his eagerness. Dean laughs and squeezes Cas’ hand, slowing him down so he can close and lock the Impala.
Dean opens his eyes and steals a glance —  the bear-bottle of honey is sitting in a bowl, presumably the one filled with water and microwaved. A washcloth lies folded next to it.
“Cas, can you finish with the campfire? I’m gonna get the rest of our camping stuff.” Dean rushes to the car to grab their sleeping bags, cooler, and Coleman grill — no way was he going to attempt to cook an actual meal over a campfire — while Cas finishes placing the stones around the cleared area and setting some of the firewood he’d gathered inside; smaller sticks on the bottom and tenting some of the larger pieces over the top. By the time Dean has returned and placed their sleeping bags inside the tent, Cas already has a nice fire going. Dean smiles as he sees Cas perched on the smooth log he’d managed to find, placed in front of the fire for them to sit on, and digs into the bag next to the cooler for the surprise he brought.
While Dean finishes grilling the burgers and plates them, Sam fetches some more beer from the refrigerator, including one for Cas. Dean brings the burgers to the table, setting them in front of Sam and Cas before sitting down with his own, sliding onto the bench seat next to Cas. He waits before starting on his, enjoying the sight of Cas enjoying a burger again; the practically pornographic noises he makes, his eyes closed in apparent ecstasy as he savors it.
Dean swallows and nods his compliance, the idea of doing anything else never even entering his head.
. Dean was the one he came out to first, and Dean, being the kind, sweet friend he has always been to Cas, embraced him, accepted him, and was a firm ally. But of course, Cas never told Dean how much deeper his feelings went for him - Rhonda wasn't the last girl he would see Dean with and knew Dean wouldn't feel the same way, and the last thing he wanted was to lose their friendship. Even so, all through high school, they remained inseparable.
It’s definitely much hotter in this room now and his jeans are definitely getting uncomfortably tight in a very interesting area.
“I’ve actually been up for a while doing some research and I think I’ve discovered what the witch did to Dean,” Sam says as they cross the War Room and into the library. The table where they had been sitting the night before was now strewn with books. He releases Castiel’s shoulder and picks up a nearby notepad, covered with Sam’s neat script. “I think it’s an uninhibiting spell.”
Roman flips his cards. Full house. The dealer turns to Dean. “Mr. Roman has a full house. Mr. Winchester?”
A crack of thunder reverberates through the room, the bass rumble vibrating the bed sending Dean catapulting over the edge and bringing Cas along with him. Dean falls until he floats, Cas’ gasps hot against his neck until his lips, hot and dry against Dean’s own, brings him back to earth.
Dean’s head is still lowered, but Castiel can still see the flush spreading across his cheeks, the embarrassment in his voice. “It should have been so much better… on my knees, presenting a ring… something other than just... “ He pauses with a sigh, his shoulders shrugging.
Cas signs the paperwork and snatches one of the keys from the counter, turning on a heel and marching toward the elevators. The perky blonde glances after him, then forces an embarrassed smile. “Thank you, sir. I’ll have your bags sent right up.”
idea to strain Cas’ resources while he’s still recovering… but while still buzzing in the afterglow, Dean finds it hard to be remorseful.
From behind him, muffled by the sleeping bag he’s already burritoed himself in, Sam groans. “Ugh, you guys are gross.”
It’s Sam who moves first, walking first to Dean to gather him up in his giant arms, then continuing around the fire to pull in Cas and then Jack.
Dean buries his face in Cas’ shoulder and closes his eyes, lulled to sleep by the smell of ozone and rain.
An additional two players fold, the stakes becoming too rich for them this early in the game. The dealer draws another card — the turn, the nine of diamonds — and Dean continues to watch Roman’s reaction as he considers his cards against the flop.
Sam also told him about his and Cas’ progress with returning the remaining hunters to the land of the living. Many were good to go after a couple of hours rest and a meal, but others, like Tracy, required many days of recovery in the infirmary. Most left as soon as they could, and Dean couldn’t blame them - they had families to return to and monsters still needed to be dealt with, but a couple of the recovered stayed behind to help Sam and Cas care for the others like Tracy. A few he even remembered stopping by to see how he was doing and to extend their thanks before heading back to their lives.
“Not a scratch, Jesse. NOT. A. SCRATCH,” he says as he pops the trunk and tosses the keys over. Jesse the Valet plucks them from the air, spins them on his finger, and slides into the driver’s seat as a porter approaches with the valet ticket and to take their luggage. Dean closes the trunk and watches suspiciously (and with a twinge of anxiety he’ll never admit to) as Baby’s engine turns over and Jesse the Valet pulls her carefully out of the driveway to the underground garage.
ask permission. We were both caught up in it, so the fault - if you wanna call it that - goes both ways.” This appears to calm Cas down some, and Dean pulls him down to cradle him against his chest.
“Dean.” Sam’s voice is hushed and tight as he answers, and the pit in Dean’s stomach falls. He already knows what Sam is going to say.
“Thank you for the tea and crumpets, Dean. It was truly very thoughtful of you.” Cas turns back into his room and Dean stares wordlessly as the door closes behind him.
“Hey, I need you to do me a favor,” Dean says, an edge of hysteria in his voice he can’t control. “I have a little itch, right there…” he wiggles in the chair. “Think you could give it a little scratch?”
Castiel nods. “He said he was…” He pauses, feeling the blood rushing to his face again and amazed how the rest of his body continues to function with the continued lack of blood flow. “He said he was ‘still totally hung up’ on me.” His hands writhe together on the table in his embarrassment… but oddly, he feels a sense of lightness, a fluttering in his stomach as if a swarm of butterflies had taken up residence there.
“Sam… Sam Winchester? What’s going on…” Tracy exclaimed, pushing against Sam’s hands as he helped her to a sitting position. Castiel returned to the bedside and handed Tracy more of the cupcake.
Dean pulls back, searching Cas’ face, and finds no small amount of apprehension there. “A... bond? Sounds serious, Cas.” In typical fashion, he goes for the laugh. “Wait, is this a “no sex before marriage’ thing?” he asks with a flirty grin.
The night is cool but not cold, the asphalt of the parking lot retaining some of the heat of the day. He walks over to the Impala and sits heavily on her hood, his head falling into his hands.
“Hey, buddy. Looks like you could use a drink.” Charlie Bradbury is there, jiggling a glass in his face, amber liquid sloshing inside.
Cas’ smile grows even softer. “You are correct, I created this disguise based on the ‘Columbo’ character. I watched the show with you in the cabin and you seemed to be quite impressed with his skills of reasoning and deduction, so I thought it would be a good disguise to use while accompanying you and Sam on your missions.”
“So, what were you guys talking about?” Dean asks between bites, and Castiel almost chokes on his mouthful. Sam covers wonderfully, though.
Dean chuckles. “Like that, do ya, sweetheart?” His eyes immediately go wide as he realizes he just outed themselves... to Jody and Donna.
“Borax,” Dean interrupts, picking up one of the many gallon jugs filled with milky-white liquid. “Enough to take out a city block full of Leviathan.” He sets the jug down and picks up what at first glance appears to be just a yellowed, red-tipped stake, but upon closer inspection —  “Waitaminute… bone from a righteous person, washed in the three bloods of the Fallen?” Sam nods, and Dean gives him a puzzled look. “So, you found some poor righteous bastard to bone,” he says, pausing to chuckle at the groan from Sam and the look of shock on Castiel’s face, but sobers as he considers the blood on the end of the bone.
Dean isn’t sure how long they stayed like that, but it wasn’t until Feathers pulled his head from Dean’s shoulder that Dean realized he was still holding the bird and released him, the feeling of peace and comfort he had been feeling only noticeable as it fell away.
Dean leans against the doorway of the bedroom and stares in awe at the man lying in the bed. Or whatever he was, Dean still isn’t quite sure and… Castiel, he said his name was Castiel… had not regained consciousness for him to get clarification on that point.
The bright blue eyes turn on him, and Dean isn’t sure if the heat he sees there is his imagination - or maybe a reflection of the moonlight streaming through the bedroom window.
He hears the running footsteps behind him rapidly approaching, then Kevin is skidding to a stop and matching his pace. “Hey, Dean. Whassup?”
Cas reaches the waistband of Dean’s jeans, his tongue laving the patch of soft hair there while his nimble fingers unbutton the fly. Dean, now uncontrollably panting and whining, raises his hips for Cas to pull them down, along with his boxers, and thrusts up higher when Cas sucks a kiss into his inner thigh, mouth moving down to his knee as he works the jeans and boxers off his legs, his hair now brushing the underside of Dean’s impossibly hard dick and making him shudder with
Dean looks back down to the page. “Wait a minute… this says “anything that is beheaded by the Sword, will die and stay dead, forever and a day.” He glanced back up at Cas, incredulous. “ANYTHING anything?” He paused, then continued hesitantly “Like, even CHUCK?”
It takes all of Dean's willpower to stay on the road… to not pull over and pull Cas into the back seat, to cover Cas with kisses and his body. He manages, but it was a very close thing.
Setting the cup down, he turned back to the bookshelves, filled with the collective knowledge of the Men of Letters. The answer had to be in here somewhere.
He calls every contact, follows every lead. He sends a few Dean’s way, just to keep him occupied - and to keep him from falling completely into the bottle.
“Nope, I’m still totally hung up on this guy,” he says softly, lowering his hand and giving it a squeeze, then raising his free hand to stifle a yawn. “But I
“O-of course, if you don’t want pizza, there’s plenty of other stuff,” he stammers, snatching up the stack and handing them over to Cas. “Or you could, y’know, go out yourself if you want…”
“Dude, the suit and tie again?” Dean asks, prompting another puzzled squint from Cas. “I mean, c’mon. We’re still another ten or so hours from Vegas — wouldn’t you rather be comfortable?”
The door bursts back open, an only slightly damp Dean re-entering with something clutched in his clenched fist. He closes the door behind him and approaches Castiel with firm footsteps.
Dean feels claimed, possessed, treasured in every way possible; heart and soul floating, surrounded and consumed by the heat of Cas’ body.
He fumbles for the glovebox and manages to get a thumbprint on the sensor; it pops open, the drawers within automatically expanding. He grabs the defibrillator, fumbling with the pads —
Castiel lay next to Dean, who had lapsed into slumber, curled in his usual position against Cas’ outstretched hand, arms wrapped around his pinky finger. This suited Castiel well, as it allowed him to not only be close to Dean but to also consistently check the level of spark remaining in him - and although the former was a comfort, the latter was more a source of pain than relief.
In the kitchen, while Dean was supposed to be making dinner and Sam passed through to grab one of his smoothies.
He starts at Dean’s forehead, pressing a soft kiss there before moving down to kiss each eye, the apple of each cheek, the bolt of his jaw and down his neck. He reaches under the hem of Dean’s shirt, and Dean arches his back and then rises just enough to allow Cas to remove the t-shirt, laying it to the side. He resumes his journey, kissing and biting his way down Dean’s collarbone to his nipple, teasing and biting one before sliding over to the other, and continues to work his way down.
Nature had reclaimed the surrounding area, replacing the dirt parking lot with a field of rolling prairie grass.  And, somehow, bushes of flaming yellow-orange Black-Eyed Susans sprouted all around the concrete slab.
Castiel sighs. He didn’t use to get drunk this easily. Before, it took entire liquor stores; now it only takes a single bottle of wine.
Sam clears his throat, and both Cas and Dean glance over to him, having completely forgotten he was there. Dean didn’t even notice his brother had taken his feet off the table and was leaning forward onto it in rapt attention. “So… they let you go?”
It had been two days since Rufus left. Each night the nightmares had gotten worse, and he would wake up to the alarms jangling louder and louder as more of the dreamcatchers were filled.
But Cas is completely unfazed by Dean’s outburst, his hand sliding from Dean’s shoulder to his hand, picking it up and raising it to his lips.
They're going to make their mark on one of these cars. A semi-permanent indication of their passage through this area… this life… their love.
“Five foot eight,” she said, wiping her face and neck with the cloth, handing it back to Castiel before laying back down with a tired sigh. In minutes, she was asleep.
With one last quick kiss, Dean’s hands slide from Cas’ waist to grasp his hand, and together they join Sam and Jack at the table, where Jack had not only sliced the pie but served a slice of both pies on plates for each of them, complete with forks and napkins. They grab a plate and head back, nabbing a beer from the cooler as they pass and settling down on the benches by the fire — which, Dean notices in bemusement, was still going just as strong as it was when it was first lit, no sign of it diminishing.
Dean’s face turns hard as stone, lips quivering into a snarl as he digs fingers into Roman’s scalp, yanks his head back, and buries the bone into his neck.
“Still, nice work. Anyway, I did some digging and I’m pretty sure it’s a list of European Leviathan contacts.”
Tugging at his hand again, Dean pulls him closer to the cars. As they approach, Cas can see the paint patterns on the cars are not completely random - a variety of spray-painted symbols, letters, and designs are present. Dean begins to search the vehicles, looking for what, Cas does not know.
“Will you indulge me, sweet boy?” Dean’s head does its best impression of a bobblehead doll, and he’s rewarded with Castiel’s face lighting up like a kid at Christmas.
Cas nodded. “Of course, Sam. Dean is doing much better. We may even venture to the Dean Cave for a movie today.”
Four weeks since he’d last had to face waking up to jangling alarms from the filled traps, and mornings spent clearing them, dispatching monster after endless monster.
As Dean approached the turn for the road to the cabin, he suddenly pulled over, turning in his seat to face Cas' puzzled look.
Dean smiles and leans over to kiss him quickly. “Well, then, you’re in for a treat.” He tears open the bag of marshmallows and plucks one out, spearing it on the stick and holding it over the fire. “The trick is to get it close enough to the fire for it to melt and char a little. Don’t let it stay still or it’ll burn and that’s no good.” He demonstrates, twirling the marshmallow over the fire until it’s golden brown.
, as Dean’s eyes begin to flutter open, his breath gasping as he regains consciousness. Seconds later, Castiel is hit by the full force of those green eyes as they meet his own, hazy and dull at first but sharpening quickly with recognition.
Dean blinks. “About you?” Okay, fine. He’ll bite. “Well, for one,” Dean pulls up to a red light and turns towards Castiel, flagrantly giving him the once-over. “You’re hotter than hell. It’s a problem.” He grins at the flush blooming on Castiel’s cheeks just below the sunglasses. The light turns green and he directs his attention back to the road. “That, and your decidedly
Dean slinks away from the commotion, keeping low and out of sight of the advancing police and news reporters. Once he’s clear, he breaks into a jog towards a nearby parking lot, where in a shadowed corner sits the one BMoL toy he
“But, how is this possible?” he demands. “Bobby got the specs for this after David died, but there was no way to do it. I mean, I know we bled the Alpha Vamp dry before torching his carcass, and I personally bled that douche Crowley before sending his ass back to Hell.” He raises his eyes from the bone to catch his brother’s. “Where the
Seconds later, he yelps in surprise as a pinprick of liquid heat pools in the center of his chest and dribbles in a line down to his stomach, the honey hot but not burning, the warmth expanding as it spreads out against his skin. The weight on his thighs shifts again as Castiel leans forward; then the warm, wet pressure of Castiel’s tongue, pressed flat against Dean’s stomach, slowly slides up his body. As his tongue follows the trail of honey, Castiel’s body shifts against his and Dean breathes out a shaky moan when the hard line of Castiel’s cock slots next to his, just as his tongue laps up the last of the honey from his chest. Castiel doesn’t stop there, his tongue continuing up Dean’s neck and into his mouth, the sweet taste of the honey bursting on his taste buds as he sucks it from Castiel’s tongue, swallowing his groan as Dean ruts up against him.
“Great! Do you see the vein on his neck? His jugular — there, on the side. His heart’s beating fast, so it’s probably swollen. Inject all of it in there. It’ll go right to his heart.” Dean feels the stab of the needle in his neck but it’s distant, like it’s happening to someone else.
The smile that broaches Dean's face is as brilliant as the setting sun, and they turn in earnest to find a spot to place their mark.
“No, it was very enjoyable,” Castiel blurts out and only an act of extreme control prevents him from slapping a hand to his mouth, but it is rewarded by a bright smile from Dean.
Dean gives them a smile and a cocky wink, then turns back to his cards, pushing the two men out of his mind. He has a game to win.
“Yeah, maybe.” Dean feels his cheeks warming again and quickly flips the subject back on Castiel. “But you… you overcompensate. You tailor your suits but then hide yourself inside that beige armor you call a coat,” he says, gesturing at the trench coat. Castiel practically reinforces Dean’s point by pulling it tighter around himself. “You use stilted, formal language to make yourself seem more educated than you are, but that makes your colleagues think you’re talking down to them, that you think you’re better than them. Which, ironically, makes you less likely to be accepted because they think you’re an arrogant prick rather than just insecure.”
“Yeah, so the deal is going down in three days,” Dean says, “so grab a plane ticket and get’cher ass here.” He takes a deep breath. “Sam, seriously, we’re on a tight schedule here. Can you pass the word? I know probably no one else can make it but they’re gonna want to know and I don’t want to deal with the fallout if they hear about it after the fact.” He pauses, considering. “Actually, can you call Donna and Jody first? They were just up in Napa, might still be in the area.”
Castiel takes the proffered hand and rises, but shakes his head. “I need to be near you to protect you from your dreams, Dean.” He leans against him, and Dean wraps an arm around his bare waist to support him and guide him toward the bed, flushing from the feel of soft skin under his fingers - but fails to suppress a shiver as a wing wraps around his shoulder..
As they pulled into the parking area for Dick’s Drive-In, he had slammed on the brakes, Baby coming to a sudden stop with a squeal of rubber on pavement at the sight before him.
He shook his head to dispel the negative thought. Positive thoughts only, he chastised himself. Sam would find a reversal spell. He believed that.
He leans down and rests a hand softly on the sleeping bird’s good side, and breathes out a sigh of relief as his hand rises and falls with the bird’s breaths, feeling his heartbeat slow and steady there. Smiling, he gently strokes the soft flight feathers of his good wing under his hand - and jerks back, startled by the tingling in his palm and the popping blue-white sparks like static electricity. The bird, however, remains motionless.
“Oh, yes,” Cas looks away again, fingers twirling his cup distractedly, “I already ate. While I was waiting for the coffee.”
Dean takes the phone with him over to the fireplace where the bird lay, the blue eyes calmly following him as he approaches. “Hey buddy, don’t freak out - I gotta take a look at this so we can fix you up, okay?” He gently pulls the end of the towel away from the injured wing and, finding the break in the skin and feathers, takes a picture and sends it to Sam. “Okay, sent you a pic of the break.”
Dean takes another bite — it’s really quite good, pushing all of his breakfast buttons — and realizes what Cas is wearing when he reaches up to absently adjust his tie.
Rowena’s eyes flutter, the cloudy grey dispersing and returning to their usual hazel green. She breathes a satisfied sigh.
Sorry (not sorry) for leaving you on that SUPER SAPPY moment but it felt like a good place to stop (since I knew I would not get the rest of the work done in time to completely wrap it before the end of the month) so stay tuned as I complete the art for the next two chapters, and write/art the final chapter - all will be posted as timestamps.
“I apologize, Mr. Winchester… Mr. Novak,” Mr. Whitshaw says, “but I really need to resolve the account of your winnings.” He smiles, sheepish. “One hundred and fifty million dollars is rather a lot of money to have sitting around unclaimed.”
Sam snatches the book up eagerly, reading through the spell, checking the ingredients required. He looks up from the page and grins.
A “Double-O” BMoL agent — literally, an assassin who has been trained to kill high-profile or hard-to-kill subjects, using stealth and making it look like an accident.
Dean cries out as crackling energy flows through his body, burning through it from the inside out, but it’s not unpleasant - far from it. It’s like ecstasy on tap, running through his veins and absorbing into his skin and bones and muscles.
“BURGERS!” Dean manages to gasp out as he gets the laughter under control. “It’s a burger place Sam told me about. ‘The most life-changing burger joint in America’, or so Esquire Magazine would have you believe.” Turning to Cas, he arches an eyebrow. “But I’ll be the judge of
“Maybe longer due to his size. Should probably give it a full month just to be on the safe side. After that, you can feel the fracture site and there should be a bump where the break in the bone has healed over and it shouldn’t move.”
Dean leaps out of bed, throwing on the pair of sweats puddled on the floor and dashing to the front door, throwing it open and stepping outside to the porch.
The dealer flips the river card — a king — and inside, Dean is doing cartwheels. It’s exactly what he needed. Outside, he’s stone. Statues ain’t got nothin’ on him.
From a short distance away comes the sound of a throat clearing, followed by a hesitant, “Excuse me... Mr. Winchester?”
Through all of this, Feathers stands quietly; eyes slit to half-mast, scapular feathers fluffed and tail twitching. Dean smiles and runs fingers down his primaries, flaring them to check their condition, and a rumbling purr vibrates in Feather’s chest. Satisfied, Dean folds the wing back up and turns to the injured wing.
Castiel gives him an indulgent smile, then turns and heads to the closet. Opening the doors, he unzips the garment bag, revealing the beige trench coat draped over his standard navy blue suit and white shirt. Reaching into the pockets of the trench coat, he pulls out his coiled belt and blue tie before zipping the garment bag back up and closing the closet doors.
“DEAN? CAS… oh shit…” Sam’s voice echoing down the hallway from the garage startled Dean and he broke the kiss, but Cas retained the firm grip on Dean’s hips so when Sam walked into the kitchen, he was treated to the sight of his brother all but mounting his best friend on the kitchen island.
His bruised eyes are fierce when they refocus back on Dean’s, his other hand reaching to clasp the back of Dean’s neck and pull him near, pressing their foreheads together. “But they couldn’t break it, Dean. Our Bond is too strong,” Cas’ deep, gravely voice barely above a whisper.
Sam nodded in agreement, and Cas passed Tracy’s figurine to him. “Go, take her to the infirmary and prepare the Blue Faery spell. The cupcakes should almost be ready, and I want to check in on Dean before we proceed,” he said quietly, turning swiftly to leave.
“How about Gabe, Jo, Adam, and I in my car, and Dean, you and Cas go in the Impala?” Sam offered, and the rest of the group quickly agreed. It wasn’t as if Dean were going to say no, but he searched Cas’ eyes for any sign of discomfort at the idea and was relieved to see none there.
“It’s Bobby, Dean.” Sam’s choked voice cuts him off, and Dean feels his stomach drop. Sam doesn’t get choked up unless it’s
Dean laughs and tosses a rabbit at him, then winces at the ferocity with which Feathers attacks it. Within a matter of minutes, the rabbit is gone and those blue eyes are focused back on him.
Cas leans over and glances at the items by Dean’s feet with that adorable head-tilt Dean loves. “I don’t believe I have.”
“Hmm, I think I’ll start at the bottom though, nibble my way up.” He lowers to a knee in front of Dean and traces a finger across the side of his bare foot, up the back of his leg to the underside of his knee. Dean’s skin crawls at the contact but he steels himself, refusing to react or rise to the bait. “I’ll savor the screams along with your flesh.” His fingers continue under the missing chair seat to the underside of Dean’s thigh, then Dean can’t stop the harsh exhale as a rough hand clamps around Dean’s dick.
“What was that again, Dean? The pain must be addling your brain.” Dick grins wide and feral. “The only one dying here tonight is
Dean stares, his mind a total blank… and then he laughs, long and loud. He doubles over with the force of it, pain and relief flooding into him.
“Yeah, Casti… fuck it. Cas. I’m callin’ you ‘Cas’ because ‘Castiel’ is just…” Dean pinches the bridge of his nose.
That had been several weeks ago, and the closeness between the two had only increased since then - leading to Sam having to clear his throat loudly to draw their attention back to the subject at hand.
He’s not sure if he’ll ever get used to the idea that the half-angel kid he helped raise — who on most occasions still behaved very much like a kid — was capital-G
Tracy glanced between them, eyes wide, and ate the cake. A moment later, she fell back down against the bed, back arching and eyes wide, mouth gaping open in a silent cry as she began to grow again. When this bout of growth stopped, Tracy lay still on the bed, panting, sweat misting her face and neck. Castiel judged her to have grown to five feet, eight inches in height and proportional in width and limb length.
Dean boggles at him. “Holy shit, you are.” He pulls himself free, skittering backward until his bare skin hits the cold metal of the warehouse wall. “You’re an angel.”
The room is pitch black and Dean blinks rapidly to force his eyes to adjust. But no sooner than they are both inside the room than the door slams shut behind them and a hissing roar echoes in the silence.
and Dean gasps as Cas’ hands slide over the bare skin there and scoop under the waistband of his boxer briefs at his back, pulling them down before coming back around to the front to lift them over the top of Dean’s now rock-hard cock and slowly slide them down his legs. Dean kicks them off the rest of the way, and Cas nudges Dean’s legs apart to kneel between them, sitting back on his heels. He runs his hands up Dean’s thighs to his chest and under the shirt, then around to his back to pull him up off the bed and onto Cas’ lap, pulling off the t-shirt and tossing it to the side as he does so. Dean wraps his arms around Cas’ waist and holds on for dear life as Cas’ lips smash into his again, Cas’ hard cock dripping precome and sliding against his in the most delicious way.
His attention is drawn to the table when the dealer approaches, accompanied by guards carrying the chips. As the other players begin to approach to take their places, Dean sees an opportunity. Laying a hand on Lee’s shoulder, he rises. “Showtime.”
“Deeeeaaaan…” he gasped, drawing out the syllable like a prayer, layering kisses against his neck and collarbone in between shuddering breaths, hands clutching Dean’s back like a drowning man on a raft. Their hips thrusting together in time to Dean’s strokes, and Dean knew Cas was close, as the coiling pressure in his own pelvis indicated he would not be far behind.
“The first time he showed was when you prayed to him, right?” Dean nods, forgetting Sam can’t see him, but it doesn’t matter as Sam keeps going, “Have you tried praying to him again?”
With a sigh Cas nodded, rising from the bed and padding over to the drawer where Dean kept his t-shirts and sweats.
The room buzzes, players and spectators alike. Dean carefully does not react, his eyes never leaving Roman’s face.
“Dean Winchester. You’ll find the reservation under ‘Jack Wesson’.” Out of the corner of his eye he sees Cas startle, then feels the force of that blue glare burning a hole in the side of his head. He drops a wink and just barely stops himself from laughing out loud as Cas’ eyes narrow further. He could almost swear he sees smoke curling from his ears.
Cas had finally had enough of Gabe’s teasing and had made himself busy in the kitchen, making lunch for himself and Gabe, making sure he was packed for the trip (although he had never unpacked from coming home from his dorm), and other busywork. His mom, along with Bobby and Ellen, had left for the cabin earlier this morning to get everything ready for the rest of the family, with the kids coming up later after Dean arrived.
Those eyes now take on a worried look as Cas takes a deep breath, relaxing his grip on Dean's wrists, thumbs tracing circles on the sensitive skin there, goosebumps surging up Dean’s arms.
He rises and takes a peek out his bedroom door anyway and confirms that Cas’ door is still closed. He quickly crosses to the phone on his nightstand and orders breakfast from room service.
Leaving Amarillo behind, Dean takes the turn that leads them back to the I-40 and New Mexico - but instead of getting back on the main freeway, he takes the frontage road instead.
Dean grins. “C’mon, Cas, buck up. It’s not the Ritz Carlton but these places tend to be cozy… and it’s only for a night anyway.” He hops out to check in and returns shortly with the keys to the room. They park in front of the door and head inside to check the place out.
Sam looked up from the book he’d been reading, and rubbing his eyes, realized he had read this same page three times already and had no idea what the words actually said. Groaning and stretching, he stood and walked to the kitchen for more coffee and a bite to eat, to try and wake up his mind.
Dean matches his grin. “Perfect.” Feeling bold, he leans down to give Cas another kiss, but this time Cas turns away.
Cas’ bright smile warms him like a shaft of sunlight. “Yes, among other things… but I can do that just as easily by your side as I can alone.” His hands cup both sides of Dean’s face. “Especially given what you and your brother do. I believe my duty will be more than fulfilled by staying and helping you.”
All the little touches throughout the day… brushing hands and knees and arms and locked gazes… all have been building the pressure leading to this moment.
“GAHHHH WHAT THE FUCK…” Castiel heard Sam’s exclamation all the way from the kitchen where he had gone to make coffee in anticipation of Sam’s need upon waking, and in no small part his desire for some as well, having developed quite a taste for it. So shocking was Sam’s reaction, Castiel almost dropped the cup he was preparing for himself. Setting it down quickly and hastening to the library to see what had alarmed Sam, he almost ran into him as he left the kitchen.
Cas reaches up to cover Dean’s hand with his own… then thrusts it away, turning to leave. “I’m sorry.”
“While you two have been… whatever you were doing… I DON’T WANT TO KNOW!” Sam interjected and threw up a hand as Cas ‘ mouth opened, certain that he was about to begin explaining
He casts a suspicious eye at Jack, who merely smiles benignly as he loads his plate with macaroni salad.
Castiel’s head whips from where he’d been staring at Dean to gauge his reactions to Sam’s questions to Sam himself, panic at his directness crawling up his throat and causing his heart to play hopscotch in his chest. Sam has the audacity to
Dean’s heart rate goes up. “You mean, replacing him with a Leviathan.” Lee nods solemnly and Dean swallows in apprehension.  “That could make life
“Cas, we need to…” he pauses, closing his eyes briefly and taking a deep breath before continuing. “I need to talk to you about what I asked you the other day.”
The final strains of When The Levee Breaks play over the speakers, followed by the hum of the cassette auto-rewinding. He feels Dean’s hand rest on his shoulder and squeeze gently.
Cas manages to grab the wine glass from her hand before it ends up all over Dean’s back, as Jody approaches at a more sedate pace. “And Castiel!” Jody says, a big, if somewhat surprised, grin on her face. “What brings you boys to Napa Valley?” She quickly lowers her voice. “You boys on a case? Where’s Sam?”
As Dean tips into the garage, his stomach lurches and he vomits violently against the wall. His mind clears briefly, long enough for him to fetch the spare key to the Impala out of his pocket and stagger to the car.
, Sam!” Dean barks angrily, reason barely winning the fight against the urge to hurl the phone into the fire. “He didn’t leave of his own free will,
Cas’ eyes go soft, and he reaches a tentative hand out to Dean. “Yes, I’m an angel.” He swallows, the sound loud in the stillness. “Be not afraid.”
“So you’re saying poker is just a game of probabilities and odds,” Castiel says, deadpan. “What a relief, I was worried there was some luck involved.”
“I’m awesome, babe,” he sighs contentedly against the crown of his head. “I honestly can’t remember when I’ve felt better.”
. Dean knows that look, a shadow of the one he wore when commenting on Dean’s ‘plan’ versus a game composed primarily of luck. But there’s nothing he can say to alleviate Cas’ concerns — so he shrugs and gives Cas a smile and a peck on the cheek, slapping Lee’s shoulder along the way as he turns to head back to the table where the next hand is about to be dealt.
Dean turns back, knife held behind his back, and is stunned by the man before him. Wide, ice-blue eyes seem to glow from within, boring into his as if seeing directly into his soul. Hair wild, full lips pressed into a shy smile even though Dean and Bobby had just pumped him full of rock salt.
“Fine.” Castiel glances back up as Dean pivots on a heel and heads for the door. “Do what you gotta do. I need coffee.” He storms out of the room, his footsteps echoing down the hall as he heads for the kitchen.
“God, I love you so much, Cas,” he whispers, his voice choked with emotion. Then he shivers as the rest of the hot water runs out, the temperature dropping rapidly. “C’mon, we’re gonna freeze again.” Dean’s hand drops from Castiel’s face to his hand, spinning around to turn off the shower water and open the shower door to retrieve towels from the rack above the toilet, handing one to Castiel.
go unnoticed by Gabe, who almost doubled over in mirth, and Cas felt his face go hot with embarrassment.
He’s not sure what’s going to happen if the dreams get even worse and more apparitions come than he has dreamcatchers to hold them.
to get tickets to), but Sam had picked up the soundtrack somewhere and raved about it. He must have made a copy for Cas at some point, Dean finding it among the few tapes recovered from Cas’ truck at the lake house. Dean had of course added them to Baby’s tape collection, a fond memory of Cas that made him smile every time he opened the box.
“And you must be Sam,” Cas says, warm but weary, raising his free hand to grasp Sam’s. “It is a pleasure to finally meet you in person.”
Dean nods, braces as Castiel places two gentle fingers on his forehead, and gasps as a memory floods his mind.
Dean bolts upright and glances over to the small table to see Cas, already fully dressed and with two cups and a foil-covered tube. “Cas, what… what are you…”
Both heads shot up, startled.  "Yeah… what's up? Case?" Dean grumbled, more annoyed at being startled than interrupted.
His eyes are closed but he definitely hears a sharp intake of breath from the other bed and grins to himself.
They were sitting together in the Dean Cave watching Tombstone again, when Val Kilmer uttered his famous line, "I'm your Huckleberry"…
The snap of a log crumbling in the fireplace wakes Dean. He’s alone on the couch, and he leans up to see Cas by the fireplace, jabbing at the fire with the iron poker to stir up the embers against the approaching chill of night and laying another log on them. The golden glow of the firelight flickers warm on the skin of his bare shoulders and in the iridescent feathers of his wings, highlighting the blue/green in them with sparks of gold.
After what seemed like an eternity, Castiel finally found his voice. “Cas…” his voice squeaked, and he quickly cleared his throat before trying again. “You can call me Cas.”
A wicked, leering grin curls her lips. Of course, there was more to her plan than simply helping a hunter and an angel — both of whom at one time actively pursued her demise — find love and happiness. Fostering that love and devotion was the ultimate weapon for her revenge against Chuck. For she knew at some point in the near future, there would be a confrontation between him and the Winchesters — one didn’t need prescience to see it, it was clear as a bell to anyone with eyes — and an angel with an attachment to the elder Winchester even more profound than the original bond between them on their side would certainly seal Chuck’s doom.
Even after Dean stabs him and Bobby tries to take him out with a crowbar, the man’s expression merely changes from earnest to slightly annoyed. Power pours off him as he presses fingers to Bobby’s head, watching calmly as Bobby slowly sinks to the ground.
The expression Dean had been wearing when he had lunged in the path of the witch’s attack was frozen on his face - panic and determination in equal measure, the green eyes wide and alarmed, lips drawn in concentration. It was a similar expression to the one Dean had been wearing upon their return to the Bunker after the last confrontation with Chuck. They had retired to the kitchen to give Sam and Eileen some privacy -- her experiences of being such an easy pawn for Chuck had shaken her to her core, filling her with the overwhelming need to leave until she could “find something real” --  and as they sat together at the kitchen table, Castiel could see the tension still lurking in Dean: lips drawn, green eyes blazing - but then, it had been with anger and determination; his eyes not quite so wide, the pupils not quite so dilated. Their knees brushing under the table, Castiel could feel the tension there as well, and his hands clenched around the glass of whiskey, a visual indicator of the same. He had reached out then, his fingers brushing against Dean’s against the glass, trying to coerce him to let go, to relax. He had leaned forward, to press his forehead against Dean’s to offer some modicum of comfort. It had been in the process of working - Dean’s face had tilted up, full lips millimeters away from contact with his own, Dean’s index finger loosening on the glass to stroke against his, when Sam made an obvious show of being present, startling Dean away from the contact - much to Castiel’s intense and lingering regret.
He didn’t even have to pull the “I saved the world — THREE TIMES” card; or the “This handsome bastard next to me is an ex-ANGEL” card. Not that the ranger would have believed him anyway.
Sleep comes quickly this time, and for a moment Dean thinks the curse might actually be broken somehow - but no. It’s just tonight’s creature feature is staring Rawheads, who move a bit slower but are much,
An indulgent smile replaces the calm expression, as Cas’ hand moves down from Dean’s hair to cup his face, and Cas leans down to press that smile against Dean’s lips. Dean feels the fire under his skin erupt again at the contact and brings a hand up to twist in Cas’ hair, holding him there while Dean explores Cas’ mouth with his tongue.
He turns to see Dean sitting up in bed next to him, surveilling the room as well. He must feel Castiel stir and glances over, a bright smile spreading over his face.
The second thing he notices is the smell of coffee, and rising on an elbow, he’s surprised to see the source of the smell — a coffee pot, set on a grate placed over the hot pile of embers in the fire pit. Dean takes a deep breath, inhaling the rich aroma of the coffee, and then softly chuckles at the four blue-speckled cups sitting in a row on the remaining bench.
“I’ll explain it to you later, Cas,” Dean says, then sobering, turns his attention back to Sam. “So you’re saying this… curse… is
Dean comes up behind Cas to place his arms around his waist, his chin on Cas' shoulder to admire their mark.
Another errant firework exploded in the harbor district, rattling the bar windows and causing Castiel to jump, aggravating his already strained nerves. He drained the whiskey in his glass and motioned to the bartender for another.
He had been routinely checking the other figurines and found that while their sparks were also diminishing, it was at a much slower rate than Dean’s. His spark was now approaching the level of some of the weakest figurines.
And if he was being truthful with himself, he ached to see Dean again, even if it meant getting his heart crushed.
It was as if whatever this being was, it was forming itself based on Dean’s deepest desires, ones he hadn’t even acknowledged to himself.
They head out early the next morning, Sam getting up early to fix them coffee and a quick breakfast before sending them off. Cas walked into the kitchen, all suit and tie and tan trench coat with suitcases in hand, just as Sam was dishing up the food, but declined to eat, pouring a cup of coffee and drinking it quietly instead while the brothers ate and went over last-minute details. Plates emptied and cleared, they headed for the garage, loaded Dean’s duffel and Castiel’s suitcases into the trunk, slid into their respective seats, and were on their way.
“Apparently your friend Lee was particularly fond of this part of you, for some reason,” Roman continues as Dean gasps. “Enough that he was willing to sell out the pretty accountant you’ve grown so attached to.”
“I just thought they would be more comfortable on the shelf instead of in the boxes, “ Castiel explained, his confused look deepening.
Cas sighs and purrs contentedly, the wings twitching and fluffing under Dean’s caress, his voice rumbling and vibrating against Dean’s lips and chest when he speaks.
It’s not like they don’t ever switch it up… but it’s a pretty rare thing since Dean loves bottoming and Cas
When Dean arrives at their suite, he sees that it is, indeed, a two-bedroom suite and the other door is closed — and Dean doesn’t have to check to know that it’s locked as well.
Cas finally reaches up, wrapping long fingers around his wrists and pulling them gently from his face, then sliding down to grasp his hands. Cas catches his gaze, his eyes bright and clear, a soft smile on his face. With a squeeze, he releases Dean’s right hand but keeps hold of the left, moving back to his bench to grasp Jack’s hand again. Dean and Jack reach for Sam’s, and they stand like that for a while, the sound of Dean’s heart beating and the crackling of the fire between them the only sounds in the world.
Dean’s spark was so low, he could barely feel it. Castiel tried again, pushing down the desperation building in his chest and threatening to spill from his eyes. He looked up at Sam, sitting in a chair on the other side of Dean’s bed, met his gaze and saw his own fear reflected in Sam’s eyes.
Sam, being the lanky gargantuan bitch he is, manages to snatch the bottle away before Dean can grab it.
Cas, ever considerate, had placed his slippers within easy reach, and his dead man’s robe lay neatly out on the foot of the bed. Donning both, he rose to his feet with a grunt, and shuffled toward the door, grasping the doorknob to pull the door open...
“It’s time, big guy.” With a final brush of his hand down the bird’s back, he’s shocked (quite literally) by the prickle of static electricity as he does so. Bemused, he stands and steps back.
He looks over his shoulder. One other car is parked nearby, so someone else must also be here to see whatever lies at the end of the path.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean sees the flush pass over Castiel’s face - and he suddenly realizes why, every so often, he would find bird feathers in the bed when he woke up. “Wait… when you were a bird, you
His eyes drift shut as Cas nestles himself in between Dean’s legs, capturing Dean’s face between his hands and Dean’s lips with his own.
“Cas…”, Dean groans against Cas’ neck, his lips and tongue tracing down the angel’s neck, his fingers trailing down the scapulars and heading for the oil glands there.
“How long…” Dean's voice rasps, his throat raw, and he reaches for the water glass still on the table and downs it, grimacing.
“Sure, Cas. Just an accountant.” He turns back to the trunk, setting the bone back in the trunk’s weapons compartment before lowering the compartment lid and fastening it shut. Dean closes the trunk, steadfastly ignoring the slight tremor of his hands. He steadies his breathing as he leans against the garage-cool car.
Cas grasps his chin and pulls him back to look at him. The sparks are even more noticeable now as he frowns at Dean. “You are the
Giving a quick squeeze, he disengages his hand from Cas’ and flips the turn signal, sliding into the lane for I-5 North.
With that, Dean takes Cas’ hand and rests it in the crook of his arm. “I think it’s time to celebrate.”
Feeling the weight of gravity and contented exhaustion begin to take him, Dean nods and relaxes back into the pillow. But he stirs one final time.
“Hurry.” He hears Sam’s footsteps receding and he flips off the door. Grabbing a flannel, he pulls that on as well and sighs again as his stomach rumbles.
Dean smirks. “Oh, there’s more. Since we’ve been dating for several months, we have a shared suite.”
, killing and taking the form of people in positions of power or access, but neither branch of the MoL knew much else — where the Leviathans came from, or how wide-spread their infiltration has become.
Sam grasped Cas’ shoulders and gave him a small shake, breaking Cas out of his trance. He looked up at Sam, his face stricken.
As he parked in front of the house and shut off the engine, Sam and Jo burst out of the front door, Jo running to give him a big hug with Sam arriving at a more sedate pace.
“I’m surprised you didn’t throw me into that wall, coming up on you the way I did,” Lee continues, his lips curled into a feral smile. “You’re off your game, darlin’.” He gives a pointed glance toward the closed elevator doors. “Or just distracted, maybe.” He raises a glass in his other hand, offering it to Dean — Johnny Walker Blue, if his nose isn’t lying to him: his favorite whiskey. “Thirsty?”
Castiel’s entire head rolls with his eyes. “I now feel completely assured our money is in good hands.”
macaroni salad all make an appearance seemingly out of nowhere; and when Dean turns with the plates of cooked burgers and toasted buns, his eyes grow wide at the manifestation of not one but
Dean has to grin. He’s had a few partners that have commented on his “magic fingers” and it must translate to the animal world as well. With a gentle pat, he lowers his hands and smiles, picking up the strip of fabric and binding the wing back to his body.
Other things were beginning to feel a lot better as well, Dean noticed, and ground his hips against Cas to see if he would notice. Cas’ gasp and soft moan was all the indication he needed, and he pressed a smiling kiss into Cas’ neck.
For a brief moment, Dean stiffened at the contact, then with a muffled groan, softened against him, giving over to the kiss and returning it in kind. When Castiel realized what he’d done, he pulled away quickly, glancing around at the other boys in alarm. But no one had noticed - the room was dark and the other boys were still focused on the movie. Hesitantly, he turned back to Dean, fearing what he would see on his face.
Dean stares at the beer, then glances accusingly up at Sam. “You said we were out of beer!” he grumbles.
Cas nods his thanks, grabs the jar of honey and takes a taste. His eyes widen and the gaze he levels at Dean is warm and appreciative. “This tastes wonderful, Dean. Thank you.” He proceeds to pour a hefty amount into his tea, and takes a sip; the low moan of satisfaction he gives goes straight to Dean’s crotch.
“Oh, right, sorry.” Dean matches the bet, shoving the chips into the pot, and using the motion to cover several deep breaths as he gets his heart rate back under control.
it — if asked, it’s just alcohol. But it’s actually pretty tasty). “Who’s up for another round? I”m buyin’.” Donna and Cas are in deep conversation over the effectiveness of knives over guns, but both absently raise a quick hand.
In the distance, he counts what looks like ten columns angling up from the ground, but the sun's glare behind them prevents him from seeing much more.
The second thought causes him to blank out for a second but Sam’s voice brings him back to the present.
Dean feels like a ghost these days - wandering aimlessly through the Bunker. The tightness in his chest, the pull on his spirit, making him feel less substantial by the day. Sam has hidden all the liquor, so there’s no respite for him that way, either.
“No wing oil, sweetheart. Gotta take more mundane measures…” Dean murmurs against Castiel’s ear, the heat of Dean’s breath against his neck drawing another involuntary shiver.
As soon as he rounds the corner and is out of sight, Sam’s head pops from behind one of the stacks, his eyes wide. “Wow, you weren’t kidding.”
Sam glanced up over the top of his laptop to see Dean and Castiel at the far end of the table, eyes locked on each other in silent communion. Dean’s hand was outstretched on the table, Cas’ clasping it firmly, their fingers entwined - oblivious to anything that wasn’t each other.
Castiel, his throat dry and voice gone, shakes his head. Dean nods and smiles, his hand trailing down Castiel’s arm to his hand to give it a squeeze before pivoting on his heel and heading toward the kitchen.
Dean can’t stop staring at him. A snippet of a song runs through his brain - “Get outta my dreams, get into my car.”
As he strokes back the dark hair from Cas’ forehead and presses a kiss there, he notices something else - the tightness in his chest, the thin, stretched pull against his soul - it’s gone. The cold emptiness replaced by the warmth he felt in the cabin, the thread connecting them - their Bond - strong and vibrant.
just hear Cas tell him… “Are you nuts? I can beat him.” His hand reaches out, grasping Cas’ chin, pulling his gaze up to meet his own. “Yeah, I was… impatient, maybe. Arrogant.” He takes a deep breath. “But I can
Sam’s hands on his shoulders squeeze and shake him a little, jarring him from his apathy. “Then he should be able to find you wherever - including the Bunker!”
Cas places a hand over Dean’s on his cheek, smiling up at him. “Dean… I’m fine.” The smile fades as his gaze drops to Dean’s arms, splattered with black ooze. “But that shirt is not.”
Kevin Tran, a first-year intern, is the first to notice them from his perch in the Library, a small mountain range of books piled around him and an open laptop. “Oh, hey Chief. I think I have the information you were looking for.”
“Oops. Guess I should have checked if you were done with that first,” he says, the apology in his voice not stopping him from grabbing his bottle and taking a drink. “Kinda hard to hold a bottle with meat-hands.”
Cas’ smile was soft and sad. “For becoming too involved with my charge - you,” he said, eyes glancing back up to meet Dean’s. “I was tasked with answering your prayer and leaving - I was not supposed to fall in love with you.” The smile turned into a feral grin. “They were certainly not very pleased when they discovered I had Bonded with you.”
As he’s dressing, his phone dings on the bathroom counter. Picking it up and unlocking it with a press of his thumb against the screen, he sees a message from Lee.
, let’s say, that proves he’s been taking bribes.” The smirk turns feral. “His deputy has since taken over and he’s not a big fan of Roman.”
“Dean, you need to rest. You’re not yet ready for this kind of… activity,” Cas scolded, but the last word coming out in a breathy moan as Dean ground against him again, giving the lie to his words.
Cas positively growls, the sound stirring things in Dean’s very sore dick, causing him to hiss. “I am
He walks to one end, pauses, walks back. As he passes the door, he pauses briefly and listens; but only for a second, the fear taking hold and pushing him to move again, to the other end of the hallway. Turn, repeat.
Dean pulled Castiel back to him, pressing a kiss to his neck. “I’m never losing you again,” Dean breathed against the shell of Castiel’s ear.
To Castiel’s great relief, Dean finally stirred, rolling onto his back and blinking wearily up at Castiel, then slowly turning his head and spied his brother.
A half-hour later, he’s once again standing by the door, this time armed with a demon blade. He shoves the door open and steps out into the light, only slightly squinting.
Lee is waiting for him at the table they met at before. He rises as Dean approaches, hand outstretched in greeting. But before Dean can take it, Lee’s eyes narrow for just a moment — then his lips stretch into a wide grin .“Hey, stud. Did your gorgeous accountant melt that cold, cold heart of yours last night?”
But before Dean can explain, the sky opens up and rain begins to pour. The downpour breaks him free from the icy, clawing grip of fear, and Dean begins to laugh.
After a few minutes and several cars, Dean shouts "Ah HA!"  Cas jogs to Dean's location, where he has found a small, somewhat secluded patch of white in a very auspicious location - the rear deck, very near the same location where Sam and Dean's initials are carved into Dean's Baby.
Dean slowly cracks open the door to the office and, with a quick glance to make sure the way is clear, hustles out of the office and down the hallway to the service elevator, taking it down to the basement level then out the back service entrance to the deserted loading dock. The building was more or less empty when he arrived, but of course there are security people here and there, and it’s not beyond the realm of possibility that one of them heard that gunshot and were on their way to investigate.
“Hook up the defibrillator and insert the needle in his arm, Cas. It will send me Dean’s vitals and analyze his blood so I can figure out what they gave him.” Dean feels the cool air hit his sweat-covered skin as Cas yanks his shirt open further, the chill of the pads against his hot flushed skin, the prick of the needle in his arm.
Dean had reached a hand to Cas’ chin, lifting it up to look into his eyes. “Hey, hey… it’s fine!” He dropped the brochure on the bed and stood, gathering Cas into his arms. “This trip isn’t just about
The final card — the river — is dealt: the two of hearts. Everyone is looking at the cards — except for Dean and Roman, who are instead staring at each other. Finally, Roman’s eyes drift to the river card, and he lowers the finger tapping at his eye. Not a twitch to be seen.
Well, he deserved this. The deal successfully navigated; signed, sealed and delivered. Nothing else to do until his flight home tomorrow. At least here, in a room full of strangers, he felt less like a loser than he would sitting in his hotel room alone. Here, at least, he could enjoy others celebrating.
“Okay… okay.” Rufus releases Dean’s shoulder with a sigh, walking back to the porch to collect the bag he had  placed there prior to setting up the spells, and slinging it up onto a shoulder. “I’ll let you know as soon as it’s done.” Rufus looks up at the sky, the sun starting to dip below the cabin. “Probably gonna stop in Billings for the night, should be to where I’m goin’ tomorrow afternoon.” Using the arm not holding up the bag, he pulls Dean into a hug, and Dean grunts in surprise. Rufus is
Oh well, they have another sixteen hours or so of solitary confinement in the car together. He’ll just have to double down on the charm.
“This is Mr. Whitshaw from JP Morgan-Chase Bank, who holds the stakes.” He steps aside and the banker addresses the players.
“We’ll see you, Dean.”  His friends walk away, and one of them nudges him roughly as they elbow past.  He means to toss them a parting wave but it falls flat.
Joshua --- ENDUKUGGA / ENMUL: With Nindukugga, Sumerian gods living in the underworld; parents of Enlil.
have this fabulous social life he wants me to have.”  He pulled the last of the pancakes from the skillet and shoved them too roughly onto the baking sheet in the oven to stay warm.  One fell off the other side, but he didn’t seem to care.  “How you like your eggs?”
She lifted one finger, dug in her pack for a moment, and pulled out an innocuous looking purse.  She pulled the drawstrings and expanded the purse out into a complicated series of folded maps.  “We’re here,” pointing to a red patch.  “From what Cas told me while the girls were packing, they’re pretty sure that something, probably unseelie, caught up with them here,” indicating a paisley swirl corresponding with the mountains to the southwest.  “They investigated rather than continue on and lead an unfriendly into camp, but look here.” She re-folded the map to show a more detailed view of the mountains.  “Just here, they found a settlement.  Long extinct, of course, but there were humans there once.  And where we find humans-“
“Meg sent her hounds to attack me,” Jo interrupts, speaking softly. She sets her hand over the place on her abdomen and runs a soft fingertip across a thick and ugly pink scar on her wrist.
"God, you're thick. Don't you wonder why it should be Sam, the younger sister, and not the elder?  She took your place, you dunderhead."
As they lounged at the side of the pool, Cas standing in the shallows, Dean leaning against the wall with his legs floating out in front of him, they talked.  Mostly, their talk drifted lazily from one subject to another, from movies Dean had never seen (“No living human has not seen
The party is to spend the whole of the morning gathering fruit and exploring the grounds at their leisure, before making their way up Vessel Hill for a picnic at the usual hour. The guests converge on the glass building, but the young people are in high animal spirits and do not linger long. Within the hour, only the parents and a few negligent chaperones remain in the orangerie, in company with their hostess. Miss Chambers, Miss Talbot, and Miss Robinson are among the first to slip away, holding hands and laughing about some secret that could only be shared along a solitary walk to the west of the main house. I think you and I, my dearest ’Thea, might guess the girls’ secret, how their loving hearts flutter scandalously fast in their chests with forbidden feelings for one another, but their governesses never would. Sam Winchester and Ruby Morningstar make their escape next, and when Miss Novak promises her brother to fulfill the duties owed their guests, Dean Winchester does not even remember to ascertain his brother’s whereabouts before urging Lord Novak to accompany him to the labyrinth.
“Yeah well.”  He looked uncomfortable.  Guilty, maybe.  “If he’d tasted it, he would have drunk it all himself.”  A heavy silence fell.  “Anyway.  Cas doesn’t seem to mind day-old sludge.”
While Miss Winchester and Miss Novak maintain a tête-à-tête in one corner of the room, Lord Novak reads tirelessly aloud to the patient, Jo having supplied him with Dean’s favourite novels from the circulating library. Dean flushes and hurls imprecations at Jo for her choice of
Sam stifled a grin; clearly they’d conversed more than Dean let on. "Well yeah, same difference; we couldn't leave him stranded in Pontiac and expect him to still want to let me live there. Rent-free, no less.
The wake-up call came through before the sun was up.  If Cas heard, he played possum flawlessly.  Dean nudged him, trying to reclaim his arm.  “I’m not your damn teddy bear,” he chuckled into Cas’ thick hair.  The only response to that was a grunt and a wriggle, but his movement let Dean slip free.  “Coffee, babe?”  Another grunt, less noncommittal this time.
Crowley turned to find Kevan flushed, properly roiled.  "Dena of Winchester is a fool.  A fool and a cheat.  She thought she could flake out on her debts.  Let me tell you something," she nearly shouted, "I brokered that deal.  I'm on the hook for that, that manipulative scag, and her escape is on MY head!"  She composed herself with some difficulty, eventually managing a breezy, "What do you care anyway?"
Dean chuckled at the wet spot on his pants before realizing that his own were pretty damp, too.  He had just enough time to wonder, “What’s Sammy gonna think when he sees us,” then just enough time to realize with alarm that he hadn’t heard from his brother, before his phone rang and his hand closed over it with cautious relief.  “Sammy?”
Cas nodded.  “I wanted to write about a more contemporary film, something from a living director.  Spielberg seemed the obvious choice; it was just a matter of narrowing down my options.
It was the third time since his last expedition to retrieve more books.  Sam tried to remember if Cas had turned the page even once in all that time.
Sam shifts. “I was otherwise engaged. That is-” He gathers the courage to explain to his brother, the head of his family and the only man with any real authority to tell him what he will or will not do: “Dean, I have asked for Miss Morningstar’s hand, and she and her father have given it.”
By the time they climbed out of the pool, their fingers and toes were painfully wrinkled and Sam and Jess were long gone.
Then Dean, the faithful companion, pleaded, answering him, ‘O my lord, you do not know this monster and that is the reason you are not afraid. I who know him, I am terrified. His teeth are dragon's fangs, his countenance is like a lion, his charge is the rushing of the flood, with his look he crushes alike the trees of the forest and reeds in the swamp. O my Lord, you may go on if you choose into this land, but I will go back to the city. I will tell the lady your mother all your glorious deeds till she shouts for joy: and then I will tell the death that followed till she weeps for bitterness.' But Castiel said, ‘Immolation and sacrifice are not yet for me, the boat of the dead shall not go down, nor the three-ply cloth be cut for my shrouding. Not yet will my people be desolate, nor the pyre be lit in my house and my dwelling burnt on the fire. Today, give me your aid and you shall have mine: what then can go amiss with us two? All living creatures born of the flesh shall sit at last in the boat of the West, and when it sinks, when the boat of MAGILUM sinks, they are gone; but we shall go forward and fix our eyes on this monster. If your heart is fearful, throw away fear; if there is terror in it, throw away terror. Take your axe in your hand and attack. He who leaves the fight unfinished is not at peace.'
Castiel saw a well of cool water and he went down and bathed; but deep in the pool there was lying a serpent, and the serpent sensed the sweetness of the flower. It rose out of the water and snatched it away, and immediately it sloughed its skin and returned to the well. Then Castiel sat down and wept, the tears ran down his face, and he took the hand of Tessa; ‘O Tessa, was it for this that I toiled with my hands, is it for this I have wrung out my heart's blood? For myself I have gained nothing; not I, but the beast of the earth has joy of it now. Already the stream has carried it twenty leagues back to the channels where I found it. I found a sign and now I have lost it. Let us leave the boat on the bank and go.'
Castiel brightened.  “Yes, accounting! Or-”  He paused, scowled. “Well, that’s what my parents are paying for.”
Musical chairs after lunch put Sam in the driver’s seat and Cas riding shotgun, with Dean supposedly catching some shuteye in the back. He couldn’t sleep at first.  No matter how many times he told himself to stop worrying about what to do with Cas, the thought recurred over and over: could a long-distance relationship work?
When Castiel heard this he was seized with anger. He took his axe in his hand, and his dagger from his belt. He crept forward and he fell on them like a javelin. Then he went into the forest and sat down. Tessa saw the dagger flash and heard the axe, and he beat his head, for Castiel had shattered the tackle of the boat in his rage. Tessa said to him, ‘Tell me, what is your name? I am Tessa, the ferryman of Death the Faraway." He replied to him, ‘Castiel is my name, I am from URUK, from the house of ANU.' Then Tessa said to him, ‘Why are your cheeks so starved and your face drawn? Why is despair in your heart and your face like the face of one who has made a long journey; yes, why is your face burned with heat and with cold, and why do you come here wandering over the pastures in search of the wind?
Castiel answered her, ‘And why should not my cheeks be starved and my face drawn? Despair is in my heart and my face is the face of one who has made a long journey, it was burned with heat and with cold. Why should I not wander over the pastures in search of the wind? My friend, my younger brother, he who hunted the wild ass of the wilderness and the panther of the plains, nay friend, my younger brother who seized and killed the Bull of Heaven and overthrew Lucifer in the cedar forest, my friend who was very dear to me and who endured dangers beside me, Dean my brother, whom I loved, the end of mortality has overtaken him. I wept for him seven days and nights till the worm fastened on him. Because of my brother I am afraid of death, because of my brother I stray through the wilderness and cannot rest. But now, young woman, maker of wine, since I have seen your face do not let me see the face of death which I dread so much.'
Castiel said to him, ‘Why should not my cheeks be starved and my face drawn? Despair is in my heart and my face is the face of one who has made a long journey. It was burned with heat and with cold. Why should I not wander over the pastures? My friend, my younger brother who seized and killed the Bull of Heaven and overthrew Lucifer in the cedar forest, my friend who was very dear to me and endured dangers beside me, Dean, my brother whom I loved, the end of mortality has overtaken him. I wept for him seven days and nights till the worm fastened on him. Because of my brother I am afraid of death; because of my brother I stray through the wilderness. His fate lies heavy upon me. How can I be silent, how can I rest? He is dust and I shall die also and be laid in the earth for ever.’ Again Castiel said, speaking to Death, ‘It is to see Death whom we call the Faraway that I have come this journey. For this I have wandered over the world, I have crossed many difficult ranges, I have crossed the seas, I have wearied myself with travelling; my joints are aching, and I have lost acquaintance with sleep which is sweet. My clothes were worn out before I came to the house of Jo. I have killed the bear and hyena, the lion and panther, the tiger, the stag and the ibex, all sorts of wild game and the small creatures of the pastures. I ate their flesh and I wore their skins; and that was how I came to the gate of the young woman, the maker of wine, who barred her gate of pitch and bitumen against me. But from her I had news of the journey; so then I came to Tessa the ferryman, and with him I crossed over the waters of death. Oh, father Death, you who have entered the assembly of the gods, I wish to question you concerning the living and the dead, how shall I find the life for which I am searching?
Bolstered by his declaration, Castiel speaks again, and his words take a yet more serious shape. “Dean, would you do me the honour- I cannot ask for your hand, I cannot offer you a marriage, nothing more than the profoundest bond your word and mine can cement, but it would make me the very happiest of men! What I mean is, would you do me the very great honour of agreeing to live with me, to share your life with me, to be my husband?”
When she had spoken Dean was pleased; he longed for a comrade, for one who would understand his heart. ‘Come, woman, and take me to that holy temple, to the house of ANU and of Meg, and to the place where Castiel lords it over the people. I will challenge him boldly, I will cry out aloud in URUK, "I am the strongest here, I have come to change the old order, I am he who was born in the hills, I am he who is strongest of all.”’
He opened the hatch of his father’s ancient station wagon.  Most of the suitcases would fit in here, he calculated, and he could still wedge in the box of toiletries.  They could leave earlier than anticipated - leave Naomi to supervise the movers - and Castiel would still have all of the essentials.
Dearest Alethea, after your complaints during my last holiday from writing you these little stories, I hope you will find this interval to be more to your liking!
Dean stopped talking completely after Sam fell asleep.  He was quiet for a long while, and Cas thought that maybe he was just absorbed in the music, until he realized that his thumbs were still, not tapping on the steering wheel like they always did.  He opened his mouth to ask if he’d said something wrong, or-
Cas turned his head to stare at Dean again.  He squinted with his lower lids. “It’s embarrassing and stupid.”
When they first arrived, they were met by the house mother, Ellen.  She and Donna managed the accommodations for half a campful of soldiers in the rambling old manor house.  Meanwhile, Jody sought out another resident to talk strategy.
“Right.  Okay.”  He blew out a breath.  “A surprise party for my brother, the demon.  That’s probably not as weird as it sounds.”
She waved her hands with a toss of her head.  “No, don’t tell me, Castiel. Artists are hard to love, and it’s even harder to win their love.”
Dean pulled a face and gave Cas a half-nod.  He clearly didn’t understand, but he was willing to accept the truth of what Cas said.  “His books are terrible,” Dean conceded. “And I don’t know your mom, obviously, but the one time I met your dad, he had a real creepy-uncle vibe going on.”
“No. No, Dean, I couldn’t-” she starts to argue. But her brother’s eyes plead, and she relents. She straightens her skirts primly and replies, “Very well, dear brother, if it please you.”
Death said, ‘As for you, Castiel, who will assemble the gods for your sake, so that you may find that life for which you are searching? But if you wish, come and put into the test: only prevail against sleep for six days and seven nights.' But while Castiel sat there resting on his haunches, a mist of sleep like soft wool teased from the fleece drifted over him, and Death said to his wife, ‘Look at him now, the strong man who would have everlasting life, even now the mists of sleep are drifting over him.' His wife replied, ‘Touch the man to wake him, so that he may return to his own land in peace, going back through the gate by which he came.' Death said to his wife, ‘All men are deceivers, even you he will attempt to deceive; therefore bake loaves of bread, each day one loaf, and put it beside his head; and make a mark on the wall to number the days he has slept.'
His question caught her off-guard.  She took the little pink stone in her hands.  “I do not do love spells. However, I have been known to give people a little push in the right direction.”  She held the stone to the light and looked through it. “Hmm. Communication is blocked. Secrets, skeletons, confusion.”  She looked back at Cas. “I like you, and I’m intrigued by our artist friend. I’m going to give you a little scrying spell, so you can see yourself, Castiel.  I should warn you, though: the spell will show you things you did not wish to know. You’ll see, and you can’t unsee.”
Dean snorted.  “Can’t a man escort his friend without being judged?  Next you’ll say I can’t open your car door for you either.”
In truth, Lord Novak could not have chosen a more suitable guide than Mr Winchester. Long considered the finest dancer in the county, Mr Winchester is much sought after by all the young ladies, much to the chagrin of their understandably nervous mothers. For Dean Winchester is also considered the most profligate scoundrel. Though a gentleman and landed, his reputation for drinking, gambling, and for other such activities has barred him from many a respectable home. Already one sister has married well but hastily, to a foolish young man of two or three thousand a year, an attachment formed in Lyme Regis and finished in Gretna-Green and so contrived to allow her escape from her brother’s besmirched shadow. Their brother also betook himself to school in Berkshire, rather than Hampshire’s own
“His toe.  Yes.  I’m aware.”  He squinted at the television.  “It must be very hard not to ‘break character’ when that happens.”
Dean plopped himself down on a patio chair and began pulling notebooks out of his backpack.  “Man, I’m so far behind. I haven’t even started on the Top 100 movies we’re supposed to be watching.  I mean, I have seen a lot of those movies, but it’s been a while.”
“No shit.  And then to turn that into the best take?  The one that actually makes it on film?  Amazing.”  He stared somewhere beyond the small TV screen.  “I wonder if I could do that.”
“Not it.  Dammit!”  Sam shot his brother a dirty look, which only intensified with the smug smile Dean gave him.
The movers arrived around 8:30, which shouldn’t have been possible, but they had worked super fast to get the hell out of Naomi’s house.  They unloaded at a more leisurely pace. Castiel directed them; Carver sat on the front porch, chain-smoking and staring at his laptop. At some point, the upstairs neighbor came out onto the shared porch and offered Carver a beer, but Castiel was too busy to notice - not until he discovered the empty bottle the next morning, still out front and now crawling with ants.
“Dean,” he interrupted, hushing him with a peck on the lips.  “The video was your idea, but the blowjob was mine.” He shrugged.  “Like I said, I’ll try anything once.”
The plan was shaky at best.  Too many variables.  If she and her mother could get away unseen, if they found the witch’s daughter again, if Crowley agreed to take them to Sam.   If Crowley could take them to Sam.  That was the biggest question of all.  It felt like a scam, too good to be true.
“If Dena is satisfied with the situation, then so am I.  Sam doesn’t need us, and I don’t need her either.”
While Dean's hands were occupied obtaining more ice, Cas reached for his belt, his fly.  Reached into his shorts and pulled out his object.  He tugged, just enough to encourage Dean to bring his hips closer.
Sometimes Sam snuck away to the crossroads, hoping to find someone, anyone, who could help them, who might have seen Dean Winchester.  He even prayed once or twice, an all-call.  One of the Commander’s old crew had shown up, but she couldn’t do much for their real problem.  She did take a moment to crouch, awestruck, before Castiel and press two fingers to his forehead.  He gasped and was whole.  Human, yes, but whole.
“To be quite honest, brother, I hardly know what I said. I know that I used many angry words, that I did not speak as I ought to a guest of my dearest freind, to a young woman raised as she was, in such feral and uncivilized conditions. She does not always know her own mind, and I owed her a greater measure of mercy and compassion. And yet, to hear such words spoken ...” Jo allows her head to fall into her hands to hide her tears.
“Works for me,” Dean said, collecting his things and shuffling his chair backwards.  It made an awful scraping noise on the concrete. Cas winced, but Dean didn’t notice.  He was already waiting by the twin front doors, his back to his own.
will be considered quite at an end unless the head of the family consents to the marriage of his brother and Miss Morningstar.
He pushes aside the heavy curtain and steps out into a narrow stone staircase, winding away down into darkness. No, not darkness, for just at the edge of sight comes a faint halo. Following downwards, he passes several empty sconces. The very last at the end holds a lit torch, illuminating … nothing! “It is a dead end,” he wonders. But it cannot be. Castiel cannot vanish into thin air, nor walk through a stone wall.
Cas took his arm, allowed himself to be led, and graciously waited for Dean to open the passenger door for him.
“Nothing.  Just.”  He closed his eyes and blurted it out: “Cas is still too dehydrated to climb that many stairs and still fight.”
On Wednesday se’ennight, Dean ventures as far as the sitting room, where he is received with many kind sentiments by his aunt. She is all polite attention, as is his sister-hostess, who endeavours nobly to keep her rambunctious boys from running roughshod over poor “unca Dean” (his brother-in-law remains quite cool towards the invalid and quite unwilling to assist his wife in her impossible chore, and therefore shall receive no further mention from
“I don’t want to overindulge, Dean.”  Cas eyed him suspiciously.  “And after your, um, event, you definitely should not.”
Jody agreed and started to leave.  At the door, she turned and tried to apologize again before being shooed away rather forcefully.
snakes with them. But now, go into the forest, Castiel; with your axe cut poles, one hundred and twenty, cut them sixty cubits long, paint them with bitumen, set on them ferrules and bring them back.'
‘Then was the launching full of difficulty; there was shifting of ballast above and below till two thirds was submerged. I loaded into her all that I had of gold and of living things, my family, my kin, the beast of the field both wild and tame, and all the craftsmen. I sent them on board, for the time that Chuck had ordained was already fulfilled when he said, "in the evening, when the rider of the storm sends down the destroying rain, enter the boat and batten her down." The time was fulfilled, the evening came, the rider of the storm sent down the rain. I looked out at the weather and it was terrible, so I too boarded the boat and battened her down. All was now complete, the battening and the caulking; so I handed the tiller to Hannah the steersman, with the navigation and the care of the whole boat.
.  He deepened the kiss, running his tongue across a ridge of perfect teeth, feeling the bite of sharp canines, then opening himself up to Dean.  He stifled an exhalation of pleasure as Dean licked into his mouth, his hand curling into a fist, pulling his hair just so. He became aware of music from a speaker overhead, a song he recognized but couldn’t place.
They pulled into Castiel’s apartment complex.  “Lemme help you with your bags,” Dean offered, smirking.  He reached into the trunk and grabbed the two farthest to the left in one hand.
Castiel turned red and stammered.  “I was trying to do a nice thing. I didn’t know he had beer.  Sorry.” He felt deflated.
“Nah, just a little dust in my eye,” he lied, then laughed.  “We’re gonna get married, Cas. Like a couple of breeders.”
“Not at all, Dean,” he replies with confidence. “You told me that you know all of its secrets. I trust you.”
Softer he adds, “I know the sensation only too well, and it is not to be borne that I should be the cause of the same.” For some minutes he seems to deliberate, gazing out upon thick grass curtained in gentle mists, hardly daring to ask and yet desperate to do so. At length, he squares his shoulders and, turning, meets Castiel’s eyes. “Is it too much to ask- is it possible? May I invite her to make her home here, at Elysium?”
Castiel said to him, ‘Why should not my cheeks be starved and my face drawn? Despair is in my heart, and my face is the face of one who has made a long journey. I was burned with heat and with cold. Why should I not wander over the pastures? My friend, my younger brother who seized and killed the Bull of Heaven, and overthrew Lucifer in the cedar forest, my friend who was very dear to me, and who endured dangers beside me, Dean my brother whom I loved, the end of mortality has overtaken him. I wept for him seven days and nights till the worm fastened on him. Because of my brother I am afraid of death, because of my brother I stray through the wilderness. His fate lies heavy upon me. How can I be silent, how can I rest? He is dust and I too shall die and be laid in the earth for ever. I am afraid of death, therefore, Tessa, tell me which is the road to Death? If it is possible I will cross the waters of death; if not I will wander still farther through the wilderness.'
“I know, Cas,” he agreed, sounding defeated but a little amused, too.  He kept the coat over his face, his voice muffled by the gabardine.  “I’m fine.”
“-or little suspect that such a person existed. Yes.” He scrapes a hand across his mouth in a gesture of shame and disbelief, though they are his own truths he relates. “I never had a hope of bringing her home. Even when her mother- After poor Lydia’s passing, I saw to it that my Emma, for such I thought of her, was sent to a good school amongst good people and left to the care of a good woman.” He pauses to look again over the letter. “Good, perhaps, but not good-hearted. For it would seem that Emma is no longer welcome. She writes that all her hopes depend on her being given shelter in the home of her particular friend. Castiel, she does not even ask if she may find a home with me! What misery, to despair of the love of one’s own father!”
Waking up in a parking lot made no one terribly happy.  “Rise and shine, guys,” Sam sang, adding an extra lilt of chipper, just to be obnoxious.
Dean rolled his shoulder.  Twitched his neck like he found the compliments physically uncomfortable.  “Shut up.”
She answered, ‘Castiel, where are you hurrying to? You will never find that life for which you are looking. When the gods created man they allotted to him death, but life they retained in their own keeping. As for you, Castiel, fill your belly with good things; day and night, night and day, dance and be merry, feast and rejoice. Let your clothes be fresh, bathe yourself in water, cherish the little child that holds your hand, and make your wife happy in your embrace; for this too is the lot of man.'
He looked a bit embarrassed, but he fetched the bulging tote bag from the floorboard and rummaged through it as if it hadn’t occurred to him to investigate until this very moment.   He rattled off the contents as he dug.  “Swiss Cake Rolls.  Nutty Bars.  Um, beef jerky.  Granola bars.  Two types of granola bars,” he corrected himself.  He looked up at the driver.  “Would you like a bag of Doritos, Sam?  Or pretzels?”
“Yeah?”  Dean struggled to keep an angry note in his voice, but it was clear his heart wasn’t in it.  He sighed.  “Do you have the angel song?  Put that one on.  It’s nice.”  He glared at Sam, still cracking his ass up in the front seat.  “Fuck you, fucker,” he added without much venom, “you’re the reason I even know these chick songs, you sonofabitch.  Now find us a goddamn burger joint; I’m starving.”
Dean relaxed.  “Okay. I’m gonna throw some clothes on.  Go get your shoes and coat, and I’ll meet you downstairs in a minute.”
He laughs now, a soft chuckle he seems to reserve only for Dean. “Both,” replies the baron with a gentle smile. More soberly, he reflects on the home he has left. “I wish you could see it, Dean. Marble and gilt, white and gleaming, everything old and familiar, yet it is all fresh like new. And the hills and valleys- Vessel Hill notwithstanding, this land is so flat.”
“The grocery store will still be open.  I’ll even give you a ride- I hafta pick up a few things anyway.”
She wanted to believe her, but she didn't like what she saw in Dena and Castiel's deep conversation, aways off and seemingly in private.  "They're not so sure."
Dena directed the Queen’s entourage to a small campsite hidden in a stand of ancient yews.  She and Cas swept the cave for dangers and inspected the old boundaries.  This camp had not been used except by scouts for more than a century, and Dena had been among the last scouts to come this way back when she was a young soldier.  Satisfied, she set about building a fire and ordering the night’s accommodations.  To save time in the morning, they erected no tent, but Dena fussed over the arrangement of the bedrolls.
.  Jess jumped on his back and dragged him away by his shoulders, just as Sam jumped in and attacked Dean.
Dean could see him in the rearview mirror. He was leaned up against the door, his tan coat pulled up to his chin like a blanket, his head tilted at a harsh angle. "His neck's gonna hurt like a bitch in the morning," Dean observed gruffly.
Amara --- NINSUN: The mother of Gilgamesh, a minor goddess whose house was in URUK; she was noted for wisdom, and was the wife of Lugulbanda.
A slow smile spread across Dean’s face.  He stood up from the booth and moved around to crouch at Castiel’s side on the opposite bench.  He seemed to loom over Castiel. The smile turned wolfish, lopsided, displaying one brilliant fang.  “Move in with you, huh?”
“I don’t know, man.”  He was trying to rein in the laughter, and his eyes were watering.  “Jesus Christ, Cas.” He pressed closer, put a hand on Cas’ shoulder.  “Never change.”
He must have dozed off.  When he opened his eyes, the shower had fallen silent and the room full of humid coconut-scented warmth, and Dean was very studiously examining the contents of his bag. He tossed something to Cas, barely peeking over his shoulder. "Here."
“Your brother is in California.”  Cas looked serious.  “So why are you still in Kansas?  What keeps you there?”
“Heh.  Yeah. Where’ve I heard that before,” he shrugged, a raw sad smile tugging at his mouth. “So talk.”
It was then that the lord Castiel turned his thoughts to the ‘Country of the Living’; on the Land of Cedars the lord Castiel reflected. He said to his servant Dean, 'I have not established my name stamped on bricks as my destiny decreed; therefore I will go to the country where the cedar is felled. I will set up my name in the place where the names of famous men are written, and where no man's name is written yet I will raise a monument to the gods. Because of the evil that is in the land, we will go to the forest and destroy the evil; for in the forest lives Lucifer whose name is "Hugeness", a ferocious giant. But Dean sighed bitterly and said, ‘When I went with the wild beasts ranging through the wilderness I discovered the forest; its length is ten thousand leagues in every direction.
Our Mr Winchester (for so I will call the taller one with the sandy-coloured hair and the myriad freckles speckling his pretty cheeks) listens to his sister’s jests about Castiel, Lord Novak, the young baron with the peircing blue eyes and the dark tousled mop (no wigs and powder for our fresh-faced boys!), but he declines to join her game. He hides his smiles behind his hand, though whether he pretends not to smile at Miss Winchester or the peer remains to be seen.
The scene moved inside to Dean’s kitchen.  Cas could see that the apartment above him was laid out almost exactly like his own.   This shouldn’t have surprised him, but it felt jarring nonetheless.
“You don’t look comfortable.”  Dean relaxed his death grip on the steering wheel and leaned back in his seat.  His shoulders wouldn’t unclench, though.  “You’re troubled.”
“C’mon, my shoulders, what are you-?”  Dean cocked his head to the right, a mirror image of Cas.  “You’ve never played chicken?”  He rolled his head to face Sam and called, “Time out!”
my father, divine Novak, let me live to be the wonder of my mother, as when she nursed me on her lap.' A second time he said to him, ‘By the life of Amara my mother who gave me birth, and by the life of my father, divine Novak, until we have fought this man, if man he is, this god, if god he is, the way that I took to the ‘Country of the Living’ will not turn back to the city.'
Dean smiled at Cas and his wild tufts of sticky soda hair.  His own must be pretty impressive, too.  He laid a silencing finger against Castiel’s pretty pink lips and grinned as he sucked it between his teeth.  “Nah, we’re cool.  Lucky we had ice-cold drinks!”
Dearest Alethea, I find my thoughts turning again and again to dear Mr Winchester and his freind the Baron. I do beleive that they are well advanced in their intimacy by now. And he has been in Milton for some months now. Perhaps it would be quite shocking if he did not hold a ball sooner rather than later?
Dean tells Anna of the accident, then departs again to assist in locating the mare. He returns in time for a taste of something sweet, and who should be sitting beside Lord Novak but Miss Masters, all enthusiasm and graceless charm. She tells everyone who will listen how very gallantly Lord Novak came to her aid, carried her across miles and miles, tended to her so gently. She flaunts the wounded ankle as a proof of attachment, as a lover’s token.
After their lunch break in Cedar City, Dean hauled the atlas out so they could assess their progress.  “So it’s Tuesday, right?”
Cas just nodded.  “Somehow I managed to collect my few remaining belongings, calmly and without violence.  But um, it was not pleasant.”
Sam rolled his eyes as they piled out.  “You know, Dean, would it kill you to eat something that’s not pie for once?”
“Nah.  It doesn’t matter.  I work all week to pay for these luxurious digs,” gesturing widely.  “And the rest goes to his school, which, I don’t have to tell
“I, um,” Cas hemmed and hawed a moment before deciding, “I’ll tell it a different way.  I don’t live with my parents anymore, as of this month, and um, it’s due to this trip.”
“Agreed: you are much improved in taste and accomplishments, dear sister,” he replies with a smile and a gallant kiss upon the back of her hand. “I never can forgive them, though, and it hurts that Sam could. The lies they told, imputing all manner of scandal to your honour-”
“Oh.  Okay. Well.  Thanks, Cas.” He patted the closest part of Cas, which happened to be his knee.  It felt very intimate, and not at all. Cas was confused by the gesture. “Listen, I gotta go.  Thanks for feeding me and for the movie. I, uh, I’ll take you up on that offer, ’kay?”
