“Yeah,” she says, not looking up from her task. “There was one in Peoria, like an hour away. Had my birthday there when I was like five or six? I don’t know. I don’t really remember it. We had a bunch of pictures though.”
The five of them make their way inside, and Cas distracts Jack while Sam and Eileen go check out the large store directory. Dean unlocks his phone and finds an unread text from Jody, sent about ten minutes previous:
Jack pulls the door shut, turning the knob at the last second so it doesn’t click. He shuffles his feet, twisting his fingers nervously around the waist-tie of his
Dean grabs his bag full of plates, napkins, and soda out of the trunk and then triple-checks that all his Baby’s doors are locked. As he’s walking to the picnic benches, he sees Jody’s car pull in. He makes a detour, instead, so that he can help them carry the cake and their own presents for Jack. Donna passes the cardboard box to Dean through the rolled-down window, and then the four of them join Sam and Cas. Jack and Eileen, it seems, have entangled themselves in a who-can-swing-the-highest contest.
“Son of a bitch!” he shouts, tearing himself away from Cas and rushing into the kitchen as fast as he can in his slippers. The undersides of the pancakes are charred, but they’re not totally unsalvageable, so Dean just resigns himself to drenching them in syrup and eating them himself. He gets a fresh batch going on the griddle and starts up frying the bacon, too. Luckily, the rest of the preparation goes on without a hitch, and ten minutes later he’s plating everything up: scrambled eggs in a big bowl, pancakes on a platter, and bacon stacked between paper towels on another platter. He leaves them on the counter for everyone else to dig into family buffet style. For Jack’s plate, he arranges a smiley face—two pancakes for eyes, the longest strip of bacon bent in the shape of a smile, and hair made up of scrambled eggs—and sets it up on the table, sticking two birthday candles in each of the pancakes at the last minute.
Cas glares and shoves him away, but Dean can see his lips twitching in an attempt to hide his amusement. He drops the bear back in its bin and hangs onto the sea turtle, too, so Dean knows it’s all an act. They both move along and wind up next to Jack, who is staring very intently up at the display for a hot pink, fuzzy…. something.
Jack picks the heavier one first, and before he can even announce to the group what he’s opened, Cas plucks the bottle of Jack Daniels out of the packaging and declares, “Absolutely not.”
Dean feels the hairs on the back of his neck stand up, and he glances up to find Cas staring at him from the other side of the kitchen. He’s got a soft smile on his face as he watches the two of them, and Dean finds himself reciprocating with a smile of his own. For a second, it’s like they’re the only people in the room—at least, until Jack excitedly announces that the cinnamon rolls are all iced up and ready to eat.
Dean doesn’t know how long he stares at the last one. Long enough for Cas to become worried and crawl over to Dean’s side and rest his chin on Dean’s shoulder. Dean stares and stares and stares, his brain practically whirring as he thinks about Claire without front teeth and Jimmy carrying photos of his wife and daughter everywhere and Cas unintentionally doing the same thing and Claire looking up at Dean in the middle of a Build-A-Bear in Omaha, Nebraska with tears in her eyes.
Dean doesn’t realize he’s been spacing out until Cas bumps his nose with his own, smiling in a way Dean knows
Cas makes a noise of affirmation while gulping down his coffee, eyes closed in bliss. Dean turns away to return to the kitchen, but Cas tugs on the waist tie of Dean’s robe and reels him back in. Dean has to slam a hand against the wall so that he doesn’t lose his balance and topple over. Cas doesn’t flinch—he just looks Dean directly in the eyes and says, clear as day, “I love you, too.”
They’re in the Dean Cave, Jack perched on one recliner and Dean and Cas stuffed into the other, watching one of those How to Train Your Dragon movies. Dean’s not sure which one of the three it is, but Jack
Dean closes his eyes and considers his options. He doesn’t doubt that Jack’ll know if his wish is bullshit, but, honestly, he’s not really sure what to wish for. He’s got just about everything he could ever hope for nowadays—Cas, his family, his freedom. What else is there?
Cas hums and goes off to explore his options. Dean’s not left alone for long. Jack approaches him, brandishing his hot pink sloth, newly dressed in a cowboy costume.
Jack helps Dean gather the flour, sugar, yeast, milk, butter, and eggs, lining them all up on the counter, and Dean procures a big metal mixing bowl and some measuring cups. Jack cracks the eggs a little too hard, and they have to go fishing for pieces of shell, but otherwise the dough-mixing goes okay. Dean spreads a hefty amount of flour on the counter and pulls a rolling pin out of a drawer.
Dean presses the pin into the heap of dough, pushing down lightly and experimenting with a couple quick, short rolls. Then, he hands it over to Jack. “You try.”
Dean nods, leaning against Baby as Claire gets into the backseat. She waves at him right before Jody backs out of the parking space, and Dean stays in place until they’ve driven so far down the road that he can’t see the car anymore. Everyone else is already buckled when Dean makes it around to the driver’s seat.
Cas comes over and takes the ball from Dean, turning it over in his hand and contemplating it very seriously. Then, abruptly, he bounces it against the floor and catches it in his fist. “For that,” he says, like it should’ve been obvious.
“Do mine next,” Eileen suggests, and she identifies the biggest box and smallest bag. This time, Jack starts with the box. He has to stand up to unwrap it—it’s too heavy for his lap—and he gasps when the paper is torn enough to expose what’s inside.
Claire walks up to him and wraps an arm snugly around Jack’s neck in an embrace Dean is only about sixty percent sure isn’t going to end in a headlock and a wet willy.
Clearing his throat, he says, “Come on, aren’t you gunna blow out the candles?” and Jack rushes forward to do just that. “Don’t forget to make a wish,” Dean reminds him. Jack squeezes his eyes shut and takes a few moments to deliberate, before blowing both out in one breath.
“That’s the beauty of this place,” Dean says, walking Cas over to where most of the others are gathered by the outfit wall. “You can dress him in anything you want, babe.”
Jack’s a clever kid—has been ever since he was born, maybe even before that—but Dean’s pretty sure he hasn’t figured out where they’re going yet. And Dean’s… Dean’s
“I don’t know!” Sam answers, defensive. “I’ve never had kids before. The lady at the store said they were good for four-year-olds.”
Everybody but Jack bursts into laughter at Dean being wrong and also choking to death. They’re terrible people, the lot of them.
“Oops!” Jack squeaks some indeterminate amount of time later. Dean and Cas separate just enough to see Jack spinning around in his socks and hightailing it outta the room. Dean laughs. Cas joins in.
No one chimes in with an earlier date, so Donna leans forward and pulls the knife out of the cake. She passes it back to Dean, and he cuts pieces—starting with Jack’s. Cas passes around plastic forks, and they all devour two pieces each, or three, in Dean’s case. He leans back, rubbing at his stomach and groaning in both regret and ecstasy. He looks up and sees Jack doing the same thing.
“Hey, buddy,” Dean calls to Jack, seated at the table with his brand-new art kit and a bunch of construction paper. “You tryin’ to kill me?”
Whatever witty response Dean had prepared gets sucked straight out of his brain at the mention of that phrase. He’s going to
Jack’s slower to open Dean’s second gift, eyes darting between the two of them, like he’s not sure if he should be taking a side here. He doesn’t seem to know what he’s looking at once he opens the box, so Dean tells him to pull it out and unfold it. Everyone oohs-and-aahs when they see it’s a chef’s apron, with the words
They follow Sam’s route, passing a handful of elderly couples powerwalking in matching tracksuits and young mothers pushing strollers with sleeping babies inside. They find the escalator, and Dean gets on first, the others a few steps behind. As he’s carried closer to the second level, Dean spots Jody, Donna, and Claire lingering just to the right of the store. Donna sees him first and waves in enthusiastic excitement. Dean steps off the escalator and takes a few strides forward, turning around so he can see the moment Jack figures it all out.
Dean thinks so, too. He’s pretty sure Jack enjoyed himself last time, despite all the Mrs. Butters craziness and Cas off doing—hell, Dean doesn’t even remember what Cas was off doing. Nothing important, probably. Still. Jack loves when his whole family is in one place, and, apparently, he loves the idea of Build-A-Bear, too.
Well, Dean can think of one person who would. He makes himself smile and says, "Can't let you guys have all the fun, right?" Truth is, Cas is right. Dean's not sure how much longer he can keep going like this, with no sleep and Michael dogging his footsteps every day. But that's all the more reason to fight the good fight while he still can. If these are the last days he's ever gonna spend outside of that coffin in the ocean, he wants to live them, not stay home and rest while his family cleans up his messes.
Dean wets his lips, a little uncertain. He has no idea what Cas is going to do. "Yeah, okay," he croaks.
he takes you," Cas corrects. "Then, the box. You have my word. But not before. I'm so sorry. I know you think it's semantics, I know that it would be both of you no matter who was in control, but...I can't do that to you. I just can't."
At the sight of him Dean's breath rushes out of his chest, and the pounding in his head gets a little less unbearable. Cas's brow is furrowed, his expression one of concern edging into displeasure. Dean is halfway between relieved and annoyed; he didn't
Cas lets go of Dean, but it's to reposition his hands on Dean's knees, slide those huge palms up Dean's thighs. Dean feels the heat of them bleeding through his jeans. Then,
"But I'm a hot commodity!" Dean says, unsure why he feels so betrayed. "I thought you were an angel, not a saint. I mean are you even actually gay?"
Damn it. "Probably a good idea," Dean says. He claps his hands together. "I'm gonna go get some grub and then we can get this party started. You have breakfast yet?" He starts down the hallway towards the kitchen, hoping Dad will follow.
in a deliberate attempt to upset and unsettle the sexual assault survivors in this story, nor that the survivors will never grapple with that history. warnings are at the top of every chapter; please take care of yourself and do everything you can to read safely. <3
"Lies?" We pretend to look hurt. Castiel struggles weakly in our grasp, so we smash his face into the bannister again, two times, three, until the metal breaks, just to make sure he cannot interrupt. Dean, of course, can't do anything but beg—which he is. "You don't know your son at all. Why would I lie when the truth is so much more fun?" We drop back into Dean's voice, complete with unshed tears. It's a perfect impression. "'This ain't no fling.'" We puncture the words with the high needy moan Dean made, when he came in Castiel's arms. "'I
, and realizing that even if he wasn't into guys he sure as hell seemed to have one exception. But even as fucked up as all of that was, what ate him up the most was that Cas went to his end thinking Dean was still angry with him. That wasn't a first for either of them, but it gets worse and worse every time. Dean doesn't ever, ever want to go through it again.
When the light dies down and Dean lowers his hands, he sees Cas grinning at Jack ear-to-ear. "Your wings are back," he breathes. Considering how Cas's own wings looked through Michael's eyes, Dean would expect there to be some envy in his tone, but there's nothing but naked relief. "It worked!" In the span of a second Cas has got his arms tight around Jack in the same kind of rib-crushing hug Dean's dad gave him an hour ago in the kitchen.
At first, nothing happens. Then the bunker lights start to flicker. Dean peeks one eye open—then everything goes black.
Of course, now that Dad's here, nothing seems to fit anymore. There's six of them, and only five seats in the Impala.
Mom closes her eyes briefly. "Thank you," she says, and Dean can see it in her face—she has to make the decision to do it—but she still squeezes Cas's shoulder as he walks by. And then, after his footsteps have faded, she lets the bomb fall: "Your father and I are taking a little break."
It's cold, dark, and silent inside the bunker. The red emergency lights flicker on and off like the last stuttering beats of a heart about to be crushed inside your fist. Dean stalks through the corridors, searching, searching—
Stuff he missed before. It'll be strange to hunt when there's no more Yellow Eyes. He always pictured retirement. He wanted to be done. But he's the one who got them into this mess. He's going to have to clean it up himself. Aloud he says, "Family Game Night."
Sam and Dean trade one of those looks John hates. They've spent more time around each other than around him, and they can speak volumes with their facial expressions alone. They used to do that when they were kids, too. It always made John feel like they were talking over his head—like they got to decide whether or not he was allowed to be roped into their conversation. He never could break them of that habit, no matter how hard he tried.
An archangel who leaves a door open is constantly connected to his vessel; it's like an open phone line. At any time, the archangel can reach inside them to use another set of eyes and ears and hands. But doors go both ways. If it's possible to reach in, it's possible to reach out.
"All these years you've known me, and didn't know I could cook?" Dean grumbles. "That's the fucking occasion." He makes sure to face the stove when he says it, because better than anyone he knows Cas can read him like an open book.
Dean rolls his eyes. "Trust me, I've heard them go at it more times than I can count. I can fill in most of those blanks."
Then again, maybe he doesn't. John thought nothing could be worse than watching her burn to death right in front of his eyes, helpless to stop it. As it turns out, he was wrong. He'll have nightmares about Michael using his hands to hurt her for as long as he lives. He has to swallow before he can speak. "Are you all right?"
Mary screams John's name as he drops to the floor, still bleeding from the new hole in his thigh. "Baby, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry—" It's not quite a mortal wound—she aimed well—but it's still deep enough that he could bleed out in minutes if it isn't seen to. She pulls off her coat to use as a make-shift tourniquet, even as the blood pools and spreads beneath him. John tries to comfort her while she works, one shaking bloody hand running back through her hair. Then his eyes turn to seek out his son.
"We can do it with the lights on this time," Dean muses. If he's going to get Cas off, he'd like to see Cas's face. He was kind of joking at first, but he wouldn't mind getting out of his head a little right now. He dips his voice, aiming for sexy instead of sleepy. It's been years since he tried this on a guy. "Tell me how you want it, baby—I can do it any way you like."
Jack sighs, head hung. "I'm okay. I'm sorry. I was scared. I didn't want anything to happen to you or Mary."
His breath ghosting over Dean's ear sends an unexpectedly pleasant shiver up Dean's spine. "I dunno," Dean admits. None of it? All of it? Dean doesn't have a fucking clue. He's never done this with a guy and liked it, because he's never done this with a guy for his own pleasure, when he wasn't getting paid. Hell, even with women, Dean's always a gentleman; he comes last or not at all. But this isn't just some sleazy john at a truck stop, or some random one-night stand Dean will never see again. It's Cas. It's different. Dean needs Cas so badly, and he trusts Cas not to pull any fast ones, but he has no idea what he's doing here. He might as well be a virgin. He's glad that at the moment Cas can't see his face. He tries, "Whatever you want?"
Dean likes to work. This same, shitty old world is what they fought to keep, and that's a world that still has monsters in it. It's what he's good at, so that's what he does. Sometimes he works with Sam and Eileen. Sometimes he flies solo. Dean's favorite part of the job is after, when he gets to kick back at a bar and drink and shoot some pool, usually with guys that don't know him from Adam. It's not often he gets to be anonymous anymore. Kind of an unforeseen consequence of one-too-many times saving the world.
for me. And now we're free! God's dead! So—fuckin' name it, man. I gotta make it right. You want us to act like it never happened, take a swing at me, that's fine. You want a tumble, I can do that too. Floor's all yours. Lay it on me." Actually, the thought of fucking Cas kind of makes Dean's stomach turn, but if he can fuck guys he doesn't even like for money, how bad can it be to fuck his best friend as a favor? Wouldn't it be worth it, if it was really what Cas wanted, to make it all up to him? Maybe that's too much like a pity fuck. Dean just doesn't know the right way to gently turn down the extremely intense advances of your gay best friend and actually stay friends with him without shit getting weird. Weirder.
," he says. Everyone's staring at him like he's the one who's lost his mind here. "I thought you said this kid was half-angel, not half-devil."
Light fills the room, reflecting in Dean's eyes making them look as though they glow. And for the very first time, John sees him. John sees him, John sees him, John
Castiel is seriously injured, but it was a hard punch, with an angel's strength—hard enough to send us stumbling. Even with his failing grace, Castiel managed to surprise us. In one swift movement he rolls, scooping up the abandoned archangel blade, and plunges it through our heart. The pain blinds us—the terror is even worse—
"He made a deal," it hissed, smiling wide. In Hell demons had no human faces to cover their true ones, and the skin sloughed away with every word. "He sold his soul to us. And I've been told I get the honors of breaking him in." The demon laughed, throaty and low and pleased. "Isn't it exciting? A brand new blade to carve into
They stop for lunch once they hit town (Dean has fun watching Dad gawk at all the wonderfully horrible menu items Biggerson's came up with while he was dead), but after that it doesn't take long to find the vampires. Since they're laying traps for hunters, they've taken no care at all to cover their tracks. In fact, it's almost too easy: a few questions to one witness and a quick lookup of some plates from a vehicle and the registered address, and they're in business. From there it's a quick drive to an old barn in a wooded area about five miles outside of city limits. It's only half past four when they get there. If they clean this up quick, they can make a day trip out of it. Good thing, too, because if driving arrangements for six people were bad, renting rooms would be a nightmare.
"Yeah, right." John is already putting himself in front of Mary. Should he get his pistol? What good would bullets do against this thing? He's scared. He didn't want to get Mary back only to have her ripped away again."How do you have them eating out of the palm of your hand like this?" he demands. "What did you do to them? Brainwash them?"
Dean's speechless. He glances over at Sam for backup, but Sam seems just as lost as he is. The two of them can have entire conversations with expressions alone. Sam's says
They can't kill Michael without another archangel, and all the other archangels are out of the picture. All this research—they must have been looking for another way. Because if they can't find one, Dean's going to throw himself in that box, maybe forever, to keep Michael from hurting anyone.
, but thankfully sleep deprivation hasn't totally killed his brain-to-mouth filter yet. And anyway, on a scale of one to machine gun fire, Michael is currently at a nice manageable three and a half—that is
and then he—I never should have left you alone with him, with what he became—and I just—I didn't mean to get upset. I just wanted to tell you how sorry I was. Dean, I'm so sorry."
Dean looks away, trying to slow his breathing and the frantic pace of his pulse. He's never thought about it like that. He doesn't want to think about it like that. He doesn't want to talk about this anymore. "So, what, you're telling me that it was for nothing, I didn't even protect Sam right, I didn't even—I did all that to make sure and I didn't even—?"
Cas hums in thought. "If an ordinary exorcism won't work on a high-level demon, I doubt an angelic one would affect an archangel. But it's a place to start. Perhaps if we could build or find another Newton-Dee Hyperbolic Pulse Generator..."
"Well, this is your second chance," Sam points out. "Might not be the worst thing to just sit back and enjoy the ride." He ducks his head a little to meet John's eye. "And in the meantime, you might want to be more careful about the questions you ask. You might not like all the answers."
, it's that Dean gets to tear the paper open. He tries to play it cool, but it's kind of the most fun he's ever had. He hasn't celebrated a birthday like this since he was four.
loved. Cas holds him like he's precious. It's not a feeling Dean's used to. Even after their kiss in the hospital parking lot, they didn't touch each other like this, except for one brief half hour after their night in the car together. It's a lot of contact all at once. It's almost like without even realizing it they were both waiting for Michael to leave.
"You want to do something for me," Dean says, and finally lets her go so he can take her by the shoulders and look her in the eye, "just don't hate him for it."
Sounds good. Dean doesn't say so, though, because he's busy breathing his way through this. Face hot and flushed, still clinging to Cas's shoulders, he begins to pump his hips up into Cas's touch. He doesn't mean to, but he just can't help it. The next downstroke wrings a high, needy sound out of him, and he presses his face into Cas's shoulder, embarrassed—but Cas doesn't seem to mind. He slides his free arm under Dean's to wrap around his back and brace him up, that hand cradling the back of Dean's head. He turns his head to press his lips into Dean's temple. "I've got you," he murmurs into Dean's skin, and speeds his pace up a little. "Come on, Dean, I've got you."
The joke even made Dad smile, in that tired sort of way he has. "I'll go get it," he says, and for a second Dean thinks he's running with the gag, but he's a hunter too; he actually turns to go inside, causing Mom and Dean to snicker behind him.
Cas leans in and kisses him again while he undoes Dean's belt. Like—fuck, like he knew Dean wouldn't want to watch. Dean hears the zipper on his fly, and all at once it clocks that,
! these are cool talented people who have their own cool stuff to look at, so if you enjoyed this fic, PLEASE go show them some love!! (ps: i actually forgot to add this when the chapter originally went up, but seating arrangements for this awkward family dinner can be seen
"I never said anything to you because I knew what your reaction would be," Cas says. "I didn't want things to change. That was true after I got back, as well. I'm here. I get to be with you. Why ruin a good thing?"
"We were kids," Dean says over him. He's not gonna talk about Flagstaff. "I'd do it all again, man. Same way every time. Don't worry about it."
Son of a bitch. Michael's being so eerily silent right now that Dean actually almost forgot about him; he must be enjoying the show.
A gunshot pierces the air. Dean flinches and drags his eyes open in time to see Sam and Jack hurrying down the hill, shotguns raised. At first Dean doesn't get it—guns don't do shit to vamps, let alone super-vamps—but when one of them hits the ground screaming he understands. Even Michael's juiced-up vampires can't fight if they don't have kneecaps. It's a way to take them out without having to get so up-close and personal.
at john's hands (that he was, functionally, john's second wife/new mary), trauma, dean's nonverbalism, emotional manipulation, sexual content (i know, shut up), discussions of dean's past encounters with men during his sex work (which were dubiously consensual at best, and he was underage for some of them), and some extremely unreliable narration - remember, neither john OR dean can give us a totally accurate/objective picture of dean's childhood, because john is an abuser and dean's head is fucked six ways to sunday (though obviously dean voicing his experience is much more important to listen to, whether it's "objective" or not).
"And it did break him," Sam says, voice low and angry. John he will look at, and he does so with the kind of fury John remembers from their days fighting about college. The only difference is that back then John always saw it coming from a mile away; sometimes he even set Sam off on purpose to get it out of his system before it got in the way of more important things. This he didn't see coming; this he didn't prepare for. It's on Sam's terms, not his. "Since you got back I've been biting my tongue for Dean's sake, but come on, Dad. Protect us? Dean spent the whole year after you died trying to get himself killed on a hunt so he wouldn't have to put a bullet in me! Why do you think he sold his soul? I
"You're, like—you know. You're, uh, totally in love with me." Being drunk was a good idea after all. Dean would have choked on that one sober. He could barely spit it out as it is. "There's gotta be something you want."
Something about the direction of the wind or a gap in the noise from the fire must have made them just a little louder, loud enough for angel hearing, because Cas glances up from the fire at them.
It's self-sacrifice. That's it, isn't it? Just like when Dean sold his soul. Castiel's pissed because he might lose his favorite pet. In chains, Dean said, or in—
Dean goes to the fridge to get out a few packs of bacon, and when he turns back he sees John in the doorway and freezes.
Jack's face twists into frustration. "But you—" And then, sudden understanding: why he would feel the need to defend what Dean did, when he remembers full well how awful Dean was to him, and knows it wasn't right. "Oh. I see."
Dean pats Sam's arm. He doesn't want to tell Sam how tired he is, and how close he is to giving way. How frustrating it is that they have to hide their research to make sure Dad doesn't figure out what it is, and that they have to go take care of these super-vamps before they can get back to hunting for a way to help Dean get rid of Michael for good. But he does caution, "Don't get your hopes up for nothing, Sammy. Plan B isn't going anywhere."
"Yeah, well, I'm not!" Sam says. He glances at the library entrance and lowers his voice. "And you're not supposed to be okay with it either, Dean! You told me you weren't going to give up!"
Sam laughs, his breath fogging in the cold. "I guess when you put it like that...here, done. Your turn." He stands, and Cas passes his hand over the sigil he painted; it shimmers for a moment before sinking into the wall.
"Dean?" Mary repeats. She presses a kiss to the side of John's head and climbs out of bed, picking her clothes up off the floor. "You're in for a surprise."
For just one moment, Dean's heart drops right out of his chest. He thinks that somehow this whole thing was rigged to fail, and this is it, Michael is back, and Dean's about to get shoved under for good. But it's just the power going off, and in a second, the emergency backup system floods the bunker with red light. He's not holding the pearl anymore; it's disappeared.
"You're kiddin'." Dean tries not to let his eyes bug out of his head. He can't seriously be Cas's first experience with a dude. That would make Cas still half a virgin. Quarter of a virgin. Whatever. "Was it really just that April chick?"
Something changes in Cas's face, then; some kind of happy-sad emotion that makes his brow wrinkle. Dean's hands want to reach up and smooth it away. "I think you already do," Cas whispers, and can't quite seem to help smiling. "I think you already are. Of course you're good enough; the only reason I can love you at all is because you taught me how."
Dean lets go of the wheel to turn around in his seat too, so he can fully face Cas. "Because I was there!" he says fiercely. For some reason this conversation has his heart jackrabbiting behind his ribs. "That's the one thing I actually did right, Cas! I wasn't gonna let anyone hurt Sam on my watch, even Dad."
"Well, obviously. But you should've seen his face." Sam, pushing the chairs back under the table, discovers Dean's chains. "Wow, Dean. Rough day?"
Cas picks that moment for an incredibly well-timed entrance. "Good morning," he says to the room at large, like he didn't spend all night in Dean's bed, and didn't get caught by Dad half-dressed in Dean's bedroom five minutes ago.
Thankfully, that's when they reach the kitchen. Dean smells bacon, because there are still a few good things left in this world. Mom and Jack are already awake—Jack at the table eating, and Mom in front of the stove. "Mom, you didn't," Dean says, thrilled. "Who taught you to fry bacon?"
This time, Sam accepts John's condolences, albeit with a shrug. Their footsteps echo in the empty hallways. Something in John itches to see the sky.
Dean is in the dungeon, angel cuffs half-on, leaning against the wall with both hands over his ears, while he waits for Sam to re-feed their chains through both of the iron wall mounts for extra strength—when all of the sudden, the noise just stops.
, and he's going to keep lying, and there's pretty much nothing John can do about it, not with Sam breathing down his neck. And where does that leave John? How is he supposed to find out what's really going on here? Sam and Mary won't tell him anything, not while he's on the outs with both of them. And Jack is obviously out of the question; after what happened yesterday the kid's doing all he can to stay as far away from John as possible. Being around him makes John's skin crawl anyway. He's creepy.
and now, it is time for the VERY long author's notes. >:) what, this story is 109k, you thought i'd be able to shut up NOW?
No, no, no—we can't die—we can't die, we are eternal, we are our Father's most beloved, His favorite son—
At first he was worried Sam was going to run off with Eileen the way he ran off to college. It turns out that Eileen's happy enough to come stay with them. Sometimes Dean gets tetchy about his personal space and sometimes Eileen, like a normal human being, misses fresh air and sunshine, so she and Sam go other places a lot too. It winds up being kind of a joint custody deal. Sometimes there's two people besides Dean at the kitchen table in the morning. Sometimes there's none. Dean can work with that.
Dean carefully lets his hands rest on her shoulders. "Hey," he says, still surprised. Mom's gotten a
But this might literally be one of Dean's last nights on earth. They've done the eating, drinking, and making merry part already, but—Dean wouldn't mind spending a few of these last precious hours beside Cas. "Yeah," he agrees. "Yeah, I guess I would."
Touching Cas has become a brand new experience. Dean's not about to let it get weird again after all this work, so he still knocks shoulders with Cas when they pass through a doorway or claps him on the back after a hunt. But his body has decided to dump adrenaline on him every single time, just in case Cas is the kind of pervert Dean knows he's not.
, but when Dean's face closes off in terror he realizes Dean misinterpreted his silence. "That's not what I meant," he says. "We don't need to discuss—I don't—"
It goes a lot better than the first time he tried. Cas stumbles back, clutching his face. "What the hell, Dean?" he shouts. "What's wrong with you?"
partially as research for this fic. it's not strictly canon compliant, but it was great inspiration. i also wrote
capable of love. John felt it. If a thing as cold and sadistic as Michael can love, then it stands to reason the rest of them can too. There's no other reason Castiel would despise John so much and heal him anyway, that he would even despise John to begin with, unless he—
"You knew enough!" John insists. "You knew he was a demon! You just saw him rip apart your family! What more did you need?"
"Oh, Mom," Dean breathes, torn between exasperation and heartbreak. "Hey, come on, Dad didn't know. Nobody knew. I don't even know how Sam figured it out." And Dean's going to be having
Dean drags his hand down his face, mortified. "Look, man, I know," he says. "I mean, I don't know, obviously—I was thinking about Michael the whole time, I swear!"
"Guess I am," Dad says ruefully, giving the rainbow sprinkles a wary look. Even Sam laughs, and it's—not all the way at Dad's expense, not really. At least, not in a way that means a fight later. Rainbow birthday cake is just about the lowest stakes they've ever had.
"It's a magic egg the Men of Letters made," Sam explains. "We used it to kick Lucifer out of the president after your mom got pregnant."
"Of course we are," Dean says fiercely, and the force of his own answer surprises him. Only a few minutes ago, after all, he had been wondering the same thing. They really are a couple of idiots. No wonder it took them more than a decade to put poor Sam out of his misery. Dean hesitates, then adds, "And it's still for keeps, right?" It feels kind of stupid to say it now, but it wasn't fair for Michael to tell that stuff to everyone. Dean wants those words to belong to them again.
John wheels around. "Are we just going to let him walk out of here like that? With that thing? What the hell's the matter with him?"
"Dean, you lived with him for..." John almost asks how long, but Michael showed him. "Six weeks the first time, and almost a month the second time. That's so long. I'm the one who should be asking you that."
Jack warily takes a few steps back, keeping his eyes on John's hands, and how tight his grip has become around his machete. "You're acting like Dean used to," he says. "But Dean knows I'm good now, or I'm trying to be. Sam and Mary do too. Don't you trust your own family?"
But Sam fixes him with a strange look. "No, she didn't," he says. "Mom won't tell us anything, no matter how much Dean asks. She says it's not our job to clean up your problems or fix your marriage. For the record, I agree with her," he adds, and takes no care to keep the rebuke from his voice. "But you know Dean. He'll never stop trying to fix it."
He's always been like that: when he gets hurt, when he gets scared, when he gets sad, he just gets angry instead. It makes it easier not to feel the pain. But it never worked that way before, when Dad was the one hurting him. Dean never aimed that anger at him.
Mom also cracks up, from her place beside Dean. He was feeling left out, so she hung back to keep him company. Dad's on his other side; nobody invited him to help and he didn't ask, but at least he isn't hiding in his room drinking. However intensely uncomfortable it is to have him around, Dean's still glad he's here.
and as always, BE NICE to sam, mary, and i guess jack?? in my comments section, or i'll kill you. <3
Cas gives him a little smile, halfway between nervous and something else Dean can't put a name to. "You think there's something else you're supposed to do for me. But the truth is that I was already with you, in every way that mattered. I lived with you, when we weren't traveling. I worked with you. I fought by your side. I burdened myself with your problems, and you with mine. I trusted you above all others. We shared secrets. We shared a family. We even raised a son together. What more could I have asked for? What more could I have wanted?"
It wasn't fair? Oh, that's rich. "You don't know what the fuck you're talking about," Dean tells him. "You got no idea."
So he eats in his room, on his bed, without the company of the TV or radio or other people—at least, people other than Michael, who's happy to make sure Dean doesn't enjoy his meal in silence. Dean barely tastes the food. It's stupid; why should he keep this body fed? Why should he take care of it? It's as good as Michael's now. Best case scenario, he'll be wasting away at the bottom of the Pacific by this time next Thursday. Worst case scenario, he'll be spending the rest of eternity as Michael's angel condom while that asshole burns down the world. Who cares if he eats, or sleeps, or showers? What does it matter?
Sam, predictably, follows Dean into the kitchen. Dean whirls and lets him have it. "You know Jack overheard you talking to Mom, right?" he asks, and revels a little in Sam's wince. "Yeah. He told me all about it this morning. So now the whole bunker knows!"
"Yes," Dean answers through his teeth, like everyone at the table can't tell that's a lie. "I'm good, guys. Calm down. You're scaring the folks."
, for their boundless enthusiasm and encouragement, and countless of hours of soundboarding this fic at some ungodly hour when we were both sleep-deprived/punch-drunk and came up with concepts such as "dean and mary are two siris talking to each other" or "john's punishment is to think about dean having sex with men forever." i would have never settled on an ending or had the guts to do some of the risky parts of this fic (including writing it at all!) without them. being able to bend their ear while working on a fic is always a privilege and this was no exception.
He has no idea. Short of Sam's right hook, he can't imagine he has anything left to fear; he's already been all but kicked out of this bunker, this family. John's pretty sure Castiel would like to do more than hit him, but he's equally sure that Dean, ever the mediator, would put himself in the middle of any fight that broke out, just like he always has.
Cas rounds on him, murder in his eyes, but before he can open his mouth Jack says, "Cas can't fly, but he does have a truck! He and I could ride in that. After all, Mary did say you all needed lots of time to talk."
"No!" Dean shouts, but when Jack's got his mind set on something there's no stopping him. Raw power rolls off of him in waves, the kind that always makes Dean's ears pop, and one by one the vampires begin to disintegrate. They don't even leave dust behind.
John watches Sam and Dean turn down the corner of the hallway with his eyes narrowed. He wishes he had arrived sooner, heard more of their conversation. All he got was the end of it: Sam said if they locked Dean up, they didn't know if they could get him back out. Castiel promised to be there no matter what, Sam didn't want John asking questions, and Dean—he wanted to be put in the dungeon, in chains. That he was hanging on by a thread. That he had only hours left.
kid. Jack can still access his powers, at a terrible cost, but he doesn't heal from injuries anymore. Sam said Dad had his machete out, and Jack's still shaky on his hand-to-hand. Dad could have really hurt Jack, maybe even killed him. And then where would they be? Nothing anyone could say would stop Cas from killing Dad for that. Dean's not even sure he'd try.
Dean turns his head to Dad. "They came out with a shitty reboot of these while you were dead, but the guy they got for Yaeger sucked. Shoulda just waited and asked you, huh? Dad," he adds to the room at large, "used to do the
"...wasn't like this, you know," Mom is saying, over the clink of dishware being cleaned and put away. "He was a lot like the boys, actually. Oh, especially Sam. I could never tell Sam that, I know he'd take it the wrong way—but John was so kind. He had this puppy dog look that made you want to tell him all your secrets. They even give the same bear hugs. I'm sure you can't imagine."
. I thought it would literally never end—why would he make it official when he's so far out of your league?"
"This is the worst thing that could happen to me," Dean tells him. He doesn't take his eyes off Cas's for a second. "Losing myself to Michael. And him using these hands—" Dean bunches one up in Cas's tie, using it to keep him pinned against the wall. "—to tear my family to shreds. And after what I've done to him, these past few weeks? It won't be quick."
," as though to make sure they both heard him. It's the same tense voice he used to use when he got between John and Sammy during a screaming match. "This is Castiel."
Cas leans into the kiss, his hands coming up to hold Dean's face. It's a little weird, because Cas has stubble on his jaw and his hands are bigger than a woman's, surely leaving bloody handprints on Dean's face even now—but Dean doesn't mind it. He's even into it. Dean never let johns kiss him, and none of his old hookups and one-night stands ever kissed him like this: like if Cas just held him close enough, he could protect Dean from everything, even Michael. It's something else. For a guy who spent four and a half billion years as a virgin, Cas has game.
The rest of the day goes like that—Michael saves his strength when he knows it's useless, like when Dean's chained up, but every time Dean leaves the safety of that restraint the pain and sometimes hallucinations start up all over again. Dean can feel Michael experimenting; instead of pushing as hard as he can every time he gets the chance and wearing himself out, he's trying it different ways, at different times. That's more comforting than it ought to be; if Michael's still experimenting, that does at least mean he hasn't figured out yet exactly how to make Dean break.
, Dean thinks at him, but the reminder that Michael is watching makes his skin crawl. It kind of makes him want Cas to stop touching him, to stop sitting so close, to stop looking at him—except for how it also doesn't. Dean doesn't know how to explain it but he needs Cas so much right now. He needs to get out of his head, where Michael and his father are, and be with someone who can look at him without wondering how they'd most like to wield and make use of him. Dean's had sex with guys before. Not for fun, and definitely not with Michael watching, but still—right now he could stand just about anything, if it got him closer to Cas.
It's weird, the way they tell those stories. Like it's funny and charming and not horrible and that their marriage wasn't on the verge of collapse some days. Like they didn't forget the fights, or the bad times, but that those things just don't matter anymore. Maybe they're just that happy to see each other. Maybe that's what it really means to be married. Like, for better or worse. Playing for keeps.
"First time?" Dean jokes, utterly out of his depth, but the look Cas gives him tells him that it is. Well, fuck. "...are you okay?"
"I suppose I betrayed that trust by not agreeing to put him in the Ma'lak box," Cas mutters. "I just..."
Dean's just sleep deprived enough to be able to laugh about it. He gets up, sliding the cake over towards Dad, and then does that thing Sam hates so much where he cracks every joint in his body. Snap, crackle, pop—God, Dean really is getting old, despite the long odds. He's fucking beat, too. As soon as he gets his kitchen back in shape, he's going to sleep for a year.
harm, and like he'd be more than happy to do so. Fine, so he's an angel: that still means he's not human, and John doesn't trust what isn't human. You're either a person or a monster. End of story. There's no gray area there.
John slides it on his finger and has to close his eyes against the sudden wave of emotion. This ring was the first thing he missed when he got brought back. He felt practically naked without it.
Dean could never have done it with the lights on. But he was scared, that first night. He was afraid Michael would find him in his sleep, and in a moment of weakness, he reached for Cas first. Cas was kind enough not to make him do it again.
Sam had been sixteen at the time, and Dean twenty. Which meant Dean wasn't technically a kid anymore no matter what he told Sam in the car—he was too old to punish any other way, and also too old for it to count as child abuse or whatever. Dad came home from a werewolf case he was working early, and when he found out Sam had been missing for almost a week and Dean hadn't called, he gave Dean the dressing-down of his life. The beating didn't come until later. Dean thought Dad was the better tracker, and that he could find Sam where Dean couldn't, but after another week with not one single lead they were starting to assume the worst. That was when Dad gave Dean a black eye and cracked the bottom two ribs on his left side. Dean's fought demons who left him in better shape than that. But he didn't object, didn't lift a finger in his own defense; hell, he thought Sam was dead, too. He took the whole beating without a single word.
Footsteps in the hallway. We turn. The archangel blade, last of its kind, has rolled out into the hallway, and currently rests beneath Castiel's shoe.
She probably would feel better if he shouted at her, huh? But Dean just can't do it. "I'm not mad at you, Mom," he says. "That's crazy." Since he's pushing forty, his knees really can't take the strain; he stands, but he pulls her up with him, and pulls her into a hug. He tries to give her a big bear hug like Sam would—like Dad would. If there was ever a time he finally lived up to his dad's image, he hopes it could be now.
. part of what i like about johnmary is that to them, their story feels just as real and complicated and important and TRAGIC as deancas does to us, and this just sort of drives that home. i don't know! i hate john and love mary, but it compels me.
There's a long silence. Sam switches his grip to Dean's shoulder and squeezes tightly. "Can you fight him?" he asks finally.
"John, stop," Mary says in his ear, but he's too afraid for her to stop. "He's just a kid, John, he hasn't done anything to us—"
We fly, alighting at the bottom of the bunker stairs; the walls shake with the force of our impact, the floor cracking beneath our feet. The others are still racing to catch up. Sam puts on a brave front, but we can feel him tremble. We know Lucifer better than Dean does; not even Dean, with his forty years in Hell, can possibly understand how frightened Sam must be of archangels.
"Sam," he says, keeping his eyes on his food as he piles dumplings and lo mein onto his plate, "sorry to ask, but will you make sure Dad comes and gets something to eat? Dunno if he'll turn up on his own with all of you treating him like a leper."
"No!" Castiel hauls himself up from the floor and drags Jack down by his shirt. We can't help but laugh. Every time we come close to danger, our so-called enemies will save us. Their human attachments to these vessels, to that nephilim, will be their undoing.
"I told you, with the angels nearing extinction, Heaven is on the verge of collapse," says Cas. "My grace wanes in and out. There are times when I barely have enough to heal even simple injuries. Bringing Dean back from the dead might require more power than I'll ever have again."
"You should try his burgers," Sam says. He's sitting at the head of the table, to John's left. "I'm not normally a fan, but they're art."
Of course, they're both thinking about the initials carved into the Impala. But this is different; it's not just Sam and Dean against the world anymore. They have a family whose initials are all carved alongside theirs. Mom added hers a while back, and later after Jack came back from the dead Dean insisted he do it too. Dean remembers how Cas stood in the doorway watching, a proud parent head to toe, but making no move towards the table himself. Dean had to spell it out for him; get out one of his switchblades, toss it to a wide-eyed Cas, and ask, "Well, are you coming, or what?"
, who writes very good spn fic, and who LOOOVES destiel so much, was so moved by this scene she made beautiful artwork for it. she told me i just HAD to put it on my fic or she'd DIE so
"You're still doing it!" Dean says over him. Pain lances through his head, but he can't stop for anyone, not even Michael. Not even Dad. He'll never get another chance. "You haven't learned a damn thing! You show up here after thirteen years and think you know better than me—all you wanted to do was throw yourself in the fire so you could be the good guy again, and hope none of us would notice it's just another way for you to leave your family behind. Don't you get it? Death is easy—living is what's hard! You would have had an easier time killing Sam than reaching out to him and saving him because you're a coward, and every time things get too dicey, you start looking for a way to bail. You spent twenty-two years running away from the fact that whether you killed the demon or not, Mom would still be dead!"
"5:18," Cas answers. "Your mother should be awake already. We meant to leave early, but—Dean, I can stay."
. But Dean, for his part, has his jaw firmed, his chin lifted, even as his eyes stay lowered. He's scared, but he's steeling himself to take his lickings standing up, just like John always taught him. That makes John sick too. He's the one who put that look on Dean's face to begin with. And suddenly, John can't stand to be here. He wishes he wasn't here at all.
"No," Dean says quickly, and after a brief but intense internal debate, decides the best route for damage control is to pretend this whole thing isn't happening. He turns to shut the door, making a face at Cas that he hopes conveys
"Sergei sabotaged us," Cas says with a scowl. "He just wanted to see if his loophole would work, and it didn't."
an obsessed bastard, and that truth couldn't hurt him anymore. Dean never liked to get angry at his old man, exactly, but the plain and simple fact is that his best
means when Dean is ready, whenever that turns out to be. But now that he knows for sure it's over, Dean wishes he hadn't pulled himself out of Cas's arms so quickly. He already misses being there.
Dad meets his eye with the kind of look that always made Dean's soul wilt. "I don't believe you. You said you were in Hell for a short time. But I know it was longer than that. When you woke me up—I know it was longer. Son, tell me the truth. How can I believe anything you tell me if you're just going to keep lying to my face?"
Assuming Dean's still topside, anyway. He's not counting on it. That'd be one silver lining to the coffin plan.
Jack forges on. "I can't believe I'm actually getting to meet Sam and Dean's father," he says bravely. "I've heard so much about you."
Dean and Cas are okay, too, Dean thinks, just like Cas said. Cas hangs out with him whenever Sam and Eileen aren't around, and it makes the bunker feel a lot less empty. They go and work jobs and come back and then Cas binges Netflix and continues not to sleep, ever, because he's an absolute freak. In between shows they play foosball down in the good old Dean Cave, and Cas destroys him every time. Guy always did have good reflexes. Fringe benefits of being one of Heaven's best and brightest, or something.
But, no—Sam twists and picks up an actual mop and bucket from the corner behind him. The bucket is full of red-tinted water. "Go in the kitchen," he says, "and if Dean says you can use the sink, run some clean water with bleach. We gotta get the blood off the floor, because the longer it stays there, the worse it'll stain—especially on the hardwood."
And yes, there are worse humans, there are worse angels, but no matter how hard you try to be a Winchester, everything always goes wrong, someone always ends up hurt because of you. It has emotions, but not a soul. And his grace is weak, like his body, full of wounds, broken. The bones of the memory of powerless wings. The body of a soldier who has lost everything. A soldier with only two friends, who despite being humans are much stronger than him.
Castiel and Gabriel were reprimanded when they returned to Heaven, but the thought of regret never crossed their minds.
Castiel was with Gabriel in God's new creation called Earth. Lucifer had described it as 'clingy, ugly, and stupid' but all the time he spent there just made him want to stay longer. They flew between trees, mountains and clouds, touched the water with the tips of their wings while going at maximum speed, they swam until they saw what the deepest darkness hid inside and stopped in the most spectacular places where if they stayed still enough all kinds of animals would come out to meet them.
"Why do you think that, Castiel?" A bit of hatred towards his father leaked into his words without the other noticing it.
"All right. Listen, I..." Sam has to ask, he knows that it might scare him, but his gut tells him that this will have a better outcome, so he comes closer forcing Castiel to bend down to his height and whispers carefully "I know you're not a human" and before the blue-eyed one can walk away he continues "Don't worry, I'm not gonna tell anyone."
"Okay kids, where's your daddy?" Bobby asks as he heads to the kitchen to find some food suitable for two growing boys.
He pauses for a longer time on the drawing of a young woman, her hair is red, it is the first drawing with color that he sees. The hair, short and curly, has all kinds of shades, it seems so real that it waits for it to move or leave the notebook at any moment. Her smile is huge and disastrous. He wonders if she is someone important to Castiel.
"But…" Bobby looks at him without understanding "Come on, that sounds like you have a 'but'. Why haven't you killed him or interrogated him at least? Why do you keep letting him come to your house?" Sam explains moving his arms. Bobby sighs again, tilting his head.
The rest of the way they are in a silence slightly less awkward than at the beginning, but none let their guard down, not completely.
As he approaches to the point of light, the idea of guilt embraces him. A great guilt of someone else directed towards him. He doesn't know how to react to that, but he don't have to, because the next instant he breaks the surface.
I'm gonna warn you: I think this next chapters are gonna be a little slower. So ... yeah, sorry. But the boys are gonna get there! ... eventually.
-Why are they just sitting there? Are they planning for us to do all this without music? -Fatima complains as she puts Denisse's skates in front of her while looking at everyone.
"Mornin', boy," the older one puts a glass of milk in front of the child and messes up his hair more than it already is.
Castiel is silent for a few seconds trying to know what to say, he can't mention that it's for his mission to stop the Apocalypse, so... what made him want to become a good actor?
It is two hours later when they finally hear two cars park, Dean wakes up from his nap and Sam looks up from the book but not before looking at the page where he stoped reading.
Castiel hides between a stinky dark alley, without losing sight of the Werewolf responsible for more than 5 murders. With a gun in hand and his sword hidden in his clothes in case any complication occurs he gets closer to his objective who puts aside his human appearance.
Castiel can't help himself and eventually his small smile grows when he burst out laughing as he sees them so happy.
Castiel is silent as Dean places the cassette he had in his hands to play and goes back to studying Castiel's collection.
Sam gets out of the Impala smiling, they're in Christmas holidays and this year they are going to be spending it with Bobby. Dean comes out, takes out their bags from Baby and stops close of the stairs turning to face their father.
The sword crosses his chest. All he hears is Dean's scream as all his grace explodes inside him, somehow he nows that this time he is going to die, and he is surprised not to see his whole life cross his eyes. The only thing that floods him is emptiness.
He turns the pages anyway. Not knowing what it is he is looking for, but sure he will know when he sees it.
"I found a Castiel clone today," he says shortly after they start eating some sandwiches he brought home from work.
"My... father, he had a peculiar taste when choosing names." He stops close to the truck and turns to see Bobby as he explains doubtfully.
"Are you all okay with me cooking today?" He asks after hesitating to enter the kitchen. Bobby and Sam turn to see and shrug their shoulders, Dean looks at the others as if they were crazy, but after rolling his eyes he shrugs his shoulders to and goes to sit on the couch.
"Just say or think my name, I'll listen to you" he sees no reason to hide that he can reach him in seconds, the only thing he does want to keep secret is the fact that he's an angel, he doesn't know what he can trigger with that.
"I'm sorry, you must have me confused with someone else. My name is Jimmy," he offers just as kindly and Dean is thankful there is no one else in line.
"You wanted to make friends" Bobby half asks and half affirms. He sighs when Castiel slowly moves his head up and down, nodding. "Okay, if that's what you want.... Dean, go with Castiel" orders and Dean is about to refuse, but if Bobby trusts him, at least going to buy food is not going to hurt.
They walk in silence for over a minute and Bobby thinks his question is not going to be answered, but the stranger speaks up as they are about to reach his truck.
"Probably soon, but if at any time you need me just call me" he'll do everything he can for his friends even when they don't know him like on that other timeline.
-And? Aren't you gonna answer? -Castiel stops to think just a second, he doesn't want Dean to be against him. He could eat, he can eat, the taste of each molecule is not so bad. He can take it, it's okay.
-What's your size? -Castiel turns around when he hears Fatima's question and remains blank for a few seconds, "Shoe size?
"Denisse, Fatima and I are going out tonight and we wanted to see if you would like to come with us," the young woman smiles and he can see how they mentioned ones are on the other side of the stage.
Edit: I feel like I rushed everything the first time and I didn't feel confortable with what I did, so now I changed it. I hope you like it.
They had been there a long time, alone. The rest of the angels were not yet notified about this new creation and the other archangels have 'very important occupations to be postponed for wasting time playing with a new toy of God.'
It is after taking the first bite that they notice that Castiel's shoulders were tense when they start relaxing. Castiel doesn't look up for several minutes and eats slowly. That time he cooked all this with Sam, he hadn't had a chance to taste it, he had his mojo back and he didn't know anything about how he was human. So he just had to take the brothers' word for it when they said it was good. But now, now for some reason he can feel the flavors, not the molecules, just the flavors and it was delicious. Even better that Pb & J.
“Whatever you say,” Jack says, and okay, alright, enough of that. Dean stands up and points at the mess Jack and Cas have
“Stick ‘em in the oven for twenty minutes to rise,” Dean explains. “Normally you do it outside the oven for an hour. I don’t know about you, but I’m too hungry for that.”
Dean opens his eyes, and Emily tells Dean to kiss the heart before placing it in his monkey’s back. Wordlessly, Dean holds the heart out in front of Cas, who kisses it oh-so-gently. Dean smiles, and Cas mirrors him.
“You are awesome, you are loved,” Emily says, interrupting their eye contact. “Now give your furry friend a hug.”
Her voice sounds… well, let’s just say Dean knows what it sounds like when someone’s trying to seem a lot less emotional than they actually are—the deliberately calm tone, the low volume. Claire glances at him for a moment. Dean’s not sure what his face looks like, but whatever Claire sees inspires her to continue.
Dean pulls him back over to the table, sitting down in his chair and scooting to the side to make room for Cas’ chair in front of the laptop. One of the bakeries he’d found had a cake design page on their website, where you could submit photographs to be printed onto the cake itself, as well as celebratory phrases to be written in frosting. Dean rotates the laptop so it’s easier for Cas to type, and he watches as Cas spends almost twenty minutes clicking through Google Images. Ultimately, he decides on a marble cake with white frosting, the top decorated with photos of that Archie kid from Riverdale, a frog wearing a little cowboy hat, and some chick named JoJo Siwa. In the message box, Cas types
“You bet,” he says, climbing out of the car and opening Jack’s door for him. He stumbles out less gracefully, not as used as the rest of them to sitting in a car for hours on end. Cas comes around from the other side and helps Jack with his backpack, zipping it up all the way once it’s over both of Jack’s shoulders. Jack grips the straps and scrutinizes the mall. Luckily, there’s not a sign advertising Build-A-Bear on this side of the building.
When Dean opens the door to his room, the sliver of light from the hallway illuminates Cas on his back in bed, limbs spread wide and face slack with sleep. He doesn’t stir as Dean hangs up his dead guy robe or turns on the fan in the corner or even as he climbs onto the mattress. All he does is sniffle and twitch his fingers. Dean lays down close, resting his cheek on Cas’ sternum and hooking a leg between Cas’ own.
Claire stops by a few weeks later, on her way back to Sioux Falls after a hunt in Dumas, Texas and in need of somewhere to crash. She says over the phone that the bunker’s cheaper than a motel and has comfier beds, too, and Dean knows how to read between the lines.
There are enough computers for almost everyone in their group to use their own, save for Sam and Eileen, who squeeze onto one chair together, Eileen balanced on Sam’s lap. Dean wolf-whistles as payback for earlier, and he counts it as a success when Sam gives him the bitchface in response.
Dean stands up from where he’d been kneeling on the floor and finds himself face-to-face with the figurine and trinket shelf. A small, off-white, ceramic angel catches his eye, and he snags it, thinking of Cas. The wings are decorated with sparkly gold paint, and the texture is smooth when Dean runs his thumb over it.
a morning person—never has been, even when his job as a hunter sometimes required him to be. His habit of sleeping in late has only gotten worse now that he shares a bed with Cas, who is somehow even less of a morning person than Dean. He’s a grumpy, shameless, blanket hog, and he is not above using sexual favors to keep his own personal space heater in between the sheets with him for as long as possible. Unfortunately for the both of them, their kid rises with the sun. Jody tries to tell Dean that young children tend do that, it’s perfectly normal, but Dean’s pretty sure it’s just leftover divine punishment from Chuck.
Dean takes a massive bite of pizza and promptly chokes when Jack straightforwardly informs him that this week on Riverdale, it was revealed that “Cheryl’s been keeping the dead body of her twin brother Jason in her basement, and she showed him to Toni, and he’s got a creepy doll in his lap, too.”
And he does. The things he did when he had the Mark… He’s done his best to atone for them, and he’ll keep doing so until his time finally comes, and probably even after that, too.
how to interpret. He leans forward to capture Cas’ mouth in a kiss, reaching blindly to the side to drop his phone on the table next to the forgotten bottle of beer. With the kid asleep and Sam and Eileen two hundred miles away, they’ve got to take advantage of the alone time as thoroughly as they can.
Cas checks Jack’s elbows and knees for scrapes, while Dean glares at Claire in disbelief, his hands on his hips.
Finally, Jack and Cas do as they’ve been told and toe off their muddy gardening boots—Jack apologetic and Cas rolling his eyes the whole time. Jack dutifully picks up both pairs and carries them back to the front door, where they should’ve stayed in the first place. Once Jack’s out of the room, Cas steps into Dean’s personal space and squints at him.
Jack sticks his hand inside and comes out with two bottles of nail polish: one black, the other hot pink so bright it almost hurts Dean’s eyes.
She shoos him along down the line, and Dean would really prefer to stick with Cas, but Cas and Emily have already started the stuffing process for Cas’ turtle. Damn. Dean wanders over to the “fluff me” station, which seems to be a large plastic table in the shape of a clawfoot bathtub. Dean has
“Everyone ready?” Dean asks. He mostly gets vaguely positive sounding noises in return, except from Cas, who gives him a straightforward
When Dean wakes up in the morning, it’s from a bright light shining directly on his face. He groans, covering his eyes with his hand and spreading his fingers just enough that he can squint one eye open and see what the hell is going on. The light is coming from the hallway, and Jack’s in the doorway, one hand still wrapped around the knob.
Dean’s next to Cas, whose sea turtle is now sporting a gaudy angel costume made up of white mesh and silver décor. The wings stick out from under either side of the shell. Cas notices Dean side-eyeing it and makes a funny little facial expression—part eye roll, part
“Ooh! Roller-skates!” Jody exclaims from behind them, perfectly timed. She pushes past Dean to grab a pair off the fixture to his left, immediately sliding them on to all four of her stuffed Clydesdale’s hooves. Donna, at her side, has selected a police officer’s uniform, unsurprisingly.
, and Cas had refused to speak to him for a day and a half. Loneliest day and a half of his life, and Dean had spent most of his childhood watching over his napping baby brother and wishing his dad was home. So. No way in hell he’s doing
“Huh,” Dean says, opening the unfamiliar wallet to see what’s inside. Jimmy Novak’s DMV photo stares at him from behind the flimsy plastic sleeve on the front flap.
The last thing Dean does before falling asleep is tangle their fingers together and tuck their joined hands up under his chin.
“Raincheck,” he promises, as he climbs out of bed and slips into his robe. He pulls it closed enough to hide the marks Cas has left on his skin, knowing Sammy’s annoying little brother senses will home in on them immediately if left uncovered.
“Same room as last time?” she asks, as if Dean would’ve moved her spare clothes and favorite throw blanket out of there in the interim.
Jack takes the monkey in hand and finishes dressing him far quicker than Dean ever could have dreamed.
Cas nods, half-asleep already, and wishes Claire goodnight on his way out of the room. Dean stands up and treks over to the bar, pulling two bottles of beer out of the fridge. He opens them both against the counter and gives one to Claire before collapsing in the second armchair. He pulls the lever to recline back and lets out a relaxed sigh. After a moment, Claire does the same. They drink in silence for ten, fifteen minutes, maybe—Dean’s not positive—until Claire kicks the recliner back into its upright position and scoops the strap of her duffel bag up off the floor.
Cas is just getting a hand down Dean’s flannel pajama pants when the alarm blares again, reminding Dean what day it is and how little time he has left to whip up the perfect birthday breakfast. Cas whines when Dean pulls away, chasing his mouth, and Dean almost says
After that, it’s easy enough to open Sammy’s laptop and book a reservation. Jack’s birthday is on a Tuesday this year, so maybe they’ll luck out and the place won’t be too crowded. As he’s researching bakeries in the area, Jack comes bounding into the library, tracking mud
The cinnamon rolls are good—a little chewy, but the icing is the perfect amount of melty, and the cinnamon flavor explodes over Dean’s tongue with every bite. They’re way better than the pre-made refrigerated kind, that’s for sure. Everyone else seems to agree, too. Sam and Eileen give their compliments to the chef—Jack, not Dean, obviously—and Dean can even see Claire attempting to hide a smile. Jack’s got icing on the tip of his nose, and Dean watches as Cas leans forward to wipe it off gently with a paper towel he’s dunked in Jack’s glass of water. The action is tender. Paternal. Human.
Besides, Jimmy seemed like the kind of guy who would’ve endured the chaos of a dozen eight-year-olds screaming about stuffing and costumes if it meant his little girl was happy. Whatever. It doesn’t matter who told Jack about Build-A-Bear, because this is the third time this week the kid has not-so-subtly dropped it into conversation.
“Alright… This week on Riverdale… Cheryl started practicing witchcraft, and she cast a love spell on the whole school, and everyone made out with someone they weren’t dating, and all the couples spent the rest of the episode arguing about it.”
By the time the credits roll, all three of them are crying, and Dean is once again feeling grateful that Sammy and Eileen decided to spend a romantic weekend together at Lake Shawnee. He’d never live it down if his little brother saw him losing his marbles over a friggin’ cartoon dragon.
Cas’ sigh is long-suffering, as if making out with Dean is a chore and not something he himself instigates more mornings than not. Dean rolls onto his back and tugs at Cas until he gets the memo, lifting a leg and shifting his weight as he straddles Dean’s waist. He braces his forearms on either side of Dean’s head and leans down, slipping his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Dean hums and slides a hand up Cas’ back, settling it in the center in-between his shoulder blades, palm heavy and fingers spread. The first time Dean had gotten Cas out of his shirt, he’d been surprised to find that the skin there was smooth, no scar leftover from Lucifer’s blade slicing through the flesh.
Dean shivers as he comes down, trying to catch his breath, but he can't stop now. He doesn't want to make Cas wait too long, and if he doesn't do it quick he might lose his nerve. His hands are still shaking a little as he leans back a little and fumbles for Cas's belt.
"Then why are you doing this to him?" Dean says. And then, without his permission, his mouth says, "Why are you doing this to yourself? He would—"
NEXT WEEK: someone drives the impala for the first time, mary makes a difficult decision, and dean and cas spend a little time in a parked car. see you then, and thank you so so much for reading!!!
We laugh, the walls shivering at the force of it. The sound is a little unbalanced, but it's been a long day. "We've been over this, Dean. You won't do it! Not to your father. Daddy's blunt little instrument, his perfect little soldier—you wouldn't even let me take him earlier. How are you going to put that blade through his heart? You were furious with him for saying yes, but you were scared, too, weren't you? You don't want to lose him. The truth is you don't even care if he loves you. When he speaks you bow your head to listen. When he raised a hand to you, you held still and let him beat you, and didn't once ask him to stop. And you'll obey his every order and worship the ground he walks on no matter how much he hurts and neglects you because you think that makes you the good son—but he doesn't care! He'll never care! Not even God cares! You live in a cold, meaningless universe. There's no such thing as love!"
Sam turns around and picks Eileen right up off the floor by her waist, spinning her around. They're both laughing, grinning ear-to-ear. Dean was dreading this so much for so long, but their joy is infectious; he can't stop smiling.
—" Sam starts, but the door opens ahead of Dean and there's Cas, and Sam yells "Catch him!" and before Dean can make it out Cas's arm wraps like iron around his chest.
But what can he possibly do to stop it? If he could swap their places, he'd do it in a heartbeat. It wouldn't be the first time he traded his life for Dean's. But Michael's in Dean, and he's not getting out, so—
"Like four times now," Dean tells him. "I've been everywhere. I've done everything. And nothing really scares me anymore. Except..." Dean cuts himself off. Then he confesses, "I was so scared when you got back, I couldn't even be happy. Just the thought of you figuring it all out and thinking: 'God, I turn my back on this screw-up for five fucking minutes...' But why not, right? That's how it's always been. Because I was never fucking good enough unless you were keeping me in line."
Nothing about those memories Michael showed him suggested that Dean actually—that he wanted, or enjoyed, having to—John can't think about it. But what if that's why Dean's like this now? Why else would he want to—to—with Castiel? John had been disgusted enough at the thought of Jack's mother screwing an angel, but at least she was a woman. Castiel's not just a monster, he's one shaped like a man. Having a strong stomach is an important part of his line of work, but John feels physically ill at the mere thought of Dean getting on his knees or rolling over for—either a monster
It takes Dean an entire six seconds to formulate an answer. "No," he says, and then, "I'm on my way," and then he hangs up.
Son of a bitch, he just means Michael. That is so much better. "You got me," Dean says weakly. His heart is still racing, matching pace with Michael pounding in his head. "Never could pull one over on the old man."
No matter. "That won't help you," we remind him. The others have begun to appear behind him; first Dean, then Sam, then Mary. "In fact, why don't I give you a freebie? Take your best shot, Castiel. I know how much you hate this face. Go ahead, put that blade through John Winchester's heart. See if his family forgives you."
"You left me," Dean accuses. More than never getting to have a home, more than the childhood of shotguns and salt lines, even more than the beating, this is John Winchester's most terrible and unforgivable crime. "I did everything you ever asked of me—everything! I gave you everything I ever had. And then you told me I had to kill Sammy, and you
It gets quiet again. Wind scatters dead leaves over the pavement, and Dean jams his hands in his pockets, shifting from foot to foot to keep warm. He's about to crash their party when—
John thinks back, and finds that he can't remember exactly. Was it before or after Sammy left for school? "Well, years," he says, "but I—"
"I'm good," he tells Sam. He lets his face do the talking, so it can say some of the things he can't put into words, especially not in front of Dad. "Thanks."
"None of us went to bed last night unless you count Dad being unconscious," Sam corrects, "but Dean hasn't slept since Christmas. Dude, you can't just hop behind the wheel after all of that."
, Dean wants to say, except the way Cas is studying him kind of robs him of his voice. Cas says, "I'm sensing ulterior motives."
Cas doesn't let him sweat it out for too long. "For keeps," he agrees in a murmur, and if his voice wavers just a little Dean'll do them both the courtesy of not mentioning it. "Me too. But you already knew that."
"This isn't on you, Dean," Mom says. "Your dad and I both said some things we didn't mean. I haven't been perfect either. I made the deal with Yellow Eyes, I lied to him about hunting, I tried to kill you both when I was brainwashed—"
John remembers their conversation in the gym, the way he saw Dean react to some unknown hallucination, and wanted to comfort him, but didn't know how. Children are easy to soothe. If you're bigger and stronger than they are, that's all they really need to feel safe. But while Dean got older, he never got harder, not the way John wanted him to be, not while John was alive. Worst of all, he never stopped needing John. And the more he needed John, the more John pulled away, in a desperate attempt to teach him to stand on his own two feet like a real man should.
Dean tips his head back, letting out an incredulous sound that might pass for a laugh. "Honest?" he repeats. "With you? You asked me what I expected you to do—this is it! 'Cause that's always what you do, right? Swoop in out of nowhere and save the day? But you don't know Michael. All you did was give him an extra escape hatch. A yes to him one time is a yes forever. He can come back in me or in you whenever he wants to. And you can't fight him."
"Nope," says Dean. He gets a couple of plates out of the cabinet—one for him, one for Dad—and starts loading them up with eggs and bacon. "That's Michael." On cue his head starts pounding, like Michael heard him and wants to say,
, a couple of weeks ago in the hospital parking lot, right before Dean was planning to take that swan dive with Michael. And Dean, thinking it was probably his last and only chance, kind of lost his mind and kissed him. He meant for it to be a goodbye. He thought he was counting his time left topside in hours. But damn if Sam didn't come along and break Dean's resolve about the whole Michael thing five minutes later.
A year and a half ago now, just before Jack was born, Dean was the one to break Mom out of the brainwashing the British Men of Letters put on her. Inside a dream, he stood over Sam's crib and told her,
And then John realizes: Michael is the only reason John's back at all. The wishing magic Sam and Dean were using was never meant for him. It was always to get rid of Michael.
that's all it takes to get rid of him. It sure as hell beats the Pacific. Come on, Sam, how many times have we died? I'm more than okay with taking one for the team."
But—yeah, John gets it. Sam's made his point clear: he's interested in actions, not words. He did say that if John was handing out apologies, John shouldn't start with him. John really
There's a pause just a little too long for John's liking. Then he remembers what Dean said about the devil being an angel and a terrible understanding makes his blood run cold.
Dean got angry at himself instead. He got angry at other people for provoking his dad and pissing him off. Dad always had a reason for everything he did, even if Dean didn't understand, so Dean made everything Dad did someone else's fault so he'd never, ever have to get angry at the only parent he had left. Because Dean loved him so much, and he needed him so much, and he didn't want to do anything that could drive him away. Dad already left so often and for so long, and all Dean ever wanted was for him to stay, because Dean only ever really felt safe when his dad was with him. That moment Dad first put a gun into his hands and Dean realized he could fight back against the dark was burned into his brain forever. He lived the rest of his life chasing that high—that feeling of being protected, of his Dad being proud of him. The feeling that somehow, despite all the ugly evil shit in the world, everything was gonna be okay. He's not sure he ever felt that way again.
John has no idea who Jack is—another angel?—but Castiel finally steps backwards. "I won't be gone long," he says. He gives John one last scorching look.
But then it's over. Dean's on the ground, blood streaming from his eyes and ears, gasping for air. And then he realizes that, for the first time in many, many weeks, there is complete silence. Complete emptiness. He is completely alone.
John's supposed to be the one apologizing. "I probably had it coming." Dean starts to protest, but John speaks over him. "What you said...you weren't wrong. And this thing with Michael—it was your thing. You had it under control. Then I came in and nearly got us all killed. I shouldn't have said yes. I should have talked it over with you first."
Secondly, Dean wants Sam in the back next to him to tell him what happened at the barn. They could sit in the front together, Sam driving, Dean riding shotgun; they've done it a million times. But Dean knows from a childhood of being raised in that backseat that between the engine and the heater and the radio, there's just enough noise that if you keep your voice low you can have a semi-private conversation, kind of like the one he and Sam had on the way up here—and it
"Dean." His name falls like a gavel out of his father's mouth, and Dean shuts up fast. Dad looks up at last, heartbreak all over his face. "Why wouldn't you just...tell me? Why are you so hellbent on going behind my back? I thought I taught you better than that."
Dean closes his eyes for a moment, and sees against his eyelids the Michael of this world, a long time ago, when he was in Dean's father.
between the first time the angels tried to wring out Dean's consent and the moment he finally gave it up—he thought he was free from that fate, but it was dogging his heels all along, just waiting for the right moment to apply the wrong kind of pressure. Different Michael, sure, but same outcome. Just like he always promised.
"She just hasn't had time to hear about all the good stuff yet," Dean insists, a little annoyed. Even if Cas is right, and his dad was being an asshole on purpose all this time, it doesn't mean that's the whole story. People like Cas and now maybe Mom and Sam get stuck on shit like Flagstaff, and suddenly it's like the rest of it doesn't even matter anymore. "Sure, we had our rough spots, but—hey, remember that time you worked double shifts on that security guard thing in Kentucky so we could afford Dollywood tickets because Sam wouldn't shut up about wanting to try a rollercoaster?"
"They'll be fine," says Mom. "I'm more worried about you. I know you've got a lot going on with Michael, and not being able to sleep, but...your dad being here is making things harder on you, isn't it?"
Of course, John could have undertaken his quest alone; he could have left Sam and Dean with a friend, a neighbor, even some of his own distant family. He thought about it many times. But the longer he waited, the harder it became. No matter what Castiel or anyone else thinks, John loved his boys, maybe even too much. After Mary's death, he couldn't bear to tear their family apart. They were all he had left of her, even Sammy. And—well, John was always a paranoid son of a bitch, and that was a lonely way to live. Sam and Dean were the only people he knew he could trust and let his guard down around. Sam and Dean were the only people who truly believed him about the way that Mary died. And there was no one,
And he's fine to call that conversation dead and buried, but then Mom speaks up again, uncharacteristically tentative. "Dean? Your dad—was he an asshole?"
"Nah, it's a free country," Dean dismisses. He's pretty intent on stirring his potatoes—like he doesn't notice or care if John stands next to him. "About fifteen more minutes and it's go-time."
?" Dean shouts, because he has to raise his voice to hear himself over Michael. His pulse is racing; even though he's not moving them, his fingers twitch at his side. "What's not fair is that you put everything on me and I could never do it all, I could never do it good enough for you. What's not
stopped. I know it's hard to believe, the way he is now, but Sammy had some serious anger issues. I used to think he was the most pissed-off person I'd ever known. And then I met Cas."
for this week: a couple of brief mentions of suicide (not out of any real suicidal ideation, but as a "practical" solution to the michael problem - dean has a VERY minor no-will-to-live crisis but it isn't the same vibe) hallucinations, discussions of both flagstaff and hell and all that they entail, an attempt by one character to deliberately trigger a traumatic memory for the other (this happens twice), use of handcuffs, and...i'm not sure how to describe this...very sexually violent suggestive language from/about the bad guys. there's no sexual violence in this fic aside from dean's history, which is not shown "onscreen," but this IS a similar vibe. it is just a couple of paragraphs though - if you'd like a more detailed warning hit me up in the comments or on
She looks so happy. It's gonna destroy her when Dean's gone. But until then, he's gonna do everything he can to keep from breaking her heart. "Learning to drive," he says, and hits upon another story. "I ever tell you about that? I was maybe ten or eleven, and I couldn't reach the pedals good, so I steered my poor baby right into a ditch..."
Sam straightens back up. "Right hand on the wall will get you back to the kitchen, whenever you're ready," he says. "For what it's worth, I am sorry about Adam. Losing a kid is never easy." He says it like he'd know.
Dean fights. Of course he fights. He squeezes down on that handle with all his might, sweat beading on his forehead from the strain. But Dean has always been weak, and Michael is so, so strong. He's an unbeatable, inevitable force of nature. Dean can't stand against that. He's not the one who threw Michael in that cage.
There's a moment's pause where Castiel looks up, his expression a little incredulous, like he's surprised John spoke to him at all and would have rathered he didn't. But then he jerks oddly, almost as though someone kicked him under the table, and schools his features into something bland and disinterested. It happens so quickly it could almost have been John's imagination. "I met Mary almost immediately after she came back," Castiel says, a little too politely. "Sam and Dean I've known for more than a decade now."
modified the shot of the initials on the table to match their descriptions in this fic, which you can see
With Michael pounding away in his head, Dean has trouble sleeping—and even if he didn't, the idea would still scare him shitless. In the week between caging Michael and Sam and Cas talking him out of the Ma'lak Box plan, Dean lived on energy drinks and catnaps, setting his phone alarm to keep him awake, terrified that the first time he slept too deeply it would all be over. A dream is just a mental projection, after all, just like the one Michael trapped him in. What if his guard being down while he's asleep is how Michael gets out? What if Michael shows up in his dreams to push him underwater again?
Jack throws a terrified look behind him. Sam's eyes flick up to the door, and he gives Jack a little nod. Slowly, reluctantly, Jack starts towards the staircase.
Sam makes a face at Mom and Cas which Dean can't interpret on account of Sam being smart enough to turn his head away first. He turns back to Dean and adds, "Watch your mouth in front of the kid. I'm gonna run to town and get some marshmallows."
Paranoia that has long dogged John's footsteps reminds him that if it isn't his own instincts that are off, it's Sam and Dean's. No self-respecting hunter, no son of John Winchester's, would shelter monsters if there wasn't something deeper going on. He taught them better than that. Unless—
We'll have to deal with the boy in a moment. The wards along this bunker are powerful, unknowingly made more powerful than even we can blast through by the filth in Sam Winchester's blood, and the force of will that allows him to wrestle angels. They prevent us from flying in or out of the bunker. We can leave only if the door is opened, and even then only on foot. But we can move around inside the bunker unimpeded, and the first place we go is to the storage room.
Maybe there's no point in Dean lying when he's so close to the end, but he doesn't want Dad to worry. He shrugs. "No big deal. We'll get another shot."
John's jaw clamps shut around his protest. She already let harm come to one of their sons. She didn't mean to, but she did. Who's to say it couldn't happen again?
that kind of thing. He's not...okay with it, if that's what Sam's hoping for. He's never going to be okay with it. It disgusts him to even think about. His stomach physically turns every time he remembers.
"Then Dad doesn't get to drive the car," Dean argues. "Besides, we'd freeze. We'll just have to split up."
"Yes and no," Sam says. He glances up again, catches the confusion on John's face, and his mouth firms into a line, like he's annoyed at having to explain. "Our Bobby died. Took a bullet for Dean and me, actually. But there's another Bobby, from—another reality, I guess. We found a portal leading there a while back, and he came back through with us. He helps us out sometimes."
"You promised," Dean says again, betrayed and furious. Michael loves his anger; Dean feels him prowling around in there, poking and prodding at all those weak points, looking for his way out. "You
And then John realizes: that's why Dean still looks so scared. And not without reason, either. If John had caught Dean with a man when he was a kid—any man, for any reason, but especially a monster—he probably would have done a lot worse than Flagstaff, without caring about the reason at all. John's style has always been to shoot first and ask questions later, and he didn't raise his sons to
. This whole fucking thing was monkey's-paw cursed from the get-go. Dean's never trusting any magical object ever again.
Pathetic. The only creature here capable of killing us, and none of the rest will let him. All they're doing is buying us more time.
Jack winces at the high-pitched scream Summer lets out as Hatchet Man starts chopping up Tyler, but Dean cackles. "These were my favorites as a kid, that's all," he confesses. "We don't have to keep going if you're not having fun."
He's still got that cut on his cheek, John realizes, heart twisting painfully. For all the time Dean's spent hunting things, at the moment he looks more like prey. His eyes are on John's face, but in a pointed way: like he's making the effort not to flick them down to watch John's hands. It takes him three tries to get out, "Hey."
. Like how Sam loves Eileen. Like, picking-him-up-and-spinning-him-around love. Rock-on-his-finger love.
died; to this day he can't remember it. John always accepted Mary's version of events without question—why would she lie? It wasn't until after her death that he began to see their entire life together in a totally new light.
Cas still looks sour and pissed as they duck back into the kitchen together, but right now, Dean's got larger concerns.
When Dad was gone, it was okay to get a little pissed. When Dad was gone, it was all right to admit that none of it was fair. That kind of anger is safer. It doesn't have any direction. Whose fault is it, anyway, that Dad just couldn't swing parenthood? The Yellow-Eyed Demon's? God's? Dean's? Didn't matter, as long as it wasn't Dad's. Dean could do things like talk to Sam about all those times Dad would send him away, or to tell Cas about what happened in Flagstaff when Sammy disappeared on his watch.
This is why we wanted Mary. This is why we had them share a cell, back in our world. By design a nephilim must always be motherless, and Mary is a mother with two grown sons and no children, who was there when Jack was born. Jack may pretend he doesn't have favorites, but aside from Castiel, this is the one he's least likely to strike at.
John slips the lockpick out of his coat and gets started on the door. And as he works, he closes his eyes, just like he watched Mary do when she called Castiel, and begins to pray. "I'm speaking to Michael the archangel, so turn on your ears, you son of a bitch. I'm about to make you an offer you can't refuse..."
?" Dean demands. He's got that hot snarling feeling in his chest again. "You've been back for like a week, man! And you weren't gonna say anything? You were fine just leaving me to sweat it out? Are you pissed at me or something?"
Castiel seems to prefer this state of affairs, since it means John stays silent. He goes back to his work, looking at John's wound, his face utterly impassive. "Surely you must understand by now how much Michael hated Dean, and how much he rejoiced in his suffering. I don't know what you saw or learned while Michael was inside of you, but I do know that anything he may have disclosed to you was shared with the sole purpose of causing Dean pain. The kindest thing you could do for your son would be to never speak of any of it again—especially to Dean himself."
Well, Michael helped it along a little, but most of this is just Dean, because Dean's the one who panicked first, before Michael did anything at all. Somehow, that's worse.
Michael goes so silent so quickly that for one terrifying moment, Dean's afraid that somehow he's gone. That illusion is shattered a second later, by what Dean hears next.
But he doesn't have a choice. This is bigger than them. This isn't just his life, or his family's lives; this is the whole world Michael's prepared to burn down. Cas has to know he's serious. The coffin is still the lesser evil.
sucks—but we help a lot of people. We leave the world better than we found it, and we kick ass. And this place, these people—it's a hell of a lot closer to a picket fence than I ever thought we'd get."
John's not. He'd take a thousand more wounds from that blade before he lifted another finger against her. "Does that mean we're still fighting?" he jokes.
But Cas's frown of confusion melts away, replaced by a sudden comprehension that makes Dean feel like he just got snapped back into his body after living like a ghost for a year. It's enough that Cas understands. That's proof. He's real. This is all real. The whole fucking thing was always real.
Dean screams as the molten metal burns through his flesh and sears his bones. He always did hate having his hands taken in Hell. Sam and Castiel approach us again, but with another flick of our wings we send them back to the floor. We lean forward. "You thought you could scare me with those?" we whisper in Dean's ear, letting our breath wash over his neck. "Do you know who I am? You should be grateful I didn't leave you a vegetable. You should be grateful I'm not inside you."
He says it like he's waiting for Castiel to come in with some kind of punchline, but Castiel doesn't say anything. He's back to staring John down. It's unsettling.
Fuck, goddammit, Dean's gonna have to come clean. Even leaving out the fact that he probably couldn't lie to Cas to save his own life, he can't call Sam a pussy for not popping the question and then not tell Cas, who's head-over-heels for him, that he might love him back, just a little. All this time, Dean wanting to give back—it was guilt. He loves Cas but he's not gay so he
"You were too busy puking your own guts out to take care of him," Dad agrees. "I'm lucky he didn't give it to me too."
"You can't," Dean says, slow and fumbling. He wishes he wasn't drunk. He wishes he was drunker. "You can't tell me a single thing that only we would know. If you could you would have by now."
Dean shovels eggs into his mouth. He already thought of that, thanks. He didn't bring it up because his dad and Michael are already sharing a roof—he really doesn't want to add thinking about Alastair and Sam's demon mojo to the mix, especially not when Dad's gone and made the whole demon blood thing a touchy subject again. Besides, what good would it do to make Michael some other poor bastard's problem?
And maybe Dad's thinking about Flagstaff, or Hell, or making Mom cry, but Dean's got him cornered. He can't exactly say no.
John lets it drop, for now. The last time he saw his boys he was fighting with them, and he's been back for less than a day; the last thing he wants to do is fight now. "Pass the potatoes," he says instead, by way of a subject change. Nobody says grace at this table; instead, they all dig in. And as it turns out, Mary was right: John was in for a surprise. Dean really can cook. Dinner is meatloaf almost exactly like Mary used to make, and the best loaded mashed potatoes John's ever had. Silence falls over the table, the kind only brought about by everyone being busy with eating at the same time.
Shit—Dad. Dean actually almost forgot about him. Not that it'll matter, soon. Once Michael's made Dean his bitch again, Dad's gonna know everything.
Sam doesn't want to put Dean in the box, because he's afraid they'd never be able to get him out again. So they're chaining him up instead, because soon—
The noise in Dean's head is getting louder; he can't even hear his own footsteps. "Scared?" Dean mutters, to the archangel locked inside him. "Good. Buddy of mine told me that where you're going? It ain't no fun at all."
"Man, don't you get it?" Dean asks. "I was fucked, six ways to Sunday. But then Dad gave me a gun and a mission and suddenly I'm a real boy again. Looking out for you was more than just my job, Sam—it's what got me out of bed in the morning. Because no matter how bad it got, at the end of it we still had us. If you think I got regrets, you're wrong. I mean, come on, how many times have you gotten your ass kicked for me?"
Dean swallows. "Oh," he says, touched. It takes him a moment to find his voice again. "Okay. Uh, thanks."
"Love is nothing but weakness. That's why you're the one on your knees." We strike Dean across the face. "But that's not an unusual position for you, is it, Dean?"
The kiss breaks. Dean runs his hand back through Cas's hair to mess it up like it was after the vampire fight, then pulls Cas in for another. "Dude," he says finally, against Cas's lips, "you looked fucking hot today."
That's it, then. In Dean's head Michael sneers his triumph, and Dean lets out a slow, even sigh, trying to stay zen so he can't escape early. Cas might be trying to drum up more leads, but they're out of time. It'll be any day now, any hour,and there's nothing left anyone can do. "It's okay," he tells Sam.
Sam blows out a sigh. "All right," he concedes. He stands, and pulls a shaky Dean to his feet, keeping a hand on his shoulder to guide him out of the room. "Cas, can you fix the door? The last thing we need is Dad asking questions."
to put them first. And you have to want to put them first. Before yourself, and before me. You have to want to do right by them because they're
"We gotta find a way to get him outta there," Sam says. "I'm not letting Michael have you. This whole trip was a waste of our time."
Facing the prospect of Sam spending eternity in Hell, Dean was more than a little drunk at the time, and since Cas was the only other person awake, he decided to get Cas drunk with him. Cas asked him about why he changed his mind and told Michael to get fucked, and from there they got to talking about why Dean nearly said yes to begin with. Dean tried to explain about Heaven; that it was more than just God turning out to be a deadbeat, it was that so many of Sam's best memories were Dean's worst. And when Cas asked him what made Flagstaff such a terrible memory for Dean—yeah, Dean had been just drunk enough to be honest.
He starts forward and tries to take the mop and bucket out of John's hands, but John hangs onto them. "Yeah," he says quietly. "Yeah, I think I do."
He couldn't let it happen. Not to his Dean. And so, when a great rumble shook him free from the rack a few days later, John found enough strength in the memory of Mary and his boys to make his way to the Devil's Gate in Wyoming—to crawl out of Hell just in time to help them put an end to Yellow Eyes for good.
Dean feels a rush of relief once the handcuffs click in place around his wrists, especially once they're tightened to the point of pain. Even if Michael takes Dean now, he can't use Dean's body to hurt anyone, not with these on. Ironically, the cuffs kill enough of Dean's anxiety that he stops needing them as soon as they're on. Michael's kind of like a demon or a ghost; what he looks for is weakness. Sadness, or anger, or yeah, definitely fear—they all leave Dean wide open. Any strong emotion is one that Michael can exploit and drown Dean in.
Dean does a double-take. "What?" Then he actually does look at John's hands, and lets out a deeply long-suffering sigh. "Oh my God, Sam. Dad, you just got fucking kebobbed, okay? You almost died! You do not have to
"Found out when Sammy was still in grade school," John says. "If you're waiting on me to get pissed, you'll be waiting a long time."
Sam throws his head back and laughs. That's basically what they're doing here, right? Burning it in an open hole and then covering it with dirt again to make good and sure it can't come back to haunt them later. Insane behavior, but that's the hunter in them. The salt is all that's missing.
Another one jumps Dean from behind, pinning his arms to his sides. Dean curses and rears back in a headbutt hard enough to make him see stars, but it doesn't let go. A second vampire appears before Dean, fangs out. The one behind him lowers its head and then Dean feels those teeth tear into his neck.
Dad looks so sad. "No, Dean," he says. "You don't. You think I don't see how scared everyone gets, how fast you have to take yourself out of a room?" He steps a little closer, glancing at the doorway before lowering his voice. "They may not think much of me in there, but you know better, right? Whatever it is, you can tell me. I won't get mad."
"You don't know that," John whispers. "How can you know that? I do trust you, son, Dean too." Sam's expression does something complicated, like what John said caused him pain. John jabs a finger in Jack's direction. "But I don't know that thing. It's not even human. How am I supposed to trust something that's not human?"
But ultimately, it's the memory of Mary's betrayed expression in the truck that stops him. She'd want him to use the kid gloves with Dean. He hasn't done a very good job so far—Dean wasn't the only one who lost his temper just now—but if that's what she wants, that's what she'll get. Even after everything she's done to him, to their boys, even after what she said to him last night, John still loves her more than anything, more than life itself. If it'll make her happy, then yes: he'll do better. He'll lay off for real. Whatever Dean's dealing with, he'll have to deal with it on his own...at least for now.
Jack gives him a startled, uncomfortable look. "I used my powers," he says, slowly. As if he doesn't understand why what he just did is a bad thing. "They were going to kill Dean and Mary."
And slowly but surely, the adrenaline rushes become less frequent. The two of them become comfortable again.
They're only catnaps, but Dean dreams, a little. It's more like letting his mind wander when he's awake. It's okay. He's not sleeping deeply enough for Michael to get to him, and they're not bad dreams. But they are about Dad.
"This is why I left them both alive, you know," we say, before Castiel can call out a warning, and everyone else's heads jerk in our direction. Sam and Dean scramble to their feet. "Dean was right. The great John Winchester is just another escape hatch for me now. He told himself he was doing what was best for his family, but as usual, he was only doing what was best for himself. He thinks he knows best, but he doesn't know anything at all. But you, Dean—you knew all along this is what he would do, didn't you? That's why you didn't tell him. Just another failed attempt at manipulating Daddy so you can get him to do what you want, isn't that right? Because he doesn't love you enough to just listen to you. He doesn't love anyone like he loves
Dean just couldn't hear that back then. He couldn't understand. Their family was all he had. Get rid of that, and what then? There'd be nothing left of him.
"You know why," Sam says pleasantly. "I'm doing this because of you! This is all your fault. I was so desperate, I would have done anything to get rid of Michael and keep you out of that box..."
"Son of a bitch!" Dad snarls, from his place on the operating chair in the infirmary. Blood drips from one nostril. "Are you
"Dean," Cas says again. He reaches out and Dean flinches. Stupid. It's just Cas. He's afraid Cas will drop his hand, but Cas just slows it down, telegraphs his movement before his fingertips touch Dean's jaw. Gently he turns Dean's face towards him. "Why are you so determined to see the worst in yourself?"
," Dean says again, and squeezes his eyes shut. Cas is okay. He knows Cas is okay. So is Sammy. Sammy would
Dean would rather it not come to that. Obviously he'd prefer to die with Michael than to live with him forever at the bottom of the Pacific—if he could figure out how to kill them both in one fell swoop, he'd do it in a heartbeat—but they have no idea if Jack would have a soul left after using up that much power, and Dean's got to put him first. Better for Jack to cool it with the angel stuff for a year or ten years or a thousand, or however long it takes for him to refuel the tank the natural way, and then he can be regular Jack again.
with you." The corner of his mouth turns up. "And because I'll drive your car again, if you like. Smite some more vampires, maybe."
" John shouts, and feels tears pricking at his own eyes at last. He slams his fist against the door of the truck in frustration, once, twice. It doesn't help. "You think I wanted this? To raise two kids on my own and know every minute of every day something was coming for us?" John doesn't even know what's coming for them now. Whatever's wrong with Dean, he knows she won't tell him.
"Why don't you let me clean up this mess, huh?" Dad says. "I don't mind staying awake. I got more sleep than you did, anyway."
"There's plenty of stuff we haven't found ourselves," Dean admits, "and we've been hanging our hats here for, what—" He does some quick mental math as he opens his beer. "Yeah, like six years now."
Well, okay. Dean's not that much of an optimist, but a no is a no. He can't say he isn't disappointed, but he's also a little relieved. It's been years since he blew anybody. He's not sure if he's ready to get back on the horse just yet. Maybe Cas could tell—maybe
Another sharp tug at Mary's hair. We don't have a weapon, but they all know we don't need one. Dean has seen firsthand the kind of violence an archangel can do without moving a muscle. "John," Mary whispers, looking up at us through her lashes, "John, please—"
"Where are you going?" Dad demands from behind them, but Dean can't answer. He thinks he might see Dad turn on Jack, but there's nothing he can do about that, either. "What the hell was that? You just vaporized two dozen..."
Dean tries to keep his head empty and enjoy the fresh air, but he can't help thinking about what happened with Dad. Truth is, he's scared. He doesn't know how to do this, how to be angry at Dad when Dad's here to be angry at, when he still wants to protect Dad so much. He never has.
So it's a movie marathon. Jack's in charge of refreshments, because Dean chains himself to one of the thick cement pillars next to the tables. There's a reason they're not watching these down in the good old Dean Cave, after all—these cuffs held Michael here before, and if the worst happens this will at least buy Jack time.
Dean's not going to wait until Michael's free. That would make everything he's gone through up 'til now all for nothing. He's at the end of his rope. The hallucinations were bad enough, but he can't take—not Sam and Cas. Not that.
Now John understands. Sam's defending her, and the deal she made. Mary wouldn't talk to Dean about it, but— "Your Mom told you what we fought over last night, huh?"
relieved Dean's ever been, but it definitely makes the top five. "You did good today, kid," he says, quiet, just for him. "I'm proud of you."
Dean blinks at him stupidly. This conversation is doing a lot to sober him up very quickly, but he's not there yet. The first thing that comes out of his mouth is, "Well I'm not
Castiel shoots John an annoyed look, like this is somehow all his fault. "Maybe you should get some air."
God, trying to lie to this guy is a joke. Would it kill him to blink? "I just wanted to make you dinner, Cas. Don't make a federal case about it."
And now that that's over, the noise returns, the thunderclap sound of Michael beating against that door, the shrieking tornado wail of him trying to scream Dean's whole body to pieces.
Dean shivers, clutching at Cas's shoulderblades with white knuckles. They shift under his palms with the movement of Cas's hand. Heat crawls up his chest. He doesn't want Cas to stop.
"You see," Castiel says, taking another step forward, "I'm going to give you something you've been asking for all along. Something your wife and sons would never even dream of letting you have."
doesn't win Jack over until about three quarters of the way through the first movie, when Summer Boyce, this installment's pretty blonde Final Girl, almost takes David Yaeger's head off with a fire extinguisher to save her boyfriend Tyler's bacon. "She's going to defeat him," Jack says, with confidence. "I can feel it."
Jack sighs in the long-suffering way that only two-year-old teenagers are capable of. "Maybe if I could get my powers back, so I didn't
, Dean texts back, even though he's not. He knows what Sam is really asking: if it's still Dean behind the wheel, and not Michael.
Cas lifts his eyebrows, raking his eyes over the scene before him. He doesn't have to say a single word for Dean to hear what he's thinking, loud and clear. "Sam needs your help with something."
"No, it's really her—I rebuilt her from the ground up," Dean says proudly. "You'd be surprised how many parts were salvageable." The engine was a lost cause, but the piece of the interior with their initials on it survived the crash, and even though the heating was wrecked, Dean still managed to locate a few of the legos that rattled around in there when you turn it on, and dropped them right back where they belonged. If he swiped a few more from a pawn shop to get the rattle to sound right, well, no one'll ever know but him. The ashtray with the army man stuck in it came out in one piece, he was able to bend the roof back into shape and repaint it, and despite all that broken glass, the seats and upholstery were fine. Dean even saved one of the hubcaps.
"What?" says Dad. "I can stay if I fall in line, that's the deal, right? I'm just getting a beer. Am I
He shouldn't have worried about John telling Dean what Michael showed him. John's not at all afraid of Castiel's empty threats, but now that he's here, and he has the chance to lay it all out on the table? He can't do it. He will never, ever be able to bring up those men, what Dean had to do—not as long as he lives. Maybe that's penance, but mostly it's self-preservation. He can't even think about it, let alone say it. And yet, the knowledge and the guilt is going to torture him for the rest of his life.
He can't handle it. He hurls his bottle against the wall, booze and broken glass flying everywhere, and it reminds him of the lightbulbs shattering when Cas first stepped into his life, and it doesn't help, it's not enough. He turns over the table, all the dirty dishes shattering against the floor, he tears open the drawers, he lays into that kitchen like he'd've laid into Cas if the fucker hadn't gone and died on him. He beats on the furniture the way he'd like to beat on himself. He trashed rooms like this when he was a demon, when he had the Mark of Cain, and it feels the same way: hot and angry and out of his control.
We walk slowly over to Dean, his face upturned and glaring. "You were this close to saving your family," we murmur. "I want you to know that. I truly was going to take this one and leave. Why would you stop me? You admitted to yourself that he's a screw-up, and you don't need him anymore. You were so angry with him for saying yes to me. And you must know how
When Dad does something awful, Dean points the finger at somebody else. Sam or Cas for pissing Dad off, or Jack for not knowing he shouldn't mention Hell, or Mom for putting things on hold. He had to—half the fucking reason Dean hates for Dad to get upset is because he used to take it out on Dean. And it's not like Dean didn't learn that kind of redirection from the best; Dad was always great at blaming other people for his mistakes. Flagstaff isn't the only thing he turned into someone else's fault. Not even close.
The look Dean gives him is still a little scared, but it's tempered by pity. "You're my dad," he tries to explain, as though it's something easy and obvious. "I can't help it. What was I supposed to do?"
. He's family, and Dean does not let family go hungry. Dad could at least use a decent breakfast, if he's going to stay. And Dean wants him to stay. Dean always wants his dad to stay.
John swallows around the lump in his throat. "I get that," he says. He stares down at the dirty plates in the dishwater. He remembers being dead, all hundred-odd years of it. That's why he can't let this go. "I get that, I do, but Sammy, this is
Affection pulses painfully behind Dean's ribs. He didn't hear what Cas asked him, but that's all right. "Anything," he agrees absently. He won't let Michael hurt Cas.
Is Sam goading him? Did Dean tell him what John said? "I never wanted you to sell your soul, Dean," John says. "Never. You know that, don't you?"
. Dean could say whatever he wanted and still get whatever he wanted—whatever that even is—and then in like a week max he'd be spared from ever having to deal with any of the fallout, because he'd be stuck on the ocean floor. The thought of ditching Cas like some cheap prom date makes Dean's stomach turn. He doesn't wanna use Cas like that. But he could. There's nothing stopping him. It doesn't matter about Michael or those other guys; Cas would let him do anything.
"Damn it!" Dean swears. It doesn't work like that. Michael won't honor a deal; Dean learned that the hard way. "Dad said yes. I heard him—in my head, he prayed to Michael—" If it was real—if it was real, please let it not be real, let it be one of Michael's games—
One more time. Dean can do this one more time. Michael's still tired right now. Dean might be a dead man walking, but he is
Mom seems to come to a different conclusion. She gives Dean a little nudge. "He takes good care of you," she decides, nodding at Cas. "Pretty good catch if you ask me."
, Cas. Of all the people I expected to leave me out to dry, you were at the bottom of the list. And now, what—you're just gonna wait around until he busts out of my head and
Of course Cas realizes what Dean's trying to do. "It's all right," he says. "It's all right, Dean, I told you that you don't have to. I know."
Cas pins him to the floor, straddling Dean's waist, one hand bruising both of Dean's wrists, the other raising the archangel blade high. There's tears streaked down his face, and Dean grins at the sight. He's never seen Cas cry before. It's a nice little milestone.
This was why Dean's been avoiding being alone with Cas all day. He was too scared of what might happen. Now he's regretting it. He's so empty now, without Michael. And while that's a welcome change, he doesn't want that to have to mean opening up his bedroom door tonight to find that it's empty too.
"Don't act so shocked," we whisper into the dark. "This was always going to happen. From the moment he came back, this was inevitable."
Oh, Dean hopes not. She and Dad would never get back together then. Dean doesn't want anybody being mean to his dad on his behalf, especially not over the whole Cas thing. That's his shit. He'll deal with it, if the time ever comes where he has to. Still, it's—nice, to know there are people who would stand between him and Dad, if he did want them to. Weird, but nice.
At once, every light in the room bursts, raining down showers of sparks and broken glass. "Don't interrupt me," Castiel warns. His eyes are strange in just the light from the hallway; his silhouette more threatening, when John can't see his human face. "What's wrong with Dean is that he lives in fear of failure. It's that he sees himself as nothing more than a weapon, a blunt instrument to be used by other people. He pushes and pushes himself until his breaking point, until it
Whatever witty thing Dean planned to say next dies on his lips. "Yeah," he mutters. "If you say so." He doesn't know how to tell Cas that he can't help it. Dean's always taken care of his family, and that includes Dad, whether Cas likes it or not. He knew how much Dad was hurting, and with Mom gone, Dad didn't have anyone else. So it fell to Dean to pull Dad's boots off and lay a blanket over his shoulders when he passed out drunk, make him hangover breakfasts in the morning and keep the ibuprofen handy by the bedside table. It was Dean's job to remind him to do things like eat and rest, to stitch him up after a bad hunt, wake him up when he had bad dreams, pull the bottle out of his hands when he had one too many, send Sammy to bed early when it looked like the night was shaping up to go sideways.
," she says into his shoulder, even as she pulls him to her, presses a desperate kiss to his temple. "That's not your job. You're the one who got hurt!"
guests, and Dean's lounging on that with his head tipped back, staring up at the ceiling. Cas comes into view upside-down and looming over Dean, looking concerned. "I don't think you were being entirely truthful with me before," he says. "If something's troubling you, I'd be happy to listen."
and finally, a little explanation about john's "field time" comment - if you count dean as having been in the field since age 4 and sam since he found out about monsters at age 8, they EASILY have more experience than him by the time he gets back. however, i think john thinks of them as not having "officially" started until they went on hunts on their own without a safety net - around age 22 for both of them, in which case john would, in his mind, have more experience. sorry, i'm sure most people wouldn't have noticed or cared, i just thought after it being a subject of discussion last week i'd do the math ahead of time and spare everyone the trouble <3
Dean hears the fridge open and close. "Dean literally can't hear this kind of stuff," Sam says. "He'll defend Dad even if he doesn't want to. It used to piss me off, 'cause I didn't get it, you know? I mean, we were kids. But now that I'm older..."
"Four months," he admits, but that's not the whole truth and it's not going to be enough. "Forty years, downstairs."
Dad gives him a little nod. There's another short silence. Then Dad says, "Well, bet's a bet. Pass me that cake, huh?"
," Cas and Dean both say at once, and Dean meets his eye and then looks away, mortified. For fuck's sake, their little relationship hasn't even hit the one-month milestone and they already need couples' therapy. "No," Cas says again, and dries his hands. "I need to take care of a few things anyway. Perhaps the two of you should talk instead."
Mary wasn't perfect, much as John liked to think of her that way after she died. Far from it. Sometimes she took her ferocity too far; a perceived slight could set off her short temper, protectiveness could turn a little controlling. And she was distant, a lot of the time. She didn't like to let others in. She rarely spoke to John about her childhood, or about her life before she met him. She'd disappear for a couple of days at a time now and then.
"Thought Dean said your kind had wings," Dad says. Cas ignores him. "Unless he was just pulling my leg. You got wings, Castiel?"
, John. Our boys. Their lives were supposed to be better than ours." He feels rather than sees Mary glance over at him in the dark, her expression unreadable. "What else don't I know about?" she whispers. "Did you lock them up? Starve them? Beat them?" She must catch something in his expression, because she presses, "John, did you beat them?"
"Gross," says Dean, but he takes them. It's not even close to the weirdest way he's wrapped up a hot date in this car.
Dean's getting whole sentences now. That's an improvement. "My baby," he mumbles in approval, and Michael's screaming drops another decibel or two. "Shit, I think Dad has my keys. Good luck getting
Wow, isn't that the million-dollar question? "Uh," says Dean. His palms inch up Cas's back to rest on his shoulderblades, bringing them closer together. "Whatever."
"You think there's some kind of catch?" Sam asks. "Like—at midnight he turns back into a pumpkin, or something?"
Well, Dean did warn him he wouldn't like it. The guy thinks Jack is Satan 2.0, and he probably always will, no matter what anyone says, even Mom. But he can think what he wants if he can just keep it to himself. Right now, as far as Dean's concerned, what he does matters a hell of a lot more than how he feels about it.
He can't take Cas looking at him like this. He turns his face into Cas's hand, squeezing his eyes shut. "It wasn't always his fault," he says into Cas's palm. "You can't hate him for what he didn't do."
But they have time to make it better. It's like Dean's baby—no matter how much of a fucked-up wreck things seem like, if you can find even one working part, and you want it bad enough, you can salvage just about anything.
Another voice, male, demands, "Where is he? Is he here?" A pause. "What happened to your face? Did he—"
"No, and with good reason!" Castiel's tone is irate, but not enough to cover his desperation. "Jack, there's never going to be one last time for you. Don't you get that? We've begged you to stop and you won't. There will always be something you think is more important than yourself—that's just the kind of person that you are. But you're my son, and I won't let you risk your soul for anything!"
Well, there's not a dry eye in this house. Dean scrubs furiously at his face, and is gratified to hear Sam sniffling from beside him. Then Sam smacks his shoulder and jerks his head, because yeah, no, they've waited decades for this, and they're not gonna stop now. Time to beat it.
"Things with Billie went sideways," Dean says, once his feet are on the ground. He takes a long look at Sam and Jack: the last people on Earth. "The only thing Cas could think of to do was summon the Empty. He made a deal last year, for Jack. So the Empty took Cas and Billie both."
God. John closes his eyes, remembering the hot sick jealousy he felt just a few minutes ago, watching her play board games with another man's son.
Then one day Sam and Eileen burst in the bunker and Eileen's finally sporting that rock on her finger. "We're getting married!" she says, like it wasn't obvious, and pulls Dean and Cas into a bear hug. Dean's known her for going on five years now and doesn't think he's ever seen her this happy.
"Of course I do," Sam says over him. "I don't want my brother to die. But you know what it's like to be possessed, and that's worse. Being possessed forever, in that coffin, is worse. Dean, can you fight him?"
"Just fine," says Mom. Her eyes widen as she takes in the blood pouring down Dean's neck. "Dean, are
Sam's gonna leave, Dean knows it. Soon as the wedding's over, joint custody is off. Sam and Eileen aren't gonna want to raise their runts in this bunker. Eileen doesn't even like being underground. It's just gonna be Dean and this fake Cas. He has
Dean trudges down the hallway, phone in hand, fingers tapping anxiously against the back. He's just trying to decide if he should text Cas when he opens the door to his room to find that Cas is already standing there, facing away from him, leaning forward to grip the foot of Dean's bed.
"The hell I don't," Dean snaps. He didn't live with the memory of his brother jumping into Hell on the backs of his eyelids for a year for nothing. "But I can't ask Sammy. He can't do it. I can't ask Mom. I sure as hell can't ask Dad. So I'm asking you, because you're all I got. Cas, I am begging you to help me."
there is also one thing i feel merits a warning in the technical sense, but is a spoiler. i'm sure almost everyone is fine without this warning, but if you like to be extremely careful and don't mind ruining the surprise, you can skip to the end notes to see it ahead of time.
This arrangement was more than awkward the first few times. But they've been at it for almost two weeks now and they've got the routine down pat. Cas sits on one side of the bed, Dean hits the lights, pulls off his boots, and collapses on the other, turning on his side so that his forehead touches the outside of Cas's thigh. He sees the momentary glow of Cas's eyes in the dark as Cas rests one hand on Dean's shoulder.
Dean thinks maybe he gets it now, what Cas wants. What Cas has always wanted. Dean just doesn't know how to give it to him. And he wants to give to Cas so badly he almost doesn't know what to do with himself.
Dean finishes eating and considers just going to bed right here and now. Does Cas still want to sleep with him? Does playing for keeps still count when you get angry and reenact the day you almost killed each other? Dean has a phone alarm that he can use, that he was using before everybody found out about the Ma'lak Box, but it's not foolproof; he's so exhausted he might fall asleep too deeply to hear it. Doesn't mean he's feeling up to asking Cas for any more favors.
Mary sighs. "No, sweetheart. It's just been a long time since we've all seen each other. We have a lot to talk about." With this last sentence she pins John with a dark look that he doesn't understand—like somehow whatever's wrong with Dean is his fault. That's not fair. He should be angry with
It was everything John wanted for him, and everything he didn't. Dean's finally a man—but all these years later, he's still hunting. The fight is over. Dean should have gotten out.
John narrows his eyes. Castiel would love that, wouldn't he? Unfortunately for them both, John remains stubbornly alive. But he didn't live through all of that just so his angelic surgeon could let the scalpel slip—so, in the interest of remaining alive enough to be an annoyance to Castiel a little longer, he shuts his mouth. That doesn't mean he's going to let some angel just tell him what to do. John will give it five minutes before he starts swinging. He can fight if he has to, he tells himself, not entirely convincingly. He feels fine.
Oh. It's stupid, maybe, to be attached to a book, especially one Dean can hardly stand to read most of the time, but it's gotten them through a lot of hard years, and Dean had mourned at the idea of it living forever in Dad's bedside table—or worse, Dad taking it with him when he eventually walked out of the bunker. Not only that, but Dean's got a few photos in there he'd have been awfully sore to lose.
There has never been any sound in the whole world sweeter than the purr of Dean's baby after a long period of being apart. Okay, fine, it wasn't even a whole week this time, but somehow to Dean this week has felt like it's gone on for months, and he missed her almost more than he could stand. Dean roars across the thankfully-plowed roads doing 85, feeling more alive than he has since the day he said yes.
Dean doesn't get easy victories. There's no such thing as a big win, not without some kind of cost. A new deal, another string, the other shoe. When you're dealing with devils, you can't be that surprised when they make off with your soul. And Dean's made a lot of pretty raw ones in his time: getting a single year instead of ten before his big trip downstairs, for starters. Saying yes to Michael, and becoming his living, breathing cage. So far, that beats stuffing himself—Michael and all—into the unbreakable Ma'lak Box and getting Sam to drop them both off into the Pacific. So far. Time's ticking on that one. Dean's got a black belt in repression, but even he can only keep an archangel buried for so long. Sooner or later, Michael's gonna bust out of Dean's head, and then take the rest of him for an apocalyptic joyride. Talk about your fine print, right?
. "Here we go," he says. He flips on the lights and John sees a room lined with metal shelving, except for the section of the wall at the back covered glass paneling. There are all sorts of odds and ends poking out of old plastic totes and cardboard boxes. Most of it looks like weapons and ammo. There's a desk and card catalogue by the door, and a very large metal box covered in some kind of warding rests on a coffee table pushed against the back wall, an odd, spiral-shaped gold blade lying on top of it.
"Wound up is what you are," Sam says. "You need to cool off so Michael doesn't bust out of your brain."
It's not what Sam and Cas would want him to do, not by a long shot. They want him to wait until Michael is free, and then try and trap him again—because deep down, they still want to believe they'll find a way to stop Michael from getting free at all. But Dean knows better than to think there's another way out of this mess. He learned the hard way: Michael is inevitable.
"Dean," Sam says again, but Dean leans up and asks Jack what's on the radio, and that's the end of that conversation.
"No!" Sam is breathing harshly through his nose now, eyes bright. "The way we grew up, the way you told Dean everything and kept me in the dark, on a tight leash, this need-to-know basis, like you were waiting for some other shoe to drop, or like I didn't belong—you think I never noticed that I wasn't like other people? Never wondered if there wasn't something wrong with me? You never considered that driving me away from my family, from
With a start Dean realizes Sam's been staying up to watch him and Dad, hoping one of them would go to bed so that they weren't together without Sam there to keep an eye on them. Dean doesn't know whether to be touched or insulted. Mostly he doesn't want Sam to hit Dad again. He knows how hard Sam hits, and he suspects Dad would prefer not to get punched again either. But secretly, deep, deep down, a tiny little part of him is a little glad he's not the only one keeping Dad in check anymore. It was exhausting work. Dean is very tired, and he'd like a little rest.
Cas gives Dean a pleading look. Dean shrugs; Jack's got a point. But when Jack whirls to face him, Dean rearranges his features into something more conspiratorial. "Come on," he says, "I'm sure we can find plenty of trouble to get into around here." And he gives Jack a
One day, around the six-month mark since Cas's return, and three days after Sam and Eileen's wedding, Dean falls asleep on Cas's shoulder again. When he wakes up, he finds that as usual, Cas hasn't moved, except this time to drape a blanket and his arm around Dean's shoulders. Stuff like this has long stopped making Dean's heart race out of his chest. It feels easy, and comfortable. They don't have to worry about getting caught; Sam and Eileen are honeymooning, and they won't be back for a week. It's embarrassing how nice this is. Dean feels so good just lounging right there he could almost cry.
John drags himself up the last of the stairs. He looks at us, and opens his mouth—like there's something he wants to say to Dean. And Dean wants him to. He's terrified of the inevitable rejection and he wants to get it over with. He thinks:
It's the oldest sound, the worst sound; it's the sound Dean's had nightmares about since he was four. Michael, so close to victory now, conjures up a vision of Dean's mom burning on the ceiling, her eyes locked on his in helpless horror. It's the original monster under the bed, the night that taught Dean what fear was, the moment that first robbed Dean of his voice. It's an image meant to break him so Michael can finally be free.
Later that night, after a celebratory dinner and beer, after Sam and Eileen have hit the hay, Cas finds Dean down in the Dean Cave. The La-Z-Boys have long been joined by a giant sofa capable of seating their entire little bunker family
Dean is, in fact, screaming his denial at this very moment—he would be happy enough to die, but not if it meant Jack losing his soul. But Jack cares more about killing us than he does his own safety; it's not information we can manipulate him with. "Aim carefully," we warn him instead, and inch the blade up Sam's throat so that the point forces him to lift his chin, to look up. "If you hit Sam, you'll lose them both. Not that you'll care, once your soul is gone."
Suddenly too furious to look at Sam for even one more second, Dean shoves out of his chair, snatches up the trash bag, and stalks into the kitchen without so much as looking up at Cas as he cuts through the war room. As if dying as Michael's bitch
Fast steps down the staircase. Dean abandons the potatoes and beats it for the door. A second after he vanishes John hears him say, in a low and terribly urgent tone, "
. He and Dad glare daggers at each other, and it's strange, because Dean's used to them fighting, but not over him. Normally when they fight they forget that he's in the room at all.
Sam takes one last longing look at his phone, but no new messages seem forthcoming at the moment. He heaves a long-suffering sigh. "Guess we're both due for a break," he relents, and takes up Mary's abandoned seat. He gestures shortly for John to sit too. John can't say he loves the attitude, but he'll put up and shut up if it gets him an explanation about anything that's gone on while he was dead.
"Yeah, and when you told me that I listened!" Dean tosses the trash bag down, a little too forcefully, and tries not to shout. He has to keep the noise low so they aren't overheard. "Now I'm telling you—this isn't what I want. But it
In the old days, John would have, without a second thought, followed Dean and shaken the answers out of him even if it killed them both. Of course, in the old days, Dean wouldn't have even considered hiding something so big from John. Things are different now. John feels like he's on probation; one wrong move, and—
"I'm half-archangel," Jack reminds them. "At least, I used to be. If I used my powers, I could definitely stab Dean."
One thing Dean has noticed though is that Cas doesn't touch him anymore, not unless it's strictly business. To patch up a wound or get him out of harm's way, sure, but there's no more casual shoulder-clapping or arm-grabbing. Dean's surprised at how much he misses it. Cas was dead for a year, and relatively speaking he was only back for a hot second before he backed off like this. It takes Dean a little while to realize it's because he waved Cas away when he was drunk. They were talking about the gay thing at the time, so maybe Cas saw that as a wholesale rejection and didn't want to be a creep.
," says Dean, both deeply confused and vaguely grossed out. "Sam, what the fuck? You don't even like sugar."
," Dean says. "Oh my God, I can drive! No more Michael waiting to steal my baby and take her for a joyride!
John narrows his eyes. Does Dean mean he's trying to protect John from something? That's not his job. "Dean—"
But "even" could also mean they're actually gonna do this thing. Dean doesn't know how he feels about that. He wants to give to Cas, and now he knows why, but he doesn't know how much.
"It's not all bad," Dean protests. "I'm happy here. I like what we do. I mean, don't get me wrong, the
Dean can be one scary son of a bitch when he puts his mind to it, and he figures by now he's scared Cas enough. So he starts to let go and back off. But to his surprise, Cas's hand flies up to catch his wrist, and keep him right where he's at. Dean gave him too little credit; when Cas meets his eyes, he's unafraid.
. Back then they felt almost like the same thing. Hell, maybe Sam found the clinic and hacked their patient records. Dean wouldn't put it past him. Either way, it's bad news.
Somehow it still doesn't feel like enough. Cas said he was okay, that they were good, but Dean still gets the feeling that he owes Cas one.
we gank the Holy Roller in my grapefruit. So!" Dean claps his hands together. "How do we kill an archangel without another archangel?"
have a problem," and then get up in John's face about it while he listed off his grievances. But Dean's not like Sam. Whatever courage he summoned up for that bit of backtalk is starting to fail him. He averts his eyes in deference, jaw working furiously, and says, "No sir. I'm sorry, I know you had good reasons. But I do too. You just gotta trust me."
Sammy is the next one to come down, still in his pajamas, with his bare feet and his hair in all directions make a mess.
"I know we had that hunt scheduled for today, but now that they've arrived I think you want to spend more time with them" he closes his backpack where he had just put all his stuff, and places it on his back.
The demon was alone with a soul that looked like it had just arrived in hell for the little damage inflicted on his soul.
"No, no, no, no, don't run," he approaches slowly but confidently, knowing that this soul will not escape, just like the others, "There is no need to try to run here."
"Yes," he blinks and continues. "I parked it four blocks away." He raises his arm and points the way they came.
"Hi, I'm Sam, is your name biblical? I've never heard it before" Sam is the first to speak, putting his book aside and leaning in the direction of the newcomers.
Anyway, writing notes at the ends of a chapter helps me. It's not necessary for you to read this, only with writing it I feel a little bit better.
With a little jump he lies down on the bed, closes his eyes and loses himself in the music for almost two hours.
"I'm sorry," Castiel whispers the instant the man dies, recognizing in his eyes that his conscious and human part did not know all the damage he did.
When Bobby parks in front of his house, Castiel stops his Pimpmobile behind him, turns it off, takes his navy blue cloth backpack from the passenger seat and enters the house, closing the door behind him.
"Nothing to worry about, Dean. She just broached the subject of mothers and I had to tell her that, well, I only have you and Dad. That kind of weird, pity." Sam just sits there and Dean doesn't know what to say.
"I'm not hungry," he says, looking away, the taste of the molecules still in his memory. Bobby stares at him for a second, but takes a sip of his beer and nods, thinking about leaving some food outside anyway.
"I like it," he's still looking at the drawing and then he takes it when the older one hands it to him "I hope we meet again soon. I feel we could be friends, maybe best friends."
He's in the room and trying not to think about anything he finds a cassette on the small nightstand at the foot of the opposite bed.
"Come on, it's not that bad. I'm sure you'll love it, Cas," Denisse drags Fatima in the same position and Victoria just smiles softly shaking her head from side to side.
I was starting to feel pretty good with me (running, reading, cooking and playing the piano) and my self-esteem was a lot better, but suddenly I hit the ground and well... I've been listening music, watching Star Wars 1-6 (again) and drinking a lot of tea and coffee so... It has been a rough couple of weeks, I know this is gonna pass but it's still tough get trough it.
At a speed he wouldn't be able to go without his mojo he's headed for the last hunt he's gonna make before setting foot in the mess the Apocalypse is.
"Keep the rest, thanks," Jimmy walks out the door and through the window he can see him kiss a woman, take her by the hand and disappear from sight.
"Man, you look too much alike" Dean steps away to prepare the order from the Castiel-like man and tries to simply concentrate on the steps he has to follow which are written down on little colorful postics stuck everywhere.
He is about to hide his gun, but he's forced to look up finding an average white American man, wearing a blue shirt hidden by a flannel and light brown vest; a scruffy beard, a cap just as dirty as the rest of his clothes and a gun aimed at Castiel. The angel recognizes him, so he slowly raises his hands trying not to look like a threat even though he can't hurt him.
