John looked around them: it was a nice table, probably the nicest Angelo had. And the candles all around the table lit it well enough, so they didn't necessarily
He blinked. "How am I supposed to do that? A potter can't be expected to make pots without clay, and a detective can't make deductions without facts. You seem to be the man with the facts at the moment, so I asked you. Fat lot of good
Will chuckled. "Would it make me a horrible person if I said that's a part of why I wrote it like that?" he asked.
Sherlock's eyes slid sideways, glancing at the laptop screen, even though he'd memorised the statement already. "Violently," he answered, suddenly not enough breath in his lungs. "He took control, pushed her up against the bar. And that's when the witness -"
"No," the policeman interrupted. "We never had them. They weren't in the changing room."
John raises an eyebrow. "Would you? That's a bit nosey." He keeps his tone carefully cordial, enjoying the way the vein in the elder Holmes' temple jumps and stutters, the only indication he gives that he is starting to lose his temper. Sherlock stops running resin over his bow, his smirk broadening into a grin.
"Yes," Julien agreed, watching the blonde man walk away with an odd, amused smile on his face. "I'm sure you will."
John hesitated for only the tiniest of seconds before Sherlock made an insistent gesture towards the only chair, and he sat. His friend let his eyes slide closed once more, but only took a long, slow breath in and out before throwing them wide open again and leaping to his feet with a sudden surge of energy.
"Don't be," the detective said, still frowning at him. He paused for long enough that John began to suspect he had lost his thread of reasoning and wasn't sure what to say next, before he took a sharp breath in and skittered off back to the armchair. "If that isn't evidence enough for you, Constable, there is a splash of blood on the chair in which Lady Brackenstall was sitting - the one she claims to have been tied to when her husband was murdered," he said, quickly recovering his composure. "Old blood would surely have worn off the seat by now, even if no-one had cleaned it, and in a house like this that's unlikely. It can only be Lord Brackenstall's, which means that she couldn't have been sitting there when he was killed."
usually submissive? Hadn't
Sherlock took a deep breath. "There must be a link we're missing," he said slowly, as though forcing himself to be calm. "Someone, some
Julien smirked. "Not that you'd know this from experience, because you obviously don't have any," he said gently. "Experience, that is. Sexually." His green eyes flicked up to meet Sherlock's shocked grey ones and his smirk widened in amusement.
Sherlock nonetheless gave a positively
John blinked in surprise. "
One day he would like to undress John himself, slowly and reverently, kissing and scrutinising every inch of skin as he revealed it. Right now he just needed skin on skin, touch and warmth and friction, needed to get rid of the frenzied pulse of arousal so that they could build it up again slowly. He didn't think he had ever undressed faster, not even the time someone had let a scorpion loose in his clothes.
he tried.
"Well, off you go." She waved a hand tiredly at the door. Sherlock gave Margaret a despairing glance; once upon a time, she had sympathised with the favouritism Vienna showed her eldest son and tried to encourage her to interest herself in Sherlock. She hadn't got very far, but it had been comforting to know someone was trying. Now she just shrugged and looked pointedly at the door. He supposed he must have lost her support when he stopped wanting to be a pirate.
"Oh, yes," in response to her question. John bit his lip and weathered the collaboration between the two scientists in silence until the door swung open behind Molly.
Really there's just as much if not more noise back on Baker Street, but for some reason Sherlock seems to find it easier to block out the background stuff there but curling into a foetal ball on the sofa or creating louder noise himself. Or both, as is often the case.
? I have a theory, and I'd be surprised if I'm wrong. But I'm not
. "Her Majesty obviously disapproved of him," he added. "Men like that do not come with impeccable manners."
finished talking about me behind my back," Sherlock's voice echoed from the sitting room, not without a trace of amusement. John looked at Lestrade and shared a smile.
Not wanting to push Sherlock somewhere he doesn't want to go, John starts on the buttons of his own shirt first; he's managed to get two of them undone before Sherlock makes a noise of impatience and pushes his hands out of the way, tugging on the shirt until the rest of the buttons give. "I want to see you," he says in reply to the sort of stunned look John realises he must be giving him. "And I want you to see me."
I do," he almost shouted. "Mercury. Close to the sun, surface temperature…" the Doctor brought a finger to his mouth, sucked on it obscenely for a moment, then held it to the air. "Three hundred degrees at the moment, but when this side faces away from the sun it'll drop down to almost -200. Planetary mass is 5.5% of Earth's mass, diameter of 4,878 kilometres at the equator, 58.6 Earth days to one Mercurian day. No life at the moment – not even an atmosphere, but there will be in a million years or so. No," he said quickly, noticing the hopeful look that Sherlock hadn't been able to eradicate in time, "we can't go there. Even in a time machine it's too risky. See, stars that become suns, like this one," he flapped a hand at the hulking orange globe on the horizon that Sherlock had already surmised was the sun, "they have a limited lifespan like this, and then they expand into what they call 'red giants'. The Galactic Trust held this sun back with a forcefield for thousands of years to preserve and evacuate the Earth, but eventually their funding ran out and they had to let it go. Life on Mercury had quite literally
After he was finished, he reached desperately for Joe, who gasped his name after only a few strokes, wrapping tanned arms tightly around him as he shook out his climax.
The boy drew John's finger down and reached with it underneath his t-shirt to draw wet circles around John's nipple, occasionally descending to flick across the nub, sending sparks through John's groin and making him rock his hips down faster.
Helplessly, unable to resist, Sherlock put his fingers to his lips and licked the salty fluid away from them. He hadn't expected it to taste any different from his own, but surprisingly it did, slightly sweet and
Fill'd it with cursing cries and deep exclaims.
The barman looked up at him and grinned, trying unsuccessfully to keep the relief off his broad face. "Sherlock!" he returned, just as enthusiastically, as if they were old friends. "Good to see you! Scotch neat, is it?"
"I was hoping you'd say that," he said, grinning. Sherlock's face split into a disbelieving grin. John laughed delightedly and tucked himself back against him. "You're the most incredible person I've ever met," he reassured the other boy, "and I've spent a fair bit of time with Harry Potter."
They continued walking in silence for a moment, Sherlock clearly deep in thought. "What are you actually expecting to
For some reason, the words from Sherlock's mouth made John's own stomach drop uncomfortably. "
at this. Sherlock had kissed a fair few people in his time, but most of them had only done it as an intermediary step, a means to an end. John kissed as though he had all the time in the world, as though he had no further intention, no expectations, as though he could make Sherlock come from this alone.
Sherlock dropped the box of teabags, the little packets skittering gleefully across the kitchen floor. "What?" he asked before he could stop himself.
He gently shifts his lips against the detective's, opening them slightly and breathing gently into his mouth. He remembers he must taste like beer, but he can feel Sherlock's free hand clenching and unclenching against his leg and the other man's breathing accelerates slightly. He wonders if his entire judgment of the experience is going to be based on Sherlock's minute shifts in body-language. He closes his mouth again, catching Sherlock's lower lip between his own and clamping down on it gently.
" John protested, "absolutely not, but I –"
John stopped for a moment, thinking that over. He'd heard a lot from Will about how fussy Holmes was, how many productions he'd turned down. Was he saying that he had decided to do the play after meeting John, without seeing him act or seeing the rest of the cast? He couldn't help but find that touching, whether it was as big a deal as the playwright had made out or not. And, naturally, with the sudden rush of warm feelings, his anger faded. "Thank you," he said instead. "Will'll be delighted. He should be around somewhere." He looked around, but caught sight of Ben instead, gingerly pulling a shirt on over his body-paint. "Molly! Come over here for a minute," he called.
He sighed in comfort: Sherlock was warm and smelled of Starfleet-issue soap and sweat, dimensions that had somehow been missing from the castle, though he hadn't noticed it at the time. His friend's arms slid tightly around him, and John could feel him smiling against the top of his head. "Whatever do you think she meant by hanky-panky?" he said, the tone of amusement in his voice vibrating against John's hair. "It's like she thinks we had some kind of romantic awakening back there."
they all are."
Sherlock swallowed, looking up at Hannah and Marchbanks. They had both taken note of his situation; Marchbanks was stepping surreptitiously away from him and Hannah was staring, wide-eyed and fearful. He took a deep breath. "Both of you, get out of here," he said calmly. "We know they're in this room, get back upstairs and get out of the building with everyone else."
he said, like this
Sherlock's expression wordlessly squashed the suggestion. "The only other thing they took came from the room they broke into, like they just grabbed the first thing they saw," he rebutted, frowning intently. "If they'd wanted money, why did they throw the silver in the pond and then bypass the rest of the valuables in this room for Lady Brackenstall's jewellery in another room, risking waking more servants?"
The brunette had been in Sherlock's Physics class the year before; bright, but too arrogant to ever truly do well. Now he looked ever-so-slightly dazed in the face of Julien's openly flirtatious manner; Sherlock understood quite well his reaction to the look in those green eyes that threatened to eat the receiver alive. Julien grinned. "Sherlock. You must know Sebastian."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes; the Constable's cheeks darkened and he refused to meet them. "Didn't he?" he said loftily. "How nauseating. Come on, John."
He wasn't entirely sure that he could, but John nodded anyway. "I won't be long," he assured his friend, wondering whether Sherlock would even notice his presence or absence once he got into sorting through his thoughts. "There's not really much I can tell them."
Biting his lip in sympathy, John reaches forward and draws the detective's hand away from his head. "Come here," he says gently. It's not the first time Sherlock's complained of a headache, and he supposes he shouldn't be surprised: a head the size of his flatmate's must suffer from gargantuan aches. "You're probably dehydrated," he says, brushing his own fingers against Sherlock's forehead. "How much have you had to drink today?"
. He wondered how much of it she saw in him.
Sherlock shook his head. "It's not the same." He hesitated for a moment, then drew a deep breath in. "You're welcome to come back," he said tentatively. "I mean… we could meld again. If you wanted."
But John heard nothing. Sherlock asked him a few months after they began their relationship, once they became comfortable enough around each other sexually to mention times before each other. He wasn't terribly surprised: Sherlock has a way with noise and emotion, where he either stays completely silent – for days on end, as he warned John the first day they met – or makes so much unnecessary noise that people on the street outside turn and stare at the upstairs windows. John will one day let slip to Sherlock that he likes the quiet days better; as much as he enjoys hearing every little exclamation and wanton scream of pleasure, it's the tiny gasps and sighs and hitches of breath that escape when he's in a silent mood that betray the effect John has never managed to not have on him.
"She's Elizabeth's daughter," he continued, his deep voice tinged with impatience. "That means that she could be next in line for the throne. Her Majesty is ill, which means there's a very real chance she might soon become Queen. Everyone who has a shot at the throne will want her out of the way, along with every enemy Elizabeth currently has. And even Mycroft just doesn't
He held out a hand and Lestrade filled it with a pair of latex gloves; Sherlock bent and peeled the condom away from the man's penis. "Do we have ID?" he asked.
Thanks again to
The detective frowned. "Maybe she isn't," he speculated. "Maybe she's in hiding, voluntarily - she was certainly free enough to impersonate Lady Brackenstall almost a sevennight after she 'disappeared'."
The clown asked, but it did not sound as though he was talking about the forthcoming song.
"I've actually never met Anne," he said thoughtfully. "I don't think he wants me to, even now. Well, now I don't think
The British Government straightens his tie and smiles ruefully. "Friday morning tea," he explains. "It happens every week. I usually decline to put in an appearance, but this morning Lord Trelawney-Hope insisted that we invite the two of you along, and so it would have been rude of me not to turn up."
Sherlock grabbed the back of John's head and pulled it down into another rough kiss, their teeth clacking painfully together, long fingers dragging through the hair at the nape of his neck. John whimpered, his fingers curling automatically, bunching the fabric of Sherlock's shirt – not cotton, he thought, something more expensive. The boy had the exotic look of someone born into money, but he wore it well; so many of the Cuxton students that John had seen at the pool yesterday simply seemed snobbish. Sherlock wore the wealth he had inherited as though it really did not matter.
," Shakespeare cried, kissing both of their cheeks and almost crying with excitement. "If I could
Speak of the Devil, and He shall appear. Sherlock visibly holds back the groan. "Sherlock," the government official greets calmly. "John."
unlikely that this role-play was going to cause the breakthrough that solved the case.
"Considering I've got Mr O'Doherty, I don't think that'll be too much of a hardship." John chuckled as they parted ways. The Biology labs were on the bottom floor of the Tower building, so he hotfooted it down the stairs as fast as he could. Ms Roper didn't like latecomers.
The detective actually reached out and pushed him away slightly as he retorted. "
- the first time we got everyone together and ran the entire play, I had to completely revise my picture of his character because of the way everyone else treated him."
John blinked at him for a moment. Then he sighed in slow-motion, an elongated breath in and a pause and an elongated breath out. "Fine," he said calmly. "I'll check the blog in the morning, then."
he cried.
I look at him quickly. "I left it on the coffee table, didn't you pick it up?"
John feels compelled to add, "I think you might be underestimating your wife, though, Mr St. Claire. She loves you very much."
Sherlock wasn't sure what he had expected from an oxygen forest, but the white domed ceiling definitely wasn't it. The walls of the place curved steeply upwards into a huge dome that must have looked fairly spectacular from above, arching out of the red soil. More unnerving, however, was that the light in the dome seemed to be emitted by whatever the walls were made of, casting a slightly unhealthy, artificial pallor on the great trees. Other than that, it looked like a conventional 'Old Earth' forest, like it had been transplanted straight from the middle of rural England.
The two women had stopped outside another door and were watching them expectantly. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Fine," he replied archly. "Are we going in?"
He nodded, understanding. There had been men like that in the army. "And then she dismissed him, like Mycroft said, and he's kidnapped Carfax to try and get back at her," he finished.
he asked in outrage.
John wondered for a moment why it was acceptable for Antonio to be so obviously head over heels for Sebastian, why that love could be spoken and acknowledged, but Orsino and Cesario needed to be so confusing for the audience that they didn't know whether they were disgusted or aroused.
despite its author's preference for another name. "I'll be there," he said instead. He found the idea of Sherlock and his more official counterparts investigating the case without him strangely panicking, as though without him they were likely to miss something that he would be able to pick up on.
This is the other problem. Really, this has been possibly more bother than the case; the fact that every time John's in the room I remember what happened between us and then I can't think about anything else. I've hidden more erections from him since then than I'd even
Donovan, but he did have to admit that she was a passable officer. Lestrade grinned at him. "Go on, then," he said, sighing as though it was the last thing he wanted.
"No, I know you wouldn't," the man said offhandedly. "It wasn't made for the human tongue, there are sounds in it you physically couldn't produce."
The teacher groaned startlingly loudly before clapping his own hand over his mouth. "You've done this before," he accused.
"I've known him, what, three days now?" John replied, trying to sound dismissive. The fact that he had to
"And then make them really really angry," the Doctor finished. "I doubt we'd get a chance to intimidate the swarm around you before they killed you just for retribution." Sherlock looked down at his extra shadow and frowned at it. It hadn't killed him so far. It had had plenty of time. He couldn't help but feel as though it was
Sherlock finished, with a look as though John was being incredibly childish. He chuckled and followed his friend out the door and back into the inn's front room.
Miracle nodded, not looking surprised. "I heard that she went missing after her husband died. Terrible business. I'm not certain I can give you any information you don't already have, Constable."
The playwright shook his head wryly. "The worst part is, I think he's right," he said, sounding rueful. "I got so irritated that he insisted on calling it
"You're a regular Sherlock Holmes, aren't you?" a voice behind him said brightly. Sherlock spun around; leaning against a till was a skinny young man with a bow-tie and an innocuous, boyish grin.
Grieg's head hit the back of his chair as he let all his breath out in a
But, would you undertake another suit,
John released his nipples with a last tweak and slid further down his body. "I don't think so," he replied easily, flipping Sherlock a nonchalant smile. "I think he'd have made her come like this before he took her."
To John's surprise, soft applause broke out from the doorway. He spun around sharply, expecting the inkeep or even Will to be there, but he didn't recognise the tall, thin stranger leaning casually against the doorframe, swinging a long black umbrella idly. He flushed instead, clutching the cue-script to his chest as though it could defend him from the dryly amused and slightly condescending look the stranger was directing at him.
Grieg cleared his throat again. "Sherlock," he said, firmer this time. To his surprise, Sherlock felt his already half-hard cock twitch at the stern note of command. "Sherlock, look at me."
intention was always clear,
Lestrade gave him a stern look before he could say anything else; Charlotte stood up abruptly, her face draining of colour. "
The kiss is frantic, their hands reaching for each other as though each is afraid the other will let him go, tongues and teeth and fingertips a desperate mess as John tries to stop his heart from climbing out of his throat. They'd promised this wouldn't happen. And what does it say about them that it
"It'd be worth it," Sherlock retaliated, and leaned down to kiss him.
, that would suggest it was one of the Ladies in disguise - but if Sherlock Holmes, surely looking just as hard, could not find anything, then what hope did John have?
John nodded.
With that said, he leaned heavily against Sherlock and closed his eyes with his face buried in Sherlock's coat. Sherlock wasn't sure whether the gesture signified the intent to fall asleep or merely to breathe in the smell of London and Sherlock that the Belstaff seemed to have imbibed, but he left him to it anyway. He tried to will away his erection, but with the weight of John against his side it seemed rather determined to stick around, so he let it be. It would be useful later, he thought with a tiny smirk and a swoop of his stomach.
he said brightly, pushing himself back to his feet.
John screams, not caring whether the detective can hear him because surely he knows what John's doing; he comes hard, and for a moment he forgets the disappointment and the gut-wrenching conclusion and just remembers what it was like to
"Nicely handled, Master Watson," the detective said dryly, smirking at John as they left the building.
"Don't deny it, John, I know you want him," Sherlock said, stilling himself with cold fury to look John heavily in the eye. "I know you think about it, like being the one he looks up to, the one he admires so much. And he'd let you if you tried, but you never will because you think you're nobler than that, while all the while you're driving him insane wondering whether you'll ever make a move. It's not nobility John, it's cowardice."
Sherlock tried valiantly to hold back the noise tearing out of his throat as his free hand clenched against John's back and his cock pulsed and spurted into the handkerchief, throwing his head back and dislodging John's teeth from his neck.
The man nodded. "Five in total, from a sizeable collection."
He missed John. The look on that strong face when he stepped out onto another planet would have made everything worthwhile.
women there."
given and received a blowjob before."
leaked from every room, even the ones clearly designed for the recollection of facts. Much of it was a dark, often frightening sentiment - the shadowy office that seemed to stretch on forever in particular John had shied away from - but they were
Kissing Sherlock like this - slowly and gently, like it meant something more than furious arousal at least partly brought on by frustration and jealousy - was completely unlike what they had just done, and it sent a whole new frisson of feeling down John's spine. A rush of affection for his friend flooded through him and he smiled into Sherlock's lips, tucking one hand around the other man's waist and tugging the rest of their bodies together. Sherlock hummed in contentment.
The lanky detective stutters in fright and steps back, breaking the contact abruptly. "John!"
He started by searching the room thoroughly for the shoes. Judging by the rest of the clothes – a white t-shirt and a branded pair of trackpants – he was looking for sneakers, probably white, most likely in the big style that was apparently fashionable. After he was confident that the shoes weren't in the changing room, he started on the clothes.
John released his hold on the thief, letting him fall completely onto the cobblestones. "Yeah, Will mentioned you'd be coming. Can I ask when? Our Puck is a fan of yours, he'll probably want some warning."
"But you got two of them," he protests. John rolls his eyes.
He couldn't help but wonder when Sherlock had apparently memorised
"Don't, John. Don't try and figure out what's wrong. Just let him be for a bit, he obviously wants you to back off him a little," Bill interrupted his thoughts. "You
Jim's sheer
Conversations with Sherlock never went the way he wanted them to. Every time he tried to be angry with the detective, he somehow managed to twist things so that John would feel sorry for him, or admire him, or laugh with him, and all the purpose he had invested in the conversation drains away from him. He realises, when he thinks about the kiss again, that if Sherlock
laugh with her the way you laugh with me only I'm not there to see it, but it's
"I don't understand," Hannah continued as they set off back down the Maintenance hallways. "We've had people in there for at least a year now, gardeners and such. If there have always been Vash… whatever they are in there, why did people only start dying last week?"
He struggled to phrase his reasons for not going in ways that Bill wouldn't immediately reject, but it was hard: he had definitely picked the weaker argument. And yet his most compelling thought when he imagined meeting Sherlock, promising something long-term, was an overwhelming sense of not being
John and Bill exchanged
Sherlock snorted, an almost bitter expression on his face. Lestrade rolled his eyes impatiently. "You
For a moment Sherlock hesitated, and John thought he might relent; then he let out a sound of frustration. "I have to," he apologised, turning to Peters with determination. "Move out of my way or I will move you myself."
"A lot of Shakespeare's work is quite unique," Sherlock continued, watching the playwright almost hit his forehead on the table as he laughed. "I recognise that he draws inspiration from other sources, but the way that he puts them together is different from what everyone else is doing." The two of them stared at Will for a moment. "I think if anything from this time survives thousands of years into the future, it could well be the work of William Shakespeare."
a copy somewhere, but this one is mine," I counter, pulling it into my lap. Actually, this copy is covered in his handwriting from university, and it's the only copy in the flat, but I want something that's
John looked back at his boyfriend and smiled cheerfully. "Keep your computer on."
The music changed to something slower, less frantic; John gave his speakers a tiny glance before smirking confidently at Sherlock. "How about that drink?" he asked.
The detective shyly took his hand as though preparing to dance, allowing John to pull him close.
John realises that this means if the newcomer had been on time, he and Sherlock would likely have walked right into the middle of it. He sends a quick prayer to the God he suddenly believes in to thank Him for –
"Oh – here," cut in a firm, solid voice that again pulled on the tinkly bell of memory at the back of Sherlock's head. "Use mine."
is a term for short, quick back-and-forth lines, and this scene is possibly the only Shakespearean exchange to which I would apply it.
Sherlock straightened, letting his muscles relax after the shock of bracing for the explosion underground. "You must have typed something wrong," he said softly. He didn't intend to sound superior or gloating, but he winced to hear the notes of the emotions in his voice anyway.
going to be a good day."
"It's worth a try," John insisted, shaking out his arms as though preparing for heavy lifting.
"Do you think Lestrade knows about Lady Carfax?" he asked.
"I've always wanted to go to Dublin," Bill voiced, slightly whimsically. John grimaced.
" Sherlock answered immediately, catching the Keeper's hand in his own and holding it to his heart. "I love you too."
"I thought two women were missing and there wasn't time to play games," John quipped. Sherlock gave him a glare clearly designed to peel paint. John raised a flippant eyebrow in response; he'd thought that was a valid point, no matter Sherlock's reasons for making it in the first place.
he whispered.
He hangs up, turning to look at Sherlock, beaming. "Lucas eloped with a woman in France ten years ago. She just turned up at NSY and confessed to killing him in a fit of jealousy after seeing him with another woman. I need you to clear the scene, sorry, Sherlock."
Sherlock was sitting at a wooden desk, spreading butter over a roll of bread. He smiled up at John when he entered, glancing with considerable interest around the place where his friend lived.
Sherlock continued, echoing the tone of voice.
He kept walking, leaving John to wonder why, if his brother's seduction of the Constable bothered him so much, he didn't just walk back into the room and remove Lestrade. He wondered briefly whether he ought to go in there himself, but decided that the Constable could most likely take care of himself.
"It is a shithole."
him to socialise with the rest of them.
to each other in a way that makes the subtext not only obvious but
Again, thanks to
The door was unlocked, and nobody answered when he knocked, so he opened the door and walked in.
to hunt until three weeks ago, but this forest is too artificial to have its own ecosystem besides the trees."
I rub at my eyes with the heels of my hands as though I could manually erase the memories. John would ask me why I couldn't just
"My life upon't, young though thou art, thine eye
Sherlock hummed, but he sounded thoughtful. "Actually, from our parts in the first act, I'm not certain the romance between Viola and Orsino - that's my character and yours, I don't know how much you know about the play - is the centre of the story. It seems quite likely that the romance plotline between Viola and Olivia will be more developed."
The faculty manager's office was down a seemingly never-ending corridor practically straight opposite the maintenance hallways. The main corridor was almost deserted compared to the swell they had had to fight through the first time. Sherlock checked his watch to see whether they had caught the hallway right between lectures, but unsurprisingly the device was still resolutely telling him that it was almost midnight on the 5th of May 2015. He'd always wondered what happened to the wristwatches of people who time-travelled as a child. Apparently they simply didn't notice.
"Right," John said slowly, not trying to hide the smile at the thought of having cue-scripts for the play - the first glimpse of a new work always thrilled him."I haven't got any -"
They broke apart at the sound of Bill's obnoxious voice, but Timmy's thin fingers clutched onto John's jacket to keep him close. The redhead stood by the departure gate, his arm around his wife, grinning as she held onto him as though he were going away for a simple holiday. John couldn't help but smile. "It's time."
He said it playfully, as much the teasing master as the jealous suitor, but Sherlock did not miss the slightly bitter undertone to the words. He paused for a moment as though considering his words, and John marvelled for a moment at the sheer complexity of the emotion crossing his friend's angular face. The highest tier of their audience would surely see that Sherlock was besotted with the man before him, and yet John had no trouble believing that Orsino would miss it, completely absorbed in his own wretched longings.
John asked when Sherlock's voice had faded.
Eyes turned to John and Sherlock; he guessed that either Will or Ben would have mentioned that they had been working together. He glanced up at his best friend, who was grinning at Ben in amused resignation.
Sherlock turned to face him, a look on his angular face as though not daring to hope; he saw the hand outstretched and took it in both of his own, clasping it tightly to his breast.
Milverton gets up and now John, too, is straining to see the newcomer. "About bloody time," the criminal growls, his voice deep and rough. "You're almost half an hour late."
had he been able to hear it.
" he growled, leaning forwards over the table and thankfully lowering his voice to a dramatic stage-whisper, "has skipped class for a lusty rendezvous with a girl who I'm assuming is not his goody-two-shoes girlfriend."
"Of course," John finishes. "And I'll go find Mycroft and excuse us, too. You just breathe." To his surprise, John has to bite his cheek before some kind of pet name slips out of his mouth as well.
Sherlock turned his nose up at him.
John looks at me as Lestrade gets up and meanders frighteningly slowly out of the room. As soon as he's out of sight, I leap into action. "Come on, John, help me up with the carpet." We pull at it until the square of floor is exposed; hurriedly, I start tapping on the floorboards. One of them has to be loose,
for checking over this chapter for a few historical inaccuracies.
"I am going to die."
"Stop."
he thought.
he snapped, standing over John and glaring at him as the audience propped him back onto his feet with a few muttered bawdy comments,
When he's recovered from the shock of Sherlock's sudden cultural knowledge, he shrugs. "I'm just saying. People are afraid of genius because they don't understand it, so they'll try to fix it. Genius is in the minority, like homosexuals, so they must be wrong."
can give you that she can't, too, and I've never lived here without you and I don't want to start now because
Doctor Watson shook his head dismissively. "I want the journal," he said firmly. "That journal of somebody Holmes that he was looking at when you walked in."
people like the teacher: people who went into life prepared and eager to make connections with others, prepared to love and to lose, to be happy and to be hurt in varying and uncertain proportions. People like
John glares at him for a bit before giving in to the urge to giggle. "Your
Sherlock snorted; John watched as his body seemed to unfold as his tension released. "He seems to like us just fine," he said wryly.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow as though to indicate boredom at the love story, his chin now resting on one hand, a long finger stroking thoughtfully over his lips. His eyes were piercingly intent as he gazed at the sailor.
Lestrade hurried over to him, checking for signs of epilepsy or life-threatening injury in case it would be better not to touch him but finding none, and hearing his knees crack in protest as he knelt and gently eased the man onto his back.
a trembling virgin who didn't even dare to touch himself in the fumblier phases of puberty. The sheer
"I would, if I weren't afraid
He didn't ask who the Shadow Proclamation were. They sounded something like the UN. "Well, then," he said lightly, leaning against the desk. "Lucky for us you're a genius, isn't it?"
At the crash, the figure on the bed – on it, John notes, not in it, limbs flung to the cardinal points as though he were asleep already and simply fell there – jumps and scrambles up to the headboard, breathing heavily. "John?" Sherlock's voice is thick with sleep and John's nerves falter. He probably needs his sleep; maybe he should just force-feed him a bit of toast and then leave him.
He gently pushes Sherlock down until he's lying on the bed; he doesn't want to straddle Sherlock in any way that could feel like trapping him, so instead he kneels to one side of him and licks softly at Sherlock's right nipple. The detective lets out a hissing breath and suddenly his hands are back on John, sliding around the waistband of his jeans to the button, and John takes that as invitation to bite down gently on the nipple as his fingers stroke soothingly downwards.
John's a little surprised at the level of compliance Sherlock is displaying with his games, but he supposes that if the effect is Lestrade's confusion – which it seems to be – then it's not completely abnormal.
he asked.
years. We'd have to get a fully-grown forest shipped in from Earth, which is a beaurocratic nightmare with the conservationists down there –"
John shook his head to try and stop it from spinning at the speed with which Sherlock had changed tack. "Why would she be in hiding?" he asked, attempting to slow down his friend's mind - he could almost see thoughts racing each other around the inside of his skull, a slightly dizzy expression in his grey-green eyes.
He made to follow John in their haughty stalk offstage, but John had paused to hear the speech and found himself unable to move off again. He glanced at Will a moment, watching him with the sparkle of delight in his eyes before looking back at the two younger actors, both distraught. Sherlock gave him the tiniest of resigned smiles and it reminded him of his own declaration mere days ago, accidental but so heartfelt.
"Anyway, it's Sir Toby's line to start the next scene," he distracted, feeling the detective's hand withdraw reluctantly. "Lot of quick changes in this one, I hope Archie's prepared."
When John recovers his breath, he slaps Sherlock lightly on the arm. "You
Lestrade raised an eyebrow. "It would need to go to a Justice now, another Constable wouldn't be able to talk him around unless Peters allowed you access himself." He frowned slightly. "Couldn't Mycroft -"
and shrugs. "Whatever. And what was with you acting all domestic?"
wanted a John so comfortable with him that he knew Sherlock would react to
It was a long way from the Constable's cottage back to Peters' house; even John and Sherlock's unerring level of fitness was betraying them by the time they arrived, a thick sheen of sweat itching at John's skin and pooling in the dip of the detective's collarbone. The two children they had set to watch the house crept like rodents from the cracks of the street as they halted in front of the house, doubled over and panting. "Master Holmes?" Lizzie said tentatively, reaching out a hand to pat his shoulder in concern.
"You've got that so completely wrong," John argued, even though it wasn't strictly true. John had thought those exact things to himself multiple times. They just weren't the things driving this particular argument for him. "That's
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "
Lestrade sighed. "Try to send him home, will you? He looks like he hasn't slept in days."
but thought that the ending couldn't stand up on its own merits and therefore wasn't worth the metatheatrical gag. John had a sneaking suspicion he had been caught up by the rumours of a following
There's genuine hurt in his eyes, for which John immediately feels guilty. Sometimes he thinks he treats Sherlock a little too much like a child, sheltering him and scolding him; and yet, sometimes he thinks he doesn't mother him enough. Everyone needs
he suggested.
The young actor took an age to meet his eyes, and in a tone of utmost horror delivered one of John's favourite lines in the play: "
"No," he admitted. Will's other eyebrow joined the first in reaching for his steadily receding hairline. "Will, I'm sorry," he said, settling further down in the chair. The playwright's posture immediately changed; he relaxed a little and leaned forwards in his seat, his expression sympathetic rather than disapproving, a friend rather than a colleague. "It all happened so fast, I wasn't - we were arguing and then all of a sudden we were kissing and it was
wasn't going to examine the way that sent an almost painful throb of arousal to his groin.
"Very good," the man told them in a silvery drawl. "You make a fair Ophelia, Master Watson."
is the correct answer, but I force a smile. "Probably learn rather quickly to remember my own phone," I tell him, calling Mycroft. "Mycroft? I know where the letter is. How quickly can you get to the Trelawney-Hope residence?"
flipped open to reveal tiny twin portraits. Sherlock breathed in sharply. "It's a locket," the jeweller explained. "The top portrait is clearly Her Majesty, and the bottom -"
he could do that.
, and it starts to feel more like usual, more like he'd imagined.
"So, John, good holiday?"
He wouldn't go so far as to say that he
Sherlock turned his nose skywards dismissively, shooing the fairy behind him with a protective arm. In the better light of the stage, the dress that Archie the costume designer had found for him clung to his body in rather Grecian ways, somehow both accentuating and concealing the masculinity of his physique. While it wasn't quite as spectacular and ethereal as Tobias' had been, it was breathtaking on the detective. "
When he comes back into the sitting room, Sherlock is staring guiltily into the empty fire grate. "No," he replies absently. "No, neither did I at first."
Were it anyone else, Sherlock would have accused them of being so sentimental they had imagined it, the feeling of benign consciousness rubbing against his hands like a cat. But he was
Of a child seizing in a swimming pool and pale grey-green eyes watching him desperately as he walks away.
He always enjoyed the wedding, treating it more like some kind of cast party than a part of the play itself. As they settled in their places on the stage to watch the mechanicals' performance, Sherlock bent his head to whisper affectionately in John's ear. "I'm not certain I know this scene as well as the rest," he admitted grudgingly.
John smiled idly. "Probably. Of course, she would be genuinely enjoying herself, because he would be devastatingly funny."
His friend bent right over him so that his lips brushed Sherlock's neck, damp and hot, parted slightly to let hot breath invade Sherlock's skin. This had the slight disadvantage for Sherlock of leaving their bodies pressed entirely together from groin to chest, and when John thrust frantic and erratic against him he could feel it along the whole length of his cock.
…" he made an odd sort of clawing gesture, as though trying to rip it from his mind. "It paralyses my brain," he tried to explain.
John's body reacting to his touch,
he insisted, injecting a note of warning into his voice.
For such as I am, all true lovers are,
sound that John recognised as the
the world of good." He'd kept his attraction to the doctor so closely to his chest that he'd never bothered looking to see if it was returned; if someone had ever suggested to him that John wanted him, maybe he would have said something sooner. "You don't need a statement from us now, do you? John and I have some…
He glanced up at his flatmate, sitting calmly at the other end of the living-room table and munching on toast with strawberry jam. He'd worried briefly whether he would ever be able to look John in the eye again, but there was a clear separation somehow between the John who had so effectively seduced him last night and the John that was bright-eyed over his breakfast this morning. A part of Sherlock wanted to find the seam that held the two apart and tap at it until it broke, until breakfast- John was just as mind-blowingly sexy as actively seducing-John. A more sensible part of him was glad there was a distinction, or he'd never be able to keep himself from jumping the doctor at inappropriate times of day.
"Have you considered that this losing control is kind of the point?" John ventures finally. "Doing it slowly like this, always in control, it's hard for both of us because that's not the way it's meant to be."
He thinks back to his comment the other day about Sherlock's flourishes, like a performer on stage, and feels even more guilty. "I'm sorry, Sherlock, I really am. But… they don't mean it like that, either. They do it because they're impressed."
he said, dropping their hands with an air of great reluctance.
. He knew he could
As he went down to breakfast and collected his timetable to discover that his first lesson for the year was Statistics, he figured he was doubly entitled, and that even if he
John cracked half a smile to the bright one offered him. "Fair enough," he concluded. "Let's get going, then."
To both their deaths thou shalt be accessary."
a sexual history." The expression made it perfectly clear that he was teasing on purpose, and Sherlock realised quite suddenly that his irritated outburst had been only one step away from begging.
"Will was talking to me about that a few days ago," John changed the subject abruptly, unsettled by Sherlock's discomfort over Angelo's teasing. "He says he'd love to write other plays for us, if you're interested." He tried to sound casual, as though he didn't have strong opinions either way, and then wondered if that attitude might offend the detective. "I definitely would be," he added hastily.
And then the moment where he could have said something had passed, and they walked in an uncomfortable silence the rest of the way to the street where John vaguely remembered dragging someone unconscious in the middle of the night so long ago.
Well, that definitely wasn't the outcome he was looking for.
John had no answer for this, so he said nothing. "What about Lestrade?" he asked after a moment.
, but this is particularly bad. I have crisps and stuff upstairs, I think supper might be in order."
They held the picture for the barest of moments before beginning to exeunt, the next scene already sweeping on behind them. Their Maria, in the lead, spoke with a tone of sharp command, somehow managing to seem like a bustling handmaiden without the traditional padding he would assume in performance; his follower, who had thrown a jester's hat atop his sandy hair, grinning and somehow managing to lean on thin air as though it were a wall. Will Kemp always wore the hat even in the earliest of rehearsals; John and Will used to speculate that he carried it in his pocket anywhere he went just in case people mistook him for someone serious.
The maid lived at the top of a shared house near the South Bank. John wrinkled his nose as he avoided someone emptying a chamber-pot from a middle-storey window, grateful that he'd managed to avoid the shared houses himself. Sherlock was still buried in his own mind; John had to fling out a hand to stop him from stepping in a puddle of effluent. The detective gave him a grateful smile before stepping onto the wooden boards that served as pedestrian walkways. "This house," he pointed.
He moaned softly, but the phone was still ringing, distracting him. "It's Lestrade," he protested. "It'll be important."
John blinked. "Missing shoes immediately mean murder?" he repeated. He didn't really see the link, despite it being weird that the shoes hadn't been there.
"Still there?" the Doctor asked. His voice trembled a little.
The elder Holmes arched an eyebrow. "So the question becomes, how the two widows are connected," he commented.
That's when John smells a figurative rat. He's sure there's a literal one decomposing in cough syrup somewhere too, but that one doesn't smell yet so he's let it go. Now, on the sofa next to his flatmate, he narrows his eyes and adopts a suspicious tone. "To
He wouldn't blush, but it might be a near thing; either way, there's barely any doubt that John would venture closer until he was perched at the end of the bed, at which juncture Sherlock would awkwardly pat the space beside him. "Would you stay?" he'd ask, if he was brave enough. And John would, of course he would, but that would be it: the actual conversation of
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "It
The Doctor theatrically licked a finger and then held it up as though testing the direction of the wind. "Yep," he confirmed brightly. "Middle of, I'd say. Just in time for –"
. "No, they're not generally enamoured with the thought of living with me, either," he commented. He sounded unconcerned, but John walked slightly closer to him in comfort all the same.
meeting you were about things like not being able to enlist in the army if I had someone as important as you waiting at home, so I didn't go."
"It's most likely just stress," Will speculated. "We did place a lot of expectation on the boy, putting him opposite
He tried not to imagine the
, after this morning at Mycroft's stupid little morning tea, he
John grabbed his chin again. "Trust me," he whispered. "Don't find out."
"Hello, Inspector. Sherlock's just making tea, would you like one?"
knows about."
John allowed him a dry chuckle. "Well, perhaps someone will
Sherlock pursed his lips slightly in annoyance, but dropped to his knees in front of the drawer to peer into the keyhole. "It doesn't appear to have been forced or picked," he said perfunctorily. "I assume Lady Brackenstall didn't have a key?"
The Doctor tapped his fingers impatiently against the desk. "Come on, hurry up, try again," he muttered. Sherlock rolled his eyes when the alien shot a wide, boyish grin in his direction. Were he not desperately enjoying this himself, he would have commented on the apparently-unhealthy enjoyment the Doctor was getting from torturing this band of obviously lesser life-forms. "There you go –
Holmes watched him for a moment as though he was genuinely unaware of his
"Oh, John."
"I have not seen any scenes that the three of us share," Sherlock said, frowning. "Actually, considering the fervour with which Orsino pursues Olivia, it surprised me. It would be an interesting device if the two did not share the stage until it is too late."
"Whom were you hiding from?"
," he said. "I reckon he thought pretty well of himself and just thought everyone else was an idiot. Like he'd never realised how nice it feels to have someone tell you you're amazing, you know?" Bill raised an eyebrow and shrugged pointedly, as though John had made this exact argument before, though he didn't remember doing so. "He was clever in the same sort of way as Jim, actually," John mused. "You know, observant and good at drawing conclusions."
Why did I do that?
Sherlock swallowed so hard John could see it from across the theatre. Ben grinned, clearly not picking up on the tension between them. "Of course," he chirped brightly. The detective smiled tightly at him and jumped lightly from the stage. John smiled as his younger friend immediately cleared his throat and turned to an imaginary stage partner.
He's not quite sure what his heart is doing right now, actually it feels like his heart hasn't quite made that decision yet either; does it want to melt or jump into his throat and attack his uvula? He tries swallowing again, with little success. "I know that," he says firmly, trying to keep his voice from shaking. "Of
"Then who does?" John retorted.
Sherlock was speaking, and John
lights out instead."
, I want to."
And promptly dropped the bottle, where it shattered on the edge of his trunk. It tasted fine, but the instant it hit the back of his throat it stuck there, coating his insides, as though it were trying to bleed through the fabric of his oesophagus and into his bloodstream. His stomach roiled. He groaned, curling up into a foetal position as he began to turn inside out; he could feel his hair receding into his scalp and his bones grated against each other as they shifted, setting his teeth on edge. His skin bubbled and stretched and shrank and his teeth moved around painfully in his jaw.
"It was the
The scene was a mess; the bedside table had been knocked over, its contents strewn over the floor. The body was on the floor beside it, evidently having upended it when it fell off the bed. John whistled lowly.
Sherlock's fantasy, Sherlock's thoughts on what he would be like if he and John ever got into this kind of situation. This Sherlock, who tangled tongues so fervently with John, one hand sliding from the sweat pooling in the small of John's back down between them to their groins -
Quickly and with a sharp intake of breath, the Doctor pulled his hands away from the keyboard and held them in the surrender position on either side of his head. Sherlock glanced behind him in case there was someone he'd missed holding a gun to his head, but there was nothing. "What?" he asked.
He closed his eyes, his swallow loud in the otherwise-silent bedroom. "All right," he whispered. He swallowed again, watching flames dance in John's eyes as he smiled. "All right."
Naturally I have no latent inhibition, and it's taken years of training to get to the stage where I
The actor smiled triumphantly. "Now we're getting somewhere. Go and look at the curtain."
started it."
before he'd pressed the button and dialled the television back to a more manageable level that didn't make him want to scratch his eardrums out with his fingernails.
First degree is obviously the Ladies themselves: Carfax," he pinned a sketch that looked as if it had been copied directly from the one that Lestrade was holding to the blank wall; "and Brackenstall." He pinned another, looser sketch to the opposite end of the wall. They looked as though they had been drawn by the same hand.
Julien looked up at him, smug smile back in place. He just blinked back, the corner of his own mouth twitching upwards.
helpful," Mr O'Doherty said sternly. John failed to supress the bark of laughter that came when he saw Bill mouth his exact words behind his back as he said them. He tried hastily to turn it into a cough. Mr O'Doherty glanced behind him and smiled wryly. "Yes, all right, I know. But I mean it more than the other teachers. I mean, Physics – pfft. One can live without physics. And the worst one –
I suppose really I shouldn't be surprised. John's an affective person. I should have known from all the times I've seen him attempt to interact with women that he was going to eventually try this. I simply thought that I would mean something different to him in that capacity than all those women; he only wanted them to have someone to perform coitus with, whereas we already have more than that, and I had assumed that he would think more about what he was doing – I don't believe I was stupid to think that he would listen to me when I said 'no'.
down his spine. But Sophia's hand was suddenly in his hair, pulling him down and pressing them closer together, harder, her lips firm and parting beneath his.
"Shut up, Bill," he said, the name drowned out by the horn blast signalling the start of the race and the consequent splashes as the swimmers dived into the water. Jim shifted his butt back onto John's lap as Bill wriggled uncomfortably.
John almost started in surprise. Had it been only three hours since they had been in Mycroft's office? With their playing and the revelation of the jewellery, John could have sworn an entire day had passed. It was so easy to lose track of time when he was performing, especially when it was alongside Sherlock.
John refrained from throwing his hands up in frustration. Will had mentioned a week or so ago that actors seemed to do
"Tremendously," Sherlock confirmed, holding out John's coffee. "And then I was woken up by a possible lead on my case. Perfect predictors of a good day."
He'd tried to tell himself that living with Sherlock Holmes wasn't getting harder, but he wasn't entirely sure that it
Lady Brackenstall lifted an eyebrow. " It was late, as I said, Master Holmes - all the staff were abed by that hour, and their quarters lie on the opposite side of the house."
John wakes up at mid-morning feeling unusually optimistic after a reasonable amount of sleep. He wonders for a moment why Sherlock hasn't woken him up yet, but he can't remember the last time the detective slept and the case ended last night, so it follows that he'll be asleep for most of today, and catatonic for the better part of the week.
think she likes me?" he asked after a while. John snorted.
particularly young widows who look like Lady Carfax - any suitors would think they were doing her a favour until she turned them down, any friends of her husband would think she had something to do with his death, the list of things that she can't
" he cried, scrambling to clutch at John's arms in a wild embrace.
The Company burst into action, flooding the stage and bustling around in an approximation of business until John could take place at the centre of it, lift his arms slowly and begin.
More longing, wavering, sooner lost and worn,
"Um," John floundered slightly, still watching the detective walk away. "I'm not sure, I -"
He smiled at the thought of Ben's open admiration of the man, and what he would say when John told him of the circumstances of their meeting. Holmes, too, smiled. "How flattering," he commented dryly, but John could tell that he was genuinely pleased by the statement. "I was planning to come tomorrow night, if you'll forgive the lack of
"Starving."
"Biology. Wish me luck." They exchanged knowing looks, which John thought was slightly odd as Bill had dropped all three strands of science in fifth form and so had no idea what seventh-form Biology was going to be like. "What've you got?'
Sherlock stared at it for a moment. "Oh," he finished blankly, as though the information had caused his mind to stall slightly like a horse at a fence. He closed the pocket-book with a snap. "Of course, John, forgive me." He handed the book back to the butler without looking at him and strode back around the desk. "Let me accompany you, I have a few things I wish to discuss with Master Shakespeare."
John frowned; even having heard and understood the rest of the play up until this point, the line barely made sense to him as an audience member, and definitely would not to Orsino. Sherlock shook off his hand while John tried to make sense of it and took a deep, controlled breath in.
He watched the blonde's eyes travel from the two of them to the POLICE BOX PUBLIC CALL blaring from the top of the box behind them and understood.
couldn't hazard a guess at how many times he's snapped
"Yes," Sherlock interjected drily. "Could we maybe run the Senior Police Commiseration Session outside of consultant hours?"
John sighed once he had left the stage; Sherlock brushed his fingers tentatively across the back of John's hand. "He disapproves," he summarised.
Molly cried, but John no longer had eyes for him.
"What if one day you don't have me?" he asks. I do stop this time, turning to look at him as he stops too. I think I've come to terms now with the fact that thinking about not having John around makes my heart squeeze uncomfortably and a feeling like indigestion occur in my chest.
She laughed softly. "Right. Bob Jones from a long way away. You two really don't want anyone finding out who you are, do you?"
Sherlock snorts. "Virtuoso pianists are in the minority, too," he points out.
John snorted. "No, Sherlock,
John allowed his friends to half-carry him offstage, mumbling insults just loud enough for the audience to make out the odd word as he went, dropping them the instant they were out of view and passed by the younger actor set to play Sebastian. "Archie will be back here," Mike Stamford muttered to him as they let him go. "He can hold the Duke's coat out so all you have to do is back into it, shouldn't be too much of a pause onstage."
- Hermia and Helena are so similar that the only reason Demetrius loves Hermia is because he saw her after he had grown used to Helena. Perhaps we should ask Molly to join us, it would certainly be a valuable exercise for him."
"I wanted you to, the first time. You were right." Sherlock drops his hands and seems to retreat further into himself. "I knew what you were doing, and why you were doing it. I've never done anything like that before, but I knew you wanted it and I wanted to know what it would feel like. There's no-one I trust to do anything like that except you, John." The consulting detective runs a contemplative finger over the swell of his own cupid's-bow lips. "I told you to stop because it… it scared me." He averts his eyes, embarrassed at admitting this weakness. "I did like it, though, John, it was just too much. It made me want more and I could feel that I was losing control, and I'm never out of control, so I panicked. And then the second time I just wasn't ready to control it, and I got scared again. Those kinds of feelings, they're not something I'm used to, and I don't know how to deal with them."
John breezed through the written exam the next morning, smiling at his memories of the charms and spells his new lover had used to help him remember the facts he was regurgitating and sneaking occasional glances at the desk where Sherlock was sitting to help boost the recall. The glances he stopped around three-quarters of the way through the exam when he looked up to find that Sherlock had rolled up his own parchment, evidently finished, and was now chewing on the end of his quill and staring at him in a way that left absolutely no doubt in his head as to what he was thinking about. John flushed and didn't look at Sherlock again until he'd rolled up his own paper and felt free to return the suggestive expression in full force.
one?"
"Then I think we will get on very well," de Richelieu parried, still smiling. Sherlock gave one look back at Julie Simpson before sliding into the seat beside the French boy and dropping his bag to the floor. Julien winced slightly as it hit the ground. Sherlock smiled. This was going to be interesting; de Richelieu was a neat-freak and he, Sherlock, loved chaos.
Stamford said bravely.
he said quietly, waving the servants off the stage until it was just the two of them, staring at each other in pregnant silence. He regretted the decision he had made to play that line so harsh, so vindictive; regretted the side of Orsino it had apparently invented and brutally shown to the boy he had developed such confusingly wonderful feelings for. He glanced at Will out of the corner of his eye - occasionally in the past, John added the odd line to scripts in rehearsals or performance and Will had accepted them, even added them to his script. Surely the real feelings between himself and Sherlock would make anything he pulled out of the air genuine and meaningful and
Sherlock snapped his head up to peer interestedly at her, his blood suddenly humming. "Murders?" he repeated intently.
John blinks, just barely catching the phone Sherlock throws at him. "What, the con artists?"
He thought back suddenly to Will's cautions about spending too much time with Sherlock and suppressed a tiny smile. The detective assumed a thoughtful expression. "I hadn't thought of that," he admitted.
"I'd like you to stay," Joe answered, wrapping his whole body around Sherlock's and wriggling until they were under the covers. "You're incredible, Sherlock," he whispered, the words pillowing warmly against his head.
"I've had fun," he muses aloud. "I have actually enjoyed myself, here in bloody
hard; how was it fair that John could do that to him with a few kisses and the
to do this now?" he asked. All he wanted was to go home and continue where he and John had left off when he called in the first place. The hour they'd spent waiting in Lestrade's office had been enough for the looks between them to shift from reassuring to affectionate to something else entirely, and Sherlock hadn't been willing to rub everything in Charlotte's face by kissing him in front of her.
John hesitated. Surely Sherlock – intelligent as he had proven himself at drawing conclusions – had understood the question beneath the one he had asked. But a simple 'yes' wasn't particularly encouraging. But then, he reasoned, Sherlock
firm buttocks –
Sherlock laughed. John's scowl intensified. "Jealousy is a very ugly emotion," he commented. "John, you're my best friend. That doesn't change just because there are other people in the world whom I happen to like."
and moved off, taking the coffee-stained mop with her. "I really am. That's awful. I know what it's like to have to leave people behind."
a voice in his head insisted. John tried to shut it up, but it was very insistent; what
Lestrade looks from one to the other, a slightly amused look crawling over his face. "Yes," he says slowly. "Yes, it could be."
On second thoughts, he probably should have given them both a bit of time to cool off first. But he's called out now, and Sherlock has stopped and turned around, his angular face carefully arranged in a bored expression, and it would feel pathetic and weak to finish with 'nothing'.
That, when he waked, of force she must be eyed."
"John," he started, still not sure whether he would beg for the doctor to free his hands or kiss him.
Lestrade smiled thinly. "Not too up on current events, are you, Miss Wilson? That's Sherlock Holmes. He's not with the police, he's a consultant."
to be so cruel."
John laughed and obeyed; he crossed slowly to the bed, watching the detective squirm with each passing moment. Sherlock had clearly been every bit as tightly wound as John throughout the rehearsal and now his hold on himself was unravelling like an old blanket. It was making John a little dizzy to know that his every move was loosening his friend's grip on himself: he hooked his thumbs underneath the top of his trousers and tugged them down slightly, and Sherlock's eyelids fluttered; he let his hand wander further to brush against the now-obvious outline of his cock through the fabric and Sherlock actually gasped a little, his hips jerking.
He felt like he was going to be sick. He didn't want to have to fidget his way through Saturday wondering whether John was sitting outside the British Museum waiting for him. Of course, it was very likely that he wouldn't be. Sherlock had caught that frantic, bewildered expression John had cast himself in the mirror as he left; it was more than likely, in fact, that he would decide that what he had done was
The blonde was sitting at the bar, nursing something brightly-coloured and smiling at Henzell as he kept chatting to her while drawing lager from a tap. Sherlock wondered if she had sat down there of her own volition or if Henzell had taken her there on purpose so that he could talk to her and work at the same time.
her."
the detective answered, a definite coy note to his voice now. John did not see the gesture he made, but Will raised an eyebrow in amused surprise.
With his second pint in his hands, John finally delves into his pocket and checks his phone.
Jim shrugged unconcernedly. "Yes. I came here by myself."
Which you knew none of yours: what might you think?" Anguished, Molly bent his head forwards until their foreheads touched, looking absolutely desperate until Sherlock leaned away slightly and broke the contact. Molly stared.
And yet… Sherlock pictured lighting a fire in the grate at the flat he'd rented downtown and throwing the box inside, watching the smoke curl in lazy spirals from the tatters of his old life. He'd keep the photograph, frame it perhaps and keep it on the mantel of the flat he kept wherever he might end up. John would never know. And eventually, perhaps, Sherlock would move on.
"I want to try again," it says.
Ben popped up by his elbow. "I can slow my soliloquy a little," he offered. "It's not a complex dance."
"Does Angelo mind you doing this to his wall?" he asked pointedly.
Nausea settled faintly in the pit of his stomach. He'd been so grateful when they shipped him back home from Brest, bone-weary from the long siege and the constant vigilance and the blood he could never quite wash out from under his fingernails. Other soldiers in his regiment had had breaks from the sudden and surreal presence of death, but as a surgeon John had seen, analysed and handled almost every wounded man in the field. The smell of blood brought parts of him back there, made his wounded shoulder ache and his stomach rebel. There were things about his time in the military that he had found himself thinking about wistfully in recent years: such evocative proximity to death was not one of them.
"So," the elder Holmes concluded silkily after a moment. "Do you think this Philip Green is responsible for the disappearances?"
Sherlock gave him a brilliant grin. "I have no idea," he replied. The Constable sighed in annoyance.
of something more?
"No," John says, even though his heart is screaming at him that this can't possibly be it. "We're stronger than that, Sherlock. We tried, but… sometimes things just don't work out. It would take more than this to stop you from being my best friend."
about Sherlock. And, of course, it didn't help John's situation that every time he looked at his friend he felt the intensity of acting with him, the passion and the romantic chemistry they had built together in the rehearsal room.
he said, shifting his posture to give John the tiniest reprieve from their proximity.
It had seemed like the work of a moment; compose a short speech and then deliver it in tremendously awkward style over a late lunch that he considered making himself, but that John turned out to have already begun by the time he emerged from his bedroom.
He looked at T'Penya. "It has to be up to you," he said. "I don't like to put you in danger, but if you're certain that you'll be safe… if you agree to withdraw the moment you feel at risk."
"You know what the worst part is?" John said quietly, watching as Sherlock took down two mugs and the box of PG Tips just to have something to do with his hands. "I didn't
He'd probably smile a little then, just to try to show his friend that it was all right. "I was imagining that you'd walked in on me. Usually when I do that you're not still here after I…"
Sherlock sat back and wiped the saliva from his chin, grinning smugly. When the older man's eyes refocused enough to see him properly, Grieg chuckled. "Look at you," he teased gently. Sherlock grinned back, standing up and replacing himself on the teacher's lap, his achingly-hard prick digging into the other man's thigh. "God, Sherlock," Grieg breathed, wrapping his arms around him and drawing him close. "You're so incredible. You didn't have to do that."
John Watson splayed his hands on the desk and leaned forwards menacingly. "I want to purchase an item from your collection."
The sallow man unfolded his arms briskly. "Of course. I will show you to Lady Brackenstall's chamber - Constable, if you would accompany us?"
They had managed to return to the Globe before any of the other players in
and approach you afterwards sometime."
Molly raised an eyebrow, apparently unfazed.
he raged, pushing Sherlock aside by accident.
"Maybe Lady Brackenstall went willingly and took them herself," John soldiered on. "Maybe she picked the pieces she knew she could sell fastest and for the most money. Or the ones she couldn't bear to be parted from."
John looked down at the touch and frowned. "This is about
He wasn't alone, though, he noticed; he froze in surprise at the two boys about his own age sitting in the stands around the pool, the smaller one comfortably crossing one ankle over the other knee, the taller of the two looking painfully awkward. Sherlock wondered why anyone would choose
John got the feeling that there was another option that Sherlock wanted to offer him, but the inn where he was staying was further out of John's way than John's flat was out of Sherlock's, and Will hadn't released any new part of his play that they might meet and rehearse. John hadn't missed the fact that the detective had somewhat stubbornly persisted in calling it
"You look like someone's been running their fingers through your hair and fiddling with your clothes," Bill persisted. John tried very hard to shake off the phantom sensation of Sherlock's long, desperate fingers tugging at his scalp and look as though the sentence meant nothing to him, but Bill's next screech of
, Sherlock gathered – shimmered and shifted, until a door in the back wall winked into existence. Sherlock blinked. It looked like something he'd seen in a film he barely remembered watching with John, all steel doors like an elevator and blinking lights all around. The Doctor hummed in the back of his throat. "And… open," he said slowly. Sherlock couldn't suppress a wry smile as the doors slid open easily. "And
John had asked Sherlock after the jewellers whether he had authority to speak on Mycroft's behalf, whether if the jeweller had been a little more suspicious and a little less keen on a reward he would have been able to offer some kind of proof of Mycroft's trust. Sherlock had laughed at him. It was becoming increasingly difficult not to show just the tiniest hint of righteousness.
" John consoled, lifting a hand to Sherlock's shoulder, now within his reach.
He sighed, his head resting on the cold window of the cab. He really ought to focus on other ways the killer might be finding her victims, but his mind wouldn't stay on that track, instead trailing back to the mainly unnecessary role-play that would happen when they got back to the flat. Stephens had been a caring dominant, intimate, familiar; once they got started John would undoubtedly begin treating him as though he was his most prized possession, gentling him and praising him like he was
"I don't suppose there's any point in trying to convince you that burglary is illegal and if Lestrade catches you he will
upon them, and are magnificently unprepared."
help. Since John's blog became popular, too, people – teenaged girls, mostly – have expressed their admiration in the street, often drawing attention to us when we'd rather remain unobserved. I'm special to them, in some strange perverted way. I'm something special to Lestrade, to Angelo, probably even to Mycroft. But I don't think I've
Trapping the younger man, John moved forwards, physically caging him against the desk.
life was ruined by such practises.
Sherlock stepped forwards to direct this at Molly and then stopped, cocking his curly head in puzzlement at the boy's companion. John snorted in sudden realisation; the newcomer was dressed exactly like Sherlock, right down to the red thread haphazardly used to mend a buttonhole on both of their coats, and was leaning so far forwards on his rickety chair he was almost drooling over John's new lover. The detective struggled to suppress a bemused smile as he turned away to deliver his final lines to Will instead.
Holmes -
to follow it. I expect that he will return to that sort of character tragedy, and I would be interested to be a part of it if he did."
to think of as adorable, before deciding that Orsino would probably find it so anyway and giving up.
"I've done other things," Sherlock tried quietly. "I found Charlotte."
Get thee to yond same sovereign cruelty:
Julien straightened his tie. "
When she comes back in Sherlock looks around quickly, his smile already back in place. "May I ask who painted these canvasses?" he asks, still in the same bright, cheerful voice. "They're lovely."
John stands there, leaning against the kitchen table with his mouth open like a catatonic schizophrenic. Has Sherlock been burying this resentment all this time? "Why didn't you tell me?"
Sherlock makes a bored nod and waves an assenting hand in John's direction. John nods again. "Okay. Goodnight."
Joe watched him for another moment. Then he softly rocked up onto his heels and pressed his lips to Sherlock's, warm and damp and gentle. Sherlock clung to him through the kiss; his blond hair was a similar length to John's, he noticed, but for the hopeful sort of curl at the ends of it. His lips and tongue were commanding, so Sherlock gave himself up to them, let himself take what he wanted and stay close to the older man, to chase his lips when they tried to break away and wind his fingers with Joe's rougher ones when they were offered to him.
"If you want to. Don't worry if you don't have time or anything, I get it if you're busy."
The man shuffled uncomfortably, apparently unwilling to open his front door wider than the tiny crack necessary to show a sliver of his face. "Yes?" he confirmed tentatively, for all the world as though he had no idea why the three of them were knocking on his door.
Lestrade's expression tipped over into something distinctly nauseated. "Please leave," he said quietly, though Sherlock could still hear the ghost of a smile in his voice. The two of them obeyed, laughing and holding onto each other's fingers and casting lascivious glances at each other just to hear the DI's groan.
Sherlock nodded sharply. "Some of Lady Carfax's jewellery, no doubt," he said, vaulting off the desk and lifting his coat from the hanger beside the door in one smooth movement. "Take us there now," he ordered the child.
She was giving him an out, he realised; she thought he might
My glass hits the table and I only just catch it before the
Will nodded. "It
The next flight of spiral stairs was made of wood, and the floor above seemed to shine as though the walls were made of glass, but when John stepped off the staircase it was evident that the corridors were simply well-lit by the same sensor lights that Starfleet employed. He grinned at their familiarity.
Will rolled his eyes. "Keep going, hold it together," he urged them.
Holmes' mouth twitched up into a smile. "I believe it's more interesting, too," he said thoughtfully. "But yes - I play women because there are more rules, more constrictions - quite literally, as you'll know if you've ever worn a corset." He flashed a quick grin in John's direction. John
John claimed immediately, returning to their lightening-fast repartee.
John turned in shock to the small but urgent voice; both players copied the gesture in the corner of his eye, Sherlock's posture changing from diminutive to commanding in the space of the turn.
"Whoa," he said, glancing behind them in case the undertaker had followed them. "Sherlock, don't hurt yourself, it's not the end of the world."
John groaned, following him to the recommended piece of furniture and climbing on after him, settling comfortably between Sherlock's legs as he lay down. "This is familiar," Sherlock quipped, running his hands along the planes of John's shoulders and down his arms. "I wanted to touch your skin so badly my stomach hurt."
do so. We know that at least two of the people you've killed were violent and abusive, and that these weren't random attacks. That could work in your favour if - but
like John, too; arousal had made him begin to sweat and he smelled just like John after Quidditch practice on a Wednesday evening, when he would collapse into Sherlock's lap in the common room and snatch his book from his hands. Sherlock would pretend to be annoyed, but he knew he didn't do it very well. He lifted his arms, revelling in the stretch of muscles built up after years of gripping a broomstick and catching a Quaffle, and got his nose as close to his armpits as he could and breathed in the smell of John.
"Yes – well – I didn't realise you boys were… busy… there's a woman downstairs to see you, Sherlock, another one of your little puzzles. I'll tell her to come back later."
John looked around sharply; it was a woman's voice that had spoken, clear and sharp with a touch of out-of-place amusement. The woman it belonged to was tall and upright, clearly the lady of the house. Her blonde hair fell about her face in carefully arranged ringlets that accentuated her sharp, pale cheekbones, a dark bruise blossoming on the left one. Her blue eyes sparkled with something bold that John couldn't quite place. Sherlock straightened, frowning at her. "Lady Brackenstall," he said pleasantly, affecting a smile it was clear he didn't believe in as he made an almost insouciant bow. "I am sorry that we meet in such unpleasant circumstances."
John spared an amused glance at the man who had whistled before sobering his expression and tilting his head to one side again. "
"Yep," the Doctor threw over his shoulder, still tapping at the laptop and trying to zoom in on the plans. "It's a Sonic Screwdriver." He looked up at Sherlock, then, frowning slightly in amazement. "My
he repeated, as softly as he thought he could get away with in the space,
One elegant brown eyebrow arched skywards. "The tropics?" he asked coolly.
Eliza's eyes flickered from her partner to Sherlock and back again a few times. "Oh, fuck, it's you, isn't it," she said, looking aghast. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean -"
He moved away as he launched into Shakespeare's lurid description of the desolate fairyland, stepping delicately across the stage and shepherding the fairies ahead of him. John folded his arms and settled in for the speech, casting his eyes over his own entourage. Ben glanced at him, one eyebrow raised, his eyes questioning. John raised both of his own, silently agreeing - with expressions too subtle to be seen by the audience - to whatever the boy was asking John's permission for.
before he was coming with a long, wordless shout, his body twisting and flailing in John's arms and hot fluid spilling over his fingers between their bellies. John grunted his name as he followed, the climax so blinding that for the longest of moments he couldn't see, couldn't feel anything but pleasure and Sherlock's hands, one stroking him firmly through the climax, the other holding around his back to keep him still and safe.
John nodded, stepping forwards and placing his and Sherlock's palms together between their bodies. "So we might finish like this," he expanded, glancing down at his script then locking their eyes together once more.
look in his direction. And all that time there had been
It took a moment or two for Sherlock to realise what he was doing. John was taking control again. Because Sherlock
Sherlock nodded perfunctorily and made a gesture indicating that the Constable should lead the way. John fell into step beside him as they made their way down the hall, Donovan somewhat grumpily remaining in the foyer. John tried to smile at her, but she ignored him. He wondered what had led her to this, a young mixed-race woman wearing men's clothes and assisting a Constable in a grisly murder investigation with such a chip on her shoulder. It was clear that Lestrade had not allowed her in the sight of Lady Brackenstall, and even though John understood why he felt a twinge of pity for the girl.
to have magical creatures as a Patronus. But, he supposed, letting his gaze shift from the dragon now coughing and spitting silvery flames at his sofa to its bewildered-looking owner, if anyone could, he would have guessed it to be Sherlock. He was the most magical person John had ever met. He was a blaze of intrigue and passion conducted, when he felt like it, into a beautiful and precise and
her." The Doctor stared at him for another moment, then clapped him on the back. "Stops me worrying about your timeline, anyway," he said brightly.
acknowledgment of Viola's love for Orsino. She doesn't even get to respond to his proposal, assuming that there
Sherlock looks up at him from where he's curled weakly against his side. "Can't we… I suppose that's quite a lot to ask, to just go back to being flatmates and best friends."
lips and teeth and tongue in place of hers, because he's
Detective Sergeant Diston is a rather solid man; John gets the impression that he could quite easily take on a brick wall and come off the better. Sherlock grimaces in pain when the man clasps one of the consulting detective's delicate hands in both of his huge meaty ones and squeezes. "
overwhelming rather than pushing until Sherlock drowned in it. He wasn't sure he liked it: it was too familiar, too
John frowned at him as they left. "Not the murderer, then?"
"I can't talk you through it," I tell him, hunching closer into myself.
"This –
John was less committed to this idea, but he hummed agreement anyway. He supposed it was lucky that Olivia was a point of jealousy between Orsino and Viola; he could even use the ugly mess of emotions that he felt every time he thought of the younger boy in terms of his relationship with Sherlock, instead of trying to suppress them and act professionally. It seemed to work surprisingly well with
he said graciously,
The DI turns away from them to answer his phone. Sherlock folds his arms obstinately over his chest. "Lestrade," the older man barks quickly. "Yes, of course. No, we know he's not, it was a desperate man's shot, I'm afraid." John doesn't miss the smirk that traverses the detective's face at this. "What, really? All right, I'll be right there, we'll clear the scene. Cheers, Sergeant."
. If Sherlock's deletion was successful – the mass deletion of twenty years and 183 lovers - and he could pull it off without Doctor Watson noticing and being furious, then the journal could be paramount: if Watson presented Sherlock with the journal and – as undoubtedly he would be – he was overjoyed with it, he would surely ask where the doctor had obtained it. And when Sherlock did not recognise the name
The man nodded again, unwrapping a small, jewel-encrusted ring and passing it with the utmost care to the detective. Sherlock brought it close to his eyes, looking intrigued.
After a moment, the boy breathed out again, his grip on his blue biro relaxing. He chuckled; Sherlock looked up in surprise. "You are quite brilliant," de Richelieu told him gently. "That's remarkable. No wonder people are intimidated by you."
"Diston," I bark quickly. "Were there any Swedish women reported missing in the last year?"
The Abbey Grange was a large stone building; its garden path stretched on for what felt like almost as long as the walk to get to the front gate. When they knocked on its enormous front door it was at least a minute before John heard footsteps approaching from the other side.
Without waiting for the Constable to acknowledge what he had said, Sherlock turned and swept out of the room, black coat flaring up behind him. John shared a smile halfway between apologetic and mutually amused with Lestrade before following once more.
man," Sherlock teased in return. Once the doctor had fastened his coat properly, he shot him one last seductive smile and turned on his heel back to the bedroom.
Sherlock bit his lip. He wasn't sure if he ought to be self-conscious or not; he wasn't usually, but this was considerably more personal than the things he was usually judged on. He didn't have much to judge against, but he thought he was fairly average-sized, and he'd heard that was a point of pride among men. His hands fluttered uselessly at his side; what was he supposed to do with them?
"You do like him, don't you," the DI remarks casually. John pulls himself out of his reverie to look at the older man's face, only mildly surprised. He learned months ago that Detective Inspector Lestrade is a lot more observant than Sherlock gives him credit for.
The detective shrugged carelessly. "Shakespeare spotted me in the audience. He came out and told me that your friend Anderson hadn't shown and that he had a suspicion I knew all the lines."
. The word sounded too familiar when applied to Julien and himself. Sherlock quirked another smile.
Grieg was surprisingly responsive; each twist of Sherlock's tongue and caress of his fingers around the base of his prick elicited delicious noises. He wondered how long the older man had been fantasising about him to have such a strong response. He knew he wouldn't last if Sherlock kept up the pace he'd started, so he gently slid the man out of his mouth and looked up at him again through lowered lashes, lapping slowly at his balls.
Sherlock rolled over to face him, but whatever had been plaguing him seemed to resolve itself when he got there, and he leaned in to press a gentle kiss to John's lips instead.
Sherlock hesitated, his grey-green eyes flickering along the surface of the Thames. "I don't
have got all that from Carfax."
You're what, sixteen?"
John makes a split-second decision that Afghanistan can stay on the other side of the world. "Here," he says firmly, taking the weapon out of Sherlock's long fingers, careful to let his own brush them. "You have to widen your stance a bit to brace yourself for the kick, and then relax your shoulder so you can roll it back when you fire. Like this." And just like that, when he thinks about Sherlock, cocking, aiming and firing the rifle comes without hesitation. A tin can at the back of the range
"Not going to sleep tonight, then?" he asks, yawning widely, not bothering to hide it behind his hand. Irritatingly, my own mouth starts to mimic him, and he laughs as though he was expecting this.
woken up in a grump he sure as hell would be in one now.
"Anyway, I told him about this new comedy and he said the part sounded wonderful and he enjoyed my writing, but he wouldn't work with Burbage. I said that was good, because I wanted
And then John's hands were in his hair, tugging and pulling and massaging his scalp, and Sherlock slipped a few inches further into the water with a deep groan. "Oh, my God," he moaned, his back arching at the feeling of John's fingers on his temple. "Oh, my God, John, where did you learn how to do this?"
John bit off his own choked cry as he came, clutching onto Sherlock as tightly as he could.
Grieg sat sprawled across the couch, watching him, still saying nothing.
John frowns, trying to repress the unbelievably strong urge to hold and squeeze. "So has yours," he protests. The detective makes a face.
He thought it would never end, and didn't want it to; knew that all the Lord Chamberlain's Men were watching and waiting for the kiss to end, and didn't care. He remembered his first kiss with the detective - was it only the night before? - and how much of a revelation it had been, how many weeks and months of tension it had resolved in a few delicate sweeps of tongue against lip. If it had been that with someone he had already reasoned that he loved, had already decided to let himself love, how much greater and
The few people milling about in the lobby had turned to see what was going on, and Sherlock heard a few frightened murmurs and a muffled scream. He frowned as the suited robbers didn't move. "Right," he said decisively. He refrained from rolling up his sleeves, but the gesture would not have gone amiss as he took a deep breath. "I've never seen an outfit like that before, but you can't possibly wear it just for fun, so they've been designed or at the very least procured for this specifically: you're almost definitely not in this for the money – what is it, the challenge? I'd say you're
," the Doctor agreed. His voice was growing louder and fainter by turns as he grew closer and further from the speaker. Sherlock envied his ability to pace. "Except that they're
in everyday life with a sort of dramatic flair that ordinary people lacked; John had laughed at the time, but he'd been conscious of his own gestures ever since. "You insulted my co-star. He's a part of my performance. Constructive criticism I can handle, but plain insults do tend to offend me."
. "I should… this will be easier if I go and get…"
He will have gone to the pub around the corner; I wonder where he'll go if I don't text him. Stamford's, probably. Maybe even Lestrade's, the two of them have been rather friendly lately. I just hope he doesn't come back here drunk – John has always been an over-friendly inebriate with little regard for personal space. But he understands the enormity of the situation, at least. I let out my breath and look up at Mrs Hudson. "What happened, dear?"
"Not yet, John," Sherlock said with a brightness he did not feel, dropping the last crust of toast back onto the plate and pushing himself out of his chair, "it can certainly wait until you come back from the surgery. I may need your help again."
He'd already opened his mouth to deny it when he realised what his friend had said. "What?"
Doctor Watson frowned. "The woman that showed me in told me this was your office. I'm here as a client, I'd rather stay in the office. If that's all the same to you."
"All right," John whispered, pressing his hips down hard against his. "Take what you need, Sherlock."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "That's the Constabulary for you," he said dryly.
I smile back. "Not at all, Lestrade." The DI looks at John, who shakes his head minutely; the two of them seem to have developed their own sort of language wherein Lestrade asks what kind of mood I'm in or whether he should ask me something, and John knows me well enough to tell him what to do. Things were so much more complicated without John around.
Captain Adler cleared her throat. John spun around to look at her and almost fell over; his head seemed considerably lighter than it had been in Sherlock's mind, the world around them unnaturally sharp and clear. T'Penya's arms fixed themselves around him, holding him up. "I would suggest that you rest, sir," she said firmly. "Melding can be draining even for the psi-able."
He brought his hands up to run the pads of his fingers across the planes of the French boy's shoulders, to feel the intersection and intertwining of bone and joint and sinew and let his hands follow the slope down his back to where the planes of his shoulder-blades met, down the bottom line of his ribcage and back up until his palms enclosed the twin hillocks of pectoral muscle, the heels of his hands pressing softly against the other boy's nipples. Julien shivered.
to seal off the forest and get in touch with the Martian ministry back on Earth."
The doctor gives a long-suffering sigh. "Where is it?" he asks.
, really, to know that he was right – he and John Watson were completely different people and there was no way Sherlock would ever be able to give John what he wanted, no way John would ever be what Sherlock needed, and the childish part of him that wanted to try anyway was swiftly rebuffed by the larger, more logical part that knew it would only hurt him when he failed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, seemingly unsurprised by this change in manner. "Don't insult me. I dismissed the idea of the burglary being staged by Lady Brackenstall's lover the day I began investigating the case. Tell me who you are."
been like this, with the detective so
before, but never quite with that level of quiet
that were battering their way across his mind and distracting him from the disgusted look on Bill's face. "Just because I'm okay with you liking blokes doesn't mean I want to hear about it."
John leaned against the doorway before he lost his balance, echoes of sensation ghosting across his body. He watched himself lick up the ridge of Sherlock's collarbone, feeling the heat and softness of his friend's skin against his real lips and tongue, suppressing the suddenly overwhelming desire to go over there and find out what Sherlock would taste like. Any chance he might have ever had of shifting his fantasies onto a more appropriate target was diminishing before his eyes: if there was the tiniest possibility that he and Sherlock could have what was in front of him now, how could he ever want anything else?
Sherlock shrugged unconcernedly. "I have other friends, other people in the Government who owe me a few favours, and I know enough myself to build a good enough picture. The only thing Mycroft could give me that I couldn't get myself is his theories, and even if he'd give them to me I've already explained to you how dangerous theories are if you rely on them instead of the data."
The detective threw his head back against the wall and
It's probably that the realisation of what he'd just said – only in his mind, thank goodness – added one last frantic thought loop that blew the fuse on his brain. But whatever it was, the added stress of having collapsed and being manhandled by Sherlock and Lestrade into a cab drives the original thought right out of his head, to be filed next to the earlier Freudian slip he's forgotten about.
John frowns. "You haven't insulted Donovan yet," he reminds him. "You've praised Gregory, crushed Anderson and gloated at Lestrade, but you haven't insulted Donovan. That's usually your parting blow."
Sherlock had been so caught up in his apparent shock that he was shrugging his coat up his shoulders before he glanced back at the bed, where John was still sitting bewildered. The detective had paused for the barest of seconds before his face fell. "John," he said. John couldn't tell whether the tone of voice was intended to be placating or disappointed.
"Jesu," John commented. "Is there anything you
He listened to Viola's opening exchange with the sailor without paying it more attention than an admiration of the smooth femininity of his friend, focusing instead on his next scene. He had devoted so much thought to rehearsing with Sherlock and the complexities of how Orsino could be played that he had barely remembered that Will had asked him to play Sir Toby Belch as well. He looked up at the other players busily preparing themselves for the next scene and caught the eye of Mike Stamford, who had been in the company almost as long as John himself, testing out a rather petulant gesture with his round cheeks already red with effort, and smiled guiltily. Stamford grinned at him.
Ben lifted his head, opened his mouth, and struck the audience almost-silent with one intake of breath. John smiled again. That boy was going to go places.
Sill holding Ben's gaze, John slowly lowered his head into the palm of one hand in despair as the lovers' argument began. The fairy, on the other hand, ignored him and settled cross-legged on the stump to watch them as though he could think of no better sport.
John tried to smile at the two women as he followed Sherlock out of the room, but he didn't quite manage it.
Lestrade grins. "Of course."
an excuse." John chuckled.
The DI blinks a few times. "It was
Sherlock tried to comply for the space of a few seconds before his face fell back into the smirk. "Why should I?" he asked cheekily.
"Excuse me," a cool but slightly timid Irish lilt broke in. "Do you mind if I sit here?"
"Well then," he said darkly. The tape ripped away from the roll with an ominous noise; Sherlock's stomach swooped in anticipation. "Like this?" John asked, stretching out in order to hold Sherlock's arms against the two corners of the bed.
"Don't be, they weren't very nice." The look in the sad, dark Irish eyes quite plainly said
"She runs through the Time Vortex," the Doctor explained. "You try being inanimate with the whole of time and space powering your heart."
John sighs and fixes his friend with a stern look. "Sherlock." Into the name he tries to convey all the disgust and firm reprimands that he shouldn't
that had clearly implied Sherlock's own frailty, but he had never refused to accompany Sherlock on a case. He had to admit it was far more satisfying to present a dramatic conclusion to a case and have someone stand by and say,
it. And John's been watching him flirting and casting subtle glances when he thinks he's not watching, and Sherlock's wanted it for a while. He
"If I were only in it for the reward, I would not have offered any of it to you," the man said logically, offering John a cool but not unpleasant smile. "I'm a consulting detective," he explained, holding out a hand in introduction. "The name is Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock shrugged. He needed to get out, to think about how his old university friend was related to this wounded army doctor. "Problem?"
Bill sighed dramatically. "What day of the week is it? What time of year? How long have we been stuck here?" He blew his fringe out of his eyes in a long-suffering manner. "I feel like a prisoner of war."
The tiniest smile fluttered over Crocker's lips, there for a moment and then gone. Instead he heaved a sigh and levered himself from his chair. "That won't be necessary," he said resignedly. "Thank you for your time, Master Holmes."
When it doesn't stop, I suppose I'd better answer it.
John grinned at Sherlock, whose shoulders had slumped at the sound of Will's voice. Sherlock smiled back at him, his posture seeming to relax a little as though resigning himself to repeating the moment. John's hand was still clasped in both of Sherlock's own, pressed so tightly to his chest he could feel the thumping of his heart.
. This entire case he'd sympathised with her because of the calibre of man she was victimising, but actually meeting her in the flesh, hearing her doing it for the love of her best friend… the case was closed, and he wanted out.
The Constable shrugged helplessly. "Sherlock, he's refused entry, I don't have the authority -"
"Sherlock's been hurt somehow," he told her. "Take Doctor Stamford down to the transporter bay to bring him back here, would you? The Captain said she's taking their report here. Apparently we lost another crew member too."
John grimaced. "Sorry," he said. "Sherlock's stuff."
"Of course I do," he replied, his voice lower than normal. Then he seemed to come back to himself, clearing his throat and leaning back again. Sherlock let his disappointment show on his face.
The DI smiles grimly. "Hello to you too," he grumbles. "All right, John?"
He pulled Sherlock into his arms and tipped their bodies from side to side in a mockery of a dance. The detective gave a high laugh.
Sherlock hummed happily. "I'll look at the statement inside – he says it looks like he
He smiled contentedly and settled his shoulders back against the arm of the sofa, closing his eyes and allowing the happy domesticity to fill him up until he drifted away.
, I'm going to have to insist that you eat something. And then sleep."
They left Donovan once again engaged in some kind of cat-and-mouse chase game with the younger children to cross town - one toddler in particular had seemed intent on not letting her out of the door. Lestrade was still chuckling about it halfway across town. "It's nice to see her let go," he admitted finally. "She has to keep herself so tightly wound all the time, so defensive. I understand why she does it but it's difficult to live with sometimes. Seeing her with those children reminds me why I chose to work with her in the first place."
They were back to this: anger flooded John's blood with such ferocity that he had to take a few deep breaths before he could speak. "Sorry,
Sherlock shrugged. "John and I explored a theory last night," he said, studiously not looking at John as he said it for fear of the expression on his friend's face. "I sent messages to contacts that could help, but I haven't received replies yet – I'll call them once we get out of here. Knowing that she'll have bruises will help. Lestrade, help me roll him over," he commanded briskly. The three of them carefully manoeuvred the body onto its back, John wincing as the bedsheets stuck awkwardly to the corpse's groin area. Sherlock hummed absently at it. "She must have removed the condom from the same angle," he said. "What made you think this wasn't the same killer?"
"That's why a play isn't real life," John rebutted. "It's a
aware that there is
"Huh? What part?"
When John had kissed him like that it had left
Did he go too far somehow? He finds his gaze slipping inexorably down the detective's back and to his rear, swaying slightly with the movement of his walk, the fabric of his impeccable black trousers clinging affectionately to the flesh.
been quite that hard while still fully dressed. The other boy looked up, customary smirk back in place; Sherlock wanted to do something to get rid of it, but just as he was about to move there were fingers on his cock.
The DI's eyebrows twitch. "Oh, right. Well, anytime you want a pint and a pizza, flick me a text."
Kirsty and Hannah were hanging by the door, staring apprehensively at the skeletons. "The first one was about three weeks ago."
particular performance.
John's body shudders with the unbidden image of Sherlock lying much as he is now, his own hand between his legs, biting his lip to stifle the occasional sound. "Wait. A 'necessary evil'? Sherlock, you're supposed to
Sherlock gave him a half-smile for the opinion. "I can try to get my hands on some more material for tomorrow morning," he said after they had walked for a while. John emerged from a lengthy internal debate regarding his sudden jealousy with an inquisitive noise. "More information on the plot of the new play, scripts for
"Take me to the office," the detective insisted, casting one last look around the bedchamber.
They turned back and kept walking up to the boarding floors, then up the stairs. "Yes," Sherlock replied. "Although I think it's mostly based on pity. He noticed that no-one else talked to me, so he assumed I was lonely."
the clown said, casting a resentful eye over their company.
Sherlock looked around his bedroom one more time. It didn't look any less cluttered now than usual; most of his things remained here during the school term. School was merely a means to an end; there were far more interesting things in London than his teachers droning on about things he either already knew or couldn't care less about. Last year he'd managed to worm his way into a lab at St Bartholomew's teaching hospital by flirting with a young intern, so laboratory equipment wasn't hard to come by.
John opted to feign innocence. "What?" he said blithely, looking down at his clothes and shoving another forkful of curry into his mouth.
And then John realised that Sherlock
he'd ever done had felt like that before.
Mycroft interjects with a small cough. "Our priority, I think, should not be in discovering who took the letter, but in recovering it. There is still a significant black market for these things, it seems that our first avenue of enquiry should be -"
"Of course I did," Sherlock repeated. "I actually scanned the announcement for
John looked up at his boyfriend of six months, wishing that he could feel in any way sorry about leaving him behind. Timothy was lovely, but he wasn't quite sure how they had managed to last six months. There had never been a huge amount of
Spock gave the tiniest resigned shrug of his shoulders. "We cannot possibly understand the way in which true Vulcans rationalise the emotions of others. All I know is that for a fully Vulcan child to display as much emotion as you do would be dangerous to his mind, and it will take some time for the schoolmasters to adjust to the fact that half-human children do not learn the control that Vulcan children do on their own."
The detective raised an eyebrow. "Until now," he agreed.
Sherlock blinked a few times, as though John had dazed him. Then he chuckled again. "No," he said lowly, his fingers reluctantly sliding out of John's shirt. "No, I suppose not."
Julien smiled thinly. "The death of that Islington boy is in the front section. At the swimming races yesterday."
Lestrade looked surprised, but didn't make any comment on it. "Right," he said instead. "Well, nice to meet you. Lady Brackenstall is in the sitting room - we had to move the body as she's still living in the house, but otherwise the scene is undisturbed. I'm sorry, but there might not be much for you to do - I sent for you before the Lady came around, and she turned out to have far more memory of the event than we expected."
"Oh, I intend to."
"That's right," Tom grinned, getting out of the car and hoisting Sherlock's bag into the air. "Always look on the bright side."
Sherlock hummed agreement. "And they are different," he said thoughtfully. "This one is far more sombre. Particularly for Viola. If people come into it expecting the frivolity of
"Yes," Sherlock said archly. "Well, since I've satisfied my curiosity, the policeman outside refuses to listen to me, and you've ascertained that your friend isn't here to gloat over the scene of his crime, we should probably get out of here."
And can digest as much. Make no compare
the boy, before he became one of those obnoxious, obsessed people who couldn't talk about anything other than Sherlock, Sherlock,
The detective nodded sharply, making a satisfied noise of agreement. "That wouldn't have been so unusual if they hadn't tried so hard to cover it up," he concluded. "But why would Lady Brackenstall lie about it?"
"Have you seen us play?" John asked, flattered. Sherlock snorted impatiently from beside him.
head with cotton wool.
"I was just saving her time, isn't that kinder?" Sherlock asked, looking genuinely puzzled at her reaction.
Abruptly, John's eyes flew open and he ceased the rocking of his hips, looking shocked, as though he had forgotten Sherlock was there at all. "Fuck," he swore quietly. Sherlock tried to arrange his face into a calm and neutral expression – at least tried to arrange it away from one that betrayed how close he had been to orgasm – as the doctor sat back on his heels and drew a deep breath. "I'm so sorry, Sherlock, I just got… carried away."
of displaced air. As John watched, frozen in shock, the sky above him darkened to black, though that above the castle itself remained calm.
Molly's cheeks were flushed with anger, and he let go of Sherlock's shirt as though the fabric had burned him.
John tore his eyes away, knowing that the detective was asking the younger boy to rehearse with him and hating that he resented it. "You saw him before," he replied. "He's brilliant."
sleeping together John couldn't help but believe that he had more of a right to Sherlock's underwear than she did, especially considering that he had to wash the damn things every week.
Sherlock sighed impatiently, but he was smiling.
"Oh, my God," breathed Bill. "John… he's dead."
Lady Carfax?" he asked, slightly self-conscious under their scrutiny. "I've never heard of her."
she's not into BDSM for the pain. I've tried talking to her so many times… do you have any idea what it's like having someone so
"Partly," John admitted. "And partly because of Harry. I went tee-total for a while as a kind of protest to her - I drank more than she did with friends, you know, so I thought if
The parts that fortune hath bestow'd upon her,
in there - unless you think your room would be more comfortable."
Again Sherlock paused to breathe, his hands triumphantly coming to rest on his hips.
Sherlock shook his head. "No, that's not right," he argued. "I only - I know Molly wants to learn and he's been asking me to rehearse for a while, it's not that I wanted -"
" He turned back to John, eyes burning.
John was trying to simultaneously eat his pudding and discuss tactics with Potter, but it wasn't until he ran a hand through his sandy blond hair, tugging a few strands of it loose and shaking them away, that the idea hit him with all the force of a rampaging Erumpent.
Will nodded shortly and clapped John on the shoulder in sympathy; however, he knew him well enough to bounce back into the circle around Molly without further comment. "Okay," he said brightly. "Now that we're all here, let's start with a complete run-through. Start to finish, I won't stop anyone. Then we can discuss things that come up and talk about adjusting a few things to enhance any different ideas." He grinned around at them, practically shaking out of his skin with excitement. "I know some of you have been rehearsing on your own and I must say I'm excited to see what you've come up with."
Your were is alike to reap a proper man:
and his doubt in his own self-control was dangerously close.
We smile at each other for a moment, and then he gestures idly out at the beach in front of us. "Walk with me along the beach, Mr Holmes," he suggests, holding out an arm.
worth?
The assassin shifted uncomfortably. "I'm afraid you've caught us at an awful time," he excused. "My wife's mother has passed away and we are in the midst of funeral arrangements. Can I ask what this is regarding?"
Kemp simply stood a moment, looking from one to the other with eyes narrowed knowingly. John felt himself squirm slightly under the accusatory gaze.
O, gentlemen, see, see! Dead Henry's wounds
somehow about the detective; John had been shocked at the passion and the
There was silence for a moment as Lestrade glared at Sherlock. "I'm sure my brother will compensate you for your services," the detective added after a moment.
Maybe I'm just tired and hungry and on my last nerve from the excitement of the case, but it honestly feels like the end of the world. A sort of helpless groan bubbles out of my mouth.
I can do it this time."
John stroked a hand down Sherlock's chest, tweaking his nipples again. "Lean back against me again and I'll rinse," he murmured. Sherlock complied, letting his entire body relax against John's and closing his eyes against the shampoo. John cupped his hand over Sherlock's forehead to divert the soapy water anyway, letting it run over his own shoulders instead. The water and soft stroking motions over his scalp, over-sensitized from John's earlier massages, sent sparks of pleasure to his cock and made him whimper softly. When John bent his head and pressed a kiss to the top of Sherlock's scalp he felt it so distinctly that he gasped in surprise.
He expected the French boy to laugh with him and move on, but Julien frowned, ducking his head as though to get a better view of Sherlock's eyes. "And you were thinking of going?
The detective started to laugh as well, and within moments the two of them had dissolved into helpless giggles, resting their heads against the wall behind them as they let it all out. John hadn't seen whether the room beside Sherlock's had been let that night or not, but he felt mildly sorry for anyone who may have been in the room. They had left the restaurant downstairs rather late, other tenants were most likely attempting to sleep.
want to be a pirate, especially when I watch Johnny Depp do it." Sherlock's fingers start to relax. "I thought you might appreciate the… I don't know, the blast from the past or whatever. We don't have to watch them."
"Hearsay. A position that important, word gets around with the staff," he interjected quickly. Grieg chuckled. "It'll get around the students, eventually, too."
The detective frowned. "You know which one I'm talking about," he deduced. "In this location you must have hundreds of clients, but straight away you know which one I was asking about. Which means you're not surprised the Government's asking about it. How much is he paying you to keep it quiet?"
Lestrade rolled his eyes, apparently used to being treated like this, but Mycroft bristled. "No," he said coolly, with a pointed look at John. "Clearly you are quite capable of finding your own...
Sherlock's body relaxes; he stretches languidly, pyjamas riding up his legs as his rump slides gracefully down the sheets. "I'll bet," he yawns wryly. John's hands shake and he decides he needs to put down the tray of breakfast before he drops it. He takes a deep breath.
But no - all they had found for months now were the corpses of celestial bodies technically classed as planets, but completely devoid of both life and interest.
"Where?" Lestrade asked, looking as though he was trying very hard not to punch the wall of the corridor she had taken them into.
He plonks a plate of toast down in front of his flatmate and stands over him like a housewife, hands on hips. Sherlock's grey eyes travel slowly up John's body before they reach his face, half-lidded from drowsiness, utterly sexy. John tries not to shiver. "Eat," he says instead. Sherlock opens his mouth to protest. "Now."
John frowned at Sherlock when the detective turned green-grey eyes sparkling with interest on him; upon seeing the frown, Sherlock's face fell into confusion. "What?" he asked.
doing this without being naked, and I think coming out here to find us shagging nude on the stairs might give Mrs Hudson a heart attack."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh! Sherlock…"
looking," he said sulkily. "Where shall we sit?"
While John expects Sherlock to hit him, or deny it, or say
Then the John on the bed broke away from their kisses to place one final press of lips onto the Vulcan's forehead, holding him close and stroking tender fingers through his thick curls. The John in the doorway swallowed.
"But surely the process is automated somehow?" Sherlock protested. "It will take years for the forest to die, even if you don't give it food or water – both of which I would assume to be possible without entering the forest itself. You wouldn't
John made the final few steps and turned the corner onto the landing. A lithe, dark-haired boy was pressed up against the wall, a large, tan hand holding his upper arm in place. "I'd advise you to let me go," he said calmly, his Irish accent a soft and rather pleasing lilt. John couldn't help but admire the fact that the younger student – fifteen, John guessed – still looked like he was perfectly in control.
John promised himself,
Tom was staring at Montgomery's crime-scene photo; Eliza skipped over to them and pointed to his ID photo instantly. "Oh, God, Stewart came in from time to time.
to be in here somewhere, didn't he? This was
"John."
"Are you from the Shadow Proclamation?" she asked. "I wasn't sure if we'd got through – the signal doesn't always work here, you see."
"Please. All those little flicks of her eyes to the side? Even though she was making a conscious effort to be close to John, she was still standing right beside you. And the fact that she came over here in the middle of lunch, when she could have just had a quiet word with John somewhere less conspicuous or, if she really wanted to avoid you, somewhere you weren't around." Bill leaned his head to one side as though considering the likelihood of things adding up to an answer he liked, but he was grinning. The younger boy pushed back his chair and stood abruptly. "Well, this has been fun," he drawled lazily. "I suppose I'll see you two around."
in some way until he had touched it and it had become obvious. "But it's a
He was almost at the door, struggling to breathe – he hadn't felt this constricted, claustrophobic,
Will Kemp knocked his shoulder against the small of John's back, hard enough to push him forwards into Sherlock's chest. "That was intense," he commented with a chuckle. "You guys rehearse like that?"
There was a pause while Sherlock digested this information. John wondered what anyone could possibly be angry at Lady Carfax about. Perhaps Crocker had been a suitor, as Sherlock had said to the maid: a widow approaching Carfax's age would be expected to leap at any chance of remarrying, no matter how beautiful she was or how lowly her suitor.
of a whole: the sensation of cupid's-bowed lips against his own, long and confident fingers wrapped around his cock, the steadying hum of his friend's smooth baritone voice. He supposed Sherlock's mind wouldn't allow such imprecise imaginings even if the whole picture did make him feel guilty.
The detective's grey-green eyes refocused slowly, as though Sherlock had known he was there but not really
the Incolumus Charm so long as we can cast it properly?"
What would they do if their meeting with the proprietor of the BDSM bar proved fruitless? It was really the only thing Sherlock had thought to do on this case. Sitting back and waiting helplessly for precautionary measures and look-outs to come through was something that the police did, not Sherlock Holmes.
nervous energy and looking more than a little irritated at being ignored. "Sherlock. Sorry. I was thinking."
For a moment - the precise length of pause that John, too, had been taught to leave to create dramatic tension - the detective didn't answer. Then he leaned forwards in his chair, the shoulder of his black greatcoat brushing against John's hip. "It was a fourteen year-old boy named Tobias Anderson," he said heavily. "A boy who went missing two weeks ago, the very boy, in fact, whom I replaced in the current production of
They ducked down a side-alley, Sherlock still imagining the jovial, irritatingly-clueless redhead Murray fighting off the sleazier of the men who frequented The Edge. Of all John's army friends he had met, Bill Murray was the one he had liked the most; he was friendly and unerringly polite, fairly intelligent if not particularly perceptive. "So how do you know this place exists, then?" John asked as Sherlock pointed out the russet door halfway down the alley, evidently noticing the lack of signage. "Did you come here on a case once?"
Once Mike Stamford rolled onto the stage as Andrew Aguecheek, though, John was instantly more comfortable: playing a drunkard with Stamford was something John did not have to imagine. He had neglected the man of late, but they had spent enough late nights in the Elephant for John to laugh at Sir Andrew's clumsy and misguided attempts to woo Maria with far too much experience of the two of them tripping over women's skirts they had just failed to impress. John was quite enjoying the drunken puns of their back-and-forth by the time it was over, and Sherlock was touching his arm with an amused smile to prepare for their first scene together.
of the words together, so that they have this incredible cadence that you… you almost have to hear it twice because the first time you just listen to the actor's voice rise and fall." John sympathised, remembering the first time he had heard Will read his own sonnets back to himself.
"Thank you, Mrs Hudson."
"Girls," he muttered. "No offence," he added, remembering who he was talking to. She laughed again.
He was still buzzing when his own name was called, and consequently his own Patronus glowed so brightly the examiner actually clapped.
John felt his face flush at the slight emphasis the younger boy had placed on the word
At his words, Sherlock's hand flew over his cock and he started to come almost immediately, his head falling back onto John's shoulder again with a slightly painful
"What happened to them?" John asked Adler, allowing the Vulcan to help him to sit on the end of Sherlock's bed. "The creatures?"
John tried not to smile as he handed over the trainers and let the consulting detective do his job.
"Oh, you
Holiday cigarettes, to be precise. This ash is from a cigar." He raises it to his nose and sniffs delicately. "An Indian cigar. The kind they roll in Rotterdam. Expensive. Who do we know who smokes expensive Indian cigars?" The question is patronising, as if posed to a child.
His hands on me were so different to my own. I wasn't expecting it at all, the influx of pleasure so mind-shattering that it got to the stage where I knew that if I let go I would have passed out. And I just couldn't.
Slowly, Bill stilled and looked from John to the Irish boy and back again. Then he sighed. "New kid?" he asked.
John rolled his eyes, but let the smile show on his face. "So this Lestrade calls you because
Sherlock walked out of Biology on Monday morning to almost walk straight into Julien.
He straightened, handing magnifier and handkerchief back to Sherlock, who had to frantically remind himself to breathe. He had only intended the doctor to confirm the crescent-shaped fingernail marks, not to point out their angle or assess any other aspects of the body. John's ever-increasing powers of deduction left him oddly breathless and the room was suddenly uncomfortably warm. He cleared his throat quickly. "Yes, very good, John, you're really getting the hang of this. Of course, the fact that he didn't try to remove her hands also suggests that she's smaller than he is – supported by the fact that she couldn't overpower him or he'd be on his back, and he doesn't look particularly strong or intimidating. So she's petite, must be attractive to get both of these rich and arrogant dominants interested in her… oh, and she's blonde, but we knew that already." He lifted with the handkerchief a long blonde hair from just below the pillow. "Call around hospitals and see if anyone who fits that description turned up last night with extreme facial bruises. And it's probably worth running her DNA through the system, but I doubt you'll find a match."
"Uh-huh." John nods and gets up. "Well, it might not get all the way downstairs, but it'll sure try. I'll clean it up."
"Oh, fuck," he groaned, burying his head in his hands and attracting bewildered stares from everyone around their study table except Bill. "I've made the wrong decision."
he scolded, waving a dismissive hand at his own face. Sherlock smirked and crossed to stand behind him. A long-fingered hand asserted itself on John's shoulder almost possessively.
He was five pages in when he heard the voice behind him. "Hey, John."
Sherlock nodded slowly. "May we see the other letters as well, Miss Devine?" he asked, unusually polite. "Did anything in them strike you as strange?"
"Perfect," Sherlock replied. He had winced at the sound of his own name, but the woman didn't flinch or bolt. He supposed he couldn't expect Henzell to be bright enough to use a false name without being told first, but if she knew he was a detective surely she'd be on her guard around him.
Sherlock frowned. "You'd do that?" he asked. Lestrade wasn't sure why, but he nodded. A slow, shy sort of a smile spread across the emaciated face. "Why?"
Sherlock gave him the ghost of a smile.
The kitchen table was completely hidden under textbooks and endless scrolls of parchment. John threw himself back into a chair and immediately felt his brain cloud over. "It seems so pointless. Who cares who
me on completion of my services, but if I did it for the money it would lose some of its appeal - I would start taking the less interesting cases purely because they pay the most. Lestrade brings me the most interesting cases - the murders, especially - and so I'm more than willing to do them
"Who do you think you
Madam Benoit smiled thinly. "
"You don't think you can help?" Mycroft asks, his voice sharp. Sherlock turns back to him.
She sighed. "If you must."
and suddenly I
Henzell stared at the fifty. "Thanks, Mr Holmes," he said, sounding slightly bewildered. John chuckled as they wove their way out of the pub.
"Don't you think he'd be happier with you there?" the Doctor pressed. Irritation flooded Sherlock. "What if… he's bound to find out eventually, you know he is. How do you think he'll feel when he finds out that you've been alive for years and you never told him?"
He looked up at the other boy as Gibbon started barking at them to get out their books and pens to find that he was smiling softly again. "I could teach you the rest, if you like," he offered. Sherlock dug the splintered remains of a pen out of his bag. He always neglected to bring spares. "Here." De Richelieu spun a biro effortlessly between his fingers before offering it to Sherlock, who took it gratefully.
But would that be a bad thing?
John snapped out of his reverie at the sound of the stage door: Sherlock, too, seemed to rouse himself from his thoughts. "I should go," the detective excused suddenly, burying his hands in his coat's voluminous pockets. "You need to start costuming. I'll see you in the morning, John."
Sherlock chuckled again. "Is that a promise, Doctor Watson?"
Lady Trelawney-Hope smiles weakly at us. "Thank you," she says quietly. Then she gets up for the door. "Robert?" her voice drifts back. "Mr Holmes was telling me that he's found your paper you were missing."
"I can destroy you," the Doctor said, his voice low but still clearly audible over the PA system, his eyes still fixed on Sherlock's. "I can destroy every single one of you from inside this little box. You can only destroy one of us."
Two children were sprinting through the theatre, the smaller huffing with the effort of keeping up with the elder. John stood as he recognised Billy from their previous encounters, a much younger grubby blonde girl struggling not to fall behind him, her malnourished face bright red with effort.
Sherlock's deep chuckle elongated into a moan as he succeeded in undoing his trousers, freeing himself to the summer air. John's fingers tightened reflexively on the bulge in his trousers, pushing the breath from his lungs in a huff. It was so
if people think we're together anymore, do you?"
Molly snorted. "
of that kid." John looked where he was pointing; Jim had taken the long way around the swimming pool and as John watched him, he idly flicked a neatly-folded paper dart at the blond boy as he walked past, disappearing into the men's changing rooms under the sign marked, 'DEEP END'. Had the circumstance been anything other than the fact someone's
The Doctor started up a quick tap-tap-tap of his fingers on the table. "It's sort of… complicated. Alien-ey stuff. Time travel."
Lestrade's harrowed voice comes out of the other end. "It's me. We've found something when we were cleaning up Lucas' house. I don't know if it's important, but it's the weird sort of stuff you like, so you may as well come and have a look."
Shakespeare snorted. "You're just getting that now?" he said flippantly. John glared at him.
"But it all happened so fast," John repeated dully. "We never stopped to think about what we were doing. And now I think... I think maybe we should have talked more first. I think he's... not as okay with it as I am, after we've had a chance to think about it."
would have been like together. What he might have made her feel."
He bit his lip to hold back any noises as John's hand found its way between his legs, his fingers gently probing down the seam of his trousers as the meat of his palm pressed firmly against his cock and a strong hand cupped his balls. John reached out with his other hand – the one with which he was holding himself up – and touched Sherlock's lips. "Don't," he said, his voice low. "Don't keep those noises from me." Sherlock could feel his cock throbbing against John's hand, and he knew John could feel it too. "
"All right," Bill boomed after he'd retrieved his noodles from the microwave and positioned himself on the settee ready to watch. "I'm ready, let's go." The others just laughed at him, still fiddling with popcorn and crisps. "Jim, come sit."
that now. Sherlock had tried to make the place he was hiding in as impregnable as possible. Perhaps T'Penya had even made it as far as he had before withdrawing, unable to find entry. Had she known the danger she was sending John into? Sherlock letting him into his mind-palace was possibly John's only hope - and maybe even Sherlock's, as well.
Sherlock's head turned slowly to look at him from where he sat, curled against the far wall and staring morosely out of the low window. "John," he said softly.
"What is it?" John asked, completely nonplussed. "It looks familiar."
Devine shook her head with a frown. "No," she completed. "She wrote about the people that she met in Sussex. At the time I didn't think it was strange - Lady Frances made friends easily. She was interested in people."
He resisted the urge to pick up his coat when it hit the floor in a heavy puddle of dark fabric, instead focussing on opening John's coat, with its button and zipper mechanism that seemed so ridiculously complicated. John chuckled at his difficulty.
after all, barely into their teens, and John hadn't been comfortable with wanting them.
he said,
to the world is fading. If she's ill, then you can bet everything you own that he's looking for a replacement, someone who can continue to make England better. And if he thinks that Frances Carfax is that replacement, then he's not going to care how Elizabeth feels about his methods of securing her ascent to the throne. If he has to kidnap her, even hurt her, to get her to take the throne, then he will."
Sherlock frowned. "That's a vague description, surely he would risk losing custom from it," he said.
He wondered if John had forgotten that Stephens had tied her up, but he stripped his jacket and toed off his socks before climbing onto the bed, leaning back on his elbows and watching as John copied his motions of undressing. He whistled mockingly. John grinned at him, his expression darkening slightly as he climbed over him. He settled between his legs as Sherlock spread them, dampening down a sudden longing for the intimacy, the eroticism, the smooth feeling of skin on warm skin. He ran his hands up John's bare arms instead, smiling softly.
De Richelieu drew in a slow breath, his fists clenching on the desk. Sherlock flinched. People didn't usually like having these kinds of secrets mentioned out loud, but he'd said them reasonably quietly and he was confident no-one had heard them. "Don't worry, they didn't hear," he said. "I suppose I'm trying to escape my family, too."
Sherlock grinned back at him. "I found more than that," he admitted readily.
"Molly," the detective greeted, a note of fondness colouring his voice.
They reached the pub before the police; Sherlock held out an arm to stop John before he went inside, glancing surreptitiously through the window. "We can't do anything until Lestrade gets here," he reminded him. "All we can do is keep her here. Let me do the talking."
Sherlock's head snapped up. "Jewellery?" he repeated sharply. He dropped his hands from sweeping carefully over the top of the mantelpiece. "Where did Lady Brackenstall
, but the police never listen to me. Apparently the word of a seventeen year-old isn't worth anything to them."
planned to take John out for dinner, but this certainly wouldn't be my restaurant of choice, and the company leaves a lot to be desired.
After another moment Lady Trelawney-Hope smiles. "Of course," she says shyly. Sherlock jumps up and pulls his phone from his pocket; John watches as the older woman smiles nervously for the camera.
The stranger ignored him, instead turning his gaze on Sherlock still stretched obstinately over the settee. "And I do believe you rival Richard Burbage with your Hamlet, Sherlock," he continued as though John had not spoken at all.
Sherlock snorted again, barely looking at John. "He's an idiot," he retorted. "He fancies Mycroft, I can't think of anything
"Oh, God," he says, taking a step back; bile rises in his throat, choking the beats and urgings of his heart. "Oh, Sherlock, I'm so sorry."
To leave this keen encounter of our wits
When he reached the bed he took his time to lean over the detective, breathing in the warmth of his body and stretching one hand down over his bare chest and down the soft, vulnerable skin of his abdomen. Sherlock's breath stuttered from his lungs and he twitched helplessly. "John," he murmured.
Sherlock returned the sweet kisses, little flutters of lips on lips. "I think some situations are still better than others," he pointed out, lifting his keys from his pocket and jangling them in front of John's face.
Their tongues flirted together, teasing and promising all at the same time. John pressed his body against Sherlock's long, lean frame, a low noise escaping when his groin brushed against the neatly-tailored trousers just visible under Sherlock's robes. He wondered how the other boy could find him attractive enough to kiss with such breathless fervour, dressed as he was in Muggle jeans and a lumpy oatmeal jumper James' grandmother had knitted him at Christmas. At the touch of John's obviously aroused crotch, though, Sherlock's entire body shuddered and he began to yield to the pressure and take a few tiny half-steps backwards.
Alas, their love may be call'd appetite,
The Cuxton teen turned back, and John got a hand at the back of his neck and pulled him down into a final, slightly clumsy kiss. "I'll see you," he panted quietly once it was over.
The curly-haired teen quirked half a smile. "I assure you, John, I have more experience with kissing men than you do. What I am unfamiliar with is the desire to kiss them before they express desire themselves. But you… I wasn't sure whether you would kiss me back, so I went slowly."
… that I could be someone different. That if I wanted to make a decision here that my parents didn't approve of, I could do it and they probably wouldn't even find out until it was too late. I remember unpacking my things in the dormitory and feeling like I could do anything." He frowned heavily. "That was better, I think, but it still didn't even have a shape."
off with a knife . So why bother creating the illusion of having torn it down?"
His arms drop limply by his side, the anger leaking through the pores of his skin until he can't grasp onto it any longer. He sighs. "Yeah, well," he says quietly. "The difference is, you're
this was so much better than their hands could ever be, and Sherlock's teeth digging into the pulse point on his neck was making his stomach jump with every heartbeat and winding him tighter and tighter. He wrapped a hand around both of them just to keep them in place and thrust again, holding his hips still at the point where he could no longer be sure he
in his head.
He didn't miss the slightly disdainful glance Jim sent the older boy as Bill sniggered. "Well, you know O'Doherty," he said nonchalantly. "I think he likes me."
Crocker's shoulders slumped slightly. "I only wanted to impress upon you the urgency of this case," he said solemnly.
"Jesus," Bill lamented, his tone good-naturedly mocking. "Maybe you could tutor me. I'll get tutored in Statistics by a fifteen year-old kid. Try telling that one to the ladies."
John had to agree, so he said nothing, instead lifting an eyebrow to acknowledge the detective when he made a beeline for their group. "Evening, Sherlock," he said, letting the wry amusement bleed into his voice. "What happened to the drawing instructor?"
my body's limits? I survived for thirty-four years before I met you, John, and I don't need you to take care of me, to force me to do these things that I don't usually do for a
he continued, and out of the corner of his eye John caught the cheeky grin he gave the audience at the line 'we men' and held back a chuckle.
personally."
She gestured at Sherlock. "Getting into Commander Holmes' mind," she expanded. "T'Penya could assist you with the meld, and it's probable that he will be more receptive to your presence than he was to hers, since the two of you are friends."
He laughs, rich and warm. "Oh, God, yes," he replies, falling back into the hug. "I suppose we should unpack our things again," he says, staring at the open boxes. I chuckle.
They left the stage door ajar so that John was still visible through it, peering through as Sherlock and his fairy train sang their sleep-song, with the other fairies leading the tune that Sherlock had only heard the few times he'd been in the audience. He winked at a few of them as they filed out through the other door, silently congratulating them - not that they hadn't been leading the song with Tobias anyway, but at least the younger boy had actually
John's mouth quirked into a half-smile. "What, you want the gory details?" he teased.
To his surprise, Sherlock slowed down the brisk walk he'd started with and turned to frown at him, a flash of hurt visible in his eyes for a moment before it was whisked away. "Why do you say that?" he asked.
"John," he said softly once they drew apart; John smiled at him encouragingly. "I - the floor isn't particularly comfortable."
Mycroft pursed his lips. Since Sherlock had left to board at Cuxton Grammar, when Mycroft had already left home, he had taken to paying people at school to report on Sherlock's behaviour and grades. His younger brother had waltzed out of university and right into a position in the government, which had done wonders for his already voyeuristic nature. He wondered sometimes how long it would be before he was plugged into the CCTV feeds.
Finally, Sherlock's back hits the wall and John steps forward triumphantly, angling his head down to press his lips to his flatmate's and inching closer. "
Donovan snorted. Sherlock gave a thin-lipped smile, which actually made Lestrade looked intrigued; apparently John wasn't the only one who was attuned to the detective's rare good humour.
"Wait," he said eventually, reversing his grip on Sherlock's shoulder and gently coaxing him away. "Wait, stop."
liking him more than you like me. It's
John's very aware of how easily the situation can slip out of control. He's wanted and imagined this for so long and it's
John tries to sigh resignedly, but he can't help the hint of ecstatic smile spreading over his face. "All right," he says, squeezing the detective's thighs. "But not right now. We'll try again in the morning, when we're all energized and I'm not exhausted and tipsy. Now get into bed."
John asked sceptically.
John chuckled, his voice that low and seductive rumble it had been last night, and followed Sherlock, leaning casually across him to put down his own mug of tea on the table and glance down at the summary. Sherlock closed his eyes and breathed in the smell of John's hair.
"Well, he must have done
He put his hand over hers and tried to gently pry her fingers away from his arm, but she tightened her grip and he gave up. "It's just the lights, Hannah, don't worry," he reassured her. "Do they play up often, Mr Marchbanks?"
His hands shifted slightly so that his fingernails were involved in the process, scraping the shampoo from Sherlock's scalp and redistributing it. Sherlock groaned again, then realised that probably wasn't an appropriate response to John's insecurity. "Will he shoot people for me, too?" he asked lazily, tipping his head back to look at John, which also had the benefit of moving John's attentions from the back of his head to his temples. "Will he make tea and breakfast and tell me I'm brilliant and not be able to set a fire and smile with his entire face, too?" John looked down at him and exhibited that full-faced smile. Sherlock smiled back. "If he's exactly like you, but with better scalp massage skills,
Miracle stood with the rest of them, reaching out to shake John's hand. "Of course, Master Holmes. Constable," he nodded to Lestrade, hesitating awkwardly as Sherlock didn't return his handshake. "I hope that you find the ladies safe."
John hummed. The detective took a sharp breath in and seemed to rouse himself. "Well, I suppose that's that," he said briskly. "John, we ought to be going - if we make our way to the South Bank now we can perhaps get some time in the Globe before it opens for the afternoon."
before."
His heart melts a little.
He ended the speech at the front of the stage, a hand raised in wistful contemplation, having lifted and fell with the wavering thought of the monologue. He noticed the other players rolling their eyes behind his back, as though their lord often went off in long rants about how fickle the obsession with love turned out to be. He couldn't help but turn his eyes to the side of the stage where Sherlock stood; the detective lifted his eyes from his cue-script to meet his own and smiled slightly, the very picture of perfection. John's stomach fluttered and he felt like blushing, like Orsino's blind, obsessive love was dragging him into its spell for the first time all over again.
He knew he wouldn't be able to get through much of this without coming. He supposed it had been bound to happen sooner or later. John took a shaky breath in and began to roll his hips firmly against Sherlock's, the slow, relentless friction positively maddening. His hands slid slowly down Sherlock's chest, revelling in the feeling of his shirt against his skin, and settled on his hips, clutching tight as he rocked.
Once again, he wasn't quick enough to hide the flush and the guilty expression, and John sat down on his own bed, gaping at Sherlock, turning inexplicably red. "You used
He turned his back on the jewellery shop and started back the way they had come, walking slowly with his head pensively bowed. John watched him for a moment before starting after him. "Still though," he tried, "this helps us, doesn't it? It
I'd think about fucking you."
to have a couple of extra people there."
"My clothes not fancy enough for you?" he teased, dipping back in for kiss after biting, domineering kiss. Sherlock grunted in frustration. John reached up and grabbed his hands. "Shh. Let me do it."
wasn't something he'd ever been called before, not without the slightly patronising, clinical tone applied by primary-school teachers. "Thank you," he said. Julien de Richelieu smiled.
John blinks up at him. "What, you don't want me to come with you?" He can't help the slight disappointed pooch of his lower lip; Sherlock chuckles. For a moment - one wild, crazy, incredible moment - John actually thinks Sherlock is about to lean forward and peck him on the cheek goodbye. He leans forward to meet the kiss, but it doesn't happen. Sherlock's lips tighten into an almost imperceptible smile.
The taller man shrugged nonchalantly. "You just haven't spent enough time with him," he insisted. John grinned: he understood Sherlock's vehement dislike of his brother. His own sister seemed to have the same attitude towards him, most likely because she was older but he had been given far more opportunities. She'd always resented being born female and had seemed to blame John simply because he hadn't been.
Hath it not, boy?"
Nicole, the woman on my other side, turns to me while her husband wipes the smear of grease from where he failed to catch the piece of fried egg in his mouth. "So how long have you and John been together?" she asks conversationally.
He bent to examine the ligature marks on Stephens' neck; it looked as though strangling him had taken longer than the others. He lifted an eyebrow at John. "How long would you say it took him to die?" he asked.
That people put enough thought and effort into imagining these scenarios that they could probably make them into graphic novels is, needless to say, a little frightening. That many different groups of these people somehow still manage to come up with the same answers is
attention."
John knew that Will had been incredibly proud of his
But the woman was still shaking her head. "It'd be much less efficient, there's no way to guarantee we'd be able to harvest enough oxygen externally to supply the entire university on a day-by-day basis. And even then, to grow an oxyforest like this
"Clearly, we're here to see Lestrade," Sherlock drawled unconcernedly, sidestepping her to enter the low building. "New evidence has come to light regarding the Brackenstall affair."
The younger student stared at him for a moment. "The happiest moment of my life," he repeated softly.
"Mrs Hudson?" Sherlock questions calmly, sitting up and straightening his shirt. The woman flushes and stutters a bit.
, little brother," he scolded lightly.
"Can I?" he asks, looking up at his friend, who let out a sharp yelp when John's teeth pressed at his nipple and a soft moan of disappointment at its release, and now nods furiously as John's fingers dance over the zipper on his trousers.
"I was just wondering… this is where the boy died yesterday, isn't it?" he asked, pitching his voice up a bit, trying to make himself sound younger, more naïve. He thought suddenly that this tactic was going to stop working fairly soon.
your job," Sherlock interrupted. "If someone as high-up in the Government as Mycroft asks you to go to Sussex, then that's your work. You can hand any other cases you have onto another Constable for a few days. If John and I have to go, that's two plays that miss lead actors. Maybe they'd find someone else who isn't as good to play Oberon, but no-one else knows the script for
to the man."
"Oh, for God's sake," Sherlock huffed. "Get out of my way." The people in the suits didn't move; Sherlock looked them up and down. Difficult, perhaps, to deduce a person when all he could really see of them was their full-body suit, although their posture suggested determined, possibly military bearing. "Oh," he said, feeling something ugly and fed up flood the pit of his stomach. "You're going to try and hold this place up, aren't you? You do know this is the most secure bank in the world."
And then suddenly John sat back slightly, leant one arm against the sofa, and grinned, and it wasn't
Charlotte shook her head, still not looking at them. "Don't tell me I'm lucky, or that I should be
John let out his breath noisily. "Jesus."
"We thought maybe it was some kind of machine?" Kirsty cut over Sherlock's admittedly pointless question.
Two burly men appeared in the narrow doorway, holding between them the front end of the tall coffin. Looking at it again, the height of the thing seemed so inescapable; how had they
slept the whole night through?
He caught Will's eye as the detective was running circles around Molly in their first scene together; the playwright grinned at him and mimed wiping his chin, as though to indicate that John was drooling over the two young men on the stage. He sobered quickly. Happy as he was for people to know what was happening between himself and Sherlock, they had not discussed it between them. Sherlock often ran in different circles than he did - his brother worked directly for the
Sherlock obligingly shakes hands with her, smiling politely. "Congratulations on the contract," he says sweetly. She blinks.
go," were tumbling out of it. He gasped and spluttered. The Doctor didn't move, keeping the screwdriver pointed at the light controls, his eyes fixed on Sherlock's feet.
John blinked at her. "Try what?" he asked.
The Vulcan smiled, a genuine one that warmed the corners of his eyes. "Yes," he agreed, placing his large hand over John's where it cupped his jawline. "That helps."
Made glorious summer by this son of York," Sherlock began, drawing out the sound of every word until John could swear his heartbeat slowed to the pentameter,
Sherlock looks from the egg on toast to John and back. "Out," he repeats incredulously.
would surely ensure that he could never sleep again without the memories and wishes and fantasies springing up behind his eyelids.
want you, Sherlock," he said firmly, placing warm, strong hands on Sherlock's knees. "
He sighed. "Everyone sleeps
She clicks her tongue in a gesture of what I think must be sympathy and remains silent for another few moments. Then I hear her draw in a preparatory breath. "Sherlock… John's obviously realised that he's hurt you now. When you let him come back he'll listen to you. It's been a long week for the two of you, and he would have been frustrated and disappointed when you said you didn't love him."
"Oh, for God's sake," Sherlock said loudly. "There have
The great detective shook his head slowly. "I'm still not certain he is keeping Lady Carfax," he mused. "The key to Carfax lies with our old friend Captain Crocker, I'm sure of it. But every time I try to look into him I run into dead ends."
John raised an eyebrow at his tone, which was a little more defensive than Sherlock's question demanded. The detective gave him a stern look. "He's my brother, I know the way he works. He stays as far away from me as possible, so now that I've given him an alternate point of contact for this case, it'll be you that he contacts." Sherlock peeled his mouth into a falsely bright smile, as if to say
Sherlock reached across the small table to pat the woman comfortingly on the back of the hand. "Thank you, Miss Devine," he said softly. "I only have two more questions - would you say that Lady Frances acted any differently before she left? You mentioned that it was unusual for her to go alone."
he greeted.
"Good."
He took Sherlock's hand in his own as the entourage spotted the lovers asleep on the ground and woke them to explain why the two men who had been at each other's throats the last time Theseus had seen them were now sleeping quite peacefully beside each other. The detective turned Amazon princess stroked his shoulder encouragingly.
. "We will be back with a search order, Reverend," he said firmly, but the steely note was gone.
"So," Hannah piped up as they walked. "Where are you two
John's hand asserted itself into the small of his back and remained there as they crossed the living room, pausing briefly to snatch the laptop from the table, and the army doctor courteously opened the door to Sherlock's bedroom. He had not bothered to open the curtains when he had given up on sleep that morning, but he had remade the bed when he had decided to continue this exercise with John, so the room was in soft yellow half-light, one corner of the bedspread turned down invitingly, a brand new roll of bondage tape on the bedside table. John didn't spare the room more than a cursory glance before he had Sherlock up against the doorframe, yanking at the coat he had just slid up Sherlock's arms and stroking his finger over the sliver of delicate collarbone that he exposed. Sherlock shuddered at his touch and moved his own hands to the buttons on his coat, easing John's away before they ripped something, throwing the laptop carefully onto the bed.
Sherlock tried to look affronted. It wasn't terribly difficult. "Of course not, my dear John." The doctor's eyes narrowed again. Sherlock only ever called him
John looks up in surprise as Sherlock's voice rises to a shout and sees a sleek black Mercedes pull into the curb beside them, coasting like a shadowy shark. John stops walking and sighs. "Maybe we should just…" he tries, but the detective has already stopped and yanked open the passenger door.
," he insisted in outrage, refusing John's offer of stepping closer, turning his body away instead.
the younger man breathed, apparently entranced.
"They won't give up, you know," the detective informed him. He opened his mouth to reply that they
, John resolves to himself,
If he thought about it - and admittedly he had been trying not to - his feelings for Sherlock had come upon him so suddenly and so strong as Orsino's for Olivia. He had always thought that there were two kinds of love: the kind that lasted was the kind that started slowly, with conversations and interests, like Will had built his marriage on. The kind he always seemed to end up in seemed to burn out as quickly as it begun, a blaze of passion and obsession that faltered once he actually grew to know the person. If Orsino had ever married Olivia John had no doubt he would have fallen out of love with her within months: this joy was a hunt in itself, and once he had caught her the hunt was over and so the joy with it. It reminded him of his fleeting interest in Molly - he knew very well that if the youth ever showed the slightest interest in him he would never allow either of them to act on it. It was love for the
John begins to switch off. It's a really awful habit, he knows, and yet with Sherlock's profession and his perhaps unhealthy habit of running half a step behind him, he's listened to so many
"I will put my own people onto it," Mycroft told him, standing up and brushing non-existent dust from his trousers. "They have methods of contacting him that your street urchins cannot comprehend."
to be better places."
He hit the point where, he suspected, the other boy had gagged and then backed off; his throat muscles contracted in protest, so he inched off enough for them to settle down before taking a deep breath, opening his throat as wide as it would go, and advancing again.
he asked, and his tone was unexpectedly distant.
ing noise and a dramatic hand gesture. "The first three planets in the solar system exploded. They evacuated Mars as well, but that only ended up covered in dust. A whole world of life just… gone. Because nobody thought to check." He paused. "I was there," he said quietly. "No-one was even watching."
He walked into the class and looked around; most of the seats had already been filled, but there were three or four empty seats that he scanned critically, before making his way to sit beside Julie Simpson, who was looking vacant and seemed to be drooling onto her desk.
He grinned brightly. "Have fun with the wedding scene," the young actor beamed, scuttling off to the other lovers. John grinned at his friend.
. "Oh, nothing, um… hey," he covered lamely.
The detective frowned at him. John frowned back, unsure whether he'd actually done something wrong or whether Sherlock was just frustrated with his lack of progress. One of the letters to Marie Devine came loose from its pin and floated forlornly to the floor.
He sighed and shrugged on the rest of his costume, watching the young Puck slink onstage and startle the tiny fairy that was his partner for the first part of the scene. He watched them for as long as he could, before he had to take his own place behind the stage door for Oberon's first entrance. He glanced over at Sherlock behind the door on the other side of the stage, but the detective wasn't looking at him. Tobias' elaborate costume evidently hadn't fit Sherlock's taller, broader stature, and the detective was draped in a periwinkle-blue dress made from some kind of gauze that floated around his body. John sucked in a deep breath through his nose, feeling a flare of adrenaline he hadn't had in quite a while.
Mrs Hudson squeezes me again; I think I feel my shoulder-blades click. "That's something you'll have to decide for yourself," she says. I'd been afraid she'd come up with something dreadfully unhelpful like this. "But I think John deserves to come back and apologise for the things you were angry about, and for not listening, and I think you need to say to him some of the things you said to me." She paused, her hand rubbing absently at my shoulder. "Do you want me to talk to him first?" she asks tentatively.
Sherlock smiled weakly. "I'm fine, thank you," he replied. "And I won't be seeing him again."
, but because of who I am.
Raising a mock-sceptical eyebrow, Sherlock teased, "What, don't you know where we've landed?"
"I'm a few years ahead," Jim admitted, shrugging it off. "Maths comes easily to me."
?" Sherlock clarified. With the kind of technology that the Doctor was carrying – psychic paper and sonic technology – and the fact that there were inter-galactic travellers at all, Earth couldn't possibly be the most advanced planet out there.
laugh. "I'm not really sure it works that way, Bill."
the dark."
sounded strange spoken in his own mind.
The intention of his words was clear; John wasn't sure whether to laugh or be shocked at what he was implying. Sherlock, too, looked uncertain, glancing at John as though afraid he would react badly before affecting an unconcerned smile. "The back room will be fine, thank you, Angelo," he said brightly, taking the last swill of his tea and pushing the mug across the bar as he stood. "John, I have a few scripts in my room - I'm sure Angelo will entertain you while I fetch them."
Bill jammed a bowl of porridge dusted with sugar like a mountain range in front of him, followed more carefully by a mug of steaming coffee, which John made a beeline for. He had a feeling he was going to need it. The wiry redhead nursed his own cup of black coffee with a kind of fervour that betrayed the amount of caffeine already coursing through his system.
If they're in that basement, it's only a matter of time before they spread throughout the campus. You've already lost four of your staff,
"That would be telling." Sherlock smirked, fighting the urge to move his hand because he wasn't sure if he wanted to move it closer to the French boy's, or further away. "You, on the other hand, you already
, but John beats him to it. "Which may be dull and boring but they're
"Perhaps," Sherlock agreed, nodding shortly. "The question is, was she begging me to believe her - and not go looking for the real killer, - because she was trying to protect a lover; or was she begging me
Said army doctor exchanged a disbelieving glance with Stamford. "We don't know a thing about each other! I don't know where we're meeting. I don't even know your
Sherlock nodded. They had expected this response, as the detective had explained the situation and the plan of attack before they left the inn. "Had to ask," he apologised. "This would be a lot easier if we could force access to the house as soon as possible. I don't suppose the Justice would have any more influence over this, or another Constable who wasn't involved?"
he murmured, pressing the tiniest of kisses on Sherlock's temple,
I could never let
Sherlock frowned heavily. "Of course I know who Sherlock Holmes is," he argued, nonplussed. The man sounded British – had he been there when he'd been the most popular face on the news? Mycroft had told him about the media storm after his departure.
the effect it would have on him and his plans for the day, but that's not possible. John is trying to be as sporadic as possible, and even though he knows Sherlock will figure out what he's trying to do eventually because he's Sherlock and that's what he does, he also knows the detective hasn't quite come to terms with it yet.
," he whined, tugging at the hand on his thigh until it brushed against his groin.
The teacher stroked his hand up the back of Sherlock's neck, twining his fingers in his curls. "Joe," he corrected softly. "Please, it's Joe."
"It was invented by Hermione Granger in 2005," John said proudly. "I know that because she's married to my flatmate's uncle."
- it was going to be over before it had even begun, with the pitch of Sherlock's keening slowly rising until John could barely hear him.
But John had turned his expectations on their head again; he'd meant the explanation of Carl Powers' shoes to be perfunctory, expected John to look politely bewildered and then allow Sherlock to change the subject to something more personal, but John had probed deeper, sounded
"Pollen," Sherlock said, gesturing to the computer. "Clear as a map reference to me. So, the kid who owned those trainers was from Islington, he went to Bloomsbury as many as twenty years ago and left them behind."
Eventually, he pries the woman off the phone and throws the offending piece of gadgetry at Sherlock, sighing heavily. "How sure are you? Because I did
takes place in the middle of a court,
Sherlock's eyelashes fluttered shyly.
No, that's a lie. I knew he'd do this, and I didn't bother to prepare myself because I thought I could handle it – at the very least, I thought he'd listen when I first said 'no'. What I wasn't expecting was his little display of deductive logic after I turned him away.
theme and roll his eyes at the detective. Sherlock shrugs indifferently, as though he really couldn't care less. John, as usual, lets him have his delusions.
The sallow-faced man shook his head silently. Sherlock straightened. "Then I think we can safely assume Lord Brackenstall's work is not the connection. Did he have a diary or appointment-book?"
It was the first day of school. He felt he was entitled.
"The difficulty of it," he said airily, tucking his feet underneath him on the settee as he apparently continued their conversation at the bar, "isn't in playing a woman. Any kid off the street can come in and put on a dress and a wig and a high-pitched voice and technically be a passable woman. The difficulty lies in still performing the
Lady Brackenstall was breakfasting on eggs and toast in the dining room, the long table empty but for her as Teresa stood unwaveringly by her side. Sherlock slid effortlessly into the seat opposite her and steepled his hands beneath his chin.
He gave an apologetic shrug as if he'd
John takes in a deep breath. Sherlock trembles as his cock springs free of his pants, flushed and heavy against his stomach. "
"Oh, the whole class got abysmal results for our last Bio test and she was suggesting we find someone to tutor us." She grinned and adopted Miss Bailey's high, breathy voice. "
The detective tilted his head to one side as if to say,
Sherlock moaned. He felt John's mouth curl into a smile against the tender skin of his neck; the doctor shifted his hand slightly, his fingers feeling delicately between Sherlock's legs until they whispered over his hole and Sherlock had to make another undignified noise. He could
The detective grinned. "Ah, yes," he said. "A young actor I've worked with before. What he lacks in technique he makes up with enthusiasm and I think the role would be a fantastic way to develop his technique."
The FO sighed. "It doesn't matter," he lied. It was almost amusing how he always seemed to think he was convincing when he did that.
, he told himself sternly.
He made sure to emphasise the
, like something you can boast to Lestrade about, but it's not a game for
the dance? This one didn't seem terribly complicated."
A surprised smile weaved its way onto Sherlock's face.
I have a lot of problems with this chapter; when I first included Julien I planned to include it to further tie the story in with the original, but there's so much of Mirith's canon that I've ruthlessly abandoned that I'm no longer sure it fits with my story plausibly. It's now irritating me to the point where I'm just posting it, seeing what people think and focussing on Wholock for a while.
John glanced towards the door. There really wasn't a way to phrase it that sounded good. "A… friend," he said finally. "I noticed him bunking off school and just wondered where he was going. It's… difficult to explain, it sounds really weird when I just say it like that."
Sherlock sits up straighter and folds his hands so that his index fingers tap gently against the succulent curve of his lower lip.
Sherlock couldn't help but smile. "Didn't I always say you were smarter than the rest of them?" he remarked, leaning sideways and pulling the hangers shut once more.
to pursue the idea that he had had, not in the way he was thinking. "Are you going to tell me what it is?"
"Well, Aggie's told me absolutely everything there is to know about the layout of Milverton's house." Sherlock puts down the plate that used to contain some sort of cold pasta and delicately wipes the edges of his mouth with his hand. "I'm going to burgle it tonight."
I agree completely, which is entirely the problem. Things were so much easier when everything was
wasn't kind."
The jeweller nodded, apparently satisfied, and pushed the pile of emerald jewellery across the counter. Sherlock wrapped them carefully in a handkerchief and stowed them in his pocket. "Thank you," John said for him.
John deliberated briefly. He'd always believed in a fine balance between the lead actor of the Admiral's Men, who took even the smallest opportunity to kiss his co-stars and came off as the kind of man that boys and women ought to avoid, and Burbage's opposing approach of avoiding kissing the boys entirely.
