"Alright, so we know what we've got to deal with, so let's get to it." The man handed the mic to a waiting stage hand. Taking the headset he was offered and slipping it on.
A Large black man stepped out onto the stage in a long black coat that was open to reveal his skimpy attire underneath, The man wore a pair of black booty shorts that hugged him just right and a pair of glittery suspenders that twinkled in the stage lights. He had a face that would have been more at home on one of the bouncer's, complete with scars and an eye patch.
When Tony came he decided that it was the best orgasm of his life. And when he felt Steve reach his end moments later he decided, he wanted to be the only one to ever be with Steve like this, he never wanted another hand to touch this man. And he never wanted another man's hands to touch him.
Steve nodded and let his gaze wander around the alley, falling on their lane. . . And on his friends beside it.
Steve looked at the other man as he began to undo his pants. He was surprised to see in his eyes a silent apology. The whoops of approval and laughter that followed the unveiling of Steve's stars-and-stripes boxers almost made Steve himself chuckle. He knew he should've just gone with the plain black ones.
Sam, Nat and Thor all turned to look at him and he sighed. He'd had enough of this, it was time they knew so they would get off his case. "Look guys, I'm not a virgin okay? I just don't like girls."
Tony led the way into the apartment pulling Steve behind him. Steve chuckled, "You seem eager." He said with a grin.
Tony laughed at the picture Steve made, the bright green apron Bruce had given him as a housewarming gift (Clint's had been the same) over his white undershirt. His slacks from last night as rumbled as his hair, which still managed to look good like that.
Steve looked at Tony out of the corner of his eye. This was the man who thought so little of himself that he wouldn't even give himself a chance at a better life. If Steve acted in any way that Tony could interpret as being ashamed to be seen with him any chance Steve had with him would be lost.
Steve chuckled as they reached the parking lot of the club, which was still in business, only it was a different shift of performers now. As the two of them mounted the bike Steve noticed Thor exiting the club.
Tony pointed and soon Steve was prepping him in earnest and ripping open a condom to slip over his own aching cock. Somewhere along the line, when Tony had been too blissed out by the blow job, Steve had removed his shirt and slacks, revealing a length as impressive as Tony had anticipated.
Steve beat his embarrassment down as he squeezed Tony's hand. "This is Tony, a. . . friend of mine."
With that Tony began, He danced and moved like he never had before. He poured out all of his feelings for Steve, whom he knew was watching, into the moves, letting this part of himself drain out. He didn't need it anymore.
"You will soon witness the most tantalizing, extraordinary, and down right sexiest performance you are ever likely to see. So sit back and enjoy yourselves." Fury said as he slipped back into the shadows.
Natasha caught sight of him first and nudged Sam who turned to look, only to have his jaw drop when he saw Steve and Tony walking hand in hand towards them.
And he was kind of getting sick of it. especially as he wasn't the virgin they assumed he was. he'd just never had sex with a woman. . . So he didn't think it counted. . . Or something.
"No! It sounds so mundane when you say it that way. I'm simply . . . starting a fixed lifestyle. No, that doesn't sound right either. . ."
Tony covered his mouth with his hand as he tried to hold back his laugh. "You are just too adorable. First you take me out to dinner and now you want to take me bowling?"
Steve smiled back and offered Tony his arm on instinct. The other man was now used to Steve's odd mannerisms and graciously took it.
Steve scoffed as he flipped a pancake. "This isn't really spoiling you. If I wanted to spoil you I'd give you oral as soon as you woke up and then bring you breakfast in bed while you were still blissed out."
Fortunately Tony saved him from further embarrassment by saying they should get started with their game. So Steve waved goodbye to his friends (who had just finished up their game anyway) and they started up the game.
Tony didn't say anything, only clutched his heart and sighed. 'Why did I just do that?' He wondered, he'd never cared before if someone left him in the middle of the night. He was used to it. Why had Steve's absence had such an effect on him?
Tony watched Steve's receding back till he was out of sight. 'What the fuck?' Tony was still standing there in shock as his friends bombarded him with questions.
Steve just chuckled and gestured to Tony's towel. "Go get dressed, breakfast will be done in about 15 minutes, I still have to make the eggs and. . . the bacon!" Steve exclaimed as he dropped the spatula and pulled open the oven to pull out a sheet pan of bacon with a purple birdy oven mit, a present from Tony's friend Clint (That guy in the purple) that he'd forgotten he had.
Now Tony was used to being naked with eyes running over him. But when Steve racked his eyes over his body he felt like everywhere that gaze fell turned to fire.
Steve was glad the building was dimly lit as he followed Sam, Natasha, and Thor under the glowing neon sign and onto the main floor in search of a table close to the stage. Somehow he had gotten dragged along on this ridiculous 'adventure'. . .
"Good good, So, you guys want to do something fun?" The guy asked, again met with a positive response. "Alright! Let's do something crazy. Let's teach one of you suckers to do what I do." A loud cheer rose from the crowd and Steve saw Nat's face light up like a kid at christmas.
Tony grimaced, "Well, I was twenty-four, broke, and starving. The place had just opened up and there was a sign in their window 'Strippers/Performers Wanted' So I went in, figuring I'd seen enough to do some myself. Fury gave me a chance, and when I started bringing in customers I got moved up. Life is pretty good for me now but. . ."
Steve had been too wrapped up in his thoughts to notice something was happening on the stage, and so was taken completely by surprise when an explosion of green smoke lit the stage.
"Steve I, I need to tell you something. It's. . . If this." Tony gestured between them. "Is going to go anywhere, and I really want it to, then you need to know who I really am before it comes out and you hate me for it. I would rather you hate me now then later."
"I like you too Tony, and as much as you are willing to give me I will take. But if you told me good night right now and I walked out that door right now..."
Steve rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. His bike was the one thing people never suspected about him, but he loved the thing. "Uh, yeah. I have a car but I hate using it."
The 'lesson' went fairly smoothly as things go. After a bit Steve was too busy trying not to get a huge boner to care he was in front of an audience. Half way through the Man teaching Steve how to properly roll his hips the man changed pace and began pulling Steve in close and sliding down his leg. Steve shuddered and gulped as the Man's face came level with his crotch.
"Look Steve, I really like you, like more than I've ever really liked anyone, and that's crazy, because I've only known you for like less than six hours. But I. . ."
Tony had quickly exited the office, but still with a smile. He'd known the gruff farewell had simply been Fury's way of telling him he was going to miss him.
When Tony went on stage he could feel Steve's eyes on him, and he kept finding himself glancing at the man's table. Dying to see that smile again.
As his friends parted, Steve swooped in to wrap him in his arms, gazing into those sparkling blue eyes over that purer than gold smile Tony thought about how sometimes, what someone really needs to succeed in life is to find that person that can inspire them.
Loki continued, "Of course none of this would be any fun if there weren't stakes." The purple man came from backstage pulling a rope with a hook on the end that was connected to the rigging above their heads. He slipped it into the chains and stepped back. "This line will continue to raise me up for five minutes. At the end of that time it will go slack. There is a second line located in the rafters. If I cannot get free by that time. . . " Loki paused for effect. "Well let us hope that does not happen." With that the act began.
Before he turned it on he whispered to Steve. "Hey look, I know you're nervous but don't worry. Even if anyone you know is here What happens here will never be mentioned outside of these walls. trust me."
"Is about to begin." Another voice, that for some reason sent shivers down Steve's spine, came over the speakers as a loud rock song came on. Lasers and mini fireworks lit the stage, the whole club exploded in an array of light and color. Steve was taken completely by surprise, as were about half of the club's population.
Tony grimaced, he'd said it, those words Tony hated with a passion. 'You Deserve' because he never did deserve anything. Steve may think that, but he didn't actually know him. "Look, I don't think that would work out for me." Tony said, pulling back his hand. "Things never do."
"Well then, go out and have fun, He seemed like a nice enough guy." Bruce told him, "Though apparently he's friends with Thor."
"Good evening Ladies and Gentlemen,'' the man began. "My Name is Director Fury, And I will be your Ring Master for Tonight here at Shield Circus."
"Calm down Buddy." Steve whispered to Thor. Who had not taken his eyes off of Loki since the five minutes began. "It's just an act, even if he falls I'm sure they'll have someone catch him."
Tony nodded, not looking Steve in the eye at first. But after a moment he felt a warm hand take his and he looked up in surprise.
Tony nodded absent mindedly. "I think so, I just sort of answered without really thinking. . . nobody's ever just. . . asked me out to dinner."
“My last assignment of the semester,” Steve said as casually as he could. “I still can’t sleep, ma. This is the only way I can stop thinking of him.”
“TV?” he asked and held up the remote, apropos of nothing. Tony didn’t say anything, but the way he kicked back on the sofa, stretched his legs comfortably, and turned so he could watch TV with his head comfortably rested on a cushion was affirmative enough.
Tony snickered and turned a corner. It was a dead end, a little corner where a potted ficus lived and the hallway ended in a five foot window with Victorian arches. Steve turned to see if they’d missed a step when Tony crowded into his personal space again, backing Steve up against the window.
“You’re all just jealous,” he declared to all of them with a self-satisfied smirk, and invited himself to obnoxiously squeeze and caress Steve’s bicep. “I get to do this, and you don’t.”
“It’s Saturday: make it a brunch! It doesn’t have to be extravagant, boss, just pancakes and eggs or something. Homemade potatoes? Just, make sure you get more of this juice,” she added, pouring out the last of the bottle into her glass. “This was excellent.”
The intrusion was strange, but Steve only sucked in a breath in surprise; he’d been so distracted and so eager that it all happened without discomfort. Tony closed his free hand loosely around the base of Steve’s heavy cock, rewarding him with two to three slow, light strokes while working his lubed finger in and out of Steve’s ass, spreading the excessive lube around. He was taking his time, thoroughly working Steve over, until even Steve wanted to cry for him to hurry up. With the little brain power he had left, Steve was plotting different ways to demand more when Tony added a second finger, turning and twisting his fingers inside him.
“He’s helping you out,” Bruce agreed, and Tony vindictively shoved a whole old-fashioned chocolate donut into his mouth in reply.
“For our first date back together,” Tony whispered softly, “let’s go to the clinic tomorrow. Have every fucking test so
But Steve dug his heels in and did his best to pull himself together. As he reminded himself to give Tony the benefit of the doubt, it quickly occurred to him that Tony’s side of the room was equally bare. After all, hadn’t Steve just mistaken the space for a hotel room
“Yeah, but whatevs, man. We’re cool,” Patrick said with a bashful little shrug. “You look like you need it more than I ever did.”
“It’s been four months, how’re you still so gross? Fuck you both.” Bucky groused loudly, and since they were at his stop, he trudged down the stairs while giving them both the finger. “Call me when you’re over the honeymoon phase bullshit!”
Like a bat out of hell, he ditched his food and bolted across the street. He wove past pedestrians and strollers alike, then turned down an alley until the large, imposing doors to the city library came into view.
“I watch our videos two, three times a day. I’ve memorized every sound you make,” Steve murmured, sweeping his big palms up and down Tony’s back before taking him more firmly around the waist. “Every look into the camera. The memory of you looking up at me… but, this isn’t just sex, is it?”
Except, he didn’t have time for a headache. He had a 3:10 out of LaGuardia, and he had less than an hour to pack for a trip he knew nothing about.
Bucky gave Steve a tired look then dismissed Tony’s offer with a reluctant shake of his head. “How can we help you, Mr. Stark?”
The woman’s gaze had flittered back to Mrs. Hansen. She explained that she couldn’t remember, that it had been too dark, but given her earlier testimony, Tony reminded her that she’d charged Barnes for multiple services over a six hour period. How was it possible that she could have spent six hours naked with a man and not know if he was hairless, ungroomed, or a compromise of the two? Surely whether a man had hairy or waxed balls would be abundantly obvious to a woman in her line of work.
Instead, small, daily rituals became their foundation. Every day that they were available at home, Tony carved twenty to thirty minutes out of his lunch time so they could take a walk together. For them it wasn’t as easy as letting themselves out to wander through the White House gardens, so ‘a walk’ usually meant wandering the halls and visiting historic rooms and artwork, or bowling a few rounds in the basement. On the weekend, they watched TV and movies in the family theater so it was more like an intentional date than falling in front of a TV in the Residence, and they only kept a TV in the dining room for emergencies.
“Good thinking,” he told her as soon as the door closed behind them, barely keeping calm himself. “Good think—two weeks, that’s good, that’s really good, I need—are you married?”
Luckily, Maria only laughed at Steve’s comment, but that didn’t mean she slowed the car down. “We have work to do, why should we drive slowly? You know how to bake, don’t you?”
After his short conversation with Jim, Steve checked his phone and found a new video message waiting from Natasha. As impatient as he was to learn every scrap of information he could about Tony, the knowledge that his husband was safe and resting gave Steve enough willpower to wait to watch the video in private. Phil and Bucky and the rest of the staff already knew so much about him and Tony, and selfishly, Steve coveted every opportunity for a modicum of privacy.
“And I’m not half as worried about my career as I was about how today would end,” Tony admitted before his pride interfered. The least Tony could do was to put himself out there after Steve took a chance and proposed. “Steve, I thought you were breaking up with me.”
Brock blushed a deep shade of red at the memory and looked like he was about to choke in his effort to bite his tongue. Sharon cut a betrayed look at her fiancé.
Sharon recognized him with a soft gasp of surprise. She tried not to smile back. “James! Where on earth have you been? I’ve been searching London for you,” she said with an air of indignation. Before Steve could reply, she switched on the intercom speaker. “007 is here, sir.”
“—Do not ask me how that makes me feel!” Tony snapped, but Dr. Odinson only closed his mouth, gave Tony a moment of peace, then tried again.
It had taken Q-branch two hours to realize they couldn’t do it. Steve didn’t have much hope, but maybe they’d get something here. All he needed was a lead.
. He’d built it himself; it had seen him through his first big break. Everything he’d ever written was on there, his expose on the double dealing Stane Inc., his award winning interview with Bruce fucking Wayne. The next chapter of his self-insert Superman fan fic that was over fifty pages and wasn’t backed up anywhere else.
A fuzzy-looking second year eyed him skeptically, then without so much as acknowledging Steve’s words, he shoved a big glossy packet at him. “Class schedule, map, book list.”
When he finally had Steve turn back around to wash his front, Tony almost gave up on the sponge all together. “You strike a hard bargain,” he murmured with an appreciative tone, staring shamelessly at Steve’s clear show of interest. But he resisted the urge to rush, instead indulging in the pleasure of washing the firm muscles of Steve’s chest and shoulders, muttering silent curses under his breath at the surreal cut of Steve’s body.
On a whim, Steve interrupted Tony’s farewell to ask, “Before you left for Vancouver, were you seeing anyone here in New York?”
“I just saw your last text. Sorry I didn’t get back with you earlier, Tony,” Steve replied. It had been long enough that calling him by his name was second nature. “What did you want to talk about?”
Tony tried to sound like the indignant, blameless victim in this whole travesty, but he got no further than wheezing Steve’s name before Steve’s strong, devilish fingers honed in on the most sensitive, ticklish areas on Tony's body. It didn’t matter that Tony had grown since college, or that he’d put on noticeably more muscle since starting his company two years ago: Steve had matched him step for step. Every now and then - when Tony wore something particularly fitted around his shoulders or his arms were bare - Steve would forget whatever else required his attention and gather Tony up in his arms, testing to see if he could still lift his lover without difficulty.
"I know this is really shitty Tones... But you have me and I have you... That's all we need for now... And even tough we can't be out there helping, there's another heroes out there, all the doctors and nurses! And they're doing all they can to save the life of thousand peoples just like we did a few years ago... And we have to do our part and stay here praying and hoping than someday this is gonna end and we will be out again...that's our job now..."
"I know you don't...but it might work..." The billionaire said as he brushed Steve sweaty bangs "Just a try?"
Tony went to his lab to work on his suit, he really tried to not be to engaged on his ironman suits because he made that promise to Steve but he felt that very soon he would need one and he needed to be prepared no matter what, the man was still thinking about what Ross said, he hadn't talked to Thor since he went away after ultron, and he couldn't find Bruce on earth, he knew his friend was somewhere on space probably death or still Hulk but he was lost at that, the space was an unknow place for him...
"Wow did I heard right?" Tony joked. "Friday please record this" He said to his watch, Steve blushed a bit but smiled, if Tony humor was back that meant the pain was better.
If there was something worse than watch Steve get a surgery without any type of anesthesia, that would be the recovery, a normal person would be given morphine or any other painkiller to keep the pain at bay, but Steve wasn't a normal person his metabolism was faster than any human so he just burned through every painkiller known by medicine, and even though Tony and Bruce had tried everything in their power to synthetize something for him, they still got nothing worthy of even a try.
"How about we have those pancakes and then we start with christmas decorations eh?" The blonde asked. "Then we can videocall everyone and show them...sounds good?"
"Okay Steve this is gonna hurt but you gotta hold on okay...?" Bruce said. "You can hold Bucky and Tony hands okay?"
A pained groan was all Tony got and suddenly he was flying away saying that Cap was down on the coms... Thor inmediatly covered him up his lighting striking as much Hydra soldier as he could, Tony went behind the trees with Bucky following close and both found Steve laying on the ground blood pooling at his left leg where there was a gaping hole...
"It's okay big guy..." he said as he rubbed circles on the soldier back. "You can cry as much as you need to... I'm not planning to go anywhere..."
"Hill called me and said you were in need of a little help" the man said. "Shall we go and have some dinner?"
Tony opened his arms and Steve crashed into them hiding his face in Tony shoulder and sobbing into it, hot tears getting the expensive Tom Ford wet but the billionaire didn't care he just wanted to be there for his lover... even if it was for one second, the accords didn't matter, just Steve and him...
"My mom made me..." the blonde said. "I was really mad... but Bucky said that I would be a good way to impress girls..."
The woman smiled and turned away walking towards the house, Tony took Steve hand and made the follow him to the barn, once there he trapped the blonde lips in a kiss leaning against the truck...
"I have to deal with a God, a man with angry issues, a playboy philantrophist two assasins a young girl with amazing and also scary powers and an android who knows a lot of things but at the same time is like a newborn..." The blonde said. "It's a gift"
"This ones have a special liquid so they're gonna stay nice and cold for a while" Bruce said. "Call if the pain get's worse or if you need something ok?"
"I know..." Steve said suddenly remembering Tony's laying like a broken toy after he snapped in the final battle. "I've been there..."
It was a sunny late evening at the Barton farm house, the avengers except Thor were still hiding away after the incident with ultron and the hulk, Bruce was really guilty but everyone reasured him that this wasn't his fault and that he shouldn't feel sad about it, there was a bunch of Tony lawyers already dealing with that...in that moment Nat was with Clint kids feeding the hens, Bruce was doing some Yoga outside and Tony and Steve were cutting up some wood for the fireplace later, Clint and Laura watching them from the window of their room...
Steve couldn't do much other than nod, the exhaustion of days without sleep cathing up with him, the blonde followed Tony to their shared room and let him take away his pants only leaving him in his shirt and boxers before climbing up to bed with him the blonde immediatly cuddled up to Tony side making himself small to fit in the brunette arms...
So the only thing Tony could do, was to make sure Steve was as comfortable as posible while he recovered from his knee surgery, he wasn't usually injured during battle but hydra managed to shoot him at the knee with a new weapon and they had to finish everything and leave so he could be operated asap, the operation itself was horrible Bucky having to hold Steve while Tony gave him something to focus on rather than the excruciating pain he was feeling.
"Yeah..." he said. "It worries me what I saw... there's someone else playing with us like we're chess pieces and I'm gonna find out who is it... after all everything in this world has a explanation... everything besides this man" he added patting Tony chest. "I don't know how you do it Cap..."
Tony giggled and Steve just shook his head at Peter antics, that kid could be rambling for hours but he could listen to it if that meant Tony would be happy, and Tony was always happy when Peter was around, he loved him like a father would to his son, and that made Steve proud of his husband, it was one December day late night, after the first time were intimate with each other, both were cuddling in Tony's bed and the man told him everything about his father and how he was with him, he also told him about his broke up with Pepper because of his fear of having kids because he didn't want to be like him, Steve just listened patiently and reasured him he wasn't Howard and that if in the future they decided to adop he would be with him all the way...
"Tony I'm sorry I just can't keep talking about this... god my head really hurts..." the blonde said massaging the bridge of his nose. "Can we talk about this later?"
It was evening at the lake house, Steve and Tony where both outside at the porch, Tony was quietly sleeping in the swinging bed while Steve drawed in his chair, it had been almost two months since Thanos defeat and even though Tony was almost recovered he still suffered from the side effects of the stones power, his body was still weak, and somedays he had bouts of pain that left him on bed for most part of the day that was the main reason he still hadn't tried the prostetic arm Shuri did for him, Steve knew it wasn't easy for Tony and he was sarting to get worried because the nightmares of Peter dying and Thanos killing him, didn't help at all, Steve was giving the finishing touches to Tony face in his draw when he noticed his housband was frowning in his sleep his hand subconciously reaching for his bandaged shoulder, Steve cleaned the charcoal out of his hands before getting up and reaching out for Tony hand his other hand cradling the genius raven hair...
Steve giggled and finally stood up to dance with Tony, both of them had silly smiles and were holding hands while doing horrible and embarrasing dance moves, Steve wasn't a great dancer back in the forties so now was just the same, and he was sure Tony could do really better than that but for now it didn't matter, he felt better, more relaxed and free than he had been in years...by the time the song had ended a yawn made his way through the blonde and Tony knew he couldn't miss the moment...
When Tony and Steve first heard of the virus the weren't worried, if the world survived Thanos a virus wasn't gonna do the job right? Well things never worked the way they wanted and when this Coronavirus shit got to america and the rest of the world suddenly everything stopped, people had to stay at home no one could go out, not even to watch the sunrise, and that included the avengers, so Clint was at home, Bucky, Sam and Wanda where at wakanda so they had to stay in there, Bruce and Thor were at the compound, Rhodey was at his own home as Pepper and Happy, Peter was at his  apartment in Los Angeles with Ned Harley and MJ, now that they were in college they decided to share apartment lastly Tony and Steve that were on the lake house almost isolated from all people, part of it was beneficial as they had less risk of boing infected, but being alone in a place for so long time... At first it was even fun they did a lot of things, they played games, cooked together, did special things for each others birthdays, exercised every morning and the sex...that was a plus, a very relaxing and pleasurable plus, however now that it was Christmas and once again they found themselves alone, Tony was about to lose it...
It was late night at the Tower, Tony was once again on his lab working, after Peter last encounter with the vulture the billionaire decided to give the Spiderman suit an upgrade, he wanted the kid to be safe and out trouble but because that was almost impossible, he decided to make him an extra safe suit, now that was the reason Clint said Peter was his son, but Tony preferred the term Protegé it was more classy, after fixing the glitch on the webshooters the genius considered himself satisfied with his work and called it a night opting for sleeping earlier today, he went to the kitchen for a leftover when he saw a lump on the sofá and sighed knowing that it was Steve, the blonde was having a  bout of nightmares and insomnia after his encounter with Pierce and his old, presumed dead and brainwashed friend Bucky, that brough back some memories from his past that he wanted to forget...
"Tony you're shaking are you alright? nightmares again?" he asked now with a worried face. "I can go there if you want me to...May's is in a bussisnes trip and I don't have school for the rest of the week... there's a Spider plague on school can you believe it? and I hate them thanks god I don't have six arms or legs! but don't tell anyone specially Clint or Sam! you gotta promise Tony I'm serious!
"Yes, but we cannot leave that control in the hands of unknown people!" the blonde said. "Look what happened with Shield! we tough we knew them! we thrusted in them and hydra almost killed you and other thousand people more!"
It was night at the lake house, and Steve layed awake in he and Tony's bed wtching his husband sleep, since Thanos ended the billionaire keep having nightmares that usually left him wide awake in cold sweat and trembling, Steve was always up in a instant, after being in the war he learned to be ready for almost everything also waking up in the middle of the night to an uncomming attack, so he always was there to hug Tony calm him down and give him water or anything he needed, so the moment Tony eyebrows furrowed and he began mumbling things the blonde opened his eyes and started rubing circles on Tony back...
"I know that..." the billionaire said. "and I have the perfect solution for that... Jarvis music please..."
After Bruce left with the nurse, Tony resumed his work of taking care of Steve, he knew the blonde had suffered in the past, then he suffered again when he came back from the ice to a completely unknown world, he used to be quiet and not so talkative unless it was to give orders in battle, but after living in the Avengers tower for years and specially since he started to date Tony he began to loosen up and be more open about himself and his things, and the billionaire was glad he made part of that change...
Steve leaned closed to Tony ear his voice was surprisingly smooth and calming, it also had a small vibrato that was incredibly comforting, Tony eyes started to drop at the sound of Steve voice, and for a moment he felt that he would be able to sleep deeply and without nightmares, there in the comfort of his husband arms and with a real beautiful sun shining in the horizon...
"I was wrong too" Tony said looking at Steve directly in his eyes. "There's a lot of things that make you special..."
Tony bolted awake gasping for air, Steve inmediatly hugged him and rocked him back and forth while muttering comforting words, eventually Tony calmed down enough but he was still trembling, Steve knew Tony worst nightmares were about Peter, he knew the kid meant a lot to Tony, and after the man had saw the kid die in his arms he had been really guilty about that, it took Steve a lot of convincing for Tony to believe Thanos was the only one to blame, but even with that Tony still had nightmares about what happened...
It didn't take more than ten seconds for Peter to answer the call and both men could see his sleepy face, his deshiveled hair and hear his sleep induced voice...
Steve pushed Tony away both mens startled the brunette falling to the floor, both looked at the side and Nick Fury was there hiding in the shadows like always...
"Sorry if I interrupt something" she said. "But our truck doesn't work properly and Clint said you wouldn't mind..."
"Hey..." He said his face softened. "I know that this is hard... And before you said something I do know... I came here to a competely new world a lot of things changed for me and I really tought I would break but then I meet you and the other guys and I understand that even tough things were different and hard I was lucky to be alive and to have you and the others, you loved me and I also loved you so I had a reason to live for..."
Tony positiones himself carefully on Steve uninjured side and let the blonde  cuddle him the best he could, without noticing he began to hum to some random italian song his mother used to sing to him and just after a few minutes he felt Steve muscles give in and relax completely he didn't need to look down to know the blonde was asleep, Tony kissed his forehead and closed his eyes too feeling tired too after the whole ordeal.
"How are you doing?" Tony asked as he cleaned Steve sweaty neck with a cold cloth. "Want some water? maybe something to eat?"
"Ha! you're finally admiting we're a thing!" the man said wriggling his eyebrows. "Honestly I tought this will be just sex but this is getting deliciously serius..."
"Shhhh..." Tony interrupted. "I'm not Hitler you can have your own opinions... also I did't came here for that..."
"What...? Tony...? Cap...?" he asked confused. "It's like three a.m... did something happened? do I need to suit up...?"
"I know" The blonde said while massaging his husband back. "Just breathe... the pill will make effect in a few minutes..."
"Sure big guy" Tony said putting a straw on the soldier lips. "Nice and slow... need anything else?"
Tony dressed in a black suit and left the house without giving any explains to the others he saw that text message and he knew where Steve was, Peggy Carter had passed away and he knew just how much she meant to his boyfriend, he loved her too, his father used to left him with her a few times and she was really nice to him, a few years back when he helped Steve found if some friends from the 40's were still alive they found her and since that both went to visit her almost once a week, when the billionaire reached the church he saw Steve he was at the front and he looked so sad and lost, Tony wanted nothing more than to go there and hug him but the mass had already started so he stayed in the back... Half hour later the ceremony was over and everyone was gone except for Steve and Tony, the billionaire got up and went to talk to Steve...
"Listen I know that because we're boyfriends you probably want me to say that I'm gonna sign the accords but..."
The blonde nodded shortly, the doctor poured peroxide inside de gaping hole and Steve half groaned half screamed, Bucky held him pretty good the whole time,Tony gaunlet holding his hand at the best of his habilities, but it was still hard to see Steve almost screaming in pain... Bruce did a strong bandage to try and stop the bleeding while muttering that the gas must have something that didn't let Steve healing factor work, by the end the blonde was almost crying but alive, Thor leaded the rest of the team into finish the fight and they flew away to the compound, where doctor Cho was already waiting, they took Steve to the regeneration machine he was deeply unconcious and Tony almost lost it but Bucky calmed him down, it was almost an hour later when Dra Cho told him the thing was finished, the gas was out of his system and Steve was awake and asking for him, Tony ran to Steve room and hugged him crying to his board chest.
Steve just nodded feeling miserable enough and Tony ordered Jarvis to told Bruce the blonde was ready for the ice treatment, soon the doc and a nurse entered the room with two ice packs, they gently placed one over his bandaged knee and the other under it, the soldier hissed at the pain but relaxed after a minute, when the cold took the edge of it, away making it bareable for him.
“Why does everyone seem to think I want to seduce Bruce Wayne?” Tony grumbled mostly to himself, flagging down the bartender for a needed drink. “I wanna nail him, not
“I love you. I love what we have, what we do,” Steve whispered with the urgency of a man desperate to be believed. “I don’t need more.”
to the car and back to Manhattan, but for once, he kept his opinion to himself. He dug a little red fez out of his pocket, then handed his jacket over. “How will you find me with your horde of fans?”
From behind the cover of a falling body, one lone figured rushed at Steve in attack. Every punch landed with unwavering confidence, every kick devastating. In his surprise, Steve fell back on the defensive. For one, surreal moment, blow after blow forced him down on his knees. As he protected his face and his torso, he could see out of the corner of his eyes as the black-clad figures dashed off into the shadows with food and water clutched to their bodies.
This time, Tony’s smile was unmistakable. Steve felt tension bleed from his posture as he indulged in Tony’s happiness even from a distance.
“Zara?” Steve echoed, as if waiting for the punchline, but when Sharon only turned to lead the way, he grabbed her by the elbow and turned her in the direction of the bar instead. “Forget it, Carter: I’ll take my chances with what I’ve got.”
Steve kept his eyes on what he was doing. Slice a potato; stack the slices; cut lengthwise. He avoided the onions for now.
They walked through the streets of Eisenturm hand in hand, and with Bucky and Natasha beside them, they looked like any two friendly couples making their way to the Christmas market.
Tony’s jaws worked in agitation, and when he spoke his lips curled back in distaste, as if he didn’t want anything to do with the words he said. “It makes me feel great! Okay? It’s no big deal. It makes me feel
“Then why don’t you suggest someone,” Bruce said with a huff. “I’m doing all the work here, and this isn’t even my damn problem—”
“You know I’ve already forgiven you, right?” Tony said when Steve made yet another benign, pleasant comment about the scenery passing them by along the Portuguese coastal highway.
button on time. He stood too close, he smelled like cigarettes, and he leered at Steve openly with a cheshire cat grin.
“I can’t help that you think I’m cute,” Steve told him with feigned innocence, and Tony’s smirk almost slipped into a laugh.
The answer was obvious, and Tony gravitated to the wheeled in tray of food like a moth to a flame. After the day they had had, neither of them was particularly talkative. They grabbed a plate each, found some comfortable spot on a couch or in an armchair, and tucked into their food with a bottomless appetite. The lamb rump was tender and beautifully seasoned, and even Steve, who probably should have gone light on those potatoes, threw caution to the wind and scraped up every delicious spoonful.
Steve crouched beside the platform then, cradling Tony’s head in his hands and pressing their foreheads together, grounding them both in one shared moment of peace.
“Dude, listen. I hate the burst your bubble, but,” Clint said from his leisurely sprawl at his desk nearest the Captain’s office, and he paused long enough to thoroughly chew and swallow his beef jerky before elaborating. “The man’s birthday’s the Fourth of fucking July. You ain’t getting a reservation for a day like that in a city like this with two days to spare.”
“Finally feel you, so good, baby, so big—so big inside me,” Tony panted against his lips, so close Steve could feel Tony’s mouth curled up in a mischievous grin. “Can feel you watching me… you missed me, didn’t you, Steve? Missed this ass?”
“There’s gotta be a dozen of these websites,” Sam said in the awkward tension - in part to break it up, and in part because he felt the theory was a little crazy in its scope. “You really think they’d all be here?”
“Tony, that’s incredible!” Steve shot to his feet in his excitement and wrapped Tony in a fierce hug, so grateful and so happy - until he realized what he was doing. Quickly he let go and stepped back, but luckily Tony was still smiling (if a little breathlessly, after an unexpected supersoldier squeeze).
“Hi Tony,” he said with a smile of surprise. “This is Steve Rogers, we met the other day. You helped me with some computer files.”
“Something’s bothering you, Tony. We need to talk about it,” Steve continued, straightening so he could look Tony in the eyes. It hurt to see Steve’s concern, because Tony knew Steve genuinely wanted to work things out. Steve wasn’t the kind of man to give up on him—to give up on
“‘Tony Stark, World Champion Bareback Rider, 2004,’” Tony recited without having to look. Steve’s grip of his waist tightened, and Tony pressed his hips forward to indulge Steve’s greedy hands. “My first world championship prize. The rest are in drawers with the other stuff, but this one’s my favorite. I was so damn nervous,” he sighed to himself, almost as an afterthought.
,” Steve growled as he lunged to catch up with his friend, dragging him to a halt so he could hide behind Bucky’s bulk. “Bucky, that’s him. That
“Honey, what do you want me to say? I tried to scare you off the coffee, you drank it anyway. You could have listened like a good kid so mommy and daddy didn’t have a kid hopped up on caffeine, but you snuck some coffee anyway, so mommy and daddy let you go run outside with the dogs until you were tired. Either way, your height wasn’t our concern,” she concluded. “Of all medical myths, mommy and daddy were much more interested in the g-spot.”
With a full-body shudder, he dug through his bag for toiletries and clean underwear before rushing to the shower. The white noise of the water filled the void around him, and if he closed his eyes and focused on only that, he could imagine himself back in his own apartment, in his own shower, in the middle of a city where reliable security was ready to respond from every floor of his apartment building at every hour of the day.
He had been so wrapped up in staying alive and flattening the fiends that it took him much too long to tie the stray clues into a lead.
“Don’t be such a drama queen,” Bucky muttered while Steve continued his rambling disagreement with everything they were currently doing, not least of all missing the actual game, when Tony and his lady friend unexpectedly stepped out of the restaurant.
The announcement that enough food and supplies was available for the survivors did nothing to reduce the line of people waiting to offer their help. One young mother arrived with a large vegetarian stew full of various beans, legumes, potatoes, and figs for survivors who could not eat meat, wheat, or dairy. A teenager stood patiently in line for nearly an hour to donate his favorite childhood books; in a trembling but determined voice he told Steve that while he loved them, he didn’t need them the way some kids at the camp might. They were stories of young folk heroes, champions of kith and kin that children could identify with in times of hardship.
But Tony didn’t take the cotton candy! He put something in Steve’s mouth instead then peered at him like he was the last to know that nothing in the whole wide world was better than cotton candy. Steve would’ve reminded him if it wasn’t for the incredible water on his tongue, and he sucked on the straw for more - but Tony moved it away.
The only exception seemed to be Netflix documentaries. Steve adored them and couldn’t bear to leave them unwatched, and like most things he enjoyed, he wanted Tony to do it with him. And it wasn’t that Tony didn’t like Netflix documentaries, it was just… they weren’t exactly cheerful. Documentarians had a knack for reminding Tony of things he often tried not to think about - like how racism will never end, or the miserable advent of cyberbullying, or how we’re all basically going to die once global warming melts the Siberian tundra and unleashes unprecedented levels of carbon dioxide that’s been stewing from rotting vegetation trapped under the ice for millenia.
“I kinda liked your earlier suggestion better,” Steve admitted with a hopeful but sheepish smile. “If it’s still on offer?”
“I’ll, um. I’ll go help,” Steve said and followed on Laura’s heels, while Tony all but tripped his chair over in his rush to follow Steve to safety.
“...this is mine,” Tony said under his breath not knowing if he should stare at the ring or at Steve. If he’d been given infinite time to predict how Steve would finally explain the ring, an engagement and wedding ring for him wouldn’t have occurred to him in a million years.
“Uh,” he said eloquently into the silent room of people waiting for his response. “Right, exactly. Uh, there’s—Mary, I will have to talk to her, right, thank you, Sharon, I—I, because I will not be able to get back with her until next Monday, because I, uh, I will be away. I will be away for the weekend with my fiance.”
Steve got to his feet and promised Taobe he would be right behind him, but before he followed, Steve turned to where Bucky and Rhodey were waiting to see him.
Living together, even if it was temporary, made so many things in Steve’s life feel less dull and repetitive. Although they were sent most of their meals from their respective nutritionists, they were responsible for their two morning meals. Most days he had to be on set around the same time Tony would start getting ready for the gym, but Tony would get up early to wake him up with coffee and hang out with him while he ate breakfast, then send him off to work with a kiss.
The Factory Bar had great food, a great atmosphere, and Steve hadn’t been there in ages. “I can’t wait to try them, Tony,” Steve answered sincerely. “On our second date.”
Steve shifted, without pulling out or grinding further in, and Tony could still feel it all around him and inside him. He opened his eyes just as Steve leaned in to kiss his cheek, then gently swept his thumb over his cheeks, one at a time. “I got you, Tony,” he whispered, his low, hoarse voice a reassuring contrast to the galloping heartbeat in Tony’s ears. “You’re stunning, you’ve been so good. Trust me, I got you.”
These final moments in the car en route to the airport would be his final moments of peace in a life that was his own, by his rules. The thought of losing his agency again terrified him, so he sat in meditative silence for as long as that car ride afford him, breathing through his rising panic.
“Don’t. I just want to say something… Look, Steve. You and I both know that I’m a mess, kinda like you right now. I’m stubborn. I can’t keep my mouth shut and I say things I know I shouldn’t say. I’m inconsiderate and egoistical and I don’t care for anyone else. Or so I thought until about 24 hours ago. The point is that I care about you Steve. Hell, I freaking love you. No- I’m not done yet. I don’t expect you to reciprocate my feelings. I know I’m not easy to love, but I just… I wanted you to know… That I care.”
“First of all,” Tony answered, before Steve got a chance to continue. “That’s kind of you to offer, Steve, but you’re a guest. Guests don’t do work.”
“We got this,” Tony reminded himself and Steve once their second to last appointment stepped out of the room. “Just one more. 12 more minutes.”
The night passed easily after that. Rhodey arrived as Captain Planet, complete with green wig and his skin painted blue, accompanied by Carol who was dressed as Gaia in leaves and a long, flowing green dress. The four of them carved out a little space for themselves near the bar until the Superbro Caucus rode into the party dressed as various Norse Gods. Most of them followed Thor around  the party, but their eight-legged horse broke free to join the little group by the bar. The unfriendly side of Sleipnir turned out to be Natasha, and Bucky had been typecast as the ass.
Steve blinked up at him, then without saying anything he pulled the wet folds of Tony’s open shirt apart to see what had happened.
“Right, okay. Listen. Here’s the thing,” Tony said with feigned confidence, speaking quietly in case of active eavesdropping. “Uh, wait. What do you want first: the good news or the bad news?”
“Are you going to introduce us or not?” Howard asked Tony then in the relative privacy when Clint stepped out of the room. “We ain’t seen you in seven years, and now you’ve been here five minutes with no manners and pitchin’ a fit?”
“No, he cannot,” Steve said much too quickly, because as much as he’d like to tell himself he didn’t have opinions about his wedding day, there was no question he’d involve a horse.
“Come here, my pet,” Steve coaxed him in a gentle voice, and Tony knew this was it. This was how it always started.
Mornings like this, when Steve wasn’t needed on set and they could both sleep in, Steve woke up early on his own just for the pleasure of waking Tony up with freshly brewed coffee. Watching his peaceful, sleeping face scrunch up irritably at the thought of waking up, then sniff deliberately for the heady, flavorful aroma of fresh, hot coffee was one of Steve’s favorite ways to start the day. Tony would push himself up to sitting long enough to find the coffee, cradle it in his hands, then fall into Steve’s anchoring weight for warmth and comfort. Sometimes they sat together like that for five to ten minutes, Tony sipping his drink while Steve indulged in the drowsy, unguarded affection Tony shared so easily in those cozy, private moments before facing the world.
From experience, Steve knew getting Brock alone would be easier said than done. Sharon was always hovering, and if she wasn’t, their other serpentine friends were. He already knew he wasn’t getting any productive work done if he went home, so Steve continued wandering around campus trying to think through how he might get Brock alone for just a few minutes.
Tony raised his brows and pursed his lips in a smile of casual acceptance. “Were his recommendations good?”
Steve stifled a laugh at her surprise, but he didn’t turn to look. He didn’t need to. Besides, they had work to do.
“We don’t have to finish it,” Tony reminded him mildly, not sure what to make of Steve’s pinched look of concern. When Steve didn’t acknowledge his comment, Tony leaned in and softly said, “Steve?”
“You come on my cock, Tony, nothing else,” Steve growled, his voice tight and hoarse from need and exertion. Then, his lips curled up in a dark smirk, and lowered his voice to ask, “Are you watching yourself, Tony? What do you see?” he asked with a guttural grunt, slowing his thrusting and changing his position until he found the right angle to grind against Tony’s prostate, reducing him to a mewling, desperate mess; he bent over Tony’s body and closed his lips and his teeth over a nipple, biting and laving it with his tongue in turn between his questions. Tony sobbed with the need to come—he was so full, so close, all he needed was a touch, just a little—
“I’ve been trying to find you everywhere to show you; hi, sorry, totally barging in here,” he momentarily acknowledged the women as he scrolled through his phone for a video to show Phil. “Here! Victoria didn’t have your number, or she’d sent it to you.”
“Of course I’ve considered that,” Steve whispered miserably. “But if I am not bound to the Chief, she will not release you and Tony. And she will punish you for abandoning the mating.”
“That’s all I care about, Tony. I mean it,” Steve promised when Tony only gave him a dry look in return. “You’ve been working on Dum-E around the clock. I know you’ve been busier than usual, I haven’t seen you in weeks.”
Two slick, black shoes were on his doorstep, and as Steve slowly straightened, the shoes connected to the expensive suit, broad shoulders, and pencil thin mustache of Howard Stark. Steve stared at the man, half-convinced it was an early morning hallucination. The other half of his thoughts weren’t quite as convinced of anything, divided as he was between wondering if it was too late to cover his junk, and why a billionaire had taken his morning paper.
“Cut the bullshit!” Steve snarled, and in the near distance, a morality box whirred to life. “Outside the museum, I saw you and Rumlow together. He had a full ten seconds to think about where to put a bullet in your head, so why didn’t he?”
Steve rumbled against Tony’s ear. “I want you naked and in this position by the time I come back, sweetheart. Can you do that for me, show me how bad you need to be fucked?”
Tony was waiting outside of the restaurant when Steve arrived. He wasn’t on a call, or off in his own world solving the impossible. He just stood on the sidewalk, trying to seem casual. At a glance it was clear there was nothing casual or relaxed about him, though. Tony couldn't stand still. He shifted his weight on his feet restlessly, bouncing a little on the balls of his feet; his fingers were tightly wound around his phone, spinning it between his fingers and fiddling with it endlessly to check the time every second and, even in the short time it took Steve to walk up to him, Tony couldn’t seem to decide if he wanted to keep his hands behind his back, or shoved deep into his pockets.
Those weren’t shadows on his phone; it was the movement Steve had been waiting for. Ceramic souvenir clocks were being taken off the shelf in a hurry under cover of darkness. Steve picked up his pace.
Tony bit his lip to keep from snickering at Steve’s sudden lack of control, but it would take a stronger man than he to deny Steve. He ran his fingers over Steve’s skin as the shower water washed over him, until there was no arguable reason to delay.
Bucky hummed quietly in what Steve could only assume was surprise. “Thank you, Mr. Stark,” Steve said, pleasantly surprised himself. “Who else has been with you from the start? Family or partners, colleagues, collaborators?”
After a quick trip to his home office, Steve returned with a small, unassuming John Lewis shopping bag.
“And should you need guidance on the acts that follow,” Thor added to the consensus of murmured agreement, “I have millennia of experience with all variations of your kind. With Jane’s permission, of course, I could demonstrate—in fact, she, too, is exceptionally talented, you could learn a great deal—”
“And if Uncle Tony isn’t with us, Uncle Rhodey won’t come,” she concluded without so much as a peep about their (her) plans. “We love you! Be safe!”
“They’re not faster than cheetahs!” Harvey disagreed, and Tony gently squeezed Harvey's shoulder in a reminder to calm down. Harvey turned to him instead and asked, “Mr. Tony, isn’t it true that cheetahs are super fast?”
“It’s not impossible,” Tony conceded, struggling to keep from smiling too broadly. “You want to keep your pants on, too?”
Maria stepped out to join them on the porch, still drying a mixing bowl with a tea towel. “Now, I know y’all aren’t planning to do something stupid. Tony?”
Steve’s righteous anger deflated. He wanted so badly to call her ugly, unfortunate looking, or any of the hurtful words people used to cut others down when they were feeling insecure.
Tony never told Steve about his run in with the government. At first it was only because the men in black suits had looked so absurdly cliché, but once Tony was shown R&D’s basement offices at the SIS building and invited to poke around their shiny gadgets and fancy cars, then even introduced to Q himself, it felt wrong to openly talk about it. Instead, Tony let Steve believe he was still working at Imperial College.
Tony blinked wildly at the question, visibly struggling to think. “They were written years apart,” he said so quietly Steve could only wonder if Tony realized he was speaking out loud. “They’re all best sellers, but… I wrote Fathers in History in 97. Sweeping Tide, 2003; Treasure Trail, 2016. Different cities, different… different settings, orientations. I wrote Fathers in History in LA, Sweeping Tide in New Orleans, Treasure Trail in, in Nashville. I can’t think of anything that ties them… except me?”
“Tony sent me his first finished page, signed and framed,” Steve said with a thoughtful smile. “That’s been hanging in my house for a few weeks, in my office. Whenever I look at that zombie girl with pus-filled eyes eating her screaming ice cream cone, I think of you,” he told Tony with a fluttery sigh of romance.
“And the kindest people make the best bad guys. You should know,” Steve pointed out without missing a beat. Tony stared in minor disbelief then quickly turned away, too busy trying to hide his inexplicable blush to think of a comeback. It wasn’t like he didn’t know Steve liked him, but it was still a little strange to hear it expressed explicitly.
Tony wouldn't have much strength to stand after that, if to even stay awake. When Steve was finally done with him, he'd help Tony get fixed up as best as he could, drape him in an overcoat and take him back to his hotel.
“I need an Editor in Chief. He is the only person in the building with enough experience,” Fury continued to speak over Steve, “if there was any way that we could make this work, we—”
Steve’s promise that the people touching him today would be more gentle only turned out to be half-true. Tony quickly realized that these masters had never handled a male before. When they invited themselves in for a closer look, the first thing they did was paw and grope Tony where he differed from their females. They touched his chest, pinching and tugging at his pecs as if they couldn’t understand where his breasts were concealed. Tony managed to contain his grunts and groans of discomfort until one of them pinched his nipples between blunt stone nails and twisted, hard. A creature with such strong and sharp talons could easily tear Tony’s flesh from his bones.
“Oh, wow—no, hey, another time, that sounds amazing. I’m so relieved,” she admitted to Steve with a smile, “Tony has a tendency to put his work before everything else, and I was worried you were just going along with it for the sex or taking advantage of him—”
If the vest wasn’t fitted to within an inch of his life, Steve would have folded into brace position, cradled his own head, and counted backwards from fifty. He had never felt so humiliated and unwelcome in his life.
None of Steve’s thoughts led anywhere fruitful before Tony came through as promised. In a short laconic message Tony identified the nurse he’d dealt with as Richard Kline.
Whether Tony was right or not, Steve agreed that it sounded far too plausible to be worth the risk. He looked back at the silk Tom Ford boxers, thumbed at the hem again before looking through the stack for his size.
There was a variety of jeans in different sizes folded up in the shopping bags, along with a new brown leather belt. Tony dug through the selection until he found his measurements, then wasted no time pulling the jeans on, practically jumping into them in his hurry to wear something that fit again.
Steve was across the room and mostly turned away from Tony while in conversation with Darcy, the gossip columnist. In the span of ten hours he had gone from Tony’s dedicated but polite partner to the most attractive man in Gotham. Tony was still reeling from this new reality he’d been handed, and somewhere in the most uncomfortable, insecure corners of his mind, Tony wondered if last night had even been real. Had Steve kissed him, or was it all a dream? He still felt the soft touch of Steve’s lips against his, the caress of his fingertips, so gentle and yet so eager in his excitement. In their excitement.
“Ironic, that’s what I’m trying not to do,” Tony muttered to himself, then with a big sigh, he sat up, braced himself, and said, “I wasn’t looking for something serious because I’m writing an article on failing relationships, and I needed someone to date briefly and then push away so that I could write about it in the article—but! But,” he added as Steve’s expression started morphing from shock to horror, “I, I’m kicking myself, I—Steve, listen: I genuinely like you, and I know I haven’t been fair or honest with you, but if—if you meant what you said, and if you’re still, uh, still interested in me after… after this, you’re worth it. To me. So, that’s it. Full disclosure. All the cards on the table, no more secr—”
“Last time we were at the Commonwealth, it’s,” Steve cleared his throat took another glance around his room to be sure his roommate was gone and not hiding somewhere in their room to eavesdrop for no good reason. “You were face down, I was, I was holding onto the headboard and, and fucking you. God, it was so good, baby, you were so good, the sounds you were making, I was going out of my mind—”
“What the fuck does that mean! ‘Enhance my calm?’ Can’t you hear yourself?” Steve shouted as the morality box in the car buzzed to inform him he had been fined eight credits for violating the verbal morality statute and for excessive aggression in the workplace.
“Honest mistake, sir,” the man said as he lowered his voice, not wanting to draw more attention from the scattered afternoon crowd around them. Something about his eyes struck a chord in Steve, but he shook it off and continued to glare at the man. “This is where the, ah. Company for the evening wait.”
Tony knew exactly what he was doing, and Steve had no reason to resist. An eager, covetous growl rose from somewhere deep in his chest, but when he pressed his long, firm body down to pin Tony under him, he didn’t ravage those tempting, parted lips beckoning him to do anything he pleased. The first touch of their lips was gentle and reverent, a man worshiping at the altar and savoring a gift so divine. They rolled together, slowly and eagerly, and as Tony’s thighs closed around Steve’s body for better leverage, Steve forgot all time and space and lived only to exist in Tony’s love.
After two years of unwavering friendship and support, Tony was the first person Steve called when the doctors gave him the worst news imaginable. He couldn’t remember where Tony had been at the time, but he knew that Tony was at his side within hours. Tony stayed with him as Steve’s whole world slipped through the cracks between his fingers. Sarah had never told Steve she was sick; she hadn’t told anyone. Her cancer had spread before any symptoms were noticed. The treatment would not be a cure, not for her, so she chose instead to relieve her son of that burden as long as she could.
“You getting attached to the chair there, Rudolph?” Tony teases with a perky smile as he walks towards Steve, who is surprised by the sudden voice. He hadn’t even noticed he wasn’t alone.
Natasha laughed quietly. “Yeah… he seems miserable, to be honest. He just keep sniffling and sneezing. I’ve never seen him like this, Sam hasn’t either. He looks like he’s about too pass out from exhaustion. But he won’t sleep.” Her tone tuned more serious towards the end of the sentence.
“Ugh, snff! Excuse mbe,” he mumbled and wiped his nose in the cuff of the soft sweater. “Sorry, I’mb such a mbess.”
“Well, as your fellow insomniac, why don’t we go watch a movie or something. Like I said, ‘sleep is overrated,’” Tony gave a quick glance over his shoulder, referring to the living room.
“Don’t worry about it. Can’t complain about the fact that you seem too worn out to outwit me,” Tony bantered and gained an eye-roll form Steve. “Bless you, by the way.”
Then Steve frowned and forced his eyes open, the frustration clear on his face. Tony felt a tug at his heart.
Steve doubled over as the sneezes overcame, the last one particularly strong and leaving Steve breathless as he winced and let out a painful grunt, a hand clenched to his ribs.
“It’s okay to let your guard down for once in your life, Steve. You’re sick, you need to relax… and, oh my god I’m gonna regret saying this later, but you’re surprisingly cute when you’re not so uptight,” Tony whisper and Steve could catch the undertones of a smile in his voice.
The sneezes were followed by a pained whimper and Tony wanted to resist the urge to barge in through the door and take care of him, but he just couldn’t. Fortunately he had a little self-control and opened the door to Steve’s bedroom quietly and peaked through the opening.
Steve looked around once more, searching for the source of the sound. Everything suddenly seemed to happen in slow-motion and a few seconds later, Steve felt a throb in his stomach and fell to his knees once again. He grabbed his waist and leaned against the wall. His breathing was fast, hitching, as he let out a painful grunt.
It had been about six hours since the battle had ended, seven since Steve was injured and laid unconsciously in Tony’s arms. As soon as the med-team had showed up and the rest of the Avengers has finished up beating the Hydra-agents (when would Hydra stop bugging then, for god’s sake, Tony wondered annoyedly) and aliens Tony had flown back to the Tower, ignoring Fury and Hill and everyone else telling him to do the horrible post-battle debrief or search-and-rescue, which was usually Steve’s job. Steve would never complain and he usually volunteered to take care of the aftermaths, which Tony found incredibly irritating and really admirable.
He sneezes off to the side, his hair falling into his eyes as his waist snaps in half. Rubbing at his itchy eyes, he lets out a stuffy sigh and leans back in his chair.
Tony smiled slightly as he stumbled out of the chair, headed for the door and made his way to Steve’s floor.
Tony swallowed thickly. Of course Steve wouldn’t even try to go to sleep. Tony didn’t care if Steve’s ramble last night was out of pure fatigue and delusion or if he genuinely trusted Tony. Tony hoped for the latter but wasn’t convinced.
“Casualties?” he hears someone ask, but he’s too busy trying to fight off the itch, rubbing his nostrils with his knuckles, to perceive who asked.
“Gee, thanks, Buck. Always so supportive,” Steve jokes, lightly nudging Bucky good shoulder. “Wish I could be going to bed, though. Have a meeting, can’t miss it.”
And then he realizes that he’d just dropped everything on the floor and bends down to start picking the things up. “Would it have hurt to put on a shirt?” Tony mumbles lowly.
Guhh.” He sniffles thickly, and groans annoyedly. He’s gotten to the point where the sneezes do nothing apart from making him even more sniffly. Ridding the itch, it definitely does not.
“Oh, y’know, just the usual. Well, really, I was in the workshop, fixing some upgrades and stuff. I was actually on my way to bed before I stumbled upon your pity-party in here,” Tony smirked. “I might also be trying to figure out a way to stop you and Thor from breaking all the punching bags and the rest of the gym equipment. Not because it’s expensive, it’s just a little inconvenient sometimes.”
“There’s no discussion here, Steve. You’re hurt — and sick — you need medical attention, right now,” Tony said sternly.
“The guy’s got a gunshot wound the size of my fist, broken multiple bones and is nursing a concussion just to top it off, and he’s worried about me? That’s ridiculous.”
And with that, Tony closes the door to Steve’s bedroom. He stays outside for a few seconds until the weak light that shines through the key hole goes out and smiles satisfied.
“Don’t-“ Steve held a hand up and interrupted the brunette. “It’s okay. I know. Like you said, it’s your trademark. You can charm your way out of anything. You’re witty, funny. I’ve always admired that about you. Wish I had a bit more of that myself.”
“You’re not one to speak, Stark.” Tony unwillingly had to agree with his statement and gave small shrug.
Steve’s jaw dropped, his mouth hanging slightly open, as if he wanted to say something, but Tony held up a hand to stop him.
observant, also seems to notice as she eyes Steve when his body jerks slightly. She catches Bucky’s eyes as they’re both watch their miserable friend, and the look they share doesn’t need any words.
Steve rolled his eyes and sighed. “I don’t actually know,” he shrugged, “I guess I just cou- snff couldn’t fall asleep, snf.” Just as he finished talking, Tony noticed the other man shiver, which he found odd. The air in the kitchen was rather warm, 75 degrees, and just looking at Steve wearing the thick knitted sweater made Tony overheat.
“I really hate it when you’re right, Stark,” Steve growled annoyedly. “Luckily, that’s a rare occasion.”
“Tony,” Steve croaked then cleared his throat. “Um… hu- y-you really shouldn’t be here right now. Uhh…uh-huhTChushh!”
Even the Avengers love the transition from the cold and frosty winter, to the sunny and joyful spring-time.
Tony caught himself studying the face of the other man. Steve was way older than Tony, he’d been through more shit than one could imagine, but sitting there, body crumpled up and face flushed, Steve looked so young. His long, dark eyelashes glistened in the weak kitchen lights and Tony wondered if maybe Steve had been crying. The peculiar tug at his heart returned, and Tony swallowed thickly as he felt the urge to go over to Steve and wrap him into his arms. Steve looked like someone who desperately needed a hug. But Tony refrained form doing so. It would inappropriate. Why would Steve want a hug from him anyway.
Before definitively answering, Tony took one last glance the gorgeous face he so suddenly had fallen in love with. His forehead was covered in a thin layer of fever-induced sweat. He had dark circles under his eyes, a clear indication of just how badly he needed to sleep. His nostrils were still twitching ever so slightly and he sniffed quietly as he tugged himself closer to the duvet.
“That’s what friends are for. See you tomorrow, Winghead,” Tony smiles and shuts off the ceiling light. The bedside lamp illuminates Steve’s face with golden beams. His expression is tired and gentle and thankful.
Tony is now on the verge of snapping, telling Fury to shut it and round up so Steve doesn’t have to suffer any more than he already is. The guy seriously needs something to help him
Steve looked up, his eyes were bleary, and his hair was ruffled and messy, which Tony found strangely intriguing. He noticed how Steve’s face was abnormally pale, apart from his cheeks and the tip of his nose which were flushed slightly pink. He seemed rather confused, a bit disorientated perhaps, then squinted at Tony.
“Sorry… We shouldn’t be doing this,” he whispered, leaning his forehead against Tony’s. “You’ll get sick.”
Tony presses his lips together in a thin line and draws in a sharp breath, preventing himself from cracking and bursting into tears. Instead, he swallows thickly, holds his breath and gives another small shake with his head.
The wounded soldier was sat hunched over on his bed, clutching his torso and clenching his jaw. (Tony was sure he could cut himself on Steve’s jawline — so strong, so sharp and Tony wanted to run his fingers over it softly, caressingly. Wait- no! He did not.) Steve was wearing sweatpants and that same sweater he had worn in the kitchen the night before, his hair was wet and messy, and Tony could see the flush in his cheeks and how his nostrils were rough and pink, like had they been abused by too many tissues and probably the cuff of the sweater as well.
“Guys, I need back up on 23rd,” Natasha called through the comms. She was still panting from beating up seven wolf-like aliens all on her own, only to see a stream of more than 20 new ones approaching.
Tony wouldn’t say he was startled — surprised but not startled — when the figure that was nearly collapsed over the kitchen table turned out to be the one and only Steve Rogers, his head buried in his palms. It wasn’t like it was the first time Tony had run into Steve in the middle of the night, however, this wasn’t under the usual circumstances.
“The time is 7.18 AM, Sir. I’m sorry to disturb you and Captain Rogers, but it seems an emergency has occurred. Your assistance is needed,” The AI announced.
The elevator doors opened directly into the living space when it reached Steve’s floor. Tony walked out cautiously, trying to keep quiet. He didn’t even know why, it wasn’t like he didn’t want Steve to know he was coming.
“He’s… he’s okay, mostly. He looks horrible, though. Med-team put him on bed rest, which he wasn’t too pleased with.”
Still no response. He moved further into the apartment, examining the room as he went on. Running a finger over the sideboard surface, checking for dust, which just confirmed Tony’s thoughts. Exemplarily clean. He did, however, notice a piece of paper that was folded into a small square. Tony looked over his shoulder before reaching out for it and unfolding it. The paper was wrinkled and delicate and old, like had it been crumpled up far too many times.
He ran a hand through his greasy hair and sighed. When had Steve slipped his way into Tony’s mind like this? This wasn’t like Tony - Tony didn’t think of people like this! Ugh, fucking stupid, adorable, perfect Steve Rogers had infiltrated a literal genius’ mind, and Tony absolutely hated having to admit to it.
He had completely lost all sense of time, he had no idea how long had passed when he felt something snatch his shoulder. His narrowed his eyes, clearing his slurred sight. focussing. When he looked up, he was met by a pair of warm, brown eyes that were filled his worry and, to some degree, anger.
Tony knew he was being a sneaky, manipulative little shit for dragging the team into the situation, they were Steve’s soft spot, but he forgave himself, it was in Steve’s best interest.
“Then why are you up at such an ungodly hour?” Tony raised an eyebrow, grabbed the nearest chair and sat backwards on it, still facing Steve.
That’s how he felt in this instant. To hear Tony’s laugh, knowing he was he reason behind it, was more rewarding than anything else Steve could imagine.
Tony had never imagined that he would fall in love with the man he had both idolized and hated when growing up, but then again, he never thought good things could actually happen to him. But this. This was more than Tony could ever hope for.
He doesn’t even recall the debrief ending before Bucky nudges him and he jerks awake, sitting up straight. People are shuffling out of the room as he blinks the confusion away.
As if Tony looking at him makes Steve’s nose twitch, Steve’s eyes flutter and his nose scrunches up.
“Shhh… stop speaking, Steven,” he purred as he placed a tender kiss on Steve’s cheek, pulling him into a warm embrace. As held held onto him, his arms barely reaching all the way round Steve’s broad frame, he gently pushed Steve backwards until they were both lying down in each other’s arms. They didn’t speak, just listened to the way they harmonized as they breathed in unison. Tony found a comfort in hearing the proof of life that followed every in- and exhale. Slowly he felt his eyelids grow heavier and closed a few moments later. He still listened attentively to the way Steve’s breath evened out. It was so peaceful, and Tony happily thought to himself that nothing could take the calm away.
But Steve was also so much else, Tony had to admit. He always had everything under control, much to Tony’s annoyance. Whenever he deliberately tried to infuriate Steve, he’d keep collected and act unfazed (however, sometimes when his composure breaks a tiny bit, Tony would notice, and seeing the irritated expression on Steve’s face would make his entire day). Steve was fearless and strong, nothing could ever keep him away from a situation pointed south.
Huh. Tony felt odd… Steve was injured and probably fully drugged-up and presumably not conscious enough to think clearly, but Tony couldn’t ignore the slight satisfaction of knowing that Steve thought about him, even when he had so much else to be concerned about. But of course, no one could know that, so Tony just rolled his eyes.
“Y’know,” he starts, “when I first got out of the ice, I felt like I’d never fit in. I didn’t think anyone would actually care about me, or what I had to say. All I wanted to do was run, get away from everything… But then I met you, and even though we got off on the wrong foot, I-. I finally felt like I had a reason to stop running. That’s you, Tony. You’re my reason. You always will be.”
He tried to only look forward. If he stopped running now, he wouldn’t reach Natasha in time, so he accelerated once more, frowning in tension. One, two, one, two, he counted inside his head, hoping to keep his mind off of the disastrous state of his surroundings. But fuck. Why was breathing so damn hard? Normally, Steve could run for hours without being short of breath or even breaking sweat.
“He’s an idiot. A fucking sacrificing, self-destructive idiot,” Tony tried to sound angry, but both of them knew he couldn’t really be angry at Steve. Steve was just too honorable for his own good.
“Huh, you fantasizing about me, Cap? That would surely explain your restlessness,” Tony smirked. He had wanted to retract it just as he’d said it, even more when Steve’s cheeks flushed bright red and ducked his head with a sheepish grin.
Artillery and gunfire had long prepared Steve not to flinch, but the multiple blasts and raining concrete didn’t visibly affect the four filthy, shabbily dressed figures dashing for the truck either.
“Let me talk to him,” Bucky said and took the phone out of Steve’s hand, but he had only managed to connect the call when Steve finally wrangled it back into his own possession.
Steve’s heart soared right into his throat and threatened to choke him with happiness. It was too good to be true! He turned slowly on the steps to the HLH where they’d have their first lecture in introduction to the philosophy of law, just in case he was still dreaming.
“It’s not just a hospitality thing,” he promised. “I’d just be more comfortable with a car. One less reason to inconvenience anyone.”
“Sweetheart, you hungry?” Steve whispered, rubbing his big palm over Tony’s lower back. He wasn’t digging in with his fingers or his knuckles yet, but the firm pressure and warmth of Steve’s hand helped soothe some tension from Tony’s stubborn muscles.
Still, they couldn’t keep apart for long. Tony had already showered, but while he massaged the shampoo into Steve’s hair with firm, attentive fingers, Steve chased kiss after indulgent kiss from his traitorous lips. When he lathered up the firm sponge and turned Steve around to wash his back, Steve took Tony’s free hand in his, lifting it from where it rested on his hip to his lips, so he could brush absent kisses over his knuckles and lick the warm water off his skin.
Tony hummed softly and Steve tried to open his eyes to give Tony his attention. “Should I be offended? I can hear you thinking, handsome.”
Steve could feel his neck and his face warming up. “Uh. About that,” he said as casually as he could, but Bucky was already narrowing his eyes at him.
“Your choice tomorrow, baby, but I need this from you, I need you right now,” Tony said and soothed him with slow, tender kisses. What little resistance Steve had melted away with every sweet slide of their lips, and he slid his hand up Tony’s thigh to gently cup the curve of his ass. While Steve squeezed his handful of Tony’s ass more deliberately, exploring this new landscape of Tony’s body, Tony busied himself with liberating a condom from one of their new packs.
For Tony, it had started as a comforting, loving gesture. In all the time Tony had known Steve, Steve had been respectful of his boundaries. So in the months leading up to their marriage Tony would often invite his visiting fiancée into his bed, or take matters into his own hands and crawl into Steve’s.
Much too soon Steve was close enough to touch Tony again, to feel the heat radiating from his body. Close enough to see Tony’s dark, hard cock hanging heavy between his thighs. Whatever composure Steve thought he had was lost, and he could feel his mouth watering as his attention zeroed in on Tony’s erection. How long had it been since Steve felt the girth of Tony's cock burn down his throat, or tasted him on the flat of his tongue?
Steve shook his hand with a smile that was broad, warm, and genuine. “You said the magic words, pal,” Steve promised with a laugh in his voice. “When Tony’s involved, I am always available for a sequel.”
“You think you’ve got enough space for another puppy dog?” Georgie wondered, though it turned out to be a rhetorical question as a fat, black and white puppy with whirlwind energy was brought out for Tony.
“This feels like something I should’ve said before you ever saw my butt plug,” Tony said wryly as they made quick work to the nearest chairs at his small dining table. “But, Hi, I’m Tony.”
There, glued to the shattered cover of the false outlet was a wireless camera no bigger than a thumbdrive.
With his mother’s words in mind, Tony and Steve had found a way to be friends. Steve had called in December to wish Tony a merry Christmas. Tony had called Steve in January to tell him he’d been invited back to CERN in the spring for experiments he couldn’t complete without the Hadron collider.
“You know what? On second thought,” he said quickly, “you’re right. You probably haven’t changed that much. Southern food, constant manual labor—why should you look different after eight years of sitting at a desk and walking a few dozen miles a day? Unless, that’s important to you.”
“Aw, sweet child, and there I went making a ruckus,” she said in an even quieter voice, as if to make up for the earlier clatter of her pan. “For what it’s worth, darling, that makes two of you.”
Tony and Bruce averted their eyes immediately, doing their Chief the courtesy of pretending they had not heard him lose his calm.
“No, Stark,” Steve said with a wry twist of his lips. “That’s not—you have not put me ill at ease. It’s been a long day, and to be frank, that whole… the raid is still on my mind. How can you be so advanced and leave others to starve?”
His bedroom was depressing. The bed was obscenely large and low to the ground, and from his bedsheets to the only rug on the floor, everything had been decorated in some shade of grey. Steve dropped his knitting supplies on the bed and sat his bottle of water on the nightstand to inspect his closet. To his surprise, two more police uniforms already hung in there, along with a few conservative robes and kimonos for everyday use. There were towels and linens and extra blankets in the drawers, but besides the delicate, silk house robe, Steve couldn’t locate anything approaching sleep clothes or even underwear.
Steve watched his approach with a faint smirk. “Tony,” he said with a smile in his voice, “you’re on time.”
Tony kissed him silent with a quick kiss. “I could not care less,” Tony assured him with a smile. “Should we ask for our coats again?”
Tony waggled his eyebrows, but it was gone as quickly as it happened, hidden behind a small but sincere smile. “Any chance you’re wrapping up soon?”
The news was met with murmurs of discontent and shameless name-calling. Even though it was Steve’s first time leading an interdepartmental effort, his reputation preceded him and his experience on the force made it easy to delegate work effectively. He knew what detectives did, could do, and would do. He knew when to push and when to give people space. Federal agents tended to err on different ends of the spectrum: they either treated cops like untrained rookies or worked them like dogs for their own credit. All things considered, the detectives at the 62nd were about as pleased with the decision as Steve and Bucky.
“First class, but I couldn’t get two aisle seats. You’re sitting next to each other,” she said without so much as pausing at the change in topic. “I called ahead to confirm a luxury four-wheel SUV. I requested a Range Rover, but it will depend on what they have. It is Kansas, sir.”
“Yeah, of course,” Tony agreed quietly, however uncomfortably. He was going to have some serious words with his mother. “That makes sense.”
At the first sign of vulnerability, Tony tugged his leg free and pulled away. Before Steve realized what was happening, Tony had pushed him down onto his back and straddled his hips with a devious smirk.
Steve glanced down at the hand rubbing up and down along his ribs, then looked up at Tony with a quirk in his expression. Without breaking eye contact, he lifted Tony’s hand in his and brought it to his lips to press a soft, lingering kiss over the back of his hand. He didn’t say anything, but he slid in under the blankets and stretched out on the mattress along the length of Tony’s body. Even though he was several inches taller, he settled with his head pillowed on Tony’s shoulder, and much like Tony had done some hours earlier, he draped his arm over Tony’s waist.
Steve laughs and shakes his head fondly. “That’s not what I meant. I really do appreciate it, but you shouldn’t have gone out of your way to all get this.”
“It’ll be okay,” Bucky shrugs. “Stark’s going to take a look at it after debrief. If he and the rest of them could speed the fuck up and actually get here,” he quips with a grin.
Steve was still leaned over the table, so Tony reckoned he hadn’t acknowledged him just yet. Under normal circumstances, Tony would’ve been slightly offended that Steve wasn’t able to just sense his presence, but he let this one slide. He cleared his throat to gain Steve’s attention, which had an immediate effect.
Steve waved the brunette off. “M’ fine, Tony. Y’ don’t need to-“. Steve didn’t get to finish his sentence before dizziness overtook him once again and stumbled slightly.
“Traitor,” Tony muttered under his breath. “I thought I said access denied,” Tony repeated his precious statement.
“Come here,” Tony says and hugs Steve tight, their bodies pressed as close together as possible with Steve's face buried into Tony’s shoulder, quietly sobbing.
Tony gives him a quick glance but then ducks his head as the tears start forming in the corners of his eyes again. The two of them stay silent for a while, not necessarily an uncomfortable silence, but not exactly comfortable either.
“I guess you’re right. In my defensive, my asshole-ness is my trademark. It makes me who I am. Pep always said it got me into a lot of trouble, though, and she wasn’t wrong, to be honest and- Wait, sorry, I’m just rambling now… I just meant to say you’re more… casual? Like you don’t have a stick up your butt.”
Steve wiggled away a little, feeling a bit embarrassed. He let out a whimper and looked down at his wound, then clenched his jaw, trying to ignore the pain.
God, just how bad were Steve’s sleeping problems? The Steve he knew would never show this much vulnerability, especially not in Tony’s company.
“Oh, no- Don’t worry, Tony. I always run hot,” Steve said hastily. “S’not so bad… just a slight temperature, I think. Probably just cold though,”
All things considered, spring is lovely, and most of if not the entire team would argue that it is the best time of the year to spend in New York.
Steve doesn’t even get a chance to breathe before the tingling sensation comes back, more powerful than before, and Steve knows it’s a loosing battle.
, big guy, are heading straight to sleep,” Tony commands, eyeing the perfectly made bed, because of course Steve’s bed would be flawlessly made. Everything just
Tony knocked rhythmically on the door and it creaked as he opened it wider. Steve looked up in surprise with his mouth hanging slightly open.
Tony realized he had been staring the entire time when Steve’s gaze shifted to him and his glassy eyes glared directly into Tony’s.
. Tony has seen Steve shirtless before, but this is usually after a battle when Steve’s covered in blood and sweat, and definitely
“That sucks… You sound like someone who needs some time to relax. And to find some medicine. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you like this. I mean,
Tony sighs at the sound of the recognizable voice and turns on his heels. He had to face it sooner or later.
“Yeah, well, you tell Fury that,” Steve sighs. “Don’t worry ‘bout me, though. I’ll be going straight to sleep when I’m finished.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered open and slowly released Steve from his grip but kept a comforting hand on Steve’s arm as the blonde sat up, his breath caught and he buried his face in the crook of his elbow.
“Then I guess there’s actually one thing we have in common… Apart from wanting to ban Clint from choosing movies for movie-night,” Tony tried to lighten the mood, but Steve didn’t really react, just a small huff. The silence was deafening and Tony hated it. Tension filled the room and he knew it emanated from when he mentioned his issues with sleeping. He pondered for a few moments and then looked at Steve who was still looking like a sad puppy, and somehow his heart just couldn’t bear seeing Captain America this wrecked, both psychically and mentally. He had to do something about this.
“I won’t go, Tony. Can we please just talk?” Closing his eyes, Steve sighs deeply. He wants nothing more than to take Tony’s hands in his, caress his cheek and hold him tight. If he would just open the damn door.
Now Tony was the one who’s uncomfortable. He swallowed hard. God, was he going to do this? Was he going to tell Steve?
“Just leave me the hell alone, Steve!” Tony finally calls, however, not exactly what Steve wants to hear.
As he stood there, he surveyed the room. He hadn’t been visiting Steve’s floor very often, but it looked just like how he’d imagined it: tidy, organized and depressingly empty. Everything seemed to have its place. The few paintings that were on the walls hung perfectly straight; the kitchen was exemplarily clean, not a single plate was in the sink (Tony couldn’t relate); the pillowed sat flawlessly in the couch, which looked like it had never been used. It was almost surgical how impeccable the room looked, and Tony’s heart ached at how impersonal it was. The only sign of life was the used tissues that were scattered randomly around the room.
They both laughed at that and the joy from the laughter was still hanging in the air even after the silence had settled.
When Tony got a look at the content, he immediately understood. Damn, he thought to himself as his eyes ran over the photo of Steve and someone who Tony presumed was Bucky Barnes. Steve looked… different. Skinnier and shorter, the photo was obviously taken before the serum, but he was still immensely beautiful and the smile on his face was unlike any of the smiles Tony had ever seen from him. It was wry and crooked and sweet and authentic. It was real, it made Tony dizzy and giddy, and he suddenly felt an egoistical desire to make Steve smile like that again.
if they were worn by anyone but Steve. His cheeks are flushed pink from the heat from the shower and his nose a similar shade but probably for entirely different reason. That, and he’s not wearing a shirt.
A short quietness filled the room and, for once, it wasn’t awkward between the two of them. Their confessions seemed to have broken that barrier.
Tony didn’t remember how long he was sat there, staring out into space, his eyes becoming dry from not blinking. His fingers were drumming nervously on the workshop table, a quirk he’d had for as long as he could remember — he always had to do something with his hands. He’d noticed how Steve did the exact same thing when they were in debrief after a mission (he could always tell Steve was getting impatient, but of course Captain Perfect kept composed), or whenever he got nervous or uncomfortable, which was often, maybe too often, and mostly caused by Tony or Clint when they said something inappropriate. He’d also notice how he’d duck and shake his head and smile shyly, his neck and ears flushing slightly pink and Tony lived for making Steve act like this.
Tony grabbed Steve by the bicep, pressing his fingers into the muscle. Gosh, Tony thought. He knew Steve was 220 pounds of pure muscle, but damn. Touching Steve’s upper arm was like hitting a brick. Tony was sure that if there ever would be a live-action Hercules movie, Steve would get the role in a heartbeat. Everything seemed to add up: his incredibly muscular build; his piercing eyes, which were more blue than the clearest ocean; his golden hair, resembling a god perfectly; and lastly, his blinding smile and his plump lips, which Tony definitely didn’t want to kiss. Of course he didn’t, why would anyone think that? No, Steve’s lips were the last thing on earth Tony wanted to touch. The last thing.
“You really don’t know? Wow, you’re even more stupid than you look, Capsicle,” Tony commented when Steve shook his head.
makes his face prickle and his nose twitch uncontrollably. Steve sniffles quickly, and Bucky notices it immediately and quickly grabs a tissue from the side table and hands it to Steve, who thankfully accepts it.
“I appreciate your help, Stark, but I can take care of myself,” he said, earning a huffed laugh from Tony.
As his eyelids became heavier and heavier he blinked wearily until he reluctantly gave in to the darkness.
“Yeah? Well, you’re welcome. I must say, however, I actually kinda like you this way,” Tony admitted and Steve looked quizzically at him, he brows furrowed. “You’re more… how do I say it without sounding like an asshole…”
Bucky cocks an eyebrow at him. “Yeah, in bed after a long shower. That’s where you should be. You look like shit.”
“On my way,” Steve responded, dodging multiple hits while running hastily down the street. When he escaped a larger group of attackers, he got a view of the city. Broken glass was covering the ground, the sunlight reflecting every once in a while, when he skimmed through a thick cloud of smoke. Fires were spread out everywhere, in the buildings, in the parks, on the pavements, some of them were small, others were tall flames leaving no hope for saving the matter.
Some time had passed since the last words between the two had been said. The silence was only interrupted by frequent sniffles and small coughs until Steve spoke up.
“How did she- ugh, doesn’t matter… Who the hell designed you to allow that?” Tony exclaimed confusedly.
Steve tries to focus, he really does, but the tickle is growing stronger and his breath starts catching in small, desperate gasps. He turns to stifle a quick double into his shoulder, not wanting to draw any unnecessary attention to him.
Tony was surprised that Steve actually confessed to feeling off, but then again, Steve wouldn’t risk anyone else catching whatever he’d come down with just because he didn’t want to admit defeat.
Steve smiled wryly. “Thanks a lot, Stark. Nothing’s new then,” he said and cocked and eyebrow at which Tony rolled his eyes.
Now, however? He was wheezing, continuing to swallow the urge to cough and press his tongue to the roof of his mouth to control the itch that was building in his right nostril. He felt the congestion in his entire face, how he almost couldn’t breathe through his nose, how his eyes felt droopy and dry, how the area around his nose was slightly swollen.
Steve looked up form his hideout. Tears were forming in the corners of his eyes, it was a matter of seconds before they would start running down his cheeks.
“Hey Cap, I-,” Tony sighed before he continued, “Look, I know I might be the last person you want to talk to about this… about anything, probably, but I just want you to know that you can talk to me. I’m not known to be the best listener. I’m egoistic, or so I’ve been told, but I’ll try my best.”
Growing up, Steve probably had even possible seasonal allergy, and he had hoped they’d faded away as he got the serum. But just like Dr. Erskine had said.
“Nah, don’t worry ‘bout it,” Tony waved a hand. “I just didn’t really fancy going to bed. Sleeping is overrated. A total waste of time.”
“Tony? Please just… let me in,” Steve begs softly as he leans his head tiredly against the locked door to the workshop. “Please, sweetheart.”
” He brings up an arm, aiming the sneeze at his elbow, keeping it up as he feels another one coming on, but it’s stuck.
That came out harder than he had expected it to, but Tony was feeling too petty to do anything about it and just left it at that.
For once, Steve didn’t protest. He obliged, shuffling into his preferred sleeping position, on his side, curling into himself and closed his eyes. He let out a relieved sigh and Tony could visibly see the way Steve’s body relaxed into the soft fabric and huddled closer to Tony, who couldn’t help but smile a how small he looked.
“Sorry, I was just getting dressed,” Steve smiles sheepishly as he helps Tony fetch the things. “You really went to town with the remedies, huh?”
“I’m just scared to go to sleep, Tony. Every time I close my eyes, all I hear is screams and explosions and then suddenly I can’t move. It’s like my body is tied, restricted… And I don’t know if it’s my subconscious telling me that I shouldn’t fall asleep because…” Steve took a moment to breathe. “Because I’m scared… of falling asleep. Or maybe more of waking up somewhere I don’t know or recognize… again,” Steve voice broke at the last word.
Steve doesn’t get to object before Bucky has left the room, and, somehow, everyone is gathered in the room less than five minutes later. (How Bucky did that is a mystery to Steve. He’ll have to ask him how to do that later.)
“Sorry, I-… this is horrible. I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” Steve sighed, scrubbing his face with his hands.
As he subtly wipes his nose with it, it seems to bring the tickle back and Steve cups his face and lets the sneezes slip out.
A silence settled over them, the workshop completely quiet once again. They looked deeply into each other’s eyes, a meaningful glance that Tony didn’t know he had needed, but apparently he had ‘cause his demeanor eased when she laid a comforting hand on his arm.
“How far, Cap? I don’t know how much longer I can keep them off,” Natasha interrupted Steve’s inner monologue, her usual calm and cool voice seeming affected by concern.
He wants nothing more than to just go to bed, but he has an important work meeting afterwards. As if fighting off an army of robotic aliens wasn’t enough for one day.
“Shut up. Shut. Up! Don’t say you’re fucking fine, Steve. Everyone knows you’re not. And for the record, you’re an idiot. A stupid, inconsiderate, self-sacrificing idiot, who never thinks before he acts this recklessly. You could’ve died out there. Yeah- hey, don’t look at me like that, Rogers. Do you ever consider what could happen when you go into a fight when you’re in no state to do so? Huh? I don’t think you do, ‘cause then you’d know how fucking ignorant that is. I don’t want your death on my conscience so you better stop being a careless, selfish ‘hero’.”
Spring in New York city is slowly setting in. The weather is getting warmer, the trees are coming into leaf, the flowers are blooming, and the birds are tweeting and chirping like their lives depend on it, so loud that you can hear it in spite of the noisy traffic in the busy city. Couples are going on walks and picnics in Central Park, children are eating ice cream, and people are wearing shorts and t-shirts, even though it is still slightly too chilly whenever the light breeze catches on.
“I apologize, Sir. Agent Romanoff has overridden your security code. I’m designed to allow all Avengers access if the code is overruled,” JARVIS explained.
Steve’s eyebrows drew together in discomfort, which Tony, even though he wasn’t a genius when it came to body language, noticed immediately and sat down next to Steve and comfortingly laid an arm around the broad shoulders and placed the other on top of Steve’s own hand that was attached to his ribs.
“Yeah, so… He’s not going to be there. Sorry. He’s having some… trouble. You know, you saw him at debrief, I don’t think he’d be able to—“
Tony felt his cheeks flush and smiled like a giddy teenage girl. “That makes this so much easier for me,” he whispered as he leant in softly placed his lips on Steve’s. One hand was cupping the soldier’s cheek, the other one still squeezing his tight.
“In his—? I hope he’s aware of the fact that we’re having a meeting in less than five minutes?” Fury cocked an eyebrow.
Steve wiggled his way out of Tony’s embrace and used the edge of the bed as support when he stood up. He turned away from Tony, who had let out an annoyed sigh when the soldier had moved, not wanting to have to deal with the reacting he knew was coming. As he approached the door, he felt a sharp pain in his abdomen and clasped his side.
The silence made Tony even more nervous. Shit, he thought. He had just rambled and said everything he felt and Steve probably didn’t like him back, and he hadn’t prepared an escape plan for when Steve broke his heart.
“Sorry to dis- heh, snff, disappoint you,” Steve said as he rubbed his nose with the back of his wrist, “ but, uh… I- huh,” he suddenly trailed off, mouth hanging slightly open, eyes squinting at Tony. He drew in a sharp breath, burying his face in the crook of his elbow, pressing into the soft fabric of the sweater. Tony was confused. Was Steve about to-
Normally, Steve would be up and ready, drinking a glass of water, wearing his running gear and be ready to get out the door for his daily 10-mile jog. (Which wasn’t really a jog. For anyone else, Steve’s pace was basically their maximum speed, but that’s the perks of having a super-soldier-serum injected into you.) Today, however, Steve didn’t seem particularly lively and spry, which Tony found odd. His back was hunched over, a complete 180 from his usual perfect posture. He was wearing an oversized sweater, by which Tony was impressed, it was normally quite the challenge finding clothes that fit Steve’s muscular build let alone finding something that was too big. He looked so small, Tony thought to himself, which seemed impossible for someone Steve’s size. A strange unfamiliar feeling spread inside Tony’s chest, it was warm and uncomfortable, he thought, and tried to shake the feeling off before finally entering the kitchen.
“That’s not true, Tony,” Steve’s words were almost a whisper. “You’re not the last person I’d want to talk to… not at all, actually. I just…” Sigh. “I just can’t. Snff! You know, talk about it.”
Tony didn’t reply, just frowned. Natasha sighed and her expression softened. Grabbing the nearest the nearest chair, she sat down and crossed her legs.
When the debrief is finally over, Steve is half asleep, his head resting on his hand. The ten minutes of nearly  constant sniffling and sneezing in the middle of the meeting exhausted him deeply, even his nose seemed too tired to itch anymore.
“Don’t you think it’s probably for the best if you actually try to rest?” Tony requested, crossing his arms.
Steve ducked his head and chuckled as he gave Tony’s hand a squeeze. When he looked up, his eyes were sparkling. They were still red-rimmed and he still looked worn out, but something had changed.
“Aaand he’s back to being good, old, righteous Captain America… should have known. I didn’t, by the way. I ran into Nat and Barnes. They were on their way to provide you with all of these different supplies and medicines. If I’m being honest, which, obviously, I always am, I don’t even know what half of these things are.”
Tony smiled fondly. How hadn’t he noticed how amazing Steve was before now? “You sound like you think I care about getting sick.”
“That makes two of us,” Bucky moves to sit down next to Steve, wincing slightly when he rolls his shoulder.
None of them dared to move, both waiting for the other one to speak up first. Steve’s jaw was clenched once again, the way he always clenches it and Tony hates it because he can’t read it. He doesn’t know what it means — it has so many meaning, he’s learned. He does it when he’s in pain, or when he’s nervous, or angry, or sad and, Tony thinks, maybe even when he’s scared. And Tony doesn’t know which of Steve’s clenches he would prefer right now.
“Hey,” Tony croaks. His hair is ruffled and Steve tenderly brushes it out of his face, giving him a weak smile when he finally can see him fully, then runs a hand through Tony’s greasy hair.
“Yeah? You just wait a few days, I’ll be back to outwitting you in no time, Stark,” Steve quipped earning a laugh from Tony and Steve couldn’t help blush at how the soft chuckle was like the most beautiful melody he could imagine.
Looking up, Steve can’t help but beam at his boyfriend through teary eyes. “I love you. So much.” He leans in and presses their lips together, fondly and gently, just like everything else Steve does. His arms are still wrapped around the smaller frame and as he slowly begins to rock their bodies in harmony, he sings quietly:
“You okay?” The soldier asks sympathetically. Tony gives a hum in responds, not confirming nor denying wether or not he was, in fact, okay.
Oh. Oh. Tony’s eyes widened. “B- bless you?” he stammered, sounding like a question. Steve looked blearily up at him, “Oh, umb, snff… Thanks, Tony,” he murmured.
Tony shrugged. “Stop worrying,” he said and Steve sent him a tired yet thankful smile. “I’ve seen you embarrass yourself on multiple occasions, Spangles, almost on the daily. This is no different,” he continued, at which Steve whimpered and rolled his eyes.
“That’s all I am,” Steve croaked. I wasn’t a question, more like a statement. “That’s all I ever will be. The fearless Captain America. I’m nothing more that.”
“Fuck,” he cursed under his breath, “I’m so sorry, Steve. I should probably just, like, let you get some sleep. No work.” Tony stood up and shot the wounded soldier a serious look at which Steve laughed, still holding Tony’s hand.
“You’re the worst at taking care of yourself, Rogers. And that’s a lot coming from me. Why are you so damn stubborn?”
Strolling towards the bedroom where the response came from, Tony tries to balance all the remedies he’d picked up on his way. The door in ajar, and Tony pushes it open with his shoulder, both hands and arms occupied. As soon as he enters the room, he suddenly drops about half of the things he’d been carrying on the floor.
Steve still hasn’t raised himself from the chair. His body feels heavy and drained, and for once, he might actually consider procrastinate going to the meeting. Pinching the bridge of his nose as he squeezes his eyes shut, he takes another moment to mentally prepare dealing with Fury, once again.
“God damnit, Rogers,” Fury mutters under his breath, then scowls. “I’ll let this one slide. But only this once. It’s been a long day, anyways.”
Steve sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Why are you wasting your time here, Tony?” Steve shook his head in confusion. “You don’t care about me. No one actually cares about me, Tony. All they care about is stupid Captain America.”
” The fit is ticklish, makes his throat scratchy and Steve can feel the congestion pressing behind his eyes and sinuses.
“Oh- no, that’s okay. Thanks, though,” Steve smiled sincerely and Tony nodded back at him. Steve’s eyes slowly fluttered shut, but Tony could sense how the soldier was trying to resist the urge to close his eyes and his himself slip out of consciousness. Tony smiled sympathetically at Steve, his cheeks flushed, his nose bright red, hair ruffled and looking the messiest Tony’d ever seen and his lips a perfect shade of pink.
Tony moved closer, his hand grabbing Steve’s shoulder firmly. “Listen to me, Steve. I know it can be scary, feeling like you’re loosing control, but let me tell you this. Right now, your fear is controlling you. And look what it’s done to you already, you look like you’re on your deathbed- Sorry, right, not helping. Anyways, you simply can’t keep doing this to yourself, or to the team really.”
Not a lot of people could tell the difference between the role he played and the real man that was behind the sharp exterior. But Steve could.
Tony couldn’t help but notice the hint of hurt in Steve’s already watery eyes. Why on earth would he even say something like that? As if Steve didn’t feel bad enough being sad and lonely and sleep deprived and dammit Tony, the guy’s sick. Tony was slapping himself internally.
“I might actually agree with Barnes on this one. You look wiped out. I think you’ve earned some well deserved rest after today, soldier,” Natasha winks kindly.
“Yeah,” Steve nearly sobs out as he nods. He can no longer hold back and lets his breath hitch uncontrollably while his lower lip quivers intensely. Every exhale is deep and desperate and
He stifled a yawn and harshly rubbed his eyes, but then his body turned stiff at the muted sound coming from the room he was about to enter. Tony was curious by nature, and even though the efficiency of his brain were nearing the 50%, he still felt the need to examine the source of the noise. Just before turning around the corner to the kitchen he wondered who the hell (apart from himself of course, this had been a part of his daily routine for a while now) would be up at this atrocious hour.
“Well, yeah, no shit… Geez, you’re burning up, we need to get you out of this,” Tony hissed as he touched Steve’s forehead with the back of his hand, then continued to feel each cheek.
Silence filled the room. Tony didn’t know how to react to what was in front of him. He’d never seen Steve so vulnerable, so defenseless, so… human. Nothing about the great Captain America usually seemed this way to Tony. Steve was always so guarded and stiff, which usually made it very easy, almost too easy, for Tony to piss him off.
