“That’s–I–”
They stay silent for a time, Rogers looking like he’s chewing on his next words. It’s proof of how
It’s especially effective when he brings the face out to galas like this. Which is again why he doesn’t notice. Not in the way that he doesn’t see. Because he sees. But he doesn’t
Once again, Tony is
“Good times for you. Disappointing for me. Steve is traditional. He wanted to wait.” At that, Steve finally makes it there, Tony’s drink clutched in hand. He passes it to Tony, who takes a large gulp from it, and if Steve doesn’t feel the same way right now. Alcohol has little effect on him, but he drinks his cocktail anyway, the taste doing something for his self-control.
He shouldn’t be having these thoughts.
Also, he really did love an Omega in power, including himself. She was the someone he could see being with, weathering this crazy world together. Pride was a funny thing, however, and he wasn’t about to burden her with his awkward feelies. Not while she had a company to help run.
“Are you sure—” Tony cuts himself off, terrified of ruining this moment, but also of allowing Steve to take it farther than the man really wants. He can’t want Tony. He’s just being kind. Steve knows that Tony is lonely because Steve sees everything. He’s a brilliant tactician and an even better student of humans. This is just… it’s just a helping hand.
“Oh, there are herbs you can take to make your bleeding happen. My Ma happened to know. She taught me, and I taught the other omegas. Though, you could only pretend at that for so long before your alpha would think something was wrong with you. Some of us chose to give in and have children. That made it harder to leave. For me, I didn’t last more than a year with Conall.”
Steve’s throat is tight and fitted around Tony’s cock as it starts to jerk and twitch into his mouth. Sweet little spurts of come spray the inside of his throat, and he swallows and swallows, pressing his wet fingers inside Tony. Tony is thrashing, or trying to, but Steve is holding him back, holding him down. Keeping him steady.
“Does it matter?” Tony asks, bitter. “You’re going to make me your Omega bitch.”
“Yup! Now click search and let’s see what pops up. Oh, we have a match. It’d be good if you knew the alpha’s name?” Aisling is leaning over him, her shoulder almost touching his shoulder. It’s a little close, but New York has always been short on personal space.
Steve nods. He knows she doesn’t know exactly how he feels, which after their intimate session, he’s riding a high he hasn’t felt since he met Peggy. It’s disturbing but also a mercy that he’s feeling as good as he does. Only a day ago, he was in a plane ready to die to keep New York safe. The fear of losing hasn’t worn off, but somewhere in this, he’s found a light in the form of a strong, smart, opinionated brunet.
“That’s not enough Captain.”
“Fine.” Tony draws out the ‘i,’ trying to sound put together.
“You just had him, Bucky. He’s mine right now.” Steve doesn’t take his eyes off Tony as he speaks, and Tony whimpers at the thought of Steve taking him, right in front of Bucky. He’s so ashamed, but he thinks he wants that, because he can’t decide which alpha he needs more. His brain is screaming that ‘both’ is an acceptable answer.
“JARVIS?” He hopes the AI answers because he feels ashamed at the need to go and find Tony otherwise.
“Because he doesn’t know any better!” Steve bursts out.
Beasts. The lot of them. He wonders why he bothers, but for his self-acknowledged avarice. If God feels so strongly about greed that he’d make it one of the seven deadly sins, it’s probably because he wanted to reserve all the fun for himself. Though he’s thinking of dumping gluttony and sloth off that list. Leave it for the mere mortals to indulge in.
“That doesn’t seem like a good idea. Tony, we should get to the clinic.” Steve backs up and squats on his heels. Tony starts to crawl towards him, wedging his knees up underneath his body so he can grasp Steve by the lapels of his shirt.
Doughnuts. Doughnuts were going to deus ex machina him out of an unhappiness spiral.
“Wait your turn, Bucky.”
“Yes, but it’s distant still. Seriously, Tony, you’ll overheat in there.” And well, Steve looked genuinely concerned at that. Which made Tony’s paranoia spike. Did Steve know? Did he suspect?
“You can and you will.” Tony has no more to say as the omelet is done and Steve is dishing it onto a plate. His omega looks at it like it’s going to crawl off and bite him in the face, and Steve wonders if all omegas are so dramatic about food. It’s not like he’s ever been around one for long besides himself, and he wasn’t really a great example.
“It’s no problem, I can show you how to use it. Take a seat, I insist.” The beta woman is bubbly and sweet, so much so that Steve doesn’t try to argue, but sits down in the cozy chair and stares at the screen in front of him. He puts his hand on the mouse, like you’re supposed to, but he’s not sure where to click. She points at the screen and he brings his pointer there.
“Me?” Steve’s face is shuttered, unreadable.
“Why?”
Steve hasn’t even so much as glimpsed Tony in a couple of days. The attempts at bringing lunch to the workshop are rebuffed by JARVIS.
“You’re usually a better negotiator than that.” Loki’s observation sounds offhanded, indifferent. But Tony knows better. The teams all think that Tony needs to soldier on. To try and wait it out or be there so that if things do turn out badly, they can find someone else who is drift compatible with him.
If this is all he gets of Tony, the scraps, he’ll take it. It’s better than nothing at all.
“It’s started.” Steve withdraws his arms, and Tony rubs his hand on his forehead as he speaks.
“If you believe that Captain, then I can’t help you any further.”
“You may be a genius Stark, but you sure are an asshole.” Clint stalks off then, Natasha slipping into step behind him, leaving Fury glaring at Tony. Tony throws on a lascivious little smile right back, which causes Fury to huff and follow Clint and Natasha. That left Great America, the emotional rollercoaster that was Steve Rogers, to continue focusing on Tony.
“Ok, yeah Steve.” Steve’s hand is gentle but firm as it grasps Tony’s mostly hard cock. Tony hisses in a breath through his teeth and presses his heels to the floor, bucking ever so slightly into Steve’s grip.
“Hurts.” Tony turns his head to look at Steve, his eyes pleading Steve to do something about the pain. Steve thinks about it for a moment, before knowing exactly what he’s going to do.
“Alpha, alpha
“He doesn’t need you, Bucky. Tony, sweetheart,
Instinct was a cruel thing. It was the prerogative of Omegas to kneel, submit to an Alpha. Tony couldn’t stop himself.
Of course he wants that.
“Let me see,” Natasha says as she leans over Pepper. Steve is trying to stand away from the door so his scent doesn’t leak into Tony’s room, but honestly, the smell of Tony is so overwhelmingly strong that he doesn’t think Tony can tell anyone else is there. He’s also worried that more Alpha scent might be worse for Pepper right now. Beta’s sense of smell isn’t very good, but the hallway stinks of Nat, Bucky, and Steve, their stressed hormones blanketing the enclosed space. There’s no way she can’t scent it. As for Tony, he’s lost to his rut, which started a few days ago. Of course, Tony hadn’t put it on the schedule, so he had managed to bark at some interns and give a board member the bird before Pepper realized what was up.
“And the ceremony will take place a week from now?” Steve is still getting used to being out of the ice, and the cold of the conference room nips at his skin. He wants out of here as soon as possible and away from this problem that won’t seem to go away. What he wants is to see what’s left of his home in Brooklyn. To walk the streets and see if he can capture some of the life he had before. He knows it will be a pale imitation, but he can’t stop himself from wanting.
“Good. Wear a plug next time. I don’t want to waste any time prepping you.” Tony wipes at Steve’s face, like he always does, before scraping it at his ass, pressing on Steve’s hole so that more come will squirt onto the rag. Tony is always thorough.
that you show me,” Steve spits.
“Ok, ground rules my dude. Don’t touch anything. Not a thing. It’s all mine and it’s all expensive. Cap, I don’t have to warn you off of my stuff, but some of this is irreplaceable.” The kid looks properly chastised and Tony thinks he won’t be starting shit any time soon. He has no idea what the kid wants or why he trusts Tony. He really, really shouldn’t be relying on Tony at all.
“You’re done moping.”
They pause, shuffling.
“You have to… you have to save him.”
Tony rubbed gently at his chest, the dark veins he’d seen in the mirror firm and ribbed under his touch, but moved his hand away quickly. If he didn’t watch out, it’d become a habit.
The diner they find is small and covered in broken glass. The owners are an older couple who are already working on cleaning up the floor. After they’re welcomed inside, they all sit at two tables pushed together with chairs at either end. Tony deliberately picks a seat far away from Cap. One next to Thor who probably can’t tell by scent that Tony is an Omega. Yes, everyone knows, but they don’t need to smell him; that’s totally gross. He can’t currently scent Steve from his place either. He feels a push and pull to go near the man, but the instincts he’s learned since Afghanistan tell him to stay away at all costs.
.” Steve isn’t coming back. The truth is written on his skin; he has all of the lust and need for an Omega painted on him. Bites at his neck, a bruising ache in his glands from how often Steve had sucked on them. But it’s over now, and Steve isn’t here. Tony wants to cry. He hasn’t truly cried in so long. Not since leaving Afghanistan. He doesn’t count the endless tears that Steve had twisted from him. They don’t mean a thing.
“Good, because if I find out from Stark or anyone else that it didn’t, there won’t even be words to be had. Now, did you learn your lesson?”
“Yes.” He grabs the plate and takes it back to his station, shoveling eggs into his mouth just like he did the first day where he vomited. “So what else,” he says around a piece of toast.
“Last time I trusted someone, I lost an eye.” Fury let that one have its own space for a while, while Tony contemplated how to give a thank you card or a glitter bomb to someone he’d never met for making Fury a paranoid nanny-agent. “Now, unfortunately for you, we need Iron Man, and for that we need Tony Stark to get his head out of his ass and manage his health. There’s no negotiation here, you want to stay on the Avengers, you’ll take care of this. As we agreed.”
“What my body wants has nothing to do with me Steve. I’m saying yes, but this doesn’t mean I’ll be your obedient little wind up toy on the field.” Tony’s words come out sounding desperate, so much so he knows that Steve can hear it. Steve presses down harder, the rigid plane of his body over Tony’s back. It makes Tony shudder again in want, vibrating against Steve, and his anger spikes just as he bucks back and tries to wriggle out from underneath the unfairly large Alpha.
Tony shudders, full body.
“Yes, yes fine, now if you’re done speaking, don’t you have a job to do?” Tony is vicious with his words. He wants Cap to know. It feels like walking into a minefield when he says it. He doesn’t know what comes next.
“Tony?”
“Rhodey this place is awful. I hate bugs. I hate dirt. And my phone isn’t getting any signal.” He passes the whiskey to Rhodey, who leans over to take it with a curve of his lips and a soft grunt.
Scientists call it drift merge.
After he’s done flying through the streets of the Bay Area, he heads home for some much-deserved relaxation. In the meantime, he’s humiliating a C-Grade villain while lounging on the water surrounded by his... product. These are his worshippers, his humble acolytes of Extremis.
“This is my job, Steve! It’s what I do. I invent and I bring new products to the market. You’re interfering with the cash cow. You know who fucking hates that? The board of SI. You’re going to get me ousted. I can fucking see it now. Captain America manages to take down an American icon by being an absolute dickwad.”
Steve had a gymnast’s body, or a swimmer’s. Broad, sculpted shoulders with narrow hips that accentuated the fact that the man never missed leg day. Steve’s back muscles had muscles. Tony had always found that it was the little things about Steve’s fitness that got to him. The dip of the man’s spine where his trapezius pulled tight. The tightness of his abductors that made Tony think of Cap straddling him, having his way as he enclosed Tony’s waist with all that unbridled power.
“We’re cutting your caffeine intake.” Steve all but snarls. He can’t believe this is his marriage. Having a battle of wills with his omega husband over a granite countertop that cost more than his apartment in Brooklyn when he was young. He doesn’t want any of this. He’s never wanted this, and he feels a twisted sort of hate at Tony for making him have it.
“Tony,” Steve warns, caressing Tony’s hair.
He sighs as he feels the head of the man’s cock rest against his hole, and braces himself for impact. It’s been a long time since he’s had to talk himself into a good headspace. Nowadays he just thinks of the repairs he’s working on and how they’re almost, almost going home.
I’ll never leave you.
Barton and Natasha find him first, almost like they know he wants to meet with them.
“If I’m a hero, I’m a hero. Not— not an Omega hero. And that’s a big ‘if’ on the hero part.” Howard rises up in the ghost of a memory of how disappointed he was in Tony’s being an Omega. And Tony doesn’t hate his designation because of his father, but because of what the designation is. Natasha doesn’t know, or understand.
He doesn’t know why he even responded to such a blatant overture, but for his newfound, innate
“One question at a time, ice, ice baby. In order, we have zombies caused by some kind of virus that makes them crave human flesh, I’m Tony Stark, and you, my unfortunate friend, are fighting off the virus that the infected gave you when they chomped down on your arms. Whether you recover or not, determines my next steps.” Steve looks down again at his arms, and realizes that yes, they’re definitely infected. Puffy and red around the edges, the swollen flesh is just this side of too hot.
His life seems so meaningless in the way it did when he first woke up from the ice. The contract had given him purpose. He was meant to guide Tony and change him for the better. But Steve had never known Tony enough in the first place to know what was better. Nor had he understood that there was never any one kind of ‘true’ omega. All the omegas he’d thought to be models of propriety were nothing but mirages, things he thought he saw when he was young that disappeared the closer you looked.
When the knot deflates, Tony slips off and crawls away to the corner again, little hiccups sprouting from his mouth as he shudders and shakes. Steve can’t stop himself this time, and he goes towards Tony, crawling carefully into his space. Tony mewls and tries to burrow into the bedding, but Steve covers Tony’s body with his own, offering protection instinctively as alphas should.
“He, and yes, he’s… infuriating. And I think I’ve done him wrong.” Steve sniffles and wipes roughly at his face.
Slowly, his hands lift away from the nuke, the suit going dark. He gazes out into a great nothing filled with so many more Chitauri than he could have possibly imagined. The nuke speeds on, oblivious to its change in scenery or trajectory.
“Rhodey, Rhodes, Rhoderino. I already have Pepper on my case. Do you have to make this a circle jerk?”
Tony Stark begins to ramble at that point, telling him his name, all about the organization that had him first, SHIELD, and how with the new virus, they’d botched his awakening. And yes, his poorly timed retrieval from the arctic where he’d been frozen, then defrosted, then dropped into the middle of the worst crisis humankind had ever faced.
His options limited, he figures he can outrun or otherwise dodge whoever is outside until he makes it to higher ground. He’s got to try, anyway. Shoving a few of the creatures away from him, their grasping hands sliding off his skin, he makes it through the doorway. And ends up in a warzone.
“Eager.” Steve, in a fit of generosity, gave Tony two more and he fucked them in and out as Tony ground his ass back on them. “Hold tight.”
Tony wraps up the letter and puts it in his pocket with the rest of them, eager to get onto the next treasure to find. He bounds towards the stairs, pushing the door open and breathing in a mouthful of Steve’s scent in the stairway. Up or down?
Choking and sputtering, Steve pulls off for a moment to admire the now-red lips that Tony is sporting and his own slippery cock. He can’t wait for the juices that will entangle with his pubic hair after he has Tony’s ass. But he’s going to have to, because Tony needs to swallow a load of his cum first. It’s the first step towards submission from an Omega, the spend making them calmer, looser in order to take a knot.
He wonders, somewhere, if he’s made a mistake.
He most certainly is. He’s utterly perfect. Steve wants. Like nothing he’s ever needed to possess before. The Alpha inside him rises like a shadow over his brain and whispers about how Tony would look with a mating mark on his neck, how sweet the lines of his body would be if they were glistening with sweat as he was worked over by Steve. The tears that would slide down the crinkles of his face when Steve stuffed his mouth full with his cock.
Steve has considered offering the choice to Tony, but he can’t trust that the man will be reasonable. In the end, even Bucky will support him. This is a kindness to Tony.
It turns out that what Tony decides is best is to immediately get out of bed and make his way to the workshop. Steve meets him in the hallway and for a moment thinks to stop him, but remembers what the doctor said.
With one finger in Tony’s ass, he uses the others to rub on Tony’s perineum, causing Tony to whine and lean forward. Steve snatches at his hips and hauls him back onto his finger, before slipping him another.
“Fine, just, fine. We’ll revisit the subject another time.” He takes a deep breath. “In the meantime, I’m releasing you from your budget and you can also go where you please, but just, please let me know where you are. I’d also like to go to one of your events with you.”
Things get better after that. It’s inexplicable how Steve can get Tony to live again after he’s gone through a slump. But that’s one of the many magical parts of Steve.
“Save it. Loki’s going to keep this fight focused on us, and that’s what we need. Without him, these things could run wild. We got Iron Man up top. He’s going to need us to—” The star spangled man with a plan may be correct.
“I think—I think I wanted to hurt you.” Steve clamps down over Tony’s hips and reaches up to cup Tony’s face in a mockery of intimacy.
“Going to head down then?” Nat says as Tony’s mug is being rapidly drained of coffee as he tilts it back further and further into his mouth.
“It’s not. I’m so empty. It
“You know what, go ahead, you can touch them. Pet away, they love the attention.”
“It was an inconvenience. And now it’s not.”
It’s not startling, then, that if they can no longer stand each other, they have turned to the team—to Tony—as a means to fill in the gaps. There’s a shallow, ugly part of him that
He’s wise enough to know what's happening now has to do with Tony’s pre-heat. He doesn’t know how he knows, but he does.
“Always loved you,” Tony whispers, and it’s only through Steve’s superior hearing that he catches it, and he swells with the confession.
“See? There. Oh–” Steve gasped as he pulled the helmet off, dropping it in shock, his cheeks pinking as his eyes went dark. Tony’s cloying omega scent filled the room as if it had never not been there. Averting his eyes away from Steve, Tony cowered on the ground.
“I’m sorry.” And he is sorry. He didn’t mean to worry anyone. He just needed to get away.
At 0800 hours he’s finally at SHIELD, feeling pulled in every direction at once.
“Play my game Rogers, or get up and get out, and never come back to SHIELD. I don’t think you recognize how serious this is. Fury can and will cut you loose if you fail to change.”
“Very.” He found he meant it. “So, JARVIS. Why didn’t you introduce us before?”
Barnes— he doesn’t get up.
“Well, the first heat’s too painful without your alpha. It’s meant to bring you closer. Bet you must be wondering then how come I didn’t have children. Weren’t for lack of Conall’s tryin’.” Tony is strong. He’ll want to do it alone, his heat.
Nat is still cold, and she hasn’t met his eyes once.
“Ok, well if you’re going to be you, do it well, then. Don’t give them room to complain, and don’t complain to me when it explodes in your face.” He wasn’t worried, because he was going to verbally hog-tie Stern and any witnesses he called to the stand, and not in the fun way.
“You are already good, Tony. Shh, sweetheart.” Steve latches back on once more and moves his hand around to touch the front of Tony’s pants. He’s met with Tony’s hard cock, which isn’t sized like he is, but is firm and warm with arousal. He rubs at it and is rewarded with sweet little keening noises from Tony. His omega is so gorgeous, so beautiful. How could he ever hurt him?
“Tony?”
He pulls off and rolls to his feet, leaving Tony’s legs spread and his cock looking debauched with saliva. It lays flat on his stomach, twitching and shiny, the swollen head leaking a lazy stream of precum.
“You’re so pretty like this, Tony. I’ve always wanted—well, you’re hard not to want. But this was something else. You’re like an angel.” Complimented, his wings titter and shake themselves out, preening. Tony stared at Steve, wide-eyed. All it took to get Steve to requite the unrequited was to grow a pair—of wings. Tony was stunned.
Thinking of Edith, he puts together a meatloaf recipe his mother knew and does more of his rosary while he waits for it to bake. Tony will either be in his workshop or he won’t. And if he’s not, Steve has to not panic, and just use the telephone he’s been given to find out where Tony is. He knows Tony should tell him where he’s gone, but right now he just wants to get this one thing right. This is a battle he has to win.
“Do I have enough blood for that?” That’s the real question.
“I think I did ok!” He knows he didn’t. He didn’t do ‘ok.’ Pepper got involved; her safety was compromised. And yeah, he stepped in, saved the day, but hindsight was 20-20, and he should have made sure that Vanko was dead. The man was his responsibility, his cross to bear from the moment he appeared on the race track in Monaco. His enemies would always consider the people around him to be collateral damage at best, leverage at worst.
“Maybe it’s time to sleep after this?” He suggests.
But the shower next to him turns off too, and when Tony steps out with a fresh towel wrapped around his waist, there’s Bucky, gleaming chest and slicked back hair waiting for him. Tony’s eyes trace every magnificent curve of his pectorals and abdomen, each bit of it rippled with power.
Then Tony sleeps again, and Steve is left alone with his thoughts. He thinks on how badly he misjudged Tony’s level of promiscuity. He’d never even taken an alpha’s cock before now, and Tony willingly ceded that to Steve. Tony is so beautiful and sweet like this, needing him and presenting for Steve. He’s afraid of what happens after, though he holds out hope that Tony sees how much Steve has changed and is willing to give him an opportunity.
It’s while he’s sitting there that he notices the smell has changed. Tony has undone his tie and is scratching at his neck, right over the gland.
The scotch is good, and Steve licks his lips of the few spilled drops left there before releasing the glass to Tony. They’re almost chest to chest now, toes pressed to one another’s.
“Heats cloud my better judgment. Things I might say would be asking you to breed me. I don’t actually want your babies, just so we’re clear. But in my heat, I might ask for it.”
This is just. No. Tony couldn’t have done this deliberately, but it feels like he has.
How remains to be seen, but he’s going to try.
“Wait, hold the phone. Did you just—Did you—What, you’re offering me sex? You’re putting that on the table. This is—” Pointing at Steve, his suit wiggles with contained uncertainty. Always wearing his emotions on his sleeve, Steve thinks.
“The church helped funnel a lot of omegas out in those days. Many went to the sisterhood. We would trade omegas between the churches, to keep them out of their old neighborhoods. Most alphas never came looking. Too embarrassing to lose your property I suppose. But the ones that did, well, we did our best. There were some good things back then, good alphas who treated their omegas as a partner. But there were many more doing things that we don’t look too kindly on now. Have you any other sins to confess?”
“Judge all you want, Cappy. At this point, we are all going to die. I intend to deserve it.” Which is not really an answer. He needs to play it calm, try to gain this man’s cooperation, his trust. That’s when he opens his big mouth, however.
“Be careful Tony. Just, take it easy, please.”
“I just did.” In the air, he circles and looks for the nuke, establishing contact with its rudimentary piloting system through JARVIS. There’s not enough time to hack it, and even if he did, where would he send it?
“Love, come back to bed.”
and he’s sliding inside Tony, oh so carefully. Tony stops laughing and moans, loud and wanton, and Steve clutches at Tony’s hips, not certain if he’s trying to pull Tony up or down.
He pulls off the gland enough to speak.
“Tony, you are an omega. That is what you are. And omegas are designed to correspond specifically to alphas. We protect, you nurture. We go to work, you take care of the home. This is not difficult to understand.” Steve didn’t think that Tony could get colder, but he looks positively frigid now, his eyes a tundra of unsaid things. Tears are standing in the corners of his eyes, but they don’t fall, and Tony looks like he’s not going to speak at all. But he does anyway, with a look of long-suffering patience.
“Well, he’s not dead.” Clint is lounging on the couch in the dining room. Steve has made sure that Tony isn’t there for this initial confrontation. It’s the least he can do to ensure his mate isn’t embarrassed by questions from people who might not be genuinely concerned. He couldn’t opt to protect Tony from himself, but he will make sure no one else in this world upsets his Omega. His most precious possession.
“Okay. Okay, Tony.” He glances his fingers off Tony now, methodically memorizing him as best he can with the limitations presented. His hands glide over Tony’s back, up and center to meet his spine, and then down to press the tips of his fingers to the divots of flesh above Tony’s ass. He makes his touch firm, unhesitating. He wants Tony to know what he’s seeking and knowing.
“Mr. Rogers.” The smooth British voice flows out from everywhere and nowhere at once. How elegant Tony’s technological marvels were just as elegant as he was.
When Bucky breaches him, it’s one smooth and long glide through the messy stickiness of Steve’s cum and Tony’s slick. It’s all over his thighs, sunk into a wet spot on the bed, and the sensation of it is as cool as a wet cloth.
“I quit, I’m resigning. That's it.” And while that broke his heart, he wasn’t taken aback. Selfishly though, he needed her. Somewhere inside, he thought, maybe after their shared trauma from the fight, he could have her in his life. He would. He would do anything to keep her around.
“Wait! Wait! Hold on. How is this now about me and being Omega? ”
Altogether, though, Tony is speechless, and he blushes, placing gentle hands on Bucky’s arm while the other man stares down at Tony through the curtain of his long hair. Bucky’s eyes are a more solid, consistent blue than Cap’s, a kinder determination than he used to have swimming in their depths. The Bucky of before was all furrowed brows and downturned lips, struggling with his identity as the Winter Soldier. This man is more secure in himself—maybe less Bucky than he is James Barnes or the Soldier, but somewhere in between.
“Tony.”
There’s a brief moment where he thinks maybe Tony truly isn’t cut out for this kind of life, but he dismisses it when he remembers that other omegas that he’d known lived quiet and fulfilling lives. Tony can do that too. If he wants it. He just has to want it.
He swallows.
it. He has Steve back. Tony is the man who showed Steve the future, but Bucky is the one who brought the past—and Steve has taken to that like a hot knife through butter. He’s sliced and crowded and
“What do you want to happen?” Steve is still stroking cum onto Tony, dominating and admittedly arousing. Maybe just for this moment, Tony belongs to Steve. Wholly to him and them, and the joined flesh between them. Tony imagines walking out of here, hand in hand with Steve, the man smiling down at him with that beaming grin he gives Tony so infrequently. The one he’s free in giving to others, that he’ll now share with Tony.
Steve’s thrusts stutter, his knot pre-filling in anticipation. It’s a slow drag on his soft and bruised entrance, bruises he won’t feel until his heat is over, but the tenderness is a lovely counterpoint to the fat bulge of the knot. Tony’s desperate now, his hands fisted in the cum-stiff bedding, his mouth pressed open, drool unspoiling from underneath his tongue.
Tony’s too good to attack a man while he’s down, and he’s too good to hit Steve in the face while the man checks over his worthless friend. Because Tony isn’t a fucking liar, or a bad person.
It agitates him that he doesn’t know anything about Tony now. Who he was seeing before they married, who he’s been with, why? Steve feels that he maybe has some right to that information, but he thinks that Tony will fight him on this too.
It’s like a bucket of cold water has been dumped over Steve, trails of cold gliding down his torso and reverberating back up again. He backs up, immediately prying himself off of Tony, and finds himself creating space between them.
“Pepper is the CEO, not Tony!” Steve wouldn’t have rushed into this without knowing the consequences. He looked. Tony can be CEO if the board approves of his alpha. Steve has never needed the persona of Captain America before, but if there’s one thing he has no problem using it for, it’s his soon to be mate.
“Then talk to this friend. Confide in them. Maybe something good can come of it. I assume this person already knows your predicament.”
“I know so.”
“I would do it myself, Sam. I don’t need your threats to remind me how important Steve is. It’s a part of my DNA.”
“Do what you have to do. I don’t regret it.” Steve wants this over with.
“Want to fuck that pretty mouth of yours,” he says, hoping Tony is amenable. It is so very pretty, and even more gorgeous wet with spit and red from use. He wonders if Tony can take his entire length. He wants to find out.
There’s a bit of hope inside him, that Tony will see him as a viable mate after all is said and done. He doesn’t know what his life will look like after, otherwise. Can he spend every day looking at Tony and not being able to have him? He would have to.
He makes a steak dinner, carefully defrosting the meat in the sink with warm water. There’s also potatoes and asparagus that he dutifully prepares. When it’s all done, he cuts the steak in half to make sure it’s cooked, medium rare, and takes Tony’s plate down to where he knows the man will be.
Fury had tried to create a team out of the husks of people who had already sustained too much damage from the world at large. If Tony could have connected with people, he would have. He didn’t hold out hope for the disgruntled old man at the table working well with Tony Stark. It burned in his gut that Iron Man and Captain America might be a different story.
“The normal way. Next time, wait.” The Captain eyes him up, his lips curled into a slight frown that makes Tony want to
Scrambling up, he holds the branch out in front of him like it’s going to be able to help. Maybe with poking it, getting it angry, but not much more than that. So he decides to toss it in the wolf’s direction, see if it gets scared.
“Then don’t come to me when Tony eventually finds out what you did.” Bucky slips out of the booth, hands propelling him away from the table. He stalks out of the diner, slamming the door shut behind him, rattling the frame.
Choosing to ignore the unintended insult, he snatches Banner’s arm and begins to drag him towards the lab, escaping tall, blond, and loathsome taste in friends.
And how he’s imagined. Tony with his head thrown back, arc reactor fire bright and exposed, gasping convulsively as he rides out his orgasm. It makes the drive home excruciating, but for the syrupy way Tony slouches in the front seat. Compliant. Flawless. Steve takes a moment to swipe a bit of drool that leaches out the side of Tony’s mouth, bringing it to his own for a taste.
“—after your twenty-two spankings.” Tony stops and throws out a hand to steady himself on the wall before turning around and leaning against it.
“I see. Yes. That was part of it. Did you know that Tony supports the Omega Support Network?”
He tries to tell Steve that it hurts, but his mouth is muffled still.
“I just want to know what you’re working on.”
Tony drops to the bed, and Steve does so beside him, their bodies mirrored quotations towards one another, and in the center, everything that Steve has done to protect them. Tony reaches across the gap and caresses Steve’s beautiful face, the pads of his hands rough on the stubble that Steve hasn’t shaved off this morning. He leans in slow, and completes the sentence between them that’s waiting to be spoken.
“Tony.” It wrecks him to see Tony like this, worn down and thin from indulging in nothing but coffee. Tomorrow is the day for pill four. He’s got to resolve this, before everything comes tumbling down.
“The world has nothing. It’s just random, unfair circumstance.”
“So very good. So beautiful,” Steve says, almost to himself, his eyes locked onto where he can see that they’re connected, and Tony tosses his head back, unable to bear looking at Steve anymore when he’s already so close to coming.
“Do either of you think SHIELD will stop me if they find out? And doesn’t Tony’s happiness matter?” If anything, SHIELD is going to help him make this legitimate. Fury probably thinks they can attain more tech that way, and he’s while he’s not wrong, Steve would never make Tony create weapons for SHIELD or otherwise jeopardize Tony’s autonomy with SI. No, once Tony is his, and SHIELD is off his back, he’ll be more inspired to create gifts. That’s just how Tony is; pressure him and he gets stubborn. Leave him be and he blossoms, making tech at will.
“I was wrong, director. The world hasn’t changed a bit.” Rogers looks so disappointed, and Tony is fiercely glad that look hasn’t been turned on him.
“You’re supposed to be Captain America, an upstanding, forward thinking alpha who always does the right thing. How is this right? How could you be so heartless?” Steve’s never seen Pepper so disheveled, and he imagines Rhodes must not have either, because the other man gets up from the bed and goes to wrap his arms around Pepper, head nestled on her shoulder.
He doesn’t deserve more.
Tony is aware that if Steve is with him, inside of him, he shouldn’t feel any sense of concern or fear. But it’s been 72 hours. Steve hasn’t turned up in any hospitals. No body has been found. The last time he saw him, the last time he saw Steve, it was on the battlefield. The moment sits in his mind with crystal clarity, the very moment that he failed to save Steve, to protect him.
“Security Breach. It’s on you.” Tony’s brows furrow at how JARVIS’s protocol could be overridden. He takes a swig of champagne in preparation for whatever it might be that caused Fury to set the hounds on Tony’s life.
What remained of Steve was forever lost inside Tony, and he was never getting it back. And to think, he was content with that. It wasn’t a bitter pill or a disappointment. Tony deserved the world. He deserved a better man than Steve. If Steve was Tony’s consolation prize, then Steve would willingly carve pieces of himself off for Tony to have. If that was what he wanted.
The next day they all meet on the street with Loki in an actual muzzle. Tony thinks it looks kind of kinky, but since Loki is adopted, if they wanted to get down that way, it’s not technically wrong. They’re all in civvies, Steve looking as old man as he possibly can with his worn looking jacket and striped shirt. Selvig carries the Tesseract to give to Thor so it can go back to Asgard. If you had asked Tony though, the Tesseract belonged to him through his father. But… he’s willing to see it off the planet at this point. More trouble than it’s worth.
Tony was a liar. He hid his identity. And Tony had killed people, with his negligence. He didn’t listen. Cap didn’t even
And god yes, Tony is absolutely receptive. He wants it more than oxygen, more than the manic feelings he gets when he’s creating. The tenterhooks he’s hanging on feel flimsy, ready to toss his self-control away with the breeze.
“I don’t doubt it. It takes premeditation to do what you did.” Because Tony can never shut up, he pokes the sleeping bear.
Steve makes his blow job filthy, saliva dripping everywhere, coating Tony’s balls in cool liquid. Tony engorges more while he’s seated in Steve’s mouth, and Steve swallows every bit of his length down. Tony is rough in his throat, and it feels good to force his muscles to open up for the assault. He can feel the outline of the glans on his tongue, the velvet slide of skin over Tony’s cock.
The cheek is a welcome break from his sappy thoughts, and Tony laughs, spying the twinkle in Bucky’s eyes. “Princess kitty needed his beauty rest and ample coffee. Besides, you’re a faithful companion. You can wait.”
A sinister part of his brain whispers.
Steve was almost interested in seeing how Anthony would react now that Steve was in charge of his life.
Wait, no.
“Bucky. Leave him alone.”
Licking the inside of Steve’s mouth, Tony moves like he’s the tide coming in, relentless, searching for every fissure that Steve has. His leg wedges between Steve’s, his arms reaching towards Steve’s chest. They’re doing their best to crawl into one another, and it’s working, each of them gathering up the commensurate parts into a single, whole animal that is Steve and Tony.
“I have unfinished business with Loki.”
“Captain!” Fury shouts, and Rogers looks over, perplexed, but lets Tony go. Tony takes advantage of the window and bolts. His thoughts are now consumed with anger at Rogers, at himself for being so easy to subdue, for feeling like he has to hide who he is to the rest of the world, including Rogers. Would Rogers have said he was as worthless if he could put on the suit?
Tony is a squirming mess, and Steve somehow finds a way to put Tony on his back, hands still clawing at Steve’s body.
“Yes, god, yes I do.”
“Tony.” It’s in a place like this that Steve suddenly feels insecure. Like he doesn’t belong. He is admittedly impressed that Tony does feel comfortable here, and seems to know what he’s doing. He wonders who taught him all of this. Maybe it was Howard, though it doesn’t seem like technology would have progressed that much during Howard’s time. Not if the history books he’s been reading are to be believed.
“Good omega. So very good,” Bucky croons as he lowers himself down on top of Tony, pressing into the come on his stomach and bracketing Tony’s face with his arms. His body is almost wet and it’s sandwiched between the two men, who, for the moment, are not posturing at one another.
. He doesn’t know why that does it for him, but just the thought of it has him hard in again.
Steve’s smile is like the sun rising, blanketing Tony in happiness. Tony’s done something right and good, and Steve is eclipsing all the bad feelings with just the expression on his face.
“I got a nuke coming in. It’s gonna blow in less than a minute.”
“I have you, love. I’ll take care of you. I promise you always. You’re so good, omega. My perfect, sweet boy.” Steve peppers his words and more kisses along Tony’s face, and Tony gasps at the kindness in Steve’s voice. How much it sounds like he means it.
“So, what, did the island nominate you to talk me out of my self induced isolation? I said I was sorry. And it’s also not your business how things are between Pepper and me.”
Tony is whining now, head thrown back on his pillows, his hips doing little circles while Steve holds him steady, his fingers sliding, hooking Tony open. Steve moves his other hand and traces his fingers over the flushed pink skin of Tony’s cock, and smiles to himself. He reaches up, makes his grip firm, encircles Tony’s cock, and strokes him, up and down, twisting his palm firmly over the head. Tony’s cock is slick with Steve’s spit. He wants to make it slicker, and then he’s sliding it straight into his mouth, tasting salty precum at the tip.
“But I want to
Something topples into him and he keels over, hitting the ground roughly, yelping as his hands scrape across debris and his knees bloom with pain.
“It’s what you’ll get.”
Clint and Natasha are shadows at Fury’s back, Clint in a plain agent-y suit while Natasha sports a red that has even Tony’s cheeks heating from the daring cut of it. She must be corseted and sewn into that thing, he reasons.
him over me. How do you expect me to believe you?” The outrage sweeps him then. Steve fucked him, and it means next to nothing, despite whatever he’d said about love.They’re here, aren’t they? To save Bucky of all people. The man who has murdered more people over the past sixty years without a trace than most assassins can do in their lifetime. It matters not at fucking all that Bucky did it brainwashed. What does anyone say to the mothers and fathers of those people who died? Especially those who were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
“Clint.” Nat is less amenable to the change in circumstances. Steve had thought she would be supportive, perhaps elated that he’d finally gotten a hand on Stark. Instead she seems wary. He was certain she would accost him later.
“What— No— Um?”
He’s not going to stand for this though. Which is why he takes a cocky stand, tilts his chin up, hips uneven with as much smarm as he can muster while he feels like absolute garbage.
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn’t funny. No offense, Doctor.” Ok, so Steve isn’t. He doesn’t think the man is stupid. Maybe he just dislikes Tony? He’s used to that. He knows, vaguely, that he comes off as an ass, just like Fury had said. But it wasn’t actually a problem to solve. His high walls had kept the worst of the people out. It’s something where he knows that if you can see him, get past the chaff, that he may not be lovable, but he is an okay-ish friend. At least Rhodey tells him he’s not the worst.
Because Bucky likes the future, even if Steve doesn’t, and Bucky likes Tony—or, well, Tony likes to think Bucky does. He likes to hope.
Maybe it’s no less than he deserves.
“We didn’t keep it from you,” Fury grumbles.
“Says the former soldier to the inventor. You know that Iron Man can’t do what he does without my genius, yeah?”
“And how will you make amends?”
“No?”
Tony’s hole is oozing slick now, and he’s canting his hips back in askance. Steve leans over him on all fours, the head of his cock gliding against Tony’s wet thighs.
“Goddammit. I truly hate you. I didn’t think anything in my life could ever be worse than this, but this defies logic with how awful this is. I didn’t do anything to deserve this. You shouldn’t be here. You should be dead!” Steve lets Tony rant on like that for a time, before he approaches and herds Tony upstairs. Tony is desperate not to be touched by him, just as Steve doesn’t want to touch him at all, and as they make their way up, Tony mutters the entire time.
And Steve, Steve wants to
It’s at this point he realizes he doesn’t have a rosary. But from his memories, he can still pray it. He starts with the Apostles’ Creed and works his way down from the cross.
“We’ll show you how it’ll be with us, and after, you can pick.” Steve pets Tony’s hair and slides his hand down to cup Tony’s chin.
. He instinctively turns and runs, a little voice in his head crying that this is the worst of ideas.
“Yes, I believe I will grab this topic by the dick. What happened Tony?” Rhodey was already dressed for action, his date for the evening. The navy suit was slimming on him, almost like his standard issue Air Force uniform, but with way less stick up the ass.
“Three minutes, max. The payload will wipe out Midtown.” Oh fuck.
“I don’t mean Tony any harm, but this doesn’t have anything to do with him anymore.”
“Hmm, I suppose that’s something. Now try not to buy everything.” The sales rep comes back with a stack of fabrics in her arms. Steve reflexively reaches out to touch them.
“Fuck.”
“I don’t know what you mean at all. Why would you say things you don’t mean?”
He knows now that the metal man is Iron Man, Tony’s superhero costume and all-around containment unit that has kept him from getting bitten when he goes out. Steve doesn’t know about the others, who he’s only seen briefly, besides Bruce.
“I’m not sure you know how honest I’m going to be. But I think—I think I look forward to showing you.” Honest to god, Tony doesn’t really know what they’re talking about. He thinks that Steve is going to bash his head in, pull out the shield, and just do it. Make sure that Tony can never harm Barnes ever again. He’s going to die here, alone in the cold with a bunch of dead super soldiers. FRIDAY is gone, and there’s no one else here.
“Oof!”
“The Avengers. Just a little name we call ourselves. But hey, it includes your brother, the demi-god, a super soldier, a man with breath-taking anger-management issues, and a couple of master assassins. I mean, look, your Caligula style party sounds like great fun, but it’s our job to rain on any parade that encourages playground bullying and could end life on earth as we know it.”
Then there’s the issue of sleep. Tony doesn’t get nearly enough of it. Steve is going to fix that too, restricting the amount of caffeine Tony takes in. When he’s malleable from the hormones, they’ll work on all these things. Steve can’t wait to start.
He pulls off Tony, panting, trembling with his own need. He grinds his own cock down on the bedding underneath, feeling the slide of his own skin, back and forth, his knees bending so he can get more friction.
The clearing behind him is empty.
Contrary to outside expectations, Tony isn’t so narcissistic that he doesn’t pay attention to what’s around him. Sunny San Francisco is his today, and tomorrow? Who knows. He could be in every major city. But to do that, he’s got to deal with SHIELD. Which is not a problem, at least it fucking wasn’t until SHIELD used the cosmic cube to bring back a young and unfairly beautiful Captain America into working order once more.
His knot loosens just that little bit, and Tony lurches back to pull off of it, sliding up the bedding and out from under him, pushing further away from Steve. It hurts to be pushed away from Tony, but he lets it happen, because he knows Tony needs the space from what’s just been said. He watches as the omega curls up in the corner of the bedding, nesting as he holds his stomach and tucks his legs up.
“Wait outside, I’m going to dress him.”
He’d never expected Tony.
“Tense? You’ve been working too hard.”
“Steve.”
“There’s stuff I need to do for the company that can’t be done in my bedroom! Why are you so unreasonable? I don’t understand what I did to deserve this!”
The tower is quiet, and he proceeds to make a quick dinner again, something comforting. Chicken and dumpling soup seems like the right play. He rolls out the dumplings as he cooks the chicken, before tossing in chopped vegetables. A bit of cream and adding the dumplings, and it’s almost ready.
“They’ve been digging for hours now, and at this rate, they’ll be here in five. It won’t be long enough to– to withstand this. ” He turns his head back to Tony, eyes a predatory gleam amidst the guilt.
“Just let me take care of you right now. I’ve got you, babe.” Steve licks at his wet cheek and picks Tony up, holding him close. Bucky steps away and leads them back down the stairs to Tony’s room. At least, that’s where Tony thinks they’re going.
“Ask me again, Steve?”
He’s bashing away at robotic limbs, heads, and torsos as he hears the telltale shriek of repulsor energy above from Iron Man streaking by. Several bots in his vicinity simply implode, giving him much needed breathing space. The robots aren’t endless, but there sure are a lot of them.
If sanity were a requirement, none of them would be here.
Slowly, Steve strips Tony, sharp claws slicing the shirt from his back, fingers wrenching at the button of his pants as Tony slips them off along with his boxers. It’s hot, liquid
He lazes in bed for an hour, feeling indulgent even as he luxuriates in the soft fabrics, thinking of Tony and the tender orgasm that the omega had in his arms.
“You’ll have to check in your cell phones and any knives or other weaponry. I know you’re from a government agency, but we can’t have any of those things here. No pictures, no nothing. Understood?” Nat drops a few knives into the bin that she pulls out from who knows where on her person. Steve, who has nothing but his cell phone, drops that into the bin also.
“I’ve told you, I don’t think he’s an object. He’s just someone who deserves to be taken care of.”
“My suits are an investment. Everything related to business is already paid for by the company. Next.” Tony waves him off flippantly, and Steve’s anger curdles inside his stomach. He’s trying to remain composed, but Tony’s dismissiveness bites at him, chews through his fine self-control. It doesn’t help that he can scent the man across the table. It’s so good. Too good.
“Captain.”
and let this Alpha have what he wants.
Pulling off, Steve sucks two fingers into his mouth, lathering them with saliva. Tony’s eyes are hooded as he watches Steve move down to his hole, pressing at the furl of Tony’s ass.
He twists around, arm extended at the Vendorian’s face.
“Always,” Steve promises.
“I’m an old lady. What do I know about crude? If you haven’t shared it yet, let him come to you and ask, and promise to do as he wants. And mean it! You’re bonded, so he’ll have to come to you at first, until the bond solidifies.” Steve is incredulous. “What, you don’t think I know a fresh bite when I see one? That thing’s hardly a month old.”
Cleaning the kitchen should be a good distraction from his thoughts, but instead he’s hyper fixated on everything that led up to the heat and what happened after. Not to mention what went on during. He’s been inside Tony. In a way no other alpha had been. Tony was his, for all of a couple days. Tony’s body belonged underneath him, around him. He remembers every whimper, every scream. He remembers holding Tony while he trembled and squeezed tight and broke while Steve was inside him. He remembers gathering the pieces in his arms, Tony’s long, sweat-slick limbs akimbo and lean torso slippery with fluids. He doesn’t know how Tony managed to keep his shirt on, but he did, only managing to have it ride up to his chest before Tony would instinctively pull it down.
“Love isn’t about deserving. It just is. And if he wants you despite these things, you just be damn sure you live up to it. Do you think you can do that?”
Steve sets the plate down next to him as Tony ignores him. This is how it’s been in the week since. Steve takes the old plate of food with him, noting that Tony enjoyed the chicken and rice.
What if it’s always like this between them? If the wounds that Steve has inflicted on Tony are too deep for Tony to reconcile, then what of their relationship? Steve isn’t sure that this can be a one time thing for him, not anymore. He
“Why shouldn’t the guy let off a little steam?” Tony says in reference to Banner. Never let it be said that Tony isn’t willing to do death defying feats worthy of a hero, because Cap looks like he could bite his fingers off as he shoves Tony away.
at Bucky, even as Steve seemed to crave more of it, more of Bucky’s time. Even Tony could see what was happening.
“Something is different. Come in tomorrow, same time and place.” Nat turns and walks into the Quinjet then.
“And you think I gave up all the goods to my company? Oh no, the best security is one that isn’t on the general market. Look, I’m going to just get started, and prove right now that I don’t even need to sign a thing.” Tony grabbed the first package and tore it open. It hit the edge of the table and tumbled down like dirty laundry. The scent of sour yogurt permeated the room.
“He wanted a super-soldier, a weapon. He got one.” Tony groans at the admission and pulls Steve on top of him.
“I’m getting up.” Tony starts to crawl over the bed, and slides off of it onto the floor, dragging the covers and pillow with him.
When she gets to the room, there’s already a silent gathering of medical personnel and other pilots. Rhodes walks forward and grabs Natasha’s hand as Steve picks up the other helmet and puts it on.
“An errand at 3 am?” Steve is standing in the door frame, one large hand gripping the edge as his other hand lingers on the door handle in uncertainty. Tony wants him in the room, in their bed, but he doesn’t beckon Steve over.
“You know, Fury had this idea for us, called the Avengers, where we’d save the world. And you know I thought that man was crazy and seeing things with his one eye. But here we are, saving the world from a survivalist’s wet dream, and we’re all together as Fury wanted. So maybe he was right, but don’t you dare tell him that if he’s still alive.” They’re sitting on the balcony of the Tower overlooking the city. Even the fires and smoke that’s still coating the sky looks cheery with the mood they’re in. Everything is going to be ok.
“You–you, asshole! Fuck me, bite me, mate me, you– do it now. I need it now!”
Ok, so he’s made a mistake. He should never have let Bucky do that. Tony is out of his mind with how to cope, and he doesn’t know if it was just yesterday that it happened or a week ago. He hasn’t seen the sun in an age and the couch is starting to smell like his unwashed body. Several times JARVIS has turned away people. Bucky, Steve, Pepper, everyone.
Which, Tony has never been less glad to be proven right when Rogers shows up on a late afternoon, JARVIS kindly informing Tony that Steve was loitering with his bike outside. Tony sends someone to direct him to the garage while he makes himself scarce.
Tony shucked his tight-fitting shorts off in half a second, before sprawling back to let Steve kiss his chest.
“Tell me what to do. Tell me how to make this right.”
After, Steve is collapsed by Tony’s side, his cock tucked back into his pants. Tony is shameless next to him, only the symbiote to cover his casual nudity.
When Steve reaches around to unbutton him from his pants, he brushes the tip of Tony’s cock, and Tony lets out a soft cry, his whole being a greedy mess, needing and needing. Everything focuses to where Steve’s fingers glance at his flesh, each touch a prickling shock of arousal. More slick gushes out of him. He’s ready, ready, ready. And here Steve is taking his time. Doesn’t he want Tony? What if he doesn’t. He’s got to be better. He will be.
Herding Tony to the nest, he presses the man down into lordosis, but reconsiders. Tony’s eyes are all he wants to see when he takes him.
“Natalie mentioned that there’s another service she uses for heats. It’s more government officials than anything else. Very private, and they would accommodate hiding your identity as Iron Man.” There was something about Natalie, like how eerily good at her job she was. It had taken forever for Tony to find Pepper, and then a second, preternaturally good Omega assistant crops up? Tony didn’t really believe in coincidences like that anymore. But so far, topically, her identity had been clean. He’d been meaning to do more than a facebook stalk for some time now, but you know,
“Whatever you need, Tony.”
“—respect me? You can’t stop criticizing every move I make on the field. Just last week, you glowered at me like I’d stolen your tiara at the beauty pageant when I went into a collapsing building to save some people
“If I… cooperate, remember, you stay the fuck away from me when we’re on the field. Nothing changes, got it?”
“If that’s the best base, we want that. Is it in these swatches?” Steve asks.
“Yes, but not in that way. What is the point of letting this happen to me if there’s no purpose at the end of it! I want– I want–” Tony can’t finish as he stands up and slams his hands down on the table behind him, eyes clenched shut.
“Fine. Goodnight.” Tony turns to leave and Steve grabs his shoulder, spinning Tony around. In the dim light of the hallway, Steve can see something like fear on Tony’s face, the soft tremble of Tony’s lips and how his eyes flicker, and he lets go.
Things go smoothly as possible after that, Tony mumbling his proper lines as Steve evenly says his.
“He’s alive, but knocked out. With his injuries… It’ll be an hour before he wakes.” Steve looks pensive, and he stands up from Barnes, eying Tony with some amount of trepidation.
This is step three.
“So how long do I stay here?” Tony checks his watch and grimaces at it.
The next day he gets up at his usual 0600 and goes for a run. When he gets back, he notes that Tony’s door is opened and the bed is not ruffled in the slightest. Which means that he’s still down in the workshop. Steve decides that he’s going to make this easier on himself and bring down a plate of breakfast for Tony. He’s not looking for a fight today.
“Given your personal health issues with regard to your designation, at this juncture we’d only like to use you as a consultant.” Tony didn’t let Fury stay in his space for long, rising up from the table and reaching for Fury’s hands to clasp them in a quick handshake.
Steve’s resignation at not being able to help Tony does nothing for the appearances that Tony keeps making in his head. It’s worse, with the rut, as the stink of it fills up the hall. Steve envisions Tony on Steve’s bed, legs rucked up around his head, all that energy channeled into the sweet cries that leave Tony’s mouth. Steve is never going to hear them, and the realization hits him with juddering harshness.
“No, he doesn’t need more blood. He’s just recovering,” Bruce assures them.
“He is right. You do look so beautiful like this. I want you to be lovely and strung out with pleasure for me.” Steve is talking, but Tony can barely register it. Only that Steve’s promises sound as magnificent as Bucky’s, and he can’t wait to experience them.
“I am soon to be your mate and husband. So yes, I do get a say. More than a say. Things are going to change, Anthony.”
“Nope.” Steve thinks of their tryst earlier and feels a stirring of lust for the man in front of him. The man who is doing his best to save a world that Steve doesn’t even understand quite yet. Sometimes he thinks he’ll wake up again the next time he sleeps and he’ll be back in the plane, but when he sees Tony, he feels grounded.
Steve’s hands wander, keeping a firm grip on the upper bones of his wings as he slid them down to the humorous and back up to his ulna and radius. When Steve got the grip he wanted, he starts relentlessly pounding in and out of Tony.
He starts to get up, and hears the telltale whipping noise of the hammer being swung. He feints, not looking at the man before hitting him with a repulsor blast straight to the chest. It’s enough time for him to get up and blast towards the man, striking him with a kick.
What he would have given months ago to have Steve touch him like this. It makes him feel giddy and somewhat gluttonous as he imagines it. Maybe he doesn’t have Steve as a partner, a lover, an
The Captain is interrupted by Banner, and Tony is so utterly grateful that Brucie bear is here he could kiss the man. With that, he’s off to keep shooting at Chitauri, drawing them away from the throngs of running and screaming people.
“Pep, please—” That— that was not what he expected at all from her, and it seizes his body in paralytic fear and self-loathing.
His knot taunts him, inflated harder than it has been in a long time. Another spurt of come shoots out, and he grits his teeth at the sensation. He doesn’t always knot, but when he does, the orgasms never usually last this long. His body is wondering why there’s no omega wrapped around him. He doesn’t know what to tell it to stop making him feel the way he does.
“—it’s not like that—”
Confusion and anger battle inside of him for the briefest of moments as his eyes rove over the unoccupied space before he spots it: an innocent piece of paper where Steve’s head should be on the pillow. Of all the things that definite Tony, curiosity sits at the top of the list. He’s a cat, after all. His tail swishes back and forth, the reflex automatic as he sits up on the bed, tired eyes searching for something to pounce on. Tony pulls the folded paper apart with his claws and comes face-to-face with Steve’s perfect, early 1900s penmanship.
from what he’s done. It’s almost unforgivable but for the fact he’s done it before with perfect strangers. Let himself use and be used in turn. But this is Captain America, Steve Rogers who is now pounding in and out of him with a fury that encapsulates his designation, Alpha. It renders him inarticulate with feeling.
He shifts his hand down to clench at the hard length pressing up against his thigh, jerking it carelessly. The man groans and looks to latch onto Tony’s mouth, which the idiot should know that this is exactly like pretty woman, except in the end there’s no happy ending for all of these pathetic people. Tony dodges the lips and bites the meat of the man’s shoulder before shoving him away into the water. He pushes the woman behind him off as well before he paddles back to the shoreline for another drink.
“But he–he doesn’t want good things.”
He whips through the corridors, losing himself to the clean glide of the suit.
“Whatever you want, dearest.” Steve turns towards Tony and runs a hand through the other man’s soft black hair. Tony eyes him with a secretive grin, like he knows something Steve doesn’t. Which, Tony probably thinks that no one else knows how filthy Captain America can be, how depraved, and he would be right.
Steve hadn’t been awake in the ice, but he’d dreamed, and in dreaming he’d grown desperate to escape. When he awoke, he’d known instinctively that it had been some time since he’d been awake, but to be asleep for seventy years had blown him away. The imprisonment wasn’t SHIELD’s or the world’s fault, but it didn’t stop that ugly, selfish feeling that this time was his now. And if it belonged to him, he was going to find what he wanted, and take it.
“Fine, I suppose. I’ll go over the rules with you.”
“Come on dude, I have friends to get back to. Can we not do this?” Wolves aren’t supposed to attack people. He’s read that somewhere, he knows he has.
“I’ll leave you to it.”
“Steve, what is this? What the fuck are you doing?”
Steve is silent, immutable.
“Steve.” Tony slurs feebly.
Steve’s a god behind him now, pummeling his thoughts away with each thrust. The slick, whole-slide of his cock is vibrating the barriers of Tony’s sense of self, knocking on his body to open, open, open. He can hear his own breathy sighs as Steve sets a punishing pace. The squelch of his channel as Steve shoves himself in is obscene.
“Don’t. Don’t say it if you don’t mean it.” Tony shuffles his head just a little and gives Steve pleading eyes. Steve drives himself that much deeper into Tony as he comes again, and it’s sensation beyond what his body can contain.
It’s not forever, but if Steve has any regrets at all, it’s this moment.
“Tony?” The music is blaring loud, and he has to shout Tony’s name over it.
Bucky’s fingers pull out with a loud squelch of fluid, and Tony can hear Bucky suck each one clean.
It’s been a long time since he’s done confession, but he probably should. He needs advice, guidance that he knows a priest can give him. Ever determined, he gets up and heads towards the old style confessional booths that sit off to the side. The wood of it is dark and old, and deeply carved crosses rest on the sides. He pulls the door shut and sits down. He feels at ease here, and the memories of being a young boy telling the priest about the fights he’d gotten into rise to the surface.
The next time they wake up, Tony is crawling on top of Steve again.
“Are you always the one in the confession booth?” Steve asks.
He trudges off away from his guide and walks through the trees, which are mostly pine. He doesn’t even recognize any of it, though this is exactly where they had camped last time. He’ll never go dispersed camping again. Hell, he’s not even sure if he’ll camp ever again. Pepper hasn’t forgiven him, and he hasn’t forgiven himself.
“Then if that’s the case, I’m going to rut you like an animal.” Before he can blink, Steve is on him, arranging his body into lordosis, using his super strength to flip Tony right around and prop him ass-upward. Steve’s display makes his already full stomach swirl with anticipation, something like terror, and guilt. Steve wants to take it slow, to
“Lies. Bald faced lies. One, I can find someone else, and two, I did not pick you—” He needed to stop himself, to escape this. He wanted to rend the Captain to pieces. Push him into making throaty growls on the side of his neck, see what other noises he could wring out of this Alpha.
“Because you want me there.” Now is that a flirtatious glance that Cap is throwing his way? Quite possibly. Tony didn’t know the good Captain was even capable of flirting. Bantering, yes.
The wolf nips him on his ass and Tony cries out again, trying desperately to hold back, but finding it impossible.
Bucky
“Ok, fine. So the things that aren’t good about this situation right now, is, well, one of them is I’m drunk.”
He rubs his forehead, more pissed than if he’d just been plainly scammed.
“Want to ride you,” Tony mutters and shoves Steve down onto his back, clamoring over him to do as he pleases. Steve lets his body stretch out, loving the fight in Tony, the single-minded way he pursues his pleasure with Steve.
“You say that now, but the act of parting alphas from their money involves having a facade. You don’t like my game face. It’s what you saw in that file SHIELD gave you. That’s the Tony Stark you’ll be going with.”
“He was an idiot.” Rogers brows furrow, and he looks hurt in a way that encompasses more than the conversation. Like he wants to get along with Tony but doesn’t know how.
“How? I can’t believe I didn’t see, that I didn’t– know.” Steve had pinched his nose shut, trying to keep the pervasive scent out of his face. Tony didn’t blame him. An omega heat was designed to reduce alphas to bare instincts.
and it forces them to bare their bodies, their entire beings to one another. The heat from Steve’s skin is like an inferno, and Tony wants to burn up, to be ash in the air that Steve breathes in.
“You’ll tell me when you’re stressed next time, right Tony? I’d like to be there for you and do this for you.” Steve looks so sincere from what Tony can see through his sweaty bangs that are plastered to his forehead.
Tony. He liked fucking Tony, and long ago that would have been enough. He wants and loathes what he wants until it’s a tangled web of self-hatred that makes him want to snap, to come apart at the seams and not be put back together.
“That’s not looking so good.” Fury’s knowing smile hasn’t quite fallen off his face, but Tony doesn’t get the impression that the other man is particularly happy to note the black, corroding veins pushing up towards his head. Tony doesn’t want to think about how it says something that the people who noticed he was sick, beyond needing to go into heat, weren’t any of the people closest to him.
In the car, Sam drives with eagle-eyed precision in and out of New York traffic. After five minutes of silence, Sam slows to a stop at a red light and cocks his head toward Tony.
The blanket settles over Tony’s prone form as Steve gazes down at the omega. He wants badly to carry him to his bed, but Steve doesn’t think Tony would like being touched by him. He’s surprised at how much that stings. Tony should trust him, and one thing Steve can agree on with everyone is that it’s obvious Tony does not.
“So far tonight I think I’ve compromised quite a bit in your direction. Don’t you think?” Steve asks, running a hand through his hair. The ground he’s ceded is all a part of ensuring that Tony meets him in the middle, before moving towards the direction that Steve wants.
The taste of Tony swirls around in his mouth, and he opens wide to seek more of it as his lips tighten over Tony’s cock and he pulls his hips towards Steve’s face. He’s strong enough to lift Tony just in the slightest bit to get the angle right before he swallows him whole down to the root.
“Mm. Steve.” The breathless way Tony says his name hums down his throat where Steve is still holding him. God. Tony is so beautiful. Steve takes his other hand away from Tony’s ass and wraps it around him, covering, protecting. It’s instinct, he knows, to make sure Tony is safe. He takes his other hand away from Tony’s throat and threads those fingers through Tony’s wet hair on his forehead.
It’ll all be over soon. He’ll forget this whole mess, erase it from JARVIS’s servers,
“Yes Father.” He walks out of the garden and shakes the priest’s hand once more. He starts to walk away, but turns around and asks: “Father, who is this saint?”
When Tony, pale-faced and unconscious came trundling in on the emergency gurney, his heart almost stopped. A man of action, he turned to Bruce and started rolling up his sleeves.
“If we work together at all, I’m sure I will find new and less pleasant reasons to hate you. But I suppose that’s my fucking life now.”
, spiraling so very close before it lets loose in a torrent of groans and spend. Steve hauls Tony tight, his knot popping in over Tony’s quivering rim as Tony paints himself, stripes hitting his stomach and chest as his cock bobs and sways.
“You can go back to your room now. Sleep in the blankets and pillows you have so I have something for my nest tomorrow.” Tony isn’t looking at him, his eyes unfocused, pointed at the direction of some pillows.
“You really won’t stay?” Picking snarls out of her hair, his CEO, the other half of his life, sighed in a long suffering puff.
“I do insist. You think I can’t handle it?”
Steve hums, a pleased sound behind him. Tony registers that he must have said that out loud.
His pants start to rip and Tony makes a split second, instinctual decision to undo his belt and slip out of his pants. The fabric slides down, his boots being narrow enough to fit through the legs, with the wolf doing a good rendition of Tony’s bed time routine. Finally, he’s free of his pants, and he rolls over, hoisting himself up from the ground and makes to run again.
Inside looks like the plushest place that Steve has ever seen. There are example nests built everywhere, on top of platforms, and on the ground. There’s nest ‘bundles’ where you can buy everything at one price. Some of the nests are ostentatious, while others look homey. Steve is overwhelmed with choices, and he stands there, slack-jawed.
He wants to ask her more questions. To get to the root of all of this, but he finds himself stilled by respect for her, and also at a loss for words.
“Steve, please?” The request shudders through him, rolling up from his stomach to his throat with sweet desire, and before he can stop himself, he agrees to Tony’s request.
“You did.” Tony traces the seams of the new uniform they’ve given Steve. It has a star on it. Tony likes that.
“You would look so beautiful swollen with my children,” Steve says from out of nowhere, the realization crashing into him as he thrusts so deep and perfect that he can feel the engorged head of his cock as it hits bottom. Tony
stock market investments. He needs to take back everything he said to Tony in the beginning. Does Tony even know how much Steve wants him now? It’s all he thinks about.
“He’s my AI butler. I wasn’t going to introduce you because you’ve been a total asshole, but it seems like you’re losing a bit of that with all the efforts that SHIELD has been making.”
“Yeah?” The words are bare and vulnerable, wispy as they escape his mouth.
Bucky doesn’t keep them waiting, and as he enters the room he takes his cue from Steve, sitting on a separate couch, but not near Tony. Trust the Winter Soldier to have a good idea of when it’s not the time to be a boundary-pressing flirt. Not that it would have changed Tony’s decision.
“I’m sorry for spanking you. But I thought I was doing the right thing at the time to get you to be a proper omega. Now I see that there are different ways I could go about doing that. I need you to tell me if and when I’m crossing a line. Otherwise, I don’t know.” Steve watches Tony drop his fork to the plate, letting it clatter. Tony places both palms on his desk and dips his head down as if he’s steeling himself. He turns around.
But Bucky is right. He has to be, because there’s no way Tony would ever agree. And Steve supposes he should get Tony to be on board with this. Even if a designation change would be the most prudent choice for Tony.
“Caught you, babe,” Bucky purrs into his neck. Tony blinks up at Steve, who leans down and whispers, “sweetheart,” before lining kisses all along his jaw and down his neck.
“I was fourteen, in a school with mixed genders. Ty was older by a few years, and we used to makeout behind the football field shed. He gave me a few handjobs. Somehow my dad found out. Pulled me out of school and put me into an omega finishing school. I learned later that Ty was just angling to get into my house over the summer and steal research from my dad. That was the last time I was foolish with an alpha.”
“So uh. Glad you two solved that, but don’t think you’re getting off from a military-grade dressing down, Tony.” God damnit Rhodey. How like him to be in the most inopportune and humiliating moment of his life. Also, he thought that vanquishing his foes meant parades and spoils, not stern lectures from supposed friends.
“If you are an Omega, I’m yours, if you’ll have me,” he intones, letting the cadence of his sincerity wash over Tony.
“Even when we get home?” Just because Tony Stark has been missing for months, doesn’t mean that the journalists won’t trot out his latest mistakes as soon as the Avengers get back to earth. Steve would have to go through that, and no one wants to be associated with Tony Stark’s past.
As for Tony, he’s so beautiful when he’s filled with sorrow that Steve knows he’s going to draw that expression later. It’s heartfelt and pure, Tony’s crumbling face sluiced with pent-up desire.
It makes a pretty picture in his head when he imagines Steve pressed up against him, lips working at his neck. Finally Steve starts to shift, his large body spreading out more comfortably on top of Tony’s. Steve must not trust him yet, not that Tony disagrees. He responds by pressing his ass into Steve’s hardened cock, whining.
“Come on, sweet pea,” Tony hums over the coms. The Iron Captain has had a few upgrades recently. Steve wants to hide them, to not use them if at all possible, but after the events of a couple of weeks ago, when Black Hawk barely made it out alive, suit dripping in acid flung from a new, unnamed Kaiju, Tony was ready to deliver the goods.
“Ok, let me clarify. Is what he’s doing causing him physical harm?”
The doctors stay for several hours, and finally, one of the medical team comes out and stands there waiting for Steve. The beta has a pinched frown on her face.
“You taste so good. Perfect Omega, going to take care of you.” Steve whispers against his neck. Tony has never been so thrilled to be called Omega in his life. It would be lovely to hate it, to despise that Steve is here only because he needs to save Tony, to preserve the balance of the Avengers, and the world. He wasn’t entirely full of himself, but he understood that a Tony Stark sized hole would be impossible to fill. So maybe he was the person Black Widow said he was.
. Steve says.
“Edith is one. As you probably guessed. But the other two are Brenna and Colleen. I knew them, back when I lived in Brooklyn Heights. Brenna… died of a suicide and Colleen was institutionalized several times. They were so brave, and I never knew.”
Tony makes adorable, sensuous little noises: little mewls, low moans, high-pitched little cries. Tony is taking Steve
“Ride me then. Show your alpha how good you are,” Steve says, curving his arms back to rest under his head and watching Tony with hooded eyes. Tony sits up, hands pressed against Steve’s stomach, as proud as though lit from the inside, expanding and bright with triumph. Steve knows that Tony’s hole is fucked open, waiting for his cock, and Tony obliges, sliding down him sharper than a blade.
Tony had caught his attention from the get-go in the Helicarrier. The Omega had a scent like a crisp dawn interspersed with the tang of hot metal and an underlying muskiness that Steve had wanted to suck down at the source. From then on, he would taste the air for Tony’s outrage, his excitement, his fear.
He creeps back from his room to the workshop and doesn’t let anyone in while he’s there. He doesn’t know what to do, what to say. He feels like everyone can see it on him, what he’s done with Bucky and Steve. It’s occurred to him now, only recently, that the silence between Bucky and Steve might have something to do with what’s happening between Tony and the two men. Maybe that’s arrogant, or premature to think, but he’s not left with many clues to where he can confirm either way.
Maybe not in a year, or ten years, but no army like this stays contained. This is Napoleon, Genghis Khan. Every army that’s ever been created solely for the purpose of conquering. They won’t stop. He knows that.
He knows, in his heart, he did nothing to encourage Rogers to harass him like that, and that Rogers himself didn’t know what he did was wrong, but god does it ever chafe, and he doesn’t want to be expected to forgive the man later. Forget, maybe.
Almost as if he’s a mind reader, Steve rubs his hand over Tony’s belly, smearing cum under his hand as he caresses the skin there.
“Yes, it was good.” Tony’s tongue is thick, his mouth dry from drooling and moaning. At his acknowledgement, he feels a tug on his hair lazily pulling his head to the side and away from the bed, giving Steve the leverage he needs to lean over once more and kiss him. Steve’s soft lips crash into his, pressing his mouth open for hot, lapping kisses. Steve’s cock spasms again in tandem, and Tony can feel that this time, a little leaks out as Steve’s knot is no longer as tight as it was when he first came. And Steve, in rapturous possessiveness, reaches down to scoop what cum has left Tony’s ass, and proceeds to rub it on Tony’s glands as he continues latching onto his mouth.
Tony.
Steve wants.
Steve shucks his boxers, his cock stabbing straight forward, eager. The kiss has lit parts of him aflame and left him feeling like molten gold.
It’s not about switching sides. Steve doesn’t even think there are sides anymore. It’s about what’s familiar.
He wishes Natasha were here. They work well in counterpoint to one another, gathering information and tech that will possibly bring them all back to earth sooner rather than later. This is the kind of situation where Tony thought they would have been out of here months ago, but as time drifted by, things got more desperate than stable. Now Natasha hires herself out as a mercenary, along with Clint, Steve, and the Hulk. It’s more important that they earn money to afford tech for the spaceship they’re rehabbing than do this task. No, tech and trading for tech is Tony’s purview, and there’s one single way he’s found that works best to loosen lips on where the best stuff is found and how to make it cheaper: prostitution.
As for Nat, she always knows what he’s thinking, but in this case, she doesn’t seem perturbed by it at all. It makes him irrational, angry, and he steps forward into her space, threatening.
“I don’t know. It feels like you’re on the open seas to me.” Tony rolls his hips, a thick squelch and the scent of Tony wafting up from in between their legs.
Tony knows all the things people say about how relationships are supposed to be based on mutual respect and liking the other person. That even if it’s just a hookup, you should be considerate to the other person’s feelings. The thing is, Tony can’t tell Steve how he feels. He just can’t. And that’s disrespecting a man who is offering to do him
“You know, I put an awful lot into not offending people, considering how bored I am,” he mumbles back at Bruce. “Fine! Just meet me at the tower when you’re done with your spiritual journey to find yourself!” Because what else is Steve doing? Zen and the Art of Motorcycle maintenance? Oh god, what if he has a split personality and that’s why he’s being nice? No way to tell.
“For me?” Tony asks, breathless.
“Tony refuses to learn how to cook. And I shouldn’t have let him starve to make a point, that was wrong. Though I didn’t realize that’s what was happening.”
Of course he’s the only one that’s done the homework here, and knows how Loki is going to heat the cube up until it makes like a volcano and kills a lot of people.
Steve now suckles at Tony’s softening cock, seemingly content to let it roll on his tongue, seeking out the ridge of his head and the slit at the top. He’s licking the heat away, which sits in the peripheral of Tony’s consciousness, waiting for the next wave to ride in and seize him up in feral need. The only thing—the only thing keeping it back is the obscene suction of Steve’s lips and mouth. It hollows him out, sends everything that’s left of him down to a single point of contact. His worse nature being pulled in, lulled, and placated. Tony hates that this is the only time he can think, and even still, his face scrunched in pleasure, tears at the corners of his eyes as he cries and whines for Steve.
“Always such a good boy. Must be why SHIELD likes you so much. Maybe they’re the ones I should be thanking for sending you my way. If only they knew what you got up to while you’re captured by Iron Man.” The gauntlet is soft on his head as it strokes his hair, the clicking of the fingers together pulling at the strands ever so slightly.
“Hmm, no. I’d like to be alone now. Go do whatever it is you do during the day.”
Instead, the reverberation through the forest knocks down several trees and tumbles Tony a little closer to Cap. Muscle-man looks properly stunned.
“Yes Father. I have sinned. I laid hands on my husband. I didn’t mean to, I thought, I thought I was doing the right thing by spanking him. It’s been hard adjusting to how everything has changed so much. Omegas are just not like I thought. And I don’t know how to come back from this, this thing I’ve done.”
“Stay with me,” Tony asks.
Instead, the wolf starts to
But, it’s Bucky.
He’s been discarded like a bad dream, shed like a snake’s skin from Tony’s life. In the end he is left with the things that he has done.
“Stark so help me, one more crack—” Hell, ignoring Cap seems to work even better than giving him the time of day.
Carefully, Steve reaches between Tony’s legs, his fingers trailing between plush thighs to reach Tony’s entrance. He finds it, hot, wet, and grasping at Steve’s fingers, the taut rim of his ass trying to suck Steve in already.
“Ah, I’d like to see that then. Someday.” Tony’s smile curls, and watching the fine dusky pink of his lips twitch makes Steve think about what it would be like to see Tony on his knees in front of Steve, mouth stuffed full of cock, smirking and enticing with his eyes and sweet mouth.
“I want everything, and what’s left after that too. That’s all mine. I should probably cut you loose, but I just can’t bring myself to do it.” Tony’s eyes are dangerously bright, piercing through layers of Steve’s confidence. He has no choice, whatsoever, he realizes. He belongs to Tony. He’s come so far from not wanting this, to needing it with every fiber of his being, to becoming something that subsists on giving Tony what he needs and wants. Tony’s confession makes him shudder with fear at being cast aside, but deep down, he’s alight with hope.
The trees stand in stark contrasted light, and he gazes outward into the forest with longing. He should run. He should absolutely run.
That’s why he needs to put a stop to this. For Bucky’s sake, at least. Tony isn’t what Bucky thinks; he’s not a good partner. Further, Bucky is going to be disappointed in him inevitably. Bucky deserves someone who can make him laugh, who can support him as he reintegrates into society. That’s not Tony. What Tony does is wear a mask, and Bucky deserves better than what’s behind the veil.
“And I can see that by exactly zero indicators on your face.” Tony doesn’t look up from his phone as he mumbles, but he knows that Steve heard and he knows the face Steve is making. Plump lips forced into a line that looks cut across his face, eyes stony with flecks of grey, and his brows furrowed. Tony doesn’t ever stare; gaze too long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you.
“I thought about it. But it didn’t seem like it was worth arguing the point with you.”
“But you have a mating mark, it’s… hasn’t he shown you how to, you know, with his gland?”
“No one has ever diminished you, have they? They’ve tried. I tried. But nothing makes you shine less than you do.”
“Ok. We can bathe.”
When Tony pulls away, slowly, eyes wide and his mouth wet and puffy, he isn’t quite wrecked, but he looks ready to fall over the edge into it.
The intimacy of it makes Steve beat a retreat. He can’t look into the mirror of his own making and wait patiently for his love to be reflected back. It’s easier to run, to back away from the moment to come. The air feels heavy with his own anticipation, and he feels no sense of self-restraint when he’s around Tony. Waiting an hour in his Omega’s presence will be agony.
His brain produces a split-second image of Tony pinned underneath him, a hand at Tony’s neck and one at his hips— he shakes his head, wanting it out even as his mind continues to explore what that would be like.
“You hear that Rogers. We don’t need you. We’ll never need you.” There’s an echo of Tony in Clint’s words and it stings in the same way. What type of omega doesn’t need an alpha? He wonders if omegas in this day and age have suddenly become undomesticated. That’s impossible, but of the three omegas he’s seen so far, including the girl on the train, all have been filled with what amounts to pep and vinegar.
His wings fluttered innocently.
“We already knew who Iron Man is.” Natalie attempted to insert herself again. And if that little bit wasn’t being uploaded to a satellite and stored away in some expansive server room somewhere, Tony would eat his helmet.
“JARVIS, clear the way to Tony’s room,” he says over Tony’s moaning in his arms.
Steve’s massage lingers in the recesses of his mind, faint traces of his touch sleek along the walls of it. He shouldn’t have let Steve touch him. Their friendship is too important. But he has to admit he loved it—loved the idea of Steve’s hands on his flesh, pushing in, inside him, to where Tony has no defenses against his hero, his ultimate love, Steve Rogers.
“Did you get that suit tailored Captain, or did they paint it onto you?” He interrupts.
“I’ve been worse.” Now, he knew they weren’t really alone, but hearing the footsteps behind him put him on edge.
Tony with a violent slant that Steve didn’t know was inside him. Tony keens, stuffed as full as Steve can manage, fuller even than the first time Steve took him. His cock pumps and pumps away at Tony, sluicing his hot channel with so much come, Steve is all but swimming in it. He falls forward onto Tony, his sweat-slick chest pressing onto Tony’s equally sweat-streaked back, and it’s like gliding down a long slide, slipping into deep water.
“Tony, I need you to say yes for me. I know you don’t want this, but I want to help you. I can help you and I’ll– be kind. I promise.”
They’ll be back.
“This is a domestic violence shelter for omegas. They have special visiting days for alphas, but you’ll need to make yourself as non-threatening as possible. A lot of omegas here have been hurt by their alphas, and some don’t feel comfortable around alphas. The omegas you meet today are willing to share their stories. Do you understand?” Steve curls his shoulders inward, preparing to make himself smaller.
“Tony?”
Maria Hill rockets down from the Helicarrier, and along with her, Captain America. The fancy Captain America now, all fixed, shiny and new. Tony is
“I support this decision.” Clint doesn’t lower his arrow that’s aimed straight at Loki’s face, while Natasha rolls her eyes.
“We don’t hold people down in seizures anymore, let him ride it out.”
“We can have whatever contracts you want drawn up Tony. I’m willing to negotiate. We just need to get it stable.” The wheedling is covered with a veneer of slimy salesmanship.
Tony hunches forward, spent, and Steve grasps at Tony’s shoulders to hold the omega up just enough to keep him from crashing down completely.
. And Tony, Tony
“Then I have even less sympathy.” Tony turns back to his desk.
The door opened, and an Alpha stepped through.
“Iron Man, you know that’s a one-way trip.” Rogers is on the line, confident in Tony, the man he doesn’t know is behind the mask. He doesn’t answer.
Bucky steps forward, resting his forehead against Tony’s and placing a hand on the back of Tony’s head. His voice is just louder than a whisper. “Take care of him, okay?”
is not.
“I never intended—”
He’s got all his ducks in a row now, and the Andorian nods, so Tony opens the door to the room, leading them inside.
He makes his way upstairs and looks for Father Jacobs. It’s made easy for him by the fact that the Father is still in the sacristy tidying up.
“Tony.” The voice is in his head as much as it’s said aloud. Tony grips his skull with digging fingers.
“I thought the beast had wandered off.”
After undressing to the level he was comfortable with, which was only sock and belt removal, he built a tentative nest on the bed. Fluffed pillows, several blankets and a few snacks tucked underneath. He didn’t want to invest too much into it; it’s not like he gave a shit about what the Alpha would think. But it was necessary for a sense of calm once an Alpha was available and triggered the rest of his heat.
“So perfect, love you. Tony!” He whites out as the spasms hit, and he curls over Tony, pumping more and more of himself into his omega. He doesn’t realize he’s said the words back to Tony for at least thirty seconds, and the world drops out from under him. He looks down then, at Tony, unsure of where he stands, but Tony is still somewhere else, lost in another clenching orgasm of his own. So Steve just studies his face as his mouth opens and closes, and his eyes tense shut. It’s hell, waiting for Tony to come back to him, to reality where Tony didn’t just say that he’s always loved Steve.
As he watches Tony shovel in the food, he thinks of what else he’s going to do in regards to Tony’s life. The man goes to altogether too many parties and events. That needs to change. Tony doesn’t need to be seen everywhere and anywhere. He’s an omega. His company will understand.
“Four thousand Kree credits, and a piece of this.” He gestures at himself with a sly smirk. The Andorian blinks, one of his antennae tilting forward towards Tony.
The dishes are put away and the counter is clean by the time he’s done circling the wagons of his thoughts.
“I don’t think it does Tony.” Bruce awkwardly chuckles.
By now, Tony is bowed down, his stomach pressed to his knees, and his face so close to Steve’s. Steve thrusts harder, deeper, and then leans all the way down over Tony’s back to capture Tony’s groaning mouth into a ferocious kiss. Their teeth clack as Steve stutters, gracelessly pushing into Tony, once, twice, desperate for his own completion.
Tony looks like he wants to argue. His lips are pinched in a thin line and he opens and closes his mouth a few times.
“Don’t you dare leave! You can’t leave me like this in here!” Tony was almost screaming, the rage palpable to everyone. The door vibrated with the impact of Tony’s fists slamming against it, each bang making Steve flinch.
“Ouch, fuck!”
Tony stands up, tossing his chair behind him and letting it clatter uselessly to the ground. He slams his hands on the desk in front of him, bouncing Fury’s elbows and knickknacks.
Steve stares across the couch and the bar at Tony. The man isn’t a shadow of what he once was, but his priorities are woefully misaligned. Steve is here to fix that. Steve is here to fix everything. Because otherwise? What a waste.
“Hmm, when did you start wanting me then?”
God. Steve wants Tony to be in
Steve follows Tony in as Tony flops back down on the bed. The jolt does
“Aww, shucks, Carol, I think that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me since you cut me off at your wedding.”
. There is nothing and everything that gives any indication of what could happen.
Steve doesn’t, can’t want Tony. He’s never wanted Tony. Even if the burn inside his body says otherwise.
When Steve finally arrives, he doesn’t quite slot into place in the same way everyone else had. There’s a distance about him, some invisible wall that separates him from the rest of the Avengers. Most of the time he can be found in the gym, punching away at a sandbag.
“You’ve been such a good boy. And as your Captain, I’d like to reward that.” Tony’s face lights up and he rolls off the bed, scampering over to a cabinet before pulling out a bottle of lubricant and heading back to the bed, bouncing as he tosses himself back into position.
“Finally! We have twenty to get you presentable.” Pepper bounces off the bed, carrying a suit. Tony shrugs out of the robe and opens his arms wide as if to hug Pepper.
“That’s good then. Do that. Remember what I said. Whatever he needs that’s not physically harmful is what’s best. Let him decide for himself what he wants to do.”
“So what is it that I won’t be getting the privilege of, Cap? Since you seem to think everything you do is by god’s command himself.” A little snarkiness he can ignore. Things will start in earnest when they get home. Routine and structure will cure Tony of these urges to sass and otherwise cause trouble.
“Steve!” The cry is torn from his throat, useless and muted by the groans of the jaeger and the Kaiju.
The music changes over the speakers, Dean Martin crooning out a simple song, and Tony places tentative hands over both of his bots, his heart full as they settle like faithful dogs next to his side. He’s lucky he has them, that he has this life now. His eyes fall shut and Steve’s visage appears, a hand extended toward Tony, the Avengers behind him watching Tony with fondness. His fingers glide over the smooth metal along his bots’ bodies, and his cheeks begin to hurt at the force of Tony’s smile.
Even he has some pride, however. He won’t sleep with his teammates and screw anything up.
After all, Steve owns Tony too.
He doesn’t make it very far as he’s tackled, this time the wolf’s paws hard on his back while he freezes, feeling a whiff of hot air on his neck.
“Oh-kay. What does that have to do with you? He’s an Avenger, and I watched the two of you on the battlefield. It seems like you get along.”
When he gets there, he has a moment where he tries to keep the lie. But it doesn’t stick, and his self-control evaporates as he shucks off his pants and boxers, lays on his bed, and takes a firm grip around his shaft.
“Well, performance issues, it’s not uncommon. One out of five—” That’s all he gets out before he’s again blasted away, this time into the wall with energy from Loki’s staff. Pieces of drywall crumble around him and a painting drops onto his head before clattering to the floor. All he can think is that Pepper is going to be furious.
“In the parking garage.”
Bratty heats where Steve manhandled him to the bed, told him where to put his body so he could be of use to Steve, where Steve growled when anyone passed their door, and if he thought there was an actual threat, Tony would be unceremoniously shoved behind Steve. It’s not that Tony can’t himself defend them. He’s Iron Man. But it’s Steve’s job. Steve has claimed the right, and Tony finds it a marvel every time Steve steps up to existent and non-existent threats for Tony.
But Fury isn’t wrong about existential threats. Or at least, he isn’t as delusional as he usually is about them. Tony had read over what had happened in New Mexico and can see how SHIELD would have liked to have been in more control. However, making world-ending weapons is like deciding to burn down someone’s house because they kicked you in the shins. Nuclear deterrents don’t work how people want them to, especially if said aliens decide they aren’t at all adverse to loss of human life.
“Ok Tony, I’ll see you later.” Steve strides out of the lab with a broad smile on his face and the refreshing determination of once more having a purpose.
The suit twirls through the air as each repulsor blast hits its target, all while dodging blue balls of energy and the flowing crowd of more soldiers. He’s not enough, and as more pour through, one finally clips the suit.
“Kiss me,” Tony whispers again, and Steve surges up to meet him, taking Tony’s mouth in a sweet kiss, pressing his tongue inside with a tenderness that he’s never felt before. He brings his hand up, gentle and warm on the side of Tony’s neck, and he can feel Tony’s pulse throbbing under it. It makes his own race, and Steve rubs at it, against his neck, trying to keep a rhythm with it. He kisses Tony again and again, lapping up every press of the other man’s lips. They’re warm, soft, and tremulous like the wings of a moth.
Tony’s body is wound up like a spring ready to burst into motion. Steve has to ride it out, match the frantic need of Tony’s heat that’s burning under his skin. Tony’s nipples are straining, little points through the fabric of his shirt, and his cock is slapped flat to his stomach, almost an angry red. Steve pulls his eyes back up to Tony, and the omega’s face is ravenous and hungry with desire.
“You forgive me?” Steve feels a stirring of hope.
Steve was that he knew Tony so well.
Steve is relentless on Tony’s lips, as sweet as a reprieve. Their kiss is hot, and delicious, a push-pull that he’s never experienced. Tony’s arms come up to rest his elbows over Steve’s shoulders, and he feels Tony gently hold him, crossing his arms behind Steve’s neck. Steve takes his hands, leaving Tony’s face, and drags them down to Tony’s ribs, feeling Tony shudder as he does so.
to play it, of course, to demonstrate, and Steve had become somewhat fond of the soundtrack, downloading parts of it to the Starkpod that Tony had given him.
“Need you, Steve.” He purred, pitching his voice into a slight whine.
“Brenna, Colleen, and another woman who got out. Edith. It didn’t feel right looking her up.”
“You know you could still—”
“You just
The studies were limited by the very fact that there were so few Omegas, that Tony didn’t know if his personality was subtly projecting his designation.
“Hi, sweetheart. Killian was just leaving.” Killian gets up and siddles alongside his chair over to Steve, ignoring Tony’s dismissal.
“We’re not finished yet,” Thor reminds them. And yeah, there’s still Hellboy up there to contend with. In Tony’s freaking tower, if he hasn’t escaped yet. Though where Loki would go is beyond him. His army is gone, Thor is here, and he certainly can’t go back to dear old dad.
There’s the roar of blood in his ears as everything
This time it’s Tony on his knees, like he said he would never do for Steve. In his mind, Tony is at the foot of his bed, knees on the plush carpet there with his open mouth waiting. Those doe-brown eyes are heavy with intent and flash out from under his lashes. Steve takes the offering, cupping Tony’s jaw to bring him closer and feed him Steve’s cock. The Tony in his mind moans when his tongue touches precum, and Tony then takes Steve about halfway in, sucking needily at the tip of Steve’s cock.
They grapple as Tony tries to stay out of range of Steve’s indomitable strength. Cap takes repulsor blasts that send him to his knees.
“What can I do?” Steve asks.
Steve, apparently having learned some lessons about contradicting Tony, remains silent.
Tony knew that the places he went and the people he often saw were beautiful, or considered so. Sweeping arches with soft frescos covered the vaulted ceiling of the event hall. He found it less charming than the sleek and modern designs he came up with, but respected that art was a form of power. It was why he had Pepper decorate the walls of the tower exclusively.
“I can’t cook, I won’t stop working, I don’t sleep, I refuse to listen to you. I’m bad. I’m so
“Yeah, Omega with a suit of armor he can’t even pilot.” It’s like a punch to the chest, the fact that he can’t openly be Iron Man. That he won’t. His eyes flick to Fury and Natasha, who keep their faces closed. Good. Tony is never going to show how he feels about what Cap has said on his face. Nope, he’s going to bury those feelings as deep as he can. Scrunch them into a little ball and just—grow a couple of ulcers to mark the spot, but otherwise, insult the man back and pretend it’s all fine.
“This is the outdoors Tony. It’s real, you’re here, and you should try to enjoy it,” Rhodey says with exasperation. Pepper follows it up with a smile and a swig of some dubiously flavored liquor in a flask.
“Sorry, if you’ll excuse us.”
Instead, he goes to bed, thinking about how he’s going to talk to Nat tomorrow. He’s found the three omegas per his homework. Brenna, Colleen, and Edith.
Tony gasps as the knot expands, his whole world narrowing onto that single point of contact that constricts his prostate all at once, extending his already drawn-out orgasm into something mind-warping. Bucky is grunting, twisting his hips into little circles as he pulses stream after stream into Tony’s greedy ass.
He’s going to give Tony his first knot. He can’t wait for him to cry.
Days go by and Clint is still unresponsive to stimuli. But his wounds are healing slowly, the swelling retreating back into his skin.
“What the hell!” Blinking, Tony swallows and twitches, looking around at the Avengers team and the devastation of the city. Buildings are still on fire and everyone is covered in soot, but as far as he knows, the team is intact.
“If you fight me, sweetness, this will hurt. And I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Tomorrow. I promise.” Tony clutches at the vow, pulling it tight to his chest where it gnaws at him.
Tony immediately pulls off, stops, and grabs his hands.
“You have no idea what you're dealing with.” If Tony wasn’t so freaking irritated from having to capture Loki yet again, he wouldn’t taunt the man in front of him. But he’s never been one for self-preservation anyway.
“Yeah, yeah I think I will. What’s the point of hiding it anymore?” Steve’s brows are furrowed, and there’s raw hunger in his eyes. Tony knows what it looks like because he sees it in the mirror every time he thinks of Steve. It looks ugly on Tony, and on Steve, it’s like the beauty of a predator. He half thinks that Steve wants something other than to end him.
“I heard it.”
His pants and underwear feel rough over his length, but it’s oh so good to have someone, anyone, especially Steve, touch him at all. As it stands, he’s about halfway ready to orgasm off of the bare minimum of what Steve is doing. And Steve, oh, fucking Steve, he’s drawing the fine bones of his fingers in a slight curve over the ridge of Tony’s cock, feeling every little contour up like the man wants to commit it to memory.
“I’ve never needed your help, Ty. You really think poaching Captain America’s omega is the brightest idea you’ve had?”
“You do that. And don’t add your scent to any of my options, because I definitely can’t see myself banging the human equivalent of a conspiracy theory. So third, you know what I want. Don’t hold out on me.” At that, Fury’s conceited smile curled into amusement.
“Do I think he’s hiding something? Look, understanding Fury-speak is a gift that I have. A useless, useless gift. I just presume he’s always not telling the full truth and I’m always right. So yes, there’s something else.” If Fury had secondary, or even tertiary motivations that the two of them meeting was good for the Captain, he was sorely mistaken. It was on like Donkey Kong now.
“I love you too, Tony.” It’s the only truth he’s ever going to need.
For once at a bad time, his Avengers alarm goes off.
“And you’re all about style, aren’t you?” Well yeah, I mean he’d never be caught dead in the getup they’ve thrown Rogers in. His Iron Man suit is unparalleled fashion.
“You’re right. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that. I thought I was protecting you, but you don’t need protection. I just—the way he was talking to you. I couldn’t stand it. And I know I shouldn’t have done what I did. I should have just left it.” He doesn’t say what he really wants to ask, which is whether Ty has had Tony or not. If Ty has been where he’s going to be in a day or less. The heat scent is light on Tony, but still detectable to others. Ty knew that Tony was going into heat and that thought galls him.
His plan of attack involves delicate touches to the arms and shoulders, his fingers drifting closer to where Tony’s glands are. The first pill shouldn’t be immediately noticeable to Tony, but Steve will see the results when he caresses him. These will be light, tender, and quick movements. Nothing lingering. Only grounding.
“It can’t be any worse than it is right now. You are out of control. It would be pure evil to leave you to continue with your own devices when you can be so readily turned to better things. Don’t you have a company to nurture? What about what your friends think of your actions? Have you even thought about having children at some point?” Steve asks. Omegas love children. Maybe Steve hadn’t, but that was just further proof that he was never meant to remain an omega. But Tony, Tony still had an opportunity to bear children after he was brought into line and remarried to another alpha who would take care of him.
“What made you decide to stay being an Alpha?” His words were rushed, spilling as if he couldn’t get them out fast enough. Once they’re in the air, Steve wants to dissociate from them; he can’t own them. He considers running away now without waiting for the answer, but Bucky has stopped his movements and has set his piercing dark-blue eyes onto Steve.
“—but I always—” It’s dizzying, getting hit repeatedly. He wants so badly to go to his knees, let Steve take the rest out on him, to give him what he deserves for not being able to control himself. He knows Barnes isn’t truly guilty, he just doesn’t care anymore. Deep down, the greater insult is that Steve has chosen someone else over him. After everything they’ve been through, Tony means next to nothing. He broke the Accords to go help Steve, for nothing.
“But then I wouldn’t have a reason to come visit, now would I?” Bucky smells like metal and something masculine, rough around the edges but with a slight musk to it. Tony knows because Bucky has been getting close—physically close—when it comes to the arm, and Tony doesn’t want to tell the man to back off. So sue him. Bucky is a damn fine alpha, and Tony is a single omega.
The doors open to the room and there’s Tony, hunched over equipment that has streams of wires hanging from it. He’s filthy, jeans slung low on his hips, his boxers peeking out the front and back of his pants, soldering iron in his hands. There wasn’t much to say about the tank top he had on, because at this point it was mostly grimed from working in the bowels of some machinery. Tony keeps spare shirts on hand like he did terry cloth, but he so rarely changes into them. It warms Steve to think that sometime soon, he’ll be peeling those off of Tony, bathing him, and tucking him into Steve’s bed.
“Excuse me, what? No, no, no. You own nothing. After this is done, I wipe your servers and burn those papers. This isn’t my first rodeo on privacy, thank you very much.” The fuck they thought? The last time he’d had private information sold about him, was when he’d been seventeen. He’d given an interview without Howard’s permission, and yes, he’d paid for it on both ends, but at the time it had felt like a win against Howard’s iron grip.
“I don’t know, omegas are getting better care from alphas?”
“I ate from the same groceries. If what I did with them was more edible than what Tony chose to do with them, that’s not my fault.”
“Let me feed you?”
“Yeah? And where was I when our fucking leader kidnapped him and forced a bond onto him?”
Tony quivered. There was one solution that the omega inside him absolutely loved for an idea. But the other side, Tony’s alpha side, screamed in protest. Tony shivered at the thought of Cap forcing the issue, forcing him down and bowing his back–
Steve sucks in a harsh breath but doesn’t pause his ministrations, and Tony lets out a low moan when Steve gets at the stubbornly tense tissue in his right shoulder. Steve’s hands roam south, rubbing the base of his spine and pressing down above his glutes. Tony should feel some sense of shame, but he doesn’t care, because he hasn’t been touched like this in so long—and if this is all he gets of Steve, he’ll take it.
Tony falters, and Steve thinks that maybe the fact that Tony could go into heat disturbs him. Steve should leave before a negative emotion latches itself onto Steve’s presence. The last thing he wants is for Tony to associate the fear of becoming Omega with Steve. Because if Tony even attempts to pick another Alpha besides Steve, he may lose his cool and challenge someone to a dominance fight. Tony is his now. These three practically blissful weeks of taking care of Tony’s needs have shown that. The path in front of him burns brighter than ever with rightness and impending satisfaction.
“Let’s take the Roadster.”
No, what he locks in on is Sunset Bain sashaying her way over to him in an inexorable circle. His hand tightens and tightens on his drink until it’s slippery with nervous sweat and condensation.
“Steve, I’m sorry. I’m—I—I have no excuse. Really. That was—”
“Shut it down Dr. Selvig.” Tony looks into Selvig’s bloodshot and blue eyes, and sees both a scientist excited for the possibilities and a terrified human hiding just underneath that. Powers of the sceptre aside, Tony thinks that it’s possible Selvig could be of some help, but he doesn’t have time to find out.
“Ahh! Please, please let me go.” The wolf holds tight and pulls at his shoulder with his teeth, causing Tony to release another sob of pain. Adrenaline is keeping him from feeling most of the discomfort, but it
“Lie.” Tony presses his hips forward and bumps at Steve’s waist, where his hardness is now surely squeezed against his pants.
The morning after, Steve mounts Tony in the bed, taking where he had been giving the night previous. When Steve comes in thick ropes over Tony’s chest, he drags his fingers through it, painting the gland on Tony’s neck, and the ones on his wrists. It’s a traditional alpha behavior, but Steve has always been insistent on it between them, and Tony always wears his scent proudly.
Before he was a pilot for the jaeger program, he was an engineer. This is laughably easy to break into and break down.
Thor whips Tony around, beefy hands indomitably strong on Tony’s shoulders.
“But how would that be what’s best for him? I don’t understand.”
“So while you were starving your husband, did you eat off of his dime? I mean, I just want to know if you’re like every other asshole who tries to take advantage of Stark.”
“So was I.”
He’s at a loss. It’s possible Tony is reeling from the idea of being an Omega, but he thought they had a trust. That Tony would come to him if it got overwhelming. Steve doesn’t know if Tony has taken the stabilizers now, or if he’s researching his condition further. Steve doesn’t know anything, and it’s killing him inside.
“I’m sure, let me do this for you.” And that confirms it. Tony feels simultaneously blindingly happy and anguished at the thought that this is all it is.
While technically, when Steve had been in the ice, Anthony and he weren’t married, and Anthony could do as he pleased. The omega had been linked to a string of betas and other omegas, along with a token alpha or two. It was scandalous. In Steve’s day, omegas were married off young, like they should be to curb their appetites. Instead, Tony was allowed to fool around with whomever he saw fit.
“Language, sweetheart, or I’ll fuck that filthy mouth of yours into submission.”
“So, you think he’s hiding something?” Duh.
“Escort Tony Stark to his quarters and initiate code yellow lockdown.”
“First off, I’m not touching anything related to me being a proper omega. Fuck no. Second, how is it me, the victim here, that has to inform you, the abuser, what he’s done wrong and when he’s done it? You should know. I shouldn’t have to tell you. And honestly? You’re crossing the goddamn line right now. Your apology is shit. It’s ‘I’m sorry,’ full stop. Not ‘I’m sorry, but,’ or ‘I’m sorry, however,’ and not even ‘I’m sorry, although.’ It’s just that you’re sorry. That you shouldn’t have done it. That you were thinking this other thing, but it was wrong. That you won’t do it again. And the question that if there’s anything you can do to make it better, along with the commitment that you will do that thing. That’s what an apology looks like Steve. Learn it.”
Now is the time. He’s taut as a bow-string, incapable of thinking of anything else other than Tony, Tony, Tony.
Her husband also raped her. He waited until she was in the throes of heat and he took advantage. In the same way that Steve would be taking advantage of Tony. He feels so sick to his stomach.
“From now on to always.” It’s instinctive, his pushing forward to lock lips with Tony, and Tony welcomes him with parted mouth and hot breath pushing life into Steve’s spoken commitment to their future.
“Remind me how you made your fortune again, Stark?” Nick accuses.
“I think the only thing that matters at this point is whether you tell him or not.” He’s not afraid if they do. At this point, Tony would understand why Steve did it. Eventually, Tony will forgive him, because that’s just how his nature is. He’s always been very Omega when it comes to his generosity.
Steve all but lunges for the bed after tossing his suit jacket aside, sidling up to where Tony is and plopping down next to his omega. He wants to hold him, to open his arms, and let Tony sink into them, but he waits for permission.
“You make these promises, but I’m not sure I should believe them. I’m better than ‘good enough.’ I am better than ‘try.’ I deserve good things. And you have been the furthest from good. I want you to leave.”
There’s a rustle of leaves in front of him from a bush, and he freezes, instinct nailing him to the spot. The bush shakes again, and a little furred, brown face pops out of the middle. It takes him a second to calibrate what kind of animal it is.
“I think you should give him a chance, Tony. I really do.”
“No! No, you don’t just get to—” Tony can feel his heart beat roaring in his ears. There’s the woosh of blood flow that he can feel from being so tense, and he’s thankful it’s drowning out Bucky’s responses.
Tony’s eyes blink open, fluttering, and refocus on Steve. They look panicked, scared, and Steve takes a shuddering breath.
Tony turns his head to the side and pries his eyes open with sheer willpower, looking to Steve to see. Steve looks wrecked, his hair twisted up into the air from his hands running through it and a red-bitten pair of lips with bright rouged cheeks. It makes Tony warm all over that even Steve is into it, even if it’s just a favor he’s doing Tony. Maybe he’ll let Tony get on his knees.
“My AI has been running it since I met you. In a few hours, we’ll know all about SHIELD and their mother. Every filthy little secret.” He should have done this sooner. SHIELD hasn’t been exactly copacetic with their information even before the loss of the Tesseract. Fury is holding Tony’s heat above his head, doing nothing to make the situation more at ease or offering him information on how the situation is to proceed. And that bullshit with trying to make him a consultant is part and parcel of it. If Fury hadn’t had anything on him, Tony would still be a consultant. He’s only repaying the favor.
“Maybe he doesn’t. But God loves sinners as much as those who don’t sin. Who are you to say that God can’t love Tony Stark? Even if he burns water.”
“Looks like you got quite the haul. A nesting pad? Interesting. I’ve never made a nest before, but this looks good. Oh, and uh, I’ll need some things scented by you, if you wouldn’t mind sleeping with a blanket and some pillows from here.”
Steve will get there, to Tony’s core. He has to. There is nothing else that matters now. No other wars than this one.
“Steve, please, Steve—” It’s lost in whimpers and softer pleas. Steve doesn’t stop otherwise. He works Tony over like a recalcitrant animal that needs training. Each suck is like a lash, and every motion of Steve’s mouth has Tony heeling to Steve’s desires. It’s brutal in its pleasure, how
“I never made you do anything, Steve.” Tony now crawls out from under Steve, yanking his pants up and covering his exposed ass away from Steve. It fucking hurts something awful, and as he turns around he can see Steve’s hanging cock, coated in pink foam and cream. He wonders what it would taste like, before he chastises himself for thinking something so crude and disgusting. Steve hurt him.
There is no point in begging anymore. He can feel Steve’s aborted movements bringing him closer to completion. Tears are leaking from his eyes onto the floor, freezing there. His breath comes in misty pants, condensation accumulating in his beard.
Steve leans forward and clenches Tony’s hands in his own as he undulates his thrusting to get the last bit inside of Tony. Tony hums, high pitched, but takes it.
It’s nothing and everything like he thought. The bond slithers through his mind, and he feels– so full. He breathes Steve in, and breathes out his hopes for freedom.
Why couldn’t they have stayed out of it? His limbs are shaking now and his chest is a knot of pain. The urge to hide, to flee is so strong and it competes with his inner Alpha, which tells him to fight both Nat and Bucky until they are done.
“Has he been unfaithful to you?”
“Too easy to weaponize, and I don’t deal in weapons. You’re coming to me because you can’t get it to work. You want my help. But once you have it, there’s nothing stopping you from selling it to the highest bidder. And that I won’t be a part of. Thank you for your time, but that’s all I have for you.”
Beautiful, he thinks, lightheaded.
“How do you want it sweetheart? Rough? Yeah, you want it to hurt, don’t you.” Tony is mouthing up and down Steve’s neck as he whines at Steve’s question. Taking that as further permission, he grabs Tony’s legs and hauls him up, arms under Tony’s taut thighs. They walk like that to the couch where Steve drops Tony unceremoniously to the cushions. He looks down at his prey, and Tony gazes back at him, eyes dilated, with a growing smirk of delight.
“You looked.”
The day has hardly begun and he just wants it to end.
“Please Steve! Oh god, I can’t!” He takes the time to slide up Tony’s body again, legs between Tony’s, his own already hard cock centered to take Tony’s yielding hole. There’ll be little to no prep otherwise for Tony; Steve needs to watch his Omega jerk and spasm around his cock, to see his eyes roll back into his head with mingled pleasure and pain. Tony will adjust to it, as he’s meant to, and the event will show him that his body responds to Steve. Wants him.
Yeah, America did disapprove.
“You don’t trust me enough to handle my own problems?”
Settling into the booth, Steve initiates blackout with JARVIS. Then Steve haltingly starts to tell Bucky his thoughts: It’s clear Tony isn’t a stable Alpha. He assaults with impunity. Nothing in the past has worked to stem the tide of Tony’s anger when he’s in a rut, or even just a bad mood. But as an Omega, all of that would change. Because then Tony could find someone to take care of him. Bucky and Steve are both Alphas who have both been on the periphery of these events. They both know, and suspect, times when Tony has hurt Pepper. Any good Alpha wouldn’t use their designation to harm those who are supposed to be in their care. As he says it aloud, he feels more and more that it’s a solid plan. He’d thought that admitting it would reduce some of the magic in the idea, detract from what the end result might look like. Instead, it feels like the future is alive and more powerful than ever.
Steve watches Tony wipe his face with his forearm, streaking more grease onto his cheek.
“Omega. Mine to knot. Mine to breed. Would you like that? Some pups and kittens? We can have them, you know.” Tony mewls and wriggles on Steve’s lap, slick pouring from him now, squelching against the firm flesh of Steve’s hard cock. They grind together, just so that Tony’s perineum glances against Steve, but it’s not enough, not nearly. As though he can read minds, Steve reaches around Tony and aims his cock at Tony’s hole, sinking in as Tony yowls his pleasure.
“Maybe I will. Or maybe I’ll just take you with.” Oh god, he’s flirting with Captain America as Iron Man. The guy hasn’t even met Tony. He’s got to keep in character, but it’s hard when he wants so badly to tease the man after that demonstration. Asking a god to put down his weapon? The audacity on the man is only eclipsed by his gorgeous looks, and maybe not even then.
“Um, I feel foolish talking about it. I mean, I feel just as horrible as those alphas in your stories. I don’t know where the line between them and myself begins and ends,” Steve says.
“What?” He replies dumbly.
Tony mulls it over, Steve pestering him for answers. When he realizes just where Loki is going, he feels ice cold fear grip him. Pepper. Happy.
for Steve. He’s never been good before, not since Steve came in and told him that he was.
“I know, and I don’t begrudge you that. What I’ve done–”
“I hit you Tony. I
“Love you, love you so very much, I promise I’ll be there. I’ll be with you and for you. You only have to want it back, and everything I have is yours.” Somehow, Steve is coherent enough to speak to Tony, lowly and wanting, as Tony lays gasping and writhing on Steve’s knot. The spasms from Steve’s cock drive Tony into frenzied thoughts of
And Bucky is his friend now. Like Steve.
“Clarke. Brenna Clarke. She was a Burke first though. Not sure when she got married.”
Tony gets up, using the coffee table in the middle of the room to brace himself. His face is red from being upside down and his clothing rumpled, he stands up and looks at Steve with hooded eyes.
Steve is numb. He’s iced again. Standing on the outside looking in as if he’s small once more. It’s like gazing outside the recruitment booth and being denied again and again. The wrongness of it sits in his bones, the pain throbbing under his skin. He needs Tony. He doesn’t deserve him, just like he never deserved the opportunity to become Captain America, but he needed it. Tony is not someone he’s going to live without. This world he’s in no longer makes sense without him.
