“Would you be so kind as to test it for me, princess?” Crowley asked, and Claire allowed her uncle to wrap the bracelet around her wrist. The metal settled around her comparatively cold arm with a
Dean was choking, and Castiel’s breath seemed stuck once he realized it. He pocketed his angel blade and tried to quickly remove the collar from Dean’s throat with his magic, hardly aware of Jody and Rufus at his side, fighting off more of Ruby’s shadowy beasts that were lunging at the distracted angel. Though he didn’t dare touch it, when Castiel’s fingers came too close to Ruby’s collar, a shock that blinded the angel shot down Castiel’s arm. A light arched from the collar into his fingers to greet it, and together the lights struck the angel down.
“Math homework.”  Dean said with a grimace.
y’ idjit!  That’s enough of this now, you’re
“I will never move past this, Castiel.”  Uriel moaned, burying his face into Castiel’s shoulder plates and letting tears flow freely.
“Gabriel, will you show Sam some magic?  He doesn’t believe us that you can do it.”  Louise interrupted, looking down her nose at Sam.
“He said that we didn’t make camp.  We just stopped to make you breakfast, because he’d read that angels eat more often than dragons do.”  Claire said.
Benny’s soft voice said, a warm sense of regard in his spark for Dean’s little
Though the thought of dueling with the dragons was objectively terrifying, Castiel found himself shaking with something close to exhilaration. He decided it wasn’t his doing, but his body’s. It said to him; this is happening, this is coming, despite your feelings or fears, so prepare yourself while you can.
“I’m here for whatever you need.” Benny said softly, and with that, Castiel ran into his friend’s arms.
“I can ask, if you want.”  Dean offered, and Castiel felt him press a kiss into his hair.
“How much did you make?”
When Castiel turned to go back outside, his way was blocked with fire. He could hear angels screaming, the deafening roar of dragons, and the sounds of a raging angelic/draconic battle.
“He’s not just a man, he’s the prince of his kingdom and, from what I hear, one of its best generals.”  Castiel strapped his hard leather bracers to his forearms and watched the king closely. “Other than that, I cannot pretend to know why your son is being targeted.”
Until halfway to Benny’s healing hands and severely lightheaded, Dean slipped on his own blood as it fell down his front. Dean thought he heard his frantic-sounding mate, the pure, sweet, angelic Castiel, who was fearfully shouting Dean’s name as he fell from Rufus’ blood-slick hands.
The dragon king would be fine with another civil war, if not for his conviction that John would have to bury his young son before it ended. Dean was a fool, and John wanted to wring the boy’s neck far more often than he ever wanted to hug or praise him, but twenty was far too young for John to let Dean walk alone into a duel against Azazel Knight.
that he liked Dean as more than a friend.  And Dean was straight, he wouldn’t want to dance with another boy in front of the entire school, people would start to think
“Me too, dude. What’s say we grab some take out and head back to the room? I’ll help you with your homework if you help me with my spanish work.”
“Who’s your brother?”
convenient set of truths.” Bobby said slowly, nodding his head in concedement that Samuel wasn’t lying outright. “But where were your eyes, Samuel?”
“He will probably need his memories taken from him, sir.”  The spellcaster said quietly. “I had to make him sleep just so he would stop attacking us, even before we got him off the hooks he managed to knock out Faerly.”
The angel sat his lantern down, and laid down on his belly with paper spread out in front of him. He held his bottle of ink in his left fist, and scribbled out a long, ill-thought-out but passionate letter to his family.
to leave this hold, Prince Dean.”
Only then did John gain some measure of control. Coming back, he didn’t notice the difference between himself and the
“You aren’t a
Benny sat his alpha dragon right back down on his haunches, it had been up and pacing in worry but was now completely still and looking on with a single minded interest. It complied immediately, wanting to end the spell and tend to their omega’s gentle bite just as much as Benny.
.  Castiel thought with a sigh, glancing back at his son.  Jimmy looked too small in his carseat, though it might have only seemed so because of the teddy bear that was hiding his tiny frame.  Jimmy held his bear close, eyes wide and glued to the back of Dean’s head.
“I don’t know what to think.”  Castiel whispered.
Dean and Benny’s eyes met over the top of Castiel’s head, and when Castiel pushed his magic into his eyes, he could see that nearly every thread of their bond was lit and firing.
The Coach stepped out of the hallway, there was only half a second of silence before the younger Winchester exploded on his brother.
“He says he’s come on behalf of Winchester House, he bears a message from Sam, his family’s head.” Naomi said, and Charles turned his head slowly to look at his wife with wide eyes.
stupid.
“We are looking for your commander.  Singer. You will lead us to him.”
With that, the general exited the farmhouse, only pausing in his return to the garrison to grab the sentry that called for him by the scruff and pull him into the air.  “Do not call for me again, boy!” The terrified human nodded and Castiel set him back on the ground. A single sentence was caught by Castiel as he crossed the human’s campsite, it was extremely sarcastic and uttered by the prince.
“What are you doing in here, Gabriel?”  An unfamiliar voice asked.  Gabriel looked up from his homework with his eyebrows raised.  A blonde girl was standing over him with her hands on her hips and her feet spread in something his theater teacher would call a ‘power-pose.’
Ruby’s attention was split between torturing Castiel and minding her son’s waning spark in her chest. Rubeus’s black spark was weak and feeble thanks to Castiel’s light striking his manifested body during the duel, and Ruby wondered if she would ever be able to rest without splitting her spark; to constantly mind him and keep his
“I’m sorry,” Claire said, still on fire. She turned slightly away from Benny with tears evaporating as they ran down her cheeks. “I’m trying.”
“Nah, they won’t care.”  Dean said easily, still tugging on Castiel’s arm.  “They were young once.  But if your parents call looking for you, they’ll throw you under the bus in a heartbeat.”  Castiel laughed at Dean’s warning and let his boyfriend lead him down the stairs to the living room.
Castiel told himself.  He forced himself to smile as he looked over his shoulder at Dean.  The corners of the dragon’s eyes crinkled when he caught Castiel’s gaze, and Dean spoke to him in short, quick groans.
“Why don’t I remember?”  Uriel said with a hand to his head, and Castiel frowned.
“Imprison him for gross incompetence for his negligence during the demon attack, then flay his hide from his furnace for misduty against the crown by planning a betrayal of Castiel’s guard.” Dean suggested, but Jody put a halt to that even before Bobby could finish fixing Dean in a stern stare.
“There was a shelter, and several beasts moving around.  General,” Dina looked at him with wide eyes. “They looked like they had a- a system to their movements.  Like they were guarding a perimeter. And there was a man with them.”
“What spell do you want to learn?” Dean asked, and he watched his fiance bite at his lower lip for a long moment while he thought.
He shook terribly for a few moments as he gagged slightly and blew fire, but soon his fire-warmed limbs felt ready to rejoin the duel, if only to support his own weight, as was Castiel’s goal. Castiel looked out from Benny’s cloak, his eyes searching for Dean but instead seeing Rufus and Samuel with their backs to Castiel and their shoulders nearly pressed against the other, fighting against both the black-eyed Elder Knight and the shadowy hellhound-esque beasts.
“Lord Prince, Lady Princess, please tell me you’re bringing a third. These tunnels are dangerous, even if you are meeting your brother, you’ll be alone until you find him.” The guard said, and Sam opened his mouth to speak, but Charlie was quicker.
Dean sat down and pulled out a pen and a spiral notebook, wishing he could be literally anywhere but sitting in an english classroom with a bunch of sophomores. Professor Metatron dropped a thick textbook and a paperback copy of
“I stand before you with my father’s blessing.” Ruby said, “Our mating will set peace between the Knight family and the throne. You were the one to draw first blood, after all, little prince. You owe me. And I wish to bear your child, nothing less will serve as resolution for the blood you’ve spilled.” Her words made Dean roar loud enough that it had Castiel clapping his hands over his ears.
“I’m okay, buddy. I’m right here, Cas.” He heard the deep voice say as it vibrated through Castiel’s thighs and arms. It was soothing to know that Dean was the one holding Castiel in his arms.
. She’s coming back for me and
half the night to keep his scent and feelings in order, that they would be having a
“Thank you Dean.” Castiel quietly said with relief.
“I need to get into my trunk.”  Castiel told Dean. He’d packed some of his winter clothes in there for later in their journey.  He hadn’t thought he’d need them until they’d be able to at least
“He’s too old to be carrying it around like that.”  Todd insisted, stepping to the side to once again block their path.
The red-eyed dragon gaped in disbelief as he looked about himself, then bowed deeply to Dean. “My apologies, Prince of Winchester. Thank you for your time.” He stood to the side, along with the dragons of his house.
"But you said to tell it what to do." Castiel said softly, and Dean could feel his
“If you ask him, he
“My friend.  Dean Winchester.”
While it would have been objectively funny any other time, when Castiel asked for Dean and he replied, it froze Dean’s furnace when Cas’s hands wandered over his face for a minute then asked for the ‘real Dean.’
“Lord Crowley rubbed your wrist with his thumb when you were asleep, and when he pulled away your skin was marked.” Benny said with a deep blush. The dragon was now very firmly keeping his eyes on the far wall of the shower room. “Has your side recently been tattooed as well? I’d bet that it was Crowley.”
Only when Benny was sure that the tiny, feathered
Cas bit his lip for a moment while he shut down his laptop.  “Well, my friend Charlie has a play tonight and I promised I would go.”
Castiel’s eyes moved to Dean when he shook his head and scoffed angrily, smacking the steering wheel with an open palm.  The seconds stretched tensely, the silence only broken by the hum of the car’s engine, while Castiel searched for something to say.
Samuel scowled. “A coincidence. They won’t be in the area long.”
“I have a full decade on Claire.” Castiel reminded his friend with a kind smile, despite thoroughly putting his foot down on the subject. Castiel wasn’t a heavy or even an everyday drinker, but he wasn’t about to be denied it altogether. Jody nodded and begged their pardon, then quietly excused herself.
“What were
With it on, Castiel’s wings were pinned tightly to his back and completely hidden under the cloak’s light gray fur.  The cloak was thick enough and pressed down on his wings so thoroughly that Castiel could have passed for a human if he so wished.
Y'all have been so patient, and so ridiculously nice to me for so long.  Nursing school is coming to an end in December, thank you so much for sticking it out with me.  I hope you enjoyed this chapter, I've already started on the next one.  You guys are the best, and as always, thanks for reading!
if they ever were separated
(See the end of the chapter for
He sat until his was the only car in the parking area.
Benny’s long sword struck the ground behind Dean and Bobby’s backs, the dragon’s blade cleaving skulls and halving several horse-sized shadow wolves before they could attack the pair. The sound the blade made when it struck the stone floor had Castiel clinging to Benny’s upper arm, even as he kept his eyes on Dean.
Castiel frowned but nodded, his forehead rested against Dean’s shoulder as he tried again to lift his head that had fallen without his permission. It didn’t budge so easily this time, and the angel was merely able to turn his heavy head to the side and look at Dean’s bruised throat. Dean’s bruises reminded the angel of their duel.
“I’m all right now, so no worries.” Castiel said lightly, as if distracted, as if the fact that he barely managed to survive the demon attack was somehow lost on him. He glanced up at Dean for a moment, then smiled at something he saw there. He pulled himself up slightly with a hand resting around the back of Dean’s neck, and kissed the dragon lightly on the forehead.
“Kind of,” Dean replied, though Castiel didn’t hear the rest of what he said among the chatter in the room. He leaned in close to the reflective glass to inspect his pale blue skin, and realized with a huff of laughter that his tongue was dark blue. A loud knock rapped three times on the hallway door, and Jody opened it to let a grumpy looking Samuel into the common room.
Benny struggled to remember something as he cleared the mess from dinner. He’d jotted it down in his notes after reading it in the library a few years ago; the texts listed twenty-two years as the proper age of a
dragons, especially with a lit spark.”
“Father said dragons are different from us.”  Castiel said softly. “He said they come of age at eighteen, not twenty.  To wait any longer would be insulting, and they might even think we’ve backed out of the arrangement and take it as a breech of the peace treaty.”
“Goodbye to you too, dick.”  Gabriel muttered as he crossed the parking lot.
“Uh, I don’t know.  I normally don’t have a lot of time on my hands.”  Dean filled his cup with coffee, not bothering to add sugar or cream before leading the way to a table.  “I spend a lot of time helping my dad with his work.”
“That won’t be necessary, Castiel.  Your mission will be the only thing to delay your travels.  Once it is complete, you are free to do as you please. Send word back with Uriel, and know that the grace of the forest follows you wherever your journey may lead.”
The scars that criss-crossed Rufus’ body as a dragon were reflected on his skin when looking like a human man. Castiel hadn’t been able to look away from their awful, twisted lines, which is when he saw the tattoo Rufus bore on his left arm. Castiel wondered about that and the tattoo Castiel now bore on his forearm, but Rufus’ tattoos didn’t
Castiel exhaled, a sharp smile on his face despite his shaking limbs. He lowered himself off Jody’s back as she continued fighting, and surprised himself by nearly falling backwards onto his butt when he landed. His legs were shaking so violently that his knees wanted to buckle with every passing second. Castiel gripped Benny’s tunic in fear of his own body’s weakness and fumbled around, nearly tripping on his own feet, but Benny turned and whisked Castiel into his arms again.
He didn’t love it, but Castiel had already told him that he couldn’t speak draconic, and couldn’t pronounce ‘El’tir.’ Gecko shook his wings, and set his spark to accept the name, but from Castiel’s mouth
Dean laughed and nearly choked on his food.  After he recovered he said, “I dunno, I don’t usually lose.”  Cas’s eyebrows furrowed and he gave Dean a very concerned look but didn’t make any more comments.
It was normal for an elf as young as Castiel to feel the way he did.  In fact, he had held out quite longer than most once they felt the longing.  Castiel had reached a breaking point when his brother Gabriel finally returned to their home after nearly 300 years away.  Gabriel had come back a changed elf, a new, fresh soul that was joyful, wise, and everything a grown elf should be. Castiel hoped that we wouldn’t be away for 300 years like his brother had been.  Castiel loved his forest.
“Aaannyway.” Coach Singer said, clearly second-guessing putting the two of them together. “Gabriel here is going to give you a few pointers, explain the rules, and let you get a few mock matches in before your title match. Just follow his direction and learn as much as you can.”
Castiel would have had his head down and eyes focused on the floor if he hadn’t spent the last three minutes being lectured on keeping his chin up by the twins.  As it was, he got a good glimpse of Dean being questioned by their choir teacher over the state of his face.
The rushing in Castiel’s head and chest was building to a crest, and his stomach threatened to empty from the pain. Castiel felt like Crowley was pulling several long, thin wires out of him; they tunneled through his chest and arms, and pushed against the inside of his skin when Crowley pulled them up his neck and under his cheeks to exit through Castiel’s eyes.
.”  He said the last bit in a leering way to his little brother and got lost.
Castiel gestured angrily at the snow, he didn’t want to walk home in this weather, but he might as well have been arguing with a brick wall for all the attention the twins paid him.  Or arguing with the retreating tail lights of an old beamer.
Castiel flew right into Dean’s arms, and though he was shaking with nerves, not a shiver of fear touched him while he stood in his alpha dragon’s heat. The angel held his mate tenderly for a long moment, ignoring Samuel outright, more thankful that Dean was well and seemingly whole than he was angry at Samuel’s hate and bitterness.
Castiel heard the quiet slipping of fabric and felt a weight settle down over his shoulders.  Dean had draped his jacket over Castiel, the smaller boy finally raised his head out of his hands to look up.
“Okay, okay.”  Gabriel said loudly.  He had to physically hold Sam back from wailing on his brother.  “Say, guys, can’t we all just get along?  Sam, I’m damn proud of you for making JV.  Dean is proud of you too, he’s just acting like a jerk ‘cause he’s worried.”  Sam didn’t look convinced in the least, but he at least stopped trying to punch his brother.
“Send a message to General Uriel.” Were Charles’ first words to his staff once the commotion had ended. He looked at the wide-eyed, strikingly young angelic guard that was posted outside his office doors with a sad but reassuring smile, “Have him ready the garrison and call on any of the old warriors who can meet their king’s call. We may soon find ourselves in need of a great Light.”
Next thing Dean knew, Cas was crying over
“No, Papa!  It scary!” Jimmy told Dean seriously, the young boy’s eyes darting around the dark parking lot as Dean pulled him into his arms.  Jimmy held his bear protectively to his chest even as Dean held Jimmy close and safe in his arms.
“So what are you saying?  That I should forgive Dean?”
John scrubbed his face in his hands and stood from his desk. His feet found him standing at the new window, watching a group of angels as they flew past John’s view. After a moment’s deliberation, he opened the window as wide as it could go and the dragon king walked out of his office, which was leagues underground and practically right at the North pole, and stepped out onto the bright Charlie grass of the angel’s island in the tropics.
“It’s not often you call on your
Dean was late getting back from lunch, he sneakily ate chicken nuggets from the pocket of his jacket in geometry. He was assigned homework in geometry: twenty questions, due the next day.
Cas just shook his head and waved a hand at Dean, still laughing.  “I’ll tell you later.”  Charlie was looking from Dean to Cas and back again, a smile spreading from ear to ear.
“Jackie, she’s on the swim team with me.”  Samandriel was all smiles, this was his first dance and it was all he’d talked about for the past three days.  He’d been bugging Castiel for dance lessons for weeks until the dark haired boy had finally given in.  They’d spent the majority of last Saturday in the basement, dancing to music from their dad’s old juke box.  It had been fun, and Castiel had been able to put three years of swing dancing lessons to good use, even if Samandriel was a little uncoordinated and had just learned the basics.
for a teacher on the subject of angelic magic. He wondered what his parents would say, considering that their people’s magic was supposed to be a species secret. With a huff, Castiel realized he should probably write them immediately to ask for advice; this was huge.
and husband. Cas was as handsome as Dean had been expecting, and with a smile even more blinding.
“Anna is fetching him now, sir.  Once she is here, we will be ready to leave.”
“Yes, sir.”  Castiel said distractedly, looking to his mother as well and seeing that she was glaring daggers at Castiel’s father.
“Where did Rowena go?” Castiel asked. Rowena was Crowley’s mother, and Castiel had heard Bobby blame Crowley’s ‘witchiness’ on her. It was a shot in the dark, but if Crowley and Rowena had the same witchiness about them, then maybe Rowena knew some angelic magic, too.
Rubeus softly whispered.
“Of course the
And the party was fine; all of Dean’s bosses and co-workers were perfectly polite to Castiel, and the many trophy wives in attendance all adored Jimmy.  Dinner was served in a large room, then later the drinks were served out on the balcony. The city looked beautiful from nine stories in the air, and the cool breeze was fended off by numerous fires burning behind metal grates.
of fun, even though they were just cooking and joking around.
!”  He protested, pushing against his soon-to-be’s chin.  Dean raised his head again and moaned apologetically from deep within his chest.
“My uncle Bobby gave me this hat when I was a kid.” Dean explained, “He used to tell me, ‘try your best not to let your enemies scare you, but when they do, don’t show them your face, show them your actions.’” Dean smiled kindly, and pulled the stiff bill of the hat low over Castiel’s eyebrows, hiding his face slightly. The dragon prince leaned in to softly speak to the angel, their foreheads pressed to either side of the cap’s bill.
“So, Cas,”  He finally settled on a question.  Cas looked up from his tea with a polite smile and waited an awkward moment for Dean’s brain to catch up with his mouth.  “What, ah, what kind of music do you like?”
“I hadn’t even thought about it.  It doesn’t matter anyway, she’s nothing to me.”  Though Dean sounded miserable, the relief that coursed through Gabriel nearly made his knees give out.  Now that he knew his friendship with Dean wasn’t in the shitter, he could start being a good friend and worry about whatever Dean was crying about.
Castiel was drumming his fingertips against the countertop, searching for something to say. Jody interrupted them then, with a scoff that was pretty quiet but nevertheless made Castiel flinch and Benny wheel around with a hand lowered in front of Castiel’s chest to protect him from a danger that wasn’t there.
Benny was shaking and had tears in his eyes as he looked around the room to see if any of the other dragons would object. A few of those tears spilled into his cheeks as he hesitantly nodded, though Castiel wasn’t sure if it was from the pain Samuel had caused him or from the near-duel Castiel had tried to start in his friend’s defense. Benny didn’t take Castiel’s hand until he was already on his feet, and he let their fingers brush for only a moment. The three of them took their places in silence.
.”  Michael said when he spotted his little brother huddled at Dean’s side.
say yes, Castiel!  He likes you.  I know it’s not how we planned it but the sooner you ask him the less you’ll have to worry about whoever sent him the other valentine.”  Castiel wasn’t convinced, but he’d already spent a third of the class period in the server room and would get in trouble if he stayed longer, so he accepted Charlie’s advice and headed back to class.
“Yeah.”  Dean squeezed Cas’s shoulders again in reassurance, though the dark-haired boy had nothing to be worried about, it didn’t make a difference to Dean.
through the shimmering light within the ink of Castiel’s words. After that, Dean had privately been looking forward to marrying and mating with an angel.
Next Chapter will be posted on January 11, 2019.  Thank you for reading and Happy New Year!
Rubeus’ spark whispered into Crowley’s ear. Crowley nearly laughed in surprise at the request.
It was bizarre, Castiel thought, but it was just odd enough to keep himself rooted in the moment and not dwell on his family, his lost island, his behemoth of a fiance turning into a regular sized man, or the impending dinner party he had to attend. All of which were topics that could wholly occupy his mind and make him sick with worry. He was deeply grateful for Jody, and even Claire in her bad mood, for keeping him company and keeping his mind busy.
The first time Dean pressed a weave into the scale, it turned clear, keeping its color and looking like a gemstone. Dean’s spark shone with a white light, but the second weave made the gemstone light up from within, sparking the walls red. Dean pressed more and more magic into the gemmed scale, until the mass of Dean’s spark inside it was lit and shining all on its own.
Thanks for reading
His words made Jimmy wail again, and beat his fists against Castiel’s chest and kick his feet against his sides.  He screamed, high pitched and wordless, until he’d used all his air and had to take a breather. Castiel rubbed his son’s back and didn’t shush him again now that they were more or less alone.
“They were humans once.”  Claire answered, also glancing up questioningly at the suddenly stoic Dean.  “Legends say they made a deal with a powerful creature of fire and death, and that their souls became trapped.  They take over bodies as their old ones rot away, and are forced to do their master’s bidding for eternity. The only way to kill them is to burn them with the heat of dragon fire.”
Jody gently pushed Dean’s shoulder, turning him to face the front while she said, “You’re being inappropriate Dean.” Castiel used his magic to send her a bond, thanking her with a beyond-words type of feeling. While he was wondering how well she could feel it, compared to the powerful bonding magic of the dragons she was probably so accustomed to, Jody sent him a bond right back and her body heat increased to ward off the chill from his shaking frame.
“All hail the Prince of Winchester, The Boy King, Sam the Brave!”
“This is Chevy’s training shield.” Benny told the tiny dragon. Castiel looked wide-eyed for a moment while Benny replaced his cloak and hung it over the
Dean had been gone for half an hour, and Jimmy had been bawling the whole time.  Bawling was putting it nicely, though. Jimmy had been kicking, screaming that high-pitched, ear-piercing scream he’d learned from the kids at his daycare, throwing anything he could get his hands on, the works.  Half an hour put this as the longest tantrum Jimmy had ever put either of his parents through, but Castiel couldn’t even be upset. If he’d lost something as important to him as Jimmy’s bear was to Jimmy, Castiel would be upset for quite a while, too.
“Faerly, let me look at your face.”  One of the guards stopped and removed his helm, allowing Castiel to see a dark bruise on his left temple, courtesy of the human prince.
Gabriel heard his phone
Sorry again for the late update.  Nursing school is slowly killing me, but I've been making an effort and will continue to try to force writing time into my schedule.
Dean snorted.  “I don’t need you taking leave for me, Sam.  Besides, you have school.”
Samuel stilled, save for his head, which was lowered and slowly shaking side to side in silent rebuttal of Dean’s accusations, though his attention was directed at the floor. Dean made a fist and punched the dragon as hard as he could in the ear, an insult to his grandfather’s senses since he seemed too deaf to answer.
“Go away, Anna.”  Castiel murmured as a full-body shiver ran down his frame.  “It’s too early.” He was freezing, and his wings weren’t enough to stave off the early morning chill.  Not to mention that the backside of his legs weren’t covered at all. He risked poking a hand out of the circle of his wings to try and feel for a blanket that he must have kicked off during the night.
He’d like to open his gifts in private, and he wasn’t sure when he’d get such a luxury again, so now seemed like as good a time as any.  He ripped the paper off Anna’s gift carefully, and had to hold back tears when he beheld his sister’s gift.
plaque on the door and stowed his clothes and backpack in Coach Singer’s office.
He told himself.
Despite the commotion, Castiel watched Dean catch the oversized weapon smoothly, like he knew it was coming though he and his shield brother hadn’t exchanged a word. With his twin weapons, light and dark, Dean exchanged a furious series of blows with Ruby Knight. Castiel’s only comfort came in the form of Bobby standing at Dean’s side, the old dragon’s clothes swirling in what appeared to be a St. Elmo’s lightning storm that struck at Ruby and her wolfy beasts ferociously and almost constantly, even as Bobby attacked her and defended Dean with his broadsword.
“I have a question.” Castiel said after Dean had set him back on his feet to adjust a stuck compartment on Benny’s shield.
She walked forwards and leaned over Rubeus’s lips, and whispered a spell that snaked into her son’s slightly parted lips and nose on thick black smoke. With a final weave of preparation, Rubeus’ empty vessel was primed for Castiel of Cassiandrake. All Ruby would need is a touch, or the touch of a touch, and the
Thank you all so much for sticking this out with me!  It's been a hectic month of clinicals, classes, endless studying, plus I met my girlfriend and started a new job since the last update.  The first round of clinicals are almost over for the semester, so I plan on getting started on his again real soon.  :)
, he thought, rubbing his face with the sleeve of his hoodie angrily.
When Castiel drew back to blow fire in Ruby’s face, Benny nearly called out to the angel’s mind to stop him, fire wouldn’t seriously hurt a dragon, not in a million years. But fire isn’t what came out of the
“I haven’t been around humans much.”  Claire admitted, and though her voice was light, Castiel internally winced.
Dean wiped his face dry again, stood up eagerly, and the two boys started walking together up to the school.  Castiel had taken around a dozen steps when he noticed that Dean had fallen behind.
For Dean’s twentieth birthday, Castiel sent an extra-large box of chocolates, a silver dipped rose hand-made by Castiel, and a golden amulet that he charmed to bring the wearer good luck, though in his letter he made the good luck charm sound more like superstition than actual magic.  Dean’s thank-you gift was a quill made from a feather of something called a Humnlog. The feather was as large as one of Castiel’s outstretched wings, but light enough that his hand wouldn’t cramp while using it.
“That’s enough, Castiel!”  Mr. Metatron shouted, slamming a hand on Castiel’s desk.  Castiel met the teachers eyes again and tried to keep his courage up despite his shaking hands.
“Are you still decided?”  His lord asked, eyes soft as he looked down the mountain at the swaying branches of the forest.
“Where will you go?”  Lord Edlund asked softly.
“Wait, what’s a weaver?”  Castiel asked, raising an eyebrow.
“Is that you, Elder Knight?” Dean asked, still roaring his dissatisfaction with Ruby’s mating vows, but now with a harsh laugh at the black-eyed dragon man. “You look like shit, old man.”
, Cas.  What are you doing here?”  Dean was yelling. The voices inside the house had already gone silent, he shouldn’t yell, shouldn’t make a scene.  He took a deep breath, it didn’t seem to be helping.
“I didn’t peg you for the type to sell yourself, Dean.  You know, there are other ways to make money.”
Castiel immediately dropped one foot forward, landing in a split before planting his hands on the bar and flipping lightly back to his feet. As Castiel pulled a backflip after a twisty flip after another backflip, Dean spotted a wide smile on his face that Dean only now noticed had been absent during all his other routines.
Gabriel grew bored, and after a long moment of still silence, he crossed the room to speak softly with his father.
“Ashley?”
Castiel eyed the spear point wearily, then closed his eyes and laid his head back on his pack he’d been using as a pillow.  “I had an audience with King John this morning. And don’t call me ‘man,’ I am not a man.”
Castiel leaned forward and held his face in his hands.  He felt as if he were about to die of shame. He’d never used anything like his mother’s gift.  He’d only used his fingers a few times, in the very worst stages of his most intense heats. He wasn’t even sure that thing could fit inside him.
Though Sam and Charlie were as careful to keep their sparks covered as they were to avoid the large groups, they didn’t make it completely through the cavernous hall of the
“Peace, peace.”  The elf chided, finally raising his eyes and focusing on Castiel’s face.  “I believe you. Thank you for saving me from whatever the fallen one did to me.”  The two exchanged a small smile before the first keening song of mourning filled the air.
Dean pulled Jimmy into his arms and the little boy immediately started crying again as he hugged his dad with one arm and his bear with the other.  Castiel got to his feet to join his family, albeit at a little slower pace than Jimmy.
Gabriel lightly smacked Dean in the earmuff with a cheerful ‘You got this, man.’
“Was that your mom, or your step mom?”
“Yeah?”  Dean pressed his cheek against Cas’s hat and wished they could stay like that forever.
With a full-body shake that went straight to a pool of pleasure in his belly, the angel awoke and moaned with a bit more urgency, rolling his hips against a firm, wide surface that felt warm and wonderful against his hardened dick. His breaths quickened and he sighed again, desperate to be pulled even tighter. He clung to the warm body that was in his arms, and squeezed with his thighs as he pulled and pushed himself up until he found skin.
He’d think about Cas later.
“I was being stupid-.”
He just needed to
And what a thought that was; Dean and the others being found and overwhelmed in battle with Benny not five strides away, but none the wiser.
“You’re an angel.”  Dean breathed, pulling Castiel even closer and dropping him into a deep and unexpected dip.  “Thank you, Cas.”
Benny wasn’t as trusting in Lord Crowley as Dean was in his uncle. Dean had decided not to worry or even think about the witch marks Crowley had placed on them until he could get a proper explanation, though Dean didn’t know that Benny held Castiel’s first scaled dueling weapon. They didn’t have
“Pardon me.” Dean said quickly to the next pair of dragons that had stepped up to greet them. Castiel looked to the guests in time for his joviality to leave him completely. The man had bright yellow eyes that were trained on Castiel, a murderous expression on his face. The woman next to him had flat black eyes that made a shiver run up Castiel’s spine, though she only had eyes for Dean.
“And he promised to never lay a finger on you again.”  Michael looked satisfied.
Dean thought.  How long had he slept, then?  15, 16 hours? Dean made sure to keep his expression in check so as to not give away the fact that he’d slept through most of yesterday.  “Why the hell are you waking people up at 7 in the morning, Sam? I’m not going jogging with you.”
His second set went flawlessly, as did his next two.  After the fourth round the three took their usual two minute break and met back at the parallel bars.
It’s so sweet!’  ‘They’ being the couple in a refrigerator commercial, Dean was pretty sure they hadn’t even
“I’m going to be last chair all semester.”
“It’s getting cold, Cas.  You should go inside.”  Dean was crouched in front of him again, was letting his hands linger on Castiel’s shoulders as he wrapped the jacket around the smaller boy.  “I’ll leave you alone now, buddy.”
“I’ll always stick up for you, Cas.”  Dean said softly, his words still directed at his own feet.  “You deserve better.”
Castiel fiddled with the bonds in his bracelet, looking at each of his friendships in turn. After a troubling thought, Castiel turned his head with a worried frown to look up at Benny, who was carrying him again. Two for two, his bracelet seemed to be doing its normal thing, gathering bonds without exploding anyone’s spark.
Kali was gorgeous, especially when she was rolling her eyes and smirking at him.
He sat up sharply, his wings puffling and allowing the wind to ruffle through his feathers.  The day was almost over, but not quite finished. He didn’t have to give up childish things just yet, and taking to the skies was a birthday tradition for Castiel and his siblings.  Why should he give up his favorite part of birthdays just because he was expected to act like a diplomat? He wasn’t married
He heard Benny quietly asking Bobby to give Dean a moment, and Dean struggled for some measure of control that was far outside his grasp. He held Castiel’s still form as tight as Dean’s weakly shaking limbs could manage.
Castiel tried to hide his surprise.  No one had ever given him a nickname before, unless he wanted to count the twins calling him ‘shorty,’ but he didn’t want to count that.  It was pleasing, and made Dean seem that much more charming.
Bobby’s furnace shook with a pained chuckle, and his reply was breathy, “Hey.”
sound and stretched like a cat, his teeth glinting in the morning sun as he yawned hugely.
, that could tell him about the mark on Castiel’s wrist, specifically if it was a cursed
Personally, Castiel didn’t see the problem with that.  College wasn’t for everyone, a degree wasn’t necessary to live a comfortable life, and Dean was good at what he did, if the ‘67 Chevy Impala Dean drove to school was any indication.  Sure, he was different than Castiel, who was expected to be high school valedictorian, who was all set to go to Yale on a full scholarship, had a five-year and a ten-year plan all laid out at his feet.  It didn’t make Dean any less than him.
“I’m Ashley.”  The girl said, and Dean recognised her as the girl who played drums with the band.  “We’ve never met, but I wanted to say you did a good job tonight, what with Michael putting you on the spot like that.”
Once the muffins were in the oven (which was stowed in the side of their workstation, that was cool) and the timer set, the three boys leaned against their workstation and waited.
of the crimson dragon’s huge jaws.
Dean’s voicemail had a little red ‘1’ at the top.  He didn’t have to look to know it wouldn’t be from the person he wanted it to be from, but he looked anyway.  Sure enough, it was just Sam.
, eyes wide and unblinking and
She raised her eyebrows expectantly.  “And?  What do you say?”
When Castiel returned to the table with cups of punch for himself and Charlie, he threw himself into conversation with her with maybe just a touch too much animation.  He acted like Dean hadn’t just prevented Tommy from ruining his night, and Charlie went along with it, even if she did seem to think he was acting weird.
“Thank you.” Castiel murmured, unable to remember who had just said they loved him. He fell asleep within a minute of the following silence, and could feel and hear someone gently scenting him.
“As cool as they say.” Castiel repeated listlessly in a whisper, already asleep with his hands lingering on Dean’s face and his head leaned back on Benny’s collarbone.
Dean’s spark shone softly from inside the gemmed
Crowley admired the art of it, then swallowed the gem whole. He approached his grief-stricken niece a moment later.
“That’s because you don’t approve of my hobbies.”  Gabriel said innocently as he slid off the stage and turned to face her.  He held both of her hands in his and let her knees dig into his stomach as he leaned in closer to her.  “Please, Kali, be my date.  I would be heartbroken if I had to go with anyone but you.”
“That is the biggest load of crap I’ve heard in my life, Dean!”  Mr. Garth interrupted in a hiss.  “If someone is bullying you, well, tell me!  I can help!”
“And Dean again!”  The nerd exclaimed, drawing Dean’s eyes away from the dark-haired boy to his left.  Dean’s hand didn’t shake as he accepted a second rose.  This one also had a note, Dean had to pinch the little scrap of paper between his fingers and hold the rose close to read the miniscule print.
“Might be?”  Castiel raised an eyebrow at the Boy King’s choice of words.
“I sure am, kiddo. What did you hear about me?” Gabriel popped the sucker back in his mouth, grinning as he leaned forward with his hands on his knees, leveling his eyes with Sam’s.
Then his face went blank, his tone turned urgent. “Besides, there is a favor you owe me, Claire of Winchester. Give me your little knife, I will have it go to Castiel.”
Castiel was grateful for his AP history class, it gave him a half-hour break away from Dean before they had to meet again for gymnastics.  Dean had barely said five sentences to Castiel during composition, which would have been fine, except they had been paired together for a two-person essay.  Castiel had typed out their outline on his laptop while Dean clasped his still-shaking hands together in his lap and stared blankly at the computer screen.  Castiel decided against asking Dean if and when they could get together to work on the essay, seeing as how the older boy was obviously not interested in conversation for the duration of class.
The sun was setting.  It painted the sky an orangy-yellow that faded into a soft pink and made the dark clouds on the horizon turn gold around the edges.  Castiel leaned against the handrail on the front steps and took a moment to appreciate the sight.  He filled his lungs with the cool February air and let his breath out slowly, his eyes roamed over the clouds and the dark shadows they left across the sky.  A soft cough caught his attention, and he bit his bottom lip when he spied Dean Winchester leaning against a brick column.
, Dean.  No one has ever looked at me the way you did that week, and I just don’t understand how you could make me feel like that without even trying, without even liking guys.”  Castiel was shaking violently, though whether it was from emotion or the cold, he could hardly tell.  He stumbled back to the bench, pulled one leg up and wrapped his arms around his knee, and buried his face in his arms.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “Like I said Mother, do what you will. Mark him and tutor him if you’d like, but I’ll not be releasing him completely, not even to you. At least not until he grows into his full
their bond, it still made Castiel happy to share it with the dragon, especially since Benny didn’t seem to share bonds with many people. Castiel wrapped his arms and wings around Benny in a hug, and smiled with a pleased hum when his gigantic friend gently hugged him back.
Gabriel was sure he would die there, lying on the bedspread in his sister’s bedroom and struggling to even breathe. He thrashed against the pain in his limbs, and was hardly aware of his siblings leaning at his side and calling out to him.
Gabriel shrugged and he only barely managed to keep his voice sounding innocent.  “I don’t know what you’re talking about.  I didn’t do anything.”  Dean’s mouth hung open slightly as he stared unwaveringly at Gabriel.  “We need to get back to school, my mom will kill me if I’m late again.”
Uriel turned to Castiel, a question upon his brow.
Castiel felt a flash of heat run up his spine.  Dean Winchester stood with his back to Castiel.  And the girl, though he couldn’t completely see her face, he recognised as the blonde drummer from the bonfire who’d made it a point to tell Castiel he’d done well at playing piano and singing with the band.
“It’s okay, King Oberon is being a douche, but that’s pretty typical.  Are you going to come this Friday?”
things they considered their own.  Dragons certainly didn’t wear clothes, so Dean might simply not know that Castiel’s trunk, filled mostly with clothes, was something he didn’t want Dean sticking his scaly nose into.  Or maybe there were no secrets between mates for dragons, Castiel certainly knew that his own parents were upfront and honest with each other, maybe that’s all Dean wanted.
Despite all the heartache Dean put him through last week, Castiel should really thank him for preventing him from falling in the fountain.  He didn’t want to do it; every time Castiel so much as
“We skirted around them only.”
Castiel nodded, a small smile playing on his lips as he maintained eye contact. Dean realized -too late- that he was still holding Castiel’s wrists in his hands and let the guy’s arms drop with a half-formed apology. Castiel wore a light blue onesie similar to the ones the wrestling team wore, and Dean was shocked to see muscles bulging in the arms and legs of the guy he’d assumed was scrawny just a few classes earlier.
“I’ll keep my eye out for him. But I think you’d be good at cross country, it’s more about pacing. I saw you whip out eight laps in the gym earlier, I’d like for you to try out. We hold open tryouts the first friday of February.”
Gabriel thought.  “Huh.  I disagree, but okay.”  He had more pressing matters to discuss than Dean defacing school property.  “Why did Ashley Turner tell me not to talk to you?”  Dean snorted and made a face as he pulled the curtain shut.  Gabriel stepped back and thought about taking a seat on the bench, but he was too on-edge.
“Who did this?” Rowena demanded over her dragon’s roar of rage. “I’ll kill them myself.”
Castiel shivered in that wind, despite his fire and Benny’s furnace warming his cloak and hood. Something about it felt immensely foreboding, like Azazel’s magic had felt when it seeped into his lungs and skin the night before. Though the angel looked for magic as the air passed him, he could see and feel nothing that reminded him of Azazel Knight.
Sight-reading wasn’t difficult for him, though.  He wasn’t first chair trumpet player for nothing, he’d been surpassing older students for first chair since his freshman year.  Gabriel played the solo without a hitch, he didn’t miss a note or a beat.  He even threw in some vibrato at the end, just to show off.
The next several weeks passed by in a blur.  Castiel’s belongings had to be packed and shipped early so they would be waiting for him in his new home once he arrived, and he was kept very busy with his preparations to leave.
Sam and Alfie both laughed at his reaction.
Castiel was given his letter once they were back in the castle.  He ran to his bedroom with his siblings Gabriel, Anna, and Hael on his heels, all as eager as he to know what the letter contained.  It read;
witch he’d just claimed as his student.
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows as he tried to process that logic.  After a few moments, he shook his head and decided it must be a dragon thing.  Or, Dean was an alpha male, maybe it was an alpha thing. Still, he would very much like to talk to Dean about this privately, even if it meant that the conversation would be one-sided.  If he continued to disagree with Dean with Claire there translating, Dean might feel as if Castiel was siding with Claire and that they were ganging up on him, and he didn’t want that.
“No, I know what you meant, Castiel.  And I would stay, but Rufus and I are keeping watch tonight while the rest of you sleep.”  She looked at him with a sad smile. “I can’t leave such an important task to him alone.”
’s tiny, unshielded back while he defended their
and it made Dean feel like the bird could see directly through his spark and into his mind.
“Then listen well, prince Castiel, I have a grim fear of mine to share with you.” Dean said softly, holding the angel close with his fire-warm embrace. Castiel froze with his arms around Dean’s waist, not just in fear, but also in determination to stand tall at Dean’s side.
“My children have made a decision.” John began, trying to be diplomatic about the day’s ridiculousness. “They’ve elected to name angelkind as a House of my father’s kingdom. Your people are dragons now, at least in the eyes of our laws.”
She faced Fergus in a duel that the younger MacLeod twin quickly lost. It was only the fact that he was her own son that prevented Rowena from killing that wretched dragon. As he laid bleeding on the ground, Rowena sobbed and her dragon screamed that she had never loved him.
Dean left his enemy pinned to the wall and began the long, arduous walk towards a panicked-looking Benny for help. Dean could see Castiel had abandoned his hiding place and was now gripping the hem of Benny’s tunic, tugging slightly on the giant dragon with his hand reaching out to Dean as bright, wet, terrified eyes beheld Dean’s sorry state.
.” Dean said, sounding incredibly dubious. Castiel watched Dean’s face as he took a brave bite, and Castiel noticed the dragon gave no care to the near-boiling filling, so he went ahead and let Gecko nibble some off his fork.
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves.” John said gently. “I have no doubt that our children know what they’re talking about, but your Light is already dim today, Mary; there’s no reason for you to strain yourself until we know exactly what we’re dealing with. I’ll bring one back here for you if you’d like to try to save one, but these are mostly going to be banished dragons. Their deaths aren’t worth the risk to your health, my love.”
“Good idea, buddy.”  Dean said fondly, reaching for Castiel’s hand.  Castiel squeezed his husband’s fingers tightly, laughing softly again despite himself.
Castiel sunk gratefully between the sheets, grabbing a throw that had been a gift from santa, and pulling it close to him and nuzzling the super-soft fabric against his face.  He glanced at the clock on his bedside table, it read 7:23.
Rowena’s promise to Hanna still held her spark firm, and she was as honor-bound to protect the angels as she’d ever been. After the first few times the two-legged dragon woman chased full-scaled dragons away from the angel’s homeland, gifts began appearing on her cottage steps, though she never saw the angels that left them there.
Inside the box was a satiny bag and a folded-up note.  Castiel sat the box aside and read in his mother’s writing;
“Lord Samuel thanks King Charles for his hospitality.”  The man said, nudging the human girl until she walked forward with a letter in her outstretched hand.  Castiel’s father accepted it, voicing his well-wishes before bidding the guests farewell and turning back towards his home.
.”  Five heads bobbed up and down in eager agreement.
that anyone had asked him to hang out outside of school.
“Too bad.”  Dean made a face and ordered himself a bacon cheeseburger and a slice of pink lemonade pie.  Dean looked to Cas as the younger boy took one last look at the menu.  While Cas told Gabe what he wanted, Dean noticed a faint blush on his cheeks and couldn’t help wondering about it.
light.
“Do you want to come with us? I’ll get someone to cover your post.” Charlie’s words made the guard’s eyes grow wide despite her bright, kind-sounding offer, and in reply he quickly signed off on their passage without insisting on a third.
“Castiel,” Jody said softly, breaking the young angel away from his thoughts, “what is the name of your dragon family?”
. Dean nodded, still concerned, but he was able to see the bond between Castiel and Gecko, when he squinted hard enough. So, whatever, so long as Cas was happy and not getting his wings lit up with
“Warrior King of Winchester, it is my honor to introduce the Youngest and Brightest General in the history of the elves, the Leader of the Five Armies of the North Forest!  Here stands the Elf that slayed the Demon Alastair and saved Dean of Winchester from the Badlands of the Inferno!” Anna paused for a moment, letting the men absorb the general’s feats and lean forward anxiously.  “I present to you Castiel the Clever!”
approve?” The guard asked, his eyes on Crowley.
The fallen ones, demons, were back and roaming the surface of the world.  Even though he was no longer a general and soldier of the five armies, he couldn’t sit idly by and watch while the world of men was forced to its knees.  Castiel thought at length of the suggestion of Lord Edlund, telling himself that he would be foolish indeed to not heed his lord’s advice. Despite the plans that Castiel and his garrison had foiled in the night and the protective spells Castiel had placed on him, Prince Dean of Winchester would still be a target for the fallen ones.  If Castiel stuck close to him, he would be right in the middle of the action.
, sweet princess.” Crowley pointed out, “Age has nothing to do with earning the right to carry a proper weapon.” Crowley smiled, and his dragon cooed, soothing Claire for a long moment.
It all came to a head, though, when Cas was seven months pregnant.
Castiel put such morbid thoughts out of his mind as he pulled against Dean’s thumb.  If he could just get the dragon to move it over the opening, the wind wouldn’t be able to get inside and Castiel wouldn’t be so cold.  Castiel pulled and tugged, but even when he put his full 108 pounds of weight against Dean’s thumb, the huge finger didn’t budge.
“They’re gifts from my family.”  Castiel explained, then placed them in the special netting in the lid of his trunk while he rooted around for his winter clothes.  He’d packed his pants, sweater, and jacket at the top, since he’d known he’d be needing it, but he also pulled out a thicker pair of socks and fresh underwear.  He sat on his feet with his clothes draped over the top of his trunk and looked around.
Castiel couldn’t let Dean walk away again, not now that they were finally having a conversation.
It wasn’t long before Lucifer stuck his head through the trapdoor at the far end of the catwalk and he and Michael joined them.  Michael handed Castiel a bottle of water and the twins sat down on the catwalk with their feet over either side, they leaned against each other’s backs for support and looked at Castiel and Gabriel expectantly.
“Auntie, I didn’t expect to see you here.” Dean said with a shaking voice, unabashedly crying with relief at seeing the best healer in the kingdom right when he was growing unbearably cold with worry for his mate. “Yes, please look at him. Ruby Knight cursed him, and Crowley helped but now he won’t wake.”
This is what Dean had tried to avoid with his law-breaking orders the night before, having anyone and everyone able to order Benny around. Benny guessed the prince’s magic was wearing off already. Or maybe Lord Crowley was just so strong and set on this order that he’d overpowered Dean’s weaves.
Dean’s dragon called out softly, well below Dean’s furnace, even while Dean’s two-legged form’s shoulders shook with laughter at the unexpectedly badass name of the tiny lizard. El’tir translated to ‘fire wraith,’ and Dean wondered if Gecko had been one of those talented hatchlings who could breathe fire immediately upon hatching, with a name like that.
“Not all dragons fly, this one has to scoot on the ground to build up its electricity, so there’s no need for it to be in the air.” Dean explained, and lifted one of the creature’s back legs to show off its pale gray belly. “They have little electrodes under their skin, and use the trace metals in the Earth to build a charge when they walk.”
at him the wrong way, Castiel kept his head down when they passed the locker room door.  On days when soccer guys were passing them in the hallway, Castiel took comfort when one of the twins would put an arm around his shoulders.  Today they passed Scott’s older brother, David.
When Lucifer collapsed under a great weight, Kelly caught him and held him in her arms. Though he felt only as heavy in Kelly’s arms as he’d ever been, Lucifer could barely breathe under the weight he was feeling. The angelic Captain felt as if he had a tight boundary all around him, and he thrashed against his bonds and cried out in pain as Kelly gathered Lucifer in her arms and magic and laboriously flew him to his father for aid.
John swore emphatically under his breath and scrubbed his scaled fingers against his face. He left Azazel’s peace treaty on his desk to instead search through the weaves of house Cassiandrake, and found three familiar sparks at the magic’s source; Princess Claire of Winchester confirmed it with The Light that Mary had put in her chest, but John’s eldest and his shield boy were to blame for the founding of the weave.
how many there were.”
“Thanks, Cas.”  Dean sighed, handing over their son, who still had his face buried in the fur of his bear.
“I took his memories of the time he spent in the Infernal Lands.”
Charles nodded and read over the weave while still looking at it with John’s spark, then he looked back to John and the dragon king dropped his hand from his old enemy’s shoulder. John turned his eyes back to the sea with a slight frown, then rolled his eyes at one of the other angel’s question;
“Blue steel, Sam.” He said, throwing a ridiculous and definitely not-sexy look at the camera. Sam laughed, rolled his eyes and took a normal picture. Once the cards printed out, the receptionist gave the boys their IDs and ushered them into the back of the office to receive their schedules.
“How was she slain?”  Uriel waited, barely breathing while Castiel hesitated.
Dean’s scales were immediately standing up on edge all along his back, right down to the spikes at the tip of his tail, which were held so high in Dean’s discomfort that they were nearly pointed forwards instead of back. He had to repress a furnace-length shiver, and his regret for ever turning away from his rounds and walking himself into this situation nearly made itself known in Dean’s scent. Witches were
Did dragons eat livers as a delicacy? Castiel wondered about that with a shiver.
Fergus screamed and cursed at the stars in desperation, and Crowley could only shake his head in reply. It wasn’t
As the bond within Castiel’s bracelet set fully and Gecko flew back up to his hat, the angel sighed lightly at his newfound responsibility to his tiny friend. But Gecko was settled into his bonding bracelet, and Castiel couldn’t ignore the significance of that. If Gecko wanted to stay with him, Castiel wanted Gecko to stay, as well.
“When your mother and I were children, the war between our people and the dragons hadn’t started yet. We lived at the cusp of the brewing conflict, though we were both too young to see it at the time.” Charles paused, his younger children’s eyes were growing wide and fearful, and he gave them a reassuring smile. He knew their minds must be on their brother Castiel, who they had last seen in the curl of a dragon’s claws.
Rowena winked reassuringly at Dean, then pressed her fingertips on either side of Castiel’s forehead with her eyes on Dean’s angel and a soft expression on her face. Castiel’s blue skin cleared when Rowena lit her spark, and his borrowed scales disappeared shortly afterwards. Dean furrowed his eyebrows as Castiel’s dragon disguise was undone.
. Benny worked out duel plans for his prince and wondered what new tricks Azazel had thought up in the years since he’d agreed to the peace suggested by King John of Winchester.
shorter than he’d been expecting; Castiel, the angel Dean was determined to court, mate, and marry.
Castiel stood by the shore, slowly breathing in the warm air that blew in from the ocean and watching as the boats grew smaller and smaller on the horizon.
“Listen to me, you stupid shit!  Stay the hell away from Dean, he doesn’t need a loser like you as his friend and you’re just going to drag him down.  I don’t want to see you talking to him again, understand?”  This girl had to be ten levels of stupid if she thought for
?”  The prince suddenly exclaimed, showing off the handprint Castiel left on his shoulder.
The bell rang, and Castiel sighed.  It was two thirty, time for choir.  He really didn’t want to see Dean, but he knew his brothers, mainly Michael, wouldn’t stand by and let him skip the rest of the school day.
“It’s so cold here.” Castiel said lightly to Claire a few seconds later. Benny’s heart broke for a moment, while princess Claire tilted her head in confusion at the young
He’d been to formal dinners before, he knew that anyone important enough to come up and meet with Dean and Castiel would only have time to introduce themselves and exchange a pleasantry or two before it was time to move along. His ability to play the part of a young dragon lord that was raised on seal blubber and crabs hopefully wouldn’t be too scrutinized by the people’s curiosity.
Castiel stayed close to Dean as the dragon prince tossed the huge, black Impala into Benny’s waiting hand. Castiel saw Benny raise the sword high, but didn’t see it land. The angel’s eyes were only for his mate as Dean leaned back on his knees, eyes wide and his nose crushed and bleeding, clawing at the collar with long, half-shifted dragon fingers.
and had him shaking behind his old man disguise.
John didn’t
“Threkeld is the capital, right?” Castiel asked, and Dean nodded.
was the most infectious form of relaxation Benny had yet to discover. He was working on breathing evenly when a set of teeth gently bit down on the skin on Benny’s neck, right over his scent glands. The dragon immediately lit his spark and curled it as tight as he could, turning the pages of the universe just a bit slower for a time.
Even though Dean had spilled his guts and answered every question honestly and made sure Castiel knew it was all Dean’s fault and not because of something Castiel had done, Castiel just wasn’t sure.  He needed time to think about all this.  Hadn’t Dean predicted that, too?
“I ate.”  He said, and stared at Dean as the dragon continued to eye him seriously.  “What?” He asked after a moment, but Dean just shook his head and clicked something at him.
“Henry’s heir was crowned yesterday. John is calling on all able weavers from our house.” Fergus said even while Rowena’s dragon mourned the Great Henry’s passing. “We’re to assemble in the North by morning.”
for coming too close to Claire, but his eyes weren’t on the hugging hatchling and cherub. Claire and Castiel were safe beside him, in the midst of his domain and within the circle of protection of his
Desecrated was too kind a word. Rubeus’ two-legged form looked the same as it always had at a glance, but looking with a lit spark showed that there was enough weaves through the dead boy that it gave the body a pronounced gaping effect, like there was a black hole cut through the pages of the world.
spine that he couldn’t repress, and his old man looked cold for a moment.
“What do you mean? What’s wrong with him?” Dean asked with genuine concern as they started towards the parallel bars.
“It is.”  The dark haired boy agreed, swaying on the spot.  “You should be my dance partner for the next dance.”
Bobby shook his head at Samuel, whose eyes were still locked with Castiel’s. “I don’t believe your answer, Head Guard Samuel, considering how long our prince fought without your aid.”
Castiel gripped his second’s forearm tightly as they shook hands.  “Are you sure you don’t want me to go to Lord Edlund with you?”
“Doing well.” Castiel replied under his breath, using their moment of peace to smile up at Dean.
into his palm. He stood from his desk and begged his mother to grant his favor, by which time she was teaching Rubeus some awfully questionable magic.
Castiel sat lightly atop Dean’s upper arm, which he held aloft with his hand holding Castiel’s. The angel could only gape for a moment, shocked at his seat on his high perch.
“Oh, how long will you be at our school?”
He hadn’t slept well that night, or any night for the past several months.  He’d lied awake until the wee hours of the morning, finally dozing off only to wake up a few hours later.  Castiel tried to remember the time he had last checked a clock before falling asleep, he thought it had been a few minutes before 2:30.  When he woke up the time had been 4:10, and even though he’d lied in bed and tried to keep a clear mind, he hadn’t been able to fall back asleep.
“Wait a minute,
“Lilith, my sweet.” Ruby’s alpha dragon called. Lilith’s heart thawed and her sparkbeat quickened in the heat of her mother’s fire. “You will have a sister soon. Your second to the throne, should you sleep forever.”
“I- I, uh, for doing
Castiel watched his fiance; as Dean watched her leave, the dragon prince’s jaw was clenched tightly, his teeth barred in a fierce expression, but his eyes were wide and fearful.
Castiel sighed as he tucked his cleaned armor into his pack and lashed his sword to the side where he’d be able to draw it if need be, and settled underneath the shade of a tall pine to rest.
While his body would always heal itself, the same couldn’t be said for Castiel’s wings. He never even looked at his wings, he couldn’t bear the shame and sadness. Their bones were broken and twisted, and the skin was so charred from her dragonsfire that Castiel knew he would never grow another feather. They dragged on the ground behind the angel when he walked or tried to run from her, and they ached so much that Castiel wished She would just take them from him altogether.
“She was cut down by your sword while you were under Alastair’s spell.”
.” Azazel growled at the king, shaking his head at John.
Dean raised his free hand to his mouth and used his fangs to cut into the pad of his thumb. Blood began pouring down his finger and onto his palm, but Dean used his spark to keep the smell from spreading too far and attracting any dragons, and caught his dripping blood before it could leave a trail on the stone floor.
“That you glued a dozen people to the bleachers at the homecoming game and they were stuck there until two in the morning.” Sam’s excited smile was contagious, Dean found himself grinning while Gabriel pretended he had to think really hard to remember the incident Sam was talking about.
Try as he might, Castiel couldn’t sit with an unusually stoic Dean during the passing period between their English and composition periods.  The dark haired boy excused himself and took refuge in the boy’s restroom.  Castiel wet a paper towel and pressed it to the back of his neck, desperately trying to think of who could have sent a rose to Dean.
“What did you do?” Castiel asked. His teeth felt odd when he spoke, and he quickly ran his tongue over them in surprise. They felt sharper and larger than normal. Instead of replying, Dean gave Castiel a cheeky wink and gestured for him to look in the mirror.
Castiel slammed his drink on the table with a deep
Gabriel laughed to himself as he laid back down on the bleachers.  He liked Crowley; despite all the grief they gave each other, he had really stuck up for Castiel through all the bullshit last September, and usually gave Gabriel a bit of slack when it came to his pranks.
Benny felt a sharp warming of his spark and furnace in a silent, thankful reply from prince Dean.
Castiel settled down on the floor of the cage instead of in his hammock. He pulled his lantern from his duffle bag, which was stowed in a pocket on his back, and with a word it lit up the inside of the cage with a soft reddish light.
“Won’t something like that leak back in eventually?”  Singer had finally stepped away from the prince, who was gaping openly at Castiel.
Swallowing harshly, Benny released his spark, and time resumed around him.
judging by her badge, was talking in hissing whispers to her son. Her eyes narrowed dangerously while listening to Gabriel deny that he had anything to do with the Christmas-wrapped wonderland in the principal’s office. Dean didn’t speak until he and Sam were back in the safety of the school commons.
“Good morning.” Dean murmured to his
Gabriel gave his friend a weird look.  “No?  He’s not real into guns and stuff.  I don’t think the man has ever even been
listen to me.”  Cas waited a moment, as if checking to see if Dean was going to make a break for it now that he wasn’t being physically held back.  Dean didn’t turn around, he kept his eyes on the front door of his parent’s house and listened to Cas as he quickly spoke behind his back.
The witch laughed at his not-magic again, then pulled out a pair of fat, golden coins from a change purse on his belt. While he dug through his coin purse, he tucked the silver penny Dean gave him into his tunic pocket; the distinction that he set between the two batch of coins didn’t escape Dean’s quick eye, the witch had no plans to part with Dean’s friendship penny over a proposed slice of pie or some other foolery. The knowledge that a witch held and planned to keep holding his friendship had Dean’s dragon pacing, though not completely uncomfortably;
’s spark close. It was the only thing that helped when Dean got like this.
“Dean, you don’t have to apologize for that.”  Castiel gave him a stern look, though he felt some of the effect was lost because of the 7-inch height difference.  “I’m just grateful you caught me.”  Dean still didn’t look convinced, so Castiel elbowed the taller boy’s arm.  “Thank you for catching me, Dean.  You did good.”
Dean swore as he threw the covers off and got out of bed.  He didn’t glance at his reflection in his bedroom mirror, he knew he looked gross.  How many days had it been since he’d had a shower? Or did laundry? Changed the bedsheets?  Those things didn’t seem to matter that much in light of everything else that was going on.
Hesitantly, mindful of his failures, Charles asked her if she wanted that, and her kiss told him everything he needed to know.
Angelic children flitted back and forth amongst the tree’s many great limbs, calling out to each other and waving at Castiel with wide smiles. They beckoned for him to join them, and Castiel spread his wings to follow an angel that he knew. The angel looked a lot like his elder brother Michael, but once Castiel got closer he could see that it wasn’t his eldest brother.
The general struck the fallen one with his shield and after he was sprawled on the dirt, Castiel lunged, aiming the tip of his sword at Alastair’s heart.
Castiel tilted his head at the man as his eyes passed over the words, incredulous.  The man’s eyes were moving up and down on the paper instead of side to side as Castiel knew the human’s written language was suppose to be read.  The castle’s foremost security was compromised by a commander who only pretended he could read. It was a good thing Castiel and his soldiers weren’t here to take over the castle and surrounding town, he had no doubt in his mind that the six elves could do it without needing to call for aide from the rest of the garrison.
“Halt. State your name and exit point.” The tunnel guard said, a paper weave glowing as it hovered above his raised hand.
“Thank you.” Castiel said softly, and thought he felt his bonding bracelet pulse with a warm, weak light as Benny tucked him in, but he could hardly be sure as his thoughts gave way to dreamless sleep.
, though as far as I know, they didn’t know the two species were one and the same.” Charles explained, and he noticed that Lucifer was also listening closely. “They said the
Even if Castiel was grounded until the day he left for college, he wouldn’t regret sneaking over to Dean’s for the night.
in her chest that made Castiel take a half-step backwards with terror, and a split-second later he went with his gut and hid under Benny’s cloak.
Castiel smiled at the attention his son was getting, it seemed like every conversation Castiel had had that evening started off with someone gushing about how cute and well-behaved Jimmy was.  Castiel turned his attention back to the woman in front of him, thinking Jimmy was fine and not really bothering the man he was speaking with too much.
He didn’t have time to throw his arms out to catch himself, he only barely had time to close his eyes.  When his torso struck something solid, he heard Dean grunt in his ear and felt strong arms wrap around him.
Gabriel caught Castiel behind the gym after school while he was trying to decide whether or not he really wanted to go to environment club today.
The only problem with having all six in a group was that it could be difficult to get them to focus at the start of class.  Gabriel was sneaking Michael a sucker, Lucifer was nudging Samandriel into the soprano girls, the youngest brother’s face was bright red as he apologized over and over, and Raphael was doing his best to distance himself from his siblings when Castiel took his spot on the riser next to Michael.
“Dean’s right.”  She said, “You’re very different from a dragon.”  It seemed silly for Castiel to point out that he wasn’t a dragon, so he stayed silent.
’s body and mind as he could.
“I can see
“Lord Crowley, as Head of Hold, do
“Charles!” Naomi shouted with relief. Her eyes were on the tattooed flesh of his upper half as she searched him with eyes and with magic, and a smile broke out on her face at his softly shining, tattooed skin. The angel king laughed and spread his arms wide before her gaze, his tattoos baring his soul to his mate.
After that, the morning dissolved into preparations to leave immediately.  Castiel was handed his breakfast and shooed to the side so Rufus could bank the fire.  Benny gathered Castiel’s trunk in his hand, and Samuel took to the skies to map out their way between the peaks.
“Your prince lives, human Singer.”  Castiel said in their grunting dialect as he ducked into the prince’s tent and waited for the young handmaiden to turn down the bed.
If Castiel hadn’t gotten caught in the rigging, they might have conceivably gotten away with their misadventure by blaming faulty anchor lines for letting the boat drift away from the dock.  He couldn’t share that part of his misadventure with Dean, however, because Castiel’s parents had strictly forbidden him from revealing to his betrothed the specifics of his or any other angel’s magical abilities.
In a stroke of boldness that surprised even him, Castiel loudly cleared his throat to capture Mr. Metatron’s attention.  “Mr. Metatron, could we continue with the lecture instead of yelling at Dean, please?”  He gave the teacher a look that he hoped would make the man self-conscious about his temper tantrum.
“Aye.”  Came the leader’s response, and Castiel resisted the urge to crush the bones in the arm of the soldier that placed him in shackles.  The soldiers were unable to lift Castiel’s pack, what with the extra set of armor and his weapons stored inside, so they made Castiel carry it in his bound hands down the mountain into the tent city of King John’s army.
Which almost begged the question; what was different about Benny?
Castiel’s eyes turned to the elf that spoke and saw that his face was a mask of fear.
the Northern mountains, but he was too uncomfortable to wait.  His muscles were beginning to ache from shivering so much.
“Jody of Campbell, peacekeeper for the Lady of the Light.” Jody said.
He stopped after three kicks.  He didn’t have it in him to really hurt Dean, that might make him weak, but he didn’t care.  He needed to go find Castiel, anyway.  He ignored Dean’s plea to apologize to Castiel for him as he left his best friend in the fetal position on the floor.
Azazel’s yellow eyes had always deeply unsettled John’s alpha dragon, but he didn’t let his feelings show or smell.
Castiel learned that Dean had never tried chocolate, which was a delicacy produced on the islands on which Castiel lived.  Castiel sent a box of chocolates with his next letter for Dean to try, promising more if Dean liked them. The dragon prince loved them, and as thanks he sent Castiel an assortment of candies.  A few of which allowed the angel to breathe fire for a few minutes after ingesting them (something the angel was
Pain doesn’t go anywhere when someone takes it, so while Bobby breathed freely and focused on his weaving, Rufus and Dean were the ones struggling under the pain Ruby had dealt him.
“You embarrass yourself, Ruby Knight,” Dean said, laughing with a formal half-bow to the Lady of House Knight, “along with me and both of our fathers with your pointless display of lust. To do this in front of my promised mate; another grievous affront.” Dean tutted his lips and took a small step forward, his hand slipping out of Castiel’s grasp with his usual final, light, reassuring squeeze to the angel’s fingers. Dean stepped forward a second time and his hand fell on the hilt of his weapon, not quite breaking out of formation around Castiel, but not quite close enough to fully cover him.
paid six bucks for a single rose for him.  And even if Cas didn’t
“Like a baby with colic.”  Castiel shifted slightly, his head rolled to one side and Gabriel could see the circles under his brother’s eyes were especially noticeable today.
“Are you sure you feel okay?  Claire’s eaten more than three times what you ate.”  Castiel glanced at Claire, who was giving Dean the stink eye for his comment, then he shrugged.
“Midnight, young man.”  She said sternly to her son.
“That was sudden.”  He said quietly.
Benny’s voice was that of a man who had been completely defeated by the world, and it only made Castiel cry harder.
out of his head.
”  He heard Cas say over the speakers as he pulled off his mittens.
As their correspondence continued, their letters grew progressively longer.  Castiel told Dean
“What does it say?”  Cas asked him quietly.
Castiel knew the human term ‘master’ meant a term of respect, not a leader or Lord like it did in his native tongue, but it was still odd to hear such a title used on him.  Castiel gave the boy a tight smile and a light squeeze on the shoulder before announcing they should be off.
Rowena thought it fitting that the humans named the new Medi-terran-ean Sea after the Terrans, for from the ruined Earth’s fiery depths,
“Almost ready, Cas?”  Dean asked, appearing in the bedroom doorway with their almost three year old on his hip.  Little Jimmy looked absolutely adorable in his tiny suit, with his itty-bitty vest and pint-sized loafers.
He was unsure of how much longer they’d be travelling, but he was certain that it would continue to be every bit as tedious as the past two days had been.  He’d only packed a single book into his trunk, and was thanking his lucky stars that Anna had it in her room when the rest of his books had been shipped off a few weeks before his birthday.  It wasn’t a great read, but it sure beat lying in Dean’s palm with only his own thoughts to entertain him. And since his thoughts had turned morbid as of late, and were sure to be even darker after his near miss with the demon’s blade, he needed a distraction.
He tried to put Dean Winchester out of his head so he could enjoy the dance.  It didn’t really matter why or how Dean was able to get to him so fast, the answer wouldn’t change anything.
Dean had Ruby’s chain wrapped around his left arm and held firm in a fist, his shiny white-silver sword streaked with blue dragon blood and leaving a sharp sheen of light behind as he swung it through the air. Bobby stood at Dean’s far side, a thick sword in both hands that was brightly lit and crackling with lightning as a mixture of red and blue blood ran down its wide length.
Castiel’s surprise at finding his side tattooed was fierce and a bit late, he was already completely naked and suds-ing up his hair when he noticed it. His surprise was loud enough that Castiel was pretty sure he’d lost the entirety of his modesty when Benny’s head turned towards him in an automatic response to his shout, but he didn’t get to see if Benny looked away or kept his eyes on him because he’d gotten soap in his eyes from his hair and had to rinse it out.
“My mother used to tell me,” Naomi began, “that the star dragons made our world. She told me they used their magic to put life into the soil, and from their magic came all the plants, animals, humans, angels, and dragons.”
“No.”  He said miserably.  It wasn’t just the fight he was crying about, though after two hours of tears, he seemed to have finally cried himself out.  Dean had scared the hell out of him and hurt him, it was true.  Castiel could forgive Dean if that’s all he had done.
“I’m ready!”  Castiel called out, his face still burning as he shoved his mother’s note into his pants pocket.  The cold air rushed over him like a wave from the ocean as Dean lifted his wing, and Castiel was left standing with his hand raised to his eyes, blinking against the blinding sunlight.
as to let the angels live on.
Castiel tried to breathe evenly and silently scolded his shaking limbs; he tried to not allow his body’s shaking to get so dramatic that everyone could see.
Dean nearly chewed through his own lip while he watched his future mate, not the one he was expecting, but the one he found himself fawning over even more, if such a thing were possible. Castiel was beautiful, he blushed delicately while his feet and legs fidgeted, and his fingers teased and tugged at the hem of his short, light tunic-dress while he carefully and nervously measured his words before he spoke them to the dragons of his guard.
Dean snuck back from a run and fell in line beside Benny. Castiel smiled when the dragon prince caught his eye, and looked on with interest as Dean raised a hand up.
“Oh, okay, then.” He tried not to sound nervous.
“Thank you.”  Castiel said, bowing his head in awe of Lord Edlunds’ praise.
Affection. Castiel’s mind focused on the word even as his shoulder ached from Dean’s heavy hand. He took a deep breath and hugged Dean tightly when his fiance pulled him close. Castiel decided he should really focus on the duel, he’d have a chance to talk to Dean later.
He decided it was good to finally know the truth.  After a week of guessing, it was a relief to know exactly where Dean stood and finally get the answer to his biggest ‘why.’
“I just want to know why you left.”  Dean’s voice sounded dead, expressionless.
The door to John’s office swung open silently on its hinges.
“The homework load at this school is going to be ridiculous.” Sam commented a few minutes later, as Dean pulled the muffin tin out of the oven. “Thirty minute classes is the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard of.”
There were thirteen species of surface-dwelling dragons in all, but before the Terrans forced them to work together, Rowena knew only her own dark-scaled people. When the other species found out that the dragons of MacLeod could hide their
Castiel. The dragon was quick to light his spark to call for his son.
Benny returned her smile with a polite nod and bow, then gathered his prince’s things and left to spread out a bedroll behind his shield in the common room. He sent a thought to his prince as he drifted off.
When Crowley got the curse fully out he had to repair a pair of bloody, ruined, and sightless eyes. While Crowley worked, he held the angel’s affliction in his palm. It curled its spindly arms inward, like a spider curls after its death. The curse was black, and charged with a pair of white and black sparks. Not a true death for the spidery spell, despite its despondent twitching. The curse was merely sleeping, a state of being the Knights know all too well from before they even hatch.
“It’s not a box.”  Castiel explained. “It’s my trunk.  It holds all my things that I might need until I can get into my moving boxes.”  Castiel opened his trunk as wide as it could go and Dean lifted his head so that it was hanging above Castiel’s and he could see inside.  At the top were two wrapped presents, and Castiel smiled as he lifted one, remembering that Anna said that she and their mother had each left him a present.
“I know.”  He said carefully, mindful of the fact that Dean was listening.  “But I can’t imagine it would feel the same, no matter how many times we tried it.”  Claire made a choking sound and he looked at her to find her wincing again.
He really should have known better than to pick a fight with Dean.  Cas wasn’t 120 pounds soaking wet, and with the adrenaline coursing through Dean’s veins, it felt like the blue-eyed boy didn’t weigh anything.  Dean drew back a fist, ignoring the boy’s gasp of terror and the fingers digging into his wrist.
Dean thought for a moment, then said, "It feels like you're barely touching my spark, try getting
Dean snorted.  How could he
“I’m not old enough for a proper weapon.” Claire murmured with a groan.
Dean shrugged. He’d never, in all his life, been asked that question.
When Castiel finally calmed down, he leaned forward heavily with his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands.  Dean had given him a handkerchief, the light green silk one from the front pocket of his suit.  Castiel gripped the wet fabric in his hand and focused on taking deep breaths.  Dean’s hands still held him, one on his shoulder and the other sliding over the back of his suit jacket.
Singer was a trembling, emotional mess when he saw Castiel carrying his Prince through the camp to the prince’s tent.
“Samuel said the bird can breathe fire.” John said shortly, with a disbelieving shake of his head. “I have no doubt that’s what started this whole thing.”
“Thank you, Papa.”  Castiel heard Jimmy say with fresh tears audible in his voice, his face buried in the soft fur of his bear.
Castiel didn’t hear Dean say disgusting, hellish, or cold, it was whispered to him in Benny’s voice as he translated Dean’s growling for the angel, but Castiel smiled delightedly over the insults all the same. Castiel hated Ruby Knight, especially now that she was trying to steal away his promised mate, and was glad to hear that his fiance felt the same.
The small group quieted down as the teacher cleared her throat pointedly and continued with roll call.
“Dean, this is Gabriel Mills. Gabriel, this is-.”
Dean was fine, he didn’t need his brother to worry about him.
“Working on homework, Mr. Crowley.”  He said innocently, holding up his doodle of a t-rex fighting the marshmallow puff guy from ghostbusters.  “What are you doing?”
After Crowley thanked Lady Tran for her services, Crowley dismissed his guards from his son’s tomb.
He had his nose a few inches in front of Castiel’s, and despite the shadowy disposition around the edges of his person and his flat, black eyes, Castiel could tell he was very much really there and staring directly into Castiel’s mind. After a blink of surprise, Castiel’s breath paused, and he felt his feathers stand on end; the boy was gone. Castiel’s eyes darted around wildly but couldn’t spot him.
to hold his
to do, and Dean hoped it would serve Castiel well until Dean could get his engagement ring on the angel’s finger.
Ruby scowled at Dean and yanked him roughly by the chain and collar around his neck, forcing the dragon prince to his hands and knees. With a quick, shiny arc of her dueling boot, Ruby kicked Dean’s face with a solid
get to his
Castiel looked up at his friends. Benny’s face was blushed a dark purple at Dean’s teasing, so Castiel added in a flat, thoughtful tone, just for his mate;
look angelic in origin, so he kept his thoughts on the subject to himself and quickly turned his eyes away from the showering man.
When Dean’s focus was elsewhere, Castiel divided his scaley dish up for Gecko and the cat. They made Castiel laugh as they scarfed down their dinners; both of them let loose warbling, desperately pleased sounds as they ate with gusto. Clearly
The angel found his opponent in the main room of the safehouse, wiping down the chairs surrounding the dining table and speaking softly to Rufus.
Crowley stood over one of her bodies once Rubeus’ black spark was gone from Ruby’s heart, and with a snap of Crowley’s fingers she went from four women back to the one he towered over. The dragon man’s face was livid, “You
“I’ll see you for lunch?”
“Tabletop club is selling them.  I took the liberty of buying the bunch I was suppose to sell, so I wouldn’t have to bug all my friends.”
Castiel hummed thoughtfully, thinking that he quite liked the way Benny worried over their shared mate. Castiel was thinking about how to phrase that, because he wanted to tell Benny that he appreciated how closely he looked after Dean, but after a moment, Benny added, “If your skin is like a human’s, you’re probably more resistant to lightning than any other dragon, Prince Castiel.”
audition, you can do things however you want. We even had some kids bring in guitars and boom boxes last year.”
Benny’s flurried mind was one with Dean’s, he could feel the furnace-wrenching shots of air, or
!” Crowley and his dragon roared in unison, then the man stilled for just a moment. He caught a second glimpse of Rubeus, dangerously close to Crowley’s charge, the
The only thing John truly regretted in his life, even after such a disappointing day, was his own short-sighted
Even though it had been two Knights to Castiel’s entire group of friendly dragons, the angel could hardly believe they’d made Ruby run away.
from demons and was usually easier to run away or just put them down. Sam wondered how much more difficult it would be to kill a dragon-demon than a human-demon.
“Why?”  Castiel asked, pain flaring in his chest again.  He knew why.  Dean didn’t want to dance with him because Castiel had been
Dinner was never complete until Castiel fell asleep at the table.  When Samandriel tried to nudge him awake, his head tipped forward and fell into his helping of mashed potatoes, making the entire table erupt into laughter.
The agreement had been in place since before Castiel had been born; the eldest omega child of King Charles was promised to the eldest alpha child of the dragon ruler, King John.
taste of alpha off his teeth. He smiled and slumped down as he drifted off to sleep again.
Gabriel stared at Castiel for a moment, then sighed and pulled out his cell phone.  Castiel saw him open up a group chat with the twins and tell them that he’d found their ‘awol brother’ and where they were.
The leader chuckled, the point of his spear bouncing slightly in front of Castiel’s face as the elf continued to lay on the ground below the pine tree.  “Ain’t nothing peaceful about travelers in these parts, man. What’s yer business?”
“This little guy is a fire lizard, a dragon whose kin can be found throughout the northern kingdom.” Dean explained, and Castiel laughed delightedly while he patted the tiny dragon’s spikey backside.
“Good, good, I’m glad.  Well, Castiel, I’m sure you’re wondering why I’ve called for you.”  King Charles said quickly, his gaze travelling to Castiel’s mother as he spoke.
“We are truly grateful for your help, master elf.”  Singer outright bowed to Castiel and the rest of the elves when he learned of their business at the Winchester-Inferno border.  Castiel shifted uncomfortably as the other human soldiers followed their commanders lead and bowed.
Everyone in the room, advisors, generals, and servants alike, all looked to their Lord.  The breath of the world seemed to be held baited, awaiting his decision.
“I don’t see what this has to do with you leaving, no.”  Dean said with a shaky voice, shoving Cas’s hands off his back.
“Don’t feel bad, Castiel.”  Gary said loudly, clapping him on the shoulder and making Castiel jump.  He hadn’t noticed that Gary had been watching him.  “That first catch is always a learning experience.  I busted a blood vessel in my eye the first time I caught someone.  You little guys are a lot heavier than you look, and falling a lot faster than you’d think.”
dragons weren’t as thick as ropes.
“Charles.” John said shortly, turning his eyes back to the sea. It looked especially dark as the sky turned a bright orange-red in the late evening sun. There was an awkward silence, one that John half-expected to be filled with nervous laughter, and John had to remind himself that Charles and Chuck were not the same person anymore.
Dean was so adamant and his voice so tormented it made a lump form in Castiel’s throat like he was about to cry.  He didn’t know what to say, he hadn’t been expecting such a heartfelt apology from Dean for his part of their fight.
Dean felt a warm flare of pride for his brave
“The Shields are friends of angels?” Castiel asked with a surprised smile. “I didn’t know that any dragons were friendly towards angels.”
The small dragon fascinated Castiel immensely, it’s scales were the color of cream with just a touch of pink, and it was so small that Castiel thought the dragon must surely still be a child.  Castiel thought it might even be small enough to fit into his bedroom back home, provided that he widened the doorway first. The small cream-colored dragon stood close to Jody, but came closer to Dean and Castiel when it saw that Castiel was looking at him or her.
“We’ve got plans.”  Lucifer said, shooting a look at Michael as if daring his twin to give in and let Castiel go with them.  “And you’re not invited.  If you hurry, you can catch Raphael before he takes off.”
All he knew was the life of a soldier, he had barely reached adulthood when he was forced into the elven army.  Would an elf like Castiel, who had been raised under the wrath of war and lived his life under its cruel rule, even know what to do with peace if he was given it?
He was suppose to ask Dean to the dance that day.  And Castiel just
he would return home.
on his sister’s heels.
“Hi Mom!”  Sam shouted.
“I think, young prince, the things we need to focus on are the ones we can do in the here and now.” Benny said with a slight bow.
Chuck nodded and bowed, then his tiny frame disappeared.
Castiel gasped a little as Dean pressed a kiss into his hair.  Castiel could feel his warm breath on the top of his head, the touch made the pain in his chest lessen by a minute degree.
It was not for nothing the humans called for his help, though.  When Castiel returned to the prince’s tent it was no more than a pile of tarps, rope, and sticks thrown over the bed frame Castiel had left the prince in.  The sentry led the general to the command building and all but pushed the elf through the door.
Eleven guys wearing -frankly ridiculous- spandex onesies were gathered in a semi-circle stretching when Dean found Coach Singer. Dean made himself useful by helping the older man place the mats while the wrestling team stretched and ran five laps around the gym as a warm up. When all the mats were placed, the coach told Dean to go stretch and take some laps while he got practice started.
“I’m sorry too, Dean.  I shouldn’t have punched you.”
“He seemed pleasant.”
The guards around the room let loose a unanimous ‘hail!’ and a boy not much older than the human’s messenger stepped quickly into the throne room.  Castiel’s eyes roamed over the boy’s bedhead, bare feet, and the night coat that ill-concealed his pajamas before pressing the palm of his right hand to his breast and inclining his head slightly at the human’s young leader.  Castiel didn’t think it disrespectful to not hail the boy, he wasn’t Castiel’s ruler, after all.
“You lead me on for
“He did.  He meant it, too.”  Claire told him. “And Samuel told Dean he’d already fucked up, letting you get hurt in the first place, that Dean’s father wouldn’t approve of him acting all high and mighty about who fixed his screw up.”
“Thank you, Cas.”  Dean said, once again turning serious.  “I don’t deserve a second chance at being your friend.  Thank you for at least considering giving me one.”  Castiel’s lips tightened into a line and he nodded sharply.  Dean flashed him another half-smile and turned towards the parking lot.
“And I got too rough with him.”
“Benny? How soon do you think we’ll be needing to use this in a duel?” Castiel asked, looking up at the dragon with wide, worried eyes. Benny actually had to work to keep a straight face, he tried to calm down both his reddening furnace fire and the
“Do you want to talk about it?”  He asked cautiously, keeping his eyes focused on the inky black night on the other side of the windshield.
“Cas and I got in a fight.”  Gabe shook his head minutely and furrowed his eyebrows at him.
Castiel could only see around a third of Dean’s face, but what he could see of his expression was priceless.
“Not exactly, but there was one star dragon who pinched a piece of himself away from his body. He lived with our kind here on Earth as an ambassador to the star dragons. When he walked through a barren field, it would bloom into a full garden within an afternoon.”
Dean gazed gently at the angel, long and thorough and piercing enough to have Castiel worried about what he saw there.
to the floor.
“And Castiel?”
Castiel wondered if Benny was the one thing that Dean fought for.
“Did you leave?”  Dean asked, turning away from Castiel.  “I told you I had food for you, Gabe.”
bond as each other’s second in this duel.
“I will, Mary. Please don’t worry for me. If I run into our children, I’ll keep them by my side, I won’t let a demon taint our family.” After a sweet and passionate kiss, John smiled at his wife and turned away with a cheerful, “Look after things until I’m back, sweetheart.”
Castiel’s wide eyes found his fiance, he saw Dean take a few running steps towards Bobby, but then Castiel could only see the face of the redheaded boyish dragon.
Castiel held the handstand-like position before yelling, swinging around and back up, and doing a double backflip onto the mat. Gary caught him as he screwed the landing and stumbled back, then he straightened with his feet together. Castiel took a few steps towards Dean and the coach, his hair even messier than it had been and his cheeks pink.
.” Dean snarled with his spark, making one of Crowley’s guards shrink back instead of tending to Samuel like he’d moved to do.
“Hand over some blankets, Castiel.”  A voice said before Cas’s mittened hands had left Dean’s hair.  Michael Mills stood over them, seemingly not at all bothered by finding his brother with his hands all over Michael’s sprinting rival.
Rubeus’ sad, too-kind voice told him.
“More Shakespeare?”  Dean let out a fake groan, then smiled when Cas grinned and rolled his eyes.
“The boys soccer team.  Several of their players thought it would be funny to throw Castiel into a dumpster and hold the lid closed last September.  Each pair of those shoes can easily cost a hundred bucks.”  Gabriel glared at the shoes as if they offended him.
(See the end of the chapter for
that echoed deeply throughout the mountain, despite the violent roll of the shakedown and the duel around him. A spherical wave of angelic light emanated from Castiel’s weapon as it met with Ruby’s chain, and it passed through Castiel and the dragons harmlessly, friend and foe alike, save for one. The young, redheaded boy had appeared to duel at Ruby’s side, and he was caught across the chest by Castiel’s light and thrown back, alongside several waves of Ruby’s snarling beasts.
“Elder found your prey for you, my heir.” Azazel said, his voice sounding afar through the ghostlike apparition Ruby was speaking to. He told his daughter to play nice with Elder with a draconic head shake, as if proud of his son and despite walking on two legs. Ruby rolled her eyes, her father was too sentimental and prideful of his relatively useless first son.
“Mmm.” The angel murmured, raising a hand to rub his face. Castiel’s scent flared, and for a moment Dean couldn’t breathe. The angel sat up slowly and leaned his forehead against Dean’s cheek. His face screwed up and he tilted to the side dramatically, but Dean caught his little mate’s furnace before Castiel could tip himself over onto his head.
in his chest.
If the angel had the heebie-jeebies at this point, it was intensified a thousandfold when Dean turned around to Castiel, with his predatory eyes in a thin vertical slit and a smile revealing sharp teeth to ask,
No, no, he was keeping his mind clear.
while around other people. Dean leaned into Benny, and his mate sent him a bond that Dean sent right back; they were beyond thankful that Castiel was awake and whole.
Ruby pulled a fine metal chain from her belt, it sang a high-pitched, discordant melody as it
“Dean?”  Cas’s voice pulled Dean back to the present, and the taller boy quickly wiped the sudden moisture off his face.
People passed by the witch as he waited, and morning turned to day. Rubeus spent his time trying to mimic Dean’s silly not-magic coin tricks and trying not to worry that his father hadn’t shown up to work long past his usual time. None of the dragons that passed him paid the young witch any mind, for they couldn’t see his undead spark. When children passed by, Rubeus waved a hello and some of the youngest hatchlings could see him and they smiled or waved in return, but most passed him by without a glance, and none paused to speak to him other than Prince Dean of Winchester.
He decided that, at the very least, he didn’t have a tattoo that morning, he would have noticed it. Castiel struggled to remember if he’d seen any dragon magic during the day that looked familiar. As he mentally worked through their conversation with the dragons of MacLeod, Castiel gasped and realized that he
“Do you believe that?”  Gabriel asked gruffly.
“Don’t be.  I told you I’d tell you everything later.  It’s not as bad as you’re probably thinking.”  Castiel raised a hand and stroked Claire’s braids, wondering if the human girl could even remember her family, or if she’d been around dragons since she was very small and could only remember being in their company.  Not remembering what she’d lost when she was taken into the care of dragons to be an interpreter would certainly make things easier, as it would be hard for Claire to miss someone she couldn’t remember.
“Thank you, Michael.”  Castiel felt his unease tightening like a belt around his chest, though he knew not whether it was because of his plans to leave the forest or for his garrison’s impending journey into the inferno.  Castiel gripped Lucifer’s forearm tightly, nodding firmly at his kinman before the two brothers bade him farewell and left the clearing.
“I won’t pretend that I am unmarked by this, Castiel.”  Lord Edlund said, speaking less like the leader of their kind and more like the friend and mentor he had become to Castiel over the years.  “It is with a heavy heart that I see you leave.”
“Going out?”  Sam asked with a raised eyebrow as Dean opened the door.  Dean didn’t move to let Sam inside, and Sam didn’t try to get past him.  Sam’s expression suddenly cleared, and then he frowned. “‘Going out’ as in, what we did
Castiel also learned that dragons could speak very well, but their language was a difficult one to learn as it was all growls and clicks.  They had human servants that were raised in the dragons’ halls since infancy to translate their language for them. Most of the books called these humans slaves, but Castiel’s father said that was a fallacy.
“Who are the flowers for?”  Dean asked nonchalantly, holding the bouquet for Cas while the shorter boy paid.
Dean’s furnace was about frozen with fear. It was slowly curling through the air on his alpha scent. Did this kid even know what he was asking? Infusing a blessing with The Light would have so much force behind it that, depending on the phrasing of the blessing, it could turn this kid into a being of The Light.
“Part of the peace agreement between our nations is that you would marry their prince.”  King Charles said. “Not to worry, son. He’s about your age.” Castiel gaped openly at his father, and action that his mother normally would have scolded him for.
Dean gracelessly shoved his paper in his bag and waited patiently for Cas to put his essay neatly into a folder and carefully stow it in his backpack.  “Wouldn’t the seniors want to keep the younger crowd out of their party?”
“Hi, jerkface.”  Castiel replied with a grin, tilting his head away from the sucker that seemed to be closing in on his face.  Castiel pushed Michael’s hand away, his brother laughed and gave him a pat on the shoulder before Garth started the first warm up on the piano.
, Crowley?” The prince demanded with an angry roar, as if his anger could distract from the thick smell of fear on his scent.
Dean met Castiel’s searching eyes without faltering, and even the dragon prince’s earlier wariness of the abandoned tunnels seemed gone.
“I’ll show you.” Dean said brightly, and led Castiel by the hand through the small safehouse. “You can stay with Jody again tonight, or with me and Benny if you’re comfortable with that.” He gave Castiel a quick, nervous glance, and Castiel tried to grin but probably failed and just grimaced.
“We will see how he fares.”  Castiel said, gripping the human’s elbow.  “It could have been a reaction caused by shock or pain.  Let him sleep for now.” Castiel helped the spellcaster turn the prince onto his back, and Castiel was pleasantly surprised at what he saw.
“Prince of Winchester.” Azazel said, looking down at Castiel as if the angel were a piece of filth brought in from the lavatory. “What is this?”
He calmed with his head in a large slope of neck to shoulder, scenting for something on the fire-warm skin that wasn’t there to scent.
Uriel shifted closer to the general, and the fallen one’s ghostly white eyes switched to him.  “Uriel.” Alastair said in an icy cold voice, Castiel heard his second’s breath catch at the sound of his name.  “I remember you. You were the one who threw me in the pit.” Castiel translated quickly while the fallen one threw his head back in a bone-chilling laugh.  “I will repay you tenfold, elf! I have had centuries to ponder this moment, and I have something special with which to strike you down.”
wielded. Castiel’s spark wasn’t lit, which made Benny think that the angel must be using a physical weapon, despite watching the opposite.
“First chairs, you may go to your tutoring sessions.  Everyone else, please remain seated.”
Benny swallowed loudly when
“Charlie.”
“Ow!  Ow!  Please get off!”  Castiel shouted.  His brother’s full weight was on his knees, and the bar of the cot was digging in painfully.  Lucifer held him for a moment longer so he could rub his knuckles into Castiel’s scalp, then stood and took his place leaning against his twin.
“Look at the little cat!”
Benny wasn’t convinced that prince Castiel was ready for life in the dragon’s halls. He remembered reading in a text, long ago in some stuffy library, that young angels needed warmth and sunlight, with wide fields and strong winds to grow into their wings and their
Coach Singer frowned. “Can you run?”
The human men were crouched slightly, but Castiel knew even if they were standing tall, they would barely come up to his breast.  It made the human’s formation seem weak, they looked like children, after all. Even Anna, as short as she was, was a full head and shoulders taller than the human men.
state and as he worried for his son, the angelic king found relief; his tattoos had been returned to his two-legged form.
“That was,
had secured peace and now sat on a throne over the ‘families’ of dragons whose Heads were much older and more powerful than Henry.
“Mr. Mills, may I ask what you’re doing?”  Said a familiar voice with a bit of an accent.  Gabriel sat up and smiled broadly at the principal.
“He is not your plaything.” Dean said with a slow growl that emanated from deep within his chest. His hand was gripped like a vice around Azazel’s wrist, though Dean’s hand was now elongated and oversized, covered in sharp maroon scales spattered with blue blood. The blood flowed from Azazel’s wrist, and Castiel realized that his fiance’s claws were inside the other dragon’s arm.
Claire could barely see past her tears. She gripped her own tunic uselessly in fear as she watched her mother and Uncle Crowley run forwards. Jody dropped to her knees at Claire’s treasured uncle’s side.
It wasn’t sadness that felt like it was ripping a hole in his chest, though he could feel a swirl of anguish inside him.  It shot a chill through his back and numbed his limbs, and for a moment he felt like his knees were about to give.  He fought it, though.  He didn’t want to let Dean know what this was going to do to him, what this was already doing to him.
“Thank you.”  Castiel said, trying not to phrase his thanks as a question.  Dean nodded once, then ducked his head and didn’t reply, and the two fell into an awkward silence.
“Oh, hell.” Dean groaned, feigning horror. “Two Sams? That’s not going to work.”
The three got to work, Dean letting the younger two do most of the work, preferring to keep the dishes clean and putting away used ingredients and let the Sams learn something. Dean already knew how to cook, he’d been cooking for Sam since he was seven or eight.
“It’s me, I brought a friend.”  Cas called out, wiping his shoes on the mat and waiting for Dean to do the same before leading him into a softly-lit living room.  Dean glimpsed a tidy, homely room that was overstuffed with couches before he turned his attention to Cas’s mom.
Castiel chased the light, running deeper into the tree, but found it far beyond his reach no matter how far he ran or how close it seemed to him.
“Castiel!”  Charlie grabbed his forearms in a tight grip and made him look her in the eyes.  “You shouldn’t have to put up with this.”
“Whose idea of ‘best’ was that?”  Castiel couldn’t help the sneer on his face.  He was mad and he felt like maybe, this time, he was allowed to be a little mad.
He let his magic fade, and regardless of his confusion
Charles cradled the bag filled with angelic lights like the priceless gift it was. He showed his wife the letter, and had to compose himself for a moment before he thanked the dragon for coming and gave his permission for them to sleep on their beaches. The dragon nodded twice, and spoke with a fluttery noise even as it turned and launched itself off the cliff to join its kin in formation.
The thought entered Dean’s brain of it’s own accord and Dean couldn’t argue with himself, Cas did indeed look amazing.  It was only when one corner of Cas’s lips turned up in a smile that Dean realized he was suppose to be making a wish.  His brain hadn’t gotten past how stunning Cas looked, so Dean blew out his candles without having an articulated wish formed in his mind, just
With the angels as a proper family again, technically equal to the other twelve, John’s hands were nearly tied to Azazel’s proposal, unless he wanted to start another civil war between Winchester and Knight.
in the marriage contract, saying “ignore your brothers and their teasing, Castiel, you have nothing to worry about.”
It was their first day with the new music.  Gabriel really should have been paying attention while the director explained a few things about the piece, but he’d been having a one-sided whispered conversation with the pretty fourth-chair flute player instead.
He felt Dean and Benny’s sparks light up in unison, but Castiel continued to shiver and cry weakly.
The bracelet at Claire’s wrist shot off at both ends, wrapping firmly up Claire’s forearm. The other end secured around her palm, and not a second later a bright silver blade lashed out, barely missing Crowley’s oddly lit finger as the dragon dodged out of its path.
“I said I forgive you for your part in our fight.”
Bobby darted forwards and stood between Castiel and Samuel’s staring match, blocking the angel from view. It had Dean worried Bobby had smelled something foul and dangerous in Samuel’s scent that Dean had missed.
Castiel thought of the dragon prince. Like a bold, beautiful, cocky alpha male that Castiel wanted to hiss at to ‘
John turned and looked at the light-haired angel that spoke. “I am.”
At eighteen, maybe prince Castiel was still young for an angel, Benny thought as he carried the dirtied dinner tray to the common area and collected his prince’s shield. It would explain the
His statement won him a matching pair of flabbergasted expressions before the two were both laughing at him.
clicked into place.
Something was chasing him. Castiel struggled against something dark, nameless, and clever as it tried to snatch his mind and drag him into a dark, awful sleep. The sounds of the duel echoed all around Castiel as he cowered in his hiding place, but after a few minutes the echoes were all that was left.
“Okay, what for?”  Castiel asked, taking the folded cloak into his arms and nearly falling over once he took its weight.  His grunts and struggling were noticed by Rufus and Claire, and the two humans were quick to help the angel put the garment over his shoulders.  Castiel had to keep a hand on Claire for a long moment while he got used to the way the cloak pulled him backwards.
“Are you nervous?”  Castiel asked, giving his husband’s fingers a squeeze.
“Dean, please, I didn’t want to tell you like this.”
When Castiel awoke, it wasn’t so he could move into a sleeping roll for the night.  He woke up in pitch blackness and he was shivering so hard he could barely force himself to sit up.  He was still tucked into Dean’s hand, and judging by the howling of the now-frigid wind, they were still flying high in the air.  Castiel crawled to the opening between Dean’s thumb and forefinger to look out.
!” Castiel yelled loudly, his voice breaking to a higher-than-usual pitch in the angel’s fury. Dean caught the Impala a moment later, her weight was heavy and solid and a sweet fuckin’ comfort in his hand. His colt was a good weapon, it was light and fast and it shone brilliantly and defined Dean’s alpha cockiness to a T, but Dean’s’ big, black, Impala was a truly heavy, massive dueling weapon.
When Cas didn’t answer, Dean looked across the bench of the impala at his passenger.  Cas’s eyes looked gray in the dim light; clouds were moving in, turning the sunset into a dreary affair.  Dean was shocked at the forlorn expression on Cas’s face as he looked back at him.
shield frame. He couldn’t quite seem to hear what or even which of the royal friends were speaking behind him as he dressed, and he coughed to clear both his throat and his cooling furnace to allow them privacy for their whispering. He lifted the handle near the center and opened the shield’s door with a satisfying
“We’re nine stories up, Dean.”  Castiel said, glaring menacingly at the other partygoers as they stared at his family like they’d never seen a distraught child before.  He hurried through the door Dean held open for him to get his son away from the judging looks. “The wind’s blowing, the bear’s probably long gone by now.”
Keeping a furnace fire burning without any air proved so challenging a task that merely half of the dragons who left Earth made it to the first star. Once the first duel began the fighting never ended, for every
“Father?” Uriel asked, and Charles smiled softly at his son as his eyes and mind refocused on the present. “Since angels are a dragon family now, is Castiel going to come home?” Charles’ smile grew wistful, and he pushed his fingers through his son’s hair a few times to soothe the boy. It was far past Uriel’s usual bedtime, since they’d stayed up to speak to the
He asked his son, and he saw a bright impression of a silver-penny-leaden weave.
Jody fussed with Castiel’s cloak, making sure his wings were well hidden. “This isn’t the setting for a million questions, so don’t be too nervous and let Dean do most of the talking. Benny and I will be right behind you watching your back.” She told him.
“No, no.”  Uriel seemed to gasp for breath as he raised his face to look at the general.  “I did this, I should face him and Dina’s family alone.”
“It’s Health. Not to be confused with Health Education.” She said quickly as Dean opened his mouth to point out he’d already taken health. “It’s required at least two years for all athletes. You’ll be in with the Gymnastics class, they need big, strong guys to spot the gymnasts and you fit the bill.”
“Your parents think so.”
This time Dean’s was the only growl. The sound ripped through the dining hall at thrice the volume as before and reverberated off the walls, the dragons in attendance were still motionless and silent, watching with their impassive expressions.
“Rufus was sent away by your order, and Benny after him.” Dean said with a shout, lest his words be drowned out by their shared growling. “Why did you send them away, and why did you take leave for yourself shortly after?”
Cas tilted his head up and whispered into Dean’s ear.  “You have nothing to be sorry for, Dean.  I understand completely.”  Dean just nodded and wished he could stay in this moment for the rest of his life.
The dragon man held Castiel’s wrist up to examine the mark, though he kept it well-hidden from the other dragons of the guard. A
“Not good, but I still don’t think it’s broken.”  Castiel said, curling his wings around him again.
“The idiot boy started it.” Samuel growled, with a muted furnace thanks to Dean's sword piercing it. The dragon panted and pulled at the handle of Dean’s colt as the room shook again, probably hoping the shakedown’s vibrations would help free him, but the weapon was embedded too firmly in the wall for the weakened dragon to pull free.
“Dean, what kind of brother would I be if I gave away Gabriel’s secrets?  Frankly, I’m offended you think so little of me.”  Dean gave him a surprised look, then smiled and looked back to the car.  Castiel laughed as his mom grabbed a handful of snow and shoved it into Gabriel’s face; it seemed she knew who was responsible for the snow pig as well.
“Dean?”  He called out timidly.  The sobs ended abruptly and a choked ‘what’ came from the stall.  He panicked, he’d never thought Dean would be one to bawl in the shower.  Gabriel thoughtlessly pulled back the shower curtain.
“Get off me, bitch!”  Gabriel shouted back, trying to catch her fists as they rained down on him.  Castiel saw a huge guy he didn’t know advancing on his brother, and he saw that Gabriel didn’t see him, focused as he was on Ashley.
At first, Castiel thought Uriel had been put under a type of mind control, like in the stories of the fallen ones he’d been told as a child.  However, he quickly dismissed the notion as he saw the look of fear on Uriel’s face. The general began shouting orders quickly, Uriel was not to be harmed, only subdued, and left the fate of one fifth of his garrison to their own cunning before turning back to Alastair.
It took Gabriel a few moments to realize Dean was gaping at him.
“Sure thing, Dad.”  Lucifer said, avoiding Michael’s eye so he wouldn’t dissolve into laughter again.
Dean shook his head.  “No, my dad leaves us credit cards, and if I need cash, I’ll go play poker or pool.”
Gecko said and lit a bright, white spark with a
Every part of Castiel ached and pained him, and he could barely keep his eyes open despite being unconscious half the day. He just wanted to go to sleep somewhere horizontal and never get cursed again.
“There must have been many younglings in your group, if you did not even properly see the badlands.”  Uriel commented. The two stood in the center of the garrison with their soldiers surrounding them, the fierce-eyed soldiers awaiting their orders.
The boys had barely walked ten feet into the back hallway of the office when a shout rang out; “I want GABRIEL MILLS! IN MY OFFICE! NOW!” Dean pulled his brother out of the way of a short, dark haired man in a suit who came barreling out of an office labeled
Charles hung his head in shame for a long moment, then forced himself to look into his children’s eyes to tell them of the wrongs he had committed against his own people. “I was broken when I signed it, but that’s no excuse. I gave away our lights, our people’s most precious gift, and let the dragon king put us under his thumb in exchange for a peaceful existence here on the island.”
in a firm hug, shifting Castiel’s limp form up and close. Castiel’s head settled on Benny’s shoulder, and the dragon deeply scented the angel’s hair to calm himself on his
“You’re charged with the fracturing and theft of Castiel of Cassiandrake’s spark, which was under my protection as Head of Hold, and also King John’s protection.”
Charles sighed heavily, then he let all twelve of his present children listen;
“And I’ll pass Dean’s suggestion.” Jody confirmed after a long moment. Dean could smell his grandfather’s murderous intent.
Castiel stiffened when the big red dragon took a step forward and dropped his massive head down to Castiel’s height.  The dragon looked the angel up and down critically for a long moment before stepping back and uttering a series of clicks and groans.
, he thought.
Castiel quickly typed out that he was with Dean and he was fine.  He hit ‘send’ and slipped the phone back into his pocket.
“That’s bullshit, babe.”  Dean said with a frown, but suddenly perked up.  “I’m glad you’re here, though, my mom made an apple pie and we’re about to eat it.”
to be quiet and listen.  “It also gives you some of my strength and speed, which I’m sure you will find useful in your continued struggle against the infernal beasts.”  The prince’s eyebrows raised and he gulped conspicuously, and Castiel noticed that the human’s eyes flickered down to his lips. “Your war is about to become much more difficult, Prince of Winchester, you will thank me for these gifts before it is over.”
“So what do you do in your spare time, Gabe?”  Dean asked as they put the mats away.  Gabriel smirked and pointed at the gym ceiling where two dozen pairs of shoes were secured to the support beams and skylights.  “Pulling pranks, mostly.  I play my trumpet a lot, and I worked on my car for almost half a year and didn’t have time for much else.”
The rookie wins!’
And the pain in his chest wasn’t self-pity.  Though he couldn’t keep the thought of
Castiel side-eyed Dean as the taller boy was handed a rose.  The dirty blonde turned a delicate shade of pink and his lips were pressed into a tight line as he tried to keep a smile off his face.  Castiel had to fight back a nervous giggle when he realized he was probably wearing the same expression as Dean.  He watched as the dirty-blonde pinched a little tag that hung from the stem of the flower, and Castiel smiled as Dean’s face turned a shade darker.
“I didn’t ask you your opinion, Dean.”  Came Sam’s retort, the younger Winchester turned and stormed out of the hall.
“No.  I was only thinking about myself.”  Dean whispered, then took a deep breath and continued in a regular volume.  “I was having a difficult time with showing you affection in public.  I’ve never had any real feelings for a guy before, and you probably know that I don’t like being the center of attention.  And I’m not gonna lie, being with you was hard, Cas.  People were always staring at us when I walked you to class, or when I sat next to you at lunch.  It got to me, I was a coward and you deserve better.”  Dean paused for a moment, then continued.
mess with Gabriel’s little brother.
“Tell Papa that you’re a big boy, Jimmy.”  Castiel said as he buckled his son in. Jimmy didn’t respond, just watched with passive interest as Dean rounded the car and climbed into the driver’s seat.  Castiel handed Jimmy his stuffed bear once the booster seat buckles were secured, and the boy pulled his bear in for a big hug.
“My little man is turning sixteen tomorrow, folks!”  Gabriel announced to the room.  “Let’s give him a big hand!”  Scattered, unenthusiastic applause rounded the restaurant.  Dean wanted nothing more than to fall through the floor and disappear.
“My king.” Chuck said softly from behind John, and the dragon king let his dragon roar wildly over the tiny man’s words, since he hadn’t been able to be so openly hostile to Charles.
that humans liked to eat three times a day, just like angels.
The boys were standing in the student records office when they heard yelling from the principal again. “Look at this mess, Gabriel! This is ridiculous!”
Castiel’s breath came out in an angry huff as he glared at Scott, the taller boy stood in Castiel’s personal space with his head cocked to the side and an arrogant smile on his face.  Standing close behind him were two of his friends, Nick and Tommy.
“Well, they’re
Dean escaped two pins but couldn’t seem to get the kid on the mat for more than a split second. On Billy’s third attempt to pin Dean, (which was silly, Dean could do pushups with the kid on his back all day) Dean remembered one of the more complicated moves Gabriel had shown him.
“Hi, Dean. This is my new friend, Sam!” Dean looked at the blonde boy sitting next to his brother. The beanpole of a boy smiled and lifted his hand up to Dean in a wave.
“Are you alright?” Benny asked with a little more intensity than Dean had, and Castiel’s chin trembled, the young angel wavering on the edge of tears for a moment. Castiel shook his head in the negative before wrapping his wings around himself, holding them high enough to completely cover his head. Castiel hugged his chest and stroked his feathers to calm himself, and he had to wipe his cheeks and take several deep breaths before he was ready to face Benny again.
“Thank you.”  He whispered, feeling his own tears leaking out as his siblings wrapped their arms and wings around him in a group hug.
“Yes.”  Castiel said slowly, thoroughly lost with this turn in the conversation.
“This thing has
The sun was lowering itself behind a low line of clouds.  Soon Castiel’s eighteenth birthday would be behind him, along with his already retreating childhood, his family, and his island.
Charles frowned. He wished he’d had the strength to speak a few words of wisdom to his son, but by the time Charles had watched Castiel blow a dragon-sized lungful of
Castiel didn’t reply.  In truth, his blood had run cold.  This fallen one knew they were coming and had chosen not to flee or even warn his guarding beasts of their arrival.  Alastair wasn’t threatened in the slightest by the garrison. Castiel sent a silent prayer to the gods of the next realm, asking for forgiveness for leading his soldiers to their deaths.
