used the oven before, not for anything—and set the timer. Then he washed his hand and stepped out of the kitchen.
Ste-Virn could… see the merit in what the Council was saying. Two Jedi working on the case would be better than one, and even if he felt a little proprietary since he had done so much work on this case, the other Jedi had obviously been working the same case from an opposing angle.
“Yes,” Steve said, and then he rolled on his side, presenting Tony with his back and his neck. “I’m cold. You can curl up onto my back.”
The arduous process seemed like it took forever, and Ste-Virn was paranoid about reinforcements coming, but either the process was shorter than it seemed or help was further away than he believed, because finally he’d managed to get all the prisoners onto the boat—onto the deck of the boat, not the hold, where filthy chains and the stench seeped into the metal and cloth told him just how often and how long this boat had been in use for this purpose—and then took all the guards he could find (one or two were missing—they must have woken up and decided to cut their losses) and stuffed them in the hold before locking the grate and moving to the controls.
Anotoni’s consciousness brushed against Ste-Virn’s own, deep-seated relief and gratitude within the surface emotions of happiness and welcome.
It seemed like Rumlow was way more thrown by this than anything else, because as he was slowly standing up he stopped and just stared at Steve. It probably hadn’t helped that Steve had said it casually, not turning around from where he was frosting the cupcakes. Or maybe it was that Steve was in fact frosting cupcakes as he said it.
of all places to work though his aggression issues as SHIELD tried to find a doctor that could actually deal with all the shellshock he was facing on a regular basis.
—no omega should be between two alphas who were fighting, and so Steve grasped at Tony’s waist, meaning to set Tony aside and tear Rumlow a new one, when Tony’s fingers laced with Steve’s and stroked over the back of his hand. “Gentlemen, please tell me we are not fighting over the remote,” Tony said, and this voice was not one Steve had ever heard Tony use—throaty and husky, almost playful, and more than a little…
But Tony immediately wiped all expression off his face and smiled blandly. “I’ve never met Thor or Banner. They sound interesting.” He stepped further into the room, very gently curling his fingers in the crook of Steve’s elbow, and smiled at Barton.
“In any case, your master and mine must have compared notes from our reports, because I got contacted a few days ago to return from the field and to meet with the Council. I thought it was because I had stalled out, so I’m glad that you have a fresh perspective on this, a new angle of attack.” Saark tapped on the nearest datasheet—a profile of one of the suspects, taken from the local authorities. “For sure, you at least have more information about these—all I had were security footage and vague descriptions from friends and family members. No name, no ID, just the hint or suspicion of a problem manifesting.”
Natasha looked at Steve, and Steve gave her a pleading look. She was too controlled to sigh, but it looked like she was mentally calling Steve every name in the book as she looked over at Tony. “Your name?” she asked.
Sharon moved past Tony, giving Steve a tight hug. He had worked with Sharon often; her shifter was absolutely amazing about getting in and out of tight spaces, and she was invaluable in the field. He was glad he was getting her, especially with Banner and Rumlow on their way. Both of them were nowhere near dependable, and with two of his six-person team (not including himself) as not reliable, it helped that he knew two of the team really well and had no doubts at all in their ability.
“It’s only bribery if it works,” Tony mumbled, but he looked at Steve, waggling one eyebrow tentatively.
Tony jerked upright, blinking, looking just a little hungover. Steve frowned—Tony had been cutting back on drinking, he said, and it worried Steve that Tony had been drinking last night. “You okay?” he asked.
Rumlow strutted into the kitchen. “This seems like a cushy job. Great pay, great digs, a lot of freedom, no real job? Just sit and wait to be called? Seems like the perfect set-up. And an omega to use whenever?”
“Looking a little bare for a café…” Tony hummed, frowning at the fridge. “I mean, I get it, you guys must buy all your stuff, but still…”
He knew he needed to actually talk to Tony, too. Tony had introduced him to the world more thoroughly than any ‘introduction course’ SHIELD had tried to give him, had made him question and defend himself, do research and
Now, when Steve had seen that, it had been a surprise. Oh, it wasn’t because he was a prude or a purist—he’d seen worse, honestly, even in sexual contexts, while with the Howling Commandos, since two of the group had been omega themselves—but still. The area at the time had been a shared barrack where many alphas would all be in close quarters to one another, and alphas normally didn’t like showing off their Os to any casual alpha passersby. It created unwanted tension, jealousy, and friction, all of which was damaging to team dynamics. He had simply raised an eyebrow but kept on to his bunk.
Not very helpful, brain, Ste-Virn thought, fighting not to spiral further. He couldn’t stop picture Byu-Kyonn, wounded and bleeding out. Couldn’t stop imagining how he had given up his master for his friend. Byu-Kyonn had had such a deep hole to climb out of, and when he finally did and got to the top, he had abandoned Ste-Virn. No, that wasn’t fair. Byu-Kyonn did not feel like he could continue as a Jedi, not when his path had been so obviously tainted, even though all the Jedi Council agreed that he was not to blame for his master’s descent into the dark side.
you want to call it, it reaches out for alphas and kicks something in their hindbrain. Tells us to turn it off, to focus on the omega. Omegas are put with alpha teams because they diffuse fights and give teams someone to focus on, instead of fighting with each other. Do you think you would have tolerated Bruce’s absolute arrogance or Clint’s boneheadedness, or, hell, Rumlow’s frankly disgusting mindset if you didn’t have an omega give you that mental space to back away and think about it?”
Ste-Virn sure hoped they hadn’t. Or that he hadn’t, at any case. “No, Master. We’ve possibly had a real breakthrough in the case and we’ve been chasing it down—”
When his eyes came back to the omega, the young man was leaning back, just a little, and had the most unimpressed look on his face that Steve couldn’t help but flush a little, feeling his ears turn red. Coughing self-consciously, he rubbed the back of his neck. “Alright, then I’ve just got to prove it to you, I suppose. Do you want to come down and meet the other members of the team?”
He wasn’t in the wrong, and he knew it. Saark ignored all his cues and clear desires. Perhaps he had misread Saark’s intentions, but that didn’t change the fact that boundaries were important and Saark never respected his. He overshared and treated Ste-Virn as if they were long-lost friends…
“I am sorry,” Steve murmured. “My fears and my insecurities shouldn’t have made me jump the gun like this. The best excuse I can think of is that I genuinely, at the time, thought it would be a nice present to reunite you with your guardian. If I had taken more than half a second to think it over… I would have known how ridiculous that assumption was.”
Docking was easy; he didn’t need to hide behind his cover here, or invent reasons as to why he was on planet. Zhar was peaceful and had a decent showing in the Republic; all he had to claim was that he was a Jedi stopping for a rest from his travels back to Coruscant and he was allowed passage.
Clint snapped back to the fact that he had been staring in surprise at Tony, a little bit taken aback at the fact that Tony didn’t recognize him. “Ah, yeah, bud, sorry. Any specific coffee?”
Shoving the memories aside, he continued, “I’ve never had… well, that’s not true. I’ve never had an omega
him shaking his head, like she was in the wrong, not him. “You’re always welcome to come back on a mission—it’s not mandatory for you to have leave, like Barton or Rogers—but you need to log at least six hours, spread over a minimum of three days, before you can have any high-level missions.”
Well, to be honest, she really didn’t like that she was here, sitting in a room, babysitting two men who were in pain and she was supposed to help. She was a spy, and a damned good one. She was used to weaseling information out of people, but to do it as a therapist for these damaged men—
He looked at the bystanders, lifting an eyebrow at them until he managed to shame the majority of them to walk away. Then he lifted his head up, leaned back against the tree.
Barton moved out of the kitchen through the open archway to the front room that had a huge TV, catching Steve’s eye as he went. Steve glanced at Tony, but Natasha was trying to draw Tony out into speaking, so Steve followed with Barton into the other room.
Steve stared at the apron and breathed in a shallow sigh. He needed the practice. He didn’t want to stay cooped up in this safe house forever, and he certainly wanted to be able to interact well with the team that was most likely going to be permanent, at least for a while longer. If it meant playing well with a civilian—
Ste-Virn fought the panic that was always bubbling, low and heavy, in the back of his mind. “Thank you, B-Ky.”
“No, not—!” Steve said, nearly jumping up from the bed. “I just… do you not want to sleep on the bed?”
Anotoni had closed his eyes, but when Ste-Virn had stopped talking and there was nothing but silence for the space of a few heartbeats, he breathed out, long and slow. “You really meant that.”
A soft exhale, and then he opened his blue eyes, squared his shoulders, and pushed open the doors to stride confidently and calmly into the circular room.
“You’re just okay with this, are you?” he finally said, voice short as the plane—rather, mini-helicopter—touched down just outside of New York City proper.
Anotoni blinked long and slow. “You never liked me. I was the know-it-all baby teen that bothered you nonstop. You weren’t happy that I was assigned to work the case with you—”
Saark bit his lip, and Ste-Virn turned his eyes quickly away from Saark to stare instead at the datapad Saark was scrutinizing.
omegas have it that badly. Army or Navy omegas, sure. Omegas from poorest areas, or from the richest areas, sure. But he’s just as scared of me as I am of him.” Natasha cleared her throat and stood up. “I’ll figure it out.”
He moved his way through the house—large living room (Barton had been sitting in a small office-like area to the right of the front door, but the left opened up to a fireplace and a comfortable couch), moved into a spacious kitchen. Omegas normally took up the cooking jobs of units, but Steve looked wistfully at a real oven and kitchen appliances. He missed cooking, and perhaps he could convince the omega to let him intrude upon that area.
“Watch? Do you expect us to be, like, shot? Someone’s after us?” Tony asked, even as Steve slowly pushed himself up.
His eyes jerked back to the small form he had passed over as he was scanning and assessing the situation before him. That hair definitely looked like—
…Why were all his thoughts focused on Byu-Kyonn? His friend was happy now—he’d just spoken with him a few hours ago when he was fixing Ste-Virn’s datapad and signal—
“I’m sorry, for making you choose between the mission and myself. I just knew, somehow, that the next shipment was leaving soon and I would be too late unless I left right then. It was manipulative of me to use my story to get your trust, but—”
Tony snorted a little. “I can create this set-up to monitor SHIELD frequencies. That way we don’t need to set up watches at night; if something happens and you get a call, it will alert the rooms directly. I can set that up with… nothing else than what’s here, to be quite honest. If you give me some time.”
The first thing that popped into Steve’s mind, and consequently out of his mouth, was, “I never saw that before!”
Ste-Virn worried that the Rodians tipped the ring off, that they had lost the element of surprise and would never find them again, that they would have to do this all over again, they’d have to start the investigation from scratch.
It had been hard for Ste-Virn to accept others easily, due to the difficult nature of his training, late picking, and late placement. He knew that, objectively. But seeing it in front of him—Saark, who had come to the temple exceedingly young and rocketed through classes so brimming with natural, raw talent that he was easily paired against older Padawans before he had even been chosen as a Padawan… it made it harder for Ste-Virn to let go of old resentments and hurts from the past.
The smuggling ring he’d been assigned to investigate over three months ago had been a kriffing mess to figure out. It hadn’t helped that his original goal had not been to break up the smuggling ring, merely identify how the ring was getting its hands on certain rare crystals the Jedi Council officially only sold to certain merchants. It had morphed and evolved and now, Ste-Virn just needed to physically travel to the Rim planet the ring used as its headquarters. Not only would Ste-Virn put a stop to the circulation of those dangerous crystals, but would rid the world of a group of mercenaries who had no trouble dealing spice, slaves, and seismic disruptors to anyone with enough coin (and, in the case of the spice, to people
than washing dishes had been. Washing dishes had been jarring, almost like he wasn’t actually there, that he was just watching his hands do something he hadn’t told them to do. Being at the front, learning the buttons on the cash register and how to operate the machine, he was more engaged, and it helped him focus on the world around him much more clearly than anything else so far. It wasn’t even that hard of a job—Clint hadn’t been kidding that there weren’t many people who showed up, and it was definitely manageable. He felt he was really getting the hang of everything.
Clint had a medical unit to go to if he was banged up—and, really, he’d gotten off lightly because his job had been to make sure no one exited the warehouse with any alien technology, which required him to be up high in perches as he watched the chaos of the fight down below. Natasha had sprained her wrist and bruised ribs, but other than that had been fine; Steve had tried to take a blast from an alien weapon and been knocked
Natasha fought not to chew on her lip. It was a nervous sign, and she didn’t want to show how this mattered to her.
“Just because I have an idea doesn’t mean I can prove it,” Fury repeated impatiently. “I couldn’t watch too closely over the kid, but he’s safe with you. Right?”
trust to show up every fight—you would have been dead. No matter what type of superhuman you are, you’re still
with Steve and Tony, like they were orbiting each other the way that Natasha did her best to orbit her super-secret girlfriend.
A calming technique, that Saark had only started using when Ste-Virn had finally been removed from Jedi Kulsi’s care and given to Jedi Knight S’m W’Lsinn.
Barton craned his neck to try and look around the corner, and then he pushed his finger into Steve’s chest. “You make sure! You make
“Well, yeah,” Tony grunted, wiggling a little against Steve’s grip—causing Steve to aggressively cuddle him even more. “It took me a while to figure out you guys weren’t going to, like, go through my stuff or keep me from eating, or anything like that. Hell, I don’t think I’ve ever really been punished by you guys.”
Tony sipped at the cup and breathed for a few minutes. “What about them?” he finally said quietly. “Hawkeye—well, I think I’d get along with Hawkeye. I got along with Banner, but with the Hulk and everything I know why he stepped away. Black Widow… she doesn’t seem to like me very much. Never really talks to me. And Captain America…” he sighed. “I don’t think Captain America likes me very much either.”
Steve opened his mouth, and then closed it. It was the middle of the sidewalk, it was five-fucking-o’clock in the morning, and this was suddenly the scariest thing he could think of doing.
Steve looked, panicked, over at Tony, who had pulled on his boxers and pants, and was working on his shirt. “I didn’t—the first day, Tony was just sitting in my room, that’s it, nothing—”
She snorted her beer, making Tony turn around to face them. For a long minute, he stared at them, and they could see his brain ticking over multiple different scenarios—what they were, Steve had no idea, but Tony’s brain was
“Man, go and sit down, you look terrible. Get one of those comfortable chairs. What’re you, like sixty?”
It took a moment for Steve to be aware of just how much he was curled on top of Tony’s thin legs, stretching out in front of him as he leaned up against the soaker tub, how tightly he was gripping Tony’s sides and pant legs. Also, those didn’t feel like pajama pants, or at the very least, they felt like very thick pajama pants. Maybe Tony got cold too—
He must have taken too long, because Tony nodded slowly. “Or, at least, special ops, I guess. But I’m sorry. I… I can’t sleep. Either. I mean, it’s getting better? Oddly, baking his helping. Who knew. Not making the literal things that could keep me alive in various scenarios, but baking.” Tony rolled his shoulders and licked his lips. “But. Being here, talking with you, and Clint, and even Natasha—Natasha can be creepy, have you noticed? But she has the
“Is everything okay?” Steve finally managed to ask, voice feeling like sandpaper dragging against his throat.
Steve put trays of the cookies into the display case, and turned to slide in the tray of brownie pieces.
Gravely, Natasha nodded. “I’ll set it up, and let you know when everything’s ready. But you know Tony’s almost at the point where he can be his own guardian, so it’ll be soon.”
“I mean. Yes?” Steve said slowly. “That doesn’t mean that he doesn’t deserve justice for what he had to face in his team before this.”
“Look, baking is just straight chemistry, then you put it into the oven, and you leave it. You don’t have to baby it like something over the stove, and you don’t need to, like, constantly taste and adjust and shit.”
And Ste-Virn could remember arguing that if one was too flexible, too changed by the wind and the changing opinions, then there was no moral absolute. Then there was no set foundation.
Tony had turned mute and demure again, dropping his eyes to the ground. “Tony, alpha,” he said quietly.
Master W’Lsinn chuckled, and then the transmission ended. Ste-Virn firmed his resolve. He would dock, and he would try to investigate.
So Tony went back to the café. It took him a while to get comfortable again, but they were going out of their way to welcome him, to be with him, to talk with him, and so he tried in return, and now.
Making a slight face, Steve said quietly, “We were all in an active war zone at the time. We were not going to have the ability to provide a home or even a camp half the time for our omegas.”
“Well, no, I just… the whole point is we’re this superhero response team, so we should be ready to respond,” Steve said, voice weak.
Stark flinched a little, and then looked up from where he had been hunched over, eyes trained on the sticky tabletop. “Sorry, did you call my name?” he asked.
“I know this is—well, that’s not fair,” Natasha said, cutting herself off. “I don’t know what this is like for you. But I came from Russia, which—while not exactly the same, it might be a little similar. I didn’t have any reference. Fury put me in something like this—not a café, but some type of little souvenir shop, in Texas. And it was the easiest way to practice relating to people, because these customers come in, and they will leave, and their opinion doesn’t matter at all.”
“Of course Natasha is here,” Banner muttered, and he stormed up the stairs without waiting for Sharon’s answer.
There must have been some nonverbal communication, because then she was on the phone. “Steve, I know we did this wrong. Just follow our location, and come talk to him. I think he needs to hear this from you, not us. You need to explain what happened, and why.”
“Do you know who else is on the team?” Steve asked curiously, turning his head to include Natasha in the conversation.
Director Fury shrugged, standing up from his desk to stare out the window at the back of his office. “You can volunteer to get kitties out of a tree, for all I care. The Council has decided that a heavy-hitting team is necessary to have on-call, minimum five members ready to go wheels-up at any given moment. Now, because of the envoy’s duties in Asgard, and all the agents’ duties to SHIELD, there will be some times where some members will not, in fact, be around, but for the most part the Council wants a cohesive and functioning team unit and will do what is necessary to have it happen, even if it is to force eight different and short-tempered people to live together for an extended period of time. It’s not like it didn’t happen with the Howling Commandos. You can’t tell me all your teammates were content with having soldiers like Jones and Morita around, after all.”
Steve opened the door and could not help the small sigh of relief; a low lamp next to the bed was on, the trunk unlocked and the light in the bathroom was on. Steve didn’t need the restroom, and so he simply shucked off his shirt and pants, folded them neatly, and pulled on a pair of light sweatpants for sleeping. He’d be waking up soon anyway—took the time to set his alarm for one in the morning, giving Clint a little over three hours for his watch—and so he just pulled down the covers (did Fury send someone to the house to prepare it for them? Put covers and dishes and stuff into the shelves and on the beds?) and crawled under them.
That—made no sense at all. Clint tried to feel his way around that, and, yeah, no. “Fuck-up? What?” he asked incredulously.
Tony stiffly moved with Steve’s pushing, perching almost nervously on the edge of the chair Steve had practically dragged him into. He looked between Natasha, Barton, and Steve, and looked almost as if he was going to say something—and then he stopped, eyes dropping, even as his fingers tapped nervously against his thigh.
Sharon turned on her heel and left the kitchen, leaving Steve with a still-leaking sink and dark thoughts crowding his head.
The next day, Steve decided to check out some of the sub-levels—there had to be some, this was a safehouse after all—and was pleased to find a gym. Not a great one, but definitely one. Also, there was a security system.
“Yeah,” Clint drawled, and hoped the ‘prickling’ sensation of sweat at his hairline was in his head and not real. “Is that why you came here? To look for them?”
The door opened and more customers walked in, but before leaving, Clint stood up and gently hugged Tony—to Tony’s absolute shock, he was sure. “Just—talk with them. You’d be surprised, I think. But your team deserves to know how hard you’ve been working on this.”
“Did I ever tell you,” Saark said slowly, “why I was given to Jedi Knight Kulsi at the same time you were?”
Ste-Virn concentrated, trying to pick up the feeling that Saark had picked up on, but when he couldn’t identify anything he sighed. “Do you have a better idea?” he asked quietly. “All of what we said and planned—have you changed your mind about that?”
For a moment, something very much like fear crossed Tony’s face before he dropped his head, letting his hair fall and hide his expression. “Do you want me to join one of the other alphas in their bed tonight, alpha?” he asked.
Following the tracker had been a nightmare and a half. It had zipped from one planetary system to the next, had almost disappeared entirely. Ste-Virn had ended up calling Byu-Kyonn again, since Byu-Kyonn was excellent with technology and could remotely figure out how to keep the signal tethered to Ste-Virn’s datapad.
“Deep space,” Ste-Virn answered back automatically. “We’ve been tracking a shipment, and we’re just trying to get that undeniable proof in order to show to the planets that the company has been violating the good faith contracts they made here on the planet.”
One thing that hadn’t changed about omegas in the military from when Steve had first entered—they were still offered lucrative contracts to stabilize large alpha-heavy teams, and more or less they willingly entered into contract with the military, signing up for tours with the expectation that the military would place them in good teams and that they would be protected. Higher pay went to those who went into active military zones, and the military paid a fortune in education bills, reparations, and contract salaries for omegas. There were always far more betas and omegas than alphas, so finding omegas wasn’t the hard part—it was pairing the omegas with a team that wouldn’t have the omegas calling breach of contract and costing the military more money in reparations for unsafe conditions and criminal treatment, and breaking up alphas and betas into teams that didn’t have four or more alphas in one place and would therefore
Tony blinked at Clint, and then at the clock. It was closer to six in the morning now, wasn’t it? The shop would be opening soon. The shop might already be open, now that he thought about it, but there was no one inside, so that didn’t help. The lights were on, though, and the weird jazz from before was replaced with more ambient café noise that Tony was used to hearing.
Wryly, Byu-Kyonn elaborated, “You mean, when I found out my master was a… jerk, an’ lost m’arm, an’ you lost yer master in th’ same blow? Nah, I’ve no idea what yer talkin’ about.”
So if Steve didn’t show up, Tony might not call him on it because, of course, who calls alphas on their decisions? But Tony also would assume that Steve saw him lacking in some way, and the other alphas in the group would also see it that way. They would take to disrespecting Tony in the same manner, or overcorrect and take to babying and clinging to Tony in the opposite manner.
But before she could indicate one way or the other, Barton flapped his hand. “She always knows. She’s a spy, she’s got to know. No, I just go where my handler points me. He told me I was on a team long-term and I didn’t bother to find anything out beyond that Natasha was going with me.”
“Man, you gotta make me some trick arrows. We’ll get Fury to give us a budget for R&D, get you up there so you can build with some other minds. I know you’ve been hanging out in Bruce’s workshop, but I also know he’s more biology and you’re more mechanics, so…”
“I don’t think he was treated very well on his last team, so I’ve been trying to show him he doesn’t need to worry about that here. But. Anyway. Did everything go okay on your mission?”
Steve breathed in deeply, reached for the Force and tried to breathe out his frustration and anger. Processing emotions had always been hard, more so after his first Master’s death, the trauma that happened to his best friends, and then the fractious almost-year with Saark and their shared, temporary Jedi Knight Filliph Kulsi. Master S’m had been better at teaching him how to handle it, but Ste-Virn… knew this was his weakness.
For a moment, Director Fury looked as if he would snort in laughter, but after a few heartbeats he inclined his head. “Granted.”
He didn’t know how long he sat and shivered on the floor, head pulled against Tony’s chest, thin fingers combing through Steve’s hair, but slowly he became aware that the door had opened and closed again at some point.
“Anotoni is fine, by the way. A heavy dose of spice, coupled with many days of not eating. But that still begs the question—what evidence do you have that Indenaturing Mining is behind this? How did you resolve this case to a satisfactory closing?”
(The new, temporary headquarters, since the alien invasion had mostly flattened the original all the way to the ground.)
As he tried to convince himself this was a good thing, he caught Master Windu staring at him, expression almost… smug? Knowing, for sure.
out of style and illegal. He was given a briefing on culture, on dynamic interaction and dynamic rights, and he was
. There was, fuck, there was at least ten of those huge dropships, you know, the ones that had about a hundred soldiers waiting to jump off? And there were more in the distance, I couldn’t count,
When Steve could finally calm himself down, he shivered a little again, tremors running through his body, and then looked at the door. “Did someone… come in?”
Tony still didn’t fit in perfectly with the team. Oh, it was better, and even with Brock and Bruce, it had gotten better, but still… Steve needed to find some way to protect Tony.
They were going to, she knew, and hopefully Tony would be able to understand their point, and calm down after feeling betrayed.
“You don’t get to do that,” Tony croaked. “You don’t get to remind me of all the times you sat there and
, so the regulars were accepting. There were a few assholes in the bunch, because of course there were, but all Clint did was smile dumbly and point at his hearing aid, signing in quick, rapid-fire movements what he thought of their opinions and clothing choices and flustering them.
It went against every core belief in Ste-Virn, went against everything he wanted to do, and he felt rage and frustration and fear bubbling up as he watched that blinking dot travel farther and farther away.
Steve shrugged. “I’ve never been around an omega long enough to worry about that, so I’ll take your word for it.”
The delighted look on Tony’s face when he came back made Steve forget all about telling Tony his identity.
The whole time, Byu-Kyonn had complained and grumbled. “I ’spected a foolish plan from Saark,” he growled, as Ste-Virn’s datapad flickered through the remote connection. “But fer you ta go along with it? I didn’ think it was possible. You wouldn’ta let
“We’ll be back in a few hours. And I’ve started looking into what you wanted me to look in on,” Natasha said, nodding at Sharon. “Hey, Sharon.”
distinctive and Natasha’s normal conditioner had a soft floral note that Steve had gotten used to with all the downtime at the safehouse.
He had taken a few classes, he wasn’t too ashamed to admit. Practiced, and it wasn’t hard, it really wasn’t. Chemistry wasn’t his forte, but it was a science, and it was understandable. He might not be artistic with it, but he could make good-tasting food.
“You know,” Tony mumbled, voice still heavy and logy with whatever Tony had put into his system, “The ‘Avengers.’ Didn’t even want me, you know. Wanted the suit, didn’t want me. What a surprise, yeah? Tony Stark is never recommended.” He let out a hollow laugh. “Anyway. Fucked up, got my team hurt.”
“It’s unlikely that someone’s going to mind-control Thor again to attack the team,” Steve said, glaring at Sharon, hating that he was on the floor for this conversation. “That being said, he wasn’t even hitting at full strength.”
“You had omegas in the Howling Commandos, though,” Natasha said, and though it was phrased as a sentence, she lifted an eyebrow up in question.
That was why Natasha was calling. They were supposed to be meeting for drinks, since Pepper’s schedule was so busy all the time, and it was hard to actively schedule dinner dates or lunch dates, they clung onto brunch and evening dates with one another and made it work.
Groaning, Natasha stood up and pressed a kiss to Pepper’s forehead. “We’re telling him soon, I just wanted you to know without him telling you.”
Steve shrugged one shoulder. “Honestly, I don’t know if he likes anyone right away? He seemed terrified of me, of Natasha, of Barton—Clint—and it took him some while to warm up. He was doing fine today. I think we just need to show him that he’s not going to get yelled at, or whatever the hell happened at his old team.”
“I never met a bigger bunch of prudes until I joined your team,” Tony’s voice came, sounding bewildered instead of upset. “But you don’t need to apologize. Obie is… what every alpha is supposed to be like.”
The spicy sweet scent of burning cotton candy, of sugar, and that light, fresh scent of blueberries wafted up, even as motor oil and metal made a barrier between him and Rumlow.
Steve’s growl increased, reverberating through his chest as he folded his arms and shoulders around Tony.
Jedi Kulsi was a very aloof and calm person, markedly different than Ste-Virn’s previous Master, Ab’Ram Skine. When Skine had died (uncovering a Sith plot, one that had killed almost all the Jedi involved, severely maimed Ste-Virn’s best friend, and had left Ste-Virn very much alone in the world)—when Skine had died, it had nearly killed Ste-Virn. Skine had been warm, fond, and playful; he’d been the perfect complement to Ste-Virn’s personality, and the drastic difference between Jedi Skine and Jedi Kulsi had made it almost impossible to connect with his new master. Jedi Kulsi also had never had a Padawan before, and had not ever intended to have a Padawan, which had not helped.
“I have you,” Tony said simply. “I know I have you, now. And I know you’ll protect me. That’s really all I need.”
“He should never have been treated that way! You’re head alpha, you need to report that into Fury! Whatever team he had first needs to be investigated, maybe even court-martialed! No omega should be behaving like that!”
Then he jerked forward and gestured at the full display case. “But here… here I can make things, and it’s not another suit, so Pepper doesn’t get mad, and you guys don’t care that I’m a billionaire so long as I pay for my food, and I like to think I make you guys money, so I’m here. I think I’m gonna pass out now.”
Motor oil, wasn’t it? Something of metal, or ozone. Strange, with an undercurrent of feline that meant he would be much more compatible with Steve than Steve had initially thought.
Stark heaved a sigh. “Surprise me.” He pushed two bills across the counter, the top one a twenty, and staggered over to a tiny, rickety table and stool.
“A rebuke to your skills, this is not,” Yoda said gravely. “Another Jedi’s case, your case touches. Equal work, both of you have done. Aid the other, you both can.”
At that, Ste-Virn turned around with a large smile. “Are you kidding? You reached out to me through the Force, and led me to the hideout. You helped your own rescue. You’re seriously amazing.”
“I don’t—” Tony began, and then he trailed off, not quite sure what to do or how to respond to that.
Ste-Virn was still holding Anotoni’s hands, and he began to rub his thumbs over the back of Anotoni’s hands, wishing they were somewhere a little more private for this talk, but… what about them, or their relationship, had ever done things in a logical order? “So, yes. I meant it, and I hid it from myself and I thought others, even though apparently I pouted over you.”
“Where’d the fridge go? How am I supposed to make cannoli today?!” Tony demanded. “What the hell? Was this a management decision? Why—” He trailed off, looking at the rest of the kitchen. “What happened here, Steve?”
Ste-Virn noticed that Saark’s fingers came up to tap against his lower abdomen, twitching in a pattern that looked like someone counting out a Fibonacci sequence, a dance of numbers against skin.
And, here’s the thing, Steve Rogers was getting better at interacting with Tony Stark, and Captain America was getting better at interacting with Iron Man, and Iron Man knew what war Captain America would talk about and why it was so hard for him to talk about it, but Tony Stark would not know that for Steve Rogers. And on the one hand, he had really enjoyed getting to know Tony Stark without having Captain America sitting on his shoulder, but on the other hand…
Steve rolled his shoulders uncomfortably. “I’m well aware of that. I know I have to show him that he’s not going to be punished for speaking his mind, that he’s here to be a peacekeeping force, not a punching bag or a doormat, but that doesn’t change overnight.”
, though!” Barton hissed. “Or at least, if it was one team, why was he with them that long? His reactions are
Over the next two weeks, Steve learned that he had to be in the same room as Rumlow and Tony all the time, or Rumlow would get increasingly filthy with his words and Tony increasingly quiet. He also learned he needed to make sure Banner and Tony didn’t stay in the same room too long, because inevitably something would go on fire. Tony, apparently, was a scientific genius who always thought that it was important to try things before reading the safety instructions.
Steve picked up two of the three pillows and immediately pulled the top comforter off of the bed. “I want—you should be comfortable, wherever you want to sleep.”
There was silence for another two minutes, almost three. Then, the tiniest of movements, Tony scooching closer. And then closer.
Again, this was an actual café, and Clint had in fact served more than a few customers today, yesterday—hell, he’d been here almost a full month. There were two other customers, a businessman and a young college student, both of whom were ensconced in different corners of the café, each buried in their favored electronic. Stark, while out of place, was not alone in assuming this front was just another coffee place.
(Who would have thought that the man in armor, the media darling, would be silent about pain that he suffered? That he wouldn’t seek out help?)
thoughts about this meeting. Stane sounded much different in-person than he had in all the letters and phone calls.
“He was helping me go through sub-level one. I think there’s more than one sub-level, but Natasha wanted to take him into town, let him get the house set up how he wants and in the most comfortable way for him,” Steve offered.
“The other day. Rumlow explained to me, why you were so protective of the little omega. And that’s very kind, and we do have a long-term team, so you might be able to keep him protected for a while longer yet. But we leave all the time to go fight supernatural threats. If we didn’t have Iron Man there—a literal wild card who we
Stark licked his lips, almost looked like he was going to respond, and then he withdrew, so suddenly and completely that it was like a wall slamming down between him and Clint. “Merchant of Death, that’s me,” Stark said, voice hollow with fake happiness.
Sharon bared her teeth, but also backed up—clearly not trying to challenge his authority, not really. “I’m saying, you’re too idealistic, Steve Rogers. You’re not the alpha this omega needs. Yeah, you can make his life nice and kind now, but it
Another customer walked in, and Clint pushed it to the back of his mind and turned to face the newcomer.
They stopped and turned, Clint in the middle of saying, “Look, we were gonna tell him, we can just tell him tomorrow—”
“That’s all I know for sure,” Tony said, and then it seemed like he realized that wasn’t a great answer, or a good one, because he bit his lip and looked down.
…Saark was a Jedi Knight. A grown being. He knew his mind, and knew what he was getting into. He knew Ste-Virn had a way to track him. He trusted that Ste-Virn would be able to follow him and get the evidence that was needed in order to shut down this company, and stamp out much of the whole operation.
Stane looked at him, and for a moment, a split second, Steve saw the calculated businessman underneath, the person who clearly thought of Tony as dollar signs and investments into business mergers. “But of course, he’s been special all his life! I suppose he’s probably managed to do well for himself in the military. He always had a way about wrapping people around his whims, after all. It sometimes takes a bit to be firm with omegas, I know. It’s very easy to want them to be happy and satisfied, and there’s been many an alpha that went head-forward into that trap. I always say it’s important to remember the roles granted us by orientation. There’s just some things that omegas are better at than alphas, and there’s just some things that alphas are better at than omegas.”
He might not be as skilled at the delicate parts of the Force, not as good at reading the signs of the universe, but blunt force? Brute strength?
Those golden brown eyes flashed, almost glowed, and Saark suddenly held himself entirely still. Ste-Virn wasn’t quite sure why, or what was happening, but he could feel something in the Force, something important.
Steve looked at her hand, at the white knuckles, and then slowly raised his eyes to meet hers. She met his gaze unflinchingly, even as he could smell the nervousness and anxiety coming off of her.
Steve opened the café door, trying to find a way to say casually, ‘oh, by the way, I’m also Captain America—the guy you think hates you, the guy you said was only special because your dad made him special, you know, that guy? Yeah, that’s me.’ How did you do that? It had been terrifying to admit to Tony that he needed help, but Tony had already… been vulnerable, if that made sense. It was something he could do, could say. It was something he could easily respond to, and respond with. But to just, out of the blue, admit that for three months they’d been talking and Tony had been talking to his entire team of Avengers, just not dressed up?
Ste-Virn, who had been simply reveling in holding hands together to get lunch, started out of his reverie. “I’m sorry? What?”
“Mr. Stane, I believe there may have been a slight mix-up. Tony’s absolutely brilliant, has been utterly useful. Fixed our security systems, improved our pack house, build many small upgrades for our armor and our equipment. I think you’ll find that we’re all very fond of Tony,” Steve tried.
It was a comfort, and he let his posture relax. “I wouldn’t treat her like that. Do you know her name, then?”
“I apologize,” Ste-Virn said, keeping his voice modulated and calm. “I was distracted. Let’s head to my quarters, and discuss the case further?”
But Saark was mildly famous. Not well-known—no Jedi Knight was—but Saark did come from a fairly prominent family, and was currently the head of one of the largest technological companies. A silent head—Jedi gave up worldly attachments for the most part, so Saark was a silent partner. But Ste-Virn was always aware of Saark’s higher status—for all that it had been Ste-Virn who had stayed the longest time with his parents, they had been simple farmers and he only remembered them vaguely. Saark’s family had given him up when he was barely seven months old, but they sent care packages, and one of their good family friends was a Senator who was always around the Jedi temple and took a personal interest in Saark’s growth and learning. It had been something Ste-Virn had resented, something Ste-Virn had held against Saark while they were both young.
With a sigh, Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “Fine. You cook, I guess. I’ll… finish setting up the shop.”
Ste-Virn let out a long sigh. On an unsecured line like this, where the pilots could notice his transmission and most likely listen in with some mid-level tech, he couldn’t tell the real problem—that it felt like Saark wasn’t respecting his years of experience, and it was throwing him off-kilter now just like it had back when they were in the same quarters, Saark questioning Ste-Virn’s abilities and skills and throwing his natural talent in Ste-Virn’s face the whole time.
(Tony ended up coming the next morning, after a restless, practically sleepless night, and the morning after that, and the morning after that…)
“All I’m saying,” Natasha said softly, “is that no one knows you’re Captain America, here. No one will judge you. If anything, they expect coffee shops to be a little eccentric and strange, and no one will blink twice if you
Saark was curiously blank-looking, and once he was done speaking, he bowed and left. It left Ste-Virn feeling… unsettled.
The Jedi Masters nodded, and then Master Yoda turned to Saark, who had stood still while Ste-Virn had presented. “And you? Your findings, you have?”
Opening his eyes, he moved towards his left, to the smaller junkyard, and vaulted the fence easily. No real security cameras—couldn’t feel that hum of electricity that always buzzed against his skin when he was looking for those devices—but there were some big, hulking animals that came up to his shoulder. Animals, however, were his specialty; it was quick work to reach for the beast’s simple minds and project calmness, and trustworthiness.
Clint wasn’t exactly the sharpest crayon in the box—but he saw everything. It was his whole deal, what defined him and made him who he was.
“Is there a reason why he’s here? I know Howard Stark. I know enough about this century to know that Gregory Stark built Howard’s empire up even higher. Tony shouldn’t have needed to join the army for money, so his presence here means either bored rich kid or something is very wrong with Stark Industries—which isn’t evident at all in the news and information I can see in the news.”
“You had your master die, trying to save the life of your best friend—a friend who would lose his arm, and then choose to enter the Corps instead of remain as a Padawan. You needed stability,” Saark said, and while it was true, it wasn’t something Ste-Virn liked to hear laid out in cold, hard words and truths. But he had to trust that Saark was going somewhere with this, that there was a reason to this, so he held his tongue and waited.
, but didn’t change the fact that Ste-Virn had built his trust and worked his cover in with these people over a long period of time, and he didn’t want to chance it when there was a surefire in with the two pilots who were wary and suspicious of outsiders.
“But of course, we’d be paying you double, because we are two beings now instead of one,” Ste-Virn said easily and quickly. “And Toron is Ailish—they don’t need large quarters to nest down in for a sleep-cycle.”
Then Ste-Virn was on his feet in a flash, dashing out of the quarters, onto the street, frantically looking around. Saark could not be suggesting this. He could not—
“Ah, no,” Steve replied, looking between him and Rumlow. “You can claim any empty room. Natasha and Clint have already picked out their rooms—did you, Sharon?” he asked, turning to her.
Saark lifted an eyebrow at him, but then shook his head and seemed to put aside what he was about to say. Instead, he nodded at the door. “Am I invited in?” he asked.
didn’t know who Steve was. Rolling his eyes, Steve turned to case the house. “Steve,” he answered as he left. “Call me Steve. We’re going to be seeing a lot of each other, after all.”
“Yer a damnfool agri-herder, that’s what you are,” Byu-Kyonn muttered. “See he’s Anotoni now, not Saark. Good ta hear yer gettin’ along an’ found a real connection, now that he might be dead’r somethin’.”
“Yeah, well,” Tony murmured, following behind Steve as they made their way to the elevator that had sunk them down into the basement. It pulled them back into the security room on the first floor, and Tony exited first—and nearly walked face-first into Sharon Carter.
“Do you want it to be?” Tony replied absently. There was flour, and sugar. Baking powder. Cocoa powder. Not a lot, but enough. A few eggs and some milk, too. Cream.
“Ah, Tony, my boy! It’s been so long since I saw you! Your alpha was so kind as to let me visit with you, and I must say, you are a sight for sore eyes. Look at how much you’ve grown!”
“Yeah, mostly,” Tony sighed. “Leaving out the fact that I was supposed to join up with an Air Force team that Rhodey picked for me. But I think Obie’s money pulled some strings, because I went into a general pool, and bounced a few teams before landing at SHIELD.”
The cat licked its lips, then stropped against Steve’s face, tail curling under Steve’s nose. Heaving a sigh, Steve stood up and made his way to the parking lot, Tony riding on his shoulder.
“But it’s got nothing to do with you, if that makes sense. You’ve seen Tony, and you know what kind of unit he came from previously.”
because the fucking psychos had the rotting corpses as well—it had been… a lot. Instead, he cleared his throat. He’d bring it up to Natasha and Steve later, that Tony wouldn’t appreciate the fact that they all knew him, but he didn’t know that they literally worked together in the Avengers.
—honestly, for most people he’s very different and difficult to deal with—and so the juxtaposition is frustrating. The easiest thing to do right now is to just listen to Clint interact with him, see how it goes, and maybe just leave him alone. Tony Stark is very different from Howard Stark—and while I may not know that personally, I know enough from Colonel Fury’s rants that they are
could he be?! He talked to them, he knew them, he had thought Steve looked suspiciously like Captain America but also he knew that there were a lot of buff guys with blond hair, and Captain America was all serious, he wasn’t a doofus like Steve—
“Anyway, I thought Carter would be here by now, but I guess she got held up at SHIELD. She should be in soon, but I’ve set the alarms. Do you want to take first watch?”
bad at admitting they needed help—but then he let out a sigh. “Fine,” Steve said wearily. “If he comes around… just let him know.”
He threw on the hot water, and that was the best, the best thing of this damn new century, this horrific, terrible, wonderful world, there was so much at your fingertips, and he shoved his hands under the hot water, trying to stop from shivering.
It was barely anything. It was Ste-Virn’s jealousy. He knew that now, realized it when he spoke with…
Oh, but there was that odd stereotype that omegas weren’t supposed to have bad language, wasn’t there? Something like that.
An incoming commlink call had him scrambling to pull it out of the scattered, messy cockpit—the result of many spent days in one place as he trailed after his target. Finally locating the comm, he clicked it on. “Hello?”
Fury refused to say whether he could or could not punish Tony’s previous team. Fury didn’t always tell the truth, if he was worried that the team wouldn’t take the information well. Fury lied, sometimes.
bunk, I didn’t feel like supervising him. He’s flighty enough. Young, too—sure I’ve heard some rumors about him being more than a handful, and I didn’t want to deal with that. I guess you can take that room, then—Rogers, right?”
Tony pulled his shirt on, still not meeting their eyes, and Steve really wished that Tony would be a bit more definitive about the fact that Steve had not in fact taken advantage of Tony. Still, it was clear that Tony was working himself up to saying something, and Steve had literally just said that he shouldn’t be overbearing or assume what Tony needed or wanted.
and he didn’t want to subject anyone else to that horrible pastry. Before Steve could reach out and grab him, he darted around behind the counter and into the kitchen.
He took Stane’s hand forcefully, squeezed, just once, just strong enough to make Stane wince visibly, and then he turned and exited the conference room, made his way to the elevator, and managed to make it out the door before swearing up a storm, fumbling with his phone as he sought to get Natasha or Clint on the line.
Steve tried not to look at the collarbones, thin and almost delicate, and the dark skin mottled with tiny marks—and no few bruises suspiciously in the shape of teeth marks—and instead fought to meet those dark, whiskey-brown eyes that looked more than a little fearful and wary.
Tony let out a weak chuckle and turned his face to press his bruised cheek against the leather. Clint tried not to wince at how that must feel. “Yeah, I guess everyone knows what a fuck-up Iron Man is, huh?”
Ste-Virn walked past the practice courts, their training master of old’s voice ringing out, and shame hit him. He was being petty, and angry, and it would not be helpful to the poor people they were trying to save. He stopped in the middle of the hallway, ignoring the younglings that walked past, chattering, streaming out from the practice courts.
“Yes, the smuggler’s end. We’ve tracked a lot of so-called shipments between Outer Rim planets, a lot of little hideaways where kidnapped beings were transported for… many different tasks, most very horrible, but the majority of them were going to spice mines, or to feed into the misery that lives around the spice mines.”
horrific method of controlling omega’s voices was a mechanism called ‘obridle,’ an iron contraption that slid over the lower half of the mouth and pinned the tongue down.
“What? No—” Steve said awkwardly, reaching down and catching Tony’s elbow. “No, come sit at the table with Natasha. That’s another one of the alphas that will be on the team, Natasha Romanoff. Have you heard of her? And that’s Clint Barton, another alpha.”
Ste-Virn had never been in that picture, even though he had shared the same quarters and supposedly shared Jedi Kulsi as a mentor.
Reflexively, Tony grasped at the mug, but he laughed again, and it was a hopeless sound. “If not me, who? Who saw all that? Who can prepare for that? Who can walk up to their government and say, ‘yes, there is a literal alien invasion force that could be called up in a matter of
Abruptly, he turned and fully entered his quarters. His commlink was secured—and besides, he was calling a member of the ExplorCorps, which would hardly be out of character for their cover—and so he keyed in a very familiar code.
However, Clint—when attacking the Helicarrier under mind control—had never been close enough to Stark for Stark to get a good look at him. When they had all joined up, they had all been in their suits—and Clint’s suit, to protect his eyes and ears (his hearing aids, specifically), had goggles and a mask that distorted his features. It was entirely possible that Tony Stark did not recognize that this was a SHIELD safehouse. Well, it was an actual café and bakery, but it was staffed almost entirely by SHIELD agents that were trying to lay low or who were on mandatory paid leave (like Clint and Natasha, specifically).
Tony looked up, and he tried, he tried to make his eyes stop watering, tried to be in control, but this was so sudden, absolutely devastated, because he heard, he
Steve Rogers had his shoulders hunched, his head down, and he knew what it was like, with everyone staring. He hated people staring at him, Tony knew, he knew because he had had a lot of talks with Steve, but Steve could have been lying—
Steve and Natasha jumped, Steve throwing himself back against the window and Natasha setting off the horn of the car. “Clint!” Steve chastised, before the words processed. “Wait, what?”
That startled a laugh out of Anotoni, which devolved into a giggling fit. When he started hiccupping, Ste-Virn sighed. “Let me go find those detox pills. We need to flush the spell all the way out.”
Again, that startled bark of laughter—as if Stark wasn’t used to laughing. “Yeah, it would be an insult, wouldn’t it? A walking anachronism. Hell of a shot, though. Smartass bastard. Okay, I won’t pry. Unlikely he’d be hiding out in a café of all places, anyway.”
Clint took one and sat down. “We don’t we just get that robot? That, um, that Iron Man? That appeared like, four years ago?”
He needed to tell Tony who he really was, especially since he was finding him a therapist. How he’d manage to do so, he had no clue. But he had to figure it out.
Tony slowly took the offered pillow and blanket, and then retreated to the foot of the bed and the trunk.
A soft weight pressed against his thigh, and Steve turned to see a small cat, elegant, dark brown with darker spots, almost like tiger markings, pressing its head against his side. He shifted to make room, and the cat leapt up, light and gentle, into Steve’s lap before climbing—with sharp claws—up Steve’s chest and to Steve’s shoulder.
Clint continued, but Steve wasn’t focused on that, wasn’t focused on anything except Tony in his arms,
It looked like the omega was desperately biting down on his own lip, to the point that it looked painful. Nerves? But this wouldn’t have been the first place Tony would have been assigned, surely? He looked very young, but they couldn’t have possibly taken an omega straight out of Basic and attached them to a
Ste-Virn… knew he complained, to his friends, that everyone had an Anotoni Saark story, that everyone had done something with Anotoni Saark. He didn’t realize it classified as
The stairs in the front had him pass by Natasha and Barton again, both talking quietly with one another, closer and more relaxed than he’d ever seen Natasha before. He averted his eyes and made his way up the stairs.
“Well, I think Carter will be the first to show up; she’s closest and not on assignment that I know of. Banner and Thor are wild cards; we don’t really know when Thor will come, and Banner is under control from SHIELD and will need special permission to leave that close supervision. Rumlow is on assignment, and at best he’ll be back within a few days. He might be longer than that, though.”
“So the moral is, the Jedi Council is a meddling matchmaker committee,” Rhodey (whose real name was Rhdernerssdurndt, so everyone just called him Rhodey) mutter-growled, his powerful form looming over many students as the five of them walked together to the cafeteria.
“Anyway. I just. I couldn’t stay. They wanted dad to build some of the big ticket things, the really bad bombs. The ones that could decimate a city the size of… Los Angeles. Houston. Something like that. Just—obliterate it. No nuclear fallout, so no worry about long-lasting impacts, and bio-bombs that would just lay waste entirely to… anyway. Anyway, they, um. They had me. To make dad listen. And I was—I am an omega, so they weren’t, they didn’t, it wasn’t… that bad. But they had already attacked us with shrapnel bombs, and I was dying from that, and then when dad’s heart went out…
“And I—you helped me, so much, and there is—there were no lies between us. There was nothing that was not true.”
He shuffled his way down the pavement, hood up, sunglasses unnecessary at—fuck, at five in the morning—unnecessary except for the fact that he didn’t want to see anyone, didn’t want anyone to see him.
“He’s out there, and he was happy to meet with Clint, talk with Clint, but I couldn’t do anything—I didn’t know—I just—”
He opened the doors, because it was time to open them, and let in the first few customers. Business had actually picked up a lot, which was
Ste-Virn let out a weak laugh. “Yeah. You remember the kid I was stuck with for those nine months, until my new master?”
“I can’t sleep… at night. I lay in bed and I stare at the ceiling and wait until it’s marginally acceptable before I go for a run. I lost… someone. In the… war.”
“It seems to be their preferred method,” Saark said bitterly. “Lace food or drink with spice, and regularly keep the child docile and addicted. You won’t have a runaway if the runaway is an addict that wouldn’t risk missing a dose.”
“That’s not how it works, now. We’re not so desperate as to accept omegas into the rank and file of the forces. If we have a major war, and need to deploy, and lose many soldiers—then, maybe. But for now, there’s no draft, and no need for omega soldiers.”
A scrambler, then. Either that, or they had found the tracking device and had been using this to create a trap. Both were bad news, but a scrambler meant business as usual, so Ste-Virn was holding out hope that that was all it was.
“You probably didn’t, but they were primed to be suspicious anyway. And—I called a friend, while we were on the ship. Didn’t reveal anything, he knows the procedure when I call from that commlink, used nicknames that could be for anyone, and one that always could match my cover name, but… maybe that’s what put them off. It might… not have been you at all. I did not even think, because I had no reason to suspect, but if they were already suspicious my calling someone across the galaxy would have been the last branch for that krichi nest,” Ste-Virn said slowly, interrupting Saark.
“I think I have a high-society omega who is in a place he really shouldn’t be. Tony Stark? Descended from Howard Stark, back in the war. He’s not been treated right in his previous team. Was Rumlow a part of his former team?”
There was so much pain and suffering around, so many dark corners here. Anger and hatred and despair lingered like smudges on plasti-shield, but underneath it, there was one shining, bright, pure note.
“I know you were taken by your father to demonstrate weapons overseas. I know that you were captured, along with your father, and only you were rescued.” Natasha twisted fully in her seat so that it was easier for her to see Tony, her knees up on the driver’s seat so she was leaning against the back of the seat. Her eyes, though gentle with Tony, kept darting over to Steve, and that gaze was definitely
He had to trust that Saark would not get caught. That Saark had a true feeling from the Force, was guided more strongly by the invisible bonds of the universe than what Ste-Virn could feel and trust.
It hurt, but wasn’t that supposed to happen? If you really loved and cared, you set the other person free and let them be happy?
“Good, good, great to see you as well. I cannot thank you enough, Captain Rogers, I cannot thank you enough. Tony has always been a bit headstrong, a bit too wild, you know. Chose to join the military right out of college. Shouldn’t even have joined college, if you think about it, eh? Certainly his degree isn’t any use in the
Clint would be the first to admit he didn’t understand the adversarial relationship between Tony and Steve, but it worked for them, and Steve was both more engaged in the present day and more settled nowadays than he had been back when they’d all been banished to this safe-house. Tony had been good for him, in many ways, and getting to interact with people regularly who had no idea Steve was, well,
As an adult, Ste-Virn could understand that he and Saark had both been hurting, had both needed a Jedi Master, and that Jedi Kulsi had been a temporary replacement for their masters. Even though they had both gone on to other masters—in fact, Ste-Virn had been taking in by Jedi Master S’m W’Lsinn, a member of the Jedi Council—at the time, as a child hurting from the death of a friend, and his master, and the loss of limb his other friend had suffered, and the feelings of betrayal, he had not been willing to share Jedi Kulsi with the star of the Jedi Temple. When Saark had actually excelled at connecting with Jedi Kulsi? When Jedi Kulsi had clearly interacted well with Saark?
Steve narrowed his eyes at the small phone in his hand, and carefully clicked it off and putting it into his pocket instead of slamming it down in the manner he really wanted.
“Well, he seemed to have a great time,” Clint muttered. “I’m gonna keep an eye on him, and Rumlow. Don’t want them interacting too much.”
Clint shrugged, trying to look as innocent as possible. “He just wanted some coffee, Natasha. He didn’t recognize me. The whole point of the goggles and shit is to keep people from recognizing us, right?”
They were ushered to a car, which drove them even further from New York City, almost to Albany, to a small little city called Coxsackie. They weren’t living in the city proper; more on the outskirts, with a three-story house and a wide yard that opened up into the woods. Better, Steve supposed, for those that needed the space to run and move.
“Good. Steve, you’re going to carry me to the living room. Brock, you’re going to follow. You two are going to sit nice next to one another and let me nap on your legs and you’re going to watch NASCAR until you can say sorry to each other.”
Sharon followed him into the kitchen and sat down at the table, even as Natasha poked her head in to grab a set of keys from a set of hooks on the wall.
Master Kulsi squinted at the machinery for a long moment before looking up at Anotoni. “You risked your life for the slimmest chance of return. You could have turned in a report, talked this out with your partner, but you always rush things, always jump right in. You have to realize that we Jedi are cooperative, not combative.”
first thought hadn’t been to join the military, except that so many lives were being lost and Steve felt like he needed to do something to help.
They’d get this sorted. They were a team, after all, and they were going to fucking act like it if it killed Clint to do.
, are those the chocolate-banana-peanut-butter cookies you usually sell out of so fast in the morning?!”
“Well, if they didn’t grab your clothes, you’ll just need to stay in cat form until we get back to the house. I don’t want you to have to be naked around them just because they didn’t remember to do that,” Steve said.
like an animal, even if it made him feel safe, and then something small and tiny was tentatively scooting closer and closer to Steve’s side. Steve’s eyes popped open to see Tony—terrified, nervous, and so tense it looked like he might snap Tony—was nervously crawling closer on the bed, under the covers.
That didn’t really set Steve’s mind at ease, but at least Rumlow wasn’t someone who had mistreated Tony in his old team.
“Clint did,” Natasha agreed. “Before we move on—Steve, you have to realize, you have to be… understanding of Tony. And that Tony’s not exactly in a great place right now.”
Saark stepped forward, reaching into his own robes to pull out his holoprojector. Multiple faces—all young, all youths at or below Ste-Virn’s and Saark’s own ages—flashed across, looping through at least twenty different faces.
“He also had a grieving interim Padawan, one I had looked up to and admired before becoming a Padawan, and one that the Council thought needed someone to look after in the way you and Byu-Kyonn had looked after one another but could no longer do.”
Anotoni continued mumbling to himself, and Ste-Virn tried not to worry about how badly he seemed to be reacting to the drugs. Unless they’d just given him a dose? Maybe his biology reacted differently to it?
It was way after dinner, and Natasha and Clint had taken Tony upstairs as they were settling in. Tony seemed more comfortable and open with Natasha than Clint or Steve, and Steve could be thankful for that at least.
“—and he’s making me think he doesn’t have the freedom to look into it, so he expects us to be looking into all of this and figuring out what happened,” Steve finished.
Clint paused, because that was… that was two months ago and a bit, that was a while back, and Tony had
was a science) at the café for a good… oh, almost two months now, wasn’t it? Two months, and he’d given Clint and Steve and Natasha some sharp looks, but he never seemed to really question their identities. On the one hand, that was great, because Clint didn’t really want to be in the spotlight. It was easy, with Tony, to fall into discussing the latest episode of Dog Cops or the newest movie out, or talk about Star Trek. Clint didn’t have to feel emotions in a certain way. He didn’t have to be sad and guilty and remorseful and penitent and whatever the hell else he felt as expectations all the time from every SHIELD agent that passed through this safe-house.
Director Fury’s eye narrowed at him (well, maybe eyes—who could tell, with the eye-patch?) as he continued as if Steve hadn’t spoken, “Since we need a mix of reassuring-the-public as well as heavy hitters, I’m going to give you Rumlow, Banner, and our envoy from Asgard. You’ll also have Barton, Carter, and Romanoff.”
Wincing, Barton waved a hand. “It’s nothing—just a difference of opinion!” he called out, but his eyes stayed focused on Steve.
“Well, not the same time,” Ste-Virn said, because quibbling about technicalities was the only way he could really respond to such a drastic, whiplash change of subject. What had brought this on? He couldn’t see a connection, but Saark was feeling his way through his words as if he was trying to choose the ones that
It wasn’t like he could just sleep downstairs, let the omega have the room. That would be very obvious that he was trying to avoid Tony, which was both rude and unlikely to be taken the same way he meant it—all throughout dinner, though Tony had slowly come out of his shell and ventured opinions and observations, he kept his eye on Steve the whole time. He had remained intimately aware of where Steve was, what Steve was doing, and where Steve was moving at any given moment. It was both mildly amazing and upsetting at the same time.
She sipped on her mimosa and considered the positivity that being in the café, speaking with one another regularly, doing more with one another, had led to. Oh, it wasn’t all the café, and a professional psychologist was better than talking to one another, but for sure having that support system had helped.
Natasha didn’t blink at being called sweetie, just blinked bemusedly down at the tray overflowing with cookies in her hands—as behind her, the doors opened, and another, random person came in with a tray full of… mini cakes?
Clint waved a hand negligently. “He was just genuinely looking for some coffee. He doesn’t know what this place is, and he doesn’t recognize me without the whole mask and goggles shit. You had a whole helmet on, he probably won’t recognize you.”
So when Natasha came to collect him, he was in a foul mood. Wisely, when she realized it, she didn’t say anything at all, let him stalk alongside her, frowning, as they made their way to the transport plane that would drop them off on SHIELD headquarters in the city.
Below. Anotoni was below him, somewhere. An underground chamber, though how to reach it was a different matter. Sewers? There was dampness, and wetness, but it wasn’t a stench or a scent at all. Just… wet.
Steve smiled politely, putting his hand out and letting Obadiah Stane pump it up and down vigorously. He hated alphas that did that, tried to make a show of force for no other reason than that they could. Still, it was in fact the guardian of his team’s omega, so he would play nice and show this guardian that his omega was treated well and cared for by the team. Though he had to admit, seeing Obadiah Stane up close, hearing the way he spoke... He was having second, hell,
on their payroll, but that they could convince to sign up for this—are going to be here in this house. We will have a jet assigned to us so we can travel across the U.S. to respond, and SHIELD’s been working with the UN to get us approved to do early interventions in other countries.
The door was open, even if the lights were off. Tony stopped in the center of the dimly lit shop and wrapped one arm around the chest, beat a rapid-fire temp against the center of his chest with his free hand, trying to ground himself. “You guys aren’t open.”
Those big eyes moved between them, and from the slight tinge of color against the green skin Ste-Virn could tell the money was the deciding factor when Orcantuur grunted and said, “Double, then. And we have a small storage room you can use.”
“I hope Natasha or Clint grabbed your clothes. I hope you didn’t strip anywhere in public,” Steve muttered. “Fury’s pissed enough about the property damage from the last fight, he won’t like it if there was more bad press out there. Clint waving his dick around would be traumatizing, I would assume.”
It still felt like giving up, and Steve made it his goal to try and figure out to how to interact with Stark as soon as possible.
But she wanted to tell Pepper first—because she could guess that Tony, once told, would tell his best friends, and she didn’t want Pepper to hear it from someone else.
He choked, scrubbed at his eyes with the back of his hand, tried to steady his breathing, his heart. His shaking hands.
It was a lot of information—thorough, very good, very detailed information that would help Ste-Virn immensely in tracking down at least two of the people he’d been chasing.
“Okay, if we’re going to do this, let’s do this,” Tony agreed. “Let me get a shirt. Don’t want to walk around with my nips out, after all.”
He could remember, vividly, after his master had died and he was first being introduced to Jedi Kulsi, and how he’d strove to appear mature and capable. He wanted a master, a mentor. He wanted to be a Jedi more than anything else, and with his old master’s death… he was grieving, but he also did not want to let others share in his pain. His master had believed in him when no one else had. Ste-Virn had nearly not been picked to be a Padawan, had nearly lost his chance to be a Jedi, until Ab’Ram Skine had looked at the skinny, twig-like twelve year old child—someone identified as Jedi late in his life, almost four years old, and someone who had struggled to maintain his connection to the Force at the same level as his peers—and seen something worthwhile.
Ste-Virn pushed on, determined to get a plan in place and get the mission completed as quickly as possible. He’d been doing fine forgetting that Saark existed, and keeping his distance and the peace, and the sooner they could return to that, the better.
The taller one grunted and boarded the ship. The smaller one tapped his digits against his leg before shaking his head slowly. “We did not prepare for two. I’m afraid I can’t accommodate another guest. The pay is not worth it.”
“Where are your clothes?” Steve croaked after a moment of staring, open-mouthed and flabbergasted at the naked young man.
“I would like to apologize, Tony,” Natasha said, turning around in her seat so she could meet the cat’s eyes. “Steve asked me to look into you, to see why Fury had assigned you to us, and once I hit your guardian I did not do a thorough job of researching him and his behaviors and mannerisms. Today was because of—”
“But those are just excuses. We should have told you. We didn’t. But we liked getting to know you. Who else is going to make Natasha smile, or make Clint laugh hysterically? Who else is going to… help me open up the shop, talk with me about how fucking stupid politicians are?”
Clint looked up from the espresso machine and did his absolute best not to show any reaction on his face.
, he felt he couldn’t be begrudged the chance to calm his thoughts so that when he did enter the chambers, he was tranquil and accepting.
—said conversationally. “I just know Clint and Sharon hate it, and so I put it on whenever they’re around.”
He’d tell Steve, when Steve was healed enough to come down. Oh, speaking of which, he ought to take the food up to Steve before a random SHIELD agent stole from the plate he made up.
“Though at least, I suppose, the military is more respectable than simply sliding through the various bedrooms of his professors. I told his father, Gregory—I told him to keep an eye on little Tony, that he would be a handful. Bless the man’s heart, he wanted to let Tony do whatever he wanted, especially after his mother died. Couldn’t say no, and give Tony an inch and he’ll take a mile. I’m sure you’re no stranger to that, right?”
“If that’s not why you’re mad… are you mad that I said that about you in public? I mean… I got to be honest, I know I can’t tell you what to do with your body and I want you to be comfortable, but I’m also possessive as shit and you know that. I would be very unhappy if paparazzi decided to take pictures and plaster that all around everywhere. That’s just shitty.”
Tony, who had somehow taken it upon himself to stick close to Steve since last night—which was both embarrassing and also a little pleasing—looked around the security system and servers, eyes far away.
Steve Rogers stared at the water and soap suds and wondered if he was, perhaps, in a very strange level of hell.
What was Fury trying to hide? What was he trying to keep, by holding Tony Stark to military service only the poor omegas or omegas trying to escape their lives ever did?
But Anotoni steamrolled right over his words. “He didn’t know about the plan, and just like I had a bad feeling on our plane with our pilots, I had a feeling about where our case needed to go next. I needed Ste-Virn to trust me—and he did. He followed me, and saved me and all these other people. So there’s no need to be upset at him. Master. Jedi Knight.”
Groaning, Steve turned to the bags that were on the ground—food items, a lot of those chips and snacks that he’d seen other SHIELD agents eating in the mess hall, and some real nice ingredients—and focused on putting the food away.
Sharon smiled back, and Steve wondered just what (who) they were talking about, but decided to focus instead on getting the mixing bowls out. A nice batch of muffins would be great. He had a lot of cookbooks—he had liked cooking before the war, even with the few ingredients he could gather up, but now there was just so much, so many things to try.
“My master smiled. I will never forget that. He put a hand on my head and said, teasing, that I was very small for a Padawan, after all, and that we might be rescued soon in any case. I could tell he was lying.” Now, Saark’s breath caught, his voice roughened. “Well. I could tell he was lying about the rescue. He knew what his fate would be, and he placed me in the bay, and sealed it.”
If he pushed any farther, he’d push Stark away—he wanted Stark to come back, he realized very suddenly. He wanted to know what was bothering Stark, and why wasn’t anyone taking care of the civilian that had been caught up in all this. He was having a shitty time dealing with what he did, and he was an agent with access to therapists who understood the necessity of his job and worked with it, and with him.
“Well, I know that I was not as patient as an older student should have been with a younger one,” Ste-Virn conceded.
a prodigy, after all. Ste-Virn could even think that now with minimal jealousy, that the Force came so easily to Saark and Ste-Virn had taken years to master what Saark had grasped quickly.
—poor SHIELD was going to have to figure out how to handle this when they finally left this safe-house, and Clint didn’t envy them that position at all—and had to explain that they didn’t have any of their baked goods today, just coffee.
“It’s not!” Barton whisper-yelled at him. “It’s not out of context, but it’s also not what SHIELD stands for! We know Army, Navy, hell, the Air Force—all of them use their omegas hard and expect certain behaviors, but SHIELD is outside that structure. Our omegas aren’t something that we get a lot of, and we know that.
Everyone knew Anotoni Saark. Everyone had a story. Everyone, that is, except the person who had actively shared quarters with Saark for nine months.
Tony must have taken his words in a different manner, because he sighed heavily. “Yeah, turns out Obadiah was the one who told them to capture us, because he was upset about some deal my dad had turned down? I didn’t look into it too closely; once I figured out that it was Obadiah, I didn’t want to give him another chance. I just got out as quickly as I could.”
“You never—not once did I see any indication. You kept away from me while we were preparing for our Trials, you never tried to reconnect. Seven years, we were apart from one another. Forgive me if this seems—”
But he was a terrible cook. He always had been—Bucky had been the one to manage to make something tasty out of half-rotted vegetables and hard, week-old bread. He’d been the one to keep them fed while they lived in the same apartment, and Steve had done the dishes and kept the place clean, and they’d had a good life, sharing an apartment. Until the war, and Bucky left, and Steve… changed.
Fists clenched against his side, he stood in the center of the quarters, and for the first time allowed himself to think,
Steve smiled softly. “Well, we’ll find out soon enough, I imagine,” he said, rounding the corner to the parking garage and looking at the small car they had taken here. In the front seat was a towheaded Clint, scrunched over, and Natasha was talking to him from the driver’s seat.
Gritting his teeth, Ste-Virn tucked his datapad away and moved to the shadows. Once he was sure he was hidden from all but the most thorough of observers, he sank into his meditation pose, closing his eyes and blocking out the world from his physical senses.
Fury grunted. “I don’t have anything else right now except that. I don’t have proof. I’m not going to try and get involved until I get all the dominoes lined up perfectly. If there’s one thing I’ve learned as I’ve climbed through the years, it’s that if you have all your Is dotted and your Ts crossed, it’s not like anyone can get mad at you. So I’m not going to do anything until I’m sure that everything will fall out in the most favorable way I can make.”
, but it was disconcerting to be called to the chambers. Especially now, when he was so close to wrapping up one of the most involved cases he’d ever worked on in his short time as a Jedi Master.
Again, Master Kulsi opened his mouth as if to respond, but Anotoni quickly continued, “Also, I have this,” he said, reaching up to his ear and pulling off the mechanical contraption. “I used it to document everything that happened to me. I am sure I saw the head of Indenaturing Mining telling our captors to pick up very specific… request. For a being.”
“The best, I swear. Don’t know how Fury pulled this, but I’m glad I got called for this. You know, they were thinking of Blonsky here, and Morse, but I’m glad I’m here.”
“You didn’t have anyone to help you, or care for you,” Steve muttered, the tips of his ears red because he knew, he
Tony looked even tinier, for some reason, squishing himself to the side and out of the way, and Steve searched for a way to include him in the conversation, but before he could come up with anything Tony said quickly, “I’ll go see Ms. Romanoff, see if she’s ready to go.” Without waiting, he ducked out of the room and disappeared.
“Of course!” Ste-Virn said, but Master Kulsi was already standing and moving over to one desk that seemed marginally less busy than the others.
If he couldn’t see Tony, Tony’s breed must be small—maybe not even a wild cat, but something domesticated. It was entirely possible, especially since Tony was an omega. Omegas rarely shifted into truly wild animals, and often into smaller, lighter versions of the truly wild species.
Sharon’s eyes narrowed. “I didn’t know you were pulled for this team, Rumlow. I didn’t even know you were back from your mission. You shouldn’t have been back, actually—I know you were on a STRIKE team and that team is still deployed.”
Stark’s eyes had lit up when he’d seen Clint, and while he didn’t approach the counter, when Steve went back to get what Clint had asked for, he stepped back up. Clint greeted Stark with a smile, the two of them laughing.
. He’s clearly upset. I need to show him that I’m sorry for not respecting his boundaries and for assuming I knew better than him in regards to his own life.”
There was nothing in Rumlow’s voice to suggest that he thought Steve was overreacting. Only resigned and weary acceptance.
Tony and Steve stared at one another, eyes locked, and finally Tony dropped his gaze. “I—I’m fine, alpha.”
He sighed deeply and rubbed the back of his neck. “Go ahead and contact this Obadiah Stane, set up a meeting in New York City at Stark Industries’ offices.”
that had been involved previously, but for the past two weeks nothing had happened. No one had shown their face.
That… made sense. Was a shock, and the Council must have gravely mistaken what Ste-Virn’s reaction to Saark and what Saark’s reaction to Ste-Virn would have been, but that made sense.
,” Byu-Kyonn growled. “There’s some level o’ innerference in th’ signal. That’s all I can get. Y’ won’t be able to find him, specific’lly, down ta coordinates, but a general radius. Okay?”
Tony’s brown eyes jumped over to Steve’s, nothing but betrayal and hurt in them, and he turned on his heel and walked out of the room.
Ste-Virn dashed back up the stairs, fumbling with his datapad as he quickly keyed in the tracker’s code. It lit up, streets away, moving quickly and with purpose.
“I was. I was, and I’d love to kiss you, now that you know who I am. I didn’t want anything hidden between us, not until—until.”
In his mind, he could still see the tousled brown hair falling over delicate features—face bowed, so he didn’t know exactly the facial structure beyond an upturned nose. He could trace the vertebrae down the delicate spine, small scars marring dusky skin. He could see the faint outline of ribs, the carefully folded arms behind the omega’s back, the feet up and proper in the kneeling position. The small, soft cock nestled between carefully trimmed black hair—black hair that was so fine and small that it was almost unnoticeable on legs and arms, and none on the chest from what Steve could see. The delicate, almost overly intricate collar around the neck, blocking the bonding glands from an overly enthusiastic partner.
Stark tapped his fingers nervously against the plastic cup, weighing Clint and clearly torn about what to do. “Well,” he said slowly, seeming to feel his way through the words. “I guess I could bury this business if you do sell information about me on the street.”
At the top, Slysstar stood, his hulking frame somewhat diminished by clear hunger and poverty. “I’ll show you to your quarters,” he said in a deep baritone. “You are not to go poking around the ship.”
“You’re absolutely right, of course,” Director Fury said easily enough. “Why is why we’ll be outfitting you with team quarters on the ground. SHIELD has some safe houses scattered about NYC; we’ll repurpose one for you and your team’s needs, with the understanding that Banner remains on the grounds of the safehouse at all times.”
didn’t even get to agree to this plan. Anotoni dumped his trauma on me, then ran out the door. And the last words he said… he was asking me to trust him.”
Then she stood in the middle of her room and forced herself into stillness, remembering the Red Room, the punishments for any display of anger (of emotion of any kind, really, but anger was always the worst one to show). She slowed her breathing deliberately, forced her heart to slow down, calm down.
“Talking things out didn’t work all those years ago, why would it fix things now?” Ste-Virn snapped. “Talking never seems to matter, to you.”
She tried not to fidget when Pepper finally came, and did her best to be forthright. To explain, that she had never meant to trick Pepper, never meant to upset or anger her, and that she hoped they could still… see one another.
“Just because you’re scared he’ll realize you were Natalie in his company and spying on him doesn’t mean you get to avoid him. He thinks we don’t like him!”
Tony nodded, still not looking up. “He’s a great friend. I know him… I met him in MIT. He was… is… a good friend.”
“Makes you grateful that we were raised here, yeah?” Saark said, really striving to match Ste-Virn’s pace.
“Okay, wait, wait—you became Iron Man. You, what, hid it somehow? How? How did you get access to that technology? I know you have a company, but you don’t take money from the company. I know you can’t access the company, and if Stane was trying to get you back—”
Stark flinched again, and dropped his eyes. “It wasn’t just me,” he muttered, but there was a quiver in his voice that gave Clint the confirmation he needed—it was something about that battle that was giving Stark nightmares and trouble. What kind of nightmares, and what trouble—remained to be seen.
(Steve had wanted it to be a surprise but he also had the attention span of a goldfish and had absolutely forgotten about it after talking about his
It was shameful, how long it took Ste-Virn to puzzle through what Saark had been saying, what he had been implying. What Saark’s plan was.
Then it was a matter of finding the most recent tracks, and identifying the manhole cover that led to a drain.
“We were going to tell you yesterday. We wanted—at first, it was a safe-house, it wasn’t something we could just give away, and then it took a while to warm up, and then…”
Steve made his way up to the third floor, passing Clint as he exited the bathroom. He explained the taking of shifts—not that he thought that someone would really
Steve jerked awake, breathing hard, shuddering, and Tony’s light fingers brushed over his hair. “You’re okay, Steve, it’s fine. I’m here.”
Steve sat up in bed, eyes shifting to meet the dimness of the room until he picked out Tony, curled up on the floor, looking like a child with his knees pulled up to his chest.
He was an idiot. A moron. He bet they had been laughing at him so much, just making fun of the whiny rich boy—
“This seems like a disaster waiting to happen. I’m trained in fieldwork with team members, as is Romanoff—”
Steve immediately felt his heart pick up at the thought of having to deal with people—people with different slang, different expressions, different ways of dressing and behaving and greeting—and licked his lips. “I’d—I’m good right now,” he said.
He did not have a lot of time. Those that could walk, he urged up, gave them concrete goals and another prisoner to help pull to the boat. He moved back to Anotoni’s side, but by that time a slight young being was helping prop up Anotoni, and so Ste-Virn gritted his teeth and moved past the instinctive need to care for Anotoni to instead look after other, worse off beings.
Pepper wasn’t resentful, that Natasha was projecting how she would feel on Pepper, but it didn’t change the fact that Natasha still felt that way.
, you know—do you know what I mean? Why are you—you can speak to me. You can answer me. Unconditionally.”
“Didn’t mean to be late,” Tony said, voice slurred. He smelled like he’d been drinking, but also had that sour-sweat stench of fear on him. “Couldn’t sleep.”
“Look, you guys know—or can guess—what my last team wanted from their omega,” Tony said, voice bored and uninterested. “I didn’t know it wouldn’t be the same with you guys, so I figured if I offered first I would… I dunno, have some control over it. Some say. In any case. Yeah, I just—how much do you know about my dad’s… death?”
If Steve didn’t think about how Tony clearly was waiting for some repercussions and expected to be treated badly, he might even take exception to that.
, there were people with cell phones, and yeah, New Yorkers ignored a lot of shit but this was celebrity gossip and there were paparazzi—
Steve hummed to himself. “Honestly? Yeah, I think you deserved that. You talked disrespectfully about her, about the omega, and walked in as if you were top alpha. You’re not. I am. In fact, I’d even put her higher than you, because I’ve worked with her more often and I trust her more than I do you. I’m not going to try to pull alpha shit unless you try it first.”
That was… a good question. He knew Rumlow, just from the work they had done together on different missions, and he was certain that Rumlow was out on a mission. He wouldn’t be around for a few more days at the least, a few weeks at the most. Banner, however, would need special permission to exit SHIELD’s tender care, and Thor was off-world.
“Did Clint shift with him?” Steve asked, looking around. He knew Tony was a cat, but he didn’t see a cat around—even when looking up at the tree, at the branches, he couldn’t see a cat anywhere. It wasn’t exactly proper to shift in public, but it also wasn’t as if anyone would get arrested, especially if they didn’t bother other people and didn’t make a show of walking up to others. And this
happen very often. We’ll have more downtime than we know what to do with. This kind of heavy-hitting team, it’s not something you can loan to the local law enforcement or set to doing crossing guard duty. And we don’t even have quarters, not really, because Banner isn’t allowed on the Helicarriers and the prince is definitely going to be ill-used to quarters up here.”
Tony smiled and walked back into the kitchen. It was—okay, it had hurt. It had hurt a lot. But Steve was a determined fucker, and Natasha was so awkwardly bad at actually trying to connect for real instead of as a spy, and Clint was just really easy to get along with, they were both the same kind of asshole and they
. You don’t interact with me. Force knows you talk to everyone and anyone else, but not me. You can’t pretend like I know your methods and know what you’re best at.”
Well, that was true enough, at least. Enforced closeness created the necessary ties that made mediocre teams amazing and fostered trust and support. However—“Eight people, sir? You only mentioned six, with myself as the seventh.”
“Do I ever,” Byu-Kyonn chuckled, voice sparking. “A little hlel, if I remember. Wouldn’t stop snipin’ at you, or you at him.”
“I have to admit, I have researched you, and your cases. You became a Jedi Master only about seven months ago, or so, and most of your cases have not been as involved as this. Nevertheless, those cases show your level of dedication and skill, and investment. I knew that if we worked together, we could solve this issue quickly. However, I did not explain myself well, and for that I apologize.”
. You didn’t get checked over in medical, you didn’t have anyone to make sure you were okay—” Natasha began.
“You can’t tell me that you didn’t notice we were doing… better with one another, before you ran off on your own?” Ste-Virn pointed out.
Steve weighed options. He didn’t want Tony to go. He also wanted Tony to have options—options he was realizing that Tony, as someone contracted to take care of this team, didn’t really have. He wanted Tony to choose him, yes, but he wanted it to be a real choice, not the best choice of a bad lot.
He always strove to emulate his first and second Jedi Masters. The both of them had never so much as blinked, regardless of what the universe threw at them.
Tony began shifting, and both Steve and Natasha immediately averted their eyes. Clint, busy tying his shoes in the front seat, didn’t say anything at all.
Steve let out a sigh—and he sounded like someone, the sigh pinging something in the back of Tony’s memory—before saying, “Alright, follow me.”
“In the Gaulus sector of the Outer Rim territories, many high-ranking officials have seen their children disappearing, and ransom notes being delivered to the family homes. When the ransom is paid promptly, the child is returned within a standard week—when the ransom is delayed, when negotiation happens, when the slightest disruption to prompt, quick payment takes place, the child is never seen again. The officials that have gone to authorities have often then received digits and pieces of their children, or artifacts unique specifically to their child, and so it has become almost common knowledge that if your child is taken you pay the ransom and continue about with your life. However, a desperate family contacted me because they knew my nest group and hoped that I would ensure their child’s safe return, because the family was in financial difficulty and did not have the money to pay the ransom in full. My research and investigation has shown that all these children have been in contact with certain unsavory types—two of which were seen in Jedi Ste-Virn’s presentation. These ransoms do not seem to have a pattern I can discern—there is no one familial group or clan that appears to be safe from the threat of kidnapping.”
He turned to stalk towards his quarters, and Saark stayed on his heels. “If we don’t talk this out—”
“One of them?” Clint parroted, doing his absolute best to keep his tone level and his pulse steady. It wasn’t too hard—Clint was an operative, a successful one, and he knew how to keep his cool even in the most circumspect interrogations.
The two of them remained there, Anotoni standing and swaying, Ste-Virn sitting, before Ste-Virn snapped out of it and quickly patted the bench. “Sit down, you look like you’re about to fall over,” he said.
Rumlow started to tense up, fingers catching in Tony’s hair, and Tony gave a little grumble at the movement. Slowly, Rumlow forced himself to relax, even as he clenched his free hand into a fist.
But. Terrible cook. So here he was, doing the job he could remember doing smaller, slighter, fingers rough with the soap and water as he scrubbed and set to dry.
That poverty and rejection was showcased here, in the pilot and first mate that were scrawny, hard characters.
Natasha frowned, and her hands almost visibly twitched towards the weapons she was not supposed to have on her while she was in the actual business part of the café (who was he kidding, all of them had weapons nearby, that was why they were here—their inability to stand down out of hypervigilance and their trauma). She moved to the door, and Clint wondered who had managed to track SHIELD down to this random-ass café. There were other, bigger, more likely to be found safe-houses. This was a joke, and SHIELD knew it—they sent rookies here, or experienced agents who were being punished for
Steve nearly decided to back out. He hadn’t gotten on well with Stark during the whole alien thing, and that was with Stark clearly showing knowledge about the project that had given Steve the serum. Not that Stark knew his name—he seemed limited to just general knowledge, or at least he hoped so—but it had rubbed Steve wrong that this Stark could be so similar and so different from the Howard Stark Steve could remember. Everything he’d seen about Stark…
Topping off the extravagant and syrupy drink with a mound of whipped cream, sprinkling it with the salt and drizzling it with the caramel sauce, Clint stepped out from behind the counter and placed the drink in front of Stark.
matters!” Saark insisted, going up to the doors of Ste-Virn’s quarters—where Ste-Virn stopped, back to Saark, blocking Saark from entering his quarters as he tried to move past what Saark had just said.
Closing his eyes, balancing as best he could without putting undue weight on his ankle, he placed his hands upright before him, elbows slightly bent, and curved his fingers as he reached through the Force. Did it swing out, or swing in, or slide in a direction? He felt as best he could to get a feel for it, and then he breathed in deep, exhaled hard.
Or, he could trust that Anotoni had gathered enough evidence, and prioritize rescuing whoever was in that hidden room.
He scrambled to find a bag or something to put Mrs. Qasim’s five cookies in, and then scrambled to find some place to
. He knows exactly how to behave so as not to upset an alpha, to wait for nonverbal cues, all of that shit!”
into SHIELD—they were selected carefully. SHIELD was a government organization inside another government organization, and most people who made their way into SHIELD had all initially thought they had joined up for the special forces. SHIELD worked in places the U.S. government didn’t have full permission to operate, and did things that were not, strictly, the jurisdiction of the U.S. government. They collaborated with others—the CIA, the Marines, the FBI, even the rank and file of the Army—but when push came to shove they recognized none of those as authority. From what Steve could understand, SHIELD was funded almost entirely through slush fund money that was “a buffer” amount supposed to be used in case some catastrophe or the other struck. SHIELD had formed after World War II, after the effectiveness of the Howling Commandos and the idea of enhanced soldiers being an actual weapon on the world stage.
“Sudden?” Ste-Virn laughed self-deprecatingly. “You know that transmission I sent, that probably alerted the Rodians to our presence and purpose? I was calling my friend, Byu-Kyonn, and asking him about how you and I were like in the past, and he immediately replied that my crush was obvious to him, but it was good I didn’t… approach you, while we were still children.”
Tony tsked, stretching his arms up and locking them around Steve’s neck, even as he tilted his head to the side. It bared the space behind his ear, the musk there, and Rumlow and Steve’s eyes dilated as both of them suddenly focused on the omega entirely. “Just two cavemen, fighting over everything. Brock, you like NASCAR, yeah?”
(Steve had waited until Tony left yesterday, then closed the café, ripped out the kitchen and built it, and had not slept until everything was installed and built up and
Then the doors opened, and in came a short, bird-like humanoid male. Large brown eyes blinked like reptiles’ eyes, side to side over the slit-pupils, and the standard dark brown Jedi robes swished around the slight frame. The humanoid was about a head shorter than Ste-Virn, skin a dusty brown gleam under the warm lights. The brown hair was shaggy and almost feathered around pointed ears and a slender neck. Slender, strong, four-fingered hands rested against the belt, and a small white scar marred one arched eyebrow.
Swallowing hard, he lifted the cover and began to descend the ladder, letting the Force gently move the lid so that it made no sound lifting or lowering again. He kept his eyes closed—it would be pitch-dark anyway; there had been no lights or illumination he could see when peering down—and instead focused on Anotoni’s energy. It was dim, certainly nowhere near the level or amount that Anotoni normally gave off.
“Because Natasha is an accomplished spy and who I send in to read a situation to tell me how to move,” Steve growled, even as he could hear footsteps approaching.
“You went to Knight Kulsi for stability, because Knight Kulsi was well-known for his morals and fortitude. He knew what was right, and fought for it, and he knew what was wrong. I thought I had been sent to Knight Kulsi for him to judge me, based on those morals. But I realized later, as an adult, underneath my new master, that Knight Kulsi was not stability for me, but familiarity. He was a close friend of my previous master’s, and someone I knew well.
“Nah, I get it man,” Clint said easily, shifting to fully face Steve. “It isn’t that hard, and most people who come in to a place like this that isn’t widely known and that doesn’t have great food are really only looking for a caffeine fix. Oh, and Stark.”
“My name is Steve Rogers, the head alpha of this team. Did Fury tell you anything about your role here, or your position?”
They needed to tell Tony. Hell, she needed to tell Pepper. That was what this was, after all, and why Natasha was nervous when she showed up and Pepper was running late. Normally, she knew Pepper would run a little late, and that was fine.
“I… like you, Anotoni. I have for a while. I always admired you, and when you were taken and there were times I couldn’t find you… I cannot promise you forever, but I can promise you for as long as I can. I would like to be in a relationship with you,” Ste-Virn said all in a rush, struggling to get the words out.
“I kept to my cover,” Saark said, voice tight, level, almost wire-thin. “I said nothing suspicious—”
Without waiting to see any confirmation, Steve about-faced and closed the door behind him—as he hadn’t even moved out of the doorway yet—and leaned against the door.
to him. He had spent the entire trip to Rodia stressing that his contacts did not like new people, did not listen to many people at all, and the entire time, Saark had countered by saying that people loved him, that he was especially keen on picking up nonverbal language and emotions, which was
Tony stared at Steve, and then looked around until he saw the sign. Without a word, he walked over to the closet that had been converted into the cooler.
Swallowing hard and steeling his resolve, Steve turned around and faced the door. Cautiously, he opened the door and looked around.
and ask that he be transferred out of this team. He knew Rumlow’s skills, knew that Rumlow could sometimes go toe to toe with Steve in terms of power and strength. Rumlow didn’t seem to feel pain, and he was an absolute bull-headed attacker in a fight, a definite asset. But overall… not someone Steve felt should deal with potential, literal conflicts with superpowered individuals that could literally blow up if you breathed wrong.
Pity, and empathy, welled in Ste-Virn as he remembered, long, long back, when he had looked at his bleeding best friend and then at his master who had been fighting Byu-Kyonn’s master, a Sith lord revealed. He had made the decision that day to take Byu-Kyonn to medical authorities, instead of staying and aiding his master.
Barton also seemed to respond to it, taking a step back, shoulders dropping. Natasha’s head poked around the corner.
He couldn’t focus on that now. Instead, he got to the end of the ladder and stood before the branching pathway before turning left and began to walk.
Bruised, bloodied, and with one sprained ankle, Ste-Virn stood panting over the last of the guards. More reinforcements would be coming, he knew, but for right now, there was no one standing between him and the prisoners being kept in the back.
Natasha tried not to feel guilty. She didn’t need to, she knew she didn’t, but the fact that she actually saw Tony regularly and Pepper had been desperately trying to get Tony to go to a therapist and only now decided to—
He walked up the gangplank and Saark turned to Ste-Virn. “They look desperate. And I hope you’re not draining our accounts just to add me on—negotiating is—”
Saark was going to sneak aboard one of the ships they suspected were stopping over here before traveling elsewhere. They had suspicions but no hard proof, and whenever they tried to subtly ascertain the cargo, through outright trespassing to subtle nudges to people who would know, they were stonewalled or blocked. Someone was expecting them, someone knew they were here, but they knew that shipping lanes ran in particular paths for a reason. The traffickers wouldn’t deviate from this planet because this planet wouldn’t ask questions about a ship restocking food supplies well beyond the standard amount, wouldn’t notice if a few more of the poor and impoverished disappeared (and they
“What that means,” Steve concluded as they reached the bottom of the stairs, bypassing the second floor to make their way to the kitchen and common area, “is essentially we’ll be around the area a lot unless there’s a specific need. That many alphas in one small house is a recipe for disaster, though, which is why you’re assigned to help keep the peace.”
With a booming, extremely fake laugh, Stane sat down at the head of the conference room table, gesturing for Steve to sit down as well. “Well, of course you’d be fond of him! Keeps your dicks nice and warm, I’d assume, and hopefully puts that mouth to better use than what he’s normally doing. Got to say, maybe the military at least did that, put some manners into him. Keep him respectful and proper, yeah? Always had a smart answer for everything, I remember. Do you know, I offered for my son to court him? Offered him the best, I did, everything I could do. Still turned his nose up at him, and multiple other sons of very important people. Would’ve kept him in the same lifestyle, even let him play with his toys, design if he wanted to. Not a lot of people would allow that, an omega playing at being a weapons-maker! But no, too smart by half.”
of the Jedi Masters were revealing anything—and after a few heartbeats, he returned Ste-Virn’s nod. “You have been putting a lot of hours into this case. You’ve been prompt in your paperwork, and we’re very impressed on how thorough you’ve been. You’re on the verge of uncovering the network of slavers as well as their connection to the shipping company and mining company these slives have been selling to. However, after much consideration, we’ve decided to assign another Jedi to your case.”
Once out of the elevator, Tony immediately went for the wet bar, pouring himself an overly generous serving.
For a moment, it looked like Steve was going to be stubborn about it—he was bad at admitting he needed help, but then again, they were
Clint paused, cheeks full like a chipmunk’s, and he lifted one eyebrow at Steve before swallowing. “Do you think that’s gonna go over well?”
Steve could not help himself, not with all the willpower in the world. He reached out and scooped Tony up and pulled him into Steve’s lap, burying his nose into Tony’s hair.
Ste-Virn remembered that, vaguely, as a headline that had not painted Saark in a good light, but also had not bothered him overmuch. He had only recently lost his master, and was trying to keep Byu-Kyonn from falling into a depressive state. He was trying to keep himself together.
But Saark’s eyes were far away, unseeing, almost hazy. A glow burned from within them—the Force, and Ste-Virn tried to process that but the words were anathema to hear. A Padawan, killing their master? It was—unthinkable. Untenable.
Steve sighed and looked around the room for a long minute, casting his eyes for anything that could help him.
want to pet my hair and give me a shoulder massage, Brock?” Tony said, voice so dejected that Steve was—was
If an omega wanted to provide their services to the army in exchange for lucrative contracts and high pay, who was Steve to tell them no? It certainly wasn’t as if he hadn’t made questionable or even monetarily motivated choices before.
Across the galaxy, Byu-Kyonn sighed, static hissing in the deep breath. “Yer right. An’ b’fore y’ say what I know yer goin’ ta say next, you were both more’r less at th’ same skill level, even if he was ‘bout four years younger’n you. Still, bein’ four years younger means he ‘ad less practice an’ control over ‘is emotions than someone with that maturity. It woulda been—”
Jedi Knight Filliph Kulsi was a nondescript humanoid that easily blended in with his environment. He was, in some ways, the spy master of the Jedi Order—and he had been the only nearby Jedi Knight who could take on a Padawan when Ste-Virn’s Jedi Knight Master died.
Barton looked at Steve, one eyebrow raised, and Steve shrugged uncomfortably under the judging gaze.
The store was silent for a bit, just movement in the back, and Tony was beginning to stand up to leave when something—jazz? It sounded like jazz—came on the shop speakers, soft but present, and then Steve was back with a hot steaming cup of—
It was—it wasn’t fireworks, that was false advertising, it didn’t ever work out that way—but it was like coming home. It was warmth, a hug, a closeness that Tony had been craving but hadn’t been sure Steve had really meant.
And he didn’t want to do that. He didn’t want to force Tony to take him, to like him. He didn’t want Tony to obey him, or worship him.
But then the omega squared his shoulders and bowed his head before standing up. His feet were bare, and his fingers were twitching nervously against his side.
If there was a way to call this off, Steve would. As it was, he was clenching the table enough that he knew he was leaving grooves in it where his fingers were. “I assure, Mr. Stane, Tony has done more for us with his ideas than the military has done for the past few months. We are all very protective of Tony. He’s become very special to us.”
been disappearing—that much Ste-Virn and Saark had been able to confirm), and wouldn’t care about anything unless the Republic made them care.
“The only thing, and I know it’s big, and I’m not trying to excuse it—but the only thing we lied about was our names. We love Iron Man. Iron Man has saved our asses more than once, has such a unique perspective and has helped us in so many ways, and maybe Iron Man had a lot of problems with the Avengers first, but it wasn’t like the Avengers were all that kind, or in all that great of a place.”
Currently, Saark was pacing the small quarters they were renting while here in Ryloth, Ste-Virn sitting on the couch where he slept because it was long enough for his tall body.
“Do I get a say in—choosing the omega? Sir?” Steve asked, trying not to sound as disapproving as he was, and make it obvious how much he disapproved of having an omega attached to the unit at all, especially when this would be a ceremonial team at best. How many alien invasions could the world expect, after all?
Both of them looked up to see a very pale, very shaky and sweaty Anotoni Saark, weaving a little on his feet, but his eyes feverish and intent.
“By all means, be my guest,” Steve said easily. “But I know Natasha wanted to go into town with you soon.”
know what type of cat Tony was, just had that light scent underneath that was the feline musk Steve was used to identifying cat shifters.
to hurry along Tony’s leaving, but at the same time, Tony was actually (for all that he was tiny) twenty-four, turning twenty-five in a few months. Two months, actually. Once Tony was twenty-five, he would be recognized as of age by the courts and his guardian would no longer have access to him. Right now, Tony’s guardian—this Obadiah Stane—had right to visit and see Tony, even during Tony’s military service, so long as he didn’t interfere with Tony’s service.
“I’m—I’m fine,” Steve stuttered out, forcing the words past his lips, twisting his voice to make the sounds necessary to soothe the omega, because this wasn’t the time, this wasn’t the point, he needed to get himself under control.
Anotoni had stilled all movement, eyes open wide, staring at Ste-Virn in what appeared to be shock. “You called me—by my first name.”
If caught, what would happen? Death, that would be the smartest, easiest way to deal with the problem. If they knew Saark was a Jedi, it might stay there hands momentarily but most likely not.
Standing up, eyes still closed, Ste-Virn made his way through the shadows, letting the Force guide his movements. The canals, but he needed something more to narrow it down. No smell of leather or cloth, so not one of the textile factories. There were also a few junkyards, and a couple of other warehouses for steel machinery.
“I will,” Steve said quietly. “But I also know that Fury probably already knows. Probably put him here so that he wasn’t with that other team that treated him badly.”
That seemed like an odd team, to say the least. None of them had ever worked with the others, at least not very regularly (excepting himself and Romanoff, or himself and Rumlow), and certainly most of them were lone players, dispatched to handle a job quietly and discreetly (or, in Banner’s case, as loudly and destructively as possible). The only one he could be marginally sure of was Romanoff, and she was very private. That, of course, didn’t even take into consideration the fact that all of the names listed for the team were alphas, and that was going to cause friction in and of itself. “Permission to speak freely, sir?”
Ste-Virn groped for anything he could say. “Some of the guards can and have identified slavers from my previous information gathered, saying that they made regular shipments. And Anotoni! Anotoni’s testimony of what happened—”
Natasha delicately shrugged, unbuckling the flight straps. “I don’t have to be okay with it, or not. I’m not team leader, you are, and I’m not the one with primary access and responsibility of the omega—you are.”
“It can’t be that bad, alpha. You didn’t even shout. You sat up and tripped your way into the bathroom,” Tony muttered, one hand coming to curve around Steve’s elbow.
prince of the realm and had actual duties to complete—he looked at Tony, said the word, “Tiny!” and that was how everyone realized that Tony’s height was
?” Ste-Virn yelped, jerking upright and banging his head on the low overhang above his bunk. Hissing, he rubbed his head and glowered at his commlink. “What are you talking about?”
Tony signed a rude sign at Clint, making Steve choke on air, and then he made his way over to one of the soft, squishy recliners. The recliner was right by the window, and even with all the skyscrapers and buildings around, weak sunlight trickled down and warmed the leather of the chair.
) something for Steve and Clint (and ‘Tasha, because even if she pretended she was aloof, she was a sucker for Tony’s baked goods) before the start of the day. Whatever leftovers were there, they sold in the store. People had started coming early in the morning just for a taste of the pastries, because Tony really was that good at it.
Fury had told him to come here and “acclimate to society,” as if Steve was a feral cat that needed to be tamed and brought inside. So here he was, and the absolute mundanity of the job was almost too terrible to comprehend.
“I don’t—no, I don’t know who’s at the safe house. Clint’s the one on-site, undoing any of the traps or safety measures, and he’ll receive whoever it is. But I know some of the names on the list, and I can think of a few that Director Fury may have thought would match our unit well.”
No, he had to lock those thoughts down. It was hard enough trying to get the boat moving in the direction he wanted it to.
There was a clatter, motion on Steve’s peripheral, but he didn’t move from his locked eyes with Rumlow, even when something wiggled between him and—
It didn’t take him long to catch up with them—they hadn’t left Central Park, and instead had turned to follow the length of the park, walking north on the opposite side of the MET. He skidded to a stop next to Natasha, trying not to look around too obviously for Tony.
Steve cut off, frustrated and furious at himself without really knowing why. After a few moments, Natasha craning her neck to frown out the window at Stark and Clint, she turned back to him and patted his shoulder. “My guess? He relates to your past, and so you want to connect, but he’s also
“You look like hell. And…” Clint trailed off, didn’t know if he should reveal that he’d been there, yesterday—for all six hours of the fighting, of the cataloging at the end (because of course they couldn’t just handcuff and arrest the smuggling ring, but they had to figure out if there were records of how much technology had passed through the way point, if there were records of sale, had to crate up the technology and make sure none disappeared, had to crate up the
He stood up and knocked on the table with his knuckles. “Well, you overpaid, so you’ve got an open tab now, you hear? I’d love to see you tomorrow. You got a line of credit, now. You don’t get to say no.”
, even, because at least Natasha has some weird fuckery with her genetics and her aging process is slowed and her healing process is increased. Clint and I? We have
Steve was knocked out of his spiraling worry by the quiet, almost quivering voice that sounded both confused and too young by far.
, and not a particularly likeable one at that (not like Bucky). Second, it felt like a part of his past that was accessible… only it really wasn’t. The files had been sealed, Howard’s son hadn’t recognized him for anything other than Captain America—him, who had worked hand in hand with Howard more than once, had relied on Howard more than once, and who, he had assumed, was the one who was looking for him nonstop. Supposedly, it was for the best. But it was just one more link to his past he was denied, one more loss he had to bear.
“Late, he is,” Master Yoda murmured—or, rather, said quietly. He had to know that Ste-Virn would have been able to hear him, so he wasn’t trying, really, to keep Ste-Virn from knowing that his new partner was late. It made Ste-Virn… suspicious.
Ste-Virn bit back his automatic, defensive retort. They were both on edge. They’d been trying to find any one of the traffickers,
So. The closer he walked towards Clint, the fainter now that scent was getting. And, looking at the tail, he could faintly make out that Clint was casting his nose around the ground and into the air, looking for something as well.
He wiggled down, compacting his broad and tall frame onto the narrow bunk, and stared up at the underside of the overhang—a storage compartment that normally would hold tools to fix the propulsion systems, but that was empty (he had looked when he had first entered his quarters).
He also couldn’t just force-bond with Tony. Not that he thought Tony would disagree—Tony was upsettingly agreeable when it came to being told to ‘behave like an omega’ and had nearly gotten into an actual shouting match with Steve when Steve had tried to explain how dangerous coming between him and Brock had been the day after that fight—but that he had a huge amount of power over Tony.
“You don’t have to, that’s the best part,” Clint laughed, handing Steve an apron. “All you have to do is make sure that he gets coffee and that he pays. He normally tips, like, a hundred on anything. Sometimes even more than that.”
Tony had noticeably stiffened when he heard Rumlow’s name, which didn’t bode well at all for the good of this team. Steve would have to contact Fury at the soonest opportunity, and see if Rumlow had been part of Tony’s old team. If that was true, it was highly unlikely that Steve could keep Rumlow on the team, regardless of assignments.
Rumlow licked his lips and Steve snarled, yanked Tony back a step as he retreated, pulling the omega away.
Rumlow let out a low, deep rumble—his bear form was no joke, and would be rough for Steve to put down, especially since Rumlow was enhanced just like Steve. Not as well, not perfectly, but he didn’t feel pain and had the stamina of, well, a bear.
She eyed him contemplatively before saying, “Do you not like washing the dishes? I thought you didn’t like doing the cooking.”
Saark let out a little whistling hiss, and automatically, Ste-Virn felt his shoulders squaring—he remembered that noise, and the sharp, cutting anger that it preceded.
Steve followed. He might as well; once they had eaten and he’d settled Tony down, he’d call Fury and get this sorted out.
Saark trotted at his side, chattering both at Ste-Virn and at others in the hallway, but when they came to Ste-Virn’s chambers he grew quiet and pensive. “You know, if I am talking too much, or bothering you, you can let me know,” he offered as Ste-Virn keyed in his personal code and entered the apartment.
Immediately, Tony turned towards her, face lighting up. “It’s ready? Great! Let’s go, alpha,” he offered, pulling Steve towards the kitchen.
“You mean, how’s my babysitting job going?” Natasha grumbled, phone pressed between her ear and shoulder as she folded her clothes in front of the dryer. The safe-house apartments were upstairs, over the café, and it wasn’t just her room, Clint’s room, and Steve’s room—it had a few other rooms. It was designed as a way-station of sorts—agents who were hurt on the job and on paid leave could still be useful, or make money, or even just relax in the rooms. If no one was willing to work in the café, SHIELD hired people to run it. There were still a few baristas who came in and out that Natasha ignored entirely.
Clint slammed into the counter and rattled it hard enough to make the other two people look up at him. Wincing, he rolled his shoulder and half-turned to see he’d misjudged the distance. “Ah. Well, nothing’s broken.” With that, he stepped back behind the counter—but when he turned, the door was already closing behind Tony Stark. Confused, he looked around, only to realize that the college kid had clearly recognized Stark and had whipped out their phone to snag a picture, or video. Who knew what.
“I thought you were honestly flirting with me,” Tony whispered, starting to pull away—and Steve grabbed his hands.
“Anyway. That reaction. Right there. I’ve never seen an omega have it so badly. Well, that’s not true—I’ve never seen
Both Natasha and Clint swiveled their heads towards Steve, eyes intense and anger-filled. Steve immediately realized how that sounded and went tomato-red,
So. So it seemed Stark didn’t realize that this was Clint Barton, the person whom he had called Legolas and Merida and had physically carried up buildings. But that was the purpose of the googles and mask—Clint would be a piss-poor spy and operative if his face was plastered around on television and for everyone—and so Clint didn’t feel so upset about it.
Clint nodded, and opened his mouth to answer when the front door opened and Natasha walked in, carrying a huge amounts of bags. Behind her, Tony walked in, and he was talking animatedly about… something mechanical, that’s all Steve could really get out, even as he put his bags on the floor and went to go open the door for her to the security room.
“I’d like to think we… know each other, by now. That we are equals, after all,” Ste-Virn tried, awkwardly.
Saark must have viewed that differently. He must have seen Ste-Virn in a different light than Ste-Virn had seen him.
Steve looked up in surprise. “Ah, no. If you’ve ever eaten any of my cooking, you’d never ask me that.”
Anotoni was… a prodigy. One of the youngest to come to the Jedi Temple for training, excelling in all his studies. As small younglings, Ste-Virn had not exactly…
“Yeah,” Steve sighed. “Just… let me know, if you notice something, and let Tony know that he doesn’t need to do anything he’s not comfortable with. He can tell me if something’s up or wrong.”
But there was no Tony this morning—just Steve, setting the counter up in slow, excruciating motions. Clint sighed.
Ste-Virn almost flinched—almost, he knew he caught himself before he actually did it, but it didn’t seem to matter as Master Yoda stirred in his chair.
Swallowing hard, Steve’s mind raced as Tony moved about the room, lifting the lid of his trunk and fiddling with something before closing it. Did he bring it up? Ignore it? Let Tony know that Steve was available if he wanted to talk?
“Yeah, but I’ve worked with him before. I know he’s a pain in the ass, but he’s also superhumanly pain resistant, which is in fact something we need if we suspect we’re going to be dealing with more unnatural threats like literal aliens,” Steve sighed. “Cupcake?”
“C’mon, I know ya. Th’ only one who mightta known ya better is Megarann. Y’ never, like, made a move or anythin’, an’ with his speech an’ behavior, I know why, but that doesn’t change that ya found ‘im attractive. Still do. Y’ pout that he does activities with every other young Jedi Knight ’cept you, y’ know that, right?”
Steve didn’t wait for him to finish his sentence, especially because of the clearly easy familiarity they shared and the scent of arousal that picked up in the air when Barton had seen Natasha, and Natasha had seen him. “Is the omega here? She settled in?”
Steve pressed a kiss to his temple as he took the chocolate chunk-cranberry cookies, and Tony felt… settled. Complete.
There was a long sigh, and then Fury grumbled under his breath. “No, Rumlow wasn’t a part of his former team. I had an idea about his previous team, but there’s not much I can do if there’s no formal report to have me look into it. His team broke apart—moved into different teams—and so he wasn’t needed for the three-team specialist and I was trying to find a place for him when your team was approved.”
He and Natasha both had stealth suits, body armor and hoods to hide their identities, and honestly, everyone had a different hood and protection. It was only Tony Stark that had declared his identity on live television.
“Oh, Mr. Coffee Man, I will buy five. Normally they are all sold out before I come! I am so happy today! Oh, they are so warm!
Stark sobered almost immediately, opening the straw and sticking it morosely into his over-caffeinated, over-sugared drink. “No. Honestly, I could stand to do with some forgetting.”
Maybe scared. Dernier had alluded, previously, that the men he had first been with had been harsh, using and abusing instead of treasuring and caring. Steve certainly knew of quite a few men he’d been on missions with previously that he would not want anywhere near an omega for longer than a few minutes, for sure. That might be it.
Rumlow didn’t stop rubbing his thumb over Tony’s shoulder, and then he sighed. “Alright. You make a good point.”
It was fairly decent—very spacious, with the chimney from downstairs running against one wall, an attached bathroom, closet, dresser, and a large television against one wall. This would be a very warm room, and he considered long and hard for a moment about taking this room instead—he always felt cold, and he always hated it—but the omega was probably already settled into the largest room, across the hallway, and he didn’t want to upset her. Him.
Master Windu narrowed his eyes at Saark, and at least some level of remorse and genuine respect entered Saark’s eyes. The relationship between the two of them was something akin to Jedi Master and Padawan, though Master Windu had never taken a Padawan in Ste-Virn’s recollection. “See to it that you cease to waste the Council’s time. Ste-Virn, you were going to present your findings?”
He learned that Clint became a brother to Tony in everything but blood, going from room to room with him and bringing Tony coffee, food, and fruits. (Tony had a thing about blueberries.) He learned that Sharon would specifically put on action movies with wildly inaccurate scenes just to watch Tony get increasingly more agitated until he blew up and began deriding the science and the feasibility. He also learned to be
Clint hitched one shoulder and let his grin go crooked. “That seems almost like an insult, there, buddy.”
Oddly, that made it easier to do. It was just words. Hard, painful words, but words—to someone who had helped Steve through so much already, all without realizing it.
Pepper nodded and rubbed the back of her neck. “That’s—okay. I only say this because he’s been—he’s been so much lighter, with me, with Rhodey. He’s taking care of himself and having fun baking and I just… I hate to see him lose that.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Byu-Kyonn sighed, and the commlink cut off as Ste-Virn’s datapad smoothed out and the fading signal pulsed, bright and clear, instead of flickering.
Walking back to his barracks, he forced himself to take a good look at his distaste for having an omega in their team. In some ways, he realized he was acting old-fashioned and over-protective—in a way that would have had Peggy decking him, super-serum or not. War wasn’t all that messier now than it was back when Steve had first joined up—it just felt like it was, with the multiple civilian casualties on any given day, the trauma and high-stress environment, and the lack of any real target.
Natasha paused on the stairs, glanced up at the sky, and did her absolute best not to swear at her boss in Russian.
It took a while before he finally ran into security measures—two beings standing guard before a darker niche in the hallway, and illumination on the walls that indicated frequent usage. Ste-Virn considered for a long moment. He could sneak in, and keep from alerting anyone about his existence and that they were on to them.
—fingers twitched against Steve’s arm, almost jerking away, and Steve turned his head to look at Tony—but the younger man’s face was smooth, and his fingers were once more resting lightly on Steve’s arm.
Steve lifted one shoulder. “We just get these orders, I unwrap them, set them on the tray, and put them in the display.”
—” Natasha and Steve said instantly, at the same time, as their eyes popped open and they both turned around.
to get an omega assigned to this team. Well, not even wanted in the sense that he was requesting Steve to go down to HR and fill out the necessary paperwork to request on omega—the presence of an omega was a forgone conclusion, by virtue of the fact that their team would have more than five alphas on call.
(It brought of memories of too-young men standing with their draft cards, finding their effects, writing letters to their parents…)
Sitting present in the Council today was Master Yoda, Master Windu, Master Sifo-Dyas, Master Eeth Koth, and Master Yaddle. The other members were not present, but having five of the twelve present was terrifying enough.
Steve opened his mouth, and then sighed. “She said I needed to get more… experience with being around people. And she’s—she’s right, I know she is, but—”
“Disaster of a strategy, really,” Tony mumbled. “You could be making twice as much money if you actually offered real nice food along with your real nice coffee. Maybe brighten this up. Too dark in here.” He yawned.
Saark bowed low, brow cocked to make mockery of his obeisance. “I’d be a poor Jedi indeed if I didn’t acknowledge my shortcomings and strive to become better,” he said piously.
