“I’m gonna kill him.” Tony mumbled, shaking his head. The last thing he needed was a yappy dog in the building.
Steve could hear Tony huffing and the rustling of the sheets. This was his chance. Steve made his way to the bedroom, quick long strides. He already lost enough time.
After a little more drinking and a little nap on one of the deck chairs by the upstairs pool, Tony made his way downstairs where the others were sitting on the sofa in the common room having dinner.
“That is gorgeous.” Bruce breathed.
It was like they changed roles. Tony was the voice of reason, suggesting forming a plan of action first, and Steve had turned into the impulsive, irresponsible hothead.
“That’s what he said.” Tony mumbled and earned an eyeroll from Bruce and a smirk from Clint.
“Darlin’ I just wanted to let you know I’ll be gone for a few days.”
The way his face lit up was just too sweet to disturb. Tony was just vividly describing how he made Steve eat dust when he caught Nat staring at him. Her intense gaze made Steve flinch a little and frown in confusion. She just rolled her eyes and her attention returned to Tony gesturing wildly like he always did when telling a story. A little awkwardly Steve excused himself and went upstairs to take a shower and freshen up.
Tony shook his head. “No.”
“What?” Steve asked, suddenly defensive.
Ten minutes later, Steve was sitting on an upturned bucket, watching Tony bang his fist against the door, cursing Natasha and promising her a slow and painful death if she didn’t unlock the door immediately. Steve meanwhile tried to get as much space between them as possible, which wasn’t much in this tiny room. Even standing at opposite sites of the closet, they were almost touching.
Not once had Steve asked Tony to help him with his search, he felt like that it was his job, his duty to find Bucky. Sure, they had talked about Bucky, more than once, Steve told him all about what happened on the helicarrier. Told him that Bucky seemed to remember him. Told him how he would do anything to get his friend back.
“Tony.” His voice barely more than a whisper.
Bucky was his responsibility.
Clint clapped his hands happily. “Okay, Bruce first!”
Clint himself wore an apron that looked like a French maid costume, Thor’s had flames on them, Nat’s depicted Wonder Woman and Steve’s said “Grumpy Old Man” on it, while Bruce’s was just plain black.
“Because that’s less cliché?” Tony asked.
Bruce just kept grinning. He knew exactly what it meant when Tony was rambling. And he never heard him ramble on like that before.
“As wonderful and touching as this is, if you keep squeezing my hand like this, Thor, it’s going to fall off.” Tony winced.
“What do you mean you sold your place?!”
So, he was sitting here instead, file in hand, bag at his feet, waiting. He didn’t want to wake Tony because Heavens knew that was a bad idea. The man slept little enough as it was.
Steve rolled his eyes so hard, Tony would be proud of him and put on his sunglasses. He walked over to one of the deck chairs with his book in hand and made himself comfortable.
“This can go one of two ways: either you sit down next to Steve and let him do his thing or I’m gonna make you.” Natasha had her arms crossed, a hint of provocation in her eyes.
Tony closed in a little more. “You have to. It’s in the rules.”
“You don’t understand!” Nat sat up and put her book down. “I did this. I hurt them. So, I need to fix it!” Her teeth were clenched, and she had that distant angry look on her face again. But this time it wasn’t because she was upset with Steve or anyone else, she was angry at herself. She was angry because Bruce was right: her meddling did cause more harm than good, and that was never her intention. She just wanted her friends to be happy and she knew that Steve and Tony could make each other happy. She needed to fix this. She needed them to be happy.
He put his hands up defensively, trying not to laugh. “Whoa calm down Natasha, I was going to offer my help.” It was adorable how upset Nat got about something so trivial and how her lips pursed, and eyebrows sunk low when she got angry.
“Get in. Now!”
“If you can tell me what blind baking is, you can stay here.”
Natasha smiled softly at the picture. They looked warm, comfortable and content. She looked at Bruce next to her who seemed a little nervous. She knew that he hated confined spaces, always afraid that something would trigger the Hulk and in a small space like this he could do a lot of damage.
“So?” Nat asked, eyebrow raised, eyes fixed on Steve, arms crossed, her tone challenging.
“Because I’m scared. I’m scared of what happens if he doesn’t feel the same and I’m scared of what happens if he does.”
Tony made his way over to the kitchen, where Bruce was already going through all the drawers and cabinets. “Tony, I think I’m in heaven.” Bruce didn’t even turn around, still roaming around in one of the cupboards. Clint meanwhile had his head stuck in the fridge, emerging with a huge grin and a box of doughnuts. “Hello there my pretties.”
It was hard to tell who was more in shock. Tony took off his sunglasses, raising an eyebrow at him, Steve and Natasha exchanged a concerned look. Clint had a shit eating grin plastered on his face. Since he usually was the only one allowed in the kitchen, he felt very privileged.
“Okay maybe the team needs a little rest, but I am good to go. It’s not like I could relax anyways.”
“This Soldier of Winter, he is your friend?” Thor asked, breaking the awkward silence.
Steve blinked a few times until his brain finally caught up with him and he quickly turned around. “Dear god.” He mumbled, shaking his head.
Clint blinked in surprised at Bruce’s outburst. “Yeah. What he said.” As much as he agreed with Natasha, that Tony and Steve should just finally get together, Bruce was right. All they achieved was upsetting three people, that were really dear to them and the last thing he wanted to do was make it worse.
“Wait how will we get to my place. I can’t drive.”
“That could be fun.” Tony put his bag down next to the bed and went to have a look in the minibar. Nothing like a little drink to start off a holiday. He poured himself a Scotch, took a sip and closed his eyes. “Perfect.”
Thankful for their leaving, Steve sat down next to Tony. “We still… haven’t talked about… us?”
Clint on the other hand seemed to have a death wish. No matter how many times he got kicked out of the kitchen, he always came back without fail. Whether he was just too damn stubborn to give up helping Bruce or just liked getting on the other man’s nerve, Clint refused to back down. Not even Nat could convince him to stop, and that meant something. After a few months of hearing every curse word in the English dictionary coming from the kitchen in the tower, something miraculous happened. Bruce seemed to finally let someone help him. The shouting became rarer and apart from the occasional swat on the back of Clint’s head with a kitchen towel there was no violence. That they saw.
After he left blonde guy, Tony had made his way straight to the hospital, leaving his own bookstore closed for the morning. That was the beauty of being your own boss, you could come and go as you pleased.
“You are!” He sounded way to smug and there was a sort of glee in his voice that Tony usually just knew from himself.
Another moment of silence.
But this was Steve.
“Quinjet is ready for you boys.” Natasha announced.
Tony knew that what Thor needed more than anything else right now, was to feel loved and wanted, so instead of pulling away, Tony wrapped his free arm around the other man, the other one still tugged beneath his head. They stayed like that for a little while longer, Tony drifting in and out of sleep, until someone came walking down the stairs into the small bedroom.
Shaking his head once more, Steve shied away from his touch. “I understand.”
Blond guy straightened himself and turned around in one movement and in doing so managed to splash some paint on himself as well as on Tony.
“So, you and Tasha?” Clint’s grin dropped and he put his sunglasses on.
“Just stress.” He told himself, climbing back into bed.
First it was just incoherent noises, those turned into moans. And Steve and Bruce thought it was hilarious and then… And then there was his name. Mumbled between soft moans, very quietly but Steve was sure he heard it. And by the look on Bruce’s face he had heard it too.
Thor looked over at him with a thankful smile. “Would you like to join? I’ve read on the Internets that this is a beach tradition.”
Steve reached for a stray strand of her hair, tugging it behind her ear. “Tasha.”
Steve took the bottle from her and placed her hand gently on his thigh. “Have you done this before?” Nat asked. Steve just briefly looked up at her and smiled before he started painting her nails. He knew Natasha loved to keep secrets but hated it when someone else did and it was way too much fun to tease her instead of admitting that it was in fact the first time, he painted someone’s nails.
Feeling Steve shift next to him, made Tony remember his own very messed up situation.
I will be taking off for a month but if you have any fic ideas, be it for longer stuff or just drables, just pop them in the comments and I will try to write something for you!
He and Steve made their way back down to the beach, when they heard shouting. Exchanging a brief glance, they sped up to see what the commotion was about.
Oh, Tony would be more than happy to change that for him.
Tony eventually had enough of losing against Clint and decided it was time to play a game he was good at. Poker.
Guided more by instinct than anything else Steve found Bucky’s apartment on the twentieth floor. By the sounds of it, or the lack thereof, the apartment was empty.
“He said that only real friends do that.” His answer was barely a whisper. “He also used some bad language words.”
“It’s times like this that I wish I carried a camera with me.” Clint’s voice rang. Tony rolled his eyes and lifted his head slightly to look at him, the movement waking up Thor.
“We are five dudes and Nat. Do you really want that?”
“Yes.”
The god thought for a moment before his face fell in shock and he looked at Tony. “Don’t tell Tony.”
For once in his life he didn’t know how to respond. No comeback. No witty remark. No cheesy one-liner. All Tony could do was stare up into Steve’s eyes, no longer brilliant blue but dark, pupils dilated to the fullest. Tony’s muscles were tense under Steve’s grip, his skin hot everywhere their bodies touched. And one place they didn’t touch.
Since they had returned from their little island holiday five months ago where he and Tony finally got together, Steve had slept a total of 10 nights in his room.
need to help him!” Steve seemed to be determined to antagonise everyone today.
The Team goes on a shopping trip, Clint is bored and a pillow fort brings everyone closer together.
“’S the time?”
Tony had his fist clasped firmly around the handles of his leather travel bag, avoiding Steve's eyes.
Steve crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes. “It’s on Banner. And you’re next.” He pointed his finger at Tony, who was still giggling.
Hearing her giggle from the kitchen, he stormed over to her, Thor and Tony right behind him. “You promised me no more meddling! You promised!”
Even if it was Steve.
Ten minutes later, Steve left the pet-store, his face not quite as red as Bruce’s was but still far from its normal colour.
“Have you talked yet?” He read out loud and couldn’t help but laugh. “You know Steve, we have very intrusive friends.”
Thor looked around, trying to figure out who made this incredible piece of work and Natasha winked at him. He almost fell over some of the other presents on his way over to Nat to pull her into a bear hug. “Thank you!”
Like a whirlwind Peter made his way to the back of the shop, his hair was a mess like usual and he seemed a little out of breath. “You never guess what happened today sir. So, you know this new girl in our school Shuri, she’s like a princess or something from a super small country like Genovia, you know from the Princess Diaries, but in Africa and she always knew she was a princess so maybe not like that at all, but anyways so she and Flash don’t get along at all, which isn’t really a surprise because, well, you know Flash and so he went up to her and said something but I didn’t hear what because I was talking to Ned in the hall, and did I tell you he got a Lego Deathstar and we’re gonna build that tomorrow evening, but anyway so Flash was being weird to Shuri even though we told him to cut it out and she was super calm while he talked trash and then suddenly BOOOOM she had like those super weird gloves on and Flash was lying on the floor and papers flew everywhere and I guess the gloves were like blaster things, you know, and it was so cool she just walked away from him like a total badass and everyone was speechless but it was awesome, well I guess not for Flash or for her because she had to go to the principal’s office and her brother, who is like a king or something, had to come and pick her up and he didn’t look very happy but Ned, MJ and I thought it was really awesome and before she left we asked her to be part of our study group and she said yes, so now I’m friends with a real princess, but she said if we call her a princess she will blast us like Flash, but I guess it isn’t too bad because he was barely hurt and those blasters are really awesome, it must be like a repulsor technology or something you know.”
After what seemed like hours, Strange was finally done and started to bandage up Tony’s wrist. “No strenuous work for at least two weeks, when you get home put an icepack on it for 30 minutes every four hours. Change the bandage twice a day and if the swelling isn’t gone in two days, I will have to give you anti-inflammatory painkillers, if you like it or not. Understood?”
Blond guy still had his back turned towards him and just as Tony was about to make his presence known, blond guy bend over to dip his brush into the paint bucket. No longer staring at blonde guy’s back, Tony’s eyes were no fixed on the most perfect ass he has ever seen.
It was always different with him. And that made him a little nervous. Tony was used to being in control over the things he did and felt. But this was neither the time nor the place to think about those sorts of things. This was the time to show Steve that he could keep up with him. “Let’s carry on. Or are you already giving up, old man?”
“Oh, I think I know why.” He shot her a quick glance, her silence indicating that she wanted him to go on. “I hurt Thor. I lashed out at Tony. I… messed up.”
This time Nat didn’t look at him, just kept walking by his side, seemingly taking in the scenery in front of them. They were surrounded by thick vegetation, fleshy green leaves, vines, flowers in shapes in colours Steve didn’t think possible and tree trunks so big that two men wouldn’t be able to span their arms around them. He made a mental note to come back some other time, so he could capture this beauty in his sketch book.
Tower, therefore it’s all of our home.” Tony was about to reply, but Bruce didn’t give him a chance to get going, holding up a second finger. “Second, Nat, next time you feel like pulling a prank and change the yogurt to mayonnaise you might wanna reconsider. And Tony, I would think twice when you are about to use my lab and leave it in such a state that I first have to clean up for two days!”
“Okay so does this mean we’re all friends again? And more importantly, can I have the coffee now?” Clint asked.
“But the surgery went well. The doctor said you were going to be alright.”
It went on like that for the better part of an hour until they finally admitted that they both were “the greatest warriors alive”, as Thor put it, and called it a truce.
Tony's POV
Tony huffed. “Come on Bruce, where’s the fun if no one gets naked?”
At that Tony couldn’t help himself but laugh as well. He knew May was right. But that didn’t mean he liked it. May and her bakery across the street had become a fixture in Tony’s life. After Afghanistan and the betrayal of one of the people closest to him, the thing Tony had needed the most was stability. True, all of this happened over three years ago, and he was doing much better now. He hadn’t had a drink in two years and his nightmares became less regular, yet he was still afraid of derailing again.
Bruce shook his head, still smiling. “Now you have to dare either Natasha or Clint to do something weird.”
According to the file, Bucky was in Bucharest in a small shitty apartment that reminded Steve so much of the first apartment he and Bucky had shared back in Brooklyn. Before the war. Before the serum. When things were easy.
Tony and Steve got lucky, pun probably not intended, with the two rooms at the top floor. Thor and Bruce ended up in the middle, while Nat and Clint got the rooms on the bottom floor. Not that any of the rooms weren’t nice, because they were, but the top ones had the best view over the whole bay.
Steve ran a hand over his face. He was tried and angry, but most of all he was disappointed.
Steve and Thor didn’t know either of the other movies making it absolutely impossible to decide. Eventually, they let fate take the reins, fate being a coin.
He had also listened to Steve returning and taking a shower. Meaning he had heard the shower run. Because it was right next to his room. It wasn’t like he had actively listened to Steve showering. That would be weird. And Tony wasn’t weird.
About three weeks into their little ritual, Steve overheard Natasha and Tony moan about how stupid the show was and so Steve made Thor promise to keep their nightly adventures a secret.
“The former owner was a Mrs. May Parker, no?”
After about 45 minutes Steve finally had mercy on Tony and slowed down. Tony was panting heavily, fighting for air. Steve turned around to check on him and couldn’t help himself but smile at the man in front of him. Tony’s hair was plastered against his moist forehead, his chest rapidly moving up and down, trying to get air into his lungs. “Alive?”
Thor nodded in encouragement.
There was still one present to be delivered. Steve stood up and handed the box over to Nat. “I hope you’ll like them.”
Taking all of this into consideration it was even more astonishing when Bruce came out onto the sundeck with a bunch of aprons in his hand. “We’re cooking.”
This fell into the latter category.
“That’s a good plan.” He mumbled to himself.
“Do not worry, I will take the Green Man upstairs.” Thor picked up Bruce, like he weighed nothing and disappeared up the stairs to their floor with him.
“How is any of this helpful, Nat?” Steve asked, rather impatiently. This whole situation frustrated him.
Tony’s mood lifted a considerably. “Thanks Clint! This is just what I need.” He was genuinely happy about it and would guard it as one of his most prized possession.
“How’s Peter?”
Somehow Steve had changed. And possibly not for the better.
“Tony?” Steve stood in the doorframe, file in one hand, bag in the other. Tony had his back turned towards the door, one leg poking out from under the blanket, hair sticking up in all directions. He looked adorable and Steve had to fight the impulse of just climbing back into bed with him.
“Ha! I do not think that the spider-woman can kill me. Not even in my sleep!” Thor declared proudly.
Steve nodded, but didn’t say anything.
Everyone seemed more than happy about spending the holidays together. All but Tony.
Tony’s laugh turned into a moan and he dropped the paper back onto the floor. Another knock sounded from the door, more urged this time.
By the third movie the only ones still watching were Clint himself and Thor. Natasha had fallen asleep with her head resting in Clint's lap and Bruce had disappeared into the kitchen to start cooking for the next day.
The lock was turned.
Steve actually looked a little guilty, which made Tony smile.
He was sitting on one of the sofas, drink in hand and looked out of the window out onto the ocean.
How could he do this to Steve?
On the drive into town he made sure to ride in the same car as him, sitting in the backseat, watching Tony drive. Naturally, he didn’t notice how exceptionally weird he looked, staring at Tony through the rear-view mirror.
“What?”
Tony hadn’t been able to sleep much that night and according to the footsteps and the mumbling coming from the room next to his, neither was Steve. Something was definitely up.
No. Bad thought process. Abort mission. Focus.
“You are together!” Thor declared happily.
“But I do.”
Just before landing Steve briefed them. “I will go in and talk to him, Sam you’re waiting on the roof opposite the building in case something goes wrong, keep your wings ready. Natasha, you stay in the jet and have it ready to go. Understood?”
“We were supposed to go running together. Remember?” Tony asked. Steve’s behaviour was starting to worry him.
“I think I might join you.” Tony slightly tilted his head, as if to ask if that would be okay.
Bruce tossed them each an apron and went back inside. “Kitchen. Now!”
Strange’s eyes crinkled at the corners and a low chuckle arose from deep inside his chest. “I didn’t you were that kind of guy.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve. He never backed down from a challenge and he was sure that was someday going to be his downfall. “Fine. Wake me up tomorrow morning and we’ll go.” Steve’s grin widened.
Ignoring him, Nat continued. “Then we take turns reading. If you have done the thing you drink and if you haven’t done it, you watch as the cool kids get wasted.”
“Can’t wait.” With that he turned around to go upstairs to go shower and get changed and Tony’s gaze automatically dropped down to Steve’s ass. He wouldn’t mind running after that.
Before Steve could answer Clint and Thor stormed back into the room, at least he thought it was them, since all that could be seen were two mountains of pillows and blankets with a pair of feet sicking out at the bottom.
Tony decided that blonde guy had some really weird friends.
“You’re an idiot.” She said matter of factly, not even looking at him. And really there was no point in arguing because for one thing there barely ever was a point in arguing with Nat and secondly, she was right. He was an idiot.
“Funny?”
“Thank you again for the great food Bruce. I don’t know what we would do without your cooking.”
Steve smiled at the words and in turn slung his arm around Thor’s middle. “And feast we did.”
“If you can guess what it is.”
The archer knew better than to argue with Nat, also they were on a mission tonight and teasing Bruce wasn’t part of it. Maybe he’d take some time to do it tomorrow.
It was already getting dark outside when they arrived back at the house, laden with shopping bags. Even though everyone had complained about going for a shopping trip in the morning, they had all found something for themselves.
But instead of flirting back or replying with a flirtatious comment there was just silence and more pacing.
Another thing they didn’t do was cooking with Bruce. The otherwise gentle and ever so patient man had on weak spot, well two if you count the Hulk, but even the Hulk seemed like a soft kitten compared to Bruce when someone was getting in his way in the kitchen. Nat and Tony had long given up even offering to help, yesterday’s onion-chopping attempt being an exception, since Bruce knew Tony needed a little distraction. They knew full well how absolutely useless they were when it came to cooking. Thor, Steve and Clint weren’t that smart. Thor always wanted to be involved in everything that was happening. He craved the feeling of community and because he had watched too many cooking shows, he assumed it was something friends did together for fun. And he would be right, if it weren’t for the fact that Gordon Ramsey was harmless and kind compared to Bruce. He liked getting things done a certain way and Thor wasn’t really one to follow strict orders. So, eventually he had given up offering his help in the kitchen.
“What?” Tony asked and sat up, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes.
Tony’s face lit up with almost manic joy, while Nat’s eyes were glistening with curiosity. Behind them Bruce, Clint and Thor got off the sofa as well, each of them grinning widely.
I'm sorry. I really am. Life has been crazy for the last few months. I finished my bachelors, my little brother married, I moved country, started my masters, until uni got suspended because of COVID-19 and now I'm stuck in Slovakia, because they just closed all borders, which sucks because my brother is leaving for Mail in two weeks (army) and I can't go to Germany to say goodbye to him.
“You are just afraid mine is bigger than yours.” Tony mumbled at Bruce, who just rolled his eyes in response.
Hope you enjoyed our favourite idiots not getting it on!
Steve thought. Direct and quick. But definitely not gentle and it hurt a little. Or a lot. That’s how he would describe Natasha right now.
“No, you’re not. We are a team and we do this as one.”
She grinned and kissed the god on the cheek. “You’re welcome.”
“I haven’t.” Steve admitted, as everyone else but him and Bruce drank.
The other one was a unicorn.
So, some part of Tony was scared. Scared that Steve would leave as soon as he had someone better to go to. Scared that if given the choice Steve would choose Bucky over him. It was incredibly selfish, and he knew that, but still couldn’t help himself.
“No, it’s not.”
Naturally they fought over who was staying in which room, not even Natasha’s threats could prevent that. Before anyone could get seriously hurt, more than they already were, Bruce made them pull straws.
Natasha looked almost impressed. “Not bad, Rogers.”
“The Hawkeye and I just took part in a mighty battle. Therefor we need sustenance!” Thor clarified.
Finally, the scene was over, and Steve was able to focus on the screen again, although most of the remaining plot was lost to him. It was just shapes and noises up until they were kissing. They were kissing and fighting and kissing again and all Steve could think about was kissing Tony and then the movie was over.
So, instead of going over to Tony, instead of apologizing or at least talking to him before they left, Steve barked at Natasha: “Romanoff, time to go,” and boarded the quinjet without looking back. He didn’t see Tony’s hurt expression, didn’t see Bruce putting a hand on his friend’s shoulder, didn’t see Tony storming down to his workshop. What he saw was the mission ahead of him, getting Bucky back home.
Tony took a seat in the back, arms crossed, jaw set. Nat sat up a little straighter, now certain that something was very wrong and not just there-is-a-new-baddie-in-town-wrong. She nudged Clint and before he could start to complain, Natasha raised her brow, nodding her head towards Tony.
“Because I’m always the one cleaning up your messes Tony.”
“Now, now Tony don’t be rude. Tell me, why does your son call you Mister Stark?”
Thor’s grin was almost too big for his face. “You look formidable, Captain.”
Tony only hesitated a second, opened his mouth to speak but instead shook his head and pushed the button to call the lift. The quiet 'Ping' announcing its arrival broke Steve's heart. Without another word from either of them the elevator doors slid closed and Tony was gone.
“Peter. Now let me see your hand so I can back to doing something worthwhile.” Strange examined Tony’s hand, making him flex and relax his fingers and rotate his wrist to assess the damage.
To break the slightly awkward silence, Bruce drew the next slip of paper out of the ugly hat.
“What did I tell you last night!?”
All he wanted was to turn back time and undo the last 48 hours. Go back to before they played that stupid game. Technically he still needed to drink, because he absolutely had fantasised about a certain team-mate, and not only once.
Bruce suppressed a smile. “You could call it that.”
“I-“ Steve didn’t know what to say, so he just stepped aside, so the others could see the table behind him. It was laden with food. There were Nat’s favourite ice cream flavours, the pasta Bruce liked so much, three different kinds of coffee for Clint, cheeseburgers for Tony and a variety of pop tarts for Thor, as well as a huge variety of other food. And a big bowl of marshmallows.
“Well, I for one would love a break.” Clint announced and Natasha and Bruce were nodding in agreement, all of them looking exhausted.
If you liked my little fic, please feel free to leave a comment or kudos, they are what writers live for.
“This was your idea?” Bruce asked, mouth agape.
Suddenly there was an arm around her shoulders and Nat looked up at Clint. “I need to fix this.” She whispered and he pulled her into a hug.
Steve ran a hand over his face, contemplating Nat’s words. He knew she was telling the truth, knew this wasn’t another attempt at interfering.
There was no mistake here. But it couldn’t be. Why would May sell her bakery, it was her joy and pride, she worked so hard to get this place to what it was. And now some guy with a great ass just swooped in, tore down her sign and destroyed everything May had worked for all these years?
Tony knew that voice, had heard it before. Once. Thirsty. Only now he noticed that the hands that pulled him away from Hammer were still holding on to him. Blonde guy pushed himself into Tony’s field of vision, staring straight into his eyes.
The box did indeed move, which was what finally seemed to wake up Clint. He opened the box carefully and nearly dropped his coffee mug. “OH MY GOD BRUCE!”
Taking out his phone and browsing through his contact list, his finger ended up ghosting over Pepper’s number. She was the only woman, the only person, who had loved him. Who managed to live with him. Who understood who he was. The woman had the patience of a saint, the wit of a genius and balls of steel. And even she couldn’t stand to be with him longer than a few months. How could anyone else? If Pepper couldn’t manage to be with him, no one could.
Steve was the first one to speak. “Hey buddy? I just… wanted to say sorry again.”
“What is this?” Steve asked perplexed.
Big finale coming up next, so stay tuned!
Five minutes later Clint and Bruce came out of the kitchen to join the others by the pool. The scene in front of them was like something out of a very bad movie.
The drive to the hospital was spend in awkward silence. A few times blonde guy tried to start a conversation but neither Tony riding shotgun, nor Peter sitting in the back were very talkative.
“And how do I do that?”
“I mean really what’s the worst she could make him do?” Steve asked, more talking to himself than addressing anyone in particular.
Before the inventor could get up, Tasha and Clint rose from their chair, holding hands. “We’ll… leave you. Bye.” And off they went downstairs to their rooms to, well, be alone.
Everything about this place screamed “temporary hide-out” to Steve and he would be surprised not to find a ready packed bag somewhere.
“Blind baking. Sounds kind of kinky is you ask me. Now where are those idiotic beans?” Tony mumbled, walking into the small supply closet.
“May this is Pepper, Pepper this is - “
Thor thought for a moment, looking at the scenery around them for inspiration.
“Fuck the government! And since when did you care what they think?”
Natasha squeezed in between the two and at glared at them. “Don’t you dare fight. We have one week off and I won’t spend it listening the two of you bickering all day long. I hear one more word and I will personally see to it that you will regret getting out of the ice,” she pointed at Steve, then turned to Tony, “and inventing that suit of yours! Is that understood?!”
Tony sighed and shook his head. “Why do you even want to play a game?”
Tony’s brain, which usually worked at high speed, seemed to take its sweet time processing Steve’s words. Steve accepted him for who he was. He didn’t care about his past. He was not a virgin.
Blonde guy straightened his back, which made him a good 2 inches taller than he already was, and crossed his arms, the muscles of his upper arm stretching painfully against the confines of his shirt.
“This doesn’t have to end in a fight.”
“Thor accidently let it slip. Don’t blame him, he didn’t mean to. But Tony knows all the same.”
“Why?” Tony asked, sounding more than just a little suspicious.
From a purely tactical standpoint this was a good place to stay. Top-floor so everyone coming from downstairs could be anticipated easily; the roof was close enough to the next house so that Bucky, or Steve, would be able to jump that gap, but not too close for a non-enhanced human to do so; there was a small balcony in the back, from which one could escape as well, if necessary. It was a good apartment for someone on the run. And yet Steve could clearly tell that this place, while practical and with only the essential furniture, is where Bucky tried to make a home for himself.
This chapter contains a little violence, but nothing too graphic.
*walks in three weeks late with Starbucks, the second chapter and an outdated meme*
Nat shrugged and picked up her drink. “True.”
Later.
Thor slung an arm around his shoulder, pulling the smaller man closer to him. “I have to say I did very much enjoy this game of yours.”
Making his way back to his bedroom, Steve walked past Tony’s room. The curtains were only half drawn, and Steve knew that if he stood on the right spot he could see inside. He knew it was a bad idea, but his feet seemed to think otherwise. He found an opening between the white curtains and turned his back to it.
It wasn’t like he’d never seen him topless before, quite the contrary, Steve remembered to their first day here all to well, when he had accidently seen Tony for a very naked swim. The mental image of it still made his mouth water.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “Uhm, yeah, I guess I was thinkin about what happened. In New York I mean. Hope we’ll catch those rascals. Right, I should go back to bed. Good night.”
Steve rubbed his hand over his face, Thor clearly didn’t understand the concept of Secret Santa, but then again, the important bit was that everyone had a good time.
He just shrugged and still looked at the floor.
Nat shook her head. “I find it best not to go down that road. Because after all – we are friends with them which says a lot about us.”
Tony and Natasha sat next to each other on the sofa, sulking.
“Hiking?”
“This is amazing! I don’t know how to thank you Tony.” Steve breathed against Tony’s now smiling lips.
Thor leaned over to Bruce and whispered quite loudly. “Is the Captain enraged because he lost the game?”
Steve came here to capture the magnificent beauty of the flowers and trees, but the image of Thor sitting on the soft jungle floor, surrounded by colourful butterflies, smile brighter than the sun was just to pretty not to draw.
Nevertheless, a decision needed to be made. They had narrowed it down to “Dirty Dancing”, “When Harry Met Sally” and “Brokeback Mountain”. There was a hard veto against “Brokeback Mountain” from Tony and Clint, because the last time they had watched it (together), both of them had to cry and Clint decided that the glitter-moustache was enough humiliation for the day.
“Oh, Kim just told Kris that she can’t buy the same Christmas decorations as her, because last year Kourtney stole all her decorating ideas from Kim and we really don’t want to repeat that.”
Steve couldn’t help but smile, as he picked up one of the half-empty packs of cookies. It seemed like Bucky being a sweet tooth hadn’t changed at all and neither had his unwillingness to do the dishes, or the state of constant chaos he left behind everywhere.
Everyone moved a bit closer to Steve, Tony’s idiotic grin almost reaching his ears. And then the questions came all at once, all five of them talking over each other, while simultaneously further closing in on him, until they were practically sitting on Steve’s lap. Which to be fair wasn’t that bad a thing, at least in Tony’s eyes.
Instead, he faked a yawn, mumbled a half-hearted goodnight and darted out of the fort, almost tearing it down in the process, and up the stairs to his room.
“Less than a day then.”
Tony stirred in his sleep and Steve quickly stepped away from the gap in the curtains like he was a little boy being caught stealing candy out of a jar. He quickly made his way to his own room and told himself that he was just tired and still stressed from the fight and that this didn’t mean anything. This was just a stress thing.
“Forget it, we’ll never find out.” Tony threw his hand up in frustration. He hated not getting his way. And he hated not knowing. He was also slightly turned on by the fact that Steve had a tattoo somewhere that it covered by swim shorts. And by slightly, he meant a lot. The thought of going to find out where the tattoo was, just the two of them, alone, in a bed, made his pants grow a little tighter.
Looking at the coin after it landed back in Nat’s hand, Tony sighed in relief. “Honestly, I don’t think Cap could handle that first dance scene.”
Natasha narrowed her eyes slightly, fixing her gaze on Steve, but he was avoiding everyone’s eyes. “As much as I hate to agree with Stark,”
“Steve, you and I could never work.”
Tony could kick himself. He actually cursed himself for not packing one of his Iron Man suits so he could kick himself with it. I want to change? To be fair, he did want to, not only his cloths, but actually change that is. But that wasn’t anything one just announces to the room like that. That no one teased him about it, made him feel even worse. This whole holiday was just a great cringe-fest and he couldn’t wait for it to be over, so he could hide in his workshop again and pretend that the world didn’t exist.
Tony was just about to close up for the day and drive Peter home, when the bell above his door rang again. Looking up from counting the register, he found himself opposite one of the few people that actually made his skin crawl.
“I’m going alone.”
His eyes glued to the floor, Steve quickly wiped away a runaway tear, when he felt a hand rest on his knee.
“Oh fuck.”
“Clint be nice. And read the next one.” Tasha ordered with a more or less playful stern look.
“Hey, how about a game of “Never have I Ever?””
The only other thing his unhelpful and mostly absent brain supplied, were pictures of last night. Steve’s body pressed against his. Steve’s breath on his skin. Steve’s smell in his nose. Tony’s boner in his pants. All very helpful.
“Really?” Clint asked.
“Well hello there, Sleeping Beauty.” Clint greeted him, with a wide grin.
Eventually she had convinced him to stay in New York and keep an eye on Stark, because he too looked less than happy about what was going on. Nat knew that he had been trying to find Bucky, Tony wasn’t half as good at hiding things as he thought he was. At least not good enough to hide stuff from her. She had wondered how long it would take Tony to find him and then she had wondered how long it would take him to tell Steve.
He thought back to the night after the poker game and how odd Steve had behaved.
This was his punishment.
“So just dare?” Clint asked confused.
“No.”
Tony was in the middle of a soul-destroying yawn, when Steve came out to the deck. He was wearing one of those impossibly tight shirts again, that made Tony’s mouth water. Steve looked very surprised to see Tony standing there in front of him.
Thor was asleep on his unicorn inflatable in the pool, while Natasha had Tony’s right arm twisted behind his back, so Steve, still in his American flag bathing shorts, could paint his left one with Nat’s black varnish. By now Tony had stopped struggling physically, because even though Nat’s wrist was injured, she still had a hell of a death grip on him, but that didn’t stop him from swearing like a sailor, threatening unimaginable pain on Steve and Natasha.
Tony was sitting in his comfy armchair in the back of the shop when he heard the bell above the front door ring out.
On the other hand, there had to be said something about him wearing fake eyelashes as a moustache, Steve thought to himself when Clint had put on the rainbow coloured abomination that Nat for some reason or another had in her purse.
Wrapping one arm around her shoulder he pressed a soft kiss on the top of her head, before letting her go again.
Steve shook his head. “You don’t know him like I do.”
All Tony could do was nod. Such blue eyes. So calming. And Tony could have lost himself in them if it weren’t for Hammer getting to his feet, shoving blonde guy aside, or at least trying to.
“I-I noticed that you were looking for him and… well the other night I couldn’t sleep and I got curious and since Nat made all of S.H.I.E.L.D.s files public and with the help of J.A.R.V.I.S. it wasn’t too hard to find a trace of him.” What Tony didn’t tell him was that it was actually more than just one sleepless night he had spend digging through old files, following cold and false trails, until two weeks ago he finally digged Bucky up in Bucharest.
Still frowning and wondering what Nat was on about, Tony went upstairs. The light in Steve’s room was still on so, he gently knocked on the door. “Steve?”
Nat raised her pool noodle, tightening her legs around her hammerhead shark.
“Maybe in a bit. Have you checked out the closet under the stairs? They have all kinds of pool accessories there.”
“The man who owns the teashop opposite you and drove you here.” So that was his name. Good to know, Tony thought.
“Holy shit,” Clint mumbled.
Tony’s eyebrow rose higher.
“Maybe I should ask the others for inspiration.” She turned around to face the rest of the team, Tony and Bruce were grinning from ear to ear.
His determination about confronting Tony about his feelings for him had faded completely. It just wasn’t meant to be. This was the sign he had waited for the whole day. He was about to make a move and it didn’t work so it was better to just give up. The universe has spoken.
Tony clapped his hands. “Right then children, let’s do this. Bruce and Clint, you explain the rules to the newbies, no offence muscle men,” he looked at Thor and Steve. “Nat you take care of the drinks.”
There were too many questions and no answers, and it drove Steve nuts.
“I’m really sorry about this. Didn’t notice you behind me. Quite sneaky, aren’t ya?” Blond guy asked and looked up at Tony, flashing a brilliant smile. The blue of blond guys eyes was so intense, that Tony was almost certain that it couldn’t be real. No one had eyes like that. No one had such pink lips. Maybe he was dreaming. Did he fall asleep in his shop again?
Steve entered the small apartment, making his way to the kitchen area. He let his hand run over one of the many floral tea towels and a long-forgotten memory pushed itself to the surface.
Strange walked over to her and gave her a quick hug. “The cookies were amazing, May. Thanks. But you shouldn’t be out of bed yet, the stress isn’t good for you.”
Half an hour later Steve was downstairs with the rest of the team, helping them decorate the Christmas tree. There was an excessive amount of tinsel everywhere and Steve could have sworn that Clint had more on himself than there was on the tree. None of the very colourful orbs matched and all in all it looked like boxes of Christmas decorations from five different families had thrown up on their tree.
“Cigars and music.”
Tony had to physically restrain himself from not rolling his eyes. “Oh, just get on with it.”
He thought back to all the times he had caught Steve looking at him from across the room.
When Thor finally released Natasha from his embrace, Clint leaned over to her, finally awake enough to form words. “I didn’t know you could knit.”
Steve knew that he wasn't that big on holidays, but he would be lying if he said that he wasn't a little disappointed about the lack of enthusiasm.
“Oh, you think this is funny, Rodgers? Let’s see how funny you find going in that pet-store over there, grabbing some bird seed and asking how long it takes for the birds to grow from it!”
Tony took a mouthful of his drink, grinning at Nat over the rim of his glass.
Beans still in his right hand, Steve bend down to pick it up and turned it towards Tony.
He didn’t sleep that night.
She leaned ever so slightly into his touch. “Just… just talk to him. Please?” Before he could argue, her hand on his shoulder tightened to a grip. “Steve, he knows. He knows what you feel for him.”
Even though Thor didn’t get hurt during the battle, he still wasn’t going to say no to a vacation. He would love to see more of Midgard.
Tony and Steve go for a run, Clint get's kicked twice and dirty secrets are revealed.
Tony hurried upstairs to get the cigars he had brought with him for just such an occasion and Tasha prepared drinks for all of them. She didn’t even have to ask what they wanted, she knew her boys well enough by now.
Clint blinked a few times and huffed. “What’s up, trouble in paradise?” It was hard to tell who kicked him first under the table, Nat or Bruce. “OW!”
The only one who wasn’t hurt was Thor. In fact, he was in an annoyingly good mood.
Once they exited the plane, both Steve and Tony, and Natasha and Clint, walked straight past Fury and disappeared out of site to continue their little honeymoon phase.
Bucky opened the balcony door and stopped for just a moment. “It always ends in a fight.”
All the information he needed to get his friend back, rested in the palm of his hands and he couldn’t help but grin like an idiot.
But at the moment it seemed like Bucky was running from the police just as much as he was running from Steve.
“You don’t think it’s funny?” Blonde guy almost sounded disappointed.
“Then why… What?!”
Tony snorted. “Oh, come on!”
Both Sam and Natasha nodded, even though she had a lot of problems with his plan, staring with the fact that he was going in there alone. Sure, Captain America could more than take care of himself against your everyday villain, but the Winter Soldier, or Bucky, was everything but normal. She had the scar to prove it. She saw what he had done to Steve on the helicarrier one year ago. But she knew if she said something now, it would only end in an argument again and the last thing Steve needed before heading into a potentially dangerous situation was to be agitated. So, she grid her teeth and nodded.
Clint folded second, mumbling something about marked cards. Steve was the next to go. Tory had the impression, that Steve’s mind was somewhere else, far away from the poker table, so he wasn’t surprised when he excused himself after losing his last couple of chips.
If it weren’t for Peter sitting outside the room, Tony was sure he would have cursed like a drunken sailor on leave.
Thor finally looked at him, doubt in his eye. “Believe me man, I’m not upset about you. And Steve’s a dick for what he said.”
“Well then, this is the right address and the owner did sell it to me, which therefore makes it my place now.”
Tony lifted his head ever so slightly from his knees, his eyes still fixed on them. “I know.” He whispered, but loud enough for Steve to hear.
Steve had to fight the urge to turn back around again. Tony must not be aware of the fact that he could be seen from the house because otherwise he wouldn’t be naked, Steve told himself.
Steve frowned slightly, but didn’t reply, so Nat continued. “All this tension between you and him is killing both of you and to be honest the rest of us too. Sure, it was fun to watch at first but enough fun and games now. You two need to work this out and soon.”
“Of course. Now let’s get you home. You look worse than me.”
Nat climbed out of the pool and walked over to Thor. “Jousting tournament?”
Without another word he slammed his bedroom door shut behind him and turned the lights off inside.
Bruce tore away the wrapping paper. With a puzzled expression he looked down on the bracelet in his hands. “Uhm… thanks for the jewellery?”
It wasn’t.
Bruce wasn’t physically hurt but during the fight the other guy came out to play as well, and that always drained all energy out of him.
On their first day here, they had planned to all go on a boat tour around the island and rented one for today. They send Thor upstairs to go and get Steve, figuring he would be the least mad at him and also Thor had something no one else of them had. Puppy eyes. So really Thor was the best, and only, chance to lure Steve out of his bedroom.
When Clint didn’t return from downstairs after twenty minutes, Nat and Bruce went to investigate, expecting something must have happened.
“You have feelings?” Steve asked jokingly.
The boat was more a yacht, with a small kitchen and a bedroom in the lower deck.
“I think he’s right. We shouldn’t rush into this. We need to be careful. After all he is a hitman with a price on his head.”
“What is it?”
“I know.” May smiled down at him. “Anyway, what’s the name of the new place?”
At the hospital they made Tony sit in a little room by himself, blonde guy and Peter had to wait outside.
“This is magnificent!” Tony exclaimed and Thor was glowing with pride.
Tony lowered his eyes, staring at his hands, trying his best to hide how much that hurt him. All the sleepless nights trying to find Bucky, the days of doubt and uncertainty about telling Steve and now his nightmare had come true.
Bruce chuckled at Nat’s description of the game. Naturally, he knew what this was actually about, he had noticed her and Clint whispering, plus he wasn’t stupid. It was painfully obvious that there was something going on between Steve and Tony and it was also obvious that the two of them were idiots, so this had the potential to be a lot of fun. And Bruce had already some great ideas about what to write on his papers.
“You should be.” Bruce mumbled and Steve’s smile dropped immediately. Okay, there was definitely a list. And now his palms were getting sweaty again. Great.
He couldn’t give up. Couldn’t give up the chance of seeing that smile every day of his life.
Natasha was right, Steve needed to talk to him.
“Oh God, Clint will want it to sleep in the bed with us.” Natasha made a face of disgust.
“It warms my heart that you think I’m beautiful.” Tony deadpanned, making his way over to the coffee machine, all the while trying his best not to look at Steve, who was sitting at the head of the dining table.
So, he got to work.
Clint and Bruce started chuckling, while Steve and Thor just looked very confused. “I do not understand that reference.” Thor looked at Natasha for help.
“Honestly guys I don’t think I can manage a shopping tour and a whiny Clint. At least not sober.”
Steve kissed the still confused Tony on the cheek, while Bruce continued to stare down at his bracelet from Thor.
“What. The. Hell?” Tony asked, still looking like a truck had hit him.
“What do you mean you’re going to send us away?” Steve sounded slightly suspicious.
Clint snorted and glanced over at Natasha. “That sounds dull.”
Steve had to admit he was more than surprised, that Nat actually apologised, and he couldn’t help but smile.
It was like having two overprotective parents, trying to take care of a herd of unruly teenagers.
“The big Tony Stark. How are you my man I haven’t seen you in ages. Rumour on the streets is that you retired and became a librarian.”
He turned to look over to Tony and Bruce standing in the kitchen, getting a feast ready. The moment Steve sat eyes on him a surge of determination took hold of him. Taking a deep breath, he quickly walked over to the two of them in the kitchen, eyes fixed on the one person who could make his heart jump in his chest.
Steve leaned against the door, listening to Tony’s footsteps. Only when he heard the other door close, did he move from his. “Rascals?” He was never going to hear the end of that one, but at least it made Tony go away. Steve looked down at himself. If only other things would go away that easily.
“That… would be… good.” Since when was talking so difficult? This was all kinds of ridiculous. Steve’s palms were sweaty, and his heart was going at an abnormal rate and he was sure everyone could see it racing in his chest.
“I mean I love you, but you… don’t.” It was the first time Steve had said this out loud to anyone, including himself, but Tony didn’t know that.
Upon hearing those words, Tony turned white as a sheet. The pain in his hand was instantly forgotten.
“Oh, and what makes you think that you’d be the first guy I’d be with?”
“I don’t know about you boys, but I would like to get changed first.”
The problem with having a super spy for a friend is that no matter how much you try to hide something, there is no way said friend isn’t going to find out anyways. Meaning that Natasha noticed the exchange and immediately narrowed her eyes at them.
Steve was a mere second behind Bucky, making sure that none of the men left behind were getting back up to go after him.
Steve just shrugged, a small smile on his lips and drew the next slip before anyone could ask questions. “Never Have I Ever Thought Natasha Could Kill Me in My Sleep.”
“In Asgard, some warriors etch the number of foes they defeated into their skin.”
“Get that fleabag out of my house!”
The only one who wasn’t moving or saying anything was Tony. There was one more apology Steve needed to make and it was by far the hardest.
"It is glorious!" Thor declared and everyone nodded in agreement.
The next morning Steve was up early as usual. Tony was still lying in bed on his belly, putting a chainsaw to shame with his snoring. On any other morning Steve would have been out and about by this time, either on one of his morning runs or down in the kitchen, sitting at the counter with Bruce having breakfast. Not this morning though. This morning his head was buried in a thick file labelled “Secret Santa”.
“Hey J, tell the team to meet me and Captain Rogers in the briefing room in ten minutes.”
Tony shook his head and pulled the blanket over his head. Maybe if he just pretended that the world didn’t exist and this day had never happened, everything would just go back to normal.
“But since when do I do easy?”
“Seriously?” Clint asked in disbelieve, shaking his head.
This was a bad idea. It was wrong. He would be violating Tony’s privacy.
Jane had to work on Christmas day because it was the only time the Hubble Telescope was free for her to use, so Thor had decided to stay with the rest of the team before picking Jane up for New Years Eve.
“Pretend to be a dog for the whole day.”
Steve was 90% sure that Clint wasn’t the only one they had such a list for. Especially after yesterday. “Well, then I’m glad you guys went easy on me.” He said with a shy smile.
As he walked up the stairs Tony didn’t hear Natasha tell Clint that she was sure this was going to work, he didn’t hear Bruce explaining to Thor why Steve was so upset, and he also didn’t hear the four of them brainstorming better ways to get him and Steve together. What he did hear was Steve pacing in his room, heard him talking to himself. Steve never talked to himself, so this was all kinds of red flags. And who was Tony to back away from a red flag. hat would insinuate him being sane.
“Thor, tell us what’s going on.”
“No place left to run, Captain.”
Clint turned around when Tony walked in. “Look who finally emerged from his cave.”
Natasha crossed her arms, eyebrows knitted together tightly. “Thor, what did he say to you?”
Maybe he shouldn’t call him “Captain America” when he asked him. Maybe he shouldn’t ask him. Maybe he should just pretend that he didn’t know any of this and then surely it would go away. Yes. That was a good plan.
Hammer’s face twisted into a sneer. “I see. Grooming the next generation, are we? Tell you what kid, if you ever want to work for a real man, call me.” With that Hammer wrapped one arm around Peter’s shoulder and with the other slid a business card into the pocket of Peter’s jeans.
It's the last day on the island and the last chance for everyone to spill their beans.
Steve stepped in behind him, reaching over Tony’s head to grab the beans from the top shelf. “Got ‘em!”
Thor chuckled and let go of Tony’s hand. Nat placed a gentle kiss on his cheek, before she too moved back to her place on the sofa, and so did the rest of them. Minus the kiss.
Blond guy frowned and his eyes darted from Tony to the coffee that was still in his hand.
Tony still didn’t understand what had come over Bruce and why he suddenly insisted on teaching them how to cook, when all he’s done the last couple of years was yell at them when they came anywhere near the kitchen.
Steve felt uncomfortable being cared for like that. He was used to powering though on his own and having someone cook almost every meal for him felt weird. So, he tried to assist Bruce in the kitchen. Considering that he was a military man one would think that he was better in following orders given to him. But no such luck. While Steve was more than capable in most things in life, he still didn’t come up even close to Bruce’s kitchen-standards. The man had high demands and even a super soldier couldn’t handle them. After a few months of being shouted at by Bruce, Steve as well gave up.
Finally, Tony stopped pacing and looked at Steve, his eyes wide and slightly out of breath.
Steve had his arms crossed in front of his chest, his huge frame blocking the elevator doors of Tony's penthouse apartment in the tower. They had been fighting for hours by now, neither of them willing to give in.
“Alright. Never have I ever tried to see how many marshmallows can fit into my mouth. Who wrote that? A five-year old?”
Balancing his sketch book on his knee, Steve started drawing, not bothering to tell Thor to hold still. He knew better than that.
“Good. Now, who is going to Romania?”
He kept walking in silence for a few moments before that sigh finally escaped him. “Nothing.”
The last thing Tony wanted was to hurt Steve as well.
Tony had called him Captain Rogers. He only did that in two situations, when he was pissed off or when he was teasing Steve. This was definitely not the latter.
They could all physically feel Nat’s eyeroll, even though it wasn’t visible through her dark sunglasses.
A burning fire spread through Tony’s whole body; his hands started to shake. “Get your hands off him!”
“No!”
The floor was littered with empty food containers, dirty clothes and most of all newspapers. Steve bend down to pick one up at random. It looked like it was written in Russian, but he didn’t need to be able to read it to know what it was about. Half of the front page was taken up by a slightly blurry picture of Bucky.
Tony looked up at him and gave him a crooked grin, holding up his thumb. With everyone else he would feel embarrassed about his current state.
A broad smile took over Steve’s face. He shrugged his shoulders, like the information he had just given Tony was nothing special. “You had to be careful back in my day and nowadays I have to make sure no one recognises me for who I am but… you wouldn’t be my first.”
“I think it’s time for a boat tour.”
It took Steve a second to realise what had just happened. “Hey!” He called after Tony and gave chase. It wouldn’t have been difficult to catch up and overtake the inventor, but watching Tony run for his pride and the triumphant smile he shot him after reaching the house first, was even better than winning himself.
Thor turned around in surprise, he had been too absorbed in the program to notice Steve walking in.
“You hurt my feelings.” Tony put his best puppy dog eyes on, which to be fair wasn’t even half as good as Steve’s, but it was definitely funnier.
If there would have been any space, Steve would have taken a step back. Or maybe a thousand. This was what he had been afraid of. This was why he had avoided talking to Tony for so long.
Natasha’s smug face was answer enough.
Tony’s eyes moved over to where Steve was sitting. He had a big victorious grin plastered on his face. A blush had crept up his neck, making his cheeks glow and Tony’s knees weak. Good thing he was sat down.
Steve noticed a peculiar tick in Tony’s eye that only ever shower when he was nervous or trying to hide something. But now was not the time, they would talk when they were alone.
“Am I right to assume, that you don’t quite see eye to eye with that?” Bruce asked.
“Wait what?”
Natasha seemed even more tense and alert than usual, and Sam finally understood what the weird mood back at the tower in New York was all about.
They remained like this for what felt like hours, Tony with his head resting on Steve's shoulder, arms wrapped tightly around each other, eyes closed. Calm.
“Then why didn’t he say something?”
Before they got into the car, Tony caught a glimpse on man bun standing on the other side of the street, arms crossed, looking less than pleased. Blonde guy exchanged a few words with him, which seemed to only increase man bun’s bad mood, but Tony had other things to worry about.
By the end, May sat next to Tony on the surgery couch and put her hand gently on his bandaged one.
Steve nudged him gently. “It’s your turn. To give a present.”
The god lifted his head but didn’t look at Tony. “Because I’m the one who informed you about Captain Roger’s feelings for you.”
“Why didn’t you say something?” She shot back and he knew she was right. “Steve, I’ve seen the way he looks at you. I promise you no more meddling. I just want you to be happy. So please talk to him.”
“Okay chuckleheads, my turn.” Natasha picked a piece of paper and read out loud. “Never Have I Ever gotten I tattoo that I regret.”
Steve ran a hand through his hair and eyed his half-packed suitcase on the bed. He had been packing his things when Thor had interrupted him and now his resolve of leaving the island and returning back home to New York weakened by the second. First, he needed to apologize to Thor and then he could leave. Maybe he needed to apologize to Tony as well for last night. But then he would leave.
Tony uncrossed his arms and patted Steve on the back, the grin finally breaking through. “Good talk, Cap.”
Tony meanwhile was brooding about what he had learned at the breakfast table. Steve liked him. Liked him like he used to like Peggy. Liked him like Tony hoped to like Pepper. What the hell was he supposed to do with that information?! It’s not like he could walk up to Steve and tell him: “Hey there Captain America, a former assassin told the God of Thunder that you have a crush on me, so I thought I might ask you if you wanted to go to the homecoming dance with me.”
May shrugged. “He’s confused. And worried.”
How could she show him up like this after he confided in her? He had trusted her and now this.
“Peter?”
“Sorry man.” Steve turned his head from watching after Tony, to Bruce, who smiled softly at him. Instead of replying, the super soldier took the knife Tony had left behind and continued chopping onions, although chopping might be the wrong word, it was more of a bashing.
Tony shook his head and finally snapped out of it. “The sign. Thirsty?”
“So,” Nat started and looked up at Steve.
“Fine. You, Sam and me.” Nat was having none of his nonsense. “I can speak the language and as you pointed out so rightly, I know what it is like to be a hunted assassin.”
Tony had thought that after they would return from the boat trip, he would come back to the house and when he would see Steve, he would know what to do. He had no such luck. The moment he laid eyes on the super soldier, his brain got up from its chair, waved and went out the door. Leaving Tony, a) absolutely uncapable of forming a decent thought and b) exclaim nuggets of rhetoric brilliance like “Oh Cheeseburgers” and “I want to change”. Thanks for nothing. Genius my ass.
Definitely not now.
Behind them Tony was making a face, as he watched Steve kiss Nat’s head.
“So, Heads says “Dirty Dancing”, tails being “When Harry met Sally”.” Nat announced and tossed the coin into the air.
Tony almost chocked on his coffee. “W-what?”
“You must have the wrong address. The owner of this bakery doesn’t want to sell her place. To anyone.”
The before mentioned “battle” took place about an hour later and consisted Thor and Tony stamping all over their creation, Tony trying to sound like a dinosaur, which actually sounded more like a dying cat, and Thor giving his best impression of Godzilla. By that time Clint and Nat had finally emerged from the ocean and watched the destruction with Steve and Bruce.
He really didn’t.
The newspaper still in hand, Steve turned around slowly and looked at the wrong end of a gun.
Nat reached for his hand and squeezed it gently to calm him down a little and nodded towards the bed. Bruce, still tense, frowned and squeezed her hand in reply, before climbing into bed next to Thor. Eventually she joined them as well, taking her place next to Clint.
He really should talk to Steve about all of this, make it clear to him, that he had chosen the wrong guy to have a crush on.
“This is Metropolitan corner 71
That left the rest of the team to decide on a movie to watch. The fact that there was only a limited selection of movies to pick from the small DVD collection in the house helped. The fact that it only consisted of Rom Coms didn’t. Tony had the distinct feeling that this was in no way a coincident, although Natasha seemed truly surprised about it. Then again, she was a brilliant actress, and an even more brilliant plotter.
Thor seemed to be able to read his mind, but then again if two people spend enough time together that was bound to happen. “A lot could go wrong. But what if it works?”
“I hate all of you.” Clint grumbled, crossing his arms in front of his chest.
Tony’s hand came to rest on Steve’s knee once more. “I’m not saying this will work. Or that we will never fight. Or that it will be easy. But I will promise you that I will try everything in my power to make it work, to not fight and to make it as easy to love me as possible. And I will promise to love you and to make you happy.”
Obviously now everyone had caught onto the fact that something was up and being true to their nature, they instantly started bombarding Thor with questions, knowing better than to try to break Steve’s silence.
The rest of the day went by in a haze. Steve and Tony spend most of it out on the sun deck in each other’s arms, whispering sweet nothings, enjoying the touch of the other. Natasha and Clint didn’t emerge from their rooms until dinner.
They were all still sitting on the sofa, Steve practically wedged between Nat and Clint, as if to make sure he won’t get away, while Tony sat between Thor and Bruce. Instead of heaps of food, there was now a diverse and extensive collection of booze on the couch table. Apart from the usual stuff like Vodka, Whiskey and Tequila, there was also some of Thor’s Asgardian alcohol, since it was the only thing that could get him and Steve drunk. How convenient, that he brought four bottles of it with him.
“It is 7.34am, sir.” J.A.R.V.I.S. answered.
Now Natasha was sitting on one of the deck chairs next to Steve, looking out over the pool where Thor was having a little nap on his inflatable unicorn, a little bottle of black nail varnish next to her. She had already painted her toes and her right hand as she picked up the little brush with her bandaged hand and tried to paint the nails on her left, which turned out to be much more challenging than she had imagined. She muttered a string of curses in multiple languages but didn’t give up until she missed and painted her finger instead of the nail. More curses followed.
Before Tony could say anything, blond guy darted to the back of the shop were the kitchen was and came back a moment later with a damp cloth, rubbing furiously on Tony’s thigh where the paint had hit him.
"Captain Rogers, Mr. Stark requests to see you."
The inventor was pacing up and down in front of the elevator doors, his hair even messier than usual.
“Don’t tell Tony!” She repeated, throwing another bagel.
“Doesn’t mean I appreciate what happened last night.”
“Now Tony-“ Before Hammer could finish whatever phony thing he was about to say, Peter came in with his backpack in hand.
Without rules they couldn’t play the game.
Tony shuffled away from Steve, leaning back against the door. It was impossible to be so close to the blond man without his thoughts and convictions straying, but it was crucial that he didn’t give in to his desires and instead made Steve understand why this was more than just your average bad idea.
She returned her attention to the chattering trio of weirdos. “Okay as much fun as it is to watch you embarrass yourselves like this, all of you still need to drink. And I think I speak for all of us when I say that for this one you have to drink double.” Clint and Tony nodded in agreement and even though the three of them looked annoyed at the close-mindedness of Natasha and the others, they complied and drank.
“How about just no?” Steve suggested.
“Oh god Nat please remember we are friends.”
Five minutes later Tony entered the gym, empty apart from a very angry looking super-soldier. Steve was at the bench press, lifting the weights into the air. He was still wearing his Captain America uniform.
“Let the games begin.”
Thor looked a little hurt and embarrassed. “The lady Darcy ensured me it was an important tradition anytime friends gather for sleepovers. I…” Thor hesitated, staring down at his hands in his lap. “I was beginning to wonder why we haven’t upheld the tradition and I wanted to find out if it was because you were unaware of this tradition or… or because you do not consider us friends.”
“So, do families try to see how many marshmallows they can fit in their mouth?” He asked carefully.
Steve shook his head. “Thor, the whole point of the Secret Santa is that you don’t know who gave you the present.”
Not long after they found a lovely little clearing, flooded with sun light, flowers all around. And more importantly butterflies. Those small delicate creatures seemed to have worked a spell on Thor. His face lit up the moment he saw one and even more so when one landed on him.
Clint just glared up at the god, wondering for the nth time this week why he was friends with those people.
It wasn’t like his thoughts got carried away when he looked at a certain genius.
But what was yet to be determined.
“But I need to know!”
It took a moment before the door opened and Steve emerged. His hair was all messy like he had been lying in bed. His upper body was naked, and Tony had a hard time not just staring at the exposed body in front of him. Steve’s lower half was covered by the door, leaving the question of its nakedness to Tony’s imagination.
“Shopping!” Thor exclaimed happily.
“So what?” He asked innocently.
Five pairs of eyes were fixed on the super soldiers, his friends faces showing a mixture of shock, astonishment and untamed curiosity.
It's Christmas day and time to find out what everyone got in the Secret Santa!
Back at the house Tony immediately went to his room to have some time to himself. Well, to sulk actually.
After almost scrubbing his skin raw under the shower, Tony got changed into a pair of grey sweats and an old AC/DC shirt.
And thus, Steve spend most of the day looking for signs.
“Right then. Shopping it is.” Tony required a lot more coffee, before that was happening.
Steve raised an eyebrow, looking over at Bruce to confirm, that it was in fact in the rules. The scientist knew better than to go against Tony, so he nodded in agreement. “It’s in the rules.”
“Maybe it’s because Cap and I have standards.”
“We’re not friends.”
“I’m sorry.” Steve breathed, making Thor squeeze him even harder. “Okay. Air. Getting hard to breath. Thor!”
This chapter is a little longer than the previous ones and something resembling a plot emerges.
So, it wasn’t Steve’s tone that made him pause and frown, but the words he had spoken. “What do you mean I don’t feel the same?”
Tony’s frown deepened, but his voice remained calm. “All I’m saying is that we need a plan. Not just rush into it headfirst.”
Even though Pepper had officially paid for all of May’s treatments, they had never met before and Tony had preferred it that way, trying desperately to keep his past and his present sperate. But even he knew that some things were inevitable.
“Oh, I’m gonna kill them.”
“You need damp sand.”
road, no?”
This was exactly what Tony had wanted and it finally felt like his life was on the right track.
Steve’s heart was beating about twice as fast as humanly possible and he could feel a blush creeping up his neck.
It wasn’t like his body reacted to those thoughts in a way it hasn’t in a very long time.
Tony grabbed the cigars from his suitcase and went back downstairs. Everyone was already gathered around the poker table and Bruce was still trying to explain the rules to Thor, who seemed a bit upset about the special treatment.
The corners of her mouth lifted a little. “Good. Now, you sprained your wrist, which means you were probably hitting wrong. I have arranged for a martial arts trainer to come see you as soon as you have recovered, so this won’t happen again. Hammer won’t say anything to the press, it is far too embarrassing, if anything we have something to hold over him. The only thing I am concerned about, is him retaliating. Peter’s school already has been informed about the potential threat and Happy will make sure their security is more than sufficient. After he dropped the Parkers and Mister Rogers off, he will join us at your house, I told him to get you your favourite pizza.”
“Fine, but I’m not getting dressed.”  Tony mumbled, putting on the apron. It had an image of a woman’s body in a bikini on it.
Until Aunt May got sick. For weeks she had been complaining about hearing loss, brushing it off as just a symptom of age. Both Peter and Tony had tried to get her to go to a doctor, but May was as stubborn as… well as Tony himself. With the hearing loss also came a sort of clumsiness. She kept dropping things and losing her balance and more often than not Tony found her mopping up something from the floor when he came over during his lunch break. One day he didn’t find a bag of flour on the floor of the bakery, but Aunt May herself. She had tripped and hit her head on the counter when she fell.
His travel bag gone, Tony entered the common room. He was still avoiding Steve's gaze, but the soldier didn't care. Tony was back and by the looks of it he planned on staying.
“Steve the poor man is barely awake.” Natasha scolded lightly, grinning none the less.
At lunchtime everyone found themselves back at the house. Natasha looked deeply relaxed from her morning at the beach. She made herself comfortable in one of the deck chairs next to Clint, who had just woken up from a little nap. He gave Nat a drowsy smile and a wink and to Tony’s surprise instead of rolling her eyes she returned his smile.
Talking about getting your shit together.
Bruce shrugged. “Well, I couldn’t watch you tiptoe around each other anymore. And I certainly couldn’t watch those two,” with that he pointed to Clint and Natasha, “try, and fail, to get you and Tony to talk. So, I locked you in. And then I locked Tasha and Clint into the bathroom, because they were just as bad and needed to get their shit together. Now get out of my kitchen so I can make lunch.”
He thought back to last night.
Too soon night came, and then it was morning and time to leave the island and had back to New York.
Just as he was about to put the paper down on the kitchen counter, Steve heard a soft noise coming from the front door behind him. Any normal human wouldn’t have been able to pick up on it, but thanks to the serum Steve didn’t only know that there was someone else in the room with him, but also who it was.
The other man turned around, wild-eyed and panting slightly. “This is ridiculous!”
Tony took out his phone and hooked it up to the stereo and “Paradise City” started to play.
Sitting there uncomfortable and only too aware of all the places their bodies touched, Steve started the movie, hoping it would distract him from being so close to Tony.
“So, Team Chaos, what’s the plan today?” He asked.
“The only thing you are is an idiot. Which makes this a room with two idiots in it. Tony, I already knew that you’re sleeping schedule is basically non-existent, we live together. I have nightmares and if you let me, I could try and help you with yours. It doesn’t matter that you never told anyone you loved them, because neither have I. The past is not an issue that could ever push me away from you. You are arrogant, but rightly so. You are a genius! And the world should know how great you are. No one likes to admit when they’re wrong, but I’ve seen you change your mind or view countless times when presented with new information, because you are a scientist and that’s what scientists do. When I said you were nothing without your suit, I didn’t know you. I didn’t know the great things you are capable of, in and outside of your workshop. You have given me, and the others, a home. You were the one who brought us all together and no suit of yours could ever measure up to the strength you show when one of us needs you. I don’t care about your past Tony, about who you once were and who you spend your time with, I care about your present. And your future. And… I would very much like to be a part of that future. If you let me.”
“Steve.” Her voice as soft as her touch, making him turn around. She was looking up at him, eyes full of concern and understanding, a small crease between her brows. She looked… defeated. Gone her usual air of confidence and poise. It was unnerving seeing her like this. Natasha always kept her composure, always made sure to look strong and in control. This was her with all her defences down, no games, no tricks. Just her. Forgotten was the anger he felt towards her for meddling, for scheming behind his back.
He was so focused on any possible signs, that he missed most of the shopping trip, until Clint’s words ripped him out of his thoughts.
“Prepare for a crushing defeat, Widow!” Thor called from onto a white unicorn with a rainbow-coloured mane.
“Doctor Strange?”
Clint whispered something into Nat’s ear, the desperation clear on his face.
“Are you shitting me Stark? That man is crazy about you! And trust me if he’s gonna leave your ass it’s gonna be because of the snoring and not some deep freeze killer soldier who’s messed up eyeliner makes him look like a racoon.” Rhodey was as lovingly as usual. And as usual his words had managed to calm Tony down. There was a reason they had stayed friends for so long.
A black eye and a cut on the cheek decorated Tony’s face.
“Your pain always brings joy to us.” Bruce mumbled, earning a glare from Tony. The next pillow hit Bruce in the face, Natasha narrowing her eyes at him.
Steve looked over at her. “Seriously?”
“I found Bucky.”
Back up in Tony’s apartment Steve basically flopped down on the bed. “I am twice the size as before.” He moaned rubbing his tummy. Everything felt warm and fuzzy and wonderful. Tony on the other hand didn’t seem to share his sentiment. He had started pacing again, just like the day before.
Before Tony even had the chance to reply, the door opposite him opened with such force that it ricocheted off the wall. “Anthony Edward Stark! Have you finally lost all sense? What the hell were you thinking beating up a man in front of my nephew!” Aunt May looked like something out of a nightmare. She was standing in the door, eyes wide, breathing heavily and if looks could kill, Strange’s work on Tony’s hand would have been pointless.
“Thought so.” Tony mumbled and closed his eyes, basking in the sun.
By the look on Bucky’s face, he had also picked up on Sam’s message as well. He lowered his weapon and strode straight past Steve, who picked up his shield. Not to fight his friend, but to protect him from what was about to come. He wanted to avoid a fight at all costs, but if he was forced to, Steve would do anything to protect Bucky.
Tony ran his hand through his hair, making it even messier than usual. “Your… your present.”
“Oh Steve! They are beautiful.” She beamed up at him, making him blush a little.
When Steve walked up the stairs to the second floor, he could already hear Tony announce to everyone how he beat the great Steve Rogers, Captain America, the first super soldier.
For the rest of the hike Clint and Tony spend grumbling and complaining about having to go on a hike, all the while Tony tried his best not to stare at Steve’s backside in front of him. Meanwhile Thor stopped sulking and realised that hiking through a jungle was a lot of fun. He had a blast pointing out all the animals he could see, and Bruce did his best to help him identify them. Thor was especially fond of the colourful birds all around them as well as the delicate butterflies, that seemed to have taken a liking to him, a few of them landing on him. Bruce laughed at the sheer ridiculousness of the picture of the blond god with pretty little butterflies on his shoulders and arms.
Tony swallowed hard and looked down at his shoes. The last thing he wanted was to upset May. Or Peter.
Now, standing in front of Steve, looking at the expression on his face, Tony’s anxiety roared back to life. Had he done the right thing by looking for Bucky?
“Okay, this is ridiculous!” Tony exclaimed. “Are we just going to sit here in silence and ignore the fact that something’s off with Cap?”
Steve was lying on the chair next to her and hearing Nat curse made his eyebrow shot up over the rim of his sunglasses.
“Do you want me to help you or not?” It wasn’t like he had an actual choice in that matter. “Three: Talk to him. Keep the conversation light and brief. Four: Start a longer conversation. Like a proper one about something he likes, but again you want to keep it light and breezy. Five: Body language. Don’t cross your arms, have an open stance, turn your body towards him. Six: Compliments. They are always nice and appreciated, but don’t be creepy. And lastly: Keep your interactions brief. Be… mysterious.” She turned her head towards Steve. “You want me to write that down for you soldier?”
Now though he had to get dressed and go out to dinner with his friends. And Steve.
Tony massaged the bridge of his nose. “To be honest: Yes. We’ve been out there fighting for three days straight, Fury, and I get that there is a point to that debriefing, but seriously, all we need and want right now is a break.”
He had to hand it to Nat, he honestly believed her when she promised him no more meddling. He should have known better. Then again, he knew that she was right in locking them in here like that. Otherwise they would never talk about what was going on.
By now Tony’s wrist had doubled in size and the throbbing pain made him dizzy. Yet he had refused the offer of pain killers from the nurse. He already lost control in one way today, he didn’t need the temptation of a second.
“What?”
“What do you want, Hammer?” Tony asked between clenched teeth. He hated that guy to the guts. His whole attitude made Tony uneasy, the way he talked and moved reminded him of a snake. Since the day Tony joined the weapon making business, Hammer was always there trying to one-up him, trying to imitate him in everything he did. Hammer was the classic jealous type, searching out the spotlight. As if his terrible personality weren’t bad enough, Hammer was involved in a lot of sketchy business deals, even for a weapons dealer, and on more than one occasion worked together with Obadiah. Of course, Tony couldn’t prove it, otherwise he would have made sure that Hammer never saw the light of day again.
“Darlin’ I love you, but I don’t think I’m gonna be able to perform adequately tonight. Not after that much food. But there’s always tomorrow.” He said with a sly little grin.
After that Clint insisted on watching all of the "Die Hard" movies as a treat for sitting through two and a half hours of Hugh Grant.
Thor had just finished giving Tony a tour of his pillow fort, when Bruce came over with the food. Aside from several pizzas, there was also an assortment of sweets, including popcorn, chocolate and cookie dough, as well as chips and freshly made guacamole and salsa. Steve looked a bit calmer now that he had taken his anger out on the onions.
It took about five more minutes until Steve finally put the weights away and sat up, facing Tony. “What?”
game last night?” Bruce asked, ducking just in time to avoid another airborne breakfast food. Clint grabbed the last of the bagels for himself before that too would get a flying lesson by Natasha.
“Oh, don’t be ridiculous. Why would I be jealous of Steve? I mean sure Nat is hot and when I first met her, I totally thought about her in that way and I might have flirted with her for a bit, but no. She is too intense. And scary. That woman could kill you with her thighs, Happy swore he saw her do it. I mean kill a man with her thighs do it, not do it do it, you know? Also just think about poor Clint, it would break his heart if I swooped her away from him, because let’s be honest, I could get her before he would. And if she wants to be with Steve, that’s great for her. I mean she could do worse. Probably did. Steve isn’t that bad. I mean if you like that obvious kind of handsome with the blond hair and blue eyes and all that muscle on the man, not to mention that as-… astronomical back. Not that I think that Steve is handsome. He probably is for others. Like Nat. Why are you looking at me like that?”
“You have to understand…”
An annoyed groan went through the crowed and Nat hit Tony on the arm. “Ow!” It didn’t really hurt, it was just a reflex. And the fact that Tony was a drama queen. “You’re all just upset because it’s true. You do wish you were as smart as me.” This time it was a pillow thrown by Clint, hitting his face and Tony’s shocked and overly theatrical facial expression made Steve laugh out loud.
“No.”
The god came over to him to explain his present. “They are runes. If you put them on, they will grand you knowledge. It’s different for everyone. I thought you might like it. Also, it’s a necklace.”
Steve smiled sadly, lifting his head from where he had leaned it against a shelf. “I know.”
From his room Tony could oversee the whole bay beneath him, as well as the pool right outside his window. He could also see right into Steve’s bedroom.
It took another hour before Tony started to stir and it wasn’t a moment too soon. Steve had gotten more restless by the minute, pacing up and down in the living room of Tony’s penthouse apartment and was about to scribble a note explaining where he was going when a barely audible voice carried over from the bedroom.
“Right. Let’s go then.”
As much fun as it was to watch the two idiots tiptoe around each other, Natasha had decided it was time for Steve and Tony to get their shit together. She and Clint had talked about it at length after the hike and after some convincing, that may or may not have included some mild threats from Natasha, Clint had agreed with her. They also worked out a fool proof three step plan on how to get Steve and Tony together.
Just as he turned to corner, he saw how Sam came up behind Bucky and with both feet kicked him in the back to bring him down. Before Bucky could get up again, Sam struck out with one of his wings, driving it down on the side of Bucky’s head.
When Tony finally decided to get out of bed and join the rest of the team, it was almost noon.
Steve immediately sprang into action, placing his shield over one of the grenades, before it could detonate and cloud the room in thick smoke. Meanwhile Bucky knocked two of the policemen that came through the windows unconscious, making his way to the third on the balcony. Only thanks to Steve’s quick reflexes, did the man not fall over the railing to his death.
Steve has never seen Bruce’s face, or anyone’s face for that matter, in such a deep shade of red and he couldn’t help himself but laugh.
But the what had changed the most were his eyes. They used to have a certain sparkle in them, used to be so full of life.
“And she is currently in hospital recovering from surgery, no?”
Releasing Thor from his embrace and walked over to the Christmas tree. He slid the biggest present over to Clint. Steve threw his arms up in surrender. “This is not… oh nevermind!”
Natasha looked honestly puzzled at Steve’s outburst. “I don’t-“
He had two daggers custom made for her, one with her emblem of an hourglass and the other with his shield engraved on it.
“Are you… jealous?”
He hated Bruce for thinking that he was jealous.
The windows were boarded up, barely letting any sun in, giving the whole place a dark and gloomy look. To his left lay a mattress on the floor, a sleeping bag piled on top of it. The sofa was old and badly worn, just like the rest of the furniture.
On top of being angry, Steve was getting immensely frustrated right now. “What do you want to do then?” He snapped.
Steve just nodded.
He made the best, sold the most and earned a lot of money doing it. Which in turn allowed him to buy a lot of booze. And occasionally other substances that helped him forget that his inventions actually killed people.
“Oh, I could think of a way, Captain.”
Natasha and Clint seemed to already have come to terms with Bruce’s involvement in all this. They also seemed very… changed. Just now Steve noticed the two of them holding hands and the glances they exchanged. Apparently, they too, were finally together. Then again, he and Tony hadn’t actually talked about what they were to each other. Did their kiss mean that they were a couple now?
Steve blushed and a bright smile spread across his face. “There is nothing easier than loving you.”
“But not strip-poker!”
“What?” Finally, Tony’s eyes lifted, staring up at Steve.
“And?” Natasha pried, knowing that that wasn’t all.
Tony cocked an eyebrow at her. “That’s all? A bit anticlimactic if you ask me.”
Running his good left hand through his already messy hair, Tony began pacing up and down the small room. “Look I know he was trying to provoke me, and I shouldn’t have given in. But the moment he put his hands on Peter I just saw red. I know what he is capable of and so do you.” Pepper was one of the few people who knew about his suspicions about Justin Hammer, the others being Rhodey and now May.
Thor muttered something into the pillow.
“Is… Is that glitter?” Bruce asked, narrowing his eyes and leaning closer towards Clint.
Noticing her confused look, he shook his head. “A good dancer.” He clarified.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh out loud and the sheer ridiculousness of the scene in front of him. It wasn’t everyday that the God of Thunder and one of the most feared assassins in the world were fighting each other. At least not like that.
“And SHIELD will do everything in our power to find them. And when we do, we need you to be at full strength. So, we are going to send you on a little holiday.”
Four things happened at once. Bruce nearly chocked on his muesli, Tony spit out his coffee, Clint banged his head against the table and Natasha threw a bagel at Thor.
Of course, he knew that Tony was right, but every second spend not helping Bucky seemed like wasted time to him.
“Do I… Do I still have to drink if I don’t regret the tattoo?”
“It’s only bad when you do it alone.” Tony looked at the others. “Awe come on guys, don’t leave me hanging.”
Fury has been rambling on for what felt like hours and Tony was getting impatient. He shifted in his seat and sighed.
By the looks of it even being locked in a tiny room together wouldn’t get them talking.
When they eventually broke their embrace, Steve looked down at Tony, his eyes full of love and adoration.
Tony was sure he must have a concussion, because that wasn’t something Fury would say. He usually threw a fit when they wanted just a couple of days off.
“Now if you excuse me, I have a meal to prepare.” Bruce turned around on the spot and disappeared back into the kitchen.
“I could cook something. If we have enough food left.” Bruce offered, already getting up to go check the fridge.
Whatever.
And even though he just wanted to listen to Tony’s laugh all day, there was something else he had to do. “Well, Tony, I dare you to buy a toy phone, walk up to a stranger and tell them there’s someone on the phone for them.”
He shook his head again. “No. It’s not a tea shop. It’s a bakery.”
When Steve finally stepped out of the shower and dried himself off, he realised he forgot to bring a set of fresh cloths with him to the bathroom. With the towel wrapped around his waist, Steve opened the bathroom door, still lost in thought and bumped into a body. It was only thanks to his quick reflexes, that he caught the towel before it hit the floor, quickly bending down and pulling it back up to cover his groin as best as he could, almost losing his balance as his wet feet slipped on the floor.
“So, what are you up to today?” Tony asked, his eyes fixed on Steve.
Clint was still wearing his rainbow-glitter eyelashes and it definitely hasn’t stopped being funny yet and Tony honestly doubted that it ever would.
Tony, Tasha and Clint just ginned in reply. Yeah, he definitely wouldn’t be able to handle that.
As expected, Thor didn’t last long for the lack of bluffing skills. Tony couldn’t help but wonder how the game would have turned out if they had played against his brother Loki. Without all the murder and backstabbing, obviously.
“And who is Mister Rogers?”
Bucky went down faster and faster, bringing down everyone who stood in his way. He looked back to check for pursuers and met Steve’s gaze. There was this desperation again, that Steve had noticed on the bridge of the helicarrier a year before. The expression of a hunted animal, forced to fight, forced to fear every second of existence. All Steve wanted to do was help Bucky, keep him safe and protect him just like he had done when Steve was still a weak little kid from Brooklyn.
“You’re messing up the structural integrity of the castle!” Tony shouted, trying to grab the shovel from Thor.
“For Asgard.” Tony translated when he noticed the confused looks from everyone else.
“No!” Tony cut him off. “No painkillers.”
That was also exactly how Clint and Thor behaved. Neither of them really wanted to be there going on a hike, but both were too afraid of Nat to say no. Now they were sulkily walking behind her and Steve, who were leading them through the little jungle of the island, Natasha’s small frame next to Steve’s broad shoulders. Bruce and Tony tailed along in the back.
“If you say “like” or “Awesome” one more time, I will send you back to your Aunt.”
With a slight frown, Steve turned to Tony. “How come you never give me any jewellery?” He asked in mock hurt.
“Oh, just shut up.” Tony huffed and walked faster to catch up with Thor and Clint in front of him.
Instead the door was unlocked and opened. Tony practically leapt off Steve’s lap, clutching the undone apron to his chest, a sudden feeling of modesty coming over him, that was far from typical for him. The doorframe was filled by a broad figure.
Saving Bruce from a round of embarrassing questions, Steve continued the game. “Okay, never have I ever… seriously?” The super soldier looked over to Tony and raised a brow at him. “Never have I ever wished I was as smart as Tony.”
Tony’s grin was brighter than the sun, while Clint and Nat looked honestly disgusted.
“Sorry Mister Stark.” Just like Peter never got used to calling him Tony, he never got used to the kid’s little rambles. And he thought that he was the king of rambling. But he’d be lying if he said that he didn’t enjoy it. Sometimes Peter reminded Tony of himself when he was younger, just without the daddy issues and underage drinking. Like a version of himself that he could have been, if his early life had turned out less messy.
And before he knew it, he and Thor met up at least once a week in either one of their rooms to eat popcorn and watch the show together.
They found Tony and Thor facing each other, still hugging, while Clint was basically clinging to Tony’s back, spooning him.
Tony fled to the balcony for almost an hour talking on the phone to Rhodey, apparently having a very heated discussion about one thing or another.
“Uhm Tony could I talk to you?” Steve asked awkwardly. He would not make the same stupid mistake again and not talk to Tony. If this was going to work, they needed to communicate with each other.
Now it was his turn to roll his eyes. “Natasha, have you seen me flirt?”
“Flirting, for a start. And shoving him against a wall and shouting at him doesn’t count. Although I bet, he enjoyed at least one part of that.”
He shot her a venomous look. “You wanna play, Romanoff. We’ll play.” And with that he walked over to the nearest person to them. Squaring his shoulders, he cleared his throat. “Uhm, excuse me, but… Uhm that butterfly over there, do you hear it mooing too or is it just me?”
Come evening, they found themselves in the games room on the first floor. Clint had somehow convinced them, that playing darts was a really good idea.
The good-byes were all kind of awkward. Steve felt a little calmer now that they were finally taking action, but he and Tony still hadn’t spoken to each other by the time Sam showed up. While Nat and Clint were hugging, him wishing her good luck and giving it one last try to convince her to let him come with them, Tony stood in the back of the room with Thor and Bruce, arms behind his back. Somehow the distance felt too great to cover.
Steve crossed the room and pulled the still panting man into his arms.
This day had been interesting, to say the least.
Suddenly nervous, Steve took a deep breath and took out the lockpicking tools Natasha had given him for his last birthday. Even with his trembling fingers, the lock didn’t pose a problem to Steve. Taking in another deep breath, he pushed the door open and for the first time in 70 years he entered Bucky’s home again.
Bruce took a deep breath. “Because we just found out that there is a town to go to and you can’t just go into town without a propose. So, we’re going shopping.” It sounded like he was reciting something he had been told over and over again.  Natasha patted him on the head, looking very pleased with herself.
“Yes, b-“
When he finally opened his eyes again, he noticed Bruce and Steve staring at him in disbelieve.
A few minutes later Steve appeared at the pool, wearing the only pair of shorts he could find in his bag, even though he was sure he had packed more and none of them had the Star-Spangled Banner on them. He wondered who could possibly have changed them.
He didn’t even look at Steve. And that hurt the most. But he couldn’t expect Tony to just forgive him like that for how he had treated him last night. Just thinking about the way he shoved Tony against the wall and the way he had spoken to him with his voice full of anger made Steve feel very uncomfortable. Remembering how he had pressed his body against Tony’s- No! He really, really needed to stop thinking about Tony like that. There was just no point. Even if Tony wouldn’t be pissed at him, nothing would ever come of this and the sooner Steve accepted that, the better.
It wasn’t long before he came back with one inflatable in each hand.
He kept rambling on about blind backing the crust, but apart from Thor no one was really listening. Clint kept staring at Tony’s fake apron-boobs, earning him a clap on the back of his head from Natasha. “They’re not real!”
His top fix-it-plans were to either sweep Tony off his feet with a grand romantic gesture, flowers, chocolates and other rom-com clichés or… or to just pretend like nothing had happened.
She looked up at the God of Thunder, her eyes ever so slightly narrowed. “Yes?”
“Did you talk to Peter?”
If Steve had any idea about this movie, he defiantly wouldn’t have thought so.
"I'm sorry."
Half an hour later everyone was finally ready to leave. Steve lead them around the house to a garage with two SUVs in it.
“Thor, do you want to start?” Nat asked with a grin.
Tony leaned his back against the door and slowly glided down onto the floor. Pulling his legs up to his chest with his arms wrapped around them, he leaned his head against his knees.
He had to admit, that today had actually been fun. Not that he would ever admit that, especially not to Nat. But he had enjoyed doing something so normal like shopping with his group of very not-normal people. Sure, it was still a little awkward between Steve and, well everyone, but they were getting there. Tony caught Steve staring at him a few times, but he was almost certain that Steve hadn’t noticed him noticing. He had had that far gone look on his face, that he usually only gets when he’s either thinking of his past pre-capsicle, or when he was trying to figure out how to solve a tactical problem.
The beginning wasn’t all that bad. Harry and Sally met, bickered, met other people and then met again. All innocent enough. And then they were in a restaurant.
Bruce held his hand up to silence the two of them. “First,” he held up one finger, “it is no longer the Stark Tower but the
“You alright?”
At the end they finally were able to develop a solution against Adhesive X, but the baddies escaped, not before giving them a good beating.
The helplessness and sheer resignation in Steve’s voice, made Nat soften a little. “It’s not that difficult. There are basically seven easy steps you need to follow, and you can’t go wrong. First: Make eye contact, small glances and catching his eye. Hold the gaze briefly and then look away and smile. Two: Smile more. Preferably slowly and not like a maniac, maybe crinkle your eyes or something.”
Comments and kudos are live giving, so if you like what you read please feel free to share the love.
Tony put on a frown again. “Thirs-tea.”
On the beach.
When he peered over at her again, she gave him a small nod. Permission to speak again. “I did something about it. I yelled at him and slammed my door shut in his face. That ought to take care of it.” He sounded more tense, than he had intended, his hands wrapped tightly around the steering wheel, knuckles white.
It was a very close call between Clint and of course Thor. Both of them were too stubborn to let the other one win, so they ended up shoving more and more marshmallows into their mouths until Clint accidently inhaled one and nearly chocked. Naturally, Natasha fell into a laughing fit, because in her opinion choking on a marshmallow was the glorious death Clint deserved. Thor meanwhile took Clint nearly dying as a sign for his own victory, celebrating it by jumping on the sofa and raising his arms into the air and shouting… something. Since his mouth was still stuffed with the fluffy white treats, it was impossible to understand him. At least it was for normal humans.
“Well… yes. Did you think I cooked all this myself?” The only edible thing Steve was able to produce in the kitchen was omelette and apple pie, the letter throwing Tony into a laughing fit when he first found out. Apparently, it was just too cliché that Captain America made apple pie. And even with those quite simple dishes, Steve always made an impossible amount of mess, which as a consequence got him banned from the kitchen in the Avengers Tower. The team’s eyes went to the spotless kitchen.
“Steve, I know you’re in there and I know you’re not asleep.” Still only silence.
Thor’s confident smile gradually dropped, as Nat kept staring at him. Eventually he picked up his drink, like the rest of them.
Tony slowly nodded his head in appreciation. “I’m impressed.”
At least it wasn’t until Nat and Tony came up with a way to make it harder for Clint to play. For reasons unknown Nat had a blindfold with her which was now covering Clint’s eyes, then they spun him around in circles for half a minute, removed the blindfold and gave him three seconds to throw the dart.
Thor and Steve set out into the jungle, the latter bringing his sketch book with him to get some drawing done. They walked in comfortable silence for a while, each taking in the beautiful scenery around them.
Focus, Rogers! This was neither the time, let alone the place for this. Sitting in a cave of pillows with his four best friends was not how he had imagined the two of them getting together and oh how he had imagined it.
“Fine.”
No. Everything was completely normal and just like always. Nothing has changed.
“Is it just me or did that box just move?” Tony asked, tilting his head.
Sam arrived at the tower almost an hour later, ready for take-off.
“Maybe Cap and you need to get laid.”
During lunch he did his best to subtly watch Tony as to not miss any signs, all the while missing how Tony was fully aware of Steve watching him. There was a reason Steve was a soldier and not a spy.
And the God of Incredibly Bad Timing. Steve finally,
“Okay could we stop throwing carbohydrates around and focus on the fact that Steve is… Steve is… he’s…” Tony couldn’t bring himself to say it out loud. If it weren’t for the very strong reactions of everyone around the table, he would have just done it off as one of Thor’s jokes or misunderstandings. But Bruce hasn’t recovered form his almost deadly incident with his breakfast, Clint stopped banging his head against the table, but was still hiding his face in his hands and Natasha still looked like she was about to murder Thor.
Finally, Tony stopped the pacing and went to the living room. Just as Steve was about to get up and follow him, Tony returned with a file in his hand.
“A strong defence is more important than what you just said. And it’s a mighty fort not a castle!” Thor shouted back, holding the shovel out of Tony’s reach.
Natasha had a sprained wrist, Clint a broken nose, and even Americas golden boy had a cut lip.
A very naked Tony.
Tony would also be happy helping with that.
Looking at himself in the mirror in his bedroom, Tony sighed deeply. There were dark circles under his eyes, which to be fair wasn’t that unusual, and neither were the frown-lines on his forehead. He was a mess. Sure, he wasn’t as bad as he used to be. He had stopped doing drugs and prostitutes. He didn’t drink as much anymore and apart from the occasional poker night with the team he didn’t gamble either. But that didn’t mean he was good. He was still Tony Stark, certified mess. Working too much, sleeping too little, eccentric, stubborn and always needed to have the last word. How could anyone be into that?
Tony looked up at him, his mouth suddenly bone-dry.
“Oh sh-“ He didn’t even get to finish swearing, interrupted by laughing. Their bodies were still very close, and Steve could feel Tony’s whole form shaking with laughter.
Thor raised an eyebrow at Steve, who shook his head in the slightest way possible.
They made their way upstairs to get rid of their bags and explore the house. The bedrooms were amazing, each equipped with a king-sized bed with white mosquito nets spanning over the bedposts, a few comfy chairs surrounding a small table with fragrant pink flowers on it, and the obligatory minibar. The white pillows and cushions everywhere stood in a stark contrast to the dark wood of the furniture, floor and ceiling. One of the walls was a huge window front facing, depending on the room, either the ocean or the jungle, bathing the whole room in warm light.
“Afraid to admit that you’re scared of me, Stark?”
“Owner of a bookshop and that was years ago, so not only is your information as faulty as your technology you’re also three years behind everyone else. So, I see nothing has changed with you, Hammer.”
After a sullen silence, he finally replied. “He… he said he was very upset with us and that he did not want to talk to anyone, because he couldn’t trust us anymore.”
Steve’s head snapped around. “No! No truth!” After the whole “Never Have I Ever” fiasco the last thing he needed was another game of forced confessions.
Bucky’s metal hand clenched into a fist and came down hard next to Steve’s face. He pulled a rucksack out from the shattered floorboards and threw it behind him, off the balcony onto a roof below.
Yeah, the genius probably just hadn’t thought of it. So, it would be wrong to look. It would be wrong to turn his head ever so slightly to catch a glimpse of Tony.
“So were you.” Steve shot back.
Now all eyes were fixed on Thor, looking at the god, Steve’s mouth opened and closed again, his smile replaced by a frown.
“No. No more plans, Nat. No more schemes, no more games.” Clint sat up from where he was lying next to Bruce. “We’ve done enough.”
The car ride home was spent in absolute silence. There never has even been a quiet minute when there was more than two of them in the same place. Even more bizarre.
The blonde god shot Steve a desperate look, they both knew he was going to break, that the pressure and the questioning and curious stares from everyone was just too much for him. Steve couldn’t let them break him, he was a soldier after all and when he saw one of his men under fire, he couldn’t just leave him behind. He was the Captain.
“Show us.”
Finally, everyone clamed down enough to continue with the distribution of the presents. Absentmindedly, Clint tossed Tony a package. “Here. Enjoy it, there is more where that came from, but you won’t get any.”
“Thank god!”
Her slightly curled lips turned into a full-blown smile. “I’ll drive you.”
"I just... I have to leave!"
“That was planned?” Tony asked and now it was his turn to burry his head in his hands. Even with his brain working as fast as it did, and it did work very fast, he couldn’t comprehend the information he was just given. It was just too much. Steve liked, no loved, him. How was that possible? How could he not have known earlier? And what was he supposed to do now?
“Tell us.”
Yet none of it compared to Steve’s behaviour at dinner. At first, he thought maybe the super soldier was attempting to flirt, then when his eyes and lips started twitching, Tony assumed he was having a stroke. By the time Steve started asking about screwdrivers and stood right in front of Tony with his crotch on eyelevel, he was sure Steve was having a psychotic breakdown.
Both of them got back up from the floor, but before Bucky could jump out after his rucksack, another policeman stormed in, firearm blazing. To protect Bucky from the hail of bullets, Steve placed his shield in front of his friend, bullets bouncing off it. As soon as the clip was empty, Bucky neutralised the man, throwing his gun across the room.
How could he tell him that there could never be more between them than friendship, when Steve looked at him like that?
Natasha stepped away from Steve, shooting him one last glance before helping the pillow mountains building their fort.
Thor was ever curious so, he quickly climbed out of the pool to check out the toys.
“Behave.”
"Why? Why do you need to go away on our first Christmas together? And don't you dare say you have to take care of business because we both know that's bullshit!"
The towel still wrapped around his waist, Steve stepped over to the window, looking down to where Thor and Tasha were splashing each other with water in the pool. They looked like they were having a lot of fun and Steve just decided to join them, when something else caught his eye. Someone was walking from the house towards the beach and narrowing his eyes he recognised it was Tony.
Bruce pursed his lips and shook his head. “No, you heard right. I’m tired of cooking for you children. It’s time you learned how to take care of yourself!”
“Oh my go- Thor what happened?” Clint asked confused. He walked over to the blonde man and for the first time in while he felt the urge to hug another person.
There were hints of his friend’s residency all over the place.
Now he sat in the chair next to Aunt May’s hospital bed, the same cup of coffee he had with him since he left the house still clutched in his hand.
“Yes, she is bu-“
“What did he say?” Bruce asked gently.
Bruce nodded in agreement. “The only ones outside of this room who know about it are Vision and Wanda and they are there right now.”
Nat reached for the ice cream and averted her eyes. “Yeah. Sorry about that.”
Tony’s smile faltered a little. “Uhm… well I’ve got you in the Not-so-secret-Santa and uhm…I’ll give you your present later. When we’re alone.”
Tony shrugged. “Clint can be a… how do I say this without using a bad language word?” The super soldier rolled his eyes. “Sometimes he can be a pain and when people are like that, we think of ways to make them pay.”
