“Oh!” Castiel squeaked, his eyes fluttering as the intoxicating scent of leather and apples surrounded him. He found his arms moving of their own accord to come up and wrap around the broad shoulders of ‘Dean.’
Castiel saw Dean say his goodbyes, and he marveled a little as Dean hugged Krissy and gave her several kisses, smiling as she pushed him away and then ran off again. Dean gave Ben the same treatment, but Ben just giggled and hugged Dean, not letting go until Krissy came back to show him something. After that, Ben wiggled in Dean’s arms until Dean put him down. He and Krissy ran off together now, and their parents followed after saying goodbye to Dean.
“Already submissive,” Crowley said under his breath so only Meg and Cas had been able to hear. Meg smiled at her father and nodded her head.
“You know what else I think you’d like,” Dean asked, moving himself back down to kiss the insides of Castiel’s thighs. “Getting eaten out.”
They jostled him a bit and Castiel felt his head fall onto this person's shoulder. His nose pressed against what he assumed to be their neck and in one shaky inhale, one breath of redwoods, Castiel felt safer than he ever had. Not even being Arkangel gave him this kind of feeling.
“Who wants dessert?” Benny asked, standing up gathering people’s plates. Cas shot his eyes over to Dean and gave him a grin.
“Yes,” She said quietly. “I thought it was just my imagination, and I was hoping that you and Jo were together so that I could just pass off the resemblance to my imagination. But…”
“I love you too, Cas,” Dean responded, sliding his arms around Cas’s middle and pulling him back against his chest. “Now close your eyes and relax. I know you’re tired, so I’ll talk to you until you fall asleep.”
Dean almost smiled back, because his boyfriend’s smile was infectious. All gummy and genuine, it was hard not to smile when Castiel smiled. But the kitten in his arms drew Dean’s attention back to the absolutely ludicrous idea that had just been proposed.
“I know it’s hard,” Cas said, scratching Dean’s back soothingly for a few moments before he continued. “Trying to accept other’s love when you don’t love yourself…”
“You are going to love the garden,” she said. Castiel felt Jess come up next to him and loop her arm through his.
“Gods, you look so fucking amazing in these, Cas,” Dean said, hooking his thumbs back under the bows and pulling the pink satin fabric down just enough so that he could swallow down Cas’s cock.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Cas whispered, using his thumb to wipe away the tears that had began to fall from Dean’s eyes.
“Let’s go,” Castiel said, grabbing Dean’s hand and pulling him outside. He felt this spark shoot through him at the touch, and when they were safe from being in the way of people outside, Castiel was reluctant to let Dean’s hand go. But he did, and instantly missed the sparks he felt. “So, um, anyway,” he said, looking at his coffee to keep Dean from seeing him blush. “I wanted to say thank you, because you’ve really made the past few days bearable.”
“I said it’s fine,” Castiel said. He couldn’t look at Rachel, but he hoped she knew that in that moment it was just that: fine. Later was a different story, but right now, it was fine. “I’m going to see Arkangel.” Castiel left before either Gadreel or Rachel could protest. He walked the halls as fast as he could in his state, not really taking in anything but the sound of his own heart beat.
“I can’t—” Cas gasped, “I can’t breathe!” He pushed his face into Dean’s neck. Dean jumped off the side of the house and a jolt of pain spread out through Cas’s body, emanating from his stomach. He bit the junction where the pirate’s shoulder met his neck to stop himself from screaming. Dean’s other arm came around him and he felt wind rushing past him and heard loud, quick steps being taken. Dean was running.
Sam came back around to stand before the King at the same time Ash finished tying Meg up. He smiled at Crowley and shook his head.
“Yeah, I get it. Family is complicated,” Dean said, “You know my relationship with my dad wasn’t great, and I never really knew my mother. My brother is really the only family I have.”
It wasn’t that Castiel didn’t have good memories of his childhood. It was that the good ones he did have didn’t include anyone but himself and the absolute worst memories all included his father, Zachariah, and his siblings. And now that Zachariah was dead, as bad as it sounded, Castiel wasn’t sad. He wasn’t happy or relieved, either, no, he really wasn’t. But he wasn’t…sad.
can choose their mate, but true mates are when your wolf chooses a mate. It’s the one person who reflects your wolf perfectly,” Gadreel said slowly, focusing intently on the words he chose. “A true mate is the person you’ll spend the rest of your life with. And it looks like your omega chose Dean.”
“That’s me: sweet as my mom’s cherry pie.” Dean re-locked his door, and turned to Castiel. “Now, circling back,” he began, “You say you’re ready to be fucked, but what’s the biggest dick you’ve taken?”
It clicked for Castiel, then. Lucifer never left Abomination’s back open, never took his eyes off his opponent, and he didn’t have as much power behind his strikes like other beasties. Lucifer had to know every move his opponent made before they made it because he needed to be able to adjust Abomination’s stance in accordance to how his opponent moved, and he couldn’t deliver staggering blows because Abomination’s skeleton didn’t have the strength to back them up.
Dean snorted, because no way had Castiel actually been blown or eaten out. And Dean could prove it. He shifted his weight back into his knees so he could snake his free hand down to tease at Castiel’s entrance. A smile came to his face because what that got him was slick, more slick, and even more slick as he slowly started to ease his finger into Castiel’s tight hole.
“It’s good, they’re not too tight,” Cas said, answering Dean’s question before he asked it. He smiled and came to stand at the foot of his bed, looking at Cas.
“I think you need to spend some time alone with yourself so you can get back in synch with your omega,” Meg said, pulling away to guide Castiel to his bed. She helped him under the covers and tucked him in.
“That will be all, gramercy,” Castiel said. Dean gave Alastair and his company one final goodbye, and then they were off.
Dean nodded and headed out, walking at a slow pace into his cabin and smiling when he got in there and saw Ben curled up against Lisa’s side. He changed into a nightshirt and pants before crawling under the covers and scooting closer to the Braeden's.
“I will send for you when I have word your heat has ceased, and we both have clear heads,” He said, sounding just as miserable as his posture looked, “Anon.”
Rachel turned to him as he tried to get that stinging feeling out of his nose and looked at him pointedly.
“That’s good for him. But as painful as it is, I got to the point of moving on.” Cas sat back down. “May I have some privacy now? I’d like to change into some clothes.”
“Don’t be insolent,” Michael said, “His Majesty, King Crowley is getting out at the chapel and Her Royal Highness will join us later.”
No one spoke, not even Crowley, as Jo and Ash pulled their guns up and aimed at the bottom of a boat each. They pulled the trigger and Cas jumped. He hadn’t known the sound from a gun could be so loud.
Castiel let out a short scream and Dean felt him coming, squeezing impossibly tight. Dean watched as Castiel’s cock jumped and shot out a load of his release, and Dean took that opportunity to lean back over the omega and start fucking him slowly, drinking in the squeals Castiel let out every time he bottomed out.
“I do not understand what is going on,” Castiel said, wrapping his arms around himself as tears began welling up in his eyes, “Meg, I do not know what I feel. I thought I did not want to be mated, but my omega will not let me even think about saying no to Dean. Still, the thought of being mated is terrifying, and when I admit that to myself, my omega agrees.” Castiel felt the dam in his eyes break and tears began falling down his face. “Yet as soon as I touch on the subject of telling Dean no to mating, it goes berserk again! I do not know what to say or feel or even think!”
Castiel didn’t look up but nodded his head to let the guard know he’d heard. He didn’t lift his head for the rest of the long trek to the room prepared for him. The feeling of being exposed and humiliated didn’t lessen until the guards showed him into the room and the door closed after them.
pirate.” Cas sucked in a shaky breath, closing his eyes and tightening his legs around Dean’s waist.
“Okay…” Michael said quietly; suspiciously. “Either way, you need to get a week’s worth of clothes packed. We’re leaving as soon as you have your things together. Meet me down at the carriage when you’re done.”
Amara sat still for a second and then stood up slowly, looking at Castiel the entire time. “That,” she said, “can be arranged.”
Cas shook his head, “No, that’s not it.” He walked into the hallway with Dean following him closely until they got into Dean’s room and he headed over to the desk, leaning back against it. “He just... Said some things to me... About you.”
Jo scowled at him and stomped off. Benny followed a few seconds later, saying a quick bye as he went to his old room. Gabe sighed and laid down on the kitchen table.
Dean gave a half shrug. “One of the perks of being the boss's escort is I get to go anywhere I want when she doesn’t want me.”
“Yeah,” Dean rasped, opening his eyes and smiling at Cas. He pulled out slowly, moaning Cas’s name as he did. Cas inhaled sharply and shuddered when Dean slipped out all the way. Dean undid Cas’s restraints, tossing them off the bed, and fell down beside Cas when he was done. Cas slowly let his legs straighten out as he panted. Dean turned his head to look at him and smiled. Cas looked so thoroughly fucked and sated, it made Dean’s chest swell with pride. “C’mere and I’ll massage your wrists.”
Dean jumped down from his spot, landing with a thud a few feet in front of the damned man. “P.T. Sandover?” Dean asked, stepping up to kneel in front of the man. He pulled the sack off his head and smiled menacingly. “Welcome, my name is Dean Winchester.”
“Oh, and take these,” Gadreel said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a small plastic bag with two small pink pills. Castiel nodded, and Gadreel let go of his arm. “In other news, Rachel rescheduled the fight tomorrow tonight.”
Dean didn’t even have to use his usual trick of running his tongue along Castiel’s bottom lip to get him to open his mouth; because when Dean went to do it, Castiel’s lips were already parted and waiting for Dean to push his tongue into his mouth. Dean took that permission and ran with it. He quickly took control of the kiss and tangled his tongue with Castiel’s, coaxing it easily into submission so he could familiarize himself with the intricacies of Castiel's mouth.
Dean shifted down between Castiel’s legs, pulling his fingers out of the omega’s heat so he could undo his pants. Castiel whined for him, panting and shaking in anticipation for his alpha.
“I can’t wait any longer,” Castiel said, and if Dean were a better man, that wouldn’t have affected him as much as it did. If Dean were more in control of his alpha, he wouldn’t be moving back up and pushing Castiel’s legs impossibly more open. If Dean didn’t love sticking his dick in willing omegas to watch them come from it as much as he did, maybe he wouldn’t be watching every little movement Castiel made as the omega rose back up onto his elbows. And if Dean wasn’t such an alpha, he wouldn’t be shoving his tongue down Castiel’s throat as he ripped his own boxers off.
“You bet,” she smirked, dropping her eyes to Cas’s covered lower half. “Is it normal for guys to be so small?”
Castiel clenched his fists in fury, because how could Zachariah do this? He knew more about what Castiel and his siblings were and what their powers could do, and he
“Gilda!” Dean screamed, hurting his throat but not caring in the slightest. He swung himself and Cas onto the Impala and dodged people to get to the medical cabin. “Gilda, you in here?!”
“Good. Now, if any one can show just cause, why these two willing mates may not be joined together, by any law, let them now speak, or else hereafter keep silent for all time,” Bobby said, waiting only a second before he continued, “There being no objection to this marriage let us continue.” He turned to Castiel again, “Swear you now, in this sacred room, that there is no reason known to you that this union should not proceed.”
“I don’t like him either,” Cas said. “He kept interrupting me. He wouldn’t let me get more than five words out. And he kept looking at me like he wanted to eat me.”
“Cas.” Dean sounded like he wanted to say more. And now Castiel could see the next few minutes unfolding before him: Dean would make some excuse to leave and start skirting any calls or texts Castiel sent his way, and eventually he would block Castiel…
None of the other safe places were viable options to leave Cas because only Bobby knew where they were and now that Abbadon had been to visit him, there was a major chance she had the map of where each house was, and if the positions were reversed, Dean would have a team staked out at each place in case Abbadon or Abbadon’s loyalists showed up.
Cas shifted uncomfortably. He could feel the sticky and unpleasant outcome of last nights activities still sitting in his drawers. “Dean, wake up,” Cas nudged the pirate. “Dean.”
“Don’t tell me,” Dean said, grinding down into Cas. “Show me.” He sucked on Cas’s neck and made sure to rub against Cas in just the right way.
Maybe deciding to walk home after the day Castiel had had wasn’t a good idea, but it was only a half hour walk. And Castiel liked being outside. Fresh air, city noises, and the lights as people wound down for the day was calming. New York may be the city that never sleeps, but there was a certain routine that people had when the sun went down, and Castiel had always liked being able to witness that.
“I saw you today.” He gritted his teeth and then pushed past Dean, making sure not to look back over his shoulder when Dean called his name. When he heard Dean’s footsteps following him, he sped up his pace.
In the past two weeks, Castiel had seen Dean once more, but that was only during dinner and they had exchanged maybe five words at the most. Instead, Castiel had been spending his time with Jess, Gilda, Charlie, Meg, and of course, Alfie. Jess and Gilda had been the two he’d spent most of his time with because they’d been helping him to find things he liked to occupy his time. Seeing as he spent most of his time now cooped up in his new room, finding a hobby was the only thing keeping him occupied.
As soon as the door closed, he shoved Dean against it, kissing his husband hungrily. He grabbed desperately at Dean’s clothes and groaned in irritation when they wouldn’t come off.
“Do you think any of you have the right to ask anything of me? After everything this family has done to me?” Castiel seethed. “I was abandoned! First by dad when I didn’t have powers, and then by all of you! You just stood by and let me be forgotten and ignored!”
“Dean, I—” Cas tried again to formulate a coherent sentence. But, again, was stopped short by Dean’s mouth on his chest. His head fell back as he moaned and arched his back further upwards. In a swift motion, Dean closed his lips around the bud between his teeth and sucked harshly. Cas let out a howl, “Stop!”
“You do not have a choice either,” he said. Alfie opened his mouth to protest, but Castiel stopped him with a hand on his arm. He pulled Alfie into a hug, and whispered into his ear that he would be alright. After that, the guards ushered him out of his chambers and up the stairs to the kitchen.
“What… What happened?” Cas asked, tears of both happiness that Dean was here, standing in front of him, and horror of what had happened to give Dean this horrible wound.
Dean nodded slowly. “I did. I wasn’t going to go through with it. But he said he didn’t want his first time to be on his wedding night with someone that didn’t love him—someone that he wasn’t even attracted to and was just going to use him.” Dean looked up into his brother’s eyes. Sam blinked before frowning in understanding. Charlie rested her head on Dean’s shoulder.
“Okay, you three stay here while I take Cas to the edge of the forest,” Dean said, not commanding them to obey, but asking.
“Alas, your Majesty,” Castiel whispered. Dean was silent again, but when it became clear to him that Castiel wasn’t going to continue talking, he took the initiative.
When he woke up, two months later, he was told it had been Rachel who’d found him being cut up by the raiders. She tried to scare them off, but two of them had panicked and charged her—no doubt meaning to kill her—but Rachel never left her house without a gun, and she’d killed the two of them. That had been what scared the rest off.
“I’m sorry?” Rachel’s face contorted into a look of hurt, and Castiel felt a momentary minute of guilt.
And Castiel didn’t believe someone could be so perfect all the time. He knew Dean had to have some crack in his facade, and as his eighteenth birthday grew closer, the more paranoid Castiel became that Dean would snap.
Cas stayed silent for a moment, unable to give an actual answer yet because a lump had formed in the back of his throat. He only smiled because he’d been looking at some gardenias and had a flashback to when he’d given Dean a bouquet of asters and gardenias before he left one instance a few years ago. When he came back, Dean still had the flowers. Pressed and tied together and hung up along the headboard of their bed. It had made Cas’s entire week to know that Dean cherished his gifts so much to save them for so long.
“Meg, we talked about this,” she said quietly, “You cannot be your normal, brash self. Castiel is different and he will need time to adjust to... Well, you.”
“Is that the only word you know?” Dean asked, a scolding tone in his voice. Cas bit his lip to stop the cry he was about to let out.
“Don’t be dramatic, Dean, you didn’t even know I existed before last night,” Castiel said, and Dean froze for a moment as Castiel looked into his eyes. “There was literally no way for you to have influenced me. You didn’t force me to come here last night. I came here because
Dean craned his head to snarl right into Cas’s ear, “This hard enough for you?” He punctuated his sentence with another snap of his hips. Cas hung his head, whimpering in answer to Dean’s question. He felt his orgasm building faster than he thought possible.
“Okay, we’ll be there in a minute,” Rachel said, and then turned back to Castiel, about to continue her story about her year in Spain when Benny hummed to get their attention again.
“Cas is only sixteen. He is too young to be mated,” Charlie said, “It is the law that any subjects younger than eighteen are not to be mated under any circumstances. Dean decreed it.”
The person swore under their breath as they stood up, and when they looked up to face the group of people in front of them, Castiel gasped.
“Can I jump through time? Technically. Should I?” She cut up the banana and then looked up directly at Castiel. “I should
“I love you,” Dean said, giving Cas a peck. “More than words can say.” Dean kissed Cas again, slowly and lovingly, taking both their breaths away before they settled down in each other’s arms, listening to the steady breathing of one another.
Dean started, “I’ve found a place for us on the other side of the woods where we can spend the day together doing whatever pleases us. I’ve had Benny make pie and cobbler for dessert when we get back. We’ll do lunch there. For breakfast, I was thinking we’d stay here and let everyone give you the presents they got—”
“Like you,” Dean said, giving Cas his hand to help him down some rocks. Cas rolled his eyes, but smiled at Dean before looking back at the lake.
Castiel’s heat kept spasming around Dean’s cock with every thrust, like his body couldn’t figure out if it wanted Dean deeper inside him or to push him out. It felt so good and Castiel looked so blissed out, Dean couldn’t stop from speeding up his pace until he was fucking Castiel in earnest. It only took a handful of thrusts until Castiel went silent and Dean pulled away to make sure the omega was okay.
“Green,” Cas said, throwing his head back and rocking his hips faster into Dean’s. “Oh my gods, Dean! Oh… Oh! Fuck, oh!”
Major trigger warning tho! Dean has a nightmare(/memory) and he and Cas deal with the aftermath of that nightmare.
Dean shrugged him off. “No, it’s fine. I’m just glad you’re okay. Everything is okay now,” Dean said, smiling. Cas smiled back and grabbed Dean’s hand.
“So, Jo, I hate do this…” he started, “But I don’t think that we can do a movie after dinner.” He turned to look at Jo, looking the perfect picture of smug. “I’m gonna need to fuck him till he passes out several times tonight.”
“You know,” Cas panted, gripping Dean’s shirt collar as Dean’s tongue trailed along his neck. “If I wasn’t so tired from earlier I’d want to fuck again.”
“What would be a good way to say ‘I ganked this bitch so fast she didn’t barely had time to scream?” Dean asked, looking over at Cas on their bed, reading a book. He was lying stretched out width-wise on the bed on his back with the book held above him.
“Please…” Cas heaved, pulling on his restraints helplessly. Dean pulled his fingers out and looked at the line of white coating Cas’s chest. He shook his head and clicked his tongue.
Castiel could feel his eyes itching. “That is still rape,” he said, cursing whatever being that would let this happen—to him, to Dean, to anyone.
“It used to be yellow like bees, but once I saw your eyes it changed,” Cas said shyly, “It’s a beautiful color.”
He leaned in, stopping so his mouth was right next to Cas’s ear, and whispered, “C’mon darling. Don’t be like that. Why not save the time and just go find somewhere we can be alone right now. Your so pretty and you need to be taken care of. You deserve a real
“See, Dean... Castiel does not seem to be coming to terms with the idea of mating and marriage,” Bobby said, “You need to think of the good of the kingdom. They need a Queen, and I do not think Castiel is the right fit. You should begin looking towards other omegas—or betas, even—in case Castiel does not agree to the throne.”
Looking around, he dashed into one of the alley ways and then made his way into the woods, running along the path he and Dean took in the early hours of the mornings after they’d woken up.
“That’s true,” he said, “but I also can’t imagine you not being good at something you’re passionate about.”
“Are you saying you wish to exchange bites?” Dean asked, his voice raspy and wheezy, still, “It is still quite early for that, I think.”
“The heat aids?” Alfie asked before Castiel could say anything, and Castiel was a little grateful for that.
Ellen carefully walked to the foot of the bed and held the loaf out to him. When Castiel didn’t move to touch it, she frowned.
Dean paused, “Do these…” he looked at the little bows on the sides of the panties and tugged slightly on one of the ribbons hanging down. It gave away a little and made one of the loops of the bow smaller. “These come undone?”
“You’re right,” Cas said, disappointed but quickly perking up thinking about seeing Dean again. Cas pulled away from Dean, “I’ll see you tonight?”
“Yeah, um… I don’t know. You inspired me,” Dean said. Castiel’s heart absolutely pounded and the butterflies fluttered crazily inside him. Dean smiled and handed the angel out to Castiel. “Here, I want you to have it.”
Castiel’s entire train of thought came to a urgent and violent stop as he felt like he’d been punched in the gut. His omega scratched at his insides and howled in anger at him. It made him double over in pain, and grit his teeth to keep from crying out.
Castiel woke up to light streaming into his room, casting a pleasant white glow. He stretched and sighed happily, letting a hand drift down to his stomach. A deliriously happy smile spread across his face at the small bump he felt there. They’d only gotten married and had mated six months ago, but Castiel had already pupped after the first heat he spent with Dean. Ellen said that that was a good sign, but all Castiel knew was that he and Dean were beyond excited to welcome this little one to the world.
“Go to your room!” Dean yelled at Sam. Sam stood there for a stunned moment, just staring at Castiel with wide eyes, before he snapped back to himself and hightailed it out of the kitchen. “Damn it, Cas, do you have to be such an asshole?”
“Birthday sex,” Castiel blurted out, “I want to have sex. With you. Tonight. On my birthday. Before midnight.”
Castiel opened his mouth to answer, but stopped himself because the sentiment Alfie had left him with replayed in his head,
Cas smiled and fisted his hands in Dean’s shirt, tugging the man with him as he backed up to the bed. “Okay,” he said, pulling Dean on top of him once the back of his shins hit the comforter. Dean smiled and settled between Cas’s legs, stopping to intertwine their fingers. He leaned down and kissed Cas, the painful memory of Alastair fading away with each touch of his lips against Cas’s. He didn’t know how, but Cas had healing touches; and he was sure it
“I quite liked it, so I got the recipe and have been waiting for the perfect time to make it for you,” Dean said.
When Cas asked what Dean was going to do with Ava, because he couldn’t just let her out and back into Heaven obviously, Dean told him he had it taken care of. Cas realized it was probably something that wasn’t exactly legal and/or moral and he didn’t push Dean for an answer. He trusted Dean’s words and let the debacle fizzle out.
But everything comes to an end; some things sooner than later. And this time that Cas was happy didn’t last long. The breeze died down, and Cas was left breathing stale air. The same air he’d been breathing his whole life.
“No! Dad, stop it!” he giggled, failing to keep that straight face. Dean laughed and threw Ben into the air again, catching the boy when he came back down and spinning as he did so. Lisa came by and gave them a look, making Ben look away and Dean nod with a straight face. When she walked away, they both hunched in and talking in hushed tones, giggling every now and then.
“That’s what I like to hear,” she said to herself before slamming the bathroom door shut. Dean bit his tongue to keep himself in check. Sometimes he just wanted to strangle Amara. She was so easy to anger and so hard to appease when they went to the arena matches. The only way he could make it up to her was to completely submit to whatever she wanted after they got home. Sometimes that meant sex, but usually it meant a brutal night of—what she called fun, but it was torture for Dean.
Dean frowned at him and shifted to lay down on his stomach, using Cas’s belly as a pillow. “I have an alarm set for tomorrow.”
“I mean, yeah,” he said, “I wasn’t like my siblings. They were all…” There were a plethora of words that Castiel could use to describe them. Spectacular, amazing, super, magnificent, remarkable, miraculous, etc… Yet, all he could think of was the word his father used. “They were extraordinary,” he said, “And I was just… Me. I was just ordinary.”
He didn’t see any sign of him, though. Not for at least half an hour. He began to think that Dean had changed his mind and wasn’t going to come see him. But then he saw a quick movement in the shadows next to the ivy covered stone wall separating Castiel’s yard from his neighbors.
“Well, that may be true for your sister, but that’s just not true for me,” Castiel said, ignoring the pang of
“Yeah,” Castiel said, maybe a little too eagerly in answer. Dean’s face softened and his eyes shone at that and it made Castiel blush deeply. He looked away from Dean quickly and entered his room, shutting the door quickly. He stared at it for a few long seconds and then went back up to it, debating on whether to open it or not. In the end, Castiel didn’t. He knew if he opened it again, he wouldn’t be able to ask Dean what he wanted. Instead, Castiel called through the door. “When we first met you mentioned something about your brother.”
Dean roared as Castiel’s heat spasmed around his cock and his knot. He pulled Castiel into his chest and sat up, sinking his teeth into Castiel’s neck, relishing in the scream of utter pleasure Castiel let out.
“Cas,” Jess’s soothing voice lulled him to a dreamy state, “You do what you need to. This is what I am here for. We are here to help you.”
“But I mean… Come on, I would never be able to fit your needs. You want an alpha who’s nine inches,” Dean said, grinding down into Castiel and smiling at the way the omega’s eyelids dropped. “I could never compare because—”
When the night had come to an end, Dean and Castiel adjourned to their bedroom. Castiel was dead tired after all the toasts people gave and the dancing he and Dean did with their friends and family, but not tired enough to not want to finally claim his mate and be claimed in return.
“When Dean’s here you only pay attention to him,” Gabe tried to reason. “When Dean’s not here you focus more and listen during my lessons. And when he is—” he motioned to Cas’s slouched and tired frame. “—you’re falling asleep or daydreaming about Dean or something else that distracts you. I don’t want you to hate me, but I’m not sure Dean is a healthy influence on you anymore.” Cas took a deep breath, closing his eyes and straightening his back. He opened his eyes, turned to Gabe, looking straight into his eyes, and began speaking.
Number Five was nicknamed Meg. She was a beta, and she went missing just after they turned thirteen. Meg could teleport and if she’d gotten more practice before disappearing, their father said she’d have been able to jump through time, too. She had been Castiel’s closest friend growing up, and after she was gone things started to go downhill.
“What do you want to do for your birthday?” Dean questioned, turning his head to look at Cas, who was using his arm as a pillow. “It’s next week.”
Whoever this was, they continued to speak to him, and the deep richness of their voice, plus the calmness brought by their scent of redwoods and a running river, began to lull Castiel to sleep. He felt safe with whoever was carrying him. In that moment, Castiel couldn’t even force himself to care who it was. He just didn’t want this warmth to go away.
“Calm down,” Dean whispered and moved his fingers to circle Cas’s rim, making him cry out and push back against him.
Castiel wrung his hands together nervously. “It is forgiven, your Majesty,” he said, clipped and tight.
Castiel nodded again, reaching up to pull Dean down in for a kiss, but Dean dodged it and instead went to kiss his way down to Castiel’s chest.
Dean didn’t usually get visitors past 9pm. So, why there was a knock at his door at almost eleven at night, Dean didn’t know. Usually, his advice would be to just ignore it, because well, it was 11pm. Nobody important came around at that time of night.
“Dean,” Cas gasped, digging his nails into Dean’s shoulder blades as the last shock of his orgasm made him shiver. Dean answered with a low moan, pulling Cas against him as he pushed forward one last time. He pulled back to look at Cas, smiling as a warmth he’d only ever feel when Cas was with him spread through his chest.
“Alas, I, will try to call you…” Castiel couldn’t get himself to say it. Couldn’t say King Dean's name. “Prithee, forgive me, I do not feel comfortable doing that, alas, your Majesty,” he said, waiting for the inevitable anger of the king.
Dean said, and Castiel laughed a real laugh for what felt like the first time in a long, long time. And when he was able to compose himself, he could hear the awe in Dean’s voice as he spoke.
After he heard murmurs of agreement, he nodded and put the movie on, settling back in his seat as it played.
Note: I talk about Don Quixote in this chapter, but I have never personally read the book, so take what I write about it with a grain of salt.
“Aye,” Benny agreed, standing up as well and walking over to Cas to clap him on the back. “He’s changed.” Cas smiled; he felt as though something inside him had been stitched together after being broken for so long. The word whispered itself in his head:
“Trust me,” Dean interrupted again, “Sam, please. I have faith in our odds, but I can’t do this if you don’t trust me as your captain.”
“I have class Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from noon until six. And sometimes I go to a lecture on Tuesdays at one, but other than that feel free to call any other time,” Castiel said, and now it was Dean’s turn to nod.
Castiel let out a desperate pitched sigh and nodded his head vigorously as he looked down into Dean's eyes. The sight made Dean's alpha roar inside him, because Castiel's eyes were pure gold—Castiel had given control to his omega and his omega wanted Dean.
“I’ve never had a stutter,” he said, smiling at her. Meg just smiled back and shrugged before scanning the kitchen for something.
“Dean!” The blue-eyed boy almost yelled. Dean pushed the shirt up to expose Cas’s chest and took on of the sensitive nubs between his teeth, gently biting down. “
“Eager, are we?” Dean teased. Cas bit down on Dean’s lip; not hard enough to hurt, but hard enough to make the pirate shut up. Dean chuckled and continued to kiss the young man beneath him as he slid Cas’s pants and drawers off.
,” Cas said with finality. He traced the edges of the scar along Dean’s spine. “All these rough edges and blemishes on your skin… You’re still beautiful even though you have them. You’re stunning, Dean.” Cas lifted himself onto his toes to kiss the back of Dean’s neck where Alastair’s disgusting excuse of a
“Your Majesty.” He nodded to Crowley. “Your Royal Highness.” A nod to Meg. “Father.” He gave a final nod to Michael and stood up. “Pardon me, but I’m exhausted. I’m going to take my leave and turn in for the night. Thank you for the lovely dinner and excellent wine. It was all very delicious,” Cas said, turning to nod at Alfie in a silent asking for him to follow. He got a quick, almost imperceptible, nod in return.
Cas pouted, turning his head to the side. “No,” he muttered, sounding a little like a petulant child. “Wanna talk with you.”
“You spent the last three hours teasing me,” Dean said, giving him an amused look. “And you just had an amazing kind of orgasm. I think I’m entitled to a little teasing.”
“They’re not true, you know. Just hopeless wishes of men who want to be more than they are,” Crowley said, waving his hand in the air. “Alonso Quixano isn’t a great man, either. Took advantage of Sancho Panza. He’s a bobolyne if there ever was one…”
to make Dean scream. There was a scar in his back that at one point had been a cut so deep his spine could be seen. An
“Thank you,” Dean said quietly, hugging Charlie tightly. After he pulled away, Dean was bombarded with hugs and wishes of
“Anything for you,” Dean added another finger and rubbed against that special spot that made his boy writhe.
Dean nodded, “Yes.” He pecked Cas and reached into the pocket of his discarded pants to grab the oil. “You want me to prep you first?”
“I want to tie your hands up,” Dean stated. “You do not have to say yes to this.” He set the rope down and rubbed Cas’s thighs. “I wanted to have this all about you. I want to give you a good birthday.”
Castiel rolled his eyes and turned to the direction he heard the men talking and interrupted, “Hey!” he said loud enough for them to look over, and when they did, Castiel didn’t miss the way their eyes widened and their mouths dropped open. “Arkangel’s pilot’s name is
Dean’s eyes flashed with rage and he began to say something but Jo came up and whispered something into his ear. He forced a smile onto his face before looking back to Ava, “Okay. You can come with us. I have a place set for someone just like you, actually.”
Cas threw his head back with his mouth open in a silent scream and arched his back into Dean violently, digging his nails into the man’s broad arms. He heard Dean cry out from somewhere far away. Cas was far too gone to be able to focus on anything but the feeling of Dean’s cock moving inside him.
“Amara is dangerous, Cas,” Dean said, “And I’m not saying that you have to lose your next match, you just—you have to be careful because Amara will come after you. I’m not supposed to know this, but she’s sending you up against Lucifer.”
“I make Hell seem like a drink of water on a hot day,” he said, keeping his voice low and dangerous. “I make the Gods
“Dean...” Castiel gasped. He stepped even closer to Dean and felt his eyes begin to itch. “I saw...”
“No, not for that, but for everything you’ve done for me,” Castiel said, “I mean… I haven’t felt this good since forever, really. And I think part of that is because of you.”
Cas was ushered towards the second one. He saw Alfie standing to the side, dressed as he usually was because he wouldn’t be attending the ceremony. Alfie’s duty was finished as soon as he got Cas into the carriage.
“Fuck, Dean,” Jo exclaimed, exasperated. “You’re letting your past affect you! Anyone with eyes can see you two are bloody soulmates. Cas is head-over-fucking-heels in love with you.”
” Castiel could barely get a coherent thought to go through his head. “Why are you sorry? Why are you guilty? What did you do? Wh-why—what are you ashamed of?”
Another big thanks to the wonderful human who betaed my fic, @spn-addict-taking-over-the-world on tumblr! Honestly, I feel this fic would be pretty much trash if they hadn't betaed it.
Benny felt himself relax, but only slightly. “I like you, Cas, but I need to make sure you’re not going to hurt Dean. He’s my best friend.”
“Where have you been?” Alfie asked, running his hands through Benny’s hair and resting their foreheads together. “Where have you been all these years?”
Fear gripped Castiel and he let out this horrible screech that had his siblings falling to their knees as they tried to block out the sound. While they were debilitated, Castiel reached out and grabbed ahold of each of them, lifting them in the air where he could see them.
“Father,” Cas started, “It’s five o'clock now, would you rather not stay here instead of going back to the house only to leave again?”
“I just... I knew I should not have, yet I could feel your agony, and I knew that if I had a chance to help you? I had to take it,” Dean said, “I am sorry for deceiving you.”
“That was Krissy and Ben,” Gilda said, “The two women are theirs mothers. Another omega couple, like Charlie and I; Lisa and Hannah.”
Abomination whipped his head around to look at Arkangel, rage and hatred clear in his eyes. He pushed himself up onto his legs, barely even able to turn himself around to face Arkangel before he screeched again and he fell back onto his hands. Castiel could see the lower half of his spine caved in now, too.
“You’re not suffocating me,” Cas rolled his eyes as he smiled. He bent his knees and wrapped them around Dean loosely. “I can still breathe. But I can feel your weight on me and it’s comforting.”
. And for another half hour before that Dean had been slowly thrusting into him at a teasing and unsatisfactory pace.
Dean chuckled, “Admiring the view?” He asked, putting his hands on his hips. “I thought you wanted to get to the good part?” Cas gave him a mischievous smile.
Dean shook his head to clear it, replacing his thoughts with solely Cas. Thinking of anything other than him would defeat the purpose of being alone at the moment.
“How could I say no to that?” Cas yawned, rolling over and giving Dean his wrists. Dean kissed them and smoothed his thumbs over the red marks that were rapidly disappearing. “I love you, Dean.”
. There was a slight burn, but overall it just felt good. Having Dean inside him was amazing. And when he pulled himself back up, pleasure sparked through him and he shot his hand out to grab Dean’s other shoulder.
Dean nodded like he understood. A part of Castiel wanted to yell at him because Dean would never understand. But he knew if he made a stink about Dean not being able to understand, Dean would just agree with him on that front, too. Dean would just nod again and apologize. There was no point in saying anything, so Castiel went back to his task at hand: building a new robotic eye for Arkangel because in the last fight, the old one had been damaged.
Dean leaned forward and face Cas a kiss on the head, standing back up and leaving Cas in bed. Cas closed his eyes for what felt like only a second before the bed dipped and a warm body slid up against his. He opened his eyes and smiled as he saw Dean settling in.
“No!” Castiel whimpered as he let out a strangled high moan. Dean couldn’t help but notice his body still shivered at the thought and he spasmed around Dean’s cock.
“I can walk you part way home, maybe?” Dean offered. Castiel looked back up at Dean curiously and was surprised to see Dean’s face morph into a look of uncertainty. “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable or think I’m some knothead,” he quickly said, laughing under his breath nervously. “I guess I just want to make sure you’re okay and get at least part of the way home alright.”
It made Castiel dizzy, the circles they were talking in. He didn’t truly begin to listen back in until Gadreel’s voice started to boom in that way it only did when he got impossibly angry.
Cas scrambled to find purchase anywhere on Dean’s chest or back. “Yes! Yes, yes Dean, please!” His mouth hung open and sobs were fucked out of him. “I’m so close.”
Castiel hesitantly shook his head. He caught Jess and Charlie just in time to see them both share another odd look before they both schooled their features.
Cas smiled. “Scoot back,” he said. Dean did as he was told, watching Cas sink to his knees and pull at the knot of Dean’s pants, letting out a frustrated groan when he wasn’t able to undo them and had to sit back to let Dean work the knot out.
“Once Dean offers to take me with him — once Dean gives me a place in his crew, I’m going with him. I’m leaving with him and I’m not coming back.”
“Patience, patience,” Dean used his captain voice, making Cas whine. The pirate splayed his hands on Cas’s stomach and slowly ran them up his body, savoring the feel of the angel’s skin under his hands. “I’m serious, Cas; you’re
Dean nodded again. “Yeah. And once he is married, I my contract with Amara expires. I can finally leave and you and I—”
“Sh,” Dean smiled, making Cas whimper pitifully. He leaned over, placing kisses along Cas's spine before moving to circle his tongue around the rim of Cas’s entrance. Cas jerked back against him, whining out a desperate plea for more. Dean smiled before pushing his tongue into Cas — as well as two of his fingers to rub against the spot that made Cas go crazy. The young man pulled on his restraints and cried out helplessly. He mewled and pushed back against Dean's mouth until Dean put his hand on his lower back, keeping him still.
“Don't talk Dean,” Cas whispered, kissing the man’s collar bones before dragging his lips across Dean’s skin slowly. “Let yourself feel everything I'm doing, okay?”
“Cereal,” he said. “But can we not get the sugarless kind this time? That stuff you got last time sucked.”
“No!” Cas squealed, laughing as he ran away and weaving between tables and chairs in the mess. He was hoping that with being smaller and more lithe than Dean, he could throw the man off his balance by zigzagging around the tables. But he’d forgotten how graceful Dean always was with his movements and a moment later, he felt Dean’s arms wrap around his waist and spin him around to lay him down onto his back gently on a table. Cas laughed and bent his knees up to frame Dean’s waist as his wrists were pinned above his head on the table beneath him.
“Yeah… Thanks. He was my father, but I don’t really think he really understood what it meant to love,” Castiel said. Dean quirked an eyebrow and Castiel quickly added, “I-I mean, he had seven kids, but I was always left out of their… Activities. He put them above everything, and I was always just… Unlucky Number Seven.”
Cas pulled off Dean’s length with a quiet pop, never stopping his hands, to speak. “It’s okay, Dean,” he said, kissing over Dean’s exposed tip. “Come for me?” Dean looked down to see Cas suck as much of his length as he could into his mouth. With that sight burned into his retinas, he felt his release start to bubble up in his abdomen almost painfully. Cas looked up at him through his lashes and bobbed his head faster, never breaking eye contact with Dean.
“That’s impossible,” Castiel said, looking over Dean’s face. He traced along Dean’s bottom lip and frowned, gathering his strength before just forcing himself to get it out. “There’s more, though, Dean… The night before we were supposed to go home from camp,
“Gramercy, Meg,” Castiel said softly. Meg gave him a smile and leaned down to kiss his forehead. She pulled away and began to leave, but Castiel grabbed her wrist. “I mean it Meg. Thank you for helping me through this.”
Dean came to Castiel’s chamber an hour after sunrise and woken him. He asked if Castiel wanted to see the city, and Castiel jumped at the chance.
“Did you try the corn pudding?” Lisa asked, bringing a forkful of said food up to her mouth. “It’s to die for.”
“Cas?” Dean asked, and Castiel’s anger dissipated in a matter of seconds as he looked at Dean. His heart hurt from the distance between them.
“Yes,” Cas said, bucking his hips into Dean’s. Dean got the message and sat up on his heels. He took his member in his hand and caught Cas’s eyes as he lowered his hips to Cas’s to grip the smaller man’s cock in the same hand.
“Yeah,” Cas breathed out, lifting his arms for Dean to slide it over his head and throw it on the floor. Dean immediately put his hands back on Cas’s body, trying to touch every part of him at once.
Rachel laughed. “Of course, you are. You’re not staying at a hotel,” she said, and tried to tug him further towards the wing of the house where their rooms were.
Dean yelled out in surprise, threading his hand into Cas’s hair. But Cas batted his hand away, looking up at Dean and shaking his head as best he could. Dean tried to respond but found himself letting out a long, low moan as Cas’s tongue worked magic across the underside of his cock.
“That’s good,” Cas mumbled, pushing his hands through Dean’s hair and smiling at the sighs Dean exhaled through his nose.
The man walked around to tie Cas’s hands together behind his back and then his feet together. “Don’t move,” he said, and there was something familiar about his voice.
“Are you alright if my brother comes with us?” He asked. Castiel had heard so much about Sam from Jess, and he felt like he already knew him. Sam was an alpha, but he was raised by Ellen. And even though he was an alpha, Castiel felt a tad more comfortable meeting him after he’d been told Sam had only ever met John twice in his entire life.
“Dean,” Cas whimpered. Dean rocked his hips into Cas, pulling out not even an inch each time before pushing back into Cas. “I love you, I love you, I love you…” Cas repeated himself like a prayer, clinging tight to Dean in every possible way.
Castiel’s twenty fifth birthday was his favorite. After months of dropping hints for Dean—so many that he was one more week away from doing it himself—Dean proposed to him. Castiel immediately said yes, of course, and that night began making preparations for their ceremony. Jess, Gilda, Charlie, Meg, and Alfie helped him get everything together, and three months later he was woken up at sunrise to get ready for his and Dean’s big day.
, Cas chided himself. He shook his head and forced himself to go over the trial that had just finished.
Dean didn’t look at her when he spoke. “Of course,” he whispered, watching Ben’s face. “I’d do anything for you and… And my... My
He made his way over to the sitting area in front of the fireplace and stood in the middle of the space, thinking. This was all happening so fast. Not even an hour ago, he and Alfie had a plan. And he didn’t know how it was ruined. No one knew he was going into heat! He and Alfie had been so careful not to let anyone know. They’d even been stocking up on aromatic herbs and plants to place around his room so that his heat-scent wouldn’t be as noticeable. There was no way anyone could have known that he’d gone into heat! No one knew!
He looked at the objects displayed in the window and paused at the typewriter he saw. It was one of the really old ones, but it looked like it was in near perfect condition. Castiel had always wanted one, but he’d never found one he really saw himself using. This one, though, he actually quite liked.
Sam said something to let him know he heard and then was off, yelling for people to gather on the main deck. As Sam spread the news, Dean stood still, going over everything in his head.
“My dad’s leaving for a business trip the night before and won’t be back for a few days. He’s been talking about it non-stop. He’s going to meet with the Crowley family from the Royal Kingdom about a new proposal to make Heaven an extension in their kingdom. He’s trying to offer them a priceless heirloom we’ve kept in the family for generations to make up for me missing the previous meeting and
“You’re there, baby,” Dean cooed, “Oh, baby, you did such a good job.” He kissed along Cas’s jaw and neck as Cas panted, trying to catch his breath.
Cas swallowed Dean’s cum, sucking gently for a few beats of his heart before pulling off and standing up. He pushed Dean’s pants down to the floor and Dean immediately kicked them off, allowing himself to be guided to the bed and to be roughly pushed down onto it. Cas told him to sit at the headboard and Dean followed through, watching Cas as he stripped quickly.
Dean stopped, finally, and looked her dead in the eyes. “I told you back then you should have taken the second chance I gave you.”
At the first flick of his tongue on Castiel’s nipple, Castiel grabbed a handful of Dean’s hair and tugged his head away from him and moaned.
“Something more new than what we’re already doing?” Cas asked, cocking his head to the side and smiling. Dean smiled back and huffed out a laugh.
When Castiel got back to his room, Jess, Charlie, and Alfie were waiting for him in front of the fireplace. But now there were two other people sitting with them. Jess got up as soon as the door closed and brought him over so she could introduce him to the newcomers.
“I don’t like not waking up next to you,” he mumbled, opening his mouth to let Dean put a piece of chocolate into it. “I want to wake up next to you every morning.” Cas lifted his arm again, giving Dean an apple slice and a piece of cheese. “I’m sorry for bringing this up right now… But I need to know; when are you going to take me with you?” Dean chewed slowly, taking his time to answer before he swallowed.
“I know.” Cas made a show of licking his lips; Dean’s eyes flicked down to them to watch. “Dean, kiss me?”
“You are absolutely stunning,” Dean said. Castiel blushed and reached out to pull Dean with him to their bed. He stopped at the foot and tugged at the knot of Dean’t pants.
“Fuck,” Dean growled, moving his hand down to grab Cas’s thigh hard enough he was certain there would be bruises in the morning. Cas moaned at the slight tinge of pain that accompanied Dean’s fingers digging into his flesh.
in love with you, honey,” she said with a laugh, “Has not stopped talking about you for sixteen years. It has been driving me mad.”
“I guess not this time, omega,” Dean said, nipping at Castiel’s mating gland. “It may push you past your limits.”
Cas stood up and gave Dean a quick kiss, “I don’t blame you,” he backed away, “I’ll see you tonight?”
“Yeah, don’t mention it,” Dean said, and he brought a hand up to rub at the back of his neck, like he was nervous. “Look, I, um, I haven’t had lunch yet and I know this great burger joint just a few minutes away. Would you… Would you want to join me? My treat.”
“I missed you too!” Cas said, hugging Charlie tightly before looking up and seeing Benny, Gilda, Jo — everyone else. “You’re all here!” He almost cried, hugging everyone before looking around for Dean.
Castiel smiled fondly at the idea, but he really couldn’t. He had homework to do and all of his schoolwork was at his apartment.
, eons to Castiel, Dean picked up the pace. It made Castiel gasp in surprise and unwind his arms from around Dean’s shoulders so he could push him back enough to see the rest of his alpha’s face. Dean huffed and gave a particularly harsh thrust into him, making Castiel moan loud and grasp at his hair.
“Well, Cas, I don’t really know,” Dean admitted. “I thought about this a lot when I was out at sea, and I couldn’t think of an answer. There was just something about you that made me feel like I had to see you again and I needed to protect you…”
“I was not talking to you,” Dean said. He slowly took his eyes off Alastair and looked back to Castiel.
“He called me his dad?” Dean asked, he couldn’t believe it. He felt like a hole in his chest had been filled. “He called me
Dean reached down and ghosted his hand over Cas’s length. “You can do better than just ‘I need it so bad,’ Cas” He ground out. He slammed his hips into Cas’s and pulled himself back out in one swift movement. Cas cried out, arching his back into Dean and pushing his forehead into the mattress.
“We can’t,” He said. “I know…” Dean paused, closing his eyes for a moment. “I know I hurt you, broke your trust. Betrayed you, and we need to still talk about how I can mend that rift. I don’t want you to rush yourself back into our relationship because I know you won’t and can’t forgive me only because I apologized. Rightly so, too, Cas. I mean, I really fucked up. I—”
“It’s okay, Cas, I know,” Ellen whispered, and Castiel hugged her tighter. “I think I owe you an explanation.”
“Our driver is being tied up by—” Gabe stopped abruptly again. “Is that…” he whispered. Gabe gasped and quickly sat himself back in the carriage, staring blankly at Michael. “Thieves.”
And King Crowley was not a man to rush into things, anyway, so, as long as Dean got done with Abbadon in a timely manner, Cas wouldn’t have to worry about marriage or Meg or Michael or anything ever again.
Dean smiled around Castiel’s cock, maintaining eye contact as he started to bob his head and pump his fingers into the omega slowly. Castiel’s eyes widened more and more with each pump of Dean’s hand and bob of his head, and Dean could tell by the way his hole started clenching around his fingers that he was getting closer to another orgasm. When Dean added a third finger, Castiel’s eyebrows drew together, his eyes fluttered closed, and then he was coming. He just about squealed as Dean doubled his efforts of pumping his fingers into his heat and sucking every last drop of his sweet tasting cum from his cock.
“Oh, my god,” Cas gasped. He put his hands on Dean’s chest and leaned forward while his eyes fluttered closed. “Oh, my god!” Cas was on the verge of being overwhelmed. He didn’t know why, but this position just made everything more intense and he was still so new to all these sensation. Part of him thought he'd never get used to the feeling of Dean filling him up so fully.
“Angel,” Dean said softly, standing up to push some of the papers on his desk to the side. “You know you can tell me, right?”
Cas threw his head back, moaning Dean’s name and pushing his hips into Dean’s touches. Dean moved his hand out of the way and used his own hips to meet Cas’s. Both of his hands slid up Cas’s torso and interlocked their fingers.
Before Cas had a chance to react, Gabe was walking over to him and grabbing his jacket. He paused to look Cas directly in the eyes, said,
If Castiel had been told before his first heat that he would remain unmated until his eighteenth birthday? he wouldn’t have believed it. If he’d been told a lot of what Dean had done for his kingdom before he met Dean, Castiel wouldn’t have believed it. Dean was, after all, a Winchester, and Castiel had been raised to fear any alpha who held that name. But he’d come to know that Dean was a different brand of Winchester, and he’d redefined the path for all Winchester’s after him.
“As much as I don’t mind you being on top of me, the ground is actually quite cold and uncomfortable,” he said, and it took a moment for the words to process in Castiel’s brain before he realized what was happening and surged into action.
“Shut up, Dean,” Cas interrupted. “We can talk about that later. It’s been far to long and I want to feel close to you again.”
Dean started to cry then; his three best friends comforting him while his body shook with restrained sobs.
Gilda nudged Castiel to get him moving, and then he, she, and Dean followed after the same path Jess had pulled Sam down.
“F-fuck, okay. I can—Fuck, yeah,” Dean said, and he pulled his fingers out. Castiel almost whined at the loss because he didn’t want to be empty, but then he felt the head of Dean’s cock at his entrance and he tried to move down to help Dean get inside him.
Dean coughed out a laugh. “Okay there,” he said, his voice coming out quiet. Closing his eyes, he concentrated on catching his breath. A smile tugged at the corner of his lips. “You don’t need to be cocky about this.”
“I love you, too,” Dean said, grabbing onto Cas’s hip with one hand while the other came and slid their fingers together. They kissed one last time before Dean settled his head over Cas’s heart and closed his eyes.
“Yes!” Cas screamed, arching his back off the bed. Dean growled and fucked into Cas even harder and faster, making sure to slam straight into his prostate. “Fuck,
“Don’t stop!” Castiel begged, grabbing handfuls of the bed sheets again so he could use the grip to meet Dean’s hand. “God, don’t stop!”
“Alright,” he whispered, placing a tender kiss on Castiel's temple. “Sleep like the dead, Cas. You deserve it.”
Cas’s eyes travelled down Dean’s flushed body and stopped to watch Dean as he pumped his hand over himself. Breathing hard and waiting for Dean’s cum to paint his flaccid cock, he moaned loudly in anticipation. He panted, looking up at Dean, who was looking at Cas like he was the only thing that mattered to him in the world.
“Not just any spyglass,” Kevin said, “I spent a week or so working on that to make it so you have multiple lenses that enhance how far you can see.”
“Nope,” Dean said, “We can’t let you go. You’ve been summoned.” He threw the Demon Deal papers down at the man’s feet. “A lot of people paid a lot of gold for you to suffer. Apparently people were tired of getting their entire lives destroyed because of
“I can do that,” Dean said, kissing Cas’s temple before laying them back down and holding Cas close. “And hey, I’ve got some good news.”
kiss the pirate again. Dean smiled against Cas’s lips and grabbed onto his hips. “I’m okay,” Cas said. “'The only thing she did was hide in my room and watch me undress.”
There were shouts of agreement all around. Even from the ones that still wore worry lines on their faces nodded their heads.
“Oh, uh, they just want to know if I’m alright with missing my classes tomorrow to help run sound and lights for a presentation in the auditorium,” he said.
Crowley only laughed, raising his wine glass in Meg’s direction before downing the rest of it and then calling for more. Meg scoffed, again, and rolled her eyes. Again. She took a moment to stretch out before turning to look at Michael.
“I’m still cold,” Cas complained, trying to pull Dean up from lifting each of his feet to slide into a fresh pair of drawers and trousers. Cas was dazed and sleepy. He was cold, too, and wanted to snuggle into Dean to get warm.
“Cas, there was an order to protect Dean,” Meg said, and Castiel snarled at Gabe before tossing him away like he was trash. “We have to kill him to save the world—”
“That's good to hear... What things?” Dean persisted, pulling up a chair in front of Cas. “You can sit on my desk.”
Whenever Dean was with Castiel, all his worries went away and he could just be with the omega. He could just spend all his time being with Castiel without thinking about the world beyond the two of them. But then, eventually he had to leave Castiel. And each time it was like a part of him was left with the omega.
“Omega,” Dean groaned, yanking Castiel back as he thrust forward. Castiel gasped as he felt the swell at the base of Dean’s member. Slick poured out of him as the beginnings of Dean’s knot tugged at his rim with each thrust, and he felt another orgasm rip through him.
Cas chewed his bottom lip in an effort to stop from breaking out into a huge grin, but it didn’t work well and he ended up just dragging Dean down to kiss him, whispering against the man’s lips, “Yes.”
“I met him before today,” Castiel said, subtly leaning closer to Alfie because of Meg’s unrelenting gaze, “I met him over a week ago.”
, I mean.” Dean ducked his head, and Castiel couldn’t help the huff of laughter that slipped out. “And I’m clean, you know, I always wore condoms and still I get myself checked at least once a year. And I’ve never been with an omega in heat or when I was in rut. I was kinda ‘saving’ that for my mate,” he said, and Castiel smiled. He reached up and cupped Dean’s face gently, some emotion swelling in his chest when Dean turned into his hand. “I… I wanted you to know.”
“Yes,” he said quietly, and Dean almost laughed because of how breathless he sounded. Almost laughed, because Dean wasn’t
"No, please," he whined as his cock twiched against his abdomen and a generous amount of precome dribbled out.
“Awesome,” Dean said, walking over quietly. He carefully took Jack from the girl, waking Jack up in the process. The pup’s face screwed up like he was about to start crying, but as soon Dean kissed his forehead and Jack inhaled, he calmed down and settled against Dean with a happy little smile on his face. Dean hummed as he got Jack into his carrier and as soon as he was done, his mate and the rest of his family walked out of his office.
Cas blinked with wide eyes at her. None of the servants had ever really tried to engage with him before. “Uh…”
“Okay,” Castiel said, leaning back against Dean’s broad chest. “Okay, let’s go. I’ll get dressed and we’ll… Go talk to my family.”
Jess excitedly explained to Castiel and Alfie about the Omega Education Decree, which meant omegas were encouraged and helped to pursue education for whatever they wanted. Jess was studying biology and the reason why omegas, betas, and alphas worked the way they did. Charlie was studying history and teaching it to other omegas; and her mate was pursuing education in law. Ellen continued her path of healing and nurturing omegas and children.
“Well, I figured I better be here to make sure Castiel was being taken care of,” Gabe said, lurching back as the carriage began to move. “I mean, who else besides the servants would do that?”
A few hours later saw Cas laid atop Dean, drawing lazy patterns on the man’s chest as they basked in each other’s after-sex-glow when Cas thought back to a certain descriptor Lucifer had used to describe him when he had all but told Dean to fuck off.
“Thanks, Cas,” Meg said, and plopped down on the couch, smiling up at Castiel before closing her eyes, settling in as he entered his own room and sat down on the bed.
“Do it,” Dean interrupted as he grabbed some onions. “I mean, hell, Cas, what have you got to lose? I can’t imagine a scenario that involves you not at least placing in a writing contest.”
“Then stop denying yourself,” Cas said. “I know you’re worried that I’m going to regret coming with you, but I can promise you that I’m not. Part of the reason that Gabe and I got into that fight was due to that he didn’t want me to leave with you.” Dean opened his mouth to speak, but Cas gave him a look as he continued. “He thought I was leaving because I wanted to be with you. Which, I’ll admit, is going to be a big perk. But it’s not the reason I want to leave.”
“But, Ellen,” Charlie whined, “He has been down in the kitchen his whole life! He deserves some fanciness, does he not?”
“Fucking hell, Cas,” Dean said, laughing breathlessly for a moment before he sat up and gave Castiel a quick kiss. “Okay, as much as it pains me to say it, we should actually take a step back because I got a few questions for you.”
“We’re new to the seas,” she explained. “We don't have much bounty…” she looked Dean up and down as if she was undressing him in her head. “Yet.”
“Alas, forgive me. You called me alpha and I lost control for a moment,” Dean said. Castiel turned back to Dean, a mischievous smile forming on his face, but Dean laughed and shook his. “It will not happen again.”
“Stop touching yourself,” Dean said in a low voice. Cas shook his head, whimpering uncontrollably. Dean grabbed Cas’s wrists and slowly pushed them up to the pillows. “How do you want to be tied up?”
Dean reached out to curl his hand around Castiel’s waist, pulling their bodies together in one quick movement. Castiel let out a small gasp and the way his hands came to rest against his chest made Dean want to posture.
Castiel had orgasmed before—he’d had heats and seen R-rated movies that tickled his fancy, of course—but he’d never come like this. He’d never come so hard his legs shook and his toes curled. It was the hardest Castiel had ever come, to say the least, and when he felt Dean rub the pad of his finger against his entrance, he couldn’t stop the begging whine that slipped out of him because he could feel the slick that practically poured from him at the thought of Dean making him come from his fingers.
“Soon,” Cas agreed in an echo, releasing Dean and smiling as he made his way back onto his ship. Cas held his hand over the middle of his chest, right here he kept the pendant Dean gave him, and continued to smile as the ship sailed away. “Soon…”
“What about just a piece of the honeyed fruit?” Charlie argued. Castiel couldn’t help the small tug at the corner of his mouth because of the redhead, “Only a piece would do no harm!”
Dean eyed him skeptically. “Okay,” He said; Cas knew Dean wasn't convinced, but he also knew Dean wasn’t going to force him to say anything. “Well, back to the task as hand?”
“What about him?” Castiel pressed his ear against the door, his gut telling him that the answer to this wasn’t one to be shouted out.
“Then we burn him,” Dean answered, seeing the fire from camp getting bigger with each step. “Easy deal done and finished.”
“Oh, um, well, I guess I’ll leave you to get home safe, then,” Dean said, and Castiel felt this swirl of unpleasantness in his stomach. “It was nice meeting you, Cas… I… I had a nice walk and talk with you.”
Castiel laughed as he nodded enthusiastically. Dean sighed and let go of him, unsurprised when he immediately found himself pushed back against the counters and felt lips against his. Castiel’s hands came up to grip his hair, tugging Dean’s head into the exact position Castiel wanted it. Dean just let himself melt into the kiss and pull Castiel into his body.
“Fuck,” Dean hissed as pleasure ran through him. He slid his hand along the length of his cock slowly, imagining that it was Cas that was touching him.
“I thought that would be obvious.” She looked to Castiel for a moment and then back to Dean. “I’m here to congratulate Castiel.”
“Just,” Dean pushed him back slightly, “Just rock your hips.” Cas gasped as he felt Dean’s cock shift inside him. He moved his hips in the same way Dean had pushed him in and felt like he could faint.
Cas couldn’t tear his eyes away from his father’s. He didn’t realize that he’d been backing up until his back hit the wall and he let out a soft, “Oh.”
Cas gasped, tugging on Dean’s hair and encircling his legs around Dean. “I want — ah—!” Dean cut him off with a harsh pinch on his nipple. “Ah, Dean!”
It took two thrusts for Castiel to tip over that edge, and with the intensity of his orgasm, it left him barely awake. He unconsciously registered something warm and wet spread over his stomach a few moments later, but he chose to focus on Dean’s voice than anything else.
Castiel backed up against Dean, about ready to put up a protective field when the rest of his siblings came running in. They all froze as they stared at him and Castiel waited for one of them to speak or attack first, but all they did was stare. It made Castiel uncomfortable and he shifted his weight before he took the initiative.
“Sweetened with fruit juice?” Gabe continued to recite off things from the box, totally unaware that Castiel’s attention was somewhere else. “What the hell even is this cereal? Is this even cereal?”
“Sh,” Dean whispered, placing small wet kisses in the crook of Cas’s neck. He wrapped his arms around Cas small, lithe body and held the young man as close to his chest as possible. “I want you to try a different approach to riding me, okay? But not yet. You need some time to catch your breath.”
“Maybe,” Cas said, standing up and walking over and turning Dean back around. He slid his arms around Dean’s neck, tilting his head up to look into his emerald eyes. “But it definitely doesn’t make you a bad person. You’re good enough that I, the
Castiel’s mother caught the tail end of the story and heatedly scolded both Castiel and Anna. She said that was not how it went, that that wasn’t how it went at all and Anna shouldn’t be spreading or participating in such rumors; otherwise she’d catch King John’s attention.
“I just miss Cas, Jo. Aren’t I allowed to grieve for a time before I go back to the way I used to be?” Dean said, immediately regretting the tone he used. Jo wasn’t trying to be mean. He knew she was trying to get a point across:
Cas moaned and let one of his hands come down to stroke his own leaking cock. Dean put his hands on the table next to Cas’s hips and pushed in. Cas whimpered and stroked himself faster as Dean began to thrust into him.
“What are you doing in here?” He asked, looking past her to make see if anyone else was going to be coming in.
“Fuck it,” Dean growled and abandoned the notion he would be able to get any of his clothes off. Instead, he just pushed his pants down enough to get his cock out. He immediately shoved forward into Castiel’s hole and started a punishing pace.
“Absolutely,” Cas agreed, nodding. He watched Dean put yet another bite of pie into his mouth. “You’re twenty seven now, then?”
Cas and Alfie made a quick exit, not giving anyone time to contradict his wishes. He really was quite tired. He’d found that most of his days were spent in an exhausted haze. The only saving grace was Alfie.
“I’m sorry, I promise I’ll stop crying, I’m just very happy,” he said, “It’s twins. We’re having twins. A boy and a girl.”
The closer Castiel got to his trailer, the slower and harder his footsteps became. He almost didn’t hear the clacks from steel tipped shoes from somewhere ahead until it was too late. He stopped dead, retreating into the shadows as the footsteps echoes grew closer. He waited where he knew he couldn’t be seen, preparing himself for whoever it might be or whatever might happen.
“Wait, no, you’re in that movie, aren’t you?” Dean stepped back and was almost close enough to touch Castiel. “That one with the lawyer fighting for transdesignational rights.”
“Novak,” Crowley’s voice sounded abnormally loud in Cas’s ears. “We will have to think about your son’s proposal.”
“Right,” Benny said quietly. “I don’t agree with Jo, but I see where she and Rachel are coming from because if mom’s hardware is malfunctioning… The smartest thing to do would be to turn her off.”
Either way, it had been pirate raiders who grabbed him. He’d just finished celebrating his nineteenth birthday—the first birthday he’d celebrated since he was a tween—with Rachel and Gadreel at this bar they liked. He hadn’t even drank anything, even though he was old enough to finally. He’d had alcohol before, and it didn’t sit well with him, so he only went to that bar because Rachel and Gadreel wanted to celebrate him now being able to drink legally. Castiel had had fun, and he blamed himself for having too much fun that he didn’t see the triad of alpha raiders watching him the whole night.
Dean pushed himself up and scooted closer to Cas, wrapping his arms around him. “I’m sorry, baby,” he whispered. “Anything I can do?”
Cas smiled happily, “Bed,” he whispered, snuggling into Dean farther. “It took longer than I wanted.”
Alfie jolted forward. “Benny!” He cried, stumbling towards the bar. Castiel gasped in utter shock. The man—Benny jumped over the bar in one movement and ran to Alfie, scooping him up off the floor as they reached each other. Castiel could feel his eyes begin to itch, and happiness flooded him because that man, the owner of this tavern was Benny Lafitte. Alfie’s true mate.
hard time leaving him because all Dean wanted—all his alpha wanted—was to get in bed with Castiel and wrap the omega up in his arms. He wanted to kiss Castiel awake and keep him in bed to talk about whatever Castiel wanted; all day. Dean wanted to protect Castiel in the most primal way he knew, and before Dean did just that, he forced himself to leave and forced himself not to think about going back to Castiel.
Castiel was drained, but he also felt light. Dean had… Dean was… Castiel didn’t know how to explain it, but Dean was… He was something. And it made Castiel’s heartbeat erratic, gave him butterflies in his stomach, and Dean was hard to stop thinking about.
Ava stepped forward, “He’s already back,” she stated, quirking her eyebrow up. Cas felt his heart pound in his chest.
“Gods, Cas, stop moving if it’s that overwhelming,” Dean said, putting his hands on Cas’s hips and keeping him still. “Shit, baby. Are you that out of it?”
Dean answered every question Castiel had, took every scathing or hurtful comment about his status from Castiel and agreed, he’d never gotten angry or upset, never pushed Castiel’s limits, never raised his voice at Castiel, Gadreel, or even Rachel.
“I always keep my promise,” Dean said, pulling Cas against him. The taller man grunted when Cas started to suck on his neck with no real pattern to where he put his lips. Dean ate it up, though. He made quiet, low noises that persuaded Cas to continue.
Castiel watched as Jo reached back to grab a pair of her knives out of their sheaths. He watched as the others followed suit quickly. Meg started bouncing like she was about to run and jump. Benny got into a fighting stance. Gabe stood there looking concerned and confused. While Rachel looked around at everyone like she couldn’t believe this was happening.
As the very tip of Dean’s manhood touched Castiel’s rim, Castiel jerked away from Dean at the same time he pushed Dean away. He tensed up and felt panic flow through him, and then frustration as Dean pulled away and looked at him. Castiel didn’t understand what was wrong with him.
Castiel rolled his eyes and shook his head. “Some assbutts at the bar. They were arguing over what my name was.”
that we haven't had sex. I want…” Cas blushed and looked away before speaking again. “I want to feel you inside me.”
Castiel had been betrothed to the Crown Prince since he could remember and it wasn’t something he was happy about, because if the crown prince’s father, King John of Winchester, was anything to go by? His son would turn out to be a cruel and merciless king. The odds were, he would be even be worse than his father.
Dean was silent for a short while. Castiel could tell by his scent what he was feeling. Anger and disgust—towards the alphas who’d hurt him; sorrow and sympathy—for what he’d had to go through; and weaved through it all was love—for him.
“You know… I never took you for the jealous type,” Dean said, shifting onto his side and pulling Cas closer. Cas turned his head to the side to look at Dean.
you. Or that I deserved to be treated as worthless! Especially not after he was gone!” Castiel cried, furiously wiping at the tears that fell down his face. He shook his head and laughed to himself, “I guess it doesn’t matter now, though, does it, because now you know, I’ve always been more special, more powerful, more
“We saw Abbadon’s ship,” Sam said. Dean nodded his head, getting impatient waiting for the other shoe to drop. “She’s not alone,” Sam finished. Now, even his voice wavered and for Sam to be shaken enough to show it? That meant something truly tremendous had to be waiting for Dean.
Dean felt Cas start to get hard again and his shaky legs clench around his waist. He quickened his hands, making Cas stutter out a cry. “Will you be coming without permission?”
Charlie looked at Alfie with sympathy. “Alas, about your mate,” she said, “if it would be of aid, we have medicinal teas and some baked goods that will make your heat more bearable.”
“You can’t come,” Dean said, pulling Cas’s gaze from the ceiling onto his face. “Remember? You won’t be able to come. It’ll just keep building and building and building… Until I take the ring off.” Dean slowed his hand down and then let Cas’s cock slap back against his body. He reached into the nightstand drawer for the oil. “How much time should I spend preparing you?”
“We don’t have to get up early tomorrow,” Dean whispered, trailing his hands up and down Cas’s back.
. He was about to step out and ask what they were doing, but the moment before he did, Dean’s head snapped up and he looked exactly where Castiel was. It stopped Castiel right then and there, and he felt this spark of something rush through him.
”’Officially ask me to court’? What do you mean? I thought he had been courting me this whole time?” Castiel said. Meg snorted.
Cas laced his fingers into Dean’s hair, tugging just slightly. “She was just a cook from my father’s staff. A while after you left, she came and told me that she knew about us and threatened to tell.”
“I don’t want to rush into doing anything that’s going to hurt you again.” Dean said, his voice strained and a little hoarse. Cas realized that Dean was just as starved as he was.
“You know it wasn’t meant as anything else,” Dean laughed huskily, lightly scraping his nails across Cas’s scalp.
“You just got scared when Inferno had Arkangel trapped against the edge of the arena and Castiel didn’t fight back…” Gadreel trailed off for a moment before looking back to Castiel with a questioning gaze. “Hey, Cas, what happened then? When Inferno stabbed you? It looked like you and Arkangel gave up for a snap there.”
mad at me,” Cas whispered, feeling like he was about to start crying. Gabe had been the only person in the world, when he was a child, that showed him compassion and love.
I am so sorry for how long it took me to update! I've been rather busy with the things going on in my life. I just turned 18 and for some reason, my mom has now decided to go absolutely crazy so not only do I have to deal with that until I move out (which I'm working on at the moment and is one of the reasons for the late update) but I also have to deal with the extra chores (that used to be her chores) she gives me as well as studying to take my GED so I can actually finally get accepted for a job so I /can/ move out and just agh I'm sorry. It doesn't matter. I'm hoping the next chapter won't take as long to get up.
“Ph-phallic shaped dowels...” Alfie trailed off. Castiel looked up at him, surprised to see Alfie both blushing and paling. “You mean...” Ellen nodded. “For—”
Dean finished with a look around at everyone on the main deck, taking in all the different expressions. About a third looked worried and Dean was certain they were going to abandon ship. That would lower their chances of survival even more, and that itself made Dean begin preparations on how to get more gold to Lisa and word to Cas about his imminent death.
“I got you,” Dean whispered, “I got you, angel.” He pushed his face into Cas’s neck, breathing hard. Dean was still sensitive from earlier, making each thrust into Cas’s heat hurt in the most delicious way possible.
“Fuck!” Dean grunted, “I’m gonna come.” Cas stopped his movements and rolled them over, wrapping his arms and legs around Dean.
“Yes,” Michael said. “It is. Crowley has decided to consider a business proposal between you and his daughter in exchange for Heaven to become part of the Kingdom. I expect you to be ready to meet with him and his daughter sometime in the far future.”
Cas shook his head. “No, not at all. I like being crushed by you.” Dean laughed again, and began to shift himself off of Cas, but Cas stopped him. “That wasn’t sarcasm.”
"I..." Lisa took a moment to look into Dean’s eyes before she nodded. “Thank you.” Tears falling from her eyes. Happy tears. Dean grinned as he took Lisa’s hand and they walked in together and got Ben.
“You know, I would swear to you that I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, but I would be lying because I know I’ll love you more tomorrow. Every day I fall deeper in love with you than the day before,” Dean said, hugging Cas even tighter. “I love you so much, Cas. I will until I die. And if there’s a life after that, I’ll love you then, too.”
"Agreed," Cas giggled. "But that also means he won't be around for my birthday or the day's after it."
“Oh, wow, cool name,” Dean said, and the way he smiled made Castiel weak in the knees. Dean’s face morphed into a look of worry, and Castiel almost cursed because even then he looked handsome as hell. “Whoa, you don’t look so good.”
Castiel waited, frozen in his spot as Dean moved over to push the ringer. If Castiel had been in his trailer already, he would have heard the bell and he would have answered the call. He would have had to talk to Amara. And something in Dean’s eyes had told him that he should want almost anything but to enter into conversation with her.
Dean’s tongue tangled with his, and Castiel moaned into the kiss. Dean returned the sentiment with a deep, primal growl that gave Castiel such pleasurable chills. He felt himself getting wet and knew that sooner than later Dean would be able to scent his slick in the air. The thought turned him on more than it should, and when Dean’s grip tightened around him and his fingers dug into his sides, he knew Dean could scent it.
Two men stood beside it, talking. Dean was one of them, so Castiel assumed the other was Sam. And, well, Castiel hadn’t really known what to expect Sam to look like, but it wasn’t this.
Dean barked out a laugh. “Yeah, right! Over my mother’s blue-ribbon-winning pecan pie recipe,” he snorted. Castiel looked up at him with wide, confused eyes and Dean’s heart did a little flip at how cute he was. “Okay, look, I’ll fuck just about anyone—and I love being someone’s first because, I mean, come on. I’m not stupid, I know I’m
Currently, Dean already knew what he wanted to do to Abbadon. He knew he wanted to make her pay for the innocent lives she killed while Dean was simply just getting to the battle grounds. She’d started with women and children, just to hurt Dean that much more. So, in traditional Winchester fashion, Dean assessed his target and then figured out what would completely break her.
Dean smiled as he reached Castiel’s mating gland, giving it a kiss before he slipped his arms under Castiel again and carefully rolled them over so the omega was sitting on top of him.
Castiel sighed and buried his face into his pillow and pulled the quilt tighter around him, he ignored all the outside noises and let himself be lulled back to sleep with the pleasant scent surrounding him.
“Well, it is unlikely Castiel returns the sentiment,” Meg said, standing up and moving over to a small buffet behind the bench she’d been sitting on. She bent down and opened the cupboard to pull out a cup, and poured some amber liquid into it before moving to sit back down and address everyone again, “Seeing as he had no reaction to Dean’s scent, I mean.”
“Are you alright to describe it to me?” Cas asked. He had been preparing himself for this so he could help Dean as best he could. Cas was ready to hear about the torture Dean had to go through when he was with Alastair.
“Somewhere in between all the sex.” Dean slid his hands around Cas’s waist, laughing as he leaned in to kiss him. He rested his forehead against Cas’s after he pulled away, smiling to himself. Cas brought a hand up to run through his hair. “You’re not upset with what I said, are you?”
“Are you being serious?” Ava asked, her grip on Cas’s wrist loosening by the second. Cas shot Dean a look that hoped came across as him saying, ‘
Castiel gave it a few moments before he gathered the courage and pulled Dean with him as he entered the building. A surge of unpleasant emotions rose in him as he stepped over the threshold, but Castiel focused on the weight of Dean’s hand instead. He took a few steps into the foyer, looking over the damage he’d done the last time he was here. Almost everything was knocked over and broken. The things that were standing upright looked like they’d been put that way.
Dean shrugged, “I don’t know, Cas, I wouldn’t want to hurt you.” He dipped one finger into the oil and then pressed it up against Cas’s hole, circling around the rim until Cas was fighting for breath and pulling violently on his restraints. Dean pushed his finger past the ring of muscle, making Cas cry out.
“Male. Omega. Black hair, bed head, blue eyes, looks like he’s gotten very little sun in his eighteen years on this earth. Really great body, perky ass, small dick, awesome kisser, loves getting fucked by my cock and comes
Meg and Charlie shared a look, both nodding once before they grabbed Castiel and rushed him back to his room, ignoring his questions of what they were doing and the stares they got from anyone they passed. They practically slammed open his door when they got to his room, and then threw him onto his bed, sitting down with him mere moments later.
“Watch me,” Dean said, calm, cool, and venomously. “You threatened someone I love. I don’t take kindly to that.”
“Cas, please, not that I don’t love the room and the views and fucking whenever we so please to,” Dean said, and Castiel grumbled as he sat up to look at Dean’s face. “But I’m getting a little stir crazy. I should really check on my shop—”
“I got you,” Dean murmured, thrusting his hips very shallowly and smiling at the high pitched sounds Cas let out. “So beautiful, Cas.”
Castiel hummed, and when Dean was finished sucking all the slick off his fingers he opened his eyes to look down at Castiel.
“Claim me,” he whispered against his alpha’s lips. “Claim me next time I’m in heat. I don’t want anyone but you. I love you—I
“Lucifer,” Dean said, smiling as Cas came over and molded himself to his side. “Meet Cas.” He pecked Cas on the lips, sliding his arm around Cas’s waist as he looked back at a pale faced Lucifer. “My one and only.”
as Castiel spun them around as soon as they reached his bed and pushed Dean to sit down. “Cas, what are you doing? This is your bed…”
already seen you naked.” Dean walked back over to the bed and pulled off the soiled sheets, looking at the stain Cas had made. “That’s an impressive stain if I’m to be square.”
Dean shoved forward, pushing unbelievably deep inside Castiel. He moved his hands down to Castiel’s hips and pulled them
“It’s alright if you don’t want to, of course,” Cas said. “I won’t force you to do something you don’t want to.”
“Ben’s father?” Dean asked, his eyes wide. He knew Lisa didn’t mean he was Ben’s biological father, but that didn’t lessen the weight of her words.
One day, Dean came back from his torture, bleeding profusely from an extremely harsh whipping and raping. Benny tended to Dean and when the monster came back again, he went in Dean’s place. When Dean came back from the brink of death, Benny told him that they were getting out together. No matter what, they were getting out.
Cas shook his head, making himself dizzy. He groaned, closing his eyes and squeezing Dean’s hand. “I want to not be dizzy.”
The next thing he knew there was an ear piercing boom and he was falling off the bridge, grabbing onto the wood just in time with his good arm before he plummeted into the quickly churning water below him.
Castiel flicked his eyes to Dean, breathing in deeply to calm himself. Dean was close enough for him to scent, and the warmth coming from him was comforting.
“My lower abdomen, and, I mean…” Despite not being a virgin anymore, this boy still defined the word. “You know…?”
“Yes! Stay inside me forever,” Castiel said, crying out as he orgasmed and squeezed down on Dean’s knot. “Never be outside of me!”
Cas smiled but shook his head. “That’s because of my personality.” He sat up on Dean’s lap. “What kind of special
Meg narrowed her eyes and stepped closer to Jo. “Eleven years for you, maybe,” she said, and then stepped forward, using her ability to jump through space to get around Jo. Castiel couldn’t help the smile that came to his face as Jo groaned and huffed in annoyance.
“Yes,” Dean breathed out, and Castiel couldn’t help the excited little cry he let out. “Fuck, Cas, I’ll knot you.”
Michael sighed, “I wouldn’t get your hopes up.” Anger laced itself into his words. “Crowley is a massive twat. I wouldn't put it past him to be doing this just to get a reaction out of me.”
“Of course,” Sam smirked, “Captain.” Dean rolled his eyes and pulled Cas with him out of the mess, wrapping his arm around the smaller of the two to keep him warm.
“Aye,” Dean nodded and kissed Cas’s neck, “But I’m coming back, Cas. Nothing can stop me from coming back to be by your side.”
“We’re not abandoning you,” Victor yelled again, looking around at everyone. Dean looked out at everyone again, nodding and agreeing. “We’re fighting
“Dean!” Cas screamed, bucking his hips wildly and roughly into Dean’s. Cas shook his hands out of Dean’s and wrapped them around the man’s neck, clinging to him tightly.
Cas shook his head, “Shut up,” he whispered. “And kiss me.” Dean’s lips were on his in a second and his tongue licking into his mouth.
Cinnamon, ginger, and the cloves used to season the beef were the first things he tasted and it made him sigh through his nose. As delicious as it smelled, it tasted ten times as good.
“Shut up.” Cas pulled the man down by the back of his neck into a kiss. Dean buttoned Cas’s shirt back up as they explored each other’s mouths with their tongues.
Dean's absence is hard on Cas. He finds himself worrying if he'll ever see the pirate again; seeing as being a pirate is not an easy profession and it comes with a price if done wrong.
“Don’t you touch him!” Castiel roared and whipped around as he looked for his sister. “If you touch him—”
“For now,” Cas closed his eyes and brought Dean down to kiss him. “For now we’ll agree to disagree.”
The only thing he could even think of was Dean, and he needed Dean to make the pain go away. “Dean, please,” he whimpered, “Inside me, please.”
“Your cock!” he cried, pulling at Dean’s hand until Dean removed his fingers from his hole. Castiel let out a whimper that held both disappointment and relief before falling back against the bed. His eyes closed for a moment as he reached down between his legs to rest his hand over himself, but they popped back open as a shiver ran through him.
Over the next weeks and months after Alfie told him the truth about John, Castiel noticed more omegas in the kitchen with healing or fresh bruises on their skin. Most just had a bruise that unnervingly looked to be hand-like around their neck, while only a few others had more on their face or bruising around their mouth.
“Let’s sleep,” Cas mumbled as Dean pulled Cas’s back into his chest and kissed the nape of his neck until he fell asleep.
Castiel didn’t know what to say. What Dean was offering was exactly what he wished for growing up. A mate who didn’t claim ownership of him. Who let him be his own person, but didn’t neglect him. A mate who was his equal.
“Did you need eggplant for something, Cas?” Gabe asked, a smirk on his face. He shook his head and took the vegetable from Cas, putting it back on the table. Cas blushed again, offering a sorry look to the seller before Gabe pulled him towards Dean.
“He flashed his eyes at Cas!” Gadreel yelled, and his voice was no better than Rachel’s in Castiel’s ears. “Do you even know what that means, you fucking idiot?!”
Thanks to Benny, he made it to his cabin without falling flat in his face. Benny helped him to change into his night clothes and then bid him goodnight. Dean thanked him and then turned to his bed. He smiled when he saw Lisa and Ben there, sleeping peacefully. Not wanting to wake them, he carefully laid down on his bed. Dean immediately froze when Ben stirred.
Cas whined quietly as he did as he was told, watching Dean's hand intently. “Dean, please... Please don't tease me.”
“Cas, stop,” Dean said, his muscles flexing and his arms twitching forward only for him to pull them back. “Stop, I can’t.”
But Cas must’ve tightened his grip on Dean’s hand because the taller man leaned down just slightly, “It’s okay. We’re almost there.” He ran his thumb across Cas’s knuckles soothingly.
“No,” Sam said. “What if the messenger had been intercepted by one of Abbadon’s forces? You would have been put in danger.”
Dean turned just in time to see who he assumed to be Ben’s mother run over to him with her arms out. He gave the kid over to her quickly, and knowing how people felt about him he immediately backed up to a safe distance.
“Just a little bit?” Dean asked. “Why just a little bit?” Cas lifted his head, smiling mischievously.
“Are you wearing—” Dean stopped himself. Cas smiled at him knowingly, confirming that yes, he was indeed wearing
The officer at the desk rolled his eyes at Lisa. “Look whore, you’ve got no job, no money, and no house. There’s no way you’d be able to give Ben the care and attention he needs.”
Castiel leaned back as his heart raced. Once again, he didn’t know how to feel about Dean. He didn’t know what to do with all this information, and the sheer amount of confusion he felt about it all made him feel sick to his stomach. He could feel it churning, and Castiel knew he was just minutes away from throwing up.
“I love it when you take charge like that,” Dean said with a smirk. Cas slid down to undo Dean’s pants enough to get his cock out, immediately taking the head into his mouth and shaft in his hands. It was the most effective way of wiping the smirk off of Dean’s face. And while he was circling his tongue around the head of Dean's cock, he managed to get Dean’s pants and drawers off the rest of they way, tossing them onto the floor. “Fuck, Cas!”
“I’ll stay here,” Sam called after them. Dean smiled back at his brother and gave him a nod. He was glad Sam was staying.
Castiel looked into Ellen’s eyes. He looked deeply, searching for any tiny sign of deceit. Only sincerity and other soft emotions shone back at him, and he slowly moved to grab the bread from Ellen.
“It’s…tough,” Rachel said, and there was a weird edge to her words that didn’t track with the grief they both had to be feeling. “Cas, are you… Are you inching away from me?”
“I missed you, too,” Cas sighed. He buried his face into Dean’s chest, sighing again. Dean kissed the top of his head and pulled back to see Cas’s face. He saw the pinkness of Cas’s nose first, like he’d been wiping and blowing his nose repeatedly. Then he saw the faint traces of tear tracks on his face.
“They do. Granted, they are not the real thing and therefore does not make the heat go away. Despite that, they are a close second to the real thing,” Ellen said.
And then he left; walking swiftly to the stairs and descending them just as quickly. By the time Cas processed what had even happened and looked over to the exit, Gabe was gone.
“Yes, he has said that since he met you. Although, I do recall him deliberately not saying those words
“I can’t feel my back,” Cas said. He grabbed the hand Dean had on his side and pushed it into his groin while taking the pirates other hand and bringing it to his chest.
“I cannot tell you how relieved that makes me,” He said, looking away from Castiel and reaching up to wipe at his eyes, “I have dreamt of this moment my entire life, and now...” Dean surged down and hugged Castiel, surprising him, but he was quick to recover. “I do not want this to be a dream,” Dean whispered. Castiel brought his arms up and placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders. He pushed the alpha back so they could look into each other’s eyes.
“Millet Rice?” Gabe asked incredulously, reading the information on the box. “What the hell is Millet Rice?”
Dean used his bruising grip on Castiel’s hips to began pounding into him. Castiel jolted into the bed with each thrust, moaning and crying out each time Dean fucked into him. The savageness of Dean’s thrusts and the beautiful pain of fingers digging into his skin pushed him closer and closer to the edge until he fell over and all he could feel was Dean.
A few tears slipped out of Cas’s eyes and he hid them by burying his face into Dean’s chest. “I love you, too. Dean, I
Let me know what you think about the chapter, my thoughts about the new version of this fic I'll be writing. :P
“Good,” Dean purred. He let his hands come dangerously close to Cas’s cock before moving them past and stroking the young man’s sides. “Color?”
Usually they didn’t meddle in the affairs of other kingdoms, but there had been a huge migration of predominantly omegas and children from this particular kingdom to theirs in the past month. It had left the economy in Purgatory vulnerable and the royal family wanted to discuss having Winchester send their people back to their homeland.
“I missed you, too,” Cas responded, snaking his arms around Dean’s neck and fisting his hands in Dean’s coat to pull himself closer. “I’m so glad you’re back.”
. It was straight and serrated from the hilt to two thirds of the way down the blade. It was a bitch of weapon to be killed with, honestly. You’d be in agony until the moment you died. The dagger Bobby said was called the
“So good,” he cooed, a toothy smile gracing his face and his breathing becoming ragged. “Been so long — too long.”
Michael scoffed. “You’re still the selfish and immature little boy you were when we were growing up. You haven’t changed one bit.”
“Jesus, Jo, do you have to be so nasty all the time?” Rachel stepped in. “You’ve always been so vocal about your hate for us and it’s getting old.”
“You know, it doesn’t matter,” he interrupted. “We can go over details later. Or not. Either way…” He leaned in closer to Cas, smiling in an obvious attempt to be seductive. “You’re gorgeous.”
“What?” Dean gasped. That genuine shock in his voice made Castiel’s shoulders shake even more because he knew it was a lie. He knew of what King Dean would to do him once his heat hit in full force.
silence. That’s all Castiel could hear. It was like the ocean was rushing through his ears, but strangely, he didn’t feel anything. No panic, no fear, no anger. Just…nothing. Like, instead of having an attack, his body just shut down.
,” Dean began, his voice breaking and thick with unshed tears, “I need you to be safe. I need you to promise me you will not underestimate Amara and if she comes for you, I need you to protect yourself above
“If it's more food I don't think I could eat it. I’m stuffed,” Dean said, holding a hand over his stomach. Cas laughed a little as he entered their room and shook his head.
Cas bit his lip and nodded, “Yeah.” Dean’s hands gripped Cas’s thighs as he clenched around him "You’re so big!” Cas gasped out a moan, his nails digging red crescents into Dean’s skin. “Oh, my
What was wrong with him? Why did he say those things? He felt them, sure, and he did believe them… But he shouldn’t have said those things to Rachel.
“I—.” Castiel tried to explain, unable to get more out because of the whine that ripped itself from his throat.
Dean did the same; he shot his arm out with his hand in a fist and knocked Abbadon off balance. She dropped the blade and it went falling into the water below them as she went sprawling out on her back. “I’ll give you one chance to
“A gang of pirate raiders,” Castiel said. “Three of them had waited to get me alone before they grabbed me. And then four more appeared and… You can fill in the rest.”
“Are you gonna do anything?” Abbadon yelled at Dean. She struggled against the restraints that kept her kneeling in front of Dean. “You’ve been pacing for hours!”
“It’s okay, Ben,” Dean cooed. “I’ve got you. Nothing bad is gonna happen to you while I’m around.” He walked back over to his desk and sat down, humming a song quietly to Ben. One of the songs his mother would hum to him when he couldn’t get to sleep. All those years ago...
“Excuse me,” he said, and got up to grab his bottle of pills from his bag. He headed to the kitchen next, and filled a glass with water, swallowing the pill and the glass of water before he came back to sit by Meg again.
“You still want my knot?” he asked, even though he knew Castiel had agreed to it earlier. Dean still wanted to know if he wanted it now.
When Cas was out of sight, Dean grabbed another pair of bed sheets and made up his bed in no time, calling to Cas that he was going to go on deck to check on some things. He made his way on deck and stretched himself out, breathing in the honest air. Now that he could mention it, he was a little achy as well. But, like Cas said, it was a good feeling. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he’d come that hard.
“It doesn’t matter,” Rachel said, and brushed past Castiel briskly. She paused at the exit and didn’t face him as she said, “You’re an adult, Castiel. You’re responsible for your own life.”
“Okay,” Cas slipped the heavy coat over his own trench coat and then put the hat on his head. He patted the leather down and straightened the hat before looking up at Dean with wide eyes. “How do I look?”
Rachel let out a dry laugh. “That’s one word to describe him,” she said, and Castiel shuffled awkwardly.
Cas's birthday comes up and Dean's plans for the day are finally revealed. Plus, a little something else Dean had planned comes into light.
Number Four was Gabe, and he was a beta. He was what Jo called a trickster, because he could alter reality if he tried hard enough and had a clear enough head. He was loud and boisterous and hardly ever tried hard enough or stayed sober enough to be able to conjure an alternative to reality. Last Castiel had heard he was in rehab.
The cat just blinked at him, totally oblivious for the chaos she helped cause. Dean reached over and scooped her up, cradling her to his chest and smiling when she began purring.
Cas wrapped his legs around Dean’s hips, digging his heels into the back of Dean’s thighs to pull him closer. “I don’t blame you for having to go to sea, Dean,” he whispered, green eyes searched blue and vice versa. “You’re not leaving me.”
“Can I get your number?” he said, and Castiel felt like he’d been punched. “I really would like to see you again. Maybe we can get dinner or something.”
Castiel smiled softly and nodded. Dean let out a huge breath and then his face broke out into a smile. He laughed happily and shook his head.
“He started calling you his dad a few weeks ago,” She told him. “I know it’s so soon, we just came aboard not even three months ago, but… He loves you.”
“Hm,” Dean hummed. “You finger yourself and think of me when I’m gone, angel?” he asked, adding another finger slowly, scissoring them to open Cas up.
“We already know you can come from my cock and my fingers, and I can probably make you come from my tongue...” Dean paused, giving Cas a smug-satisfied look. “But I should probably make sure I can do that, shouldn’t I?” Cas breathed hard, watching Dean closely as the man reached for a strip of cloth Cas assumed to be the blindfold. “I want you to have to focus on the sensations,” Dean explained, situating the blindfold over Cas’s eyes and tying it around his head securely. “Can you see anything?”
Cas bit down on Dean’s shoulder, muffling his sobs. He wanted to come so bad, but he didn’t want this to ever end; because when it ended, it meant Dean had to leave again and he was back to falling asleep in his own bed every night and feeling empty...
Cas rolled his eyes and shook his head in irritation as he remembered what Lucifer has said. “I hate that man. He’s been harassing me for a few days. Nothing serious. What you saw last night was me handling it.”
Dean peeked behind the omega, half expecting to see parents behind him, but he was alone. “What can I do for you?”
“But in more pressing news, Cas, look,” Meg began, “You’re the only one that I can trust right now.”
“I… Dean,” Castiel looked away, hoping to hide the heat he felt in his cheeks. He shook his head, but smiled as Dean’s scent settled in the air around him.
“Yeah,” Cas breathed out. “How long would you—” Cas cut himself off with a yelp as Dean pulled him up and spun him around. He made Cas get on his hands and knees on the edge of the bed before pulling him back by his hips into his cock. Dean smiled at the feel of the pink fabric against his length.
“Oh!” Cas gasped, jerking his hips. “Dean, stop or I’m gonna come.” Dean pulled off with a pop and crawled up to kiss Cas.
“Okay,” Dean said, leaning down and kissing Cas passionately. “Do you need me to take the ring off?”
“She’s gone,” Rachel said. Castiel felt all these emotions surge through him, and the only thing he wanted right now was to be with Dean so he could process it all.
right now. Hell, Dean could almost taste his slick in the air, and it was making him fucking delirious.
“Oh boy,” Jo said under her breath before speaking to Lisa. “Kids love Dean. Don’t know why, don’t know how he does it. But they do. Personally, I think it’s because Dean is a kid himself, deep down.”
“And Ava is going to pay,” Jo said. “Everything is fine. Cas doesn’t have to worry anymore. He’s okay, you’ve taken that weight off his shoulders.”
Cas whimpered, raking his nails down Dean’s back. Dean chuckled and snapped his hips forward again, pulling out slowly before repeating his actions: fast in, slow out.
“What is going on with you, Dean?” Charlie sighed, crossing her arms. “You paid no attention to that whole meeting.”
When they came up to a turn in the pathway, they turned right, and as soon as they did, Castiel startled as screams filled the air.
“And what’s worse is you’ve brought Rachel into it! God, Rach, you have a brain, how can you buy into Jo’s craziness? Is she holding you hostage or something?” Gabe shot up from the couch in urgency and rushed over to grab Rachel by the shoulders. “Rachel, she’s got you, doesn’t she? What is she using to get you on her side? Blink twice if you need help!”
“After that, getting to her should be easy,” Dean said, looking down at his boots. “The fleet was her first defense. The second obstacle shouldn’t be so difficult.”
As soon as the royalty was gone, Michael snapped back up and glared at Cas, speaking with a clenched jaw, “Let’s go.”
“Sounds good to me, baby,” Dean kissed his angel’s forehead. “You go to sleep, now. I’ll wake us up tomorrow.”
After Meg handed out cups and filled them with tea, Gilda took the initiative and asked—what Castiel was sure was on all his friend’s minds, “Are you nervous?”
“No, it doesn’t, I just... I’ve never heard of an alpha defending an omega he didn’t know,” Castiel said. Dean scoffed and leaned forward in his chair.
That’s why, when he opened the door to his apartment and someone turned on a light inside, he didn’t even react for a moment. And then it sank in what was happening, and the panic set in.
Castiel understood that, and did trust Alfie’s judgement, but... Of all the things he’d learned this afternoon, there was one he just couldn’t and wouldn’t understand.
“Damn, Cas,” Dean said breathlessly. He rolled off Cas, dragging him across the bed into his side. Cas curled up into him and threw a leg over his waist. “I love you, angel. I can’t say it enough, squarely,” Dean said, turning his head to nuzzle into Cas’s hair.
“You can’t put that on me,” Cas said, frowning. Gabe set Cas with a steely gaze and a firm jaw. Neither of them moved for a whole minute. Cas could see the anger in his uncle’s eyes. But he didn’t feel guilty. No, not one bit. Leaving with Dean was the right decision for his own life. That’s what mattered. Cas needed to look out for himself first and he couldn’t be responsible for the actions of others — to even insinuate that he was, wasn’t fair. “You can’t blame me for your decisions. It’s unfair.”
“Then I guess I’m just going to have to leave you like this until you can calm down,” Dean began to pull away.
The door to the room opened and Castiel jumped. He turned away and hunched in on himself, praying to anyone who would listen that it was not the alpha he thought it was.
Cas slowly pulled his hand away from his mouth, taking a deep breath to keep himself in check. “Just a bad dream.”
” Rachel utterly shrieked, her voice so high it had to have hurt her throat coming out. “I’m worried that this fucker is gonna come back and rape Cas! I’m afraid he’s gonna come back and break him like those pirate scum did!”
It was like lightning was sparking through his whole body, and with every movement, Castiel couldn’t help but vocalize his pleasure to Dean. Each time Dean pushed into him, his eyes rolled up into his head because, Lord help him, indescribable pleasure coursed through his body. Then when Dean pulled out, Castiel moaned and forced his eyes open to look into Dean’s eyes because he couldn’t bare not seeing his alpha for even that long.
“You want it fast and hard?” Dean asked, smoothing one of his hands over Cas’s chest and stomach — making sure to give extra attention to his nipples — while letting the other come to take the young man’s cock in his hand.
Cas’s heart slowed as he started falling asleep, only to pick up for one moment as he spoke. “Dean,” he whispered, “Never let me go.”
, you are intensely thick,” Meg said, sighing exasperatedly, “I know you are not able to see yourself when Dean is around, but I can see you, and you gravitate towards him. You keep an appropriate distance, and when he moves, you move, too.”
“How much farther?” The taller of the two men behind Cas tapped him on the shoulder and gave him a quick smile. Cas looked around and spotted his house between the trees.
Dean smiled, “That’s right, so good, only for me. You’re so beautiful, angel. You’re my beautiful angel.” Cas smiled and nodded as Dean continued to say those sweet nothings that Cas just ate up. He loved when Dean would say things like he was saying now to him. And he loved when Dean called him baby or angel or babe.
Dean sucked a hickey into Cas’s neck before setting him down and reaching to turn on the water. Cas followed him, wrapping his arms around Dean’s torso and kissing over his shoulders and back as the water warmed up. Dean rolled his neck in appreciation and turned around in Cas’s arms, pulling him into the shower in the blink of an eye.
Then, Castiel saw a glimmer of his future with Dean. Of the pups they would have, and of how happy he was being mated to Dean. The last thing he saw was Dean as an old man, smiling at him like he’d hung the stars.
The group was so invested in talking no one but Cas noticed when Gabe came back out with a plate of candy and sat down next to his nephew; he slid into the conversation easily and seamlessly. It was like he belonged with these people.
Castiel couldn’t say he disagreed with that, but that didn’t mean he was happy to give his spot to someone else.
“What do you care?” Castiel said, an odd feeling of indignation flaring up inside him because who was she to question who he spent his time with? It wasn’t like they were close. He hadn’t seen Rachel in six years, and now she felt like she had the right to question him?
“It’s okay,” Dean soothed, rubbing his hands over Cas’s thighs and sides, “You’re doing so good, baby, so good.”
Thunder boomed through the room, and Castiel straightened up as tall as he could. He fixed Jo with a look that made her face morph from annoyance to confusion and something more vulnerable.
“Cas,” Dean said, making Castiel jump and put his hands out in defense. Dean immediately backed up and hunched in on himself in an effort to seem smaller. “Oh, jeez, I’m sorry!”
He hadn't been able to get a good night's sleep in three months; he’d always wake up feeling like utter garbage. And his appetite had become almost nonexistent. It was a miracle he was able to function. He credited that to his Grace keeping him on two feet and replenishing the lack of sleep and nutrients in his body.
“So, um, dinner,” he said, “There’s actually a little grocery store right by your house I like to go to sometimes.”
“Alas, Castiel,” the third guard whispered, “You will have to ignore them for being such knotheads.”
“Engaged to a beta from a wealthy family. He does truly love her, too. True mates don’t happen outside of alpha-omega relationships...but I believe they are true mates, in their own way—designations be damned.” Dean let out a small, relieved chuckle. “Sam’s living the life I always wanted for him. The life he deserves.”
When Cas took his fingers out and reached back down, Dean’s eyes followed and his hips stuttered. It looked as though Cas had already come from the pool of liquid on his stomach. Dean was almost certain that Cas had to have come already.
“No,” Cas said. “I really liked it. I just… I want to try riding you, again,” he rushed out, resisting the urge to turn his head away from Dean to hide his blush.
“Yes,” Cas called back, not wanting to have to engage in conversation with her at the moment. “I’m going to the library to study, mother.”
They stayed like that for a long time before either of them moved. Cas felt something wet on the tips of his fingers. He looked at them and gasped in panic. “Exactly,” Dean pushed his face into Cas’s neck. “Breakfast should be ready by now.”
“I saw her blink twice!” Gabe said, and then wrapped himself around Rachel. “It’s okay, sis, we’ll help you get away from Jo.”
Dean smiled, leaning down to kiss away Cas's tears. He trailed his lips down to brush against Cas’s and whispered, “You did such a good job, baby." Dean kissed Cas slowly. "I'm so proud of you."
“You need like, fifty orgasms a day to be able to concentrate. And Jesus fuck, when you’re in heat?! My dick always feels like it’s gonna fall off after it’s over.”
Castiel pushed the blankets on top of him off, taking a deep breath at the ache in his joints. “Gad, what time is it?”
Dean laughed, gripping tighter onto Cas’s hand ever so slightly. “Okay,” he said. “Should I be worried?” Cas breezed into Dean’s room and closed the door behind him before pulling Dean over to their bed. “I’m gonna take that as a no, then,” Dean said, melting into the bed and pulling Cas flush against him. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's neck and smiled. Dean smiled back and kissed him slowly, smiling maybe a little too much for it to be considered a real kiss. He chuckled under his breath, pulling away and kissing down to Cas's neck.
“Oh, yes, I know,” Gabe said with fake enthusiasm. “So many that it occupied every waking moment of your time and the time of the servants who’d been hand picked by the King to deal with the plans for this wedding.”
Six was a beta named Kevin, and he could create a rift between dimensions to summon monsters under his control. The few times Castiel had seen them, he understood why simply the sight of them sent people running and he understood why Kevin wasn’t fond of summoning them. When they were sixteen, Kevin had gotten hurt on a mission and it had been too late to save him. His passing had been the second event that really sent their family into the gutter.
Dean welcomed him with open arms, and Castiel clung to him with everything he had in him as fresh tears started rolling down his cheeks.
The loud bang was deafening and left him feeling a little dizzy, but what he was really focused on was the fact that the color drained from Amara’s face and she was looking down at him in shock.
“It’ll be okay, Cas,” Dean said soothingly, finally making it to their room and over to their bed. He laid himself and Cas down, running a soothing hand through Cas’s hair as Cas let himself go and he cried.
“I don’t see why you’re complaining. It works out good for you because the longer I last the more orgasms you get,” Dean said. Castiel threw his head back as he laughed, sliding his arms around Dean’s waist.
Cas’s mouth twitched as a centerpiece was passed in front of him. Begonias, candytufts, yellow carnations, and rhododendrons. Red-orange, white, yellow. Those were the colors Ruby picked out for Meg to dismissively wave a yes to for the wedding. The colors were beautiful, Cas would admit that, but he knew what all those flowers meant. Begonias meant beware, candytufts meant indifference; yellow carnations meant disdain, disappointment, rejection; and rhododendrons meant danger you should flee from. The combination of all those flowers were in no way anything but deliberate. He didn’t think it was Crowley or Meg’s doing, though. Neither of them knew what the flowers meant—neither cared to learn. Cas thought it more the universe telling him that he was in danger.
“Yes, Dean, please?” he whimpered, feeling the restraints around his legs go slack, too, and as Dean reached for the oil, Cas wrapped his legs around Dean’s waist. “Everything felt so good… Everything still feels so good.”
Dean loved him? How could Gabe be so sure? Dean never said anything to Cas before about it. What was he supposed to do with this information? What did Gabe know that Cas didn’t?
In the corner of his vision, he could vaguely register everyone standing as he entered the chapel and started the long trek down the velvet aisle, but he didn’t see any of them. He could only look at the handsome, green-eyed alpha standing at the altar. The alpha who was waiting for him to stand by his side.
