John sighed. "Doesn't matter. Either way we're going to end up crossing paths, and it will be  really awkward and she'll either not remember me or be really angry or something..."
“Git. Okay, so first I thought we could have pancakes for breakfast.”
“Yeah. Something to do with me abandoning her for you two dates in a row.”
A soldier entered - Bill Murray, also a nurse, not the actor. John tried to smile weakly at him - he liked him, he'd go out for drinks with this one - and Bill returned it with an easy grin, but one that was full of relief.
The cab pulls up outside of 221 Baker Street and John steps out, his exhausted brain only barely remembering to pay the cabbie before leaving. Cabs are an indulgence John rarely can afford, but given how sleep deprived he is, with the lack of caffeine in his system only making that worse, the idea of getting on a crowded tube or dealing with ticket machines seems like a nightmare. The tube is hard enough as it is with his cane - the sympathetic looks, people feeling guilty and drawing attention to his injury by giving up their seats. It's humiliating more than anything, as he is usually perfectly happy standing up.
He runs out of the flat, putting his coat on as he follows Sherlock out into a cab.
John giggles again. "Well, I won't be here to bail you out when you're arrested for insulting our police force."
"Good."
"Welcome, welcome," Mcgonagall called out across the hall, "To Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I would like to introduce, first of all, Beuxbatons Academy of Magic, and their headmistress, Madam Olympe Maxime," the hall clapped as the Beuxbatons students and the teacher stood up - Maxime's height was immediately emphasised - "And finally, to Durmstrangs' Institute, and their headmaster, Professor Benedikt Karlssen."
"Why?" Sherlock tilted his head. "I drunk the alcohol, I offended him with my deductions. Victor didn't do anything."
They're both at Baker Street, taking a break and drinking tea in comfortable silence, when Sherlock's phone buzzes.
"No I was caught up in the case of the poisoned pumpkin juice and Violet Finnley's case around that time." Sherlock frowned, a silent 'obviously' hanging in the air.
"But then I wouldn't have a job."
"Ever confronted a Milverssen before?" John joked.
"I just like your company." He reiterates emphatically, "it was never about the experiment."
By the time the exam ended, John's wrist was cramping painfully and ink was stained into the side of his hand. The page, slightly smudged from his writing hand skimming the surface as he wrote (the woes of being left handed), was completely filled with in depth explanations and descriptions and repetitions of useless information. John was fairly confident he had at least gained an A, maybe an E if his examiner was being kind. The clock chimed, and students immediately  left their seats in silence, until they entered the hall and the full murmur of nervous chatting could be heard in the distance.
Moran's straight face slowly creeped into a sly grin. "Fine. I'll valk over to you." He walked briskly forward, too quickly and threatening for John's liking, and John tried to step back only to find the maze wall blocking his escape. Then he noticed the flash of silver in Moran's other hand, glinting against the moonlight.
Sherlock slammed open the door to 221b and immediately stormed towards his room. John followed behind frustratedly. "Sherlock, wait - "
John Watson, unbeknownst to most is actually the sidekick of the infamous boy-detective Sherlock Holmes who made the front cover of the Daily Prophet last year for recovering Kitty Hilling's ministry files, which contained data for a vast number of secret schemes and plans for which potential dark wizards would pay through the nose for. So press and attention is something John wasn't completely unused to.
"Oh, um," a pause, "I'm trying not to wake up Mary."
"Now would be a pretty good time to tell me anything the Milverssen will pick up on. Don't want any surprises if he reveals you...killed a man, or something."
“Of course. We were just finished anyway.” John glances down sadly at his half finished pancake but nods in agreement nonetheless. “Excuse me while I get dressed. John, keep him entertained.”
"Sherlock Holmes?"
Sherlock splutters and chokes on his coffee. "I'm sorry?"
Sherlock retreated up to his dorm, and he found all the other boys in the dorm staring at him wide-eyed - like they expected him to suddenly lash out or burst into tears like some Austen heroine. Some were sat on each other's beds talking in groups. Others were already prepared to go to sleep. Sherlock ignored them as he grabbed his clothes and took them into the bathroom to change, his head held steadily up, though his teeth were gritted so hard his jaw hurt.
"Leave it, Phillip, you're not helping." Donovan muttered. She then turned to glare at Sherlock. "As I was saying, I know where you two were."
“Tell Hope he’ll have to wait for a bit. Half an hour, maybe. Can’t have him going up and abducting Sherlock in the middle of...that.”
"You collected all this?" He asks.
"I know, I just wanted to - officially break it up, I guess." He scratched the back of his neck. "So, are we okay?"
While the cast pack up their chairs and leave, John whispers to Sherlock, “Is she always so…”
"Yes."
"Those two come a close second, though."
Sherlock isn’t entirely sure what he was thinking when he approached John first with his deductions.
The thought slams through him unexpectedly, painfully, with a sudden reminder of just how far away from home he is and how long he has to go still. These last nine months have been hell, but he expects it will only get worse. He casts the thought aside for now and comes back inside, putting the lighter and cigarette away. “Look, I should probably go. I told you I was just passing by the city and I have a train to catch in a few hours.”
“Come here, Sherlock.”
"Well, we don't know that they're innocent for certain until I can get there, but yes, I suppose so." Then Sherlock turns to John, mischief burning in his eyes. "Come with me."
Gasps and applause rippled out from the Beuxbatons to polite claps from the rest of the school. Janine stood up, smiling and sashaying confidently (was there anyone is Beuxbatons who didn't sashay?) up to the front. With one last grin aimed at Mary, she too left to the side chambers.
“Person?” He repeats
“You needed a cigarette.”
Legilemens: someone who can read minds. Like Queenie in fantastic beasts
Sherlock was left alone at lunch, reading over Ozymander's Guide To Dragon Care for the twenty-somethieth time to try and distract himself from the never ending sad bitterness of being left alone by John and Mary. Obviously, he understood, somewhat, why. Mary wanted 'alone time' with John, John wanted to be with Mary. Even so...
“I’m kept busy by the work, you know that. And Redbeard here is three times the company any other companion could offer me.” Redbeard barks at the sound of his own name, and wags his tail as Sherlock scratches behind his second right ear. “I’m perfectly sane and happy as things are.”
Of course, now John was in his sixth year it was all fine. He could dodge the people and see through the smoke emanating from the red train easily. What was a little heat and claustrophobia compared to the relief of being back in the wizarding world?
Their hands joined, John leads Sherlock to a space in the middle of the floor, kicking out a couple of balloons in his path -
(See the end of the chapter for
"Ask the victims' relatives about any tattoos or nearby tattoo parlours. If you need us we'll be in the morgue."
“Yes. Forty seven.”
"Just read it." John passed the paper and Sherlock, Greg and Mycroft gathered around it:
"Oh, nothing much," Sherlock says as he stands up. "Except that she's single with an irregular and pitiful social life, and that she's training to become a teacher but sketches in her spare time. She's superstitious, though not religious as such. She also recently got out of a relationship with a well-built man who is about six feet tall, perhaps taller, and who is prone to bouts of anger."
When John had woken up in Afghanistan after getting shot, he was alone. His eyes had blinked wearily open under the blinding white of the military hospital lights, he had looked around and there was no one. No family, no friends, even the nurse had someone more urgent to attend to. He could do nothing but wait, his voice too hoarse to yell for attention, wearied by the fever that had wrecked his body while he was unconscious, the ache his shoulder and leg barely numbed by the painkillers he had been allowed. He realised then that this was his future now: solitude. No army friends, no career. Just a military pension and the pitying gaze of strangers falling to his cane.
"I've heard you help people with things. Solve puzzles. You helped my sister two years ago," she said, "her stuff was stolen - "
"I acknowledge it. It was a shitty thing to do, and you basically quoted a book at me, but at least you're trying. Can I be expecting any reciting from dad?"
Many hours later, long after the food was cleared away, they were still sitting and chatting without pause, sipping on their drinks (water for both. John needed to sober up after drinking the same glass of whiskey twice), the restaurant kept open just for those two. John could only assume that it was out of the favour Angelo owed Sherlock they were allowed to stay there for so long. Even so, John didn’t want to push his luck. As he was laughing at another one of Sherlock’s anecdotes (a failed chemistry experiment from when he was ten), he made a show of looking at his watch and widening his eyes.
“But they can be recovered from, right?”
“You’re very confident for someone about to come out to your parents,” Sherlock remarks. He’s right, John is confident. Or at least trying to be. He’s been distracting himself with his work, wiping down the used coffee machine and counter and tables until they are pristine while reassuring himself that it won’t be all that bad.
Sherlock gives John A Look. The 'Don't be an idiot' look. "Come on, John. Surely you saw all those actresses and singers and girl groups on her walls?"
"Like what?"
"Sherlock! Hey, what happened?"
“You know what, I’m not sure it’s all worth it.”
"I'm listening."
"I see. And what's in it for you? Do you want money for your time? Because that's possible and only fair..."
“Better?” Watson asks quietly. He feels Holmes nod almost imperceptibly, squeezing him tighter, like any distance between them is utterly unacceptable. Reassured that Holmes is no longer panicking as much, Watson breathes, closes his eyes, lets the surrounding warmth and scent of Holmes send him into sleep...
"Yes."
“Yeah, ‘cause it was weird. You with a girlfriend. That’s like... I dunno, it was weird.”
Don't stress about exams. You're moderately intelligent I'm sure you'll do fine. And don't send me a picture of you stressing. My sadistic tendencies don't extend to people I like.
"Don't jinx it." John quipped, walking off the dance floor with Mary's hand in his, hoping that the heated anger in his stomach stayed there. He could use a drink. He silently cursed Hogwarts' restrictions on alcohol in school.
“That’s Prince Harry. He got married two years ago.”
"When will he wake up?" His voice was shaking, vulnerable. He cursed his transport for being so traitorous.
John quickly retracts his hand as he hears the creaking of the stairs under Mary’s footsteps. She enters the living room, her eyes surprisingly alert for someone who had been woken up in the middle of the night and looking between the two men. “What’s happened?”
Mycroft, John and Molly proceeded to glare at Greg. "What? I'm just saying."
“See you soon.” As John left to use the bathroom, he saw out of the corner of his eye Sherlock settle back down to sleep, his eyeliner smudged around his eyes. His heart melted a little at the sight.
"But they didn't mean to kill him, the killer. The blade wasn't stabbed in the right place." Sherlock was surprised by how matter-of-factly he sounded, when inside he was cringing painfully with every word. "I don't really know why. I suspect that they're planning something, to use him as leverage still." Sherlock's voice wobbled, "he's still in danger."
Sharp fear poked at him slightly as he wondered if Sherlock could possibly know about his gift (and John’s father had been adamant that no one should ever, ever, ever find out about the gift. Ever. The Watson men had been keeping this secret for generations, and the last thing they needed was to get experimented on by some crackhead government officials or to be dishing out favours every day, as he had put it). He covered this up with a flirtatious smile, his eyes roaming up and down Sherlock’s body. “So what secrets am I hiding from you?”
“By proving that he was robbing houses at the same time as the murder took place.”
"Or at least, not looking like a fucking troll," A deep voice chuckles as Mr Watson comes into the living room, a large man with a several days old stubble. He shakes Sherlock's hand in a tight grip, judging by the slight wince on Sherlock's face. "Sherlock Holmes."
Still, he didn't understand why dressrobes were obligatory, when muggle tuxedos were so much more comfortable and didn't make him look like an out-of-place barrister, fresh from the court room, whose robes were too long for him. He thought with envy about how much more freedom the girls had with their outfits. He recalled those lunchtimes Mary spent talking to Janine, grinning excitedly as they squealed in rapid french and made flowing hand actions describing the shapes of their dresses. John managed to pick up words like 'bleu' and 'jusqu'à mes chevilles', whatever that meant. Meanwhile, as far as he could see from watching the boys sharing his dormroom opening similar packaging, all the boys had to wear the exact same styles and colours as each other, the only variety being whether that boy suited their outfit.
“Yeah, thanks. But anyway, it wouldn’t be fair to drag you and your feelings into my parental issues. I suppose technically it is hormones - oxytocin, serotonin, dopamine, adrenaline - “
After 15 minutes of letting the potion cool, it had gone a dark turquoise and John smiled in relief as he could smell the Amortentia: the smell of burnt out candles, the sea and Sherlock's expensive shampoo. (How ridiculously predictable, John thought to himself. He breathed in the scent in contentment anyway.
“Your behaviour says otherwise.”
“If you want to get to where they are at now, you have to do exactly as you are told,” the man hissed, “no questions asked. Got that? Say ‘yes, Mr Moriarty.’”
(See the end of the chapter for
Good, he thinks. They’re getting paranoid and defensive, which means they’ll grow careless and he’s getting closer to finally coming home.
“Sort of?”
"You can assist me. You are medically trained, after all, and accustomed to death and violence."
"Jim Moriarty. Budding Criminal Mastermind. Open for business Forbidden Forest, 11pm - 2pm."
John shakes his head to reassure him of the lack of offence, as Sherlock demands, "give us five minutes with the body."
"Ok, ignoring that comment about 'us ordinary people', what happened that meant you forgot it?"
"Right... So. Do you think you'll have a funeral for Redbeard?"
And so they became integral to each others' routines, orbiting around each other in easy companionship around the flat, before dashing off to chase criminals down the streets of London, returning with their veins buzzing with adrenaline, eyes wide and bright, hearts beating wildly in their chests while their breaths come out in heavy pants. It satisfied Sherlock's constant need for mental stimulation, and John's addiction to danger. It also meant that John got to witness Sherlock's work first hand, his deductions having improved over time until they came out in a torrent, weaving a picture of a crime taking place, fixing John to his spot and leaving him unable to do anything except exclaim compliments. (John also came to discover that this time, Sherlock was always, without fail, surprised to hear someone appreciating his deductions, his confidence lost over seven years to the abuse heard from Scotland Yard's officers and judgemental clients. Perhaps Victor had had a hand in it too... This was best not to dwell on.)
John?"
He struggles to fight off a small, surprises smile. “Oh. Okay. Come on over.”
Yes, several, John thinks, but he shakes his head, as amazed at the deductions as the night before and suddenly feeling slightly more awake. "No. No, you got it in one. Just tell me what I need to do."
"Worked what out?"
"He's with Mary now." 'With', in every sense of the word. "I'm off to do violin practice. Leave me alone."
[unsent] I’m not the old Sherlo
"Getting fresh air? Yeah, me too." She leans against the wall and takes out a cigarette from her pocket. "It got a bit stifling in there."
"I - uh - "
“Maybe so. But I’m certain that some parts of his legacy remain at least. He was more than willing to die at St Barts. He wouldn’t have done so if he didn’t have plans for what would happen to his network after his death.”
“Good. I can wait until then.”
"We don't have an espresso listed, I'm afraid," John replies innocently. He may as well have fun with this to try and get through the next four hours, and the customer is giving off a public school vibe that deserves to be teased a little. "Want to try again?
"Mary Morstan," John looked up at Sherlock, "Remember? The girl who gave me her number but I forgot to call her?"
“But -”
"No I'm not. Of course I'm not."
"What?"
“Here!” John interrupts them abruptly, then clears his throat when he realises that, in a sudden and unexpected turn events, Sherlock and Irene are paying attention to him. “Here, use mine.”
Please find all the necessary enrollment forms enclosed with this letter, as well as all the details on the bursary and other financial support given to you. We appreciate your filling them out and returning them to us soon. If you have any questions or problems, please feel free to contact us.
“I’ve met someone.”
John couldn't help the small tug at his lips. "Mmh. What are we doing here anyway?"
But John stayed. And, in a bizarre turn of events, he kissed him. Or maybe Sherlock did, as a plea to make him stay, or simply because the temptation was too much to bare. It was glorious and terrifying and definitely nothing like what Sherlock would have wanted a first
John grinned, a familiar, mischievous twinkle in his eye. “As you wish.”
They quickly enter inside before the guard can return.
Sherlock nodded. "You too, remember. You've had a shock over the last couple of weeks too."
John was in the nearest bed to the door. Sherlock didn't hesitate to enter the infirmary and rush to John's side. He was pale (blood loss), and his eyes were closed shut, having been put into a comatose state to speed up recovery. His chest rose and fell slowly, and for every space in which there was no movement, between breaths, Sherlock's chest clenched in worry. There were no IV lines, no machines to keep track of John's vitals. The wizarding world considered themselves above this. Sherlock pulled up a seat close to the bed and sat down in it. He grabbed John's left hand - his dominant one - and stroked it with his thumb. It was warm, full of life, and for a moment Sherlock could imagine that John was just sleeping next to him, that they were in the Room of Requirement and they had nothing to worry about, that it was just the two of them together.
"THEY WANT TO MEET IN THE INFIRMARY!"
“Well… your wife has gone missing, John. Let me come over as a friend, if not a detective.”
"Thief's Downfall?" Asked Madam Maxime.
"Really?" John couldn't help his surprise, even though he knew for a fact that he had memorised and followed every instruction word-for-word.
"That's true."
He changes Rosie, feeds her, burps her, then puts her in her playpen before he thinks to check up on Mary. He enters the bedroom calling her name, and isn’t surprised to find it empty, the bed neatly and clinically made, the wardrobe absent of her clothes and duffel bag for her gun.
"Anything about... anything I said?"
"But you should be pretty prepared." Sherlock pointed out. "So you'll be fine."
"'Course." In the distance, he hears sirens. He supposes that gunshots are more efficient than phone calls to bring ambulances to a scene. His vision starts to fade. "I have you to live for."
"My god, it is you!" The blonde girl smiled. Smiled?
The students climbed out one by one - each wearing the same expression of discomfort and cold - until the last one, who John was somehow drawn to, in the sense that she induced a sense of de ja vu. He frowned and studied her short blonde curls, and pale complexion and her stance -
Dear John
He’s been looking forward to one for days, of course, both him and Sherlock itching for their adrenaline fix, growing irritable and claustrophobic in the flat. When Greg rang with an unsolvable bank robbery, they immediately accepted. They didn’t care that any other day, it would barely be worth a Six - ‘impossible’ bank robberies were well below Sherlock’s repertoire.
"Why?"
"Yes."
Sherlock splutters in protest, looking so offended that it makes John cackle at the sight. “Once! I watched it once!”
"Oh, for god's sake. I'm fine. Really."
"Sometimes?"
Which is why it came as such a shock to him when he woke up to find John fully dressed in his t-shirt and shorts, and packing up his things into his suitcase.
"I don't actually care about when you introduced me to your friends. I don't know what came over me."
Anyway, one notable event happened which made the whole thing slightly tolerable. My great aunt lives in a small village in the middle of nowhere, so you'd think that  on the rare occasion crime happens it would be easy to find the culprit, right? Nope. The local police there are so imbecilic they can't find a simple burglar. They use excuses like 'she's too nice to rob people! He always turns up to church, no one that pious would dare to steal things!' So I did the decent thing and intervened. Through asking the right questions and making the correct deductions, I found out that the burglar was the local doctor who took advantage of her affair with the local rich person (every village has one) to steal from him in the dead of night to pay for her daughter's university fees. Noble motivations regardless, the village is now down a doctor and I'm now even less popular there for it. I think it's worth it for the rush of solving the puzzle, even one that only took a few hours to solve.
"Sherlock?"
"..."
They reached the end of the line and asked for their tickets, booked under the name of Holmes. In return, they only got given one.
"You're constantly staring at him, you get jealous whenever Mary so much as touches him, you're making him do study sessions so that he won't get hurt... That's enough to be going on with, don't you think?" Janine's smile was sympathetic. Sherlock loathed it.
"He can't wait an entire week! He'll hear about it soon enough - "
John's stomach twisted at the idea of it, but he knew that Sherlock had relapsed, somehow, and that Victor knew. Victor may even have been responsible for it. It wouldn't be surprising if he was: he seemed to reek of arrogance, of control over Sherlock. John hated him with a passion.
“Well, she has a gun and she’s trained to use it, so she definitely is a threat. But unlikely to harm you if you stay out of her way.”
He knew that he was interfering - or at least trying to - in the relationship of a man he met once (and had dinner with, and exchanged numbers with, and shagged with) for no other reason than pure selfishness. For all John knew, Sherlock could be far happier with this bloke he picked up than with John.
"You will write to me?" Janine asked as she wrote an address on Sherlock's hand. "Tell me how you're feeling?"
"What can I say? I'm the master of Black Five." John's smile is crooked and cheeky and Sherlock can't help emulating it softly.
. Hardly counts, does it?"
"I quite agree. Let's start with the basics, then, shall we?" Sherlock sits down opposite with a dramatic swish of his burgundy dressing gown, which he is wearing over the top of a dress shirt and trousers, John notices with amusement. He crosses one leg over another and takes out his notebook and pen from the night before. "So, John Watson. You got three hours of poor quality sleep last night, interrupted by nightmares. The night before - or rather, day before, before your shift - you got six hours of sleep total, not counting the interruptions every two to three hours when your restlessness and nightmares got the better of you. You are very deprived of sleep and therefore the perfect subject for my experiment. Any questions?"
"I know that you lived in Norfolk until the age of 8. I know your parents were infamous death eaters and were responsible for events that occurred during The Dark Lord's take over in the 90's." Mary swallowed down her rising anger and clenched her fist. The man kept going. "You were part of it too. At a young age you were taught to use vanishing cabinets to deliver messages; you could produce a full-body patronus charm by the age of six, along with other spells that your classmates probably wouldn't be able to do if they tried. But after they died in the Battle of Hogwarts and Voldemort was killed, you were moved to live with your muggle-sympathising aunt in France. She was ashamed of you and your family's history, so she changed your name. Your identity. No one knows who you are. Except me. The best part? You miss it." The man's smirk grew, baring a few polished, sharp teeth. Mary shuddered. "You miss being cleverer than everyone. You miss the excitement of working against the law."
He clears his throat. Change the subject. “Well, I’m so used to just being called your assistant by our clients and news articles about us, it would be nice to be respected for a change.”
“So you didn’t mean it?”
"Of course. Right then." Sherlock stood up determinedly, though his legs were still somewhat unsteady from the shock. "Let's go."
Soon after they finish their meal, which Sherlock consumes the majority of but would never admit to, and part way through Midnight Run, John's phone buzzes with a text inside his pocket. It's from Mary - no one else other than Sherlock and occasionally Harry really texts him these days.
Apparently satisfied that John is not, in fact, an intruder, he hisses, “You shouldn’t be here."
Sorry this took so long to update. There were exams, then other stuff too, causing serious writers block. And general losing enthusiasm for this fanfiction. That happened.
“Essentially? What does that mean?”
"It's a nice picture. You're very... photogenic."
"Hello?"
“Yes, this again! I told you to stay at home, and you didn’t listen!”
“Welcome, everyone, to the first rehearsal of Twelfth Night.” She pauses, as though expecting applause and cheers. Instead, she receives polite clapping from John and Harry and an unenthusiastic whoop from the corner. “For those who don’t know me, I’m Irene Adler, and I am co-directing along with my friend Harry Watson. Now, some of you may be wondering why we have decided to undertake the arduous task of…”
"It's just a light shower," Sherlock replies with a shrug. "Hardly anything I can't cope with."
"They lack your...subtlety," Mycroft replied, pausing at the last word as he cocked an eyebrow at the completely un-subtle way that Sherlock was glaring at him. "And remember, you still owe me a favour."
19:42 It’s alright. I forgive you, remember? You did it to save me
“I don’t know,” Sherlock pulled away from John, “but since the last tournament in 1994 no one has really trusted it in Hogwarts’ hands. And frankly, neither do I.”
“No, I mean it.” He takes Sherlock’s hand in both of his.
"More dangerous than the fact that she shot you?!"
“Nope. The audience was so focused on the cock-ups they couldn’t care less about the semantic field of water running throughout the play, or the subtext on discrimination against immigrants, or even the twist at the end that the main character’s best friend was actually a ghost all along.”
A sigh of relief swept across the hall as the students - and teachers - tucked ravenously into the food. Sherlock simply picked up a bread roll and picked crumbs off it. He looked over at the gryffindor table, where John was laughing at something Lestrade said and eating. John then looked over and made eye contact with Sherlock. Oddly, his stomach jolted. John then nodded towards the - now almost completely disintegrated - bread roll in Sherlock's hand.
"J-John? It's me."
Last weekend I went to visit my great aunt and. It was truly awful. As one of the younger cousins, I'm constantly given unwanted attention, bombarded with questions about school and whether I've made any friends yet. She was asking me constantly about you. And kept referring to you as 'she' even when I corrected her. She may still be in denial that she could possibly have a gay great nephew (even though I did tell her a year ago.) Oh, looking back, I realise I neglected to mention this, only that I've never had a boyfriend or girlfriend. I hear that it's important to tell friends these things, but I don't know why. Is it important? You told me (after I deduced it) that you're bisexual, so maybe it is.
"Ok. So. Back to normal?"
On their seventh session, John actually wins a round at chess. He suspects Sherlock may have let him win, but he's too pleased with himself to put much effort into thinking about it.
So, to clarify: we both liked kissing each other, and we both want to kiss each other again. Okay then. Good.
"That's nice of him. I'm guessing Sherlock and Greg's professors aren't being quite as nice, then?"
“Of course. I believed you. I trust you wholeheartedly. But - there was rather a lot of blood.” Sherlock’s voice sounds strained, his bottom lip wobbling slightly. “I’ve seen hundreds of crime scenes, hundreds of victims who have faced wounds half as bad and not lived. A hotel room, a domestic between a married couple, a third party, a gun, shot in self-defence; all painfully familiar to me. You could have just ended up being another file on Scotland Yard’s desk for me to solve.”
“But - “
He put his tournament uniform on, checking himself in the mirror one last time, then went down to breakfast, running down the steps to the point he nearly trips over, and entered into the Great Hall. Mary waved him over and he found Sherlock and Janine sitting next to her. The past couple of months they had all been sitting next to each other, rather than separately as they had done before Christmas. John definitely preferred this. He sat down besides Mary and poured himself some pumpkin juice.
"You could pursue other hobbies. You play the violin, right?"
"Okay, and?"
John chuckles at the observation and continues reading:
"Oh, Sherlock." Mycroft's voice was soft, nothing more than a gush of air.
“I know. But she - she’s squirming. A little too close to your bullet wound for comfort.” Sherlock watches John with concerned, sharp eyes from his chair, as he lies on the sofa, Rosie lying on his chest and held close in John’s arms. The entire time since John was released from hospital, Sherlock hasn’t concerned himself with anything less than John’s optimal health and comfort, constantly attending to him, even booking a double room at a hotel in Salzburg to give John his own bed to sleep while they waited for John to be well enough travel. Now that they’re home in Baker Street, John had hoped for the coddling to ease up a tiny bit, but apparently that was unlikely to happen any time soon.
"What? Yes, yes I'm fine. Perfect. Ecstatic really."
“...Maybe. A little.”
John’s eyes narrowed in suspicion. "You just like watching me pull rank, don't you."
“But your protective parental instincts override everything else.”
Sherlock shakes his head. "John," he says, his voice low and only just above a whisper, "I don't care about that experiment. I haven't for a while now."
Then, three months after Rosie’s birth, something happens.
John attempts to finish Sherlock's sentence as he struggles. "As his..." Colleague? Friend? Experiment subject? None of those labels seemed adequate, except for the last one, which would only make it seem weird. Mrs Hudson simply nodded knowingly and smiled.
Sherlock’s heart rate rapidly increases at the thought that he and John could end up being forced to act in this way, as lovers and not two complete strangers, of whom one is mildly obsessed with the other.
The next morning John woke to the sound of his phone ringing, the weight of Sherlock’s arm thrown across his stomach. He groaned as he reached blindly for the floor, trying to find his trousers where he kept his phone. He found it soon enough and answered it. “Hello?” He croaked.
"Oh, that one." Sherlock said, taking more books from the shelf (how he was able to carry all those books, John didn't know). "I'm  surprised people made such a big deal out of it. Lestrade could have solved it."
It's all child's play really.
Anthony piled up five or so cards onto the small desk of drawers beside the hospital bed. "Shout if you need anything," he said, "lunch is soon if you're feeling up to it."
This is the chapter I've been most nervous about because I've been planning and drafting it for so long. The plot of this chapter and the plan has changed too many times to count and I'm still not entirely sure if this is the right one. But I got bored of redrafting and I am super behind schedule, so here it is.
“It’s alright, John. Truth be told, my hearing has been rather suffering lately, but the walls are so thin here. Thank goodness you boys are so remarkably quiet. And the little one of course.” She smiles at Rosie, who is lying on her play mat, content to be quietly staring at the mobile hanging above her.
"I hate dressrobes." John blurted out. "I'd rather where something more comfortable."
"I don't know."
Sherlock smiled and looked at his feet. Looking up again, he said, not really thinking, "I'm glad you were chosen. You deserve it, you know."
John cuts in quickly, "He just didn't want to see all your ugly mugs. Oh, except you, Amy. You're an angel and a blessing and we're delighted you're here."
"Of course I'll go out with you, you git." John laughed.
"You used to think I wasn't interested in anyone. That I wouldn't want to be with anyone. Kiss them. But I do." John's pulse quickened rapidly. Before he knew it, Sherlock's face was leaning towards his and in a blind hurry of panic, John stood up and pulled his wrist away from Sherlock's hand.
Irene: 3 - He’s a pirate. You said you loved pirates. Didn’t you want to be one when you were like 8 or something?
"She really has been," John says. "It's weird how obsessed you are with him."
He often wonders if Sherlock would be proud of him or scoff at his hypocrisy.
In his fourth year, he was shot.
"Right. Got you. No more puns for the rest of the night." There was a pause, only the sounds of their synchronised breathing and the traffic outside, until John grinned mischievously and suggested, "My Kremlin for a horse?"
"Gryffindor have never been particularly clever with their passwords, I got it in a matter of seconds. But that's not important. You know you have five minutes until you and Mary have to go down to the hall with the other Champions, right?" Sherlock said.
An overnight bag is flung over his shoulder, as they had agreed on when John received confirmation that Sherlock could stay overnight. Suddenly, the afternoon loses its monotony and the empty cafe becomes brighter with the summer sunlight. "God, Sherlock. Sorry. I meant to go to the station to pick you up but two staff members got sick and - "
"I wasn't intending for it to be, but I would win if it were." Sherlock grins. "Anyway, you'd best be on your way. I'll permit you one hour of sleep."
“Later. Yes,” Sherlock said breathlessly, as flushed as he was when they first met as he opened the door to his apartment. “Wait, what about your work tomorrow?”
Irene: Anyway, now you have the chance to live your childhood fantasy!
Back in John's room, when they're both lying on John's bed leaning up against the headboard, Sherlock's head on John's shoulders, he asks, "So you told Harry then?"
"Well, um, that was - "
"Does Mary know?"
"I'm serious. I talk about you pretty much all the time, without meaning to, really. You're intelligent. You're...well, you're better off than we are. You have my attention 90% of the time. He doesn't like that."
John wondered often why it was they weren't together in this timeline. They got together that first night, after the club, with the promise of more the next morning - more meet-ups, more dinners, more nights in each other's company. Sherlock had given him his number, for Christ's sake.
"Three per cent of couples," Sherlock admitted. "Six per cent due to long distance overall. Still far too many. And I don't exactly have the strongest track record of being statistically probable."
“Not necessarily. Maybe I would simply prefer a normal, relaxing bath, free of disturbances. Or bodily fluids.” Sherlock wrinkles his nose at the thought and John has to laugh. Oh, the hypocrisy.
Sherlock rushes out of the room. With a sigh and a smile and avoiding eye contact with Lestrade, John follows, his forehead tingling where Sherlock kissed him.
The detective inspector clears his throat, making the two of them suddenly aware that there were, in fact, other people in the room. "So do you think the ex-boyfriend did it?"
“Are you decent, boys?" A familiar female voice says from behind the door, and John's stomach plummets to the floor. The mocking voice of your ex-wife - more effective than any cold shower, apparently. "It's rude to leave a guest standing outside your door for too long."
“It’s okay. Honestly,” Sherlock breathed. God, he’d missed his voice. His smell. His weight on top of him. “I suppose it's to be expected, when one crawls into bed without warning beside an army doctor who has seen combat."
"Because," John sighed, "I need... Back up."
Redbeard whines and places his heads in Sherlock’s lap.
“Speak up!”
Sherlock smirked triumphantly, while John flushed red. His attempt at flirting to recover what they had had the first time they met didn’t go well, ending in a rushed backpedal to save them from any future awkwardness. "So why didn't you undo that?"
"Who is this?"
"I'm sorry, Sherlock. I don't know what to say."
Even with Sherlock yelling about the inaccuracies of the films, or rolling his eyes whenever James Bond started snogging yet another woman after twenty four hours of knowing  her, it’s the best date he had had in a long time. Perhaps because of those things.
“Really. Of course, it was just immature name calling at that point. But you have to give them points for their observation skills.” John gives a weak huff of laughter, decidedly disliking the people in Sherlock’s school less and less (No wonder he was so unsure about meeting John’s friends). Sherlock continued regardless, “And my parents always made sure to use non-gender specific pronouns and terms when regarding my potential soulmate. Though come to think of it, the magazine my parents once  found under my bed was probably a bit of a giveaway...”
"Don't stare!" Molly hissed. "It's rude."
“We’ve established that already. Yeah. If any person joined me…” John shrugs. “I wouldn’t say no.”
“I don’t know. I think I could tell the whole thing with complete factual accuracy and would still be pretty romantic. No embellishments needed.”
"They'll be fine with it. They support my consulting detective idea," Sherlock said dismissively.
"It's alright. I had nothing better to do." Not true - he has sleep to do, but he'd rather not offend his host. John sits down on an armchair, a soft, red one opposite the black leather armchair that seems like the one Sherlock is most likely to choose.
Yours sincerely,
John shook his head. "Unlikely. But a man can dream."
“But, I swear, as soon as I can, I will get you a matching one of these.”
“Don’t bring icepacks into our bed.”
“And not the Detective Inspector of Scotland Yard?” John’s lips twitched.
"I will be one day."
When they arrive later - having flattened down their hair ruffled by the other's hands, smoothed down the creases in their clothes caused by the risen up shirts and being pressed against the sofa -  many have already arrived. They are mostly stood in groups or pairs, either simply talking or awkwardly bobbing their heads in time with the music, not yet confident or drunk enough to actually start dancing. In one corner there is Mr and Mrs Watson, talking to another couple with Mr Watson's hand protectively placed on his partner's lower back. In the other corner are John's friends with their soulmates, chatting and laughing together. John looks over at Sherlock questioningly, and he nods reassuringly.
“I had to have something to do while I was stuck at Baker Street all those months,” Sherlock shrugs. “Even before I was shot, I started skimming through a couple of books. It was soon after your wedding, even when I started to - doubt my place in your life with your marriage to Mary, I decided that I wanted to be of any use to you that you’d need me for. If you no longer needed me for cases and adventure, then perhaps I could…” He trails off, struggling
indeed. This time he was sure it absolutely would be. No back-pedalling like the first time at Angelo’s, just waiting, subtle hints, testing the waters until the right moment came.
"So, you're nervous then. That's good. It'll motivate you."
Sherlock’s face turns red and he averts his eyes. “You - how much do you remember?” He stammers.
"I'll move on to the worst case scenarios, shall I?" Janine huffed.
John grins. “How about second kisses? Is that cliche?”
"Bit small, isn't it? If it's carrying a whole school."
"Actually, I was thinking of having dinner."
The Beaubatons and Durmstrangs left quickly and quietly on a cloudy day at the end of the month. The students were allowed to say their goodbyes, and around John were hundreds of students saying goodbye tearfully and exchanging addresses. Among those were Janine and Sherlock. Well, Janine more so than Sherlock. John hung back awkwardly and watched them talk in rapid French, wishing he could understand them.
Tomorrow, he compromised with himself, as he climbed in beside John, curling up on his side with an arm thrown over John's stomach. Tomorrow morning, when they were well-rested and recovered and Sherlock looked a little less like a corpse, he will wake John up and finally, finally, be rewarded with the reunion they deserved -
The next day, Sherlock woke to his phone on his bed stand vibrating. He reached for it immediately, and his heart jump when he saw John's name appear on the screen. He couldn't tell if it was a positive feeling. He pressed on the button and put the phone to his ear. "Hello?" His voice was croaky and sleepy from just waking up.
"You don't believe me?" Mary's tone becomes affronted, angry, even. Possibly a bit desperate. "You do realise I'm doing this all for us. For Rosie. The money I've been offered - we could do anything. Live anywhere and not have to worry about dull domesticities like the mortgage or school funds. Neither of us had an especially rich childhood. This is our chance to give our daughter the childhood we missed. Don't you want that?"
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking."
Cup o' Iced Joe
"That's good, isn't it?"
"You're not even in the tournament." Janine's mouth curled in amusement. "You must be very concerned about John to be doing his work for him."
"And what about your parents?"
In terms of information about myself you somehow haven't already worked out, there's not much to say. I played the clarinet at one point but gave up a couple of years ago to make time for rugby. I think I can still play a few bars of 'in the hall of the mountain king' but honestly don't get your hopes up. I don't have any pets but I'd like a dog someday. I live in North London. Do you live nearby? It would be convenient if you did.
.” Sherlock moaned as the kisses on his neck become rougher - light bites and suction, teeth scraping against the sensitive skin there. “Those ancient Greeks, they never had it far from their mind.”
“Mmh-mmh, sure, Sherlock. Well, it’s either that or you miss me.”
In terms of meeting, I'd really love that too. I'd prefer sooner rather than later too, but it'll depend on a lot of things. It's not surprising at all that you want to meet so soon, because I do too. It doesn't matter if you don't know what my favourite food is (curry) or what clothes I normally wear (plaid shirts and jumpers with jeans) or much else. We'll find that out in our own good time. Besides, some people meet within two weeks of talking to each other. We're fairly slow compared to some.
"I assume you know where you're going," Sherlock says.
John beams. "You're welcome. Okay," John stood up, putting his hands on his hips and surveying the room. I think we’re done here. People are bringing food later, Sarah and Jonathan have lights, and Darren from across the road is DJing - ”
"Oh. Thank you."
(See the end of the chapter for
What difference will one night at Baker Street make anyway? After all, with the due date vast approaching, it will probably be the last time he can stay there in a very long time.
“Oh,” Sherlock seemed as disappointed as John. “Yes, I suppose so.”
"Blaming yourself won't help anyone. Talk more about Redbeard. What is he like?"
“Hey, don’t worry about it. I love you, and I want to spoil you today.”
With a sigh and an apologetic kiss to Rosie’s forehead, he gets out his phone and rings Mycroft. He’s got a plane to Salzburg to catch.
"It doesn't matter." John pulled away from Sherlock, then threw the wipe away into a nearby rubbish bin.
"Yeah. I have to go soon. Get some sleep, Sherlock."
"Call the police," John tells Sherlock. He only receives silence in response and a wide-eyed stare of shock and amazement and...desire? No time for that now. "Now, Sherlock!"
His vision faded just as the man next to him stopped breathing.
“Ah, another one of those spies then? Darling, I’ve told you to tell your brother to stop.” This Victor's voice was just as posh, with perfect intonation to match Sherlock's.
"It doesn't have to be...cult-like. Just... gather friends and family around and say a couple of things about all the good times you had with Redbeard."
He indulges in watching Sherlock as he plays, the way he minutely sways to his own music, the way the tips of his fingers vibrate and create such beautiful sounds. Before, such an indulgence would lead to guilt and averted eyes, but now he's allowed. He's allowed to look, and admire, and not hide the love in his eyes, even when Sherlock looks back at him with a smile playing at his lips.
"Deduce us. All of us."
"I wouldn't expect you not to."
By then Sherlock had pulled back, an unfamiliar look of uncertainty spread over his face as his eyes ran over John's face, deducing, checking. Not unlike the way the Milverssen had done. Except its eyes were dead, inhuman. Sherlock's were very much alive - glowing in comforting and exotic greens and blues. John had never been more in love.
“My condolences.”
“So, even if, say, a
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply with a sarcastic comment, when Professor Slughorn walked in and greeted the room.
He hurried out of the stadium and back to the tent, not caring whether or not he was even supposed to go there. On his way there, he passed Moran, who stared at him with a small, proud, calculating smirk on his face. He ignored him, as he decided he would for the rest of his life to anyone he sold come into contact with after the humiliation of this round.
John snorted. Just when he thought he wasn't going to stick out as the uncultured plebeian. "Opera glasses. Jesus fucking Christ - "
"The fact that he keeps glancing over at you says that things aren't going well with his soulmate and he is very obviously attracted to you."
"Instrument cleaners," the flautist replied calmly, a practised excuse. John snorted as he watched the performance.
"But how are these champions selected? Well, starting from the fifth of October, students who wish to compete will put in their names for them to be selected out of this - " with a flick of her wand, The case melted away and was left with a large goblet, with blue flames coming out of the top. The audience ooh'd.
"Wouldn't it be quicker," John panted, "to go to the bridge?"
Lestrade grits his teeth with a sigh, replies "you can have two," and obeys Sherlock's request and leaves.
Once they're done, Sherlock lingers at the threshold of John's room, looking towards the living room, but swaying on the balls of his feet. "So. I'll see you in the morning, then." He whispers, barely audible.
“Acceptable. And the movies?”
"Well, then, maybe you can be in charge of publicity when we work together."
19:34 Nothing. SH
"How good a shot are you?"
“What for? She’s gone. There’s no sign she was ever here in the first place. Even you would only be able  to deduce the obvious.”
"It's pretty obvious. I was just wondering."
"You can't or you won't?"
Then he froze in the doorway. Back straight, limbs immobile, not even daring to breathe, as though the slightest exhale could blow away the mirage before him like dandelion seeds.
"I know but - "
John: I’m so confused
"He was in the car, then?" John asked. "The diplomat?"
Sherlock glared even fiercer, but just as he was about to speak, a voice behind them spoke: “I don’t suppose I ought to be jealous of this scene, should I?”
Although, perhaps that would mean a spike in infidelity and divorces as the number of trials and therefore failures increased, perhaps causing a rise in more crimes of passion. That would make things very interesting.
Molly laughed softly. "Such a drama queen. But John told me about the drinking. I came up here to see how you were. You'll need some water, for the hangover. And some food."
"That's...less of an exaggeration."
"You know," John says once they reach the end of the pictures, "You're not in the last few pictures at all."
“I know.”
“I agree. Have fun in Scotland.”
“Agreed. Perhaps if we shared that hotel room…”
"Because hasn't this all happened before? Don't you remember?"
"Right, sorry. Did I wake you?"
John laughed.
“You don’t think I know that?” Sherlock raises his voice, looking up and glaring into John’s eyes. “You don’t think I already blame myself every time you get hurt?”
"We can't both stare."
"What now? You give a speech about how 'caring is not an advantage' and 'it was only a matter of time'? Because that message has been engraved in my head quite plainly." Sherlock spat.
The room of the dead body was lit up by the lights the Yard had brought. The wall paper was peeling and there were dead flies at the one, small windowsill in the room. Sherlock looked down at the body. It was face-down, but he could see enough from where he was standing: female, early forties, married, dressed entirely in the same hideous shade of pink, right down to her painted fingernails. Her hair was messy and slightly damp, weather beaten.
"You can't see me."
Greg smiles wearily, his dark brown eyes brightening. Molly finds herself rather liking them, warm and safe and trustworthy. “Thanks. Not as great as if I was actually able to play him. Unlike you - you’re great at this. You got the lines spot on. The part really suits you.”
“You know.”
"Excellent deduction, John, but I was hoping you would go deeper."
“Ha! At least you tried. James Bond it is.”
He glares. “I thought we agreed never to discuss that.”
There was a pause, wherein, instinctively, John held his breath and waited for all to be revealed. Not that he didn't trust Sherlock - it was just that it had been ingrained in his mind for so long that people would spread this secret, use it for their own personal gain that he half expected exactly that to occur. Especially since this was the British government of all people in the room. But Sherlock simply shrugged. "Call it intuition. Also, the family are to stay at the hotel?"
"What? Like what?"
“But you do? Love me, that is.”
"I thought you were straight." Sherlock shrugged.
"Git."
Speaking of where we live, I've taken the liberty of sending a picture of myself to your address (which I found by asking my brother. He works in the government and has access to a lot of useful information. There were too many potential Watsons living in London for me to use any other means). I decided it was somewhat easier than giving a vague, pointless description. You want a face to a name, and I'm sure both of us would rather you had an accurate image. You should receive it in a few days. If you wish to reciprocate with a picture of yourself, I won't mind.
He wasn't all that surprised when he saw that it was now only Mary and him in the tent. Only slightly guilty.
In a rush of breath, Sherlock whispered "of course," and suddenly he was transported to a squared off bit of field, surrounded by yellow tape and forensics and police. He knew instantly he was in Sussex, as in the centre John's body was replaced by a woman's. He recognised her from the front page of a newspaper he read over the summer. Dead. "The stabbing victims."
“I know that voice. And that face.”
"Can't imagine why."
“Sherlock?”
"Essentially, yes." Sherlock opens the door for John. "Shall we?"
"No."
"Find Mary?" Sherlock said quietly.
Mycroft's death: I'm so so so sorry.
“It’s meant to symbolise commitment and resilience in the face of adversity. Love enduring against hatred. Stupid, I know, it’s just a pendant at the end of the day, and going to separate unis is hardly the greatest challenge soulmates have had to endure, but - I wanted to give you a gift anyway. So. There.”
“You need to take care of yourself more,” the John in his head tuts. He glares back.
“I hate you.”
Sherlock sighs then reluctantly smiles for the camera, a shy, private smile that is more sincere than he would like John to believe. Rosie does not smile, but she isn't having a temper tantrum, so John takes that as a win. He takes a couple of pictures then joins in himself, turning the phone around so the camera lens faces them (Sherlock says something there being a lens at the front of the phone, but John ignores him, technology not being one of his fortes). He wraps his arm around Sherlock's waist so that they're close enough to both fit on screen them capture the three of them together. Afterwards, he gives the phone for Sherlock's approval.
"No he's not."
Now all there is to do is find the main office, destroy the mainframe of the computer, take out every single person in the building, and make an escape. Where to? A hospital would be ideal, but not good for remaining hidden from pursuing enemies. Is there a safe house nearby? Not for miles. Hotel? Would ask questions about his injuries and probably wouldn’t have the medical resources he needs to recover.
"Well, if he is, he'd better wrap up warm.” He smiles to himself. “There's an East Wind coming."
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know usually someone would offer words of consolation or advice but -”
“Another one?” Sherlock asked. The detective inspector nodded.
Mycroft wasn't the only one who felt the need to comment on Sherlock's feelings. When he went down to breakfast the next morning, Janine was staring at him sadly. He looked for John, to find that he was at the other end of the hall, with Mary, Greg and Molly. Sherlock sat next to Janine.
When John first meets Mary, it’s a cold, rainy day in April.
"I have this little plan of mine. Not like Voldemort or anything - he was quite amateurish with his schemes, in my opinion. Couldn't even kill a one year old. But I digress. In order for me to complete my overall plan, I need supporters. Employees, if you will. And a girl of your skill set and background would be very valuable to me. And with a little bit of training - "
"Yeah."
"That's good. I'm glad." John licked his lips, clearly in deep thought about something. "Where were you at breakfast, anyway?"
"I'll explain later but first- " Moriarty grabbed Alissia's left wrist with his left hand making her wince - "take my wrist." They stood like this as though they were shaking hands. Alissia could feel his pulse through his wrist, calm and relaxed. "Now, Sebby, would you be a dear?"
And thanks for that slightly terrifying warning about your brother, by the way. I certainly don't plan on doing anything that would make him want to break any limbs, legs or otherwise.
Sherlock closed his eyes, steepled his fingers to his lips and said in a whisper. "The killer is trying to get my attention. He can't get much closer to me than through you."
"Not her cleverest idea. You okay?"
"Have you ever considered getting to know someone for the sake of something other than science?"
John ordered Sherlock's drink, then asked. "So can you do that with everyone?"
“Well, that’s why I bought the necklace.”
John falters and stutters. "What? Who said anything about - "
"So it did come from the audience?"
"I mean, it's true. I play saxophone with her in jazz band, and the trumpets always get timing wrong at one point or another."
"But not surprising when you consider that this was the work of a serial killer. We may have to pop round to the morgue to compare this to the other bodies."
“Oh right. Shit. Sorry.”
Sherlock smiles as he takes a sip of his coffee. "Army doctor. Should have known."
“Since when were you conscious of bodily fluids?”
They kiss as the people cheer in the distance for the end of Soulmates day.
"Each of your creatures is guarding a golden egg. You must find and retrieve this egg by any means necessary. If you had been preparing properly, you would somewhat know how to beat your creature." Nope. "But if you get into serious danger, or you don't retrieve the egg in time, you will be extracted from the stadium and taken care of, if necessary. However it will mean you will retrieve less points."
“What did I say?”
John downs his drink without protest. “Never have I ever solved a murder.”
"Very good, Alissia. Very interesting."
"Agreed."
"See you, Sherlock."
Sherlock scoffed, “Yes, I saw at Angelos the wonders of being well-practised at hitting on people."
Just as he was about to leave, out of the corner of his eye he saw a man freeing himself from the dancing crowd and making his way over to the bar, sighing in relief as he took his seat next to John. He was breathless and flushed, his otherwise-pale skin gleaming in the pink and purple and blue lights with sweat and his dark curls were stuck to his forehead. But he was grinning, pale eyes gleaming as his breathing steadied.
"Since pre-school. Yes."
The corner of Mycroft's lips twitched, a false glimmer of lightness. "Okay. Try and eat today, Sherlock. You need your strength."
He didn't bother finding Mary. Perhaps out of guilt. Instead, he headed straight to his dorm, took off his robes and fell into a dreamless sleep.
“Since it came to the idea of me being in a bath with them.”
"Yeah, Robert, where's Lucy?"
“According to most people, you have a drinking problem,” John snapped back. “Clara is worried too. I can tell.”
“You know you are allowed on walks, right?”
John’s mouth fell open slightly, incredulous. “Come on. Seriously? A guy like you?”
The nurse made a soft hum, a noise of sad sympathy and patted Sherlock's shoulder assuringly. "I'm sure he will."
Harry: Fine. I admit it.
"Your reaction when I told you about my old addiction says you've had medical training, or at least trained to be objective when dealing with medical issues - and the ink on your hand says you do a lot of writing - probably for prescriptions."
"Oh yeah?"
I suppose we'll have to see whether they do view me in such rose-tinted glasses as you do, John. You're a wonderfully optimistic person and your friends do seem - well, I was going to say nice, but all I can honestly say is that they seem tolerable, or at least more so than the rugby team at my school. Are they really that eager to meet me?
He’d had it planned out, every single detail. He had known that Sherlock would look for the suitcase, contact the dead woman’s phone, would try to arrange a meeting and assume that the passenger would be the serial killer. What would come next that evening was also planned, relying on years of observing Sherlock and John’s behaviour and a gift for divination to account for every possible outcome. So far, everything was running smoothly.
In lessons where Sherlock wasn't there, or sat near him, these memories could be kept under control, and he could focus on the dull drone of Professor Binns' voice recounting yet another goblin war, or correctly cutting up snargluff roots. But in potions, if Sherlock would lean over to grab a utensil and John could breathe in the scent of Sherlock's shampoo, or in defence against the dark arts if Sherlock was twirling a quill between those long, talented fingers of his, or buying his lower lip in concentration, John would be sent back to the forbidden forest, to their first kiss in the champion's tent, or to the last time they managed to gain any privacy.
"Look at it this way, Sherlock. Who, in the maze at the time, has a large amount of upper-arm strength?"
"Just water, please. Can't stand alcohol. Vile stuff."
John grins, lifting Sherlock's head up into a kiss. “And there are worse people to spend locked away forever with.”
“You want me?”
Instead, when she reached her bed in the dorm room in the carriage, she sat down calmly, angrily, and contemplated everything.
Sherlock breathed out shakily, and the magic binding his hands together was released. He kept his eyes trained on the floor.
Sherlock visibly relaxes with the knowledge that he hasn't screwed up just yet. "Yes. My point exactly."
Watson is not as young as he used to be.
"Mary? Yeah."
"I think so," Sherlock says with the uncertainty of someone who would do anything and everything to look after the baby perfectly, scrutinising his every interaction. "By the way, John, before you go - Mackerel Watson? Really?"
“No different since I texted you this morning. I’ve managed to study a bit, though I hardly have access to the abundance of resources I did back at uni. Mostly been doing absolutely nothing of value. You?”
John started jogging once a week, going down Sherlock’s street where he’d slow down just enough to look around, try and spot a head of unruly curls, or the dark coat he had seen hanging on the back of Sherlock’s door. He looked up Sherlock’s apartment building, to see if he could spot a figure at the window, but that was a bust too.
John's eyes widened. His stomach twisted slightly and he had to restrain himself from groaning out loud. Forcing himself to turn around, he faced the girl who had just spoken, knowing full well who it was."
"First let John go," Sherlock said firmly, to which Moriarty chuckled again, a noise which clutched at Sherlock's chest like a vice and made Sherlock pulse race anxiously. "Alright. Fine." He nodded over at Moran, who with a flick of his wand released John of whatever imperius curse was holding him, causing him to collapse onto the floor like a puppet whose strings had been cut.
Sherlock reaches behind him and brings out John's cane. John's smile fades as he stares in bewilderment, eyes flicking between the object and the person in front of him. He didn't even notice that he had gone the whole day without a limp. "But I - how?!"
He steps out onto the balcony of Marco’s flat that looks out onto Florence. There’s still some activity on the street below him, couples holding hands and friends laughing and groups of tourists chatting amicably, aglow in the lights and whatever spirit will possess everyone into celebrating Valentine’s day when the morning comes. Even with the presence of someone in bed behind him, he feels surprisingly left out. He clicks on the lighter -
“Yes?”
During their fourth or so break, John realised that he hadn't spoken to Sherlock all evening. He hadn't even seen him since the beginning dances. He looked around the room and there was no sign of him: not dancing in the centre of the room, not sitting at a table, not (thank Merlin) one of the couples kissing - less discreetly than they probably thought - against the wall or in a corner.
"One. We booked one. Thank you ever so much." Sherlock flashed a false grin at the man who handed them the tickets, before ushering John away, his hand on his arm. When they were a safe distance away from other people, he turned to him and whispered quietly, "You're going to go in alone. Keep an eye on the audience."
“Look on the bright side, you’ve made it this far without dying, and you’re doing pretty well in terms of points. Well, you're last, but still..." Greg said lightly.
“Harry, drop it. I’m not accepting anything from you.”
"You alright?" John asked. Sherlock could never tell if he was genuinely concerned or if it was just a conversation starter. Probably the latter.
"No, not just to read," Sherlock sighed irritably. "there was a family event. Gathering."
"Karlssen." Madam Maxime warned.
John laughed. "Thank you. Besides, it might be fun for you. Mary has a friend." John emphasised the word friend in a way Sherlock didn't want to identify the meaning of. "Janine, remember?"
Sorry this is late. I was ill and busy. Also, this prompt was hard. I basically just had a mini-plot of my own and then tried to squeeze in the presence of gingerbread.
I keep looking back at what I wrote to see if can spot what made you deduce all that about me but honestly I'm flummoxed. You will tell me right?
“Of course. I’m her godfather. Mrs Hudson has already taken on the role of honorary grandmother with enthusiasm. And mycroft has the ability to hack into security cameras as impromptu baby monitors.”
"I'm fine. Perfect. Fantastic, actually."
They jump apart as fast as lightning, facing the door, hearts thumping. Sherlock picks up his gun from the floor (
“You can take my bed, if you wish. It would save you the effort of getting up in the night, at least. I can stay on the sofa - “
"That's not what I meant."
All he could do was gather up all the relevant pamphlets from the hospital and dump them through Sherlock’s letterbox, hoping, praying, that this would be enough, for now, to save him, before deciding that he had to give up on Sherlock for good: no amount of time travel would change the fact that some things simply aren't meant to be.
As well as this being my birthday - why you came round to visit - a year ago today, I wrote to you for the very first time. I was sceptical about the soulmate system and had absolutely no faith in it. I wrote about murder, for god's sake, and yet, you still wrote back. Because of that, the day deserves acknowledgement. Both days really - the day that despite my stubborn determination to not let myself be deceived into sentimental attachment, I wrote to a complete stranger, and also the day you wrote back (April 10th) and gave me the tiniest hope that, maybe, I could like and be liked in return. Love didn't even seem a possibility to me then.
"Of course not. Just involved." Mycroft stood up and looked down at Sherlock. The height difference wasn't nearly as big as Mycroft made it seem. "Don't get anymore involved, Brother Dear." Sherlock winced. "It will only end in tears."
"You were going to, so I decided to save you the time. Are you going to sit down?"
“Good. So. I’ll see you when you get back from France, yeah?”
"Ve are not criminals." Moran said.
Fortunately, he doesn't wait long before he sees John coming out from the train carriage, with a beam bright enough to fill Sherlock with warmth and make him forget the atrocious weather. He is also wearing a raincoat with a hood covering his sandy blonde hair - clever, well prepared - and is somewhat shielded from the weather.
"Why?"
"What if it did though?" Sherlock said quietly.
who sits here and looks pretty -"
Thank you so much for every hit, kudos, bookmark, comment, recommendation, etc, etc. I've honestly really enjoyed writing this so I hope you've enjoyed reading it to.
John picks an Italian restaurant that he likes. The waiter winks and brings them both a candle, stating that it's more romantic, but neither John nor Sherlock correct her. They simply both avert their gaze to the menu and quickly order.
“I think we’re alright on the diseases front, you and I. The idea is that it shows you’re not carrying a knife in your hand. So I know I can trust you.”
Soon, a flautist approached Sherlock, who went through all the routine inspections - inside, around, piece by piece, case, note. Sherlock made a triumphant noise as on the inside of one of the pieces of the flute, he picked out four small objects, like tiny feather dusters - the fuzzy end was bright green, just like the darts.
"We can arrange for him to be moved to Saint Mungo's," Mycroft told Sherlock. "He'll be safe there."
"Are you drunk?" John asked.
Sherlock looked down at the floor. "You'll be fine without me. Better even."
"Yes you do. Dust is basically shed human skin."
"You shouldn't need a book to tell you that insulting your child's soulmate, then kicking them out of the house for the night is a crap thing to do."
"They're as good as. Nothing... official yet. But give it time, though."
Sherlock exhales through his nose, his eyes closed, as though the sheer idea of sleep was torture, then says reluctantly, "as you wish."
“So,” he began awkwardly. “How’s the...what was that last play called again?”
The first exam came on the 31st of May: charms. John and Sherlock sat at opposite ends of the hall, with the other hundred students in their year in alphabetical order for an hour and a half, the clock ticking painfully ahead of them. He sat and stared at the paper; it was 10 questions long, the last three meant to earn a large percentage of the paper by writing long paragraphs explaining the effects of certain spells and the actual origins of the names (Latin. Always some form of Latin) and who invented the spell. The others were  just naming spells and stating their affects simply. After the first four questions, John looked over at Sherlock, who was sat in front of Molly, and tried to make eye contact with him, for the sake of something to do (not wise, in retrospect. Not enough time.) But Sherlock was busy scribbling down with such ferocity that he didn't look up from the page, like he was running out of time. John actually checked the great clock at the front of the hall to make sure that there was enough time for him to finish.
“She’s never really been the compromising type.” You of all people should know that, he doesn’t say. The bullet wound you spent months recovering from is proof of this. “Besides, she is the one who put in all the effort to bring her into the world. She‘s been reminding me of that for the last week, whenever we talked about it,” John half chuckles.
"Oh is it? You saw what Moriarty did to Sherlock. Did to
Then in a flash everything changed.
Then Sherlock Holmes opens the coffee shop door and walks into his life, and as far as John could tell at the time, he fits into none of the above customer categories.
"The guy at the far end of the classroom. You can't miss him."
“I’ll let you go. Go back to England to be home with Rosie.”
“Y’alright, John?” Sherlock asks, observant even in his state of inebriation.
“Perfect. Greg, you’re staying as Orsino.”
Mycroft gave a bark of laughter. "As common as spam letters are nowadays, do you honestly think I'm going to believe that pathetic excuse of a lie?"
It’s unrealistic to expect any kind of domestic bliss to go on for very long uninterrupted. And yet, John still finds himself glaring as heavy footsteps run up the stairs to their flat, the thumps disrupting their quietude. The door opens to reveal pale-faced, heavily-breathing man (asthma? Very simply deduction, but Sherlock would probably still be proud), his handsome features distorted by distress.
Dear Sherlock
Mary cuts across him impatiently. “What proof do you have? That Moriarty is threatening us?”
He stood up on unsteady feet and held his wand out in front of him. The Occamy was starting to fly back to his best, but John hit it with a stinging jinx. It fell to the ground, but got back onto its feet. John watched as it attempted to take off again, only one wing was injured, so as soon as it took off into the air, it fell down after a couple of seconds. It growled in anger. It kept trying, and failing, and growling, then trying again, but each time the Occamy stayed firmly on the ground. John couldn't tell whether this was an improvement or not.
"So, in celebration, may I buy you a drink?"
John doesn’t really know how to respond to that, still half asleep and in a state of numb shock, so instead he just says, “want some tea?”
“So this is it. This could be the last week of lockdown.”
"You're a legilimens." Sherlock said matter-of-factly.
Sherlock sighed and mumbled, "I suppose not. But - "
"Shandy, please."
When the play finished, John breathed a sigh of relief as the cheers flooded the theatre and all the actors bowed on the stage. He escaped quickly into the foyer, walking past the audience members who were still wiping away tears and the critics, who stood in a circle murmuring praise for the subtle semantic fields and subtexts and ‘quality of the prose’. But there wasn’t time for John to celebrate.
First of all, congratulations on your new job. I'm sure you'll be excellent at all the coffee-making and the coffee-serving and dealing with stubborn customers with wailing babies. I personally can't imagine a more hellish place to work. It would be hard for me to stick to the 'customer is always right' rule when usually it is the customers who are so incredibly, annoyingly wrong: holding up queues with long, complex orders, complaining about petty manners they feel entitled to. Not to mention how the steam from the coffee makers would make my hair frizz. So I applaud your patience and strength in this truly challenging time.
Harry had told him that one when they were younger. He chuckled at the memory.
“...”
First came Alissia's voice, a rushed yell barely covering the nervousness of inexperience, spitting out a curse.
I don't have any robberies or scandalous affairs to talk about, unfortunately. Nothing really happens to me at the moment. I mean, I met my friends at the weekend one final time before exams start this Thursday but that's it. (Although, one guy I know who's really into his history stuff did start talking about this murder hotel thing he'd learnt about that was in America in the nineteenth century at some point with secret airtight rooms with torture equipment and things. You might find that interesting. I'll ask more about it for you.)
"Nearly getting shot in the head doesn't count as excitement," John muttered.
"Oh yes, I know. I've been dying to meet you since John told me about you."
They continued speed-walking up the stairs, for most of the way in silence, except for Greg telling John that Mycroft had left Hogwarts for home earlier that week for 'some interview at the ministry. His mum works there, so she got him a potential job offer. Nothing major, obviously.'
"And now, for the moment we have all been waiting for." Mcgonagall approached the goblet slowly with her arm in front of her. She touched the goblet lightly, then the flames went scarlet and a piece of paper, white and unburnt, spurted out. Mcgonagall caught the paper, and read out loud:
"Good luck to each of the champions. Let this round of the tournament begin." Mcgonagall blew the first whistle.
“Yup.”
Sherlock wondered, not for the first time, what would happen if these rules were broken, if the boundaries were surpassed, if they became... more.
"Well, then, it's the caffeine. Increased heart rate, blood flow, et cetera, et cetera."
Sherlock shrugs. "'Well off' is a more apt description."
“Let’s go out tonight.” Sherlock suggests as he looks up from his microscope in the kitchen, a harmless experiment free of toxic chemicals and body parts. He made sure to get rid of everything or hand them back over to Barts in the week before John moved back in.
“Really?”
John hesitates. "I don't know. I've always come here..."
John: Damn. What happens next?
John's fist clenches as he feels a sharp stab of worry. "What do you mean? We saw him just this morning."
"No, it's not. I'm an ex-soldier, remember?" Sherlock doesn't look embarrassed or guilty at John's PTSD being brought up, and if he is honest, it is sort of a relief. "And I have the night shift here. I have an excuse, you don't. But if eight hours is not possible, sleep six hours tonight, and another six tomorrow night. And take a break off work."
"And what is it you want?" Sherlock demands. In answer, she points a gun right at him, safety off, finger on the trigger, and John doesn't think, except to immediately grab Sherlock's arm and pull him behind him.
"It's nothing to be ashamed of, Rob."
“Who do you work for?!”
"....Consulting criminal." Sherlock settled on that term with a small smile. "People come to you with their problems. You organise the murders to help them. Brilliant."
John smiled tiredly as he leaned against the window. "Since when did you care about my well being?"
“Not at all. Your insight is always welcome, John.”
I'm sure everyone - ex-students, current students and competitors alike - wishes our representative in the tournament the best of luck. The first tournament will take place on the ninth of November./
The man lunges with his knife towards Sherlock with a snarl, and John reacts on instinct. He grabs his wrist, bending it behind him, causing him to cry out in pain, then pins him to the ground, tossing the knife to the side.
If there was one thing John learnt in the time he was waiting for October fifth to arrive, it was that nothing is as agonisingly painful as waiting an entire month to write your name on a piece of paper and put it in a cup in order for it to choose you to compete in a dangerous tournament in which you could die. He tried not thinking about it and focusing on the fact that his NEWTS- an important qualification- is next academic year, but his brain decided that that wasn't nearly as important as the tournament. So he tried crossing off days on a calendar, until  he got bored and realised the pointlessness of it all.
Moran and Karlssen exited out first, Professor Karlssen holding up Moran's hand in victory and yelling, Moran stoic and expressionless albeit smirking calmly and minutely, to which Mcgonagall tutted and sighed "why I even bother..."
Yours sincerely,
"Well, speak of the devil," Sherlock whispered to John. He then spoke to the girl. "Mary, I assume?"
"What?"
As long as the thought of their imminent separation was kept at bay, the world was at peace and Sherlock's mind knew nothing but bliss.
"No. Probably with Victor. Why?"
John nods, his lips pressed together in a thin line. “Alright.” Then more certainly,“alright.”
"Sherlock?"
"Don't get involved, Sherlock."
“Do you trust me?”
John had rarely seen the Great Hall empty.
(See the end of the chapter for
"No you're not. Besides, she won't ask questions."
"Who?" Sherlock, John and Greg said at once.
"But before I go, may I ask you your opinion on Sherlock Holmes?"
"I guess."
"I hardly think that's possible. But surely you've wanted to go back and undo most of those deaths?"
Just a quick note to say thanks for all your comments. Even if I don't reply I really appreciate them.
"John, this isn't the OWLs, this is a dangerous tournament in which people have been known to die." Sherlock's voice was raised angrily. Upon noticing that everyone else in the library was glaring at them, he lowered his voice to above a whisper. "You can't cram for this one. Can you take this seriously?" A pause. "Please."
"Yes. And a very pretty one at that. I do believe it's a black widow."
But what he's most certain of is that gunshot wounds goddamn hurt. The first time in Afghanistan really didn't prepare him for this.
Greg smiled sarcastically, "Aw, he cares about our safety!"
"Right, that thing. You two going together then?" John's voice sounded forced, uncomfortable.
Once in primary school he had liked a girl so one day he decided to pass her a note in class. He couldn't remember what it said, but the teacher had found it and read it out in front of the whole class. John had never felt more embarrassed.
"As Sebastian Moran is in first place with 51 points," Mcgonagall paused as the Durmstrang audience cheered, "he will have a thirty second advantage and enter the maze upon the first whistle. Janine Hawkins," the Beuxbatons whooped, "will enter next, as she has 50 points. Then John Watson, with 47 points, will follow on the last whistle.
"I hate you."
“Sherlock! Good to see you.” He shook his hand, which Sherlock returned. “Anything you want, on the house. Free, for you and for your date.”
. What's so difficult to understand?"
"Moran, give it back." He held his hand out expectantly. "It's not funny."
“Yeah,” he sighs. “It’s true what I said, though. I do want one. But I can’t really imagine myself at a desk job.”
When he checked his phone, Sherlock’s number was gone, along with any hope of finding him again.
If you think I was scared off by you admitting something so simple as you wanting to kiss me and liking kissing me, then you must be even more of an idiot than I had originally thought. No offence.
"Sherlock," Mycroft said quietly. "Come inside."
"Because you'd stand out even more backstage."
Honestly, your letter is better than any Shakespearean sonnet you could have given me. I've reread it probably a dozen times, trying to come up with something to say that would compete with all of that. You're a romantic, Sherlock Holmes, and I can hear you scoffing all the way over here, but don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
"Keeping things from me makes me bloody stressed!"
“Likewise, Mrs Watson.” Sherlock’s voice has instantly become curt, crisp, defensive, a nervousness that can easily be mistaken for a standoffish personality, and Mrs Watson's face falls slightly. This is the voice that would have spoken Sherlock’s first few letters to John. John cuts across him.
if you said you'd rather stay with me. Do you cook? My parents would trust you with the ovens, and I would get to eat something that isn't bland and uncooked for once. It would also mean not having to socialise with so many people, particularly so many drunk people. Also:
“Thank you. So, are you wearing it yet?”
"He doesn't get embarrassed." John said. "No shame. He's been known to insult everyone he meets and walk around in nothing but a sheet of he's in one of his moods."
"What the hell happened to me - "
He thought that seeing his sister again might be the one good thing he could get out of coming home for good - getting to see her shows on time and to support her and to beam proudly as she basked in the glow of success and happy marriage. (Because at least one of the Watson siblings had to have something good
(See the end of the chapter for
"No. But it's okay. She says she might have saved enough by October. I'm making the best of what I have."
“I’m sorry, I’ve been sleeping. You okay?”
"Hogwarts doesn't allow visitors that aren't family or important Ministers."
"You're not safe."
"You were, trust me. Now are you coming to the Room with me or not."
Thanks for all the kudos and comments!
“Do I?”
Drink. “Never have I ever been married.”
He brought him into St Bart’s, into lab room 2, to meet a potential flatmate. John wasn’t holding out too much hope - at best, he expected someone he’d never have to interact with, except for small talk at breakfast or about the occasional bill. At worst, a complete weirdo who collected Russian dolls or something like that.
"Oh?" John winded his arms around Sherlock's shoulders, stroking the nape of his neck. "Somewhere more private then?" To his delight, Sherlock smiled in agreement.
Perhaps he genuinely wanted John’s approval, or at least to test the waters for it.
"Oh. Thank you."
"It's not your fault. Victor's the twat here."
"John."
"Aw, poor, lonely, Robert," Liam teases.
Dear Sherlock
"Good." John stood on the tips of his toes and kissed Sherlock's forehead - as warm and heavy as the real thing. "Find him. Or her. Them. Whoever is doing this. He won't hesitate to do it again."
“How did you hear about this organisation?!”
I would have loved to have met Redbeard too. He would have loved me, definitely. I'm a sucker for sharing food and the sofa with cute dogs. And I know he was cute, because you'd probably never pick an ugly dog. Could you send a picture of him so I can confirm my theory? If you were in the picture too that would be a bonus. Especially if you're actually smiling in this one.
"..."
"Merlin," Lestrade breathed. He looked down at John, eyes soft and regretful.
“Why?”
“That you love me.”
John approaches Sherlock and the body and kneels down with a grunt as his injured leg protests. "What am I here for?"
"Avoiding the question, Holmes?" A female voice said from behind. They turned around. "I wonder why?"
“It’s Valentine’s day, by the way. I’ve pulled out all the stops - fancy restaurant, card, pair of earrings as a gift. Expensive ones, too. You would have criticised them but they’re actually quite nice. I think. But the reason I’m telling you this is that I think that things are actually getting serious between us. Long term.
John: Why? I’m not an actor
He’s drawn to the hospital in a way he can’t explain, something tugging at his chest like a string wrapped around it leading him there. Fate, maybe. Perhaps he was meant to draw that red gem all those millennia ago, destined to be surrounded by death. Besides, learning a little more about the diseases that are killing people off these days and how to identify it will make paperwork so much quicker.
"Literally everything about you." Sherlock has been distracted from the moment he arrived at the train station, practically speedwalking to the hall and refusing a coffee break or any time to catch up. When John got out the boxes of decorations and opened them, despite any initial protestations, he had hurriedly helped, focused only on the task in front of him, working with immaculate detail. As though the party would come sooner and be done with if he finished early. Or maybe as a distraction - John couldn't tell.
“Hey, you.”
"I owled you, Sherlock." A new sing-song voice joined the room, making Sherlock jump slightly. "I thought you might reply."
“They’re not technically theatre kids,” John points out. “They’re just friends of Harry and Irene. Or friends of friends.”
"No, no, I've been awake for ages now."
And power. She was certain that Moriarty had mentioned power. Or at least implied it.
"He'll be okay, though? I know that muggle stabbing victims have a 40% chance survival, with proper treatment, and that will be greater for wizards, right? More advanced potions, spells and stuff." He was babbling, he realised, but he couldn't stop. "And it was only his side so it probably didn't damage any vital organs. Depending on how big the knife was. I couldn't tell - "
“Dead, mortal souls. Tell me, Sherlock, do you know who the god of the sun is? The god of the river? The goddess of the hunt?”
"Really? Because there's this boy from my school who came here and I think he will be perfect for you."
I'll see you very soon.
Irene: What if it involved John Watson?
Edit: I now have a tumblr
"Neither would I."
Unfortunately, this was never very much time at all. Only on weekends could they go into the dorms for any resemblance of privacy. Even then, they couldn't go far afterwards without receiving some sort of comment from Greg or a quidditch teammate. The jokes quickly grew tired.
