“NO!” Dean yelled charging forward with the last of his energy. He slammed right into a concrete wall smacking his head against it sailing through the angel and the demon as they disappeared.
Castiel flew from one edge of the pocket dimension to the next, fluttering and bouncing off the invisible boundary like a firefly trapped in a mason jar. There was no grand design or strategy to his movement, just a primal instinct to flee. He needed to escape from this place, his memories, his thoughts, and the chaotic emotions which were overwhelming his reason and being.
“When we first met...him,” it’s still a struggle for Sam to think that Chuck and God are synonymous, “he was just a pulp fiction writer that wrote about Dean and me.”
Dean’s shoulders sagged a little as if some tension were easing him in as well. He licked his bottom and gave a half-smile, one that was more of entreaty than joy or mirth. “But, Cas, I’m going to need something too.”
Instead, he had been recalcitrant to make himself known to Dean. The angel had flown as high as the boundaries of their universe would allow, or he would remain hidden within some shadow of the garage. He’d simply watched the hunter and thought.
Once again, Dean tilted his head back. He looked up at the water-stained and peeling ceiling. “Well fuck you, Chuck. And you too, Amara.”
“Rowena!” Sam snapped his. His head was moving past hurt to throbbing. If he did have a concussion he was going to need to get out of here sooner than later.
Dean and Castiel cleaned the study in amiable silence. It wasn't the same as in the past. There had been a time when it was common for them to share a unique reticence. They could travel for miles in Baby, never saying a word but still having an entire conversation.
For a moment, it seemed as if silence would seek to divide them again, but then Dean nodded. "Yeah, it will take some work, but I think I got the tools and materials here to do it."
“You scratched my back. I scratch yours. Besides, I don’t have anything else to do,” Loki said as he moved toward the passenger car. “And, if we are being perfectly honest…tricks are for kids.”
The demon rolled its eyes. “Oh c’mon on Deano, admit it. You dreamt of this, you and Castiel getting groiny.”
Cas narrowed his eyes. Dean had far more power to hurt the angel then he knew. Again it sounded as if Dean were angling to find a way to wield it over Castiel. “Why?”
Dean did. He should have been the one to bite it, not Castiel. Now, that Amara had brought the angel back, maybe Dean could finally do one thing right by him.
“Yer letters, dear?” She said, pointing to two sheets of paper on the table. “You do remember, or did I put too much nightshade in that powder? Are you having memory problems? A bit of amnesia maybe?”
Yet, the demon had been the corrupted version of Dean. So, ironically the one person he would turn to for help is the one person he…. Castiel shook his head. What were his feelings toward the hunter? Why couldn’t he talk to Sam?
Castiel had hurt Dean again and healing him afterward didn’t make it better, in many ways it made it worse. The angel had walked among humanity long enough to know abuse had a pattern. The demon had won after all.
With his angelic might and his grace fully restored, he could not be resisted by mortal strength. However, the demon would have the fortitude to deny Castiel. It could fight and taunt the angel.
Sweat rolled down Dean’s back and neck. His breathing came in quick little bursts of desperate gasps. He tried to focus. “Wh..what deal?”
“Before the attack on Amara? The first one?” Sam was only guessing. In truth, he really couldn’t remember. He glanced at the sheet in his hand again. He couldn't help but think there’s something more to it. There’s a clue there.
“Crowl-” Sam stopped mid growl. Some hunter instinct was sending warning signals through his system. They weren’t alone.
“Crowley!” Sam had very little patience and access to all sorts of weapons in the bunker. The King of Hell had better have some answers.
He’d failed, but he’d saved the world. Dean stood in front of Amara reunited with a restored Chuck, alive and disarmed. He still wasn’t sure what had happened.
It was a blinding display, forcing Dean to turn away. When it was gone, he blinked. It was dark, not because the sun was gone, but because it had gone down. It was night, late night he guessed.
Sam shifted his gun to aim at the demon. It would do him even less good against the King of Hell, but it was the principle of the thing. “What are you doing here? What’s going on?”
A sudden and terrible fear tore through Castiel. What if none of this were real? What if he was still in the bunker, his body ravaged and abused while his mind had retreated to some fantasy that was more preferable to a reality where he existed to satiate the prurient desires of a demon that housed Dean’s corrupted soul and wore his face?
Rowena continued to sit quietly for a few minutes before she reached out and laid a gentle hand on Sam’s arm. “You’ve been trying to fix it ever since, haven’t you?”
The hunter arched against him, and they both froze. Dean’s denim-covered erection pressed against Castiel’s cotton-wool blend covered one.
The angel had watched in confusion as the hunter somehow found the strength to crawl to the far corner. He’d lain on his side, curling himself into a ball and covering his groin with his hands.
"Dean," Castiel said as he tightened his grasp on the hunter's shoulder. It wasn't enough to hurt him but to hold him.
Dean hated to ask, but a part of him had to know. It was the same piece of him that was terrified of the answer. The hunter had his suspicions and if he was right….
Suddenly Sam vividly remembered the angel on his knees in front of the demon, choking on its cock. The hunter’s stomach twisted and anguish clawed at him. “Castiel kept sacrificing himself for me. He kept…trying to distract the demon until I could come up with a way to escape or trap Dean.”
Sam didn't think it was possible. The angel's eyes glowed brighter, they shined almost too brilliant to look upon. The hunter's eyes widened as vast evanescent wings, larger than any he had seen before, appeared behind the angel.
"So you whammied me." Dean cut Cas off without thinking. The hunter's tone was sharpened with fear that came out sounding angry the way his words always did when he was more scared than he wanted to admit.
"Uhm, but, you know, it's been…." He twisted his head slightly to the right. "What's the opposite of fun?... That!"
What was going on? Was it too much for the universe to just stop and give him a break long enough to mourn his losses? The only answer Sam had to any of his questions was the note in his hand.
Team Free Wheeling was still standing. He looked for what was next. Briefly, the hunter caught sight of Asmodeus. Before he could raise the alarm, the Prince of Hell raised his hand and pointed his thumb and pinky toward the trio.
"Thank you." Dean's words were heavy with gratitude and understanding. Of course, this was only a reprieve, but in light of everything, he couldn't help but feeling Cas was more charitable than the hunter deserved.
There was a muted cry and the muffled sound of something scurrying. There was movement in the container. Whatever was in there was alive.
“Don’t what?” Castiel asked, ire in his voice as he closed the distance and stepped into Dean’s personal space. They stood, inches apart. “Do not force you to talk about repressed feelings? Ones the demon took maximum advantage of to do preeminent damage?”
The angel’s own memories answered his silent questions. Castiel had initially survived the demon’s assaults by drawing a distinction between it and Dean. Somewhere along the line, the perception blurred, but the truth never did.
“You need somewhere secure to hide,” Sam snorted then reached over them both to grab the two pieces of paper in questions.
"So that's the whole..trickster thing." Sam still hadn't forgotten about what Gabriel had done at the Mystery Spot or about the TV Land...whatever that had been. "What did Loki do while you were impersonating him?"
The demon had taken the secret dreams and desires Dean hid and used them to utterly violate Castiel.
He reappeared, only to find Dean swinging a tightly clenched crowbar and smashing it repeatedly across the Impala’s trunk.
Dean shook his head, aggravating his pounding headache, hoping the pain would blot the onslaught of memories. It was no use. He still remembered the first time he raped Cas.
His headaches and seizures were going to get worse.  The sweating would continue as his fever rose and his blood-pressure would get dangerously high.
For a moment, anger had flared in the angel as he remembered why he’d no longer play sacrifice for Dean Winchester. Memories of torture and degradation had refueled Castiel’s outrage. He’d stood resolute and determined to no longer be moved by Dean’s supplications and outcries.
"I know you, Dean," Castiel answered the unasked question. "I know you have fears. I have uncertainties as well, but I have faith. Not in my father, but in our bond."
“Such sweet talk, Moose. That and a bottle of a Chateau Margaux, and I’m all yours for the night.” Crowley smirked.
“Cas,” the name slipped from Sam a whispered prayer.  Then he raised his voice shouting into the darkness as if somehow by force of will he could yell loud enough that no matter where his brother was he could hear him. He shouted one word, one syllable that conveyed all of his love, hope, and desperation to reunite his family. “DEAN!”
“What does it mean?” she asked, the gentle lilt of her voice flowing over him like the tears still running down his cheeks.
The angel blinked as his brain suddenly processed the information. Castiel couldn’t remember a time Dean Winchester didn’t drink. Those first few months after the angel had retrieved him from hell, the hunter had rarely ever been without a drink. While over the years he’d learned to moderate, he’d never really ceased.
Dean stumbled backward, widening his eyes in awe. His gut twisted in a combined feeling of terror and reverence he hadn’t felt since the first time he’d laid eyes on Castiel. If Dean had previously thought the angel had been glorious, Castiel was now a brilliant and imposing symbol of the divine towering before him.
For a moment, Sam was a little unsure what to say or do next. Gabriel was going to help, and Sam had hope, real hope he could get his family back. He turned in his seat and started the car.
Dean staggered for a moment before his legs collapsed under him. With a startled cry, he sank to the ground, his gaze still remained fixed on Castiel.
"It doesn't? Well, it's obvious it's something you don't want to discuss," The angel asked skeptically. "Why don't you tell me about the argument, and I will tell you why I said 'yes.'"
The house was even fully stocked. There was a three months supply of MRE’s in the pantry, a freezer full of microwaveable meals and frozen pizzas, and a refrigerator full of cold meats, condiments, and other necessities.
The demon paused again and looked toward Gabriel before resuming, "I moved to Monte Carlo and shacked up with porn stars."
For one long reticent moment, they stared at each other.  It wasn’t so much a battle of wills as if adjusting to new realities. Dean swallowed and turned away, moving toward the refrigerator, his shoulders hunched in resignation.
“Dean,” Cas said the hunter’s name softly as if the angel’s voice alone could give the Winchester a buoy to cling to through whatever maelstrom was brewing in his mind.
“No!”  Dean grabbed the back of his neck in frustration. He wasn’t sure what he was saying or how to explain it. Hell, he didn’t want to be talking about any of this at all.
He knew and understood Gabriel's pain from experience. Sam didn't talk about the Cage. Discussing it required thinking about it, and that's something he didn't do unless he had to.
"Whoa! Too much information," Gabriel said, holding up his hands. "I'm not processing. Castiel's dead after letting Luci take him for a drive. Aunt Amara tried to off Dad, and somehow Dean stopped her and saved creation?"
The angel would not be deceived again. If need be, he would shake Dean’s body apart before succumbing to one of the hell creature's cruel amusements.
Had he been a fool for saving Dean again? He’d heard the Winchester’s soul cry out his name shortly after awakening. It had been just an abrupt plea. Castiel wasn’t even sure Dean was aware he’d done it.
“Gabriel... it’s me, Sam Winchester,” the hunter said, focusing back on the hapless prisoner. He reached for the angel.
“You see me holding him down?” The demon asked holding its hands out to the side palms up and flashing Dean a cocky grin. “Cas is ass in the air and spread open wide by choice. He
It was an echo, a riff, on what he’d said in the kitchen earlier. Dean’s response earlier had been anger. Now it was confusion edged with disappointment. He was tired. He didn’t want this anymore. Not without…
Sam nodded and slid the page over to her before picking up the remaining unread one. He took a deep breath before unfolding and reading it.
The hunter sighed. He nodded and pulled his gun from under his shirt at the small of his back. He chambered a round and rolled his shoulders before pointing the gun at the doors.
He paused a moment.  Then his mouth curled into a grin, the one he wore when he was inordinately pleased with himself, like when he snagged the last slice of pizza. He snapped his fingers. “And if I do it too much..you know abuse the right...then I lose it.”
Gabriel had been a cruel trickster forcing Sam to watch Dean die over and over again in an endless loop of creative and absurd deaths until Sam had got the runaway archangel’s point that Sam had to let Dean go. Was this Chuck’s version of the Mystery Spot? Was this God’s way of telling Sam that his brother was gone?
CASTIEL SLOWLY SANK to the floor while he watched and listened to Dean spiral deeper into the throes of his withdrawal which were not only shutting down his body but were also fracturing his mind. Fragments of desperate prayers blasted into the angel’s consciousness. They buffeted him like a butterfly in a hurricane.
The memory of his first rape surged forward and with it came the abortive prayer he’d almost made. He had been afraid Dean would remember what the demon had done, and it had shaken him.
Castiel was looking into Dean’s green eyes not the demon’s black ones and the angel’s fears began to recede assuaged by the cool verdant hue that was unique to the hunter.
"I call that art," Gabriel retorted, "and without me, Sambo, you and your brother never would have known how to throw Luci back into the Cage."
Dew soaked sod squelched under the Impala’s tires as Sam eased the car to a stop. They had arrived. Sam opened the driver’s door. As usual, it squeaked, the sound booming through the still early morning air rolling over the overgrowth and the charred ruins of Bobby’s house.
Calling forth his grace, Castiel gently pressed two fingers to the hunter’s forehead. He eased it forward into Dean, careful not to shock the hunter’s fragile soul, then carefully began to restore his body.
"A filter?" the angel asked, cocking his head slightly. "There was no mention of a 'filter' on the can."
"Fergus." Rowena cautioned her voice was absent the normal bite she used when addressing her hellish son as she made her way to Sam's side.
Curling his fingers into his palms hard enough to draw blood, Dean overrode his own physiology. The demon had drug Dean’s secret desires out of from the deepest closets he’d hid them. It had debased and corrupted them, using them to torture and hurt the one being Dean loved and wanted to keep innocent.
Now, here, he was faced with Castiel. He was sober and defenseless. Dean could feel the memories rising up inside of him like a tsunami, readying to crash over him and washing away what was left of his sanity.
“Don’t you fucking touch him!” Dean’s words had been fierce and angry, but they came out mumbled and hoarse. The hunter’s body was failing him.
Dean shook his head. “I’m not hungry.” The words were dragged out as if they were difficult to form, and Dean shook his head.
“And if I do?” Castiel replied, the sting of truth causing him to suddenly release his hold on Dean. “Do I not have sufficient cause, Dean?’
“You do not get to call ‘pickles’ on this discussion,” Castiel said, forestalling Dean’s use of his’ safeword.’
“I am broken, Dean, and you’re the one who shattered me.” Castiel’s free hand began to move again, this time skimming along the edge of Dean’s jeans. The angel’s fingers ghosting over the zipper. “So if I want to use you to cobble myself back together again, I think it only fair.”
“It’s me D..Dean. I’m here, Cas. I’m right h..here. It’s just me. Me and you. It’s just me, Cas.” The demon spoke again and Castiel readied to rend him asunder when something quiet and small but still profound stilled his wrath momentarily.
Dean shook his head. “You can’t just wish it away, Cas. You can’t just want it to be all forgiven and it will be.”
“You know what he did,” Dean snapped. “You’ve been in my head. You...I told you. You saw when you brought me out of Hell.”
It wanted to destroy Castiel’s devotion to Dean, break their bond. It had used everything between them, good and bad, toward that end. Castiel shook, helpless to remember as he lay healing on the ground.
Dean had grabbed hold of Castiel’s waist, the angel’s skin had been warm under his palms. However, the heat had been nothing compared to the hot as the flesh Dean had forced his way into, shoving and rutting until his prick had been buried deep inside…
Sam opened his eyes. Gabriel’s eyes still had a dying spark of blue grace, creating a strange contrast to their normal caramel color. The hunter nodded, moving away toward the driver’s door. He needed some space as he regained control of himself.
"It's okay. You have it retroactively...proactively if you need it." Dean scrutinized the angel. "You good? Is there anything-"
No matter how long he stared at the pages in the book in front of him, Dean just couldn’t get the words to make sense. It wasn’t because they were written in some esoteric language, they weren’t. The text in front of him had been written in English. He just couldn’t get his mind to process their meaning. He couldn’t focus.
Sam read the words over and over again until they were blurred by the tears in his eyes. Cas and Dean, they were together. Somehow, somewhere, his brother and their angel were alive.
He should have known. Castiel can be oblivious sometimes, and at others, he can be more discerning than anyone Dean's ever met.
Opening his eyes, Dean glanced back toward the kitchen. Castiel was so hurt and angry. The demon had violated more than just his body. Cas deserved some form of retribution, some justice, and Dean deserved some kind of punishment for what…
Rowena’s voice rose to a powerful crescendo, the symbols erupted into black fire, and the world twisted around Sam. The smell of sulfur filled the air and his gut twisted.
him and always the demon delivered what he promised. Dean felt something different than pain, it felt good, and he would cum.
"Uhm…" The hunter was drawing out his words again as if he were either unsure of what he was going to say or how to say it. "Do you mind if I ask you a question?"
Dean kept his eyes focused on the angel and downed the contents. It was cloyingly sweet and citrus tart at the same time. It had that strange tang concentrated juice always had. He forced a smile, hoping he had done the right thing.
The angel swept his gaze over the hunter. His pulse rate was high, the fine hairs on his arms were raised, and there was a small sheen of sweat on his upper lip. Dean was scared.
“I know,” the Winchester quickly interrupted holding his hands up in surrender. “I just...look, Cas, there are things...there are times when I’m going to need some space. You know? When I reach my limit or when I just need to know there’s an escape route?”
He reached for the faucet and twisted it. The old pipes protested for a moment, and then cold water shot out the tap like prisoners making a break for it. Dean stuck a cupped hand under the spray
It was heaven.” Alistair began to hum. The song was burned into Dean’s memory. It was the one the demon had sung as it had first br…
The angel tilted his head to the side for a moment, as if listening. He glanced around the room before suddenly charging forward. He grabbed Dean by the collar and lifted him. “Where are we?”
The angel widened his eyes in shock. Dean was letting Castiel make the determination? Did Dean mean it? Suddenly, Castiel found himself so close to Dean he could feel the heat emanating from the hunter’s body. Dean’s breath ghosted over the angel’s cheek as Castiel studied the Winchester.
Then Gabriel jaunted down the steps with his customary swagger. Rowena was rising to her feet as well as Crowley. Sam grimaced and managed to hop on one foot and leaned against the table.
Even here, Dean couldn’t die right. He tried and failed. He had crawled out of that panic room and Cas had healed him out of some misguided belief that things between them could be fixed.
"They were porn stars, Sam," Gabriel said, focusing his gaze on the hunter. He arched an eyebrow, and his eyes suddenly lit blue with the light of heavenly grace.
Sam sighed and began to slowly crawl around the floor looking for the entrance to. He wasn’t all too sure what had sparked this concern for his well-being in Rowena. Maybe it had been because they had worked together to stop all of creation from being undone. Perhaps it was the excitement of being included in one of Chuck’s grand plans.
Sam had long ago forgiven Dean. It wasn’t just because his brother hadn’t been responsible for the humiliation and the torture the demon had inflicted upon Sam, it was also because Dean would never forgive himself.
Castiel was standing just a few steps behind him, close enough Dean could feel the angel's breath on his cheek. When had Cas moved? Once again, Cas locked his gaze on Dean and was studying him as if he could just pry all of the hunter's secrets from his head by sure willpower.
Shaking, Castiel forced himself to his feet. He had not asked to be here nor wanted it. Yet, he here was and like the bunker there was no escape.
Dean had been emotionally wrecked, stripped bare, and vulnerable after telling Cas everything. He'd also been so damned grateful that the angel hadn't asked him anything more than if he'd wanted to watch the sunset with him.
He turned, facing away from the angel. Dean wiped a hand down his cheek. He took a stuttering breath and gave the smallest shake to his head as if it was a futile last chance at denial.
He stumbled his way through the kitchen, out the back, and down the few steps. He kept his mind focused on his goal as he walked around the house toward the garage.
“Killing Loki,” Gabriel answered as he leaned closed and gently touched Sam’s forehead. “Tank’s still pretty much on empty, so this might take a little longer than usual.”
"How talkative were you when Castiel yanked you from the Cage?" Crowley asked. "Oh..right soulless-"
Sam could swear he could hear the angel waggling his eyebrows. The hunter sighed. He really didn’t have a second step past regrouping, but he had to say something, or it was going to be a long ride back to Kansas.
“Let him go,” Dean growled at the demon standing behind Castiel who was naked and bent over the back of the Impala.
“Thanks, but no thanks,” Sam said casting a quick look at the witch. He had seen first hand what could happen to people under one of her spells.
“Castiel and I,” Sam began slowly, “administered the demon cure on Dean, but it wasn’t easy, and our first attempt went horribly wrong. For...for a time we...the demon had us both in the bunker.”
There was a long pause before he heard an answer. It was muttered and muted as if Rowena had begun moving away from the hole. “I should just turn ya into a squawking little beastie and leave ya down there. It would be a nice little home with plenty of grubs ta eat, shelter, and no way fer ya ta get into trouble.”
Dean stumbled back, once again taken by surprise. He flung his hands back behind him and steadying himself against the wooden screendoor. “Is that why you
Nonetheless, he'd been lulled into a fragile sense of security. It left him believing he could ask Castiel a question that had been haunting the hunter since the most recent apocalypse. It was one he didn't want to ask but had to know for sure.
“When you were dying...hallucinating, you said his name, “ Castiel said. “I could only hear fragments of your prayers, Dean. I could not discern what they meant, but I did hear one plea clearly. You cried out to me with your soul, almost as if you begging for forgiveness for being desperate to feel anything other than hurt and that you just wanted it to stop, even just for a little while.”
Lucifer was a master at painting pictures with words. He could weaponize a conversation, flaying his opponent open before they even knew they were under attack. He did it all by painting such vivid mental images it was as if you lived them. What was worse for Dean was that he had.
Sam’s mouth was dry and his heartbeat loud and erratically in his chest. He wasn’t sure what scared or excited him more. Was it that the words on the paper were the exact description of what had just occurred moments ago or was it because he recognized the type on the paper? He’d seen this once long ago when he’d gone to meet a reclusive author by the name of  Chuck Shurley, a.k.a the Prophet of the Lord, a.k.a God himself.
Onward they moved as a unit until they approached the main room. So far, the three had not encountered any resistance. They looked around. Everything appeared to be normal except for the alarms and the lighting.
"Forgive me, but I was a little distracted by you double-crossing us and stealing the First Blade," Sam seethed.
"Hello? Lucifer. I know you were kinda going through some things, Sambo, but in case you don't remember, there was an apocalypse brewing at the time."
Sam flushed, focusing back on the road fighting back a creeping sense of guilt even though he had nothing to feel sorry about. He was the one in mourning. Rowena was the one who had invited herself on this trip, meddling in his affairs.
Rowena tapped the side of her nose and the song cut out. “Learned that trick from watching Bewitched. Now, quit avoiding the question before I show you what I learned from watching Buffy.”
Castiel was fuming What was this, an attempt to wrest control back from the angel? “What are you doing, Dean?”
Frowning, Dean moved cautiously towards one of the shapes to get a better look. It was a car, an old car.
The Winchester shook his head. He couldn't say it. None of this was Crowley's business. As it was, the demon already had too much on them. Sam had no doubt the King of Hell would use it and anything else he learned against them at some future point when he needed their help to save his skin.
“So he sent Fergus with a warning for you?” Rowena suddenly looks around. “Where is the little bastard anyway?”
Tears streamed down his cheeks. The demon had used similar words to Cas feigning endearment. It had mocked and twisted the care and concern Dean had always felt for the angel and weaponized them to further hurt and degrade him.
He’d been sitting as long as the coffee mug, pouring through any tome that might give him insight as to how to contact Chuck and what the page Crowley found stuffed in his pocket might have meant.
Gabriel shot a terrified look toward Sam before his eyes closed and he fell into a deep sleep. Not wasting any time, the Winchester scooped the archangel up into a bridal carry. Pain radiated up his leg with the added weight, and Sam knew his limp would be worse. He shot a look at Crowley.
“Considering the sanctuary, you’ve been given and the scotch you’ve been drinking, I think you’ve been amply compensated for this endeavor.” Sam tucked the demon blade under his belt behind his back. He pulled his shirt down to cover it.
“Bobby! Bobby!” Dean yelled rushing forward and up the steps. He barely paused to open the door, bursting his way into the house. “BOBBY!”
If Castiel did discuss with Dean what he had suffered at the hands of the demon, then the hunter would assume the guilt just as he’d done when they first tried to speak about the Impala. He’d confessed his sin and wept, but that hadn’t given Castiel what he’d needed.
"Because you DIED!" Dean closed the distance between them to stand inches from the angel. The hunter leaned forward, closing the span even further. "You died, and there was nothing I could do. Whatever chance there was for you...I never hoped that we could be us again, but as long as you were in the world, Castiel, there was some reason to fight for it. I could picture you watching the bees, interrogating cats, and figuring out how to check your voicemail. I could believe, Castiel, that life was more than blood, hunts, and an accumulation of empty booze bottles. You would go on long past the point I was dust, and maybe at some point, you could begin to forget you ever even heard of Dean Winchester.  But you were dead, and all of that was gone. Everything...all of it was nothing."
Sam rubbed his eyes. They were watery and yet at the same time they felt as if there were tiny bits of grit just beneath his eyelids. Sighing he reached for the half-full coffee cup to his right. He grimaced as he took a sip. It was cold and old.
“I wonder, Dean if it were not for Sam, could you tell the difference between hoodoo powder and potpourri?” the angel asked as he moved toward the hunter.
Using the last of his reserves, and using the couch for leverage, Dean got to his feet. He knew how to give Chuck and Amara the finger; all he had to do was get to the basement.
Chuck smiled and stepped away from his sister toward Dean. He put a hand to Dean’s chest. “But first…”
John Winchester pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head. He sighed, then looked at Dean. “I thought I raised you better than this, Dean. Thought I
Now, Castiel was back to a full Seraph. He had his wings and the ability to throw Dean with just a thought. The angel’s strength alone could break Dean’s limbs like toothpicks, and Castiel was angry.
To the hunter's credit, he tried to retreat. He apologized and tried to withdraw the question, but Castiel had surged forward.
Sam nodded as he clenched the one she’d brought. He began reading it again, forcing back the emotional shock, trying to look at it as another clue or puzzle piece.
There was silence as Dean wrapped his arms around his chest as if he could somehow hold in all the misery flowing out of him.  “I was so tired, Cas, so broken...and I did it. I said it just for the small chance to not
Dean looked up, his hand half-buried under a stack of translated notes from the Egyptian Book of the Dead. He frowned. “You gonna share with the class?”
“Oh, you expect me ta what, just levitate ya out of there?” Rowena crossed her arms over her chest. “You know most spells take time and preparation. It’s not like I carry one for that around in my handbag.”
Dean sucked in a breath, fire blood across his sternum where Alistair touched him. The hunter focused on the pain, clinging to it like a shield.
There was power here greater than his grace. It was as primal as the feelings the demon had torn out of him. The fissures inside of Castiel’s lit with a new fire. He knew how to use this power. Dean had always been a good instructor.
“Wot? Can’t take the milk and leave the cow now, can we?” Crowley said, holding the small gate open.
He shook his head. He couldn’t face her. That would require speaking and he had no words other than his brother’s name.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean leaned over the desk, placing his palms flat on top of it for support, bracing for an answer he wasn’t sure he wanted to hear.
It was Castiel’s turn to take control, and he did. He kissed Dean with the passion of heaven, laving the inside of his mouth and gently nipping at his lips. The hunter was grasping and clinging to Castiel as if he’d be swept away into some vortex if he let go.
The angel leaned forward slightly. "My brother kept my mind muted...sedated, but there were a few memories that seeped through to my consciousness. I remember a...fight...between you and Lucifer in the bunker's kitchen."
"I am, Cas. It's me," he quickly reassured. Then, Dean's heart clenched as the angel closed his eyes just for a second. For a fraction of a moment, Castiel could trust that the hunter's eyes would remain green.
Reaching down, Sam rolled the corpse over. It was Loki and he had a stab wound through the chest. The hunter glanced around, there was still no sign of the angel.
Dean was only aware the battle had stopped when he began to shiver. His body was shuddering so hard his teeth rattled together like a set of maraca rattles from some Carribean street band.
The angel searched the Winchester for any deception and could not find any. Maybe he was deceiving himself, desperate to have hope again in the bond between he and Dean.
The younger Winchester had a soft heart, especially for a hunter. Sometimes he didn't see monsters and angels. He just saw sentient beings. Some were good, some bad, and others were a little harder to define. Sam had a way of forging connections that should work but did.
Dean fought the memories that were now like double exposures in his mind. There were images and sensations from what had really had happened in the bunker along with the hallucinations from the panic room.
“Okay, so no booze, but there’s gotta be some coffee.” He pushed away from the desk, grabbed two of the books, and headed for the kitchen. He had to keep busy. He had to keep researching.
Discernment could only be achieved by communication, and discourse could only happen if they confronted each other. Castiel sighed. It was time to stop thinking.
At that moment as he lain on Dean’s bed naked, abused, and weeping, he’d lost and been broken. He’d fought and sacrificed so much to protect Sam and Dean to keep the demon from doing something Dean could never come back from. Yet, the demon had won and he’d known it too.
"Great." Dean said. "I've got a novice angel trying to perform his first miracle and I get to be the guinea pig." He sighed, and immediately regretted his words as he felt Castiel's hurt pass through their link.
"Don't! Don't you dare tell me how I'm supposed to react to that, Cas!" Dean roared at him through the waves connecting their consciousness. "I just relived the most horrible thing that's ever happened to me in perfect detail, and you want me to try and what? Tough through it? Bite me. You angel douchebags can't know how it feels, to lose your mom like that." Dean tried to pull himself together, to maintain control of what little of himself he could grasp at in his incorporeal form, and found there was slightly more of it there than last time. Something more tangible to latch onto that was definable as him.
Hello, hello, friends! Happy Canadian Thanksgiving! I'm sorry this chapter took a little longer to post than usual, but I wanted to give people some time after "Last Holiday" to appreciate all the other wonderful content that came out surrounding that. I hope you all have a wonderful week and, as always, I'd love to hear your thoughts!
Dean chuckled and closed his eyes to the world for just a moment. "Well, what can I say, Benny?" He smiled despite himself. "It's pure, life and death. It's in my nature."
But Dean was in his thirties now, and the prospect of war looming on the horizon made him giddy with anticipation.
He emerged from the fires and fell immediately to his knees. His looked at his hands, charred and blistered from he heat and as the skin began to creep back together, becoming whole again, he spoke a silent payer that his grace was still strong enough here to heal himself with. He stood shakily,  weak from the exertion of traveling through the concentrated evil of the fire and once again allowed his wings to erupt from his back.
Dean looked away as Lee made a few more drinks for some of the other patrons. He couldn't bring himself to look him in the eyes. He was right; Dean
Dean felt the heat of embarrassment rise up in him as Castiel spoke. "Wait, so you're telling me you can see everything I see? In all of my memories?"
Well, I hope you enjoyed that! Poor John (not really), and yay Benny for being such a Good Friend. Things will start picking up in the next few chapters, I promise.
He loved this city. Every dirty stairwell, every seedy bar, every doorway that led to nowhere, Dean knew them all. He had grown up on these streets, and he wouldn't change it for the world.
Rowena sighed. "Oh, why not. The more, the merrier, I suppose." She gestured to a table next to the bar where an attractive young man stood guard, keeping the table open. She waved at Pamela for more drinks and slid into the booth's bench, touching the young man's arm gently as she did. When they were seated comfortably and had been presented with a fresh round of drinks - Pamela had ignored Dean's continued request for water and had brought him another glass of whiskey - Rowena continued. "What do you want to know?"
He was sweating through his shirt, cold and clammy but overheating at the same time, hearing the shifter saying those words again and again:
Dean waited. When it became apparent that the conversation was over, he rolled over onto his side and pulled the threadbare bedsheets over him. It seemed that he’d finally run out Cas’ patience.
"We both know that wasn't supposed to be a hunt, Dean," Cas said, his voice taut with strain but even. "You left your gun in the car."
For a moment he lay there, hands frantically searching the skin over his heart for wounds. When his fingers came away dry, he threw back the covers to let in a rush of blessedly cool air and waited for his breathing to return to normal.
He dreams of Cas, of course. Lately it’s been like he can’t even close his eyes without seeing the guy on the backs of his eyelids.
Ten minutes later, he was padding into the kitchen, rubbing his eyes, the fading dream still prickling at the edges of his consciousness. Yawning, he dropped his hands and froze – at the sight of Cas himself sitting at the table with Sam, apparently deep in conversation. A large pot of coffee sat between them.
Transfixed, he reached out to trace the outline of Cas’s jaw, then moved up to brush his fingers through the soft hair behind his ear. He pulled his fingers back as Cas stirred.
Dean was reading Cas’ essay on Prufrock while Cas squinted over Dean's calculus homework, trying to pinpoint where he'd gone wrong in a question about optimization, when he leaned back in his chair, pushing sweaty hair out of his eyes.
Once they were halfway to the room, Cas had apparently decided they’d gotten far enough and turned to kiss Dean roughly, pushing him up against the nearest wall. Dean kissed him back, hard and deep, and was unable to prevent a strangled groan from escaping his lips when he felt Cas’ thigh slide between his legs. He clawed at Cas’ coat, gripping a handful of the material and holding on for dear life, distantly hoping the motel was really as deserted as it had seemed when they’d checked in.
Everything. Everything he’d said while he was borderline delirious and more. And he still did, even.
When he walked out to the car, Cas was waiting in the passenger seat, his hands in his lap. He was watching the sunrise through the windshield, the glass turned orange in the light.
It was there that Cas found him a minute later, his hands more or less still on the wheel. He climbed into the passenger seat a little stiffly, unsure.
“I don’t know, man.” Dean waved a pedestrian walking a rat-like dog across the street. “Maybe some people put gloves in it?”
Dean stared at him, but before he could say anything, Cas continued hastily, “Anyways, I doubt I’m going to find anything useful in it.” He looked contemplative. “We still have to finish looking through the older Men of Letter’s records, but I think this Ingrid is the only lead we have. I’m just not sure her granddaughter will be able to tell us anything helpful.”
It went on to list the ingredients for the cure – a grocery list of unpleasant items – but Dean was already lost in thought. It wasn’t a love spell at all, of course.
They sat in silence for a bit, Dean intensely aware of Cas' every movement and change in breathing although he kept his eyes trained carefully on his hands. He thought that it should probably be tense, but it was like all of the tension of the last few hours had improbably drained away, leaving just the cool evening air between them.
When he opened his eyes, Cas was staring at him, his eyes dark and inscrutable. Wordless, he took a step closer to Dean, who had to resist the urge to take a step back. He felt the change in air pressure intensely, like his skin was more sensitive than normal.
Dean snorted. “Okay, sure, dude. You wanna tell me my horoscope now? Should I be careful making financial decisions? God, is Mercury in Gatorade?”
“Cas…” Dean started. “The things that I did…” His voice trailed off. He breathed in shakily, lips trembling. “What I became… You ask me to open that door and walk through it? You will not like what walks back out.” Cas knew he didn’t just mean the door they stood in front of.
Dean belatedly realized that he was covered in sweat, blankets twisted around his limbs like a straitjacket. He didn’t ask how Cas knew he was having a nightmare. But he nodded.
He felt arms around him. Cas’s arms, he was pretty sure. He could tell because they felt nice and rather familiar holding him up. Less nice, however, was the cold air that hit him in the face as the arms pulled him out of the car. He buried his face in Castiel’s coat, inhaled that comforting Cas smell. They were back at the bunker, Cas trying to unlock the door while supporting Dean. “Cas?” Dean asked. His head was swimming.
“Not visiting family?” Dean regretted saying it as soon as it was out of his mouth, but Cas simply considered the question.
Cas seemed to recognize the effect he was having on him and he even seemed to be enjoying it, a realization that sent a thrill through Dean. Nevertheless, he pulled away from Dean again, leaving him lightheaded and ducking his head in an attempt to mindlessly follow Cas’s lips, and just gazed at him.
Keeping his eyes on the vampire, Dean pushed him ahead first, then shoved his way through the bushes after him. He’d been right – they were, in fact, in a clearing.
Cas hummed behind him, low in his throat. “You’re not going to fail,” he said. “You know this material. You’ve studied it all semester.”
The next morning, Dean had decided how it was going to go. They could work together, sure. He didn’t care, wasn’t bothered by it. Cas had been under the angels’ control, and now he wasn’t, so it wasn’t like he was going to try to kill Dean again. And if he did, well, Dean could defend himself, because he wouldn’t be taken off guard this time.
The angel looked up. For a second he just stared at Dean, surprise and relief warring on his face. He took a tentative step towards Dean and then Dean had crossed the rest of the distance between them to wrap Cas in his arms, his chin on his shoulder. He was solid and reassuring, enough to make Dean’s whole body relax. Cas’ hands came up to rest on his back, warm through his clothes.
"No - fucking - what is this, the Spanish Inquisition? Leave me the fuck alone." The words come out more harshly than he'd intended, and there’s another short silence before Sam speaks again.
For a long minute he gripped the wheel with trembling hands, willing himself to calm down. He wanted to peel out of this stupid motel parking lot, wanted to drive until he hit the next state, or Canada, or maybe just the nearest bar. But the enormity of what he'd said was holding him in place as surely as if he was a titan with the world on his shoulders.
Dean searched Castiel’s face with an intensity that unnerved him. For a second, Cas was convinced Dean was seeing past his vessel and perceiving his true form – but this was impossible. Dean sighed. “Well, tell Uriel – or whoever – they do not want me doing this, trust me.”
, for God’s sake – and he remembered seeing the angel blade and the chill of the sudden doubt slicing open his conviction.
The air was blessedly cold on his face when he opened his eyes, dragging himself into a sitting position. He sucked in air in great lungfuls, trying to clear nonexistent smoke out of his airways.
“I love you too, Dean,” he told him with a small smile, and his expression was so impossibly tender that it made Dean’s already fragile heart stutter.
And then he had gone to find the old Men of Letters multi-purpose spellbook to look up the spell, wondering why he had said and done the things he did while he was under it. Had it been a love spell or something? It hadn’t felt the same as it did when those other witches had cast a love spell on him. So what kind of spell would make him say those things? And why did Dean feel so strange about it, like a weight had been lifted from him? Maybe he was just finally losing his marbles. God knew he’d been through enough.
Dean felt his jaw tighten. It hung awkwardly in the air between them for a tense moment before he reached out to take it. Cas’ fingers on the handle brushed his in the exchange, impossible for Dean to avoid, and the contact made him jerk, sloshing coffee up the sides of the pot. He turned ungraciously on his heel to grab a mug without thanking him.
It’s started to rain, the raindrops dashing themselves against his small window like they’re trying half-heartedly to get in.
A car honked nearby, making Dean jump. Cas didn’t react at all, frowning. “A pale purple. The color of mallow flowers.”
Cas made a doubtful noise and Dean reached over to yank the map out of his hands, taking only a cursory glance at it before tossing it into the backseat. “Not even the right state, buddy.”
Dean tried not to stare as Cas yawned and stretched his arms behind his head. The bottom of his t-shirt rode up his stomach, revealing a thin strip of bare skin. Cas tilted his head back to rest on the back of his chair and said to the ceiling, "Let's take a break."
“We don’t have to talk,“ Dean cut him off. “We just gotta find this possessed lady’s grandkid, ask her what happened to Grandma, and then we’re done. No
He clasped their hands together and soon they began to glow with a pale golden light. Dean closed his eyes, feeling the familiar intimate warmth of healing - of Cas - flooding through his body, repairing each damaged cell individually. When he opened his eyes, his ribs and his leg no longer hurt; in fact, there was a distinct lack of pain all over his body, a rare sensation for him.
“The one between the kitchen and the main room.” Dean groaned; his head was killing him, and now his stomach felt like it was trying to escape his body. “I want a bigger kitchen.”
"Cas," Dean panted, gasping, trying to tell him something but unable to remember what it was for long enough to actually vocalize it.
Cas' eyes blazed bright blue and for a second Dean thought he might hit him. He thought that he might welcome it if he did.
Castiel surprised himself by laughing, a strange chain reaction of muscle contractions that felt foreign to him. He thought Dean’s expression softened a little, and he sat back on the bench.
“Nothing.” Dean closed his eyes, feeling like he was reciting lines from a play. “We fought, and then Cas just snapped out of it.”
“Okay,” Cas said. He retreated to the table in the corner of the room, where he had clearly been sitting with what looked like a magazine.
“You look like shit,” Dean replied. He kept his eyes carefully trained on the coffee pot and not on Cas, who was watching Dean with his usual lack of self-consciousness. “You mind?” He gestured irritably to the pot, talking to Sam despite the fact that it was closer to Cas.
“…out there, wouldn’t it already be widespread?” Sam was saying. He looked pale, the circles under his eyes standing out in a bruised purple against his skin. He looked up at Dean’s approach, frowning.
Cas took his time answering, licking up a drop of melted ice cream off the popsicle stick before it could escape and land on the floor. Dean shivered involuntarily, watching it.
After he finishes lunch, he goes back to bed. He scrolls through various social medias for a while, distracting himself. Reads a couple of pages of his book. His eyelids start to feel heavy, his breathing slows, and soon he falls asleep.
They sat in silence for a bit, Dean alternating between checking out the bartender and nursing glasses of whiskey. He found himself thinking about his dad, about the way he’d down whiskey after a dangerous hunt just like Dean was now. He rarely thought about John for any extended length of time anymore; he knew better than to go down that dark mental path. But when he hit about the five drink mark, the repressed emotions bubbled to the surface, dulled by the alcohol to the point of being tolerable, and Dean welcomed them because, to tell the truth, he missed the bastard. He didn’t miss John’s drinking, of course, and he didn’t miss his anger; he didn’t miss the constant guilt-by-association that traveled with the man like a goddamn rain cloud, and he didn’t miss feeling like nothing he did was good enough. But he missed being told what to do. He missed someone else making the decisions for him. Someone else telling him:
“Yes,” the shapeshifter said with Cas’ mouth. “I saw the way you looked at your handsome friend here. It’s pathetically obvious, you know. I do wonder if he knows how you feel about him?” Their eyes – Cas’ eyes, the same blue Dean had been dreaming about for days now – slid to the side yet again, thinking. Accessing.
When they got to the car, Cas let go of Dean for a moment to open the door and Dean slid to his knees in the damp grass in front of him, grabbing at Castiel’s coat. “Cas,” he said urgently, trying to broadcast directly into Cas’s mind.
They stopped at a diner on the way to the motel they were staying at in Illinois. It was there that Cas tried to bring it up for the second time.
Unfortunately, the plan didn’t work out that way – the shifter was faster than him, catching his fist easily out of the air and using the momentum to pitch him forwards into the wall on the opposite side of the room. He hit with another bruising impact, his already injured side screaming. What the hell was taking Cas so long?
Without thinking, he reached out, closing the gap between them, and recklessly touched Cas’s face, smoothing out the crease between his brows with his thumb. Dean let his hand rest on Castiel’s cheek, feeling mildly out of control. “I want to tell you,” he repeated, his voice suddenly husky.
When they’d listened to the entirety of In Through the Out Door twice over, he slapped a hand at the stereo, turning the radio on instead. He wasn’t sure what he had been expecting, but he was disappointed regardless at the watered-down, sugary pop song currently playing on whatever station Sam had had it set to. He went to change the station, but was stopped by Cas’ hand unexpectedly on his.
Dean Winchester was – once again – messing with his head. He had thought he was mostly recovered from the effects Dean had on him, after a little while of no contact with him – this being due, he suspected, to the efforts of his superiors. But now he was back in the same room as Dean, and experiencing the now familiar sensation of being blinded by the furious ball of emotions that was Dean Winchester. It was like looking directly at the sun, Castiel thought. The intensity of Dean’s emotions was stronger than any Castiel had ever seen in a human.
He had met Cas’ brother, Gabriel, it was true. It had been when they'd gone to a house party just off campus. They hadn't planned to go together, but they had discovered they were both planning to go, so Dean offered to drive Cas, who accepted.
Dean’s eyes flew back up to his face, his heart thudding against his ribcage like a small bird. “Oh,” he managed to say.
Sam launched into a spiel without further prompting. “So, me and Cas have already looked through most of the Men of Letters books for demon cures. Most of them are just different types of demon traps, different types of exorcisms. Except for this one.” He pulled a slim, yellowing book out from under a pile of papers that Dean hadn’t noticed and flipped it open gingerly to a weathered page that had been marked by a bright pink Post-it Note. “It’s written in Latin, but Cas says it’s a book of experimental exorcisms.”
At the same time, her eyes were illuminated in the sunlight streaming in from the window and with a shock, Dean watched them gleam with an inhuman flare, there and then gone in a second.
Dean rubbed a hand over his face and sighed. “Yeah, fine.” It was partially true; the dream was already beginning to slip away like a wisp of smoke.
She studied them suspiciously for another second, then seemed to come to a decision, pulling back to shut the door in their faces.
"No," Dean gritted out, trying to ignore the sense that he was falling through empty air. He doubled down, casting around wildly for an argument. "This is about – about you not having my back on a hunt."
“’M gonna fail,” Dean muttered to the table. He went to hit his head on the table once more for good measure, and felt Cas’ fingers in his hair, gentle but insistent, preventing him. He carded both hands through Dean’s hair, close to his scalp, one on either side of his head, holding him firmly still.
“No booze at the motel. Or here.” Dean turned his back to the angel as he pulled the hospital gown off and yanked on his shirt. He was thankful the nurse had left his jeans on.
Cas had shaken him awake, his hands cool against his sweaty skin, saying his name, "Dean," and then louder, when he was struggling to wake up, "Dean!"
Okay, he thought. So the angels think I can somehow save an entire planet’s worth of people. Okay. Fine. That’s not my problem. He wiped the remnants of tears from his eyes with the back of his arm, stinging the cuts on his cheeks, and then ripped the IV out of his arm.
They were now very close and yet Cas didn’t move, his eyes searching Dean’s face. His pupils were dilated, his eyes dark. “Then tell me, Dean.”
Charlie disappears into her room and comes back a moment later with an armful of books. “Anyways, I’ve got another exam today to study for. I’ll see you later?”
s. “I know. What’s up with that?” He was rocked suddenly by a revelation. “Cas, you’re supposed to be in Heaven!”
Dean groaned. “I’m just pissed because he took the tablet and fucked off again, okay? Not to mention that then he went and lost it.”
The realization of what he'd just said hit Dean like a bolt of lightning, slamming him back into his body at a million miles per hour. He opened his mouth to say something, do damage control, but he knew as he did it that there was nothing that would unsay what he’d said, and instead he turned on his heel so fast he nearly fell and he stumbled to the door.
In the shower, he remembers that he was going to call Sam. He had his last final exam a few days ago, and he hasn’t talked to Sam in a while. He’d do it after getting coffee, he decided. He couldn’t manage it without caffeine.
Dean sucked in a breath, but Adelaide merely cocked her head, her eyes sliding to the side, unfocusing again in that peculiar way. Then she shrugged. “Cancer,” she said casually. “You know how it goes.” She didn’t seem bothered.
When they got to the motel in Pennsylvania, Dean went to the front desk to book the room while Cas waited with their bags. The walls were painted a faded light blue, with one wall declaring the motel name in curly script: the Blue Moon Motel.
He had the strangest sensation that going back to the motel room would dissipate whatever mysterious force was allowing him to tolerate being confronted with so many emotions all at once, however, and there was one other thing Dean still wanted to know before this bizarre day was over.
Sam was quiet for a second. “Oh,” he said finally. “That sucks. Did you get any information out of the shifter at least?”
It’s another man, older than Dean, with a short brown beard. Dean figures he’s a grad student, although in what field he couldn’t say.
His eyes were very blue over their clasped hands, lit with a smile Dean felt against his own skin. “Let’s go home.”
“God, my head,” Dean groaned, writhing around in the backseat. It felt like it was going to explode. He gripped it, vaguely aware of Cas dialing and speaking to someone that sounded like Rowena. Then he started the car, the vibration of the engine sending bolts of pain through Dean’s head. His mind drifted, thinking of working on the Impala, of watching movies and cooking dinner; thinking of Cas with light streaming from his eyes and mouth, of Cas pulling him close and then pushing him away.
Some intense emotion flitted across Dean’s face, another brief crack in the mask, and then it was gone. Castiel studied him. His palm itched from inside his vessel. He was conscious of the shape branded on Dean’s shoulder.
And Dean did, almost perfectly, the variables and symbols appearing easily in his mind. A flash of lightning lit up the room through the window.
He barely managed to yelp back, “Shapeshifter!” before a pair of hands was on him and he was flying across the room, colors whipping past his eyes in a blur until he slammed into the bookshelf there with an almighty crash.
"Well, his brother lives here, in the city, but other than that it's just some friends. And me, I guess."
Dean turned his head to press his cheek into the touch, closing his eyes briefly. "I love you, too," he whispered into Cas' hand.
Dean showered and got dressed, all the while uncomfortably aware of Cas – who was somehow still reading the same book – in the other room. Grabbing his keys with one boot half on, he paused, looking at him. “Coffee, Cas?”
“I’ve only been on Earth for a few years now, but it seems to me that love makes you stronger.” Cas paused. “Not weaker.”
“Navigation is so much easier by wing,” Cas grumbled. “All of these streets and highways you humans have built, they’re so needlessly complicated.”
As they prepared to head out to the address Sam had dug up for Adelaide’s house, Dean went over the plan in his head. Not that there was much of a plan. The situation didn’t really call for a plan, in his opinion. Despite Sam’s enthusiasm, Dean wasn’t convinced this lady was going to have anything more useful than a vague recollection of a possibly senile relative. He was pretty sure they would talk to her for fifteen minutes, determine that she didn’t know anything, and then leave empty-handed.
Dean just had time to share another look with Cas before the rattle of the chain came again and the door swung open all the way, revealing an older woman – in her seventies, Dean guessed, with short, graying blonde hair. She wore capri pants and long sleeved white sweater. A thin silver wedding band gleamed on her finger.
Dean lowered his face to the tabletop and began to gently bang his forehead on it, punctuating each impact with a word. “Fuck. My. Life.”
“With my little eye,” Cas repeated with the utmost sincerity, inclining his head. “Something mauve.”
She rose to her feet, gripping the underside of the heavy glass coffee table and sending it flying towards them in one smooth motion. Dean had a moment to be dumbly incredulous at the strength of the old woman, and then he and Cas were scrambling to get out of the way of the blunt edge of the table sailing towards them. It clipped Dean’s leg, making him hiss in pain, and shattered upon hitting the ground, sending glass everywhere.
Outside, evening had fallen, the sky turned a deep, starless indigo, and the rain had let up, the cool air welcome on his hot face. The damp pavement glowed dully with the flickering light of the neon motel sign.
For that matter, he’s not sure why it even feels like a lie, when it’s really technically close enough to the truth to be functionally true. He figures that it’s more the fact that he knows Cas doesn’t consider their relationship to be anything more than that “friends with benefits.”
The lobby was deserted save for the desk clerk, an older woman with short black hair and dangly earrings that swung when she moved her head. She smiled at him as he approached.
And yet he felt a pit of panic and dread forming in his stomach, as if his desire had grown so powerful it had spilled over into something else entirely, making him feel sick and anxious, filling him with the need to do – something, anything.
“You leave him alone,” Dean hissed, not sure what he was even defending. He found himself holding his breath for some reason as the shifter’s eyes slid back, focusing again on Dean.
Castiel gave him a soft, slightly sad smile. “I’m not going anywhere, Dean.” He reached out and took Dean’s grasping hand, his skin cool and dry against Dean’s. Dean hadn’t even realized he’d been looking for Cas’s hand, but he was certain now that he had been.
Dean relaxed incrementally. “It’s fine, dude. You said it yourself, it’s not worth the risk if they can use it to track you.” Cas lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s, and he felt the breath catch briefly in his throat. He added, “I mean, it’s not like the angels would just leave me alone if they caught us. They hate me just as much as they hate you.”
Sometimes, like now, Dean would look over at Cas, with his fingers wrapped around a coffee mug, peering into the dark liquid inside like he was trying to read his fortune, and he’d feel like he was teetering on the edge of some intense, all-encompassing emotion, something that made him feel like there was a heavy lead block in his stomach. Something that made him feel like he was kneeling on a cold stone floor, watching a silver blade high above him. He didn’t like it.
“Concerns? There are people getting torn to shreds down here!” He was getting tired of this dance; he was ready for some straight answers. “Where the hell is your boss, huh, if there really is a God?” He wasn’t sure where the question came from; only that he hadn’t intended to ask it.
“Well. No.” The look on his face said it all. It was the third flash card he’d gotten wrong in a row.
Sam didn’t look amused. “Dean,” he said in a tone that Dean recognized as the one he used when he was about to talk about feelings.
Dean wasn’t listening, his sandwich aspirations forgotten. It seemed like the world was dissolving into silver sparks again. Dean thought he could feel them settling down on his shoulders, his hair, and on Castiel’s eyelashes. He reached out to touch them but at some point along the way his arm got too heavy and he ended up simply placing his hand on Cas’s cheek. It felt nice. Soft, despite the drag of omnipresent stubble. Dean thought that he could probably pull Cas down to bring his face level with Dean’s, which for some reason was something he wanted very much to do, but now he was finding it difficult to move at all. Which was a necessary component of the whole operation, Dean observed placidly. Instead, he just stared into Cas’s lovely blue eyes from his current position on the floor.
“Oh.” Cas looked thoughtful, his eyes travelling absently from Dean’s pointing hand to his face, studying it. “I see.”
They made it barely an hour before hitting a traffic jam on I-70. There’d been some kind of accident somewhere along the highway, and two lanes of traffic were closed, resulting in a long line of vehicles all jammed end to end along the road like a queue of shiny, multicolored insects.
The thing was, he always forgave him. Every time. It was like he had no choice but to forgive him. He didn’t understand, frankly, how it happened that every time he thought it was the last time, that Cas was gone for good in one way or another, he found himself right back here. He didn’t
It wasn’t weird at first, of course. At first, Dean was overjoyed to have him back. So happy, in fact, that he didn’t have to think about the time between the confession and when Cas came back. Or the confession itself. And Cas didn’t mention it, either, and everything was back to normal, so it didn’t really matter. It was in the past – why bring it up?
He checks the time. 8:42. He wonders if Cas is packing right now, getting ready to leave in the morning. What he’s packing, what books he’s bringing, if he’s remembered to bring his phone charger – he’d always used Dean’s when he slept over, while Dean pretended his phone battery was full even when it wasn’t. He wonders what time his flight is at. Cas hadn’t even told him. He wonders if Cas is thinking about him as well.
“I said I’m fine, Cas.” It came out more harshly than Dean intended, and Cas took a step back, his eyes shuttering. Instinctively Dean wanted to reach out to him, hold him there, but he still felt the memory of the dream on him – abstract and intangible now but still bothering him like a bad taste in the back of his mouth.
Cas, God. The fact that Castiel had stayed up all night with him, taking care of his pathetic ass like he was a baby. He’d practically made Cas get in bed with him, for God’s sake. Oh, it was humiliating. He almost wished for some new apocalypse, just to put him out of his misery.
“I’m Benny,” the other man offers. He smiles, and for a second Dean sees Cas when he first met him, in that English class all those months ago, sitting in front of him taking beautifully detailed, handwritten notes on
Cas was looking at Dean, but at this he shifted his gaze to Sam. “Dean’s right, Sam. You should stay here.”
Dean considers this last, but he can’t stomach the idea of any kind of party at the moment. He shrugs. “I’m good. Catching up on some sleep.”
It was gentle and sweet, his mouth moving on Dean’s like he’d been doing it for a lifetime, with his other hand coming up to thread his fingers through Dean’s hair. Dean could do nothing but hold on, the sheer proximity alone enough to short-circuit his brain.
He remembered he'd had a nightmare, something he couldn't remember now and had barely remembered then, only that it involved fire and smoke. He often had the same nightmare, he was pretty sure, although it was always hard to remember the details. He suspected it was about the house fire his mother had died in.
Then Cas turned away, his fists clenched, and Dean breathed out a long breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding.
The next morning dawned early and damp. The sky was grey, dark clouds visible in the distance, and there was a crisp edge to the air that promised rain.
The clerk’s eyebrows rose a fraction of an inch. “Okay, sorry.” She clacked at the keyboard in front of her, eyes fixed on the screen. After a moment she turned back and informed him, “Unfortunately, we only have singles left.”
“I should’ve known you two were hunters from the start,” the shifter was saying as Dean struggled to get up, slipping on books.
The shifter made a noise of disgust. “What a fucking joke. You would hunt people like me even if I never hurt a fly.” Their face was twisted in outrage and they let go of Dean’s shirt, giving him a hard shove to the front.
Charlie and Garth are worried about him, he knows. He doesn’t usually stay in his room for an entire day, and they had both caught on that something had happened the previous day, although presumably they don’t know what.
. The word seemed to hang in the air between them. Dean shrugged, trying to avoid it. “Don’t worry about it.”
"This is getting ridiculous," he spat, glaring at Dean. "This whole trip, you've been acting like one second everything is fine and the next you hate me. I've already apologized, Dean. What do you want from me?"
He opens his eyes, squinting against the sunlight. It’s Charlie again. This time with the addition of Garth, Dean’s other roommate.
He went around to the passenger’s side, caught Cas’ wrist before he could walk away, and before he had time to think about it, he was saying, “Can I ask you something?”
“Oh. Okay.” Dean blinked. He picked up his bag and clapped a hand on Sam’s shoulder, trying gamely for jovial. “Alright, Sammy, don’t burn the place down. I’ll call you in Pennsylvania.”
The rain was falling hard now, droplets dashing themselves against the windshield with a chaos that matched the chaos in Dean’s head. They passed a billboard that proclaimed, in letters larger than life,
There were drunk college students somewhere outside. Shouts and laughter floated in through the open window, cutting through the quiet in the room like a sharpened knife.
Cas looked up and his eyes searched Dean’s for a moment before he went back to adding ingredients to the bowl. He struck a match, the flame dancing briefly above his fingers, then dropped it in. There was a plume of fire; when it had gone down, there was a viscous dark liquid coating the bottom of the bowl. Cas poured this carefully into a vial.
At the end of the class, Dean had turned to the kid sitting next to him, a teenager with greasy hair, and asked, “Do you wanna be in a study group?”
From behind him, Sam sighed. He and Cas started talking again, their voices a low murmur that scraped at Dean’s already raw nerves. He flung himself into a chair at the table after obtaining his coffee, turned to Sam, and said simply, “So?”
“I wanted to, uh, talk to you about … hunting. There was something the shifter said that – that I’ve been thinking about. Just, I don’t know, maybe we should think about how we hunt. What – who – we kill, you know? If they deserve it? Benny, for one. Not that we killed him. Well, I did. But he was okay with it.” Getting close to rambling, Dean managed to cut himself off with some degree of effort. “Anyways, not now – when we get back.”
“So…Bobby was right,” Dean started slowly, trying to get his thoughts back on track. “About the witnesses. This is a sign or something. Of the apocalypse.”
Dean relaxed as well. The car was getting colder though, with night falling rapidly now, and soon Dean was shivering despite his best attempts not to. Cas noticed. “We could both go inside,” he suggested. Dean agreed reluctantly, and they got out of the car.
"Anyways," he said. "My point is that... while I have a lot to make up for and a lot to try to fix, I’m not ashamed of doing it for you. I’m not ashamed of choosing you. I would do it again.”
Dean reached out to take Cas’s cool hand and pressed it to his own burning cheek. He sighed with contentment, despite everything. “I love you,” he murmured thickly. He felt Cas stiffen slightly before relaxing again, but he was already being carried off again into a shallow, restless sleep, his head on Castiel’s arm.
Dean groaned and opened his eyes to the sight of Cas’ pale, worried face over him in the dim light. The same face and yet so different than the one from his dream.
He felt Cas’s fingertips on the skin below his jaw, tracing their way to his collarbone and leaving trails of electricity in their wake, and then his mouth in the same spot, hot and wet and rough in a way that elicited a helpless, strangled groan from Dean’s throat. Castiel broke away at the sound, looking concerned and a bit self-conscious. “Sorry. Did I hurt you?"
Cas looked around, searching the contents of the Impala. His face lit up. “Is it this?” he asked, holding up his tie.
Cas sighed, looking strained. “I don’t know what’s going to happen to him if we don’t find this demon cure.”
Sure, the sex was good, but no one would stay with a guy like Dean purely for good sex. And certainly not someone like Castiel.
In the dream, everything is simpler. Dean isn’t himself, or at least, he’s a different version of himself, one who Cas would want to stay with. One who didn’t carry around all of the baggage Dean can’t rid himself of. In the dream, he doesn’t drink, he doesn’t have to distract himself, and he’s with Cas. He’s happy.
Everything hurt. Dean was in bed. He could still feel the ghost of the demon’s hands around his bruised throat, squeezing the life out of him. He had been certain, his vision turning grey at the edges, that when he died, he would wake up back in Hell, surrounded by the vicious heat and horror of the place just as if he’d never left. He’d tried to pry the demon’s fingers from his throat, but his arms felt immovably heavy at his sides. The last thing he saw before everything went dark was Castiel, blade gleaming through the darkness and fury in his eyes, the picture of holy wrath. He had thought dimly that it was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. Now he realized, lying there in the hospital bed, that it was all a facade. The angels had been lying to him all along.
Apparently Sam and Eileen had wanted to come home when Cas called them, but he’d talked them out of it, saying he was handling it. It had occurred to Dean that Castiel had been protecting him in his subtle way, letting Dean suffer his indignity with minimal spectators. He was grateful, although he was trying not to think about the whole episode in general.
Dean continued, “I think I always knew how I felt about you. I just pretended I didn’t. Didn’t acknowledge it, you know? But now – after everything, after last night – trust me, there’s no putting
Cas nodded. “That’s why we’re here. The rising of the witnesses is one of the 66 seals. They’re being broken by Lilith.”
When Dean left to get them both drinks, he'd come back to find Cas and a drunk Gabriel having an argument in the corner. His arrival had broken up the argument, whatever it had been about - he hadn't asked - and Cas had introduced them to each other, tersely polite.
Castiel leaned in to kiss him again – deliberate now, almost languid – and Dean met his lips eagerly.
Cas looked surprised. He lowered the mug and looked into it as if it would tell him. Slowly he said, “No, I only taste the molecules in it. I suppose I drink it because… I like the action. The repetition of it. And because you and Sam do it.” He tilted his head at Dean, studying him and asking a question at the same time.
They settled on the couch after clearing off some of the larger items covering it. Adelaide made no move to help them.
He repeated lamely, "I'm sorry," desperately hoping that Cas would understand. Somehow, Dean thought he did.
He hesitated. He knew Cas would probably just sit at the table and read anyways, and they were perpetually running low on cash these days, so wasting money on another room wouldn’t exactly be a
Dean felt the knot of fear in his stomach unfurl into hot molten anger. A battalion of angels and he, Dean, was somehow being made responsible for preventing the rise of the Devil himself?
The door of the house stood open with Cas still inside, presumably wondering what the hell was wrong with Dean.
Despite the dream – despite everything – Cas’ presence comforted Dean as it usually did, even just sitting in the corner hunched over a book, flipping pages at a disturbingly rapid rate.
But Cas was smiling, mindless of Dean’s stumbling. He flipped his hand over to catch Dean’s, lacing Dean’s cold fingers with his warm ones. “Of course I’ll have you.”
He knew they should talk about it, but the thought of it made his heart race, his hands sweat. He was afraid he would ruin everything. That the way things were when Cas came back – easy, happy – would be lost, or that, even worse, Cas might leave. Dean didn’t think he could take it if Cas left. He’d already been gone for so long, and who knew what Cas might get up to if he left? What he might end up doing, out there in the world as a brand new human? What if he started a life, started a family?
“Sure.” She hefts her armful of books higher and rolls her eyes, so slightly that Dean almost doesn’t catch it. “Just saying.” She leaves.
Cas jolted uncharacteristically, the expression sliding off his face as if it had never been there. He shifted his gaze back to the horizon through the window.
Cas cleared his throat unnecessarily. “It doesn’t actually say how to do the exorcism, it just moves on to the next experiment. We think there was another volume that detailed the experiment procedures, but it must have been lost.” Cas lifted his gaze from the book to meet Dean’s eyes in a startling rush of blue that made him feel suddenly off balance. He took a gulp of still too-hot coffee in an attempt to fix it, scalding his throat.
Early the next morning – so early it was really still night – the room was mostly dark, with only slivers of pale dawn light creeping past the curtains, and Dean woke up, his heart racing, dreaming of hellhounds and fire and having hot, sticky blood on his hands. As he struggled into consciousness, he slowly became aware that there were fingers combing through his hair, careful and repetitive, soothing his heart rate down to a more manageable gallop.
It was always the sounds that hurt the most, instead of the wounds. The sharp crack of snapping bone. The scream that reverberated through the tiny space. He felt his own throat vibrating with it. He heard his own voice, too; rough, desperate. “Cas, please,” he was saying.
“I was getting too close to the humans in my charge.” He paused. “You.” Dean looked startled, and Cas felt warm. “Even to your brother,” he continued. “They feel I’ve begun to express emotions – doorways to doubt. This can impair my judgement.”
Dean wanted to protest, but out of reflex he was already scanning the surroundings, looking for silver objects. The car ahead of him began to roll forward, but before he directed his concentration back to driving, his eye caught on a silver sedan one lane over. It moved forward as he watched, the sunlight glinting off the shiny paint.
He tried to glower at Castiel, squinting his eyes in pain. Cas glowered right back, except it was more intimidating on him.
“Why is it called a glove compartment, anyway?” Cas mused, holding the map right up to his face like he was nearsighted.
“I see,” said Cas. The smile was coming back slowly, in degrees. Dean was glad. “Well, I guess we’ll both have nothing to do for a few weeks.” Looking thoughtful, he finished off the last bit of ice cream, Dean watching.
“So, what’s the deal with the heaven stuff? The, uh, trouble in paradise?” Dean took a moment to chuckle at his own joke, then threw back another shot, grimacing a little.
Cas' eyes were oddly bright. Softly, he said, "It's okay." He closed the door again, settling into the seat, seeming more relaxed than he'd been a moment before.
“Dean,” Cas said against his lips, his voice hoarse, and Dean relished the sound of his name in Castiel’s mouth.
, that he didn’t notice the sudden change in the atmosphere of the kitchen, the transition from humming electricity, blinking lights, and glowing digital clock faces to perfect, silent darkness. It was only when Cas pulled away, breaking the kiss, that Dean blinked open his eyes, coming back to himself, and found only unexpected darkness.
Still watching him, Cas mused, “You know, as an angel, I didn’t think I was capable of feeling love, or emotions in general, but I do. I think I always did. It was something they tried to take from me, I think. But I feel it.”
Dean closed his eyes, swaying. Cas threw some money down on the table and reached out to grip Dean’s arm in a firm but gentle hold. “Come on, Dean.”
Dean thought Castiel looked a little lost for a moment as he said it. There was a long pause while Dean tried to grasp the absurdity of the situation. Here he was in front of the kitchen sink in a shitty motel, arguing about whether God exists with an angel. This must be some terrible cosmic joke.
That must be why Cas had blood on his coat, Dean realized. He’d killed him. For a moment he wondered at the toll it must have taken on the angel, killing his brother. Then he realized the implication of Castiel’s admission. Uriel was working against them. That must be what had happened to the devil’s trap; he had been trying to kill Dean. Maybe there had never been any order to torture Alastair in the first place. If the order had been false, maybe the demon’s information had been false as well.
He found himself getting lightheaded quickly, but he still didn’t break the kiss. In the end it was Castiel who broke it, putting his left hand on Dean’s shoulder and pushing until Dean was forced back a step, panting.
What a strange thing humans are, Castiel thought. “He is a proud and able instrument of God,” he said impassively.
, but if this was how Cas was gonna do it, then that was fine. It all meant the same thing in the end.
When Dean wakes up, for a moment he feels the ghost of arms around him, the warmth of a chest pressed against his back.
It didn’t matter. He wasn’t going to end up back there. Because Dean wasn’t going to let it happen. He and Cas may have been friends before all this, but he was starting to think they were better off as… something else. Colleagues, maybe.
Dean didn’t say anything, preoccupied with the warmth that the words had sent blossoming in his chest, but Cas seemed to take this as an indication that Dean didn’t have anything else to say, and he moved closer to Dean, his brow creasing with focus. “I understand if it’s too difficult for you. I know you have trouble letting others know how you feel. And I want you to know that I never wanted or…or needed you to tell me.”
Dean bit back a retort and kicked the wall of the building with the toe of his boot. “There’s nothing to
“Great.” Dean tried to offer an encouraging smile through the pain. Cas watched him with an almost imperceptibly arched eyebrow.
The shifter scraped at their face with their hands, gobs of gelatinous flesh squelching between their fingers and falling, quivering, to the floor, where Dean sprawled feet away, picture frame forgotten. He felt his gorge rise.
Behind them stood Cas – the real Cas, lowering Dean’s Colt with shaky hands. “I found the bullets,” he said uncertainly. “Are you okay?”
“Oh,” Cas said, sounding relieved. His hands were still again, but he was markedly not looking at Dean.
The words rang out in the room, seeming to bounce off of the empty walls, their faded blue paint. Dean heard them echo in his own ears long after the sound was gone.
Being with Cas had felt like there was a train in his mind, the slowest train in the world, moving only a short distance every day, but making its way down a set of tracks that ended abruptly at a treacherous cliff. He could see the drop off, knew he was headed towards it, but for some reason couldn't force himself to stop the train or jump off.
Cas smiled wryly. “Three days ago, you thought there was no such thing as me.” Dean couldn’t help but stare. “Why do you think we’re here, walking among you now for the first time in 2000 years?”
It had been a short meeting, although they got along for the time they spent together, and that had been it. And Dean had, for some reason, held on to it – the fact that he’d met Cas’ brother – as meaning more than it actually did.
Dean mumbles something noncommittal, and Sam only has to wait him out for thirty seconds before he caves and admits, "Not good, I guess."
“I just have told him you want to make up with him but you’re too stubborn to admit it.” Sam sounded alarmed. “It’s true,” he added.
They inched along on the highway for ten more minutes – with the occasional car honking and motorist cursing – while they played “I Spy”, separated from the outside world in the Impala like an oasis in a desert.
With that done, he surrendered himself, eyes closing, to the electric current flooding his body from Cas' current ministrations at his collarbone, only to register a noise of agreement followed by the pressure of Cas' mouth disappearing. He made an unhappy noise and blinked his eyes open to see Cas straightening up, shrugging his coat back over his shoulders from where Dean had haphazardly yanked it down, and then he was taking Dean by the hand to lead him away from the car. Dean trailed along behind him like a lost puppy, pliant and breathless.
“Well, you seem like you’re about to have somewhere to be, so I’ll leave you to it.” Benny gets up, taking his beer with him, and wanders to the other side of the room, where Dean watches him strike up a conversation with another man who’s apparently caught his eye.
The shifter touched a hand to their chest, where a circle of red was blooming on the beige coat. Their mouth opened, eyes focused on a point far in the distance, and they fell to the ground. Dead.
Dean hesitated. He wasn’t sure what to make of this new Cas, who didn’t mention orders or commands every thirty seconds, who offered to heal him for no reason. He shrugged despite feeling apprehensive as Cas approached him. “Okay.”
Keeping his eyes down, he rested his fingertips in the hollows between Cas’ knuckles, applying gentle pressure. “I’m sorry I’ve been such an asshole about it. I think…” Cas’ hand flexed, but he didn’t move or speak, both of them looking at their hands.
“Our numbers are not unlimited,” Castiel told him. “Six of my brothers died in the field this week. You think the armies of heaven should just follow you around? There’s a bigger picture here.” He leaned closer. Dean felt the power radiating off him like the sun, simultaneously mesmerizing and menacing. For the first time, he felt afraid of the angel. He cursed himself inwardly.
Cas stood in the center of it, unmoving. His hands dangled loosely at his sides, his profile slack. His trenchcoat was ragged, his face thrown into harsh relief by dirt and scruff – and the sunlight illuminating it. Dean wasn’t sure where it was coming from.
Cas smiled wryly, tinged with bitterness. “Maybe not quite as much as they hate me.” He sighed. “Regardless, I would be more useful to you if I could fly us there.”
Cas' eyes were dark – his pupils blown – and his lips were red and wet. He looked fucking gorgeous, a scene right out of one of Dean’s most well-buried fantasies. His hands trailed down Dean's arms to loosely hold his hands, and he looked Dean carefully in the face, studying him. Cas’ hands were solid and warm on Dean’s, somehow grounding him.
Dean went to go help Cas, dropping the hex bag, but before he could take a step he was doubled over with pain. He collapsed to the cold cement, a burning sensation spreading through his body in an extremely alarming way. He smelled sulfur and in his peripheral vision he saw the demon that the witch had been summoning slither out of the bowl and proceed to force itself down her throat, as Dean had predicted it would. Castiel pulled his angel blade out and lunged for the now-demon-previously-witch and Dean retained consciousness for just long enough to see Cas stab her through the heart.
And then he knew that Cas was going to kill him, and the only thing he could say – the only thing he
And then Cas was kissing him, his mouth warm on Dean’s, hands on either side of his face, and Dean wasn’t aware of anything else but that.
Not the movie itself, although All Saints’ Day was pretty gory in general, but the fact that he wanted Cas to watch it with him. The thing was, Dean hadn't known - still didn't know - what would be too far, too much. What would scare Cas away.
Dean struggled to get up with suddenly paralysed limbs, succeeding only in bringing himself to a kneeling position. There was a small part of his brain screaming, ordering him to defend himself, fight back,
But that was then, and this was now, a few months later, when Sam and Eileen had left for some romantic getaway in Miami (of all places), leaving Dean and Cas alone together in the bunker – going on cases alone together, eating meals alone together, watching the new season of American Horror Story alone together. And it was getting
Castiel looked thoughtful, his blue eyes serious. Watching him, Dean found his mirth had disappeared as fast as it had arrived. He was surprised at the intensity of Cas’s expression. “Dean,” Castiel began. “Maybe this isn’t my place, but…I think Sam is his own person. Perhaps you don’t need to be responsible for him.” The angel hesitated. “And maybe…maybe obedience isn’t all there is. I believed you had to torture the demon Alastair because I believed it was an order from God. But it wasn’t.”
He spied a potential weapon – a heavy-looking ceramic picture frame behind the shifter that must have fallen off of the bookshelf. How to get to it without the shifter noticing?
To Castiel’s surprise, Dean seemed irritated; he scowled. “So they knock you down the ladder and they put Uriel in charge?”
As he drove, his brain was going at light speed, images, questions, memories all swirling around in his head like a swarm of angry bees, unstoppable as if some great dam had broken. He felt as if he was dangling over an incomprehensibly high drop – a vast, dark abyss.
Dean continued to snort-laugh, wiping tears from his eyes. “Nothing, nothing,” he chortled, shaking his head.
He heard the whoosh of wings and opened his eyes to see Castiel in the chair next to him. The angel wasn’t looking at him.
He felt like something inside him was finally coming loose – some knot of self-hatred and repression that he hadn’t been fully aware was present, but which he was now relieved to feel come undone.
Feeling nauseous, he was relieved when the traffic picked up and they went back to sitting quietly, Dean focusing on driving.
Cas was doing something with his tongue in Dean's mouth that was making him feel like he might pass out, and he realized that he was getting lightheaded, so overwhelmed with sensation that he was hardly breathing.
There’d been a thunderstorm last semester. The whole day had been humid and claustrophobic, storm clouds rolling in from the west, until the first peal of thunder rang out and it finally began to rain, much harder than it’s raining now.
He groans, peering at the separated, oily bits of expired milk now floating on the top of his coffee, and pours it down the sink. Just great. He goes to pour another mug of coffee before realizing, obviously, they still don’t have any milk of the non-chunky variety. He gives up, leaving everything right where it is, and considers simply going back to bed, perhaps trying again tomorrow.
He hesitated. “I’m not a…hammer, as you say. I…I have doubts. I don’t know what is right and what is wrong anymore – whether you passed or failed here,” he confessed. He looked at Dean, and was shocked at the reappearance of the mystery hurt, burning through him at the weariness and pain he saw on Dean’s face. This time, he thought, it seemed to come from his chest.
When Cas took his hand away from Dean’s face, it came back bloody. Dean watched it glisten, dark and red in the sunlight.
The shifter’s smile faded rapidly, replaced by a look of venom. Their eyes were bright with hatred. “He doesn’t want you, you know,” they said, stepping closer with Cas’ body. “He’s not even
He dragged his fingers lightly back up Cas’ hand, marveling absently at how easy it was to touch Cas like this, like it was the most natural thing in the world.
Now, as Dean watches Hatchet Man chase a screaming teen down a hallway, he decides that, yes, that was it. It was that campy horror movie they’d watched together that had ruined everything.
Cas just shrugged, apparently unbothered. Despite himself, Dean felt a grin spread over his face, slow and warm.
The trunk of the Impala was open, the contents rifled through and messy. Dean slammed it shut and leaned against the back of the car, feeling again like he was going to puke, tasting acid at the back of his throat. He willed himself not to.
He’s planning on getting drunk, and when he gets to the bar, it’s mostly empty as usual, but there are a few people there for the same reason he is, although most are celebrating the end of the semester. The bartender is typically pretty strict about not serving alcohol to minors, so most of the students drank in the privacy of their own dorm rooms and house parties, with alcohol purchased by older friends.
He raised his eyes to Dean's then, an unspoken question in them. Breathless, Dean nodded, unable to form any thoughts beyond the electric awareness of how close Cas was – an awareness that was always there, but ramped up to a hundred now.
The sky above them was a muddy grey-blue, dotted with wisps of clouds like torn up cotton balls. Dean watched the cars on the other side of the divider streak past, drumming his fingers on the steering wheel.
“No,” he said. “I’m estranged from most of them.” He seemed as surprised as Dean was to be telling him this.
For a long time they didn’t talk at all. After sitting in silence for an indeterminable length of time, Dean put some music on. It didn’t help.
The shifter was advancing on him, their face a mask of anger and hatred, holding something now in one clenched hand at their side. “Really?” they spat. “You’d punch an old lady? Do you have no morals?”
By the time they managed to reach the room, some of the urgency had been dampened, some of the hunger sated, and when Cas closed the door, the kissing was slower, more indulgent.
Cas hesitated. The truth was that he wasn’t bothered by the other angel being his superior. It was knowing that his doubts – his failings – were so apparent as to make the other angels suspicious of him that made him ashamed. The box he’d locked that part of himself away in had not been strong enough, had been far less secure than he’d imagined. He felt, in fact, a touch of relief at having less power; he knew he could not be trusted with power while the disloyalty festered inside him. He couldn’t admit any of this to the human standing before him. After a long moment he said simply, “It is what it is.”
He would do whatever he needed to do, hypothetically speaking, because he was perfectly capable of killing a guy who was hell-bent on killing
Dean felt Cas' gaze on him, hot and blue as ever, and he kept his eyes down like a coward, unable to meet it. He thought that he might just crumble into a million pieces if he did, eroded like a riverbank by that knowing, relentless look.
Cas closed the book and stowed it in a bag next to the table, replacing it with the coffee. He looked oddly pleased as he peered into the steam of the coffee. Dean wondered why, but frankly he didn’t mind the change; he didn’t think he could stand another tense, uncomfortable car ride. He felt himself relaxing in spite of himself.
Finally getting his laptop safely onto the bed, he flips it open and settles down to watch All Saints' Day 3: The Reckoning. Not his favorite, but still good. He would have watched his favorite in the film series, All Saints' Day 4: Hatchet Man Lives, but he had watched it recently. Well, if a month ago is recent. It had been with Cas.
Dean was grateful for the excuse to end the torture of talking about old books and research, but there was something else that was on his mind. “Uh, Sam,” he said, wincing slightly.
They inched forward another two feet. Dean turned to face Cas. “You’re supposed to pick a color that’ll make it hard for me.”
“When Naomi was trying to control me, she told me I had to choose. And I knew what my choice was. Not just between you and them, but… between you and everything, Dean. Everything I’ve ever done has been for you.” He ran a hand through his hair, the movement catching Dean’s eye. “I know I haven’t always done it right.”
Still, when he finally managed to fall asleep, his dreams were a blur of images and feelings, confusing and disorienting; sunlight glinting on silver metal, dirty feathers, and Cas’ mouth.
So that was how Dean had ended up letting Cas into his dorm room, waiting for the other foot to come down just as he had been waiting for this whole time, during this whole damn thing. It was like he could see its shadow above him, zeroing in on his head as it came down. And then it did.
But as they settled back down to sleep, Cas’ arm tucked securely over his chest, he couldn't bring himself to care.
Cas had a strange look on his face. “So,” he said. “We can’t do…” and he gestured to himself and then to Dean with one hand, neatly encapsulating everything that had happened between them in one smooth motion, “…
Cas’ brow was furrowed in concentration. “There’s a person with blue hair in that car? The billboard with blue writing on it?”
“Jerk,” Sam replied automatically. He sighed. “Dean…” He seemed to struggle with the next few words. “Are you sure you’re okay? What really happened in the crypt?”
Cas brought their hands up to press a kiss to the back of Dean’s hand, sending a prickle of warmth radiating through Dean from the point where his lips touched.
“You’re beautiful, you know,” Dean told him conversationally. He thought he could watch Cas for hours. He would, if his head wasn’t killing him.
At first the kiss was almost chaste, closed-mouth and gentle. Cas’ palm was warm on Dean’s cheek, and his other hand moved to cup the back of his neck, pulling him close. Dean breathed him in, the scent of hotel soap and that distinct, indescribable
Dean was already drifting back into what passed for sleep now – it was more like a frothy, red-tinged wave that carried him into a semi-consciousness state. Barely aware he was saying it, he responded, “You can’t love me.”
The drive back to the motel was impossibly tense. It passed by in a blur, his body on autopilot the whole way, but simultaneously the miles seemed somehow much longer than on the drive there, each stretch of highway never-ending.
"You're okay?" he checked, his voice rough and low in a way that made Dean temporarily lose all sense of self.
The shapeshifter raised their – Castiel’s – arm over their head, and for the first time Dean noticed the long, wickedly sharp piece of glass in their hand – a shard from the broken coffee table.
. But he swallowed all of the words before they could make it to his vocal cords, let alone his lips.
“Never do,” Dean said blithely, crumpling up the wrappers and aiming a throw at the garbage can. He missed and reluctantly hauled himself up to go pick it up.
Adelaide’s eyes drifted to the side, looking deep in thought. “My grandmother died when I was a child,” she said finally, as if coming to a conclusion.
“It’s not. And I like the color.” Cas was twisted in his seat, watching Dean as attentively as if he was the best show on TV.
Dean dismissed this with a wave, and a shot of whiskey. He gestured exaggeratedly to the identical shot in front of Cas. Cas sighed deeply and downed it as easily as if it were water.
And now Dean’s hands were all over Cas – he couldn’t stop himself. In his hair, at his hips, pulling him closer, closer even as Dean moved forward himself. There was a muffled thump as Castiel’s back hit the wall Dean had unintentionally pushed him against, and Dean felt Cas smile under his mouth, driving him half out his mind with desire. He moved to kiss Cas’s neck, one hand on his jaw and the other still pressing him against the wall. He tasted the salt of Castiel’s skin on his tongue, heady and arousing, before Cas gave a low growl and tugged Dean’s mouth back up to his own with his hands in Dean’s hair.
Cas started towards him, seemingly ignored by the shifter, but Dean caught his eye and mouthed the words, “Silver. Car. Go,” with as much emphasis on the last word as possible. There were guns and silver bullets in the trunk, and he could only hope Cas could both identify them and use them, and preferably do so before Dean got himself killed.
“We’re going to Kevin’s party. You want to come with?” Charlie sounds a little too cheerful. Garth nods along. “Games, snacks, alcohol,” he lists off.
Relief coursed through his blood and calmed his anxiety as Castiel rushed to the door. He could not wait to hold Dean in his arms. He couldn't wait to share a passionate kiss. He could not wait to make love to the husband he adored.
It was fortunate that Dean yawned and grew too tired to continue with their tryst. His fever spiked again, and Benny needed to search for more catnip in the morning. So the hunter snuggled against the Vampire and fell into a fitful sleep.
The ire in his brother's eyes concerned Sam; he worried they might come to blows over this. How could this conversation have spiraled like a tornado so fast? Still, Sam kept his level head.
Dean paced around the table, touching the sheet every so often. There was so much that he wanted to say, but he could not form any words. How could he even begin to articulate how much Cass meant to him, how much he would miss him? Every time he blinked, he saw Castiel's form exploding out of his vessel. Every time he breathed, he felt a sharp pain in his heart.
At some point, Gabriel grabbed a hold of Dean's shoulder and asked him to come to the bar. The boys were watching the Dallas game and wanted him to join. Stealing one last glance at Anna, Dean followed his new brother-in-law to check the football scores.
It wasn't right for him to pretend to be in some perfect fairy tale marriage. Dean and Jo could be so happy together, fishing and hunting and going out to bars. He never did things Dean enjoyed. Why should Dean wake up in his bed every morning?
In his heart, though, Sam knew he could never be like Dean. Their minds worked in such different ways. Sam was analytical and prepared. Dean was emotional and impulsive. Sam was fine being ordinary. Dean had dreams of being remembered. Sam was very interested in holistic health. Dean balked at nutrition and psychology.
Dean's shaking hand at long last gave out. The gun crashed onto the floor with a loud whump. Dean's head fell on Castiel's chest in sadness and shame. Anguished sobs tore through his entire body like a torrential storm. With the final remnants of his strength, Castiel threw his sore arms around Dean and hugged him with all of his might. Jack ran over to them, and they pulled him into their embrace.
Dean lifted the sheet just a little. People always said the dead looked like they were sleeping and would wake up at any time. But Castiel didn't sleep. He would never wake up again. Never again would he gaze at Dean with those innocent little eyes that were as blue as the sky on Christmas morning, as blue as the ocean on a clear summer night.
In all her life, she'd never had a problem with claustrophobia. But the tiny viewing room seemed to be shrinking as more people entered. Castiel's brothers and sisters glared at her and Sam as they took their seats. They could not forgive Sam for defending his brother.
But Castiel would not be deterred. With almost supernatural strength, Castiel scooped the wounded man into his arms and carried him to his car. It was a gold Cadillac, which his friends had nicknamed "the pimpmobile". It was an eyesore if the auto industry had ever built one, but Castiel liked it.
A collective gasp echoed across the room. Castiel's brothers and sisters exchanged quiet hugs and grateful tears. Journalists snapped photos and entered notes into their journals and tablets.
The Priest made the sign of the Cross over Dean's forehead. ✝ Despite not being a Catholic, Dean had confessed his sins to the Priest. Of course he carried terrible remorse for what he'd done, and it did feel good to get it off of his chest.
Sam sat down on the couch. For a moment, he just studied the note. Should he read it? Was it a violation of his brother's privacy? Did it matter?
"I disrespected my husband. I shamed my family. But worst of all, I betrayed Castiel. And if anyone in the world did not deserve to be hurt like this, it was Castiel. I'm so sorry for what I've done. I have felt terrible about it for years. But Dean has never shown any regret for his actions. He's a dirty dog, and, for what he did to my brother, he should be put down just like a dog."
Castiel peered out the window. Then, at long last, bright white headlights shone into the driveway. The Impala's engine hissed as it shut off. 'Thanks be to God'.
But, of course, Dean was giving him a hard time about it. It wouldn't be Dean if he wasn't making things difficult. Castiel loved that about him. Castiel loved everything about Dean.
Frowning, Castiel placed the DVD back in its spot on the store shelf. Sam had insisted they go to a real store to shop for fruits and vegetables. Despite Dean's whines that he was not a bunny and wouldn't eat like one, he still found himself meandering around the entertainment section while Sam raided produce. Cass had asked if they could have a movie night, and Dean had agreed.
"I know you didn't, but I'm grateful all the same," Castiel responds. He pauses. "I owe you everything."
Most of all, Benny is annoyed at this lame excuse for an angel that they are dragging around Purgatory, pretty much against his own will. Castiel doesn't make a lick of sense when he speaks, which gets on Benny's nerves. And he's a danger magnet. Dean's in love with Castiel, so that's also fun for Benny.
Castiel tried to calm his heart, which was racing in his chest. Dean had looked at him that way before, and nothing had come of it.. There was a chance that history would repeat itself. More than a chance. If Dean did love Castiel, he would not act on it.
Over 2000 hits on this story. I could not ask for a better Christmas gift. Thank you all so much from the bottom of my heart!!
No. He was not a monster. He would never be a vampirate ever again; he'd promised himself that long ago. Benny would not hurt Dean. He willed his fangs back up into his gums. He focused on not taking in deep breaths so that he would not inhale Dean's scent. He would not harm the creature he'd been trying to save for all this time.
On one of the music channels, Castiel had stumbled upon Rent. It drew him in right away. The cast was dancing on a filthy old subway train and singing about opening up a restaurant in New Mexico. The music was catchy and upbeat. The characters were so interesting. One of the boys was wearing a skirt and flowery leggings.
Was cheap sex worth risking his relationship with Castiel? Sam could not fathom it. Before Sam married Ruby, Dean used to run Sam about not getting enough action. But Sam valued sex. He couldn't mess around with someone he didn't care about. The sex had to mean something.
Castiel sighed and dragged his hand down his face. The exhaustion of mending even this small part of Dean's soul was beginning to affect him more greatly than he had anticipated, and the strain on his grace was causing him to feel very weak, yet he pushed on, knowing he owed the man as much explanation as possible.
Castiel surged forwards, his wings carrying him towards the fires of Hell, towards the agony of souls. He let out a bellowing cry of power as his host of angels entered the cavern of the pit and was struck by the heat and pain and depth of it all.
Sam smacked him around the head, and Dean laughed. "Alright, have fun at Lee's. Call Benny if there's any trouble."
"Dad..." He choked out, taking John's hand in his own and gently squeezing it, as though he expected his father to wake from his touch alone. He turned to his mother. "What happened?" He demanded harshly.
Dean couldn't even be bothered to respond to the man he had walked into. He really had been deep in his thoughts. Looking up, he realized his feet had once again carried him unconsciously to his destination, and he praised his knowledge of the city for allowing him to lose himself without getting lost.
"I'll be sure to call you, quick as a whip." She said sarcastically. He nodded and headed towards the door. Pamela's earlier proposition rang in his ears, and, as much as he wished he could stay and accept, his gut was telling him to return home and relay the information from Rowena to his brother.
Mary sat down in the chair next to Dean and laid her hand on his cheek warmly. Dean relaxed into the touch. "My sweet boy," she cooed. "My sweet, brilliant boy. You're so good. So smart." Dean all but glowed under her praise as she gently stroked the side of his face, caressing her fingers through the short hair at his temple.
"Heart attack." Said a smooth voice from the other side of the bed. Dean snapped his head around and spotted a woman examining one of the machines that snaked tendrils of fluid into his father's lifeless form. "Your father's in a coma as a result of cardiac arrest induced hypoxia." She scribbled something on her clipboard. Her sterile white coat stood in stark contrast to the umber glow of her complexion, the seriousness of her face softened by the low light of the room.
"No, it's fine. Thanks though. Just maybe don't go home yet? No sense keeping the wife awake if I need to call you again in a few hours." Dean said and forced a smile.
"Daddy?" Dean whispered. The figure turned around to face him and he was pierced by the gaze of two yellow eyes.
On the outside, there isn't anything too impressive about him. He is filthy and small. His face is so covered with muck that it is difficult to identify his skin color. Black grime stains what was once a tan trench coat. Beneath the jacket, he seems to be wearing hospital pajamas and an ID bracelet… like he was sick on earth. Who has ever even heard of an angel getting sick?
Benny's feelings for Dean had sneaked up on him out of nowhere. In both of his lives, Benny had only ever been with women. He'd been married and had children before his maker turned him.
Forever eager to please Dean, Cass skimmed the rack for another film. He selected a DVD. It was an old black and white movie about American GIs in World War II. Dean smiled. As always, Cass knew just what Dean would like.
Benny kissed Dean's mouth again, and Dean returned the gesture. It was more difficult now Benny was more aware of the danger he was putting his friend in. But he had to be careful. Besides the bloodlust, Benny had to remind himself that he was much stronger than Dean and could not squeeze him too hard.
Pulling his arm through the sleeve of his jacket, Dean chortled, "I told you from the beginning this was just a casual thing. If you weren't cool with that, you should have said so then."
Dean's heart raced, and his stomach twisted. He could feel the adrenaline and the fear heating up his blood. It seemed he was the only person in the world more afraid of the injection itself than the lethal poisons contained in it. But he put up no fight today. It wouldn't have made a difference, as he was strapped to the bed. Regardless, he had decided a while back that he would focus on all of the pain and the fright. It was nothing compared to the terror Castiel had experienced before his death, but it would be Dean's final form of penance.
Crossing her arms and stiffening her upper lip, Jo demanded, "You're going to have to choose, Dean. It's him or me. You can't have us both."
Dean had decided to chicken out. As he'd turned towards his own bedroom, a memory assaulted him: Dean yelping as the needle pierced his chest, and Billie tormenting him by sending him back to life with that damned broken heart of his. Never in his life had he felt so low as to break his promise to Sam and tell the Angel of Death that it was okay if she took him. All that, because he'd lost Cass.
Ever since the angels rescued Dean from Hell, he had suffered from terrible nightmares. Many nights, Sam had heard his brother battle with his subconscious memories. But this was very different.
All of a sudden, Dean's legs gave out. Sam swooped and caught his brother before he hit the floor. Wrapping his brother's arm around his shoulder, Sam guided Dean into the upstairs guest room, next door to the nursery where Lucifer's child was hiding. In the recesses of his mind, Dean understood that Sam would need his assistance in dealing with the nephilim. But he could not force himself to focus on the problem and Sam did not bug him about it. Only Sam could possibly grasp the gravity of what Dean was dealing with.
Sam cleared his throat. "He'll come around." Castiel glanced up at Sam with hopeful eyes. "I think it's going to take a while for him to admit it to himself, but he'll come around."
After their hunt in Dodge City, and their successful take down of the Dave Matter ghoul, Dean promised himself (and yes, a very nosy Sam) that he would go through with it. He had to. During the hunt, when they went to talk to the Sheriff, Castiel tried so hard to be a believable cowboy. He was wearing that silly hat, and he introduced himself as 'Agent Val Kilmer.' He was so adorable.
This goes on for days and days as they hike towards the portal. In the course of one such episode, (in this particular drama, Benny has lost his composure in the face of Dean's refusal to accept the obvious), the angel begins to fidget. His ears perk up and his extra senses go into hyperdrive. His behavior makes Dean and Benny nervous.
Like most people, Dean found music therapeutic. Hence, Sam had no choice in tunes in the Impala. But, almost no one knew how beautifully Dean sang. Despite the super cool machismo he displayed, Dean could be very shy. He kept his amazing voice a secret.
Not wanting to bully a grieving sister, Sam backed off. He offered her a glass of water, which she accepted. He gave her an apologetic smile. He did not want to hurt Anna or any of Castiel's siblings.  All he wanted to do was save Dean.
As he was hiking, and taking out a few baddies along the way, some special plants caught Benny's eye. Benny recalled the garden his wife used to grow in their house back in the bayou. When his kids caught colds and flus, his wife would brew teas to help them sleep better. She would use mint, lavender, and camomile. But for fevers, she would serve them tea made from a special pointy green plant.
Wearing the most callous scowl on his handsome face, Michael sat down in the witness box. He commanded Dean's attention with his vengeful stare. Castiel always used to say that there were very eerie similarities between Dean and Michael: the color of their short hair, the seriousness of their stares, the ferocity of their attitudes. Since Dean and Michael never got along, neither of them liked hearing that. But, listening to Michael speak, and watching his defensive body language, Dean had to concede the fact that they were very much alike, albeit much too little, much too late.
Never in his life did Dean ever think he would get to enjoy true happiness. It seemed it would always elude him like a butterfly that dodges a child's net. And yet, here Dean was, in love with his soulmate, he had a job that, while draining, he loved more than he'd ever let on, and he had a great relationship with what was once his estranged brother. He even had foster children of sorts: Claire Novak and Jack Kline. Dean had everything.
Dean asked where they were taking him. Castiel responded that they were almost at the hospital. In his arms Castiel could feel Dean go rigid.
"'That' is what your life will become if you touch my sister," Gabriel informed him. Dean followed Gabriel's judgmental eyes to the captivating woman on the dance floor.
It sounded so real, as if Castiel were in the room at that very moment, uttering the words that led Dean to fall in love with him.
The judge leaned towards the foreman. Around the county jail, the men had nicknamed the judge 'the Fourth Horseman.'In part, it was because of his terrible name: Judge Death. Mostly it was because he never hesitated to sentence a defendant to capital punishment. He was always eager to bring about the end of life.
Sometimes, Sam would resent Dean's perfection. Even as an adult, he'd still longed to be the good son that Dean was instead of the Prodigal Son he was. It hurt worse after their dad's death. In the Guilt stage of Grief, Sam had wished he would have tried harder to be like his older brother.
Ruby had never liked him much. The feeling had always been mutual. But Dean could see that Ruby was struggling to hold herself together for Sam. Much as they never got along, Dean always admired her resilience. And, say what he would about her, but Ruby loved Sam. Dean knew that his baby brother would be safe with her.
Pushing Dean never worked. Dean always had to deal with his problems in his own way first. Then, once he'd done that, he would open up about his feelings. Still, Sam couldn't help but think that this was different.
Each table in the reception hall had its own little white Christmas tree. A small bar offered up whiskey and beer. Waiters served hamburgers, steaks, fish and chicken, as well as vegetarian garbage for Sam. Champagne flowed like water. Everybody was laughing and enjoying the party.
The chapter title comes from the Salt and Pepa song "Step". There's a line in the song, "I can't believe it's over just for cheap sex." I think Sam would consider Anna and Dean's affair to be just like that. 😈
One dark, foggy night, Castiel and his brothers were leaving a pub after enjoying some burgers and brews. They were on their way to the car, laughing and planning their next outing. Then, something caught Castiel's attention. He heard the crash of metal trash cans falling and the thud of a body colliding with the ground. In a creepy alley, someone was being beaten to the brink of death. Even in the dim light, Castiel could recognize the monster of a man. Alastair. Alastair had a reputation for being a true demon, committing assaults, threatening people and reveling in every second of it.
Still, it was true, what she had said. How could Dean deny it? He could not be in love if he was crawling into Jo's bed every chance he got. Clearly something was missing in THEIR relationship. So it needed to end. Dean needed to be with the person he was into the most.
Benny shields his happiness again, returning to sharpening his stake. Although he is starting to like Castiel, the angel is still a rival. He is not quite ready to let him know he is getting under his icy skin.
Castiel was kind like Mary. Strong like John. Smart like Sam. Protective like Bobby. Devoted like Dean. Yet he was silly and provided Dean's life with some much humor. And, despite all of the horror they'd witnessed, Castiel maintained an innocence that Dean would defend to the end.
Of course, Benny did it for himself. He knows that if he hadn't at least tried to assist the angel, Dean would never trust him again. He would have lost his friend and his hopes of leaving Purgatory if that was the case.
But it isn't good. It bothers Benny. For the first time, he meets the angel's eyes. There's a distance in them, a wildness. It's a result of adjusting to life in Purgatory. Dean has a similar look, especially when he discusses rescuing Castiel. But there's another tell in Castiel's tone and in his movements: sorrow. Benny wants to know what is really going on, no more p.c. b.s., and no Dean to interject. The angel will have to speak for himself now.
his angel in a trench coat, aimed a blade at Alistair, and gave Dean some much needed hope. Then, to Dean's horror, another angel blade protruded from Castiel's belly, and white light glowed in his mouth and eyes.
Even as he came close to death, he placed the blame on his own shoulders. Breaking up with Dean had been suicide. Because of the traumas of his past, Dean could not handle rejection. Both of Dean's parents had suffered tragic deaths when Dean was young: his mother in a house fire and his father in a horrific traffic accident. Bobby Singer, his father's best friend and his adopted father, had been shot and killed. Sam had taken off to Stamford University the first chance he got, and, although they hung out from time to time, the two were not the closest pair of brothers that ever existed.
Jack had been through so much already in his short life. His mother had died in childbirth, and his father, Castiel's brother, was incarcerated in the south. Castiel and Dean had raised the boy as their own son/nephew since he was born. If not for the sake of saving his life, Castiel prayed that Dean would spare Jack yet another heartache.
In all his life, Castiel had never seen such a violent storm. The high wind gusts had been wreaking havoc on the electricity. Lighting bolts smacked into the earth as if God Himself were upset at their tiny Tennessee town. Thunder claps rattled the windows and doors.
"No you don't, Sam, not like this," Dean stated. "I never got to have Cass. Jess was the perfect dream girl that you could've brought home to Mom and Dad if our lives weren't so screwed up."
Dean racked his mind for what his father had taught him about CPR all those years ago. He pushed his palms as hard as he could against Castiel's chest in desperate thrusts. Castiel's body bobbed up and down, and his chest inflated when Dean breathed into his mouth. Dean was sure he heard some cracking ribs, a sign he was doing it right.
Even before Castiel had inspired Dean to explore the Christian faith, Dean pretty much knew the passage by heart. Psalm 23. It had been recited at his mother's funeral. And his father's. And Bobby's.
Sam had always known that. For so long he had prayed for some of Dean's fire. But he could never ignite that same flame in himself. It used to bother him that he could not share such a strong bond with his brother such as the one the Shirley family enjoyed because of how unlike he and Dean were.
'So, it isn't that Dean was physically overpowering Castiel, is it? If Castiel wanted to, he could have fought back?'
As he did so, a folded piece of paper fell from the Bible. Sam bent down to pick it up. He noticed the word "Castiel' written on the front in Dean's messy print.
Sam was a good man. He did not deserve any of this. He had endured enough. But the worst was yet to come. She could not imagine how her sensitive, sweet husband could bear this. Hell, she wasn't even sure that she could stand it. Except, Sam needed her, and she would always be by his side,  no matter what. They would get through this together, just as they fought all of their battles together.
The warden slid the curtains open so that the observers could witness Dean's final moments. Dean scanned the crowd on the other side of the windows, feeling a bit like Willy the whale right before he broke his tank. Anael and Anna were shaky but feigning strength. Michael was as stone faced and serious as always. Gabriel and Balthazar seemed zoned out, as if they were millions of miles away. Despite all their tough talk, Dean did not think that the Shirleys wanted him to die. Except for Michael, he did not doubt Michael's words.
Ultimately, though, Benny did it for Dean. Friendship and love are two of the most beautiful and two of the most agonizing things in the world. It goes hand in hand. His friendship and relationship with Dean have had more than their fair share of beauty. Just because it is time to take some bad does not subtract from the good. Anyway, there is nothing so horrible that Dean could do to deserve to witness his best friend being murdered right in front of him. After losing Andrea as he had, Benny could never put Dean through that.
Trying to hide how moved he is by the angel's thoughtfulness, Benny mutters, "I'll protect Dean, but I ain't doing it for you."
All of his life, Dean had felt like he was not good enough. He thought he hurt more people than he saved. He thought he was small and would never make a difference in the world. For reasons he could never understand, he'd always felt incomplete, like part of him was missing.
With all of her heart, she longed to tell Sam. It would bring him so much joy when he found out. But she knew it would be wrong to share with him now. At this time, it was imperative that he give his brother his full attention. Also, she did not want such wonderful news to forever carry the horrible scars of this reprehensible tragedy.
Benny had been alive long enough to read more books and articles than any professor in any university. He'd had a particular interest in psychology. Understanding the human mind helped him hunt for food. It made it easier for him to lure in his prey. Somehow he was able to recall that humans release dopamine when they are attracted to somebody.
At first, the sight of him is a most welcome blessing. For months, Benny has been helping Dean search these dark, foreboding woods in the hopes of locating his friend, the angel Castiel. They've interrogated and killed numerous beasts, some of them Benny's former allies, all in the name of this one angel. In that respect, it's rewarding to have found him at last.
Dean had learned the lyrics by accident. After they'd watched Rent, Castiel had asked Sam to download the soundtrack onto his cell phone. From afar, Dean had heard Cass tell Sam that he wanted it as a reminder of one of the happiest nights of his existence. Those words would torment Dean for all of his days. Over the next few weeks, Cass sang "I'll Cover You" over and over. It annoyed the life out of Dean, and, more than once, he had barked at Cass to shut up.
The guards helped him lie down on the table of torture, the end of the green mile. They bound his arms and legs so that he could not move. Thanks be to God, this was the last time he would be tied down like a hog headed to the slaughter. It was funny. They all thought that they were punishing him. Dean considered it good fortune they did not realize they were giving him the peace he had always longed for.
In his mind, Dean conjured up the image of Castiel in the hospital on the night they'd met. He'd been suffering with grave injuries and surrounded by strangers with their faces hidden behind masks and holding sharp objects in their hands. It had been overwhelming and scary.
To top it all off, Castiel won't even be able to escape with them. It's a human portal. It won't work for him. This is all just a waste of time. But when Benny brings it up, it just starts a fight. Not with Castiel though, oddly enough he does not disagree with Benny. It's Dean that can't get the simple facts through his hard head.
He looked to his brother, but Sam just shrugged. Sam never liked getting in the middle of any of their quarrels, petty and insignificant as they may be. He couldn't count on his brother to back him up on this. When Dean turned back to Castiel, his resolve began to crack.
There was not a hint of his usual sarcasm when he spoke. His question sounded genuine, like something he hadn't noticed before had just been pointed out to him. The rage from the previous moment melted away, and, somehow, Dean seemed slightly smaller.
