John spends his Saturday with Sherlock and meets some interesting characters.
Eventually, John tired himself out and fell asleep in the middle of the bed, his small snores the only sound besides Sherlock's own breathing. He considered playing his violin, but decided it would be better to stay where he could watch John. Sherlock tried to convince himself that it was purely for safety purposes and not because he was afraid that John would disappear the moment he left the room.
He watched as John turned his head to listen, only the side of his face and the narrowed corner of his eye visible from Sherlock’s vantage point.
Mrs Hudson had been gracious enough to help him out for most of the day, but Sherlock shooed her away when John finally fell into a fitful sleep.
There was wetness against his chest, his own semen, and shortly after, John's, as he pulled out to come with a choked groan. Feeling proprietary and startled with himself, Sherlock rubbed their joined seed into his chest, bringing it up to inhale and ingest with an exploratory tongue.
John scratched the back of his head, wondering how to tell his friend about his flirtatious conversation with his boss. "I don't know, Sarah. I-I think we -... I think Holmes and I have been... flirting?"
“I’ve got it,” Sherlock said, then pointedly cast his eyes towards the couch and back to John. He didn’t have to say anymore for John to get the hint. He flashed a coy smile and walked away, sliding the robe down his shoulders and onto the floor.
He could feel his heart thumping irregularly, like bongo drums slapping away inside his chest.
He flicked his eyes up to Sherlock who had come to stand over him, reading over his shoulder.
John pressed his lips together as he shook his head, a vehement negation, but clearly not enough to tell her what she needed to know.
John leaned forward to place the cup on the table, wishing he could stay forever. "Maybe," he replied, biting his bottom lip nervously.
Sherlock already had his phone out when a text from Irene came in.
John ignored his comment but levelled the man with his best captain's stare, the one he'd give to his cadets to stop them shooting off at the mouth or put them back in line of need be. It always worked, and this time was no different. Victor straightened up the slightest, mouth drawing in to a thin, pale line.
Sherlock recalled the last time he'd worked with a female Alpha.
Holmes' sharp eyes cut to John, expression unintelligible, before sliding back to Janine. "If that is all, Janine, you are free to go."
John watched him, willing his body to calm. The words had sent a jolt of arousal straight to his already tortured erection, still trapped in the suffocating confines of his trousers and pants. “God, you have a dirty mouth.”
John froze, and Sherlock along with him, a flame of excitement igniting as he felt that acute sense of danger from the Alpha.
He wanted to believe that Sherlock would look at him like this forever; he wondered if someone would ever stare at him the same way, and inspire the same ardent longing.
Was it sick of him to so desperately want to see that look of approval on Sherlock's face aimed at him all the time? It was intoxicating and liberating to stand there so naked, waiting for every unknown Sherlock had in store for John, and the anticipation sent radiating shivers down his spine.
Sherlock's fingers, when they finally landed on his skin, were cool and teasing as they skirted up his displayed inner thighs, followed by a trail of nips. After each, John would gasp and press up, needing more of those nimble hands and confident lips.
Sherlock's lips over his own were ravenous, devouring everything like a hurricane upon landfall, and John had no choice but to let him take. Warm breath and dry lips, the bittersweet taste of dry wine and earl grey tea. A new drug that John found himself addicted to. Sherlock was gripping the hair at the nape of his neck with one large hand, while the other came up to fondle his pebbled nipples, one and then the other.
This time, a long-legged, red-haired queen wearing much the same as the first slid up against the bars sensually, her torso a long, straight line.
With every thrust, John could feel the bark scraping at his skin painfully, and he relished it, taking his penance gratefully. John kept his legs tightly wound around Sherlock's waist, fingernails clawing into that wonderfully muscled back, feeling it shift and pull underneath his hands as Sherlock moved fluidly against him.
An indeterminate amount of time later, John woke to a knock on the door. Flustered and panicked, he sat up, looking around. God, had he actually taken a nap? Irene would be infuriated with him! And he still had on his costume from the first set. What the fuck was he thinking?
Sarah does John a favor, and Sherlock gives John the power of choices.
Eventually, the laughing died down and John was staring into mercurial eyes that were equally entranced with him, and wondering when the hell did he fall for Sherlock Holmes.
.” Mycroft stood, towering over the both of them even behind his desk, his cheeks suffused with red as his blood pressure rapidly rose. How dare they squabble like children! Over a boy, nonetheless! When they sat, Mycroft arranged his suit jacket, smoothing a hand down the front as he pulled himself back together. Angrily, he huffed, “Fools, the both of you, allowing a child to come between you.”
It was quiet for a moment, and John could imagine the wheels turning and clicking, the sound of Sherlock's mind working. Finally, he spoke. "You're angry."
Sarah rolled her eyes in exasperation, and gestured to the frumpy, oversized trainwreck John was wearing. "It's just, I think my grandfather has the very same jumper."
In the shower, John allowed himself to remember, finally. He slid down the wall and folded his legs up to his chest, hugging them close. The water was getting cold, but he couldn't find the energy to care. All John could think was Bill, Bill, Bill... What the fuck had he done?
What did he have to lose by telling Mycroft yes,
Sherlock used much the same method as the night before; just a finger prick to extract a drop of blood onto a glass slide. He left John with a cotton ball and antibiotic cream, trusting that he knew rudimentary first aid. It seemed that John had retained knowledge and was still moderately intelligent, yet he didn't remember names, faces, or even events of his life. Sherlock could at least conclude that the limbic system in the medial temporal lobe may have been affected by Förstner's drug, some sort of damage to the hippocampus which would in turn have resulted in retrograde amnesia.
They both knew this was something John could have done himself, but Sherlock seemed to genuinely want to do it, and John could admit that he felt a little comfort in being taken care of.
Sherlock could feel the energy from this stranger- John, a steady current of static electricity surrounding him like a shroud. Even with the air of self assurance, John wouldn't meet his eyes, refused to say a word and kept his gaze firmly on his feet.
Victor had intrigued Sherlock. Victor had come from a more modest way of life and so his mannerisms were different from most that attended Cambridge. While a majority of their peers stuck their noses up at Victor’s humble beginnings, it hadn't deterred Sherlock from pursuing an acquaintanceship with him. In fact, Sherlock had found Victor refreshing and a pleasant distraction from the constant boredom of trying to fit in where he would never be accepted. Eventually, after months of being near one another constantly, Sherlock began to feel things he hadn't felt before.
At this, Sherlock smirked darkly, an eerie gleam in his eyes as he turned to regard Mycroft. He knew he'd won by the way Mycroft's back stiffened.
Sherlock spoke the words like a shameful confession, eyes dropping to his clasped hands as his mouth worked. “I’ve never… This-” He cut off with a heavy sigh.
Sherlock did look up then, confusion carving a divot on the bridge if his nose. "You're upset."
The woman waved off his apologies with a bright smile, stepping away from the door in a wordless invitation.
Mrs Hudson feigned outrage, giving Sherlock a little slap on the arm. “I’ll have you know a little marijuana would clear that little temper you have right up, young man.”
The number of female Alphas he'd taken could be counted on one hand. No matter. Women weren't really his area, A/B/O or human.
Sherlock was staring at him still, into him, through him, and John looked away, his chest heavy to accompany the lump in his throat. What was he waiting for?
"Uh", John began, shifting in his seat to face Holmes, "we're not - it's not a date," he fumbled. He didn't know why he felt the need to explain himself to the man. Quite frankly it was no concern of his, but John didn't want whatever was happening with Holmes to end so abruptly. He wanted to know what it that Holmes thought he wasn't ready for. John had a feeling if he left things as they were, he would never find out the truth.
On the one hand, Sherlock hated revealing just how much John’s absence had affected him, but on the other, he didn’t truly think that John understood how important he’d become to someone who had never put much stock into interpersonal relationships.
Yes, Sherlock thought, there were many ways this could backfire on him, but even if this little thing brought him closer to John in some way, then that was all that mattered. With one last deep breath, Sherlock closed his eyes and stowed away every screaming doubt, stripped away his layers, and remembered John. When he opened them, he was someone else.
Jasper was tired, so tired of running, but he couldn't go home. Wouldn't. Couldn't stomach the thought of his father and- and John. He'd loved John, was ready to ask his friend to be with him. It would be okay if they didn't have sex right away, because John deserved more than that, anyway.
Sherlock smirked, regaining more of his usual confidence by the second. "Obvious."
John broke off into a soft, harsh sound that resonated in Sherlock’s bones. Whatever John was trying to say, Sherlock felt it vital to let him get to the end of it.
Through the haze, John noticed that it was a neat bedroom with a large bed that looked like heaven to sleep on. Sherlock was trading his trousers for silk pyjama pants, and John just barely caught the swell of a buttocks before the top came to settle upon sculpted hipbones. Beneath the unbuttoned shirt was a white tee, so there was nothing to see, there. The thought nearly made John cry like a baby.
John could feel his pulse as it ratcheted up a notch at the notifications. His thumb hovered over the screen, unsure if he should unlock it, enable his addiction to whatever it was that Sherlock fueled in him.
Sherlock hung up without a word, hyperventilating, afraid that he was dreaming. If John was pronounced dead, there was no logical way he could possibly be alive. He hadn't cared to find out what was in Förstner's syringe. The damage had already been done, what sense would it make to know? He'd killed Förstner; a dead man couldn't be prosecuted.
Made sense.
by Beyoncé
It hurt John more that he couldn't promise her anything.
Sherlock didn’t generally care much for the effect he had on people, but despite himself and how he felt, John mattered much more than he was comfortable with. Sherlock never had a problem steamrolling over others and their ridiculous sentimentality, but here he was, being sentimental. Hypocrisy at its finest.
He lowered his lips until they were licking the underside of Sherlock's erection, and then he's losing his breath because Sherlock had shifted his attention to John's balls, kneading them, worshiping them with his tongue and lips. John's back bent until he heard it creak and Sherlock hummed around his cock like a man fulfilled. John shuddered and set to work on Sherlock, finally taking his velvet soft erection between spit-slicked lips and bobbed his head until Sherlock was just as wrecked as John.
Sarah’s response came thirty seconds later.
John giggled and turned to the door, light as a feather. “Yes, Father Holmes,” he threw over his shoulder, and Sherlock scoffed loudly.
John sat up to run his hands through his hair in annoyance. At this rate, John was going to go prematurely bald. “No, Sherlock- just… no. That's not how it works.”
teenagers have fathers who fuck their best friends!”
If Sherlock's eyes were cold before, they were terrifyingly frigid now. "He goes, because I say he does. The safety of the pack is the only thing your silly little mind should be dwelling on, now stop your useless nattering and let us go on about our business!" That being said, the man pushed past Victor and swept out of the room impatiently, followed closely by Lestrade and Sally.
John was thankful for the work Janine left behind; he'd rather bury himself in papers and reports, than dwell on his most recent interaction with his employer.
For the next half hour, Victor took his measurements and held up strips of fabric against his skin and eyes, occasionally scribbling down notes. Between staring with the acuity of a predator, Sherlock would insert a suggestion here and there, one arm folded over his chest while the other arm was set perpendicular, his hand absently stroking his chin. Sherlock and Victor talked over his head with the familiarity of old friends, and surprisingly, John found that besides his initial suspicion, he wasn't jealous. Victor made it hard to dislike him, and although he spoke his thoughts freely, John enjoyed his candour.
A woman, and the other, most certainly a man.
“Wait,” John said, and closed his eyes to take a calming breath. “There's one more thing.”
"Hm." Was all the reply he'd gotten for over a minute, and just when John was sure that Jasper had nothing to say to that, the other boy opened his mouth to speak. "Don't try to save her, John. It's not your responsibility."
Ella chuckled. "I don't care a wit for perfection, my friend, and so you have my gratitude for your honesty, dear."
So obviously she was familiar with the place.
“Lipschitz.”
Sherlock loomed in the door like a shadow man, swallowing light like a black hole. His voice, when he spoke, was deep and commanding. "I want this door open at all times, understood?"
The sound of feet on the stairs broke them apart sooner than John wanted to be parted from their heated moment. He turned to continue the tea while, Sherlock walked unhurriedly to sit at the table.
indecipherable pronounced like a knot at the base of his throat. All he could do was stare, at a loss for words in a way he found only John could make him be.
Sherlock had taught John that inhibitions meant holding back, and John knew well the punishment for doing such a thing. Sherlock was a selfish man, willful and possessive. He wanted all of it, everything that John had to give, and Sherlock would happily lower himself to any means just to have him.
“Never.”
The hallway was for voyeurs.
He sighed at the satisfying pop of joints in his back and shoulders and sank back into the mattress, head lolling to the side to take in his bedmate. John had been the last lover he’d had at Baker Street, in this bed, and at last he returned looking for all the world like he’d never left.
John sat on the couch with his feet on the cushion and his knees hugged against his chest, thinking about, well - everything. For the first time since Sherlock swept into his life, John wished for boring, mundane, dull. That would be a hell of a lot better than what he was feeling now.
He wasn’t sure if he was dreaming this entire scene up. John wasn't even sure that he was alive anymore. Maybe he slipped on the marble and cracked open his skull.
John nodded. He remembered well, Sherlock's body up against his own, warmth driving out the cold, and his hands... Sherlock walked away from him that night, too. “Yes.”
They passed a majority of the day and most of the afternoon switching between crap telly and Doctor Who reruns on BBC, eating up the kitchen and avoiding the news if they could. John didn't want to know if there was video footage, or if he should be expecting to see his own face on the telly. It was bad enough that there was probably a mag stand somewhere with their pictures scattered all over it. John would make sure to avoid that area when he dared to venture out.
“Well, I hope we’ve learned our lesson about blowing up livers in the kitchen, then,” John chided in a pleasant, manner. “Right. I think this is enough to be getting on with.” John set the brush down and pushed Sherlock's grumbling form away from the chair and retreated to the loo.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock wasn't planning on opening his eyes, but he could feel the full force of Mycroft's glare on his person, and the urge to snap was on the tip of his tongue. No doubt Mycroft already knew that Sherlock was awake, but he tottered between ignoring his brother in favour of sleep or facing the music now, and getting it out of the way. His head still throbbed as if he'd been battered, and in his chest, a dull ache left him feeling hollow. Sherlock couldn't tell if it could be attributed to his accidental overdose or the memory of John that lingered at the edge of every thought.
It was something different this time. Sherlock had wanted John and John wanted Sherlock, and soon enough Sherlock - with his brilliant mind - was lying supine on John's bed and leading him over with a hand. Sherlock pulled him up and over until his knees were weighing anchor on either side of his head, and John's groin was an imperfect arch over Sherlock's warm, lovely mouth. John’s attempts to reciprocate were fumbling and awkward, his mouth moving inelegantly around Sherlock's hardness as Sherlock rubbed clever fingers over the line of his perineum.
Sherlock allowed the words to settle between them, and John swallowed at the weight of them. “And why didn't you?” he asked with a tight throat, hoping that Sherlock hadn't heard the crack in his voice.
"Mum," John groaned, throwing his head back against the cushion, "you're terrible at this."
John settled in to wait, leaning against the rails and closing his eyes. His head felt heavy with things he didn't want to think about and John just felt like sleeping and never waking up. Everyday he wondered when he would get around to doing something about it.
Jim tapped his fingers against the arm of his chair irritatedly, because, well, to be honest, this really was
John's hair and make-up for the end of this chapter.
Her hand appeared again clutching a sheaf of papers which she set in front of John.
“Hey, dad,” he said, waving awkwardly, no longer emboldened without Mycroft to moderate the conversation. He remembered how his father had easily taken him down during his violent rant the night he found out about the nature of John's relationship with Sherlock. His dad had never once laid a hand on him, violently or otherwise before then, and Jasper was still not  sure what to make of it.
Molly was seated on an old brown settee poring over a book while Lestrade, snuggled up next to her, reading over a delicate shoulder, one hand absentmindedly rubbing her arm possessively. It was a very domestic moment, such an ordinary display in a place that was anything but. It was like a soothing balm to the weight on John's chest.
"Please," he begged. He felt empty, and he didn't know if he was hungry for comfort or food. "More, please."
One date became two, became three, and on the third, Sherlock brought up the empty room in his flat that they may or may not need (they didn’t) and John agreed.
John’s eyes widened in surprise, though his emotions flitted between jealousy and amusement. Then again, if Sherlock could be attracted to someone as ordinary as he, then why wouldn’t he find Miss Vicky and all of her eccentricity alluring?
(See the end of the chapter for
Even with Mycroft’s vast amount of resources and connections, nothing more could have been done to rid the world of Jim Moriarty, short of assassination (which had also crossed Sherlock’s mind). However, Sherlock was sure that as Moriarty’s largest competitor in the pharmaceutical industry and the publicity of their rivalry, no court would have trouble believing him to be behind it.
Watching him, Julia got the feeling that his intelligence transcended ordinariness, the boundaries that most people limited themselves to. He was odd, but Julia saw where that would attract someone like John. But what was Sherlock’s motive?
Although it wasn't safe to run his tests at home without a certified medical personnel to supervise, Sherlock didn't trust getting others involved. If anyone else found out about John's condition, they would take him away and he’d be nothing more than a specimen. Sherlock knew, because he would have done the same if it were anyone other than John. No, no one could know, or Sherlock would never see John again. He’d be subjected to strangers poking and prodding at him for the remainder of his life, or what life he may have left. Only time could tell, but until then, Sherlock would do all he could to keep his partner alive, no matter the cost.
Large hands pulled him forward for a slow, ardent caress of lips. Everything inside John felt so scattered and chaotic under Sherlock's touch. Those lips moving against his own, as hypnotizing as a metronome. John craved the warmth of large hands sliding down his vertebrae, pushing him into a warm body.
His stomach grumbled viciously and he rubbed it with fingers sticky with sugar and grime.
Sherlock slumped against him and laid his forehead on John’s collarbone.
Had he been that once? John couldn’t remember. Yet, when was the last time he’d even gone anywhere other than home and the cabaret?
Time seemed to slow down, and everything around John blurred until it was unrecognizable. All that mattered was the threat before him and the rush of blistering rage coursing through his veins. He
Downstairs, Mrs. Hudson was baking something that smelled of freshly baked bread and a tangy-sweet aroma that drifted up through the floorboards. Her telly blared Connie Prince, probably to block out the noise from upstairs, or either the walls were just thin.
, we will go in, incapacitate him and wait for those idiots at the Yard to play catch up!"
Sherlock relaxed in increments, until he came to rest his head over John's, and his arms around the smaller male's shoulders. John's heart was beating a crescendo in his chest at the intimacy of the hold. Two hurting hearts pressed against one another through layers of fabric, beating the same song of longing and sadness and hope, and faith.
By the time Greg had relieved the pressure on his bladder and tended to his morning regimen, Sherlock was already spread out on the couch with his eyes closed, his long form taking up the entirety of the couch.
“You’re being so good for me, John,” Sherlock praised, one rebel finger eagerly dipping into his submissive’s wet hole.
When he turned back, Mycroft's face was stern, but clear, as was the message behind it all. “No more of this nonsense. I've told you before, and I will tell you again: caring is not an advantage.”
"A few days, I'd reckon," Lestrade grunted, folding his arms over a broad chest.
"I said,
They found a small inlet in a rock formation that was big enough to shelter them after a few hours of walking, when the sky began to darken and the rain pelted painfully upon their skin. The area was deserted and there were no tracks or scents to alert them that anyone had been there.
“You had the day off,” Sherlock stated, and John tilted his head, waiting for the man to continue.
In a seemingly random turn, the atmosphere in the room changed, as did the music, an unpredictable choice where Sherlock was concerned. The air between them crackled with something more charged and primitive. A low, rhythmic bass filtered through the plugs, as did the clear, seductive pitch of a woman crooning softly over the beat.
At approximately thirty-two to thirty-five years of age, John's bullet wound emerged and the fall out was devastating.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
The black wolf threw himself forward, artfully dodging their bullets, and John hesitated only a moment before he scrambled up and charged towards the enemies. The other wolf was a dirty fighter, a trickster, darting around and causing confusion one moment and a hair's length away from breaking every bone of their legs with sharp canines. He was intelligent and quick, where the hunters rarely had experience fighting one such as he, but they were also fast on their feet, making it hard for the wolf to get a grip, only ripping off pieces of fabric as they dodged.
Sherlock lifted the strap of his bag from around his shoulder and dropped it to the ground. Digging out clothes seemed to be his last priority and John was having a hard time keeping his eyes from dipping below chest level.
He dragged in a breath and slowly released it before turning to John again. He truly did look unwell. A sheen of moisture overlay the surface of John’s dark eyes, like liquid wax over stained glass, and Sherlock knew then that to resist John as he was would be to torment himself.
At the door, John pressed his ear against it and was treated with the same eerie silence as before. He knocked once and said, “Sherlock, I'm coming in.”
The ride had been a quiet one, save for the rumble of John's complaining belly. One would usually find those things amusing, but Holmes' penetrating gaze was only dark and pensive. John didn't look back, but he could see Holmes in the reflection of the window, tapping away on his phone, though pausing intermittently to spare John a glance.
Sherlock's fists were balled at his sides, and John could almost see him vibrating with anger. He hadn't meant for any of this to happen, and now this posh arsehole was here threatening to keep Sherlock's son away from him.
Sherlock tilted his head and regarded John for a long moment, dragging his eyes down John’s chest and belly, lingering on his legs as he remembered parting those thighs several times and burying himself between them, until he was satisfied that John was fidgeting enough.
Sherlock must have read his nervous energy. He dropped his head to meet John’s eyes, his, surprisingly soft and understanding. “Relax,” he murmured, his finger rubbing soothing circles in the dip behind John’s earlobe. His hand was warm and the size of it recalled the image of those elongated fingers buried inside of Molly’s slick passage as John licked around them.
Sherlock peered at John from beneath dark lashes, sharp eyes knowing, lips tilted at the corner. "You think I don't know your secrets." Leaning close, the man placed his lips to John's ear, soft lips brushing at the cartilage there. You have no idea what I'm capable of."
If the world crumbled into nothing, Sherlock never would have noticed. John was all that mattered, all that would ever matter.
John caught Irene’s eyes in the mirror and allowed a smirk to curl the corner of his lips. “It’ll be fine, Irene,” he said, hoping to mollify her somewhat. “Look at this place you’ve got. I thought we’d be working out of seedy clubs for the rest of our careers.”
Sherlock reached the door at the end; an old wooden door five inches thick, and laden with grime and taken over by vines. From the arch to the ground, no light escaped the gaps and the door was handle-less.
Sherlock was pounding into him now, hunched over John's body until they were eye to eye, and the connection was so strongly present, John could feel the electricity zing through his body like a current, raising the hair on his arms.
Mycroft whipped around to face his – no doubt, younger – brother, a hint of surprise on his face, the first real expression to crack through his perfectly impassive facade. “However did you allow that to happen?”
John hadn't given him much, but Lestrade was no fool. He was aware that something happened between John and the pack leader, of a sexual nature.
John was so sure there was an innuendo hidden in there somewhere, and the knowledge of it left John tongue-tied. Holmes didn't look away once as he spoke, keeping John ensnared in a calculating, predatory gaze that made his stomach do star jumps.
Throughout his life, John came into contact with many men - and women - like Holmes: vain, unaccommodating, egocentric, and used to getting what they want. Often, John found those traits repellant and unattractive, but in Holmes, it seemed less forced and more innate.
Mike let out a sigh of relief that tapered off with a pitiful cough. "I owe you big time, John, you're a lifesaver."
Sherlock froze with the cigarette halfway to his lips and the lighter poised at the tip. Slowly, he turned his head to take in his unexpected guest. Pale pink lipstick and neck-length finger-curls; a green jacket that matched nothing she wore underneath it, a glimpse of the person beneath the layers of make-up. “Beautiful women should be wary of strangers,” Sherlock said, placing the cigarette between his lips and flicking the lighter until the flame danced at the tip. “Don’t you have another set?”
is why I never get involved."
“John.” Irene stayed him with a hand over his, until he met her eyes. “You've closed yourself off to everyone who has wanted to pursue you in the years that we’ve known one another. Maybe it's time to let that go,” she said, gripping John's fingers with her smaller ones. “I can see that he adores you. It's not love; you haven't had nearly enough time for that and I don't believe in that love at first sight drivel… but, it could be, one day.”
John stared up at him demurely, suddenly insecure as this man regarded him with admiration. What would Sherlock possibly want with a young, homeless screw-up that occasionally sells his body for a warm meal?
"Oh," Sherlock breathed, and turned on John fiercely, throwing the crop to the floor as he bent over John's recumbent body. "Where are they," he snapped, and before John could open his mouth to say, Sherlock asked him again, sharper this time. "Where are the pictures?"
“Sherlock,” John sighed as he shrugged on his jacket. “I have to go. Don't wait up for me.”
Jasper chuckled lightly and turned back to John. "Dad took me on a few cases with him last week; usually they ended in us running through dark alleys and chasing bad guys."
"You're doing well, John," Sherlock praised, his bright eyes gleaming with pride, among other things. "I believe I promised you a reward for good behaviour."
“At least you had the decency to take it upstairs,” Sherlock grumbled blandly. “Besides the fact that you were shamelessly watching as I fellated John,” at this, Greg nearly choked on his own breath, “You nearly ruined the moment with your terrible mouth breathing and skulking about. If you wanted to watch, you could have simply asked. Granted, John would most certainly have his hang-ups on the matter, and I don't know how I'd feel about you watching him in such a state—”
It was impossible, highly unrealistic.
Sherlock sent a text and was buzzed in at the door.
was leaving
John jolted awake abruptly, chest heaving as he blinked to clear the remnants of his latest nightmare away. The room was cloaked in darkness and John found himself afraid of it for the first time since he was child. Breathing deeply, he rubbed his palms across his eyes to scrub away the sleep that had collected there and lifted his legs off the couch and onto the floor.
John's hands were pulling uselessly at his restraints, just to get a little taste of that flesh; he wanted to touch, but Sherlock was relentless in his assault. John could imagine himself in the position he was in, Sherlock's body between his hitched up thighs, the very picture of hedonism. Bright cheeks and silk-covered eyes, Sherlock's warm lips tracing patterns down the line of his stomach.
Sherlock focused those laser point eyes on him, unbearably astute, "How long did he give you?" His voice was low and strained, yet his eyes were an amalgamation of emotions he couldn't force past his lips. Things he would never be able to say, just on the tip of Sherlock's tongue, and none of it would ever reach John's ears.
Being on the run was more work than Jasper thought possible, but between his father being a genius and his uncle running the government and all, Jasper thought he was been doing quite well.
Sherlock turned his back towards John, one hand moving slowly up to his lip, a tell of his nervousness and vulnerability. Quietly, he said, “You want something from me that I'm incapable of giving.” Sherlock paused, and the next time he spoke, his voice was thick with self-loathing. “This is what I am, John. I'm an addict, a sociopath, and despite what you've come to believe, I am not a good man. I don't feel love the way normal people do; I don't know that I've ever experienced it before.”
“Ah.”
Miss Vicky had thrown him in a white shirt and tight trousers, rolled up his sleeves, and slapped on some suspenders. She hadn’t stopped there. John looked ridiculous. She’d put blush on his cheeks and mascara on his lashes, and for the love of God, he even had guyliner. Ugh.
. He was afraid to open his eyes and see that steely gaze directed at him, untrusting and devoid of affection.
Of course, they never knew that they were all just cheap imitations. None of them could truly match up to John. There was always something missing. This one doesn’t have the right eye shape; too large, not narrow enough, the colour was off. That one wasn’t short enough; John’s leg hair was sparse, his were too hairy, too thin, shoulders not broad enough. During the sex, he could hardly look his partner in the eyes, so he’d turn them on their belly and fuck them that way, gag their mouth shut so they wouldn’t speak and ruin the fantasy.
Sherlock leant down, placing his lips over John's, and the younger male felt his body melting into him before he had even realized they were kissing.
The taste of blood still lingered on Sherlock's palate, but it wasn't anything John hadn't experienced before. However dark the thought may be, John enjoyed the coppery flavour under their current circumstance. There was something about fighting and fucking that all wolves relished to some extent. Maybe it was the thrill of a successful hunt or their need to reinforce their camaraderie. Some packs were known to indulge in this as a group, but in John's opinion, it was better—more powerful—with only two.
In all of his life, John had moments in which he had lived singularly, but he had never truly been alone. Whenever he needed assistance, his pack was there to defend him, as he was for them. Bill, Mike, Harry... They were all dead now. His pack mates had all faced a gruesome and undeserved death at the hands of men who wanted nothing more than to exterminate every last one of his kind out of fear and anger.
, now, and that's all that really matters in the grand scheme of things. It's marvelous and hateful, because Sherlock knows this cannot last, but John is so snug and tight around him, and his flesh so yielding beneath Sherlock's larger hands.
"This is my cock, John," Sherlock growled roughly, his other hand reaching down to tug once, twice along his cock. "Say it."
And we're back with the third chapter of this little ditty. I hope you all enjoyed the last. Once again, thank you to my lovely betas
Greg snickered behind his hand at the narrow eyed glare currently drilling a hole in John's head. Sherlock procured a key out of his pocket and without preamble, stepped forward and into John's space without so much as a forewarning.
(See the end of the chapter for
John shared a fleeting look with Sally, who regarded him with moderately less contempt than before the fight, though she still kept herself surrounded by an air of distrust and reservation.
Lestrade cleared his throat pointedly, from where he stood by the lift, rocking back onto the heels of his shoes with an indulgent grin. "If the two of you are quite finished, Sherlock, we need to get going."
John shook his head at her, and himself, feeling foolish. "No, I think it's Holmes texting me. He wants to meet at Cafe Rouge."
A loud bang emitted from the room, startling him from his contemplation, and John shifted uncomfortably, wondering if it was probably wise to come back another time. "You're a terrible liar, Wilkes. I'll give you until the end of the week to vacate the premises." It was silent for a moment before Holmes' voice filled the room once more, soft and cold. "Oh Sebastian, you have no idea the lengths I would go to get what I want. And what I want right now is you out of that building. You have until the end of the week."
“Three,” he wheezed, desperate. “Speak, John. Tell me, what’s the third rule.” He had to get through this, but John was shaking his head.
Sherlock was watching him in the mirror, that frustratingly smug smirk in place as if he knew exactly what John was picturing. John was sure he did. "I woke in the middle of the night, achingly disappointed that I didn't get to see what happened next. Then I remembered that I didn't have to fantasize about it. You would let me do those things to you, wouldn't you, John?"
John turned on her without a moments notice. "I was at a friend's. Where were you," he growled, "sleeping off another hangover in a ditch?"
Then, there was Bill, who’d died fighting. He hadn't even changed back, and so the last John would ever see of Bill was a gnarled muzzle and his tawny, unseeing eyes. Most of all, there was nothing much of Bill left, but bone and gristle.
"I do hope so, John." Sarah stared at him seriously for a moment longer before a slow, mischievous smile slid across her lips. "I've also heard he's quite a looker."
"Sherlock Holmes," Holmes returned blandly, before taking his hand back and turning to John, a blatant dismissal in his body language. In his peripheral, John could see Sarah's shoulders slump in obvious relief. "I assume your first day is coming along well, John?"
He couldn't rid his mind of the countless scenarios playing repeatedly in his head, picturing some faceless person succumbing to Sherlock's charms, arching beneath his lips, and those nimble fingers playing perfect notes over someone else's body.
Sherlock circled him, a slow, calculated stalk to ease them both into the moment. “Undress for me,” he began. “Take your time.”
“Mycroft, I need everything you have on Förstner's drug. There has to be some way to combat the drug in John's system, something I could come up with but I would need to see a sample-”
Encouraged, Sherlock took John’s hand and pulled him forward, reveling in the intimacy of their closeness. At last, John reciprocated, pushing his hands into the hair at the nape of Sherlock’s neck while his own latched onto the back of those corduroyed thighs and stroked.
Sherlock chuckled and pulled away, reaching for the buttons on his shirt. His eyes never left John’s, heated and sharp, glazed over with a desire John had forgotten was possible in an industry where emotions came fabricated and wrapped in neat little plastic packages who spread their legs willingly and spoke shallow words through their shallow lips. He hadn’t realized how much he missed the authenticity of organic intercourse, foreplay that wasn’t dictated by a director, and unforced attraction.
A few moments later, Jasper knocked once and pushed open the door, leaving it open as the butler sputtered behind him. He crashed into the seat and folded his arms as he stared defiantly at Mycroft. As if forgetting something, he turned to the butler lingering hesitantly in the doorway and smiled. “Thank you, Alfred.”
When the cool air hit, John gasped, feeling his erect penis flag just slightly from the unexpected draft. Sherlock sat up, eyes half mast as he took in the picture of John splayed out beneath him, wanting and waiting, legs spread in an open invitation.
“I don’t have time for this, Mycroft. Tell me: You have your finger in every pie, so do your job and tell me what I’m up against.”
John waited for the cars to clear before he jogged to the other side of the street, immediately spotting Holmes through the windows. The man stuck out like a sore thumb, dressed this time in a deep purple button down tucked into perfectly pressed, black trousers. His fitted suit jacket and coat were folded painstakingly over the back of the booth. Holmes tapped away on his mobile screen, seemingly oblivious to everything around him.
Holmes' head whipped around quickly at that, lips curled up in an outraged snarl. "Shut up, Irene," he hissed. The woman only shrugged and threw him a dainty smirk.
A slight narrowing of Mycroft’s sharp, wintergreen gaze was the only sign of disagreement he displayed, but as Holmes Pharmaceuticals was not his company, all he could do was acquiesce. For the time being. Sherlock knew his brother well enough to know that he would hear about his decision later. Mycroft always had to have a say in everything Sherlock did. Age hadn’t changed a detail.
John could feel his lungs growing lighter with every step closer to the basement exit. He couldn't help the sigh of relief when Lestrade opened the heavy steel door to an empty corridor that ended at a set of stairs at the end, which John assumed would lead them above ground. John allowed the door to slam shut behind them, satisfied to be breathing air that didn't smell of mildew and, well... wet dog, if he was being honest with himself.
With minimal effort, the zip came down, down, down, and then it fell away to reveal a waxed chest and erect, rosebud nipples. The sight of them made Sherlock’s throat constrict. He swallowed and tore his eyes away from John’s chest to take in the rest of his smooth torso. Unconsciously, his tongue darted out to wet his lips as his eyes passed over the dip of John’s bellybutton. Highly erotic fantasies played out in his mind, of pressing John down on his back and delving his tongue inside every crack and crevice of his body.
Jasper pouted, slumping on the couch in seeming exhaustion. "They were out of those little biscuits I like." Jasper pouted, falling into his customary sulk as he was wont to do when he didn't get his way.
From the sound of it, someone was slacking on the job and now Holmes was coming under fire because of it.
Sherlock offered his hand to John and pulled him up until they were sitting shoulder to shoulder, and used his free hand to tame his unruly hair. “I have to go. You should rest. Here.”
Join me on
know. Jim Moriarty's presence had ruined the best thing that had ever come to him, and now, there was no one and nothing to use as leverage against him. Moriarty had made one fatal mistake.
John couldn't bring himself to turn and face Sherlock, even though everything inside of him screamed that he had to leave. He didn't want to see Sherlock spiral down the same maddening abyss as Harry had. It had killed him, watching her try to crawl out of a hole that just kept getting deeper and deeper, until she was buried in her own despair and a mountain of drugs and alcohol to make up for it. He couldn't watch that happen again.
," John growled, and Sherlock noted that he was resisting the urge to grab his hair and pull, which was synonymous to the involuntary eye spasm John developed when frustrated.
are mad."
Outside, the rain fell down in thick sheets and Holmes gestured to a parked town car at the kerb; nothing fancy, just a discreet, black vehicle that John sighed in relief at. Holmes held the door open for him, features still pinched in annoyance, and John slid in, scooting as far away from the man as the small space allowed.
"So, no video games?"
John nodded, and cleared his throat again, lips pursed. He rubbed his damp hands over his trousers and started over. “Look, I—I was actually looking to apply. Locum work, perm… anything at this point,” he said, running a trembling hand through his hair. “I’ve not had much luck since I’ve set foot back on English soil.”
He searched through several empty cabinets until he finally found the tea. "Got it," he called back.
A long-fingered hand circled around his waist, slow and dauntless, skirting up his chest and pulling him back into a solid body. "I'm not in the habit of lowering myself to asinine proverbial phrases, regarding the likelihood of burning yourself, whilst playing with fire, Mr. Watson. I'm quite certain you're intelligent enough to know what you're doing."
Sherlock wrapped the rope around John's wrists until there was a foot of length left to hold. Sherlock took this and wrapped it around his own fist like a lead.
He handled John with such mastery, like clay under a potter’s hand. John would be hard-pressed to disobey any command. The ferocity of his desire was overwhelming. John whimpered and pressed into Sherlock's touch, aching for the soft cradle of the alpha's hand.
John was turned on his side, facing the back of the couch and felt a long, slim body slip in behind him, wrapping wiry arms around his waist lightly. He sighed, relaxing back into Sherlock's warm body, feeling too sleepy to do anything but grunt in quiet acknowledgment.
Fortunately for John, there was a clinic not too far from the local shelter that offered check ups and blood tests for people like him. He can remember when he'd wanted to be a surgeon, and help save lives, but now it was all a pipe dream. After the death of John's parents, the weight of their debt settled over him like a dark, inescapable void, sucking up any and all hope of making a life for himself. Any money John made 'legally' would immediately go towards the debt of his late parents.
Sherlock's thumb came up to follow the line of John's cheekbone, his lips close enough to touch John's. “I know.”
Holmes kept his private life as far from the media as possible. There was nothing much to be uncovered about him, besides the public record of his parentage and one sibling. His mother and father, as it appeared, had been small time actors, yet managed to amass quite a fortune from various business ventures and investments mainly in theatre, the inheritance of which they'd passed down to their two sons. The brother, Mycroft Holmes, led just as secretive a lifestyle if not more than Sherlock Holmes. Not much was known about the elder brother other than that he occupied a minor position in the British Government.
Her blue eyes caught his briefly, and there was a tiny smile at the corner of her lips. She was stunning, undoubtedly, but even so, his eyes kept drifting back to Lady Grey behind the bars. He didn’t watch as the blonde and the red-headed woman began to tango around the stage with their respective partners.
The wolf sauntered forward, sniffing at the ground surrounding John, and circled until he came to flank his right side, his least dominant hand. Sherlock was guarding his weak side.
“So… we were together?” Sherlock nodded, staring at the clipping of them still held in his hands. “So does that make me… am I…?”
Sherlock stood close, looming over John with impressive skill; close enough that if he wanted to lean over for a kiss, he’d only have to bend just a few inches. John shoved his hands in his coat and rocked back on his heels in a way that was more himself than Lady Grey, but by that moment, it was all only a costume. There was only one way left in which to bare himself to Sherlock.
John was staring at him cautiously from beneath furrowed brows, eyes still bleary from sleep, right cheek streaked with pillow lines and temptingly rumpled. It was impossible not to drink him in. Whenever it came to John, Sherlock found his self-control flying out the window along with any feelings of animosity he harboured when not in the younger man’s presence.
The interior was drowning in opulence, all rich, black leather, and state-of-the-art technology. The man across from him was dressed in another tailored suit; crisp, straight lines and a forbidding expression. Mycroft was different from Sherlock in almost every way, except the eyes.  The brothers shared that cool, calculating gaze that zeroed in with the uncanny ability to see through any façade.
Jim had been his very first submissive, whom he’d met through Irene. By that time, Holmes Pharmaceuticals had been going strong for two years and Sherlock felt comfortable enough in his work to also pursue his darker indulgences on the side.
The hardest part was over. He’d thought that getting John out of the bedsit would be a challenge, but it had proved simple. He needn’t have to waste time wondering if that night was the one John decided to end it all. And Sherlock would be up all night listening for every little creak from the room.
Sherlock had been surprised when they’d arrived at John’s modest flat and the man pulled him to the bedroom. Had Sherlock known what John wore underneath the innocuous shirt and the denims, he didn’t think he would have been able to sit through dinner. Then, he’d unhurriedly stripped to reveal a black corset that shaped his body and little black knickers with the usual—but never tiring—garter belts attached to matte black stockings with lace around the top.
At five, John got up and made tea for one and a slice of toast for a lonely breakfast in the kitchen. The house was eerily silent without Sherlock's usual noise, besides the shift and creak of the old building settling. The man was usually flouncing around the flat at that hour, and if John happened to be staying over, Sherlock would be making as much noise as humanly possible in an effort to wake all of bloody London.
“What are they going to do? Stab me with their candle snuffers?”
John nodded and came to stand beside Sherlock, gently plucking the photo from his fingers. John and Irene after his first performance, holding up matching pints at some bar they’d all packed into. He was a bit younger then, but save for a few new wrinkles, John would like to think he was the same person in the picture.
"Oh, don't be so dull, John. You enjoyed it, you find me attractive, no—don't bother with a useless refutation," Holmes cut in when John opened his mouth to argue. "I hired you because I need an assistant I can tolerate longer than a minute, and you seem to have come the closest to that besides Janine. Never mind that you accepted the job despite the obvious carnal attraction between us. In fact, Watson, you
Sherlock's face was grim, and his pale eyes, a twin pair of hard, cold pearls. "Unintentionally, yes. However, they do not know of our specific location, yet, and we won't be staying long enough for them to find out."
Holmes tilted his lips indulgently at the younger man, eyes skimming over John's face with impossible comprehension. "You're thinking quite loudly."
Holmes arched a brow, a devilish gleam in his pale eyes, and John knew the only thing he could say was—
When they were close enough to touch, Ella let him go and John went to stand by Sherlock, surprised when the man placed a possessive hand on the small of his back. "John and I must be on our way," Sherlock stated by way of explanation. "We have a reservation to keep."
Why was Sherlock helping him; the man who had shown the most aggression towards his presence? What was Sherlock expecting to get out of accompanying John on a potentially suicidal mission? In the short time John had known Sherlock, he didn't take him to be a particularly altruistic man.
In the kitchen, John was standing at the hob, hovering over a pot of boiling noodles and a pan of bubbling tomato sauce.
Sherlock shrugged, struggling to keep his face impassive, though John noticed the tightness at the corners of his eyes. “A few months, perhaps.”
So it hadn't been a dream, then? John really had called Sherlock after drinking his sobriety away at The Watch House, and passed out in the man's bed. The smell of stale semen and his lack of clothes also told him that the second half of the night hadn't been an illusion, either.
As they entered into the room from before, John could feel the ripple of tension as well as a few notable glares from some of the other wolves. Victor, in particular, sat sulking on the couch, legs and arms crossed as he evaluated John closely with disdainful scrutiny. If looks could kill, well, John would be puddle of viscera on the floor.
Abruptly, Sherlock swept back to the chair, assuming his hawk-like perch in his seat, long, lean legs pulled up to his chin. “The pack and Mrs. Hudson will be leaving with you. Lestrade will assume the role as Alpha in my stead, until I arrive. Any business that needs to be discussed can be taken up with him until that time.”
The stairs were cold under his feet, but Greg ignored it in lieu of focusing all of his attention on not making a sound. Sherlock had ears like a bat.
“Nothing can go wrong tonight, and you know we have the worst luck on opening night, the two of us.”
The phone rang loudly into the ensuing silence, pulling John out of his violent reverie. He had been thinking of ways he could hide Holmes's body, right after he strangled him.
“So I'm assuming you
John couldn't pretend he wasn't pleased, not when he couldn't wipe the silly grin off his lips and get his heart to stop trying to escape his chest.
"Third floor, down two halls, take a left to the dead end corridor. John needs medical attention, now, Lestrade," Sherlock rattled off, dropping the phone as Lestrade raised his voice on the other end.
Sherlock cupped a hand around the nape of John’s neck, caressing up the side with his thumb. The skin there was still warm with his fading blush. John raised his head to meet his stare, pupils still dilated, irises the color of seawater during a storm, dark and murky. Sherlock smiled, his gaze flitting around John’s face, storing all the little signs of contentment and pleasure. John was beautiful when he was happy, and Sherlock vowed to do his best to keep him that way.
John was in Afghanistan getting shot at. What hope did Sherlock have that he would return to England, to London, just for him?
“There’s no place in London I wouldn’t be able to find you, John,” he murmured, closing the gap between them until John was either forced to step back or surrender. Sherlock was sincerely hoping for the latter, because any kind of insubordination from John was liable to set him off.
John shook his head, fingers itching to be buried back in that wild nest of curls. “That was amazing, I mean, what you did with the…”
“Pop.”
"You're doing very well, John," Sherlock stated, voice rougher than usual, aroused. Benevolent fingers carded through his hair at the uttered praise, and John could feel the unease seep from the lines of his body, along with Sherlock as he pulled away. "I've one more request." A pause. "While you are not allowed to speak, I would also advise you not to muffle any noise you may want to make. I want to hear it all." The words were breathy and filled with so much meaning, the implications sent shards of want stabbing through John's gut.
Fifteen minutes, give or take, and they pulled up to the kerb. Sherlock paid the cabbie and let himself into 221, shouting a quick greeting at Mrs Hudson’s open door.
a surprise was the absolutely scathing glare Sherlock shot John once he'd caught a glimpse of his cozy snuggle on the couch with Sarah. It was completely opposite of what it looked like, and not the first time they'd slumped on the couch together in that same fashion, but for some reason, John felt as if he'd been caught red-handed.
Sherlock pulled his head back, a wrinkle forming on the bridge of his nose as he wrinkled it. “How so? Obviously we work well together, we have chemistry, and the sex is fantastic. Why would it be a bad idea?”
When John catches the candy, he eyes it curiously, then places his lips round it, but Sherlock is impatient, because all he wants is for John to, "Bite it, you have to
Sherlock didn’t bother knocking this time. A quick press of his ear to the door confirmed the hum of air flowing through the room’s ventilator; he could feel the gentle vibrations of it through the door. Inside, John’s bedsprings creaked and groaned, grating and metallic as he shifted on the mattress. A soft groan. Sherlock doubted there would be anyone else in the room. The last time they’d spoken, John hadn’t looked fit for company. He was sure much hadn’t changed in the short time that had passed. Night terrors, then, or just restless sleeping. Neither would be uncommon for a man recently discharged from the army.
A spotlight appeared on a tall, blonde woman in little but rags. She grasped the bars, thrusting her body towards them.
Whatever happened, Sherlock had a feeling that this wouldn't be the last he would see of John Watson.
with me. Me - Jim,
"Oh, so your shoddy logic tells you we should go gallivanting in there with a madman,
Molly whimpered, high-pitched squeaks that made John’s cock ache with want. Warm breaths puffed at the corner of his mouth, and John cracked open his eyes from where his tongue was buried in Molly’s pussy, instantly mesmerized by what he saw. Holmes hovered over Molly’s clit, peering up at her as his tongue darted out to tease her swollen nub.
Abruptly, it dawned on John what the alpha was attempting to do. Sherlock wanted him to surrender, to bare his belly and submit, but John Watson never took such a thing lightly, and he certainly wasn't going to hand a victory to this wanker.
,” John said more to himself than to Sherlock. “What a way to live a life.”
When John flinched away and made to back towards the door, Sherlock exhaled sharply at the sensation that the cold pane of glass inspired across his skin. "Not you, John. You stay. Billy, go home and don't come back until I call for you."
It wasn't a promise or declaration of love, but it was more than John had ever expected from Sherlock. The man seemed surprised with himself and John couldn't blame him. Who knew Sherlock could be so chatty?
Janine flashed him a grateful smile and bumped a slender shoulder softly into John’s. "Sure you want to go in there with me? Could get ugly."
They were sitting on the bench in front of John’s vanity—well, Sherlock was, anyway. John was a solid weight on his lap, all slick flesh and see-through garments. It didn’t take long to have those knees hooked around his and creamy thighs splayed obscenely as he helped John to remove his make-up.
Sally rolled her eyes and slapped Anderson on the chest with the back of her hand. Anderson jumped, wounded, and rubbed the affected area with a grumble. “I'm just telling him the truth. We've been careful; this isn't our doing!”
"Of course."
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand. “I’m fine here.”
John could feel the tips of his ears blooming with heat and knew they were flushed a deep rose colour. "I was informed-"
He itched to text John, to know that he was still safely ensconced in 221B and would be there when Sherlock returned.
“I think we both know what an idiotic question that is, John. Surely,” Sherlock said slowly, stopping to flick his eyes down and then up John's body in an engulfing motion that spoke far louder than any words. “I don't have to spell it out for you.”
Damaged. Of course he was damaged, the fool. What had he been thinking, going to Afghanistan in the first place? There were other places he could have gone to get away from Sherlock, ones where he wouldn’t spend his time getting shot at.
"It's him."
“Julia, you’ve had your say. Let me speak,” Rupert forged on with calm authority. “Your mother and I aren’t sure what made you run off to some dreadful desert, but I believe you owe it to us to provide an explanation,” here he turned to his wife. “And we owe it to him to listen.”
“John-”
for the latest news and updates about all of my WIPs and future stories. You miss a little, you miss a lot. Just saying.
“Please—please, don't let him—”
Suddenly, it was all too much and Sherlock was drowning in John’s scent, freefalling in a way he never had before. He needed to retreat, to reign himself in or else he’d fall headfirst into this addiction like he had every other, but in such a way that was ten times as worse.
, he didn’t say. He was feverish and desperate, standing on the brink of something life-altering with this extraordinary man that could get his heart pumping like a locked-room mystery. Sherlock was ready to face this head on, to spread John open and
As the door closed behind the waiter, the lights in the room dimmed, and the crackle of a record playing transferred over the speakers.
Irene stomped her foot, which made John snort. Which in turned caused her to throw a fancy, embroidered pillow at his head. He grabbed it and snuggled it under his head, smiling at her aggrieved sigh. “John Watson, you owe me for life,” she hissed.
Murray stared at the photo of John, unsure, and tore his eyes away briefly to meet Sherlock's steady gaze with his own uncertain one. “Wait, so my enlistment date changing… the earlier date and all,  that was you?”
“Not much at all it seems, going by the state of your eyes,” Sherlock commented, refusing to relinquish his hold on John. If anything, Sherlock's eyes narrowed suspiciously. “You didn't sleep until hours after I'd gone.”
Jasper’s shoulders fell and he turned to regard his uncle with weary eyes. “Uncle Mycroft,” he greeted enthusiastically, his eyes glued to the pavement.
his world, and without his world, there was no place for Sherlock to go.
His advance was slow, cautious, and Sherlock was riveted to his every step. Curiously, the moment seemed to play out in slow motion. While logically, Sherlock understood that space and time were absolute, the relativity of such principles were rendered moot in the face of everything that was happening in that tiny bit of room between himself and John.
Sherlock had known that it would only be a matter of time before Mycroft would want to meet John. He’d called Sherlock the day that he and John were published in the papers, but Sherlock had staunchly ignored his calls. Of course that wouldn't have deterred his brother, but Sherlock would have held off the meeting for a better time if he could, which would have been never if he had his way.
Jesus, John was so sore...
a drama queen, and Mike," John swung around to where his friend's eyes were just snapping back up, a flush of embarrassed horror creeping up at the sight of Sherlock's genitals flapping about. The wanker hadn't even bothered to wear clothes. "Give us a mo' and then you can ask Sherlock all the questions you want."
to come into his flat and take John away? Sherlock was going to take him to the morgue, but he wanted time first. Now, John had just been snatched away.
"Oh shut it, Rupert! I missed my son, and I will smother him as much as I like!" She threw a fiery glare at her husband, though there was no true ire behind her eyes, and John found himself chuckling at their antics. He really had missed his parents.
With every movement of his arms, John hadn't noticed the robe slipping from his arms, but Sherlock certainly didn't miss it. The man was eye-fucking John to within an inch of his life, phone damn near forgotten in his hands.
Sherlock's grin grew wider, then faded the longer he stared back, not grave, but serious none-the-less. "You are unlike anyone I've ever had the fortune of meeting," Sherlock said, finally putting words to his mysterious thoughts. "You've every reason to run screaming and yet... you want more."
With no warning, a sudden all-encompassing warmth had descended over his erection, slick and tight. Fuck, there was no mistaking those lips as they wrapped round him in one fell swoop.
"John!"
Bemused, John raised his eyebrows in askance, knowing that Sherlock's peripheral vision was exemplary.
ever understood what Sherlock wanted.
… ugh. The only thing that came to mind with that horrendous word were terribly written Mills and Boon publications that lacked inspiration and originality.
John extended his hand, minutely surprised at the strength of Angelo’s grip, though he kept his smile up nonetheless. “Pleasure to meet you.”
John followed without hesitation, until his head fit comfortably into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm sorry," John replied tremulously, though he didn't know exactly what he was apologizing for.
Sherlock tilted his chin up the slightest bit and narrowed his eyes challengingly, waiting for her to make the move. “Nasty naughty boy. Naughty boy.”
John sighed and folded his arms over his chest.
Didn't quite cover their level of correspondence, but the word could mean a vast array of definitions without inciting much curiosity. Sherlock wasn't hard pressed to add a label to what he shared with John. No one else need know what they did behind closed doors.
Join me on
“God, yes,” John hissed, his fingernails scratching down Sherlock’s shirtless back. “Please.” He needed to come so badly, needed to see Sherlock come and those pretty eyes flutter shut in ecstasy.
John was deliberately taunting him, waiting for Sherlock to lash out or react in a desired fashion. Sherlock was aching, and at this point, he would do just about anything to have John inside of him.
Jasper was the first to recover, yelling over his shoulder to wait a moment while he went to go collect his jacket, leaving the two of them alone rather unexpectedly.
He took the tube to Picadilly Circus and began from there. Most saw the cane first and directed him to a chair where they brought him an application, much to his embarrassment. He saw the scepticism they regarded him with, but did his best to ignore it and fill out the application along with one of the copies he’d printed of his CV.
With his heart in his throat, John pushed past him, eschewing Sherlock's attempt to pull him back. “John.”
John whimpered, and Sherlock lowered his nose to the soft crown of hair, feeling the silken strands tickle his cheeks, wet from Sherlock's tears.
“Can't imagine why,” John commented blandly, and the man sighed.
Meet me on
Jasper smiled, closing the distance until there was just a foot of space between them. “Wow,” he said wondrously, rocking back on his heels for a moment, hands tucked in his pocket. “I thought I'd never see you in London again. When did you get back?”
John blushed, watching his friend's lips wrap around the little white stick, wishing he could feel if they were soft or dry, smooth or rough, how they would feel against his own. The two of them had been knowing each other since the beginning of their Juniors, but hadn't really talked much until they began Secondary. They took most of the same classes together, and while Jasper was already eighteen, John was a few months from reaching his majority and leaving school to hopefully pursue a military career.
Sherlock ran his hands down and around John's thighs and pushed them up, so they spread wide around the brunet's narrow hips and bent at the knees.
John who had been listening quietly stepped forward to comfort his friend, it was Sherlock who stopped him with a sharp look.
Sherlock's hands lovingly caressed his swollen cock and balls, only gripping light enough to tease.
John breathed a sigh of relief. It was just Sarah. He could deal with Sarah. John closed his eyes briefly, before composing a reply.
The thought made his breath stutter and his stomach quiver.
There was so much in the empty space separating them. Words upon words upon words, unsaid. Sherlock didn’t know where to start, so he focused instead on relaxing the tension creeping up his back.
“I-,” he started, hesitant, and Sherlock turned to him fully, now, with piqued interest. “I was just thinking of how we barely made it out of there. How close I came to death... again.”
John released Sherlock's cock and bypassed it to take Sherlock's balls in his mouth, one finger wandering boldly to trace the seam of his perineum. Sherlock bucked and abruptly came into John's mouth, his back bowing away from the bed in a graceful arch. God, he was beautiful.
Jasper nodded, falling onto the vacant couch in a sloppy manner, looking for all the world like he'd just taken a run around Richmond Park. "Yeah, dad had a case he had to run off too, or something to that effect." Jasper sat up, pulling his legs into his body as he observed John, who was currently surveying the room with a bit of wonder. "So, did your mum say you could stay over?"
“Speak for yourself next time, then.”
who was gracious enough to help me make this a better story. I hope that you all enjoy this new chapter and also, the Sherlock Special, then after we can have a Johnlock hell after party together :)
There was a vibration against his stomach, an intermittent hum against his shirt, the same one from the night before.
"Mr. Watson, time is not on your side," Mycroft bit out impatiently, pulling John from his internal struggle with a clipped locution.
,” Sherlock hissed, shooting out of his chair. “Now, back to why you're here. We seem to have attracted the attention of the hunters, and we need a place to lie low for a while. I was thinking your estate in Sussex.”
“Now would be a good time to shut up, Jim,” Sherlock growled, not looking away.
“One man in particular only wanted us to bring each other off by hand. It’s not as gratifying as oral or penetration, but we were pressed for time, and I hadn't fucked in months,” John recounted. “We often didn't have the luxury of lube, so if we had to use our spit, then needs must.” John kept his eyes locked with Sherlock's as he brought his hand up to face level and laved along line of saliva up his palm and fingers. Sherlock made a quiet nose that could have been a whimper, as John grabbed hold of his erection, sighing at the first touch.
Holmes had given him a lot to think about.
John looked away, ashamed, because it was true. Sherlock didn't need coddling, but then why had he done it? If John were honest with himself, he could admit that maybe he'd been a bit frightened of what would happen after. "I thought that-"
yet. Oh, but when it did, Jim was going to giggle with triumph, because then he’d remember why all of this dirty work was so propitious!
It made sense though. Upon his arrival back to London, John could hardly afford rent on his pension alone, so buying enough groceries to sustain a nutritious diet would have been impossible. Man cannot live on tinned beans alone, no matter John’s convictions that he, in fact, could. The sharp angles of his body said otherwise.
It was a sweet torment, this vow of silence, unable to tell Sherlock what he wanted, what John wanted the man to do with him. John could loose himself under Sherlock's meticulous touch, wanted to, but something in the thought of completely surrendering left John startled and breathless.
That, Sherlock didn’t have an answer for. When he’d learned of John’s return via Irene, he’d had time to prepare. Although the confrontation hadn’t gone as planned, Sherlock didn’t know what he would have done had John shown up on his doorstep randomly after six years. Surprised would have been an understatement. Angry would have been an understatement.
“Uh, this is Molly Hooper,” he introduced, the words rising weakly from his throat.
“Julia!” Rupert admonished, startled, at the same time that Sherlock moved to check him for damage, though was halted by a quick glare of warning from John.
Sherlock was throwing items on the bed, but even in the reflection, they disappeared in the folds of the sheets. Finally, Sherlock closed the cupboard and meandered back towards John in a casual stroll that left him more nervous than anything.
Damn the bastard with his stupid charm and pleading eyes, and
No, he couldn't regret the way things turned out,
Gillian growled, positively vibrating with barely restrained fury, "Holmes, you prick!  Carry on, or I'll-"
The text were swiftly replied to, but the call would have to wait. As much as John loved his parents, a long, drawn out conversation about his future was not something he looked forward to after a night of fornication.
Clearing his throat, Sherlock walked across the sitting room until he was standing at the window, pulling the curtains back slightly to look down on Baker Street. Whenever he did that, John always thought of Sherlock as a King surveying his subjects with disdain, a god glaring down upon his creations with a critical eye, but now, it had never been more clear that Sherlock was just a man; a man who was unhappy.
John thought back to the jagged bones and the consuming darkness; Sherlock's omniscient glowing glare piercing through him. "Yes, thank you," he lied, "like a baby."
Onwards to the story!
For a moment, the escort seemed confused by the command, but quickly smothered it with an annoyingly polite smile.
Sherlock smiled in a way that seemed more like dissimulation than reassurance. What was he thinking?
"It's the only way, Sherlock," he whispered, blinking past the tears that muddled his vision."Jasper will come back, and that's all that matters."
"I want him in the room directly across the hall from mine, where I can keep an eye on our guest." Pale, severe eyes flickered over John's body fleetingly, narrowing on his hands where they were still clasped behind his back. John fought the urge to squirm under Sherlock's scrutiny, feeling his face flushing with heat uncomfortably. Maybe he imagined the shift in Sherlock's harsh features that belayed amusement. In the blink of an eye, any emotions the man had displayed were swiftly packed away, and he was once again, an infuriatingly blank canvas.
He did look up then, pale eyes staring back into John’s with restrained fervor. He reached for John's hand as the younger male held his stare with that familiar hint of defiance. John looked away first and Sherlock followed suit afterwards, turning his attention back to the blood sample.
“Yes, well, I had to pull a few strings for this favour. You'll be doing that for the next two weeks, so I do hope you didn't throw them out.” Sherlock was back to looking immaculate in his vicar uniform, save for the blush still high on his cheeks. “Your request was, and I'm paraphrasing, “Do you remember that case you solved the first month I moved into Baker Street, about the murdering clergyman? Can we do that one?””
Sherlock's voice had dropped several octaves when he deigned to speak, his words emerging from the back of his throat. “Touch yourself, John,” he ordered, “where I can see you. Don't stop talking.”
He’d promised no sex, but this was more than sex. This was an awakening and Sherlock was helpless to stop it.
Harry rolled her eyes and turned, wrenching the door open. "Behave, John," she threw over her shoulder, and rushed out the door. Soon after, the sound of the ground floor door opened and slammed, Billy swearing up a storm on the landing.
The music began on the speakers, the tinkling of a piano, before it picked up.
The flat was silent save for the old, rattling radiator and the creaks and groans of wood settling. Outside, traffic was just beginning to pick up and the binmen carrying away the rubbish in the alley below.
The ride there was fairly innocuous and anticipation kept them quiet as they lost themselves in thought, gazing outside their respective windows. The only thing that touched were their little fingers, entwined on the middle seat. That the small touch excited him made John wonder how he would respond to having Sherlock’s soft skin back beneath his hands.
Sherlock was enthralled and ready, but John was not. His thoughts were growing steadily more depraved whenever they turned towards John, he just hadn't realized the extent until that night.
He’d been radiant, and Sherlock—well, Sherlock didn’t much know what he would have done if they were the only two in the room. Lady Grey had been in her element and to pull her out of that would have been a dire misstep on Sherlock’s part.
"Have a seat, John," he said without preamble.
Sherlock stalked to the window, peering down at Baker Street with a solemn frown. The detective addressed John without turning, assuming he already had the younger male's attention. "My brother is bringing Jasper home."
He spun away from John and headed to his desk, grabbing his coat from the back of his chair and swinging it over his shoulders. "John, I need you to have her instructions memorized. You'll be on your own tomorrow."
He didn't know what he was thinking, getting involved with a man like Sherlock. They had almost nothing in common, besides the sex, and there were obviously things that Sherlock didn't want him to know.
At that, John was surprised. Sherlock wasn't a bad man, but he didn't necessarily seem like the altruistic type.
Sherlock jerked him close as John's tongue reached his lips, and as he was particularly brilliant at doing, the wolf devoured him.
A dark, hazy gaze blazed a trail down his body as strong hands gripped John’s hips hard enough to bruise. “You look lovely up there,” Sherlock commented with a thoughtful tilt to his head. Though the motion was speculative, his eyes were wry with flirtatious humour. “Do you ride?”
Before Sherlock realized what he was doing, his hand was reaching forward to grab her waist to stop her from going. Uncertain, Sherlock pulled her in slowly, sure that Lady Grey was allowing him to touch her so thoughtlessly. “Will I see you here again?”
John was suddenly over him, on him, the heat of his arse pushing down on Sherlock's cock. Sherlock sat up and took his mouth in a kiss so unnaturally fervent, sucking on John's tongue like lemon drops.
Fortunately, Mike took the hint, and they quickly changed topics to something silently agreed upon. Mike spoke of his impending internship, while John 'hm'ed and chimed in at all the right times.
would have been a
John thought, furious with himself, with Jim Moriarty, with Sherlock. He felt sick and angry, and the two didn't mix well because John didn't know if he was going to vomit or yell at Sherlock. The man was scrutinizing  him closely, his fingertips pressed together just under his chin.
John took his proffered hand delicately. When he answered, he pitched his voice a register higher. “Thank you for coming to the show, Mr Stamford. You should know that I’ve been getting Melody into all sorts of trouble round here. She’s becoming quite the cheeky one.” Honestly, the woman could argue a point to the death, and give a queen a run for her money when it came to wit and charm.
Holmes didn't notice him until John came to stand uncomfortably next to the table, at which point, the man's long, thin fingers paused their movement. The owner of said appendages looked up slowly, features laden in pure annoyance.
“Put your clothes on. Get out,” Sherlock ordered, wrapping his gown around himself and tying it off with quick, sharp movements.
The first weeks, John had tried Jasper's mobile repeatedly, against Sherlock's advice. Sometimes five times a day he would attempt to call or text, until one day he'd received a message that the phone had been disconnected. Afterwards, John had locked himself in the bathroom for over an hour, feeling desolate and at a loss of what to do. He'd slumped down the wall and hung his head between his knees, practicing breathing exercises and trying to hold back the well of tears.
"John Watson," John introduced himself, taking Victor's hand in a firm grip. As they let go, Victor cast his eyes down John's front with a critical eye, though his face didn't lose any of its gentleness. "You're quite fit. I could do a lot with
“Show me,” Sherlock wanted to say, to plead. “Show me the way to eternal bliss.” Instead, John opened his legs to him, and Sherlock had no doubt that he’d found what he’d been seeking for years. John parted his inviting lips and Sherlock fell into them with the unrepentant intent to partake to his heart's desire. Full lips merged with his own and Sherlock passed his hand eagerly over robust planes and pale flesh, yet to be marked. He needed this.
It wasn't the smartest thing to say to a man holding the life of his partner in hand, to which John rolled his eyes exasperatedly, but the threat would get him talking.
At around noon, the telltale signs of light steps and creaking wood alerted Sherlock to a new presence ascending to the flat.
Sherlock's eyes shot up at that, his spine straightening. Mycroft was going to take John away from him. "He knows."
The heavy steel door being unbolted and pulled open was what dragged John from a light doze. His body ached in discomfort from the taut position he'd slept in. The blond squinted against the torchlight being shown directly into his eyes, one hand slowly coming up, palm facing outwards in a weak defense against the assault on his vision.
John stopped, feeling the table wobble beneath him, and stared cautiously up at Sherlock. Ebony curls stood up in a mess of chaotic tangles, and Sherlock's eyes were bright and feverish as his deft fingers worked to unlatch his belt. "Um, I don't think the table is-,"
Sherlock snickered, earning himself a mullish glare from John before he took pity and reached over to help. “Honestly, John. I was under the impression you were of—at the very least—average intelligence. Perhaps I overestimated.”
John swallowed around the lump in his throat, feeling caught up on a tide of emotions he wasn't all that used to experiencing. "He'll be angry."
That was all she needed to hear before the woman clamped a hand over her mouth and gasped into it.
This was nothing like the night before, where the sex had been soft and passionate. John didn't see soft and brittle emotions in Sherlock's gaze anymore. It was the promise of pain and pleasure, primal lust and rough sex. That was the side Sherlock only showed John glimpses of throughout the day, the flickering flame that never died, the side of Sherlock that always lurked just beneath. That was the man that would take John upstairs, strip him, debase him, and then dominate him.
Instead of answering, the wolf issued a low rumble. Non-threatening, but nonetheless a warning to make no more enquiries on the subject.
Sherlock stopped speaking, only long enough to squeeze a dollop of the clear, viscous liquid onto his fingers . "You appeared much as you do now," Sherlock purred, lowering his lubed digits to trace the fissure of his arse from the top to his perineum. John pushed up into the hand, his eyelids fluttering beneath the onslaught of Sherlock's careful touch.
Sherlock glared at Anderson until the smaller male backed down, eyes falling to his feet in shamed deference. He relaxed slightly, before shrugging off the hand on his shoulder as he turned his glower onto Lestrade.
John persuaded Sherlock to take a cab back to the flat, taking into account the twitching fingers and dilated pupils. He didn't want to wait for the driver to come, and though Sherlock wondered aloud of John’s aversion to being driven around in his personal car, Sherlock thankfully let it be.
relationship dwindled until her visits stopped altogether.
Sherlock didn't elaborate any further and John didn't push him to, realizing that the man had just divulged something private about himself, and John was hesitant to pry. It was clear that Sherlock was having trouble expressing his thoughts and to push him, John figured, would be insensitive. His curiosity could wait.
In the other room, John coughed, the death rattle, it was called. It rang of permanency and inevitability. Sherlock didn't want John's last hours, minutes, seconds to be of a dusty ceiling and phlegmy hacks.
When he looked up, Sherlock was just raising his forehead from his forearm and reaching to pull his trousers closed. “I assume this was satisfactory for you?”
Sherlock's hands skimmed up his ribs and up and up and up until his large hands cupped the firm globes of John's arse cheeks in both hands, and surged up, pulling John's cock into his throat with admirable suction. The edges of John's vision blurred white until his eyes slipped closed, squeezing as his orgasm punched through his body like a particularly violent, but satisfying rugby match. John's hips rocked forward as Sherlock's throat convulsed around his pulsing erection.
“...shivers down my spine. Body’s aching all the time. Goodbye, everybody…” The song tapered off into a hum as the notes ramped higher.
“What, Sherlock? A little room, please,” he growled under his breath. Unless Sherlock wanted to talk about what was happening, John didn't have the patience for him.
John stopped breathing, along with the others in the room, until all of Sherlock's words became a jumble of slurred syllables he could no longer comprehend. The only thing he could get his eyes to focus on, was the bobbing of Sherlock's Adam's apple as he continued to speak.
"Sherlock, I've come to speak with you on matters of high import, if you will put away your toys and come to the lounge room." The man's nasally voice grated irritatingly on the ears, and John suddenly had a spark of insight as he realized just who exactly was standing before him.
John turned to her, shaking his head. “No, actually.”
John pulled out his phone and read the new message from Sarah, once again ignoring the knot in his throat at the lack of communication from Sherlock.
The thought that he could be just another conquest for Sherlock was what ate at John. Although he loved being the focus of Sherlock's attention, felt ingratiated by it, John couldn't help but wonder why. Though they had only had penetrative sex once, just the memory of it left him with chills, and he wondered if it was the same for Sherlock. John couldn't stop thinking of what it felt like to have someone inside of him.
Sherlock snarled at the thought of how long he’d been waiting. No, Mycroft could try, but Sherlock knew his brother better than anyone else. He often forgot that Sherlock had eyes and ears of his own, and the necessary resources to bribe anyone he so chose. Not even Mycroft’s own “thoroughly vetted” staff were immune to the siren call of money. Dangle a few hundred pounds here, a well-disguised but decipherable threat to line that offer, and the promise of more where that came from, and Sherlock held the strings to Mycroft’s puppets.
Eventually, hands began to pull him away, and Sherlock let them, because the medics had the equipment he didn't, and even if it felt like his chest was tearing itself apart, Sherlock let them take John away on the stretcher.
Reaching forward, Sherlock balanced on one hand and massaged John’s needy prick through his trousers. “Six years is a long time to go without any sort of stimulation,” Sherlock began, observing the way John’s eyes widened with fear and suspicion.
John sat up from his slumped position and crossed his arms over his chest, brows furrowed as he struggled to put all these mixed feelings into a sentence that would convey his concerns properly. "Holmes is a very intense man, and there's something about him that's a bit odd, I just can't quite put my finger on it..."
Things continued to decline in the weeks following, to no surprise of John, until things finally came to a head one evening.
John blinked once, and then again, slowly, clearing his thoughts. "Really, I'm fine on the couch, and besides, I don't really sleep much throughout the night. I wouldn't want to wake you or anything."
. He would have to get up in two hours anyway, so any hope of sleep was a wasted wish.
Molly’s movements grew erratic until she was fucking herself desperately on John’s cock as Holmes tongued her clit. Her ample chest heaved as she gasped out her pleasure, damp back plastered to the front of John’s chest as her orgasm rocked through her.
"...buggering hell," John grumbled, turning over and pulling the sheets over his head. God, when did his sheets get so comfortable, John wondered as he wiggled in toes and nuzzled down into his pillow. It smelled like drool, but that was fine, he'd just flip it over.
John plucked the note from Sherlock and unfolded it.
Sherlock smirked, but the fluttering in his stomach intensified. The room was getting warmer, and Sherlock didn't know if it was the proximity to the Alpha or his own body, possibly both. A bead of sweat swelled at his hairline, and he watched helplessly, as the Alpha tracked its progress down Sherlock's temple with an intense gaze.
It was just as well that the mirror was perfectly placed.
Sherlock hadn't been more elated than when he’d been presented with a John donning a bespoke suit that hugged his subtle curvature like a glove. Sherlock refused to leave the flat without a taste, and like a good boy, John gave it to him, spoiling him with luscious kisses and swollen red lips descending to his cock.
It was all over.
Sherlock released the towel he still held and wrapped large hands around the nape of John's neck, pulling him forward with the leverage. This was no light, tentative peck, but a hard demanding clash of lips and teeth all coming together to send John's brain into a momentary relapse.
John’s held lolled against his shoulder, mouth wide open, so Sherlock made good use of it. John clamped his lips over Sherlock’s fingers readily, sucking them in until the tips nearly touched the back of his throat. He gagged messily, saliva running down his chin as Sherlock hooked two fingers on the back of his tongue.
Jasper continued on, wincing as his shoes crunched loudly over broken glass. For a moment, he froze as did the other noise in the building. They had heard.
Sherlock was off of him in the time it took John to blink, and standing by the bed as he discarded his clothes. Those pale eyes stared down at John as if he were the work of art in the room, entirely possessive and incomprehensibly deep. “Take off your clothes,” Sherlock demanded, and John obeyed mindlessly. Then he was watching Sherlock watch him undress until Sherlock's gaze dropped to John's bobbing cock as it sprang from the confines of his pants.
Sherlock slid out of him carefully and hastily unbuckled John's restraints, working first at his ankles and then his arms. Sherlock had one arm around the middle of his back and the other releasing him from the last of his bonds so that he wouldn't fall.
Molly walked over and laid a hand on his shoulder. “Thanks for a good time.”
"Anything in particular?"
“...erlock, all right?” Stamford. Sherlock had forgotten about him.
1, 2, 3, 4,
When he disembarked, his father politely said his goodbyes to the stranger and quickly walked over, beaming all the way.
Sherlock turned his narrowed eyes to her, already having forgotten her presence in the room.
“That I did,” Mycroft nodded. “Your father is here.”
The café decor was festive and bright, while the waiters skirted around the room in white aprons. The music was low and subtle, nothing like the thumping, brassy sounds of the cabaret at top attendance, and the crowd was less rowdy.
” Puppy whispered, and it was so fun to watch the rusty gears in his little mind turn and turn.
Mycroft hummed his agreement, accepting a polite nod from Lestrade, as well as returning one, before he sauntered across the room to sit cross-legged on the chair across from his brother.
Jasper pulled off his glasses and placed them on his bedside table, turning his head slightly as the door downstairs opened and closed. Probably his dad leaving.
Slowly, as quietly as he could, John opened the drawer next to him, knowing it was where Sherlock kept the knives. Easy access.
She sat up and the men transferred her to their shoulders. “There may come a time when a hard-boiled employer thinks you're… awful nice!”
John sighed, but did as he was told. Everything came off, pants included, and Sherlock did the same until they were both stood naked and vulnerable before one another. John went to the bed first, followed closely by Sherlock, and lay on his side facing the other man.
“I'm sorry, whose idea was all this?” Sherlock rolled his eyes, though they were gleaming with glee when they connected with John's reverent stare.
Sherlock was looming and John couldn't remember seeing the man move at all, but suddenly there was an inch of space between them and John couldn't be strong with Sherlock so close.
Sherlock moved, and the sound of something tearing gave him pause.
Sherlock closed the door behind them, and as the lock clicked into place, so did the gravity of the moment.
John gawked. "How
John would have to tell Mike that he wouldn't be joining him in the flat he'd be moving to once he began his internship at Bart's. Sarah wouldn't be pleased about not being able to see John as often, but he didn't think he could return to London, at least, not for a while.
Sherlock shrugged, sipping his tea in lieu of a response. The last time he brought someone to Victor for a commission, it hadn't gone as well as planned. Jim hadn't been anyone's favourite. “Yes, well, if you must know, I met John through my company.”
“How about this,” John began, placing the spoon on a serviette beside the hob. “I'll eat the risotto and you can eat the spaghetti.”
In Victor’s studio, Sherlock watched as Victor took John's measurements, his mind attempting to skirt around the volley of inappropriate thoughts forcing their way to the fore as he studied the curved line of John's back through his shirt.
Upon entry, the place looked like any flat building; entry hall on the ground floor, a set of stairs leading up to the first floor, and a door just behind the staircase that led to the basement. He opened it and entered.
The further Greg walked from the flat, the less he felt the heady tension that enveloped the place and the occupants therein.
Were it anyone else, Sherlock would have sneered at them, called them weak, and he didn’t have to wonder that it was exactly what Mycroft thought of him.
John’s lower lip caught the towel as it brushed across, then released alluringly to reveal a mouth the colour of cherry blossoms. Sherlock skimmed his lips up to the underside of John’s jaw as he dropped the towel in the bowl where it turned the water a rosy shade.
Jasper, most likely sensing his discomfort, cut his conversation short with Angelo.
"The results," he enquired.
As he winked, John could see Miss Vicky glance at him in his peripheral vision, then shift back to Sherlock, before a slow smile pushed out her dimples again.
Sherlock pulled away and stood up, though that infuriating smirk never left his lips. "Maybe I will keep you," he murmured quietly, considering John in a way that sent a shock of wakefulness to his libido.
“Rub your hands up my thighs,” Sherlock began, stomach clenching as John obeyed without hesitation. Devastation loomed closer with every drag nearer of those agile hands to his hardness. John’s tongue, pink and perfect and wet, swept across his lips as he leaned forward, breathing cool breath over the warm slick tip of his cock.
“Good,” Sherlock said, stuffing down the urge to roll his eyes as his assistant fumbled to gather his papers. “Then this meeting is adjourned. Good afternoon.”
-Take me to Church by Hozier
When they pulled apart to breathe Sherlock's mellifluous voice filtered through the haze of desire, coated with lust and fervency. "You've no idea the things I want to do to you. I would have you right here," he moaned, pushing his groin against John's.
He’d chosen his best tailored suit, the one that often received lingering looks. Although Sherlock wasn’t the best source when it came to analyzing human emotions, he knew the ins and outs of attraction, and he was no blushing virgin when it came to sex. John was not his first spontaneous fling, but he was the most unusual one. And he was, by far, one of the more extraordinary individuals he’d ever had the pleasure of meeting.
"John," Sherlock prompted, "take what you want." His words were washed in sensuality, low, without a hint of reluctance or regret. Sherlock knew what he wanted, and he was offering it up on a silver platter.
A tumble of lazy, grey clouds emerged from Sherlock's lips in a scintillating display. Between the tendrils of smoke, his opalescent gaze never wavered from John's, brazenly revealing his desire. "And if I told you to leave it?"
He closed his eyes against the wave of thoughts battering his brain and waited for the nausea to pass. He shook his head to clear his mind and blinked until the heavy slide of his lids lifted the fog and he could focus again.
"You want to fuck me," Sherlock hissed against John's lips, unable to still his hips where they met John's over and over, sending jolts of pleasure up his spine. "Stop stalling and
John's breath hitched in his throat, leaning back to place room between himself and his captor, feeling as defenseless as a newborn under this stranger's imposing gaze, feeling flayed as the other man laid out every incident leading up to now without John having said a word.
Ugh. Mycroft would be insufferable after this.
As he passed the bed, John ran a hand across the sheets, the silk nestling between his fingers like liquid. He longed to lay upon it. The wood was smooth to the touch, perfectly even and probably worth more than the sum of all that he owned.
Sherlock echoed him, thrusting hard enough to smack the headboard against the wall, deaf to the pounding on the other side of the wall and the yell for them to quiet down. He was on the brink of something great and John was bucking back into every push, hissing as Sherlock struck his prostate with unerring accuracy.
“Oh give me that hot, sweet, nasty; Boy don't you make me wait!”
Holmes stood and John followed, struggling to keep his wandering gaze on Holmes' face. It was a hard thing to accomplish when those legs went on for days.
John again.
“However, that can wait for the moment, I think,” Sherlock said, pushing his fingers across the table to graze across John's knuckles. A shot of adrenaline and endorphins shot his pulse up past normality, and John nearly choked on a sharp intake of breath. Sherlock blinked and his eyes were aflame, tempestuous and a stormy, pale hue. “I've a proposition for you.”
The flat was dark and quiet when he emerged from his room, feeling rested and his muscles, deliciously taut. Though he didn't have a view of the living room, John could hear the television playing softly, probably switched on and then forgotten.
The man’s brows furrowed, eyes searching as they flickered over her face.
, John.”
Behind his eyelids, darkness dwelt, but even further beneath that, Sherlock opened his eyes to another reality; a door in his mind palace.
Stunned, John opened his mouth and closed it, wondering if anyone had been gossipping about him. “How did you—”
John did.
Just as John was swallowing his cock again, the mobile on the side table gave two succinct rumbles, followed by three more sets in quick succession. But John’s mouth felt so wonderful on him, chaotic and soothing, scattering his thoughts and aligning them all to the same tune:
“Because you didn’t do anything wrong, mum. You and dad are the best parents anyone could ask for. I just… I needed this for me. It had nothing to do with you.” John shook his head. “Admittedly, it was an impulsive decision, and… I’m sorry, mum.”
John threw off the sheets, scrambling for his mobile as he sat up. Where was the damn thing?
John's voice trembled when he spoke, the swell of sentiment cresting high and dipping low simultaneously. “I'm fine. I'm…”
When there was nothing left to show, they set a slow pace back to the foyer. "Well, I have to be honest. You're not quite what I was expecting in regards to Sherlock's tastes."
. Sherlock's eyes closed blissfully in the reflection, the picture of serenity and satisfaction, his nose pressed into John's cheek.
John waited with bated breath for Sarah's reaction to the news. His friend was no champion of Holmes, and John had no idea how Sarah would take that bit of information, so he kept his mouth shut. Anything further from him, she would have to take by torture, because John most certainly would not tell her that Sherlock had already propositioned him for sex.
No sooner than John's appendages were free, then Sherlock was picking up the photos and retreating, without so much as a glance in John's direction.
Fortunately, his father was a man who read between lines like he read books, and he didn't have to think twice about what Jasper was really asking.
. Not exactly what he expected or wanted, but this was his partner.
Anderson's mouth fell open piteously, speechless as he was singled out and insulted before the pack.
“Oddly, yes,” John replied, completely aware of how unusual a situation he’d found himself in, and yet, he didn't want it to end yet. “Can you do that with everyone?”
Sherlock, finally having successfully placed the pram on the ground floor, held out his hands to receive John and placed him into the pram, buckling him in the way Lestrade instructed before leaving. "Yes, John and I have a few things to take care of."
Holmes rolled his eyes in exasperation.
Already, Sherlock was retreating into himself, trying to make some sense of what he felt, and how the hell it snuck up on him. John's fingers twitched in his lap and Sherlock fought the urge to reach over and grab his hand, hold it to his lips.
John wanted to ask about Sherlock's experience with humans, but Sherlock's expression seemed almost forbidding. “Mrs. Hudson is a human, and she seems alright.”
John reached up and wrapped a hand around that long neck with a reassuring squeeze of affirmation, and tugged Sherlock forward. The kiss, this time, was less than gentle, fueled by restrained passion and the knowledge that they only had one night to get this right. Slowly, Sherlock pressed forward, breaching John's hole with a small, choked moan.
John was everywhere; wrapped around him, burning, the one fixed point that Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off. God, and the way those hips moved over him, it was fire and heat.
“Not at all,” Mycroft said, waving his hand at the unnecessary question. “I'll have the guest room made ready for you.” Mycroft sat forward and began to prepare himself a cup of tea, no sugar and little cream. “You'll have to entertain yourself during the day. I'll be at the office most mornings and afternoons. Breakfast is at seven in the mornings and dinner is always served at six in the evenings. Anything later, and you'll find your food cold.”
John tightened his lips around the shaft, using his free hand to wrap round what he couldn't fit into his mouth. Everything in his peripheral was a fuzzy haze, just minor nuances that could be forgotten; it was just Sherlock and the fit of his fingers against the back of John's head, guiding his head forward.
John thought of an empty flat on Baker street and shrugged. There was nothing for it, but to get into the vehicle with Mycroft Holmes.
After they washed and John made sure they both ate and rehydrated, Sherlock took him to bed and soothed his aching muscles with his lips and hands until John was snoring beneath him.
“And Sherlock, I expected better out from you, goading your son with the knowledge that you engaged in indecent acts with a boy half your age. That is nothing to be proud of, brother mine.”
The thought of seeing Sherlock again made his stomach turn. What would he say? The way he left, it hadn’t been on good terms, and in a way, he regretted the decision to swan off to the army without saying a goodbye. How could he expect Sherlock to forgive him for that?
John tilted his head, staring back with empathetic blue eyes. His John, always the understanding one. “I'm assuming you don't attract many friends with that sort of logic.”
Well, that was Greg's cue.
Sherlock strode to the rickety desk and switched on the lamp, observing John as he lifted his head and blinked into the sudden light. Nothing had changed since his last visit. There was almost nothing to show the bedsit was inhabited, no personal effects, no telly, no decorations to liven up the drab room. The bathroom door was firmly closed, but Sherlock was certain there was nothing exceptional about that, either.
John scrambled out the bed, flinching once his feet hit the cold wood. Luckily, there wasn't much vertigo, and he could walk on steady feet. Great, because John needed to find his clothes and his phone. Ugh, why didn't he just think sometimes!
Mycroft said nothing, though his eyes fell pointedly to Sherlock's phone.
Sherlock hung up, foregoing a parting reply. He saved the photo to his phone, unable to take his eyes off of it. The first glimpse of John in six years.
Sherlock was breathing hard into his ear, a constant crescendo that joined John's until he was coming into that hot mouth. Sherlock was devouring it all like a starved man, moaning softly as John's come erupted over his hands.
John and Irene smiled at one another. This was a new beginning for them, the sign of greater things to come.
His toes curled in his shoes, eyelashes fluttering of their own accord, fingers tightening as John moved down to suck Sherlock’s swollen bollocks into the hungry cavern just behind those gleaming lips. Sherlock groaned, bucking up into the sensation. His cock brushed against John’s cheek, leaving behind a shining trail of pre-ejaculate that sat prettily on his flushed skin.
"We have a situation, Mrs. Hudson. Keep the food warm. We'll be back soon," Sherlock clipped shortly, with barely restrained ire.
Sherlock's tongue ran over his clavicles, which pressed against his skin in stark relief stark, and down his chest in reverent, open mouthed kisses. John pressed his hips forward in wanton abandon, asking for something more, pushing the man further.
“Do not presume that I will allow you to blame me for this,
"Took you long enough, John, I thought maybe you couldn't read my writing." Jasper waited until he reached the top of the stairs before he smiled brightly and pulled back, allowing John to enter.
As they ate, John kept one eye on the time, not wanting to be late on his first day. Sarah kept up a steady stream of conversation, and though he nodded along gamely, John's mind was elsewhere. It wasn't until Sarah lightly kicked him under the table, that John realized he had stopped paying attention entirely.
John canted his hips forward, just enough to test the waters. It was Sherlock’s undoing.
"Actually, Mike was not well, so he asked me to conduct the interview for him. I hope that's alright with you."
John noted that Sherlock hadn't returned to his room that night, nor had he heard the heavy-footed steps of Lestrade ambling up the corridor, so he assumed they were keeping watch.
“Baker Street.”
"Oh Sherlock, what- such a lovely child, but... whose is it?"
Needless to say, John ended up on the front row along with the other journalists, falling asleep while recording the lecture for Mike. His friend could be so damnably persuasive sometimes!
Sherlock and company had already caught up with the man, and John could hear his cries, muffled by bloody gurgles as he was torn apart viciously. He had only been bait; expendable and irrelevant.
Lady Grey leant back in the swing, her head thrown back carelessly as she was carried to the other side of the room, the crowd going crazy on the ground. She flung her hand to the right. “Cartier!”
(See the end of the chapter for
"You might want to rinse it out," Jasper cautioned. "Dad might have some kind of mouldy stuff growing in there, or summat."
The hunter beneath John took advantage of his momentary distraction and grabbed him by the scruff at his throat, using it as leverage to propel his body off and away, slamming quick feet into John's already bruised ribs. A high pitched whine was snatched brutally from his throat as he landed heavily into the dirt, vaguely noticing as more wolves arrived, blocking out the noise of the hunters with ferocious, deep-throat growls. It was a bloody battlefield and John surveyed with hooded eyes as the wolves tore down the last of the hunters, including the man John had pursued, their pained screams ricocheting loudly off the trees. As the screams abated so did the sounds of the forest, recognizing the predators that now lurked within close range.
“Your blogger,” John asked, surprised.
He tapped on the photo to make it larger and inclined the phone until the pixels blurred.
"Yes, well, you're going to need it. I just happened to have this one back from when Livvie was little, thought you might want to go out."
Outside of 221C, John could have just as much control in their bedroom activities as Sherlock, if he so wished. But there in that room, Sherlock’s command was law. John submitting to him again after all the time that had passed, baring his body and offering it up like the most divine of sacrifices… it derailed his thoughts.
The room was filled with a symphony of groans and full throated growls that rattled the windows, parodies of thunder, and just as powerful.
Sherlock snickered behind him, warm breaths caressing the nape of John's neck, and wrapped his arm around John's chest. "You did well on your first time with suspension bondage. Most don't take to it very well on the first go." Sherlock paused and pushed his nose into the blond head leaning against his shoulder. "You didn't even use your safe word."
"John, what did I just say?" The eyebrow raise after that particular statement never did bode well for John or his fragile psyche, so he decided to go with the truth in this instance.
Sherlock reclaimed his position against the wall, this time holding something infinitely more precious in his arms. Chubby fists clung to his coat, just as dependent on Sherlock as he was of the infant. He needed it to be real; Sherlock was half afraid he would wake up and John would still be as dead as he was before.
As I've stated in chapter one, this story is already
John cut himself off before he could make a complete fool of himself, crying like a child over a man who had made it explicitly clear that all that was in their future was sex.
Sherlock nodded and sat back, pulling John into his lap. It was meant to be dismissive, but Mycroft lingered a little longer, just as captivated by John Watson as Sherlock.
On the ride over, Sherlock could barely keep his hands to himself, resisting the urge to take John against the seat and smear their come on the leather upholstery. John only smirked at him with that brow arched in insight. John knew what he did to Sherlock, and the little tease enjoyed it.
cares about you
thought John sardonically,
During their trip through Tesco, Sherlock kept up a running narrative on his disapproval of John's choice of shopping locale and how tedious it all was. "Of course I understand the convenience of the location, but really, John, how can you stand doing this so often? I would like to say I've never been amongst such a high level of stupidity in my life, but that wouldn't be completely honest. I suffer more than enough fools at the Yard as it is."
He sighed and slumped on the booth bench, not even sure where to start with this whole mess, but he was dying to talk to Sarah about it, in hopes that she may have some sort of light to shine on his very unusual situation with Holmes.
When John awoke, the room was pitched in complete darkness, and his body ached from his prone position on the floor. He sat up slowly, rubbing at his sore neck as he remembered his sister's assault. John's phone dug into his arse from his back pocket, and he reached back to pull it out. 18:31.
Sherlock hadn’t realized he’d stopped breathing, until he dragged in a breath that tasted of sweet relief. John’s hands cupping his face was nearly too much, the way his eyes scrutinized Sherlock beneath hooded lids. Sherlock bent to lick across John’s lips and moaned as John opened up to him. His hips moved of their own accord, undulating down into the cradle of John’s body, the warmth of his covered prick.
"Lestrade," Sherlock snapped brusquely, keeping his gaze trained on John as he snapped out his orders. "You will get the pack safely to Mycroft's estate in Sussex. John and I will meet you there within the next week." Sherlock broke the stare, turning to his second-in-command. "If we fail to arrive by Thursday next, notify Mycroft. He will know what to do."
No sooner than he was stepping out of the car, the front door was swung open gusto, and his mother was walking quickly towards him, blushing with excitement. "Oh my love, look at you! Still haven't grown an inch, short like your father, but you've grown so handsome!" John grimaced as she pulled him into a hold strong enough to obstruct his breathing. In his peripheral, John could see his father struggling not to cackle, so John turned and shot him an entreating glare.
“Sherlock, please,” Sherlock whispered against his lips, “Mr Holmes is my brother.”
Running a trembling hand over his face, John hoisted himself up, back straightening as he pulled himself together. This was neither the place or the time to allow his emotions to get the most of him. That could wait until John found a solitary place to remember his fallen pack mates.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and settled in his own chair a ways from the couch, though he had a clear view of John and Lestrade. John merely conveyed curiosity and intrigue. Of course he was intrigued. He’d just found out that he was a middle aged man in a body twenty years younger than he should be.
Mycroft stared back squarely, not showing the least bit that he might be intimidated. John stood, ready to interfere if he must, but Sherlock held a hand out in his direction, not once breaking eye contact with his brother.
Sherlock sat at his desk and slid the glass on the microscope stage, adjusting the lens and resolution until he could see the tiny organisms swimming around. They appeared healthy and red, and multiplying much faster than they had the day before. There were twice the number of cells undergoing mitosis, as if making up for the ones that self-destructed. It was miraculous and unlike anything Sherlock had ever seen before. “Did you feel it,” he asked, keeping his eyes pressed against the lens.
“All right: No pushing, shoving, trampling, harassing your fellow neighbour on the way in, or you’ll be promptly ejected from the cabaret!” The doorman announced. “Thank you for your patronage and we hope you enjoy the show. Welcome to Looking Glass Cabaret!”
John faltered, wanting to offer comfort, but feeling compelled to leave and make things right with Jasper, or rather subtract himself from the equation. He looked down at the ground, wishing it could open up and swallow him below. The only friend he had was gone and the only man he'd ever felt so strongly for was said friends' father. John wanted to punch himself for playing the innocent victim in this, when in reality, Jasper was the only one who held the rights to any such title.
“No, Mycroft you cannot do this! I forgave you the last time you turned on me, but if you do this, if you let John die… I will
John sighed and placed his phone on the night stand, sensing an abrupt end to the conversation. He was so tired, though he'd slept most of the day. John hadn't had a workout like the one Sherlock had given him in years. Friday, Janine would be working, so John closed his eyes, relishing in the knowledge that he could wake up, relax and watch some crap telly for the night without the threat of oversleeping hanging over his head.
Julia folded her hands in front of her and met his gaze head on. “John’s always been a bit of an even-tempered lad. He was a sweet child, and moreso as he got older. Always respectful. Never rebellious.” Her face hardened. “You had more to do with this than he’s let on, of that I’m sure. At this point, it would be counterintuitive of me to persuade him to return home with me, so I’m entrusting him to your care. But Mr Holmes?"
John didn't feel the need to fill the silence with words, but he could feel the curiosity emanating from the man standing beside him. He was reluctant to sever the tenuous string of peace between them at this late hour.
John was hungry; his empty stomach screamed for sustenance, but he needed to get clean first. Thankfully, John made it to the bathroom without much trouble, and he immediately locked the door behind him. In the silence of the room, his breaths were loud and shaky. Slowly, John moved to stand before the mirror and did a thorough scan of his body. His neck was red where Sherlock's teeth had pulled his skin, over his carotid artery, and his stomach was a messed of dried semen and dirt.
The simple statement made John falter, but only for a moment. He wouldn't give the bastard the satisfaction of knowing that he had gotten under his skin.
The only one that always called instead of leaving a text, as Sherlock preferred. Always the infuriating busybody.
The wolves were high-strung, and ready to fight again, but first, they needed to discuss the elephant in the room.
John nodded, eyes closing briefly against the knowing look Sherlock was pinning him with. "Aren't you?"
“Baker Street or London?”
"Jooooohn," he whined as the infant tipped over on his chest, attempting to crawl up, though he still couldn't support his own weight. Blond hair curled at the tips, still slightly damp from the earlier bath, in total disarray from Sherlock's constant nuzzling. "You're evil," he griped, and John squealed, flapping his arms.
“What do you want to know,” he enquired, finally, once he’d had time to prepare.
John paced to the floor-to-ceiling windows looking out over the Wharf, hands clasped behind his back as he peered down at the stream of people, tiny specks from his bird’s eye view. Holmes' eyes tracked his movement, reminding John of a wildlife documentary he'd watched a few nights ago on BBC, of a lion stalking a zebra from behind high grass, watching... hungry.
Sherlock turned his head to John, lips twitching near the corners as he held back a smile. "I believe so, yes."
John ran with pure exhilaration fueling every stride, crashing through thick blockades of foliage. The wild stretched endlessly on all sides, and yet he was blindly chasing a madman through swooping tree limbs and muddy clearings; a man who had already threatened to kill him more than two times and maybe, sort of made a pass at him last night.
He pivoted mid-stride and nearly jumped out of his skin when he collided with Sherlock's muzzle. Wintry eyes watched him calmly, steadily, and maybe even seemed a bit curious.
“Fuck yes,” the man grunted, and Sherlock shoved his head down into the pillow, resentful as the illusion was shattered.
A shout, and Sherlock’s thighs quivered as the sound drew out into a long, relieved groan. Pulses of viscous seed spilt past the rim of John’s lips, sliding down his chin where it dripped to fall onto the messy sheets.
The wolves would be curious at some point, and if John didn't come to them, they would surely seek him out. He would just have to grin and bear it.
Hesitantly, John brought his fist up to rap lightly on the door with his knuckles. “Sherlock, all right in there?”
Sherlock's face was clear of lines, smooth and pale like porcelain, and John's fingers twitched with the urge to touch again.
John blinked rapidly, rubbing the sleep from his eyes with trembling hands. He stood, turning to where Sherlock was already waiting, rocking impatiently on his feet as John pulled himself together.
"Fine," he said aloud, "but after, that's it, Sarah, I mean it." John forced himself to be stern with his friend, but he could see that Sarah was suppressing laughter, and not at all taking his silent threat with any real umbrage. He tried to convince himself that he hadn't just resisted the urge to stamp his foot in indignation.
"Not my problem." Sherlock's tone was firm and he got his point across quite efficiently, John thought. Lestrade didn't challenge him, but his lips tightened in obvious frustration.
On the other end, Molly inhaled tremulously, and in the background, a soft coo sounded through the receiver. "Sherlock, you need to come down to the morgue. It's John... I don't know how this can be happening."
John pulled the phone away, realizing that Sherlock had just hung up on him, and turned into his pillow to laugh.
John’s gaze cut away, but not before Sherlock caught the flash of distress in those opaque eyes. “Well, if me blowing a bullet through my skull is what’s worrying you, don’t. I’ve been taking care of myself this long. Don’t need you coddling me.” John stood suddenly, on unsteady limbs. The first step away without his cane was unsuccessful and John crumpled to the floor with a cry.
Relationships were tawdry, treacherous attachments that Sherlock could not -
Sherlock stood before him, breathless with wonder. John had been through hell and back, but even then, he was willing to show Sherlock his vulnerability. And behind all it, there was that flicker of defiance, there to light the flame of Sherlock’s passion.
Bill never hid anything from John, never pretended that he was feeling any other way than how he felt. But Bill was always angry, though he used his emotions cleverly.
Sarah exhaled sharply and straightened, one hand going to her mouth, the other around her stomach. “John, what— where—”
Stamford just gave him a small, cryptic smile, and said, “You’ll see. There are types for everyone here.”
John's skin was slick beneath his hands, though this time, not with the sweat of fever dreams or blood from a gunshot wound made by an invisible bullet. John trembled beneath Sherlock's touch, though not from nightmares. John's cries echoed in his ears, but out of pleasure, instead of pain.
"Sherlock," John groaned, pushing up into his own hand fervently, eager to hear more.
Sherlock's jaw clenched as he stared forward. “I meant that.” Sherlock hesitated before continuing. “Last night, I debated whether or not to turn you over and have my way with you.”
When he turned, Sherlock was standing near the entrance, frozen.
