He had never hated art class so much and it had been the longest hour of his entire life. He was pissed when he finally joined his friends for lunch. He threw his bag on the lawn and sighed the longest and most desperate sigh of history.
Tony sighed and breathed erratically for a short moment. "Say..." he started, voice a little insecure but still determined. "If there was someone else—someone other than your alpha I mean—who kinda liked you and didn't care that you presented or not..." His voice hesitated and then he turned back to Steve, plunging his dark eyes into his, staring intently in them. "Would you give them a chance?"
"Jaaaames...." he rasps, voice half a moan, half a possessive growl. The sound of it sending sparks of electricity in his entire body. He shivers all over. The alpha slightly arches his back and meets Bucky's light rocking. He exhales a long hum, half gone into alpha fugue. "Do it!" He whispers on the tipoffs his tongue, his tone almost inaudible but strongly resolute.
"We don't want you to make another stupid mistake. You remember what happened the last time you strayed, right?"
Natasha takes off her top and Clint opens wide lustful eyes to her. "Me. You. Fuck. Now." She growls and she feels the fire spreading down in the pit of her stomach. Indomitable. "Okay?"
He has lost the notion of space and time when Steve comes back. He hears Felicia babbling in her crib so he gets up from the couch but never reaches the door. Steve pins him against the wall and catches his mouth before he can even realize what's happening. Steve presses against him and grinds into his hips, powerful hands on his face. His tongue forces his way inside his mouth and it's hard... It is
He thinks they've been at it all afternoon, unable to let go of each other. At some point he felt the gentle hands of the omega feed him while he was still in daze, intoxicated and out of his mind.
Steve's strong arms tighten around him and Tony raises his head, seeking his lips. He catches them and they kiss and it's not urgent and it's not filthy and it's not biologically necessary. It's just pure and magic and fantastic and sacred.
keep taking them." He says, voice pregnant with regrets. "Don't think I haven't tried that already..."
"You always thought it was gross." Tony blurted, still out of breath, hand on his cock. His chest was still heaving.
He paused, mechanically, and stared as his hand before bringing it to his lips, again a reflex. Without thinking he swiveled on his feet and turned around, eyes following the trail and locking on their target as soon as they found it. Steve stared, despite himself. Lips parted and hands shaking a little. He couldn't take his eyes away from the slender figure and gazed at the shape of his nape. He felt goosebumps as he watched Stark's rough fingers entangled in his small hair, touching lightly the back of his head. For a minute he imagined they were
James's grayish blue eyes twinkle with gratitude and lust alike. He keeps silent, expression almost melancholic.
In a fit of anger he canceled everything he had planned for Steve. What was the point? And then he took his phone, willing to call him, and chickened out again. Steve was gonna be mad and he couldn't take it. Not in his current state. So he went back to work and made a point at pleasing dear old dad. Even better, he would surpass his expectations, shame him with pride.
His boyfriend's jaw was throbbing with rage and he stared at them with a hard and focused expression. The one that Tony absolutely loved on him. And then he turned to him and like a knight in shining armor, surrounded with a halo of divine light, Steve rushed to him, eyes filled with concern.
Tony breathed in through his teeth. "Probably not..." He said absent-mindedly. "I wouldn't count on it anyway."
Steve needs more. He touches his own bonding gland. It is pulsating the same way, wanting, begging for the bite. And Tony is one word away from doing it. Only his respect for the two omegas prevents him from going through with it and bite them both, on the spot.
She stared at him for a short moment, pouting a little, and read through the medical form filled in by the nurse. "So your boyfriend barged in here in panic, claiming you were raped but according to this, you were only involved in consensual sexual activities with multiple partners, without protection and under the influence of drugs." Tony startled at the slightly cynical tone of her voice. "Where does it hurt?" Tony startled again, at her blunt indifference. He parted his lips and pointed at his throat, lost for words. That was exactly what he needed. Someone who didn't pretend to care.
A whirlwind of emotions submerges him. Memories and unresolved feelings. Steve was the love of his life once. His heart skips and he turns around slowly, discovering Steve's bight smile as he swivels on his feet.
"You're not having sex with anyone else, Tony. Stop pretending like you do." Steve sound grave suddenly, and perceptive. And so much better a person than Tony ever was. Steve has forgiven him. He still hasn't. Nor him, neither himself.
When he was done cleaning Tony up, he brushed gentle fingers into his hair and fondled his cheek. His eyes were gentle and supportive again, a glimpse of concern pooling in them. Tony turned his head away to avoid the man's stare.
Tony quickly got them drinks and led them to the dance floor. They rocked the party like they owned it. Both of them killers at dancing, they really made the show. Tony had Natasha swirl around him and held her delicately against him while she snarled protectively at every person who got a little bit too close. Steve felt his hackles raise and a shiver of rage ran down his spine. He was suddenly overwhelmed with the vital urge to remove her claws from him and gritted his teeth in order to calm the tremor in his hands.
Obie snorted. "Tony..." He whispered condescendingly, "my boy," and took Tony's hand in his. "You understand why I had to punish you, right?"
"Ton—" Steve attempted, but Tony dropped on his knees, face buried in the fabric of Steve's clothes.
He got up anyway, lids half-open and sticky with sleep, and rubbed his unfocused eyes before heading for the kitchen. Tony was there, in his usual spot, his usual cup of coffee smoking next to him and his right hand raised up on the table, holding an unlit cigarette.
He can't step outside of his workshop without being attacked by their bewitching scents. So strong it is suffocating. He chokes on it. Sometimes he wakes up at night and can't even breathe.
Tony plunged his intense stare into Steve's eyes, suddenly very serious. "I can be gentle," he whispered, voice a little hoarse, "when I want to."
After all those years, all those lunches they had together, just the two of them, they've never mentioned it. Not even hinted at it once. Clint flinches a little but keeps cuddling him. "I did a lot of shit in the past, Tony.
It is this moment, when the omega is no longer himself, gone in the oblivion of heat, that Steve chooses to press his fingers inside him, pushing further and further. A wave of slick flush down on his hand, easing the invasion. The omega is opening up for him, grabbing his wrist to encourage Steve deeper. Three fingers are buried deep already, skimming softly over the omega's soft spot that Steve knows as much as his own, if not better.
"I used to send Jarvis in recon and I would break in," Tony went on. "I made sure I didn't move or touch anything, sometimes I took a small nap in your bed.... I didn't stay long, just enough for my heart to settle down, and then I left and went back to my life..." Steve felt a panicky shudder shake through his entire body. He huffed out a painful breath and tightened his embrace even more, making it hard for his boyfriend to breathe. He heard him gasp. "I'm not a good person, Steve." Tony let out in a choked whimper.
Steve had always dreamed of it, but he had never truly believed in it. He had never thought, not in a million years, that it would ever be possible for him, or for anyone, to find something as close to his idea of true love as this. A love that was so pure and fresh and passionate, even after those first moments that people wrongly believed they would last until they realized a few years, sometimes only a few months later, that it was just a flash in the pan. Steve still loved Tony as passionately, as intensely as he had loved him at the beginning. It had been such a long time and yet he could never imagine this would ever stop. As far as he was concerned anyway, those feelings would never change.
"Yeah," She agreed as something forlorn ran through her eyes. "I really didn't see myself in a relationship then."
Steve chuckled, sounding slightly bitter. "Easy for you to say, when looking like that..." He held a lazy hand in the air and gestured at him with haughtily.
He realizes he has never seen Steve this happy in his entire life, not even before the serum, not even when they were carefree kids. He's
He doesn't even know if that's what James wants, anyway. At the back of his mind he will always wonder. Does he laugh because I'm his alpha, or because I'm funny? Does he care because I'm his alpha? Or because he loves me? If he smiles like this? Is smiling to me? Or to his master?
At some point he noticed Fury's desperate expression as he rolled his eyes and rested his face on his hand, exasperated. There might have been a snigger or two in the classroom, though he wasn't really sure.
Steve let himself fall on his back and spread his arms and legs on the grass before hiding his face in his hands again. "Of course,
And when Steve finally felt like himself, he felt a soft though strong hand slip into his and grab his fingers, so tightly it almost hurt. Or maybe it did because Steve wasn't expecting it. He felt his heart leap and his cheeks heat. He recognized the expensive cologne immediately, even if the scent was neutral. His heart started racing.
He felt a burn on his cheeks, spreading so rapidly it was embarrassing. He was conflicted. On one hand, he felt extremely relieved and grateful for Tony to be here. On the other hand he hated that he had, once again, come to his rescue, although the idea diffused a comforting warmth throughout his body. He hated being helpless. He hated being needy. Steve had never felt so eager to climb into someone else's car and yet, he hesitated.
"I know where we should go." One of the two other guys said. "It's barely a ten minute walk from here."
Steve hissed out a frustrated noise and got back to cleaning up the remains of their lunch, resignedly giving up on ever making his boyfriend change. Tony kept playing with his phone while sipping his second glass of wine, obviously not decided to give him a hand. Steve plugged the coffee maker and switched it on, feeling partly restless, partly annoyed. When he was done, his boyfriend still had something melancholic about him so Steve poured him a large forgiving coffee and one small for himself and joined him to the living room.
Tony was a little caught off guard but melted into the kiss and started moaning into Steve's mouth. He brought his hand onto Steve's and he grabbed his wrist with a firm grip. Not to remove Steve's hand but to keep it there, warm against the skin of his neck. Steve deepened the kiss, Tony let him and gently brushed his cheek with his other hand, eyes intense on him. They kissed again and it lasted, as neither of them was ready to let go. Tony grabbed his neck. Steve tangled his fingers in Tony's way too perfect hair and tousled it. They licked and they bit and groaned into each other's mouth until the car the stopped. It was so hot Steve was already half-hard.
A portrait of him through Steve's eyes. Tony loved how Steve saw him. He didn't hate himself in Steve's eyes. Little did Steve know how unfree Tony was though. His freedom only went as far as Howard and Obie let the leash loose. It only needed a little tug from them and Tony was kneeling down obediently at their feet. That realization made him freeze for a moment. He felt breathless and incapable of any move. And then he felt nauseous. He was pathetic.
Tony squeezed hard on his hand one last time and turned around, smiling. "Interesting," he just said, evasively, and then his face brightened. His smile turning enthusiastic. "Let's go?" He suggested innocently.
Sam and Bucky shrugged. Clint pouted. "Still don't see anything wrong with that." Sam explained, the other two nodding approvingly.
They're just out of bed when Steve's mum comes back from the hospital. They're having a late brunch.
Tony had already open the door, hand resting on the frame. He turned his head back and stared at Steve, a mischievous smile spreading on his face. "Watch me." He whispered.
Steve stared into his boyfriend's eyes and the world around them stopped existing, and the earth stopped turnings, and time stopped, and Steve stopped breathing. Something wavered in Tony's eyes. Something cracked in his stance. A glint of vulnerability. A glimpse of the real Tony, the one Steve might have fallen in love with yesterday.
Tony laughed out loud, throwing his head back and Steve felt a lot lighter. "Nothing of the sort I'm afraid. Just boring SI paperwork, sorry to disappoint."
Tony started with his balls first, licking them and rolling his tongue around them, catching them into his mouth. His hands were clutching his hips as if his life depended on it. The moist warmth of his mouth gave Steve's shivers down his spine. He gasped and started panting hard, his lungs were almost hurting him. Then Tony grabbed the bottom of his shaft with his jaw, teeth grazing and scratching the skin. He pressed them harder into the skin, purposely hurting him, and Steve let out a plaintive cry. Pain rushing to his brain and mingling with pleasure and desire. He wanted, so fucking much, and started giving thrusts with his hips, seeking more of Tony's mouth.
Sometimes Steve secretly doodled raw sketches of the short instants he caught a glimpse of Tony's face. Sometimes he imagined the lead of his pencil touching the subtle lines of his features. Sometimes he imagined his own fingers running through Tony's hair in place of his. It must be so soft. It
Six weeks later, Tony had organized a private viewing at the MoMA the night before the opening to the public. It was supposed to be their night out, their first night out since the impromptu revelation, their first quality time spent together for over a week. He had pulled out all the stops.
Steve raised bored eyes to him. "What? Enjoying the freak show? or did you come for a blowjob, too?" Tony let out a surprised giggle and flashed wide-open eyes at him. "'cause let me tell you. I lied. I
Tony isn't. He looks like shit. He hasn't shaved for days and he has dark bags under his eyes. His grayish hair unkempt and tousled, still wet from the shower he just took after spending the day in his workshop. He still has grease under his nails.
Tony whined again, protestingly, and slithered away. It wasn't spiteful but rather amused. "I just really need to pee."
Tony ignores the sparkle of electricity he felt at the simple touch with Steve. He ignores also the way Steve's face turned lewd for a fraction of a second, and the way his scent sweetened. He focuses on his daughter's babbling instead. Felicia is all that matters in his life. Everything else is swept aside from his brain and from his heart.
Clint brings a gentle hand to his face and cups it gently. "It's alright." He says reassuringly. "I don't know what's up with you tonight but maybe
The ride back to the Tower was eerily quiet. Tony was uncharacteristically silent but the tension that Steve had felt between them during the outward journey was gone. They were holding hands, never letting go of each other, and Tony's expression looked so innocent while he stared at the city outside the window that Steve couldn't help staring at him with goofy affectionate eyes. It was appeasing.
In fact, one of Tony's secret fantasies is to see Steve fight for him. He hopes it never happens though, because the last thing he wants is for Steve to hurt himself, but in the darkest places of his head he does imagine it and his entire self vibrates at the thought, just like it did the first time he met him.
"Well, as far as I'm concerned," Tony said amusedly, tone carefree and innocent, "that was totally love at first sight."
Steve groaned. "You guys, piss me off. You think this is funny but this really isn't. I need to re-think my entire life now, all my life prospects... This is
Once inside, Steve made a beeline for the gargantuan buffet and grabbed something to eat before his first drink. It was gonna a loooong night and Steve had low alcohol-tolerance. He sighed in advance while watching his boyfriend mingle with the crowd like it was his second home. He envied his social ease so much right now.
"Hey Daddy!" Steve finally says with his warm and languid voice, before he drops Felicia into his arms. She stretches her arms to him and he catches her and holds her tight, inhaling a deep breathe of her scent. She smells so good and it is relaxing after the pressure Steve's spiced up omega scent put on his nerves. At this moment, he wishes for her to never be an alpha. This is all but torture.
"Perhaps, but you have the kind of physique that ages well. You're only getting more charms and sex-appeal as years go by, while the only thing I've got is my cute face and that stopped being attractive past 25."
"I asked the cleaning staff to turn on the heater a couple of days ago so we wouldn't be cold." Steve explained as he washed his hands. Tony wiped his on his loose jeans and wiped his face with his shirt. Steve looked at his trimmed three-day stubble still glistening with sweat and his tousled hair, sticking up messily. He felt the urge to rake a hand into it and catch his mouth into a hot and filthy kiss but refrained. They had a busy day ahead. He couldn't resist staring at the strong line of muscles that disappeared into the collar of shirt, eyes lingering on the sweaty olive skin of his neck and the heaving movement of his tight chest.
Tony melted into the kiss before he pulled back, both hands on Steve's shoulders. "There's one room I'd like you to see..." He husked out, still flustered by Steve's hot kiss.
The ride ended in relative silence. Tony seemed restless. Steve pretended not to notice. He just glanced at him furtively when he wasn't looking, a little worried. When they finally got home Tony couldn't wait to get out of the elevator to escape the uncomfortable proximity with Steve. Steve watched him rushed out to the dining room while taking off his clothes and scattering them all around, feeling a pang in his chest.
"Visit my good friend Nick Fury." Tony replied nonchalantly, without looking at Steve. "Let's see how much an afternoon with Steve Rogers is worth." Steve felt the blood leave his face in an instant. His heart started racing. "I'll buy the company if I have to." He wasn't really going to see Fury in that state, was he?
The alpha turned to him, dark eyes so intense on him and smile a little evil. "I see..." He said suggestively. "So, not Wilson then. Why don't you ask them out though?"
He grabs Steve's neck with his usual strength and confidence to give him an aggressive passionate kiss. The gesture is brutal and urgent, even though Steve can sense a slight of vulnerability to Tony's assertive demeanor, and he stumbles a little while he melts into the kiss, letting his boyfriend sweep him off his feet. Tony surreptitiously slips his tongue inside and Steve moans in surprise. He leans into him, wanting more and lets Tony manhandle him in blissful pleasure. His boyfriend doesn't let go and Steve can barely breathe. He curls his arms around his waist, steadying himself against the grounded and solid shape of his boyfriend.
and yet he shivers every time and tilts his head a little, wishing Steve's plush lips would go further down and kiss him in the neck. He loves being kissed there. He loves when Steve does it. Sometimes he does, he puts a hand on his shoulder and makes the morning greeting embrace linger. Sometimes he just leaves a small instinctive peck on Tony's jaw and moves over to kitchen, leaving Tony thirsty and longing.
Tony looked down and nodded silently. He had recovered enough of his strength now, even though the uneasiness wouldn't go away, crushing him down relentlessly. He let himself fall into the man's fatherly embrace and snuggled against him, seeking the safety and comfort that his arms used to be to him. Obie indulged him for a short moment, he curled his arms around him protectively, pressing Tony against the warmth of his body. Only for a short moment, Tony's heart had barely started to settle down when he pushed him away, grabbing his face again.
Good. Because Tony is already leaking. Where does his sudden energy come from? He feels ecstatic, horny and powerful, like the world is his.
and he stared at his boyfriend helplessly, paralyzed with shame. Why did Tony let people treat him like this? What the fuck did he know? What did that even
It doesn't matter now, because his plan worked. He couldn't stand that situation anymore. He couldn't have them both and pretend he didn't see they were miserable. He loves them so much.
and Tony cries out as he comes. His own orgasm hits Bucky hard like a cannonball through his guts but from the
"Back then I had all my life before me. I was free and full of hope. I was young and plenty of opportunities."
Something twinged in Steve's chest. He suddenly felt the need for useless specifications "I'm..." He hesitated. "I think I'm attracted to alphas though."
The thing is, they probably did everything in reverse, Tony thinks. They started rough and kinky but as they became more serious and more intimate, Tony has learnt how to be gentle and also how to
He ordered another drink and ate one of those delicious petit fours while feeling grim. He stared at Tony again, this time he was talking to a man, grey hair, in his sixties, a distasteful political smile and dishonesty transpiring through his entire demeanor. Steve was glad Tony was in charge of entertaining that kind of men. He would never be able to keep a straight face and smile. He watched how Tony smiled and moved his hands around him and turned away, uninterested. He sipped from his fourth champagne flute and moved from the buffet, decided to find another chatting companion before drinking a fifth one. After all, Steve had now made a name for himself and certainly didn't need his boyfriend to hold his hand in that kind of event. But then he looked at his boyfriend again, because he had a sudden bad feeling. Tony was still talking enthusiastically and smiling politely as the man was taking his hand in a thankful political handshake. There was something wrong with that. Steve wasn't sure what was wrong about it, in appearance the scene looked pretty common for those kind of events. No-one would look twice at it. Except Steve knew his boyfriend, and even down four drinks, he could tell that something was off and the more he saw them interact, the more he felt like he needed to be there. Maybe it was just misplaced jealousy again. But Tony's smile was a little too strained and his movements were a little too wide and he seemed a little too tense. And his eyes were a little too unfocused.
He leans against Clint, not really looking at him properly. "Hey..." He starts with an ill-intentioned grin. "Do you still have your secret stash?"
Tony looked away, biting his bottom lip. "Yeah but..." He mumbled hesitantly. "You won't have a place anymore."
Steve sighed. There had only been a few weeks since the party... but it was bound to happen, one way or another, he reckoned. Tony had always wanted to visit Steve's work place and get involved in his job, he knew that much. All those years he had kept away, respecting Steve's wish and privacy, but now that he had acquired the boyfriend's status, there was absolutely no way he was gonna stay away and refrain from coming here and humiliating Steve in front of his co-workers. He should have known better and see it coming. He just—didn't expect it so early.
He decides to drop the subject and let him mull over it. He has something else to do right now and slowly slides between his alpha's insecure legs. He's already wet but wants to be on his knees first. He needs to submit for making up for it.
Tony gulped it down in one go. It took the bad taste away, indeed. At least the physically present one that lingered on his tongue. Not the other one that kept bothering him at the back of his throat. The liquid burnt his throat and made his head spin a little. Obie was bad news. Tony really shouldn't drink that much alcohol, especially pure, especially after all he had drunk at dinner, especially not in his state. He didn't care one bit though, neither did Obie.
touch his body like it's public property but after all those years, it just means they're close intimate friends, and Tony likes when Clint touches him. Not the way he likes when Steve touches him, indeed. It feels more like a brotherly embrace. Steve's touch is possessive, very intense, and Tony's body warms up and shivers every time. Steve's touch shakes him to the core. Clint's touch is just comforting.
"I don't wanna break up with you, Steve." Tony admitted, voice sounding hurt. "You're the one—" His voice faltered, broken at the edges. "You're the only person I wanna spend the rest of my life with—" He stopped, expression suddenly worried. Steve's heart leapt as the "rest of my life" words slipped out of his boyfriend's mouth. He stared up at Tony with wide open eyes, short of words. His boyfriend's face was crestfallen, afraid he had said too much, too early.
He shared what was left in his small plastic bag with the three men, one of them had bought a bottle of vodka. They all drank from it. Dark-haired guy pushed Tony against the wall and poured some in Tony's mouth who opened his mouth with delectation, smile on his lips. The liquid trickled down his chin and dark-haired guy licked it off softly, making Tony shiver. His dick tingled awake.
Clint laughs. "Honestly? I don't... but I always thought you'd be able to change his mind about it."
The omega starts crying, unwilling but irrepressible tears flowing down his cheeks, despite himself. Neither of them wants it but they both crave it with their entire being and when Tony cups his face in his hand in reassurance, the omega leans into it and then into him, instinctively nuzzling into his crotch and whimpering with want and uncontrollable need and...
Tony looked down and Steve ducked his head to kiss his doubts away. "I love you, Tony." He whispered soothingly.
His heart skipped in his chest and he turned back to his friends, frowning while trying to hide his blush.
"Stop it." He mumbled in the pillow, still half-asleep. His croaky morning voice was muffled in the fluff of the bed.
Tony pressed his hand tighter, reassuringly, and turned to him, catching Steve's gaze in an instant. When their eyes met, Steve felt like a prisoner. Locked up and lost in the dark warmth of his eyes. Tony's smile was soft and caring and protective. "Hi!" He said, with an unsettling self-confidence. Steve had never noticed how warm and suave his voice was before. Tony planted a little peck on his cheek, soft but bold nevertheless. Steve felt it resonate in his entire body right to the tip of his cock. Surely his scent must have spiked. A mix of arousal and overly protective aggressiveness.
He choked a little at first, because he wasn't expecting it, especially since Obie hadn't come yet, but then he caught up with it and swallowed obediently, without leaving a drop of it. Obie's hand was caressing his hair kindly. "Yeah, baby." He husked out while brushing gentle fingers behind his ear. "Keep swallowing. Swallow it all." The act was so humiliating and so intimate at the same time, he let out a moan while doing it and realized he was rock hard. But when he was done, he hated himself a little bit for it. Not that it was the first time he was doing it. Neither with Obie, nor with other men. It had never been as gentle however, and Tony felt a little unsettled. He wondered if that also was one of Obie's twisted ways to subdue and control him. If it was then, it worked, because Tony almost whined with the lack of warmth in his mouth when it was over and sucked in a shuddering breath as he swallowed the last drop. Obie rewarded him with a spurt of warm cum on his lips as he jerked himself off. Tony licked it off and hated himself again, disgusted with himself. Now that Obie was satisfied he felt the distance between them grow.
Tony caught his mouth again and kissed him languorously. "I love you." He whispered against his lips. Steve gasped and felt a jolt of electricity running down his spine right to the tip of his cock. "I don't know what I'd do without you."
Steve laughed too, too many things unclenching in his chest suddenly. He felt relieved, and happy. He grabbed his boyfriend's hands and entangled their fingers together. He tiptoed and Tony leant down to give him a kiss.
A small crowd started to gather. A few took their dicks out to jerk themselves off. A bit more of courage would do them good though, Tony still had a free hand. Some of them took their phones out which made Tony shiver with lust, taking a perverse pleasure in imagining his dad seeing the video. He wasn't worried. If it ever got out he was pretty sure it would be dealt with even before it reached the media. Obie kept a thorough eye on it, undoubtedly, otherwise it would have already happened, and he had JARVIS on the watch too, just in case. If it really got out then, well... he certainly wouldn't be the one to be ashamed. Fuck! He was still thinking too much. Those guys were too hesitant. He needed more. He needed to be roughed up, to be face-fucked, to be slapped and spat on. He was almost sure he could actually come from that, with the right guy.
"You can borrow some of our stuff if you want." Clint suggests before taking a drag himself and lying back on the bed.
As predicted. Tony had only needed to hear the tone of his voice and the way he uttered his name when he answered his phone to know. He sighed but mustered up the courage to open his mouth anyway.
What is amazing is that Bucky was right. Nature knows best. It turns out that in a pack with several omegas when they're in heat at the same time in the presence of pups, their heat alternate with moments of clarity during the day so they can take turns in looking after the pups while the other is at it with the alpha.
Getting Tony back has been a slow and tenuous process. To be honest, Steve had no idea how to approach him and months passed. Felicia grew up and Bucky's cycle returned.
He goes to Clint and Bucky's small balcony and clutches the railing with too much strength. He needs to breathe. Every time he releases the railing, his hand trembles with the need to hold something. It used to be his way-out. Now that he smoked something again after three months of abstinence his entire body craves for it. It's a reflex, a conditioned response. It feels like nothing else can help him calm down the uneasiness growing in his heart and his flesh. He wishes he could scream it out, beat it out of him. He wishes Steve hadn't stopped him from drinking more. Alcohol soothes the side-effects of withdrawal symptoms and his anxiety and his depressive thoughts and it dulls his memory. Why isn't it enough? There are so many things he wishes he could forget.
Tony looked at him with a mix of surprise, confusion and sympathy. "Is that really a thing?" Steve nodded. "Yeah but I mean, is that rule still carried out? Why wouldn't you be allowed to go? And who cares anyway? How could they even know?"
about him, something sensual, something attractive that none of the other guys in the room have. Not even Steve. Not that the other guys in the room aren't attractive, because they are, objectively speaking, and as far as Tony's concerned, he has, at some point in his life, been attracted to all of them. Sort of... Well, let's say Tony gets easily turned on. He's not sure he should admit that however. Better not.
"You know at first, I really thought you were trying to get me back when you showed up unannounced with your bag and my favorite take out that night," Steve continued, "trying to mess me around again... But you were surprisingly respectful in the end. We kind of
He paused, staring right into Steve's eyes, pain distorting his expression. His chest was heaving erratically. "Just for the sake of saying you could do this on your own." He muttered and Steve looked down in shame.
Steve's hands land on his hips and he gazes more openly at him, face flushed and a shy smile. A happy smile.
Bucky rushes out the door without any answer to his existential question. He can't help it. If the alpha needs him then he has to go because that's what he's been programmed for, because that's what omegas do... And Bucky can't fight his instincts anymore. He's too raw.
Steve wrapped himself around him into a tender hug, forgetting about his urges for a moment. Only his omega mattered and he wanted to protect him, even though he couldn't.
"I mean I'm not... I'm not, you know...physically prepared for this, like... I'm not gonna—it's not gonna... on its own."
let him fuck him. He thought he would like Steve to do that to him one day. He would like that very much.
Steve swallowed a chuckle and gave up on the idea to have his boyfriend help him on the homestretch. He let Tony play in the bed while he threw his clothes one by one in the boxes. He didn't have much in the first place but he still had left most of them here when he left and never made the effort to get them afterward. He just shamelessly let his boyfriend shower him with gifts.
Tony tightened his embrace around him, so strongly that he could hardly breathe, dodging the question. "I don't wanna live without you." He croaked out.
cum that will perhaps mingle with Tony's, Bucky feels a flush of slick flowing down his own body. His vision goes blurry. This all rejoices him in the deepest parts of himself.
"I mean should I go casual, or formal? Steve likes me in my work clothes, I think. At least his eyes seem to say so when I get ready for work. Wait...
Steve felt a shiver run down his spine. The tone of Tony's voice was icy and he wasn't sure how far Tony was ready to go, neither if he really meant it. But he was pretty sure of what his boyfriend was capable of and he had absolutely no wish for him to negotiate his lunch breaks with his boss. At best, he would die of embarrassment. He wouldn't even dare think about the worst case scenario.
Throwing up helped, he could finally breathe again but not much more. All he felt was a dull numbness now. Obie pulled him up on his feet and leant him against the wall as he was wavering. He straightened him up, manhandling him like he was a puppet and dressed him. He pulled his pants back up and buckled his belt, buttoned up his shirt—what was left of it, anyway—and flattened his clothes with warm hands on his chest. The gentle treatment gave Tony's body some of its life back and he could almost stand on his own now. Obie went to fetch a few towel to wipe his mouth and his face clean.
Steve's heart made a leap. "I guess so." He choked out, words stuck in his throat. He let his boyfriend kiss him again and melted into it, forgetting about his regrets and his guilt. This time Tony was fully hard when he anchored Steve into the mattress and kissed him in the neck, eyes hazy with lust. The knuckles of his hand brushed Steve's face softly and Tony kissed him again, tongue wild and mellow into his mouth.
He was actively in the process of elaborating the best strategy when he felt a strong and warm possessive hand on his knee, forcibly stopping the shaking and anchoring him to his seat. Obie didn't even look at him but his hold was firm and inescapable and it spread warmth inside Tony's body like a disease, to the point of embarrassment. Tony suddenly felt hot and flustered and he hated his body for being so responsive to the man's touch. He took off his jacket and wriggled uncomfortably on his seat. He wasn't hard yet, but almost, and secretly wished for the man's hand to creep up his thigh, against his own will and rational thoughts. Obie's hand remained on his knee however, with a grip just strong enough to remind him he wasn't free.
Steve had already given up on him, had maybe even broken up with him. If he hadn't yet, it was just a matter of time before he would. Who would ever want trash like him for a boyfriend? Not even Obie does. Tony might as well give up on the idea altogether. Tony wouldn't dare show up at Steve's door after what he had done anyway. He was nowhere near wasted enough for that. Obie wanted him to have fun? Sure, he'd have fun. Tony was all for fun. Fuck his legacy! Fuck his destiny! Tony was gonna trash himself to death and fuck everyone who would like him enough to be willing to. Well, when he said like
with Loki?" He asked angrily, tone overly protective. What was his deal, anyway? He and Clint had been doing drugs for
Tony absolutely needed to be on his knees now, he would never be able to fulfill his objectives otherwise. He couldn't find anyone though. The few guys who were there wanted to either fuck him or be fucked and Tony had trouble getting a hard-on. He had to punch one of them in the face for being too insistent and trying to push him down and shove his dick in, and he almost got escorted out, couldn't walk properly and fell on his ass, was left there, in a high trip. He stared waveringly at his trembling fist and fondled the idea of licking the blood off of it, wondered if that was safe, decided he didn't care.
Steve frowned at him, the answer so very obvious to him, but Tony didn't seem to get it. "I... I can feel it."
"They're the one who always make it about us." Steve grumbled against his boyfriend's lips. "We can't help it if our life is amazingly fascinating and theirs are so boring they always need to meddle into ours..."
"I can't believe we haven't seen each other for almost a month..." Steve let out, words sighed regretfully.
All his efforts almost paid off and he would have been right on time if Schmidt hadn't pushed him against the lockers and knocked him out for a second or two. He wasn't very sure how long he had been unconscious—or even if he had really been unconscious—but he remembered blacking out, not for long, not even enough to collapse, but enough for him to lose his bearings and to zone out aimlessly in the corridors for a few minutes afterwards, wondering what he was doing here. By the time he snapped out of it, the bell had already rung.
Steve whines, barely able to breathe like this. It hurts and tears starts flowing down his cheeks. Except those are tears of joy and gratitude... So Steve likes it, alright. Good to know... Bucky wants to cry at the beauty of this.
He felt a tremor in his jaw but couldn't do anything other than stare helplessly at his boyfriend who glared back at him, seeing him like the trash he was, eyes filled with hatred and disgust.
He is standing in front of the nest, staring at the door. And for the first time in months he doesn't dare come inside. Something stops him from entering. Something like modesty, or shame, he isn't sure.
"I'm in front of your house." Tony repeated and Steve suddenly realized what the background sound was.
After a couple of hours and the assurance that Tony wasn't ready to talk yet, Steve decided he wouldn't let the food waste away. And incidentally, he was starving. He heated it up, took a few bites and felt guilty about ruining the evening for them. The pain in his heart wouldn't go away. Steve might be trying to ignore it and pretend that he was doing fine but that would be lying through his teeth. He felt the tears prickle at the corner of his eyes as hew chewed and cursed himself.
"I didn't sell it for the money... " Steve repeated, looking at his feet. "I just... I needed to get rid of it. I needed it out of my life. I needed a change, I needed to move on. And yeah, I got this offer, and I saw it as an opportunity, two birds with one stone. You're a practical guy, you should know how to seize an opportunity when there's one. And I felt... I felt
"Yeah well, that doesn't tell us how you guys started being a thing." Betty remarked clumsily, probably because she didn't know the whole story. Like the others did.
Tony's smile vanished. He stared at Steve confusedly but remained silent for a moment, looking almost hurt. "Because that's what happened." He finally said, challengingly. Voice calm and impassive.
He spent a long moment of boredom watching his dad gulping down one drink after another, laughing forcibly to hide the bitterness pooling in his hazy eyes, and wondered if he was inevitably going to follow the same path. After all, alcoholism was supposed to be genetic, partly, and Tony was already sipping his fifth drink when he was barely legal. Was his grandfather a drunk too? Everybody probably drank heavily in the past ,anyway. What about his great grandfather? He had never had the chance to ask. He would probably never dare either, knowing Howard. Were all his ancestors a long lineage of cynical and drunk assholes? Was he looking at his older self, right now? The idea was utterly depressing.
Steve smiled and Bucky smiled in relief. "Happy?" He rasped in a husky voice. Steve licked his lips and bit his bottom lip as he nodded. "Very." He whispered.
Steve rolled his eyes and denied everything. He was still conspicuously flushed but he ignored it and pretended they believed him. Bucky ruffled his hair and chuckled playfully as he dragged Steve along to the other side of the corridor, where the three of them had been heading before this whole finger-brushing incident.
Bucky hadn't known he could feel that way about someone other than Steve but over the months during which they shared everything, and with the inevitable connection they have through their pup, his feelings have grown, despite himself.
A baby Iron Man, flying around the Stark Tower with a flower in his hand, celebrating the beginning of a new era, of a greener world. Celebrating Tony Stark, quite simply.
Tony chuckled and straightened up, already forgiving his boyfriend for tricking him, and wrapped his arms around Steve affectionately, seeking his mouth with chocolate-tasting lips. Steve cupped his face, snuggling close. "Open your eyes, now," he rasped softly, "and look at me baby."
Steve curled an arm around his shoulder and let escape a growl, remembering he was an alpha in rut with an omega sprawled on him. He brought a hand to his face and entangled his fingers in his soft hair, removing them gently from his face. Tony's splayed hand rubbed softly up and down his chest, a sweet burn through the fabric of his shirt. "Is this okay?" He asked softly.
"You remember when I first came here?" Tony said softly, voice faltering and pregnant with nostalgia.
Tony didn't answer and stepped away, staring resignedly from afar. Message received. Loud and clear. The man had the reins of Tony's life and everything Tony got was because he let him. Now he was letting the leash loose but just enough to keep Tony in line. Tony could fuck whoever he wanted sure, as long as his ass remained Obie's only, but dating... dating he couldn't.
"We were about to leave," Bucky resumed, ignoring her and feeling encouraged by everyone else. "And that moron just took the mic and started singing the trashiest song you could ever be singing."
Steve almost recoiled, in disappointment, but his lust was stronger and so he tightened his embrace around his boyfriend and kissed his shoulder, biting it possessively. "What? Don't like that?" He muttered, voice full of hope, while blowing hot breath in the crook of Tony's neck.
Tony smiled, gently, and pursed his lips softly. "Sure." He said with an amused glint in his eyes. "Are you really gonna make me beg?"
Steve took a deep breath and repressed a growl. Most his friends had joined the dance too and Sam was standing before him, a soft smile on his lips, offering his hand. Steve looked up at him with a dubious expression. What was he doing? Was he really asking him for a dance? What was going through his head right now? Sam's smile slowly disappeared to leave place to misplaced concern or disappointment? Steve wasn't really sure. He just stared at him, stupefied.
Steve watched, eyes half-lidded, at the chocolate melting in his boyfriend's mouth and wondered when eating chocolate had become so sexy and sensual and felt his cock harden. "Magnesium..." He whispered. "is an antidepressant."
Tony raised his eyes, his heart thumped in his chest but not for the right reasons this time. He was met with Howard's disgusting smirk. He stared into his eyes defiantly and looked down his work, pretending to ignore the asshole. "What can I do for you,
Steve hesitated for a moment, trying to discern the shape of the man he loved in the dark. "Okay." He finally said before dropping his head on the pillow and closing his eyes again.
Steve's heart clenched. So Tony hadn't left... but Steve knew what it meant, although he hadn't really been a witness of that yet. There were two main reasons for Tony to spend time in his workshop. One: He was busy on a particular project. Two: He was upset. Option one being very unlikely, since they had a romantic evening planned, Steve figured Tony had fled to his workshop and was hiding there, from him.
Tony whined again and slumped on the bed. Picking up the book Steve had left on his bedside table. "Let me rest for a bit. I've been good, haven't I? I think I deserve my reward now."
Tony exhaled the smoke with a hint of a mischievous smile, his eyes shone playfully. "I've missed you too." He said after a pregnant pause.
Steve liked his boyfriend's bedroom. He liked it a lot actually. It was... It was so much Tony. It smelt Tony too. And as Tony kept on giving him a detailed tour of the room, opening the closets and explaining how the smart shower worked—with some optional particularities that were very interesting for people who were doing anal on a regular basis, which, Steve blushed again, was a nice touch—he realized that Tony's entire place was meant to welcome someone else. Everything was thought of, for two. Half of his closet was empty, except for a few outfits that were definitely not Tony's size. There were two sinks in the bathroom, two armchairs... Everything worked in two. Tony had designed his place to live with someone else. And the implications of this made Steve feel a little dizzy.
Tony shook his head, grin wide on his face. "And how many of the guys—or girls, for that matter—I hooked up with do you think I gave my number to?" Steve didn't say anything, lost for words. "One, Steve." He answered the question himself, sounding hurt. "Just one."
His knees buckled and he staggered on the sidewalk until he collapsed on the asphalt, out of breath. He couldn't breath anymore and reached for his inhaler in his pocket, just in time. He sat there for a few minutes and when he could see clearly again he stood up and started walking back home.
Bucky freezes again. Those words reach to the deepest part of himself and he feels a wave of slick flush down. He's petrified but Felicia is still crying and...
Tony welcomed him back warmly. It was a relief for him too, part of him still considers Steve as his omega. Even if the word has always felt strange on his tongue.
Bucky shivers behind him. He doesn't answer at first and then he lets out a feeble, hesitant whisper. "Don't pretend you don't know Tony would never accept that I got off my suppressants if
It's not the first time Tony sees Clint and Bucky's bedroom. He's been there plenty of times before but only for a few minutes. Just enough to put his stuff down. He's never taken the time to actually look at it.
"—Just..." Tony interrupted, biting his nails nervously. "It really gets better, you know. Never forget that."
Tony chuckled, feeling no shame at all. "That's slightly exaggerated, isn't it?" He snorted, proudly dishonest.
Tony melted into the kiss and chuckled. "Okay." He muttered against his lips, humming with desire while grinding against Steve. He looked into his yes, expectantly.
Tony threw his head back, his chest shaking with a full-body laugh, and spasmed on the bed, shaking Steve with him. When he finally quieted he tightened his hold on Steve and looked into his eyes with a lewd gaze. "You do know that it wasn't you, right?" He said softly, meaning it with all his intent, and planted a soft kiss on Steve's cheek. "I just wasn't... I wasn't in the right mood, for that. I mean, I just... I was trying—" He struggled, trying to find the right words to express himself but failed. "You were perfect then, babe, I swear. The way you paid attention, all the way, and kept reassuring me. How soft you were. The way you spoke to me and kept speaking the whole time... It was exactly what I needed then. There was nothing I wished you'd done differently." Tony turned on the side and wrapped his other arm around him, planting another thankful kiss on his cheek in a loving sigh. "I mean," he added nonchalantly, "except for the way you dumped my ass on the phone afterwards, because
He kept running and running until he felt his lungs burning and his feet hurt with those fucking dress shoes that were not made for running at all. And he started to lack air and his head started spinning but he kept running and suddenly, the voices were gone.
His entire body started shaking uncontrollably, alternately freezing and burning. He had no strength left and lay there, paralyzed. He felt suddenly very distressed, invaded by an overwhelming anxiety. His chest constricted and he couldn't breathe properly. He started hyperventilating, breathing heavily and erratically. There was a painful lump growing expandingly in his chest and up into his throat, choking him. He wanted to cry, and to scream, but he had no tears and no voice. He was only silently choking on the putrid air of the bathroom, wheezing and shuddering all over, the pain he felt in his entire body excruciating.
"Nah..." Steve said while shaking his head. "I can totally get hammered to that charity thing if I want to, and for free. Besides, you did make me buy this for the occasion, remember?" He pulled on his brand new tuxedo that Tony assured him suited him very well but in which he felt extremely uncomfortable. "I might as well put it to good use now."
But he was just like everyone else, like his father, like Obie, like every fucking guy Tony got the hots for. He got his kicks out of hurting Tony. Except Steve was crying when he hurt him.
"I hate it when you sound so mature," Steve sighed while huddling up on himself because of the cold. "When did that happen?"
"You two will work it out." Steve said, looking at his boyfriend. "When there's love, anything's possible."
"Don't make half-assed offers, Barton." Bucky guffawed. "You don't know Stevie as well as I know him. You're gonna get burned."
Everything came back to his mind, tormenting him. He freaked out. "I can't do this." He said, panic overwhelming him. "I can't do this." He repeated and was already opening the door to escape. It was too fucking much. Everything was too much.
he wanted to cry. his body was burning inside and out. His insides were mush and his brain out of order. Already he was noticing changes in his body and it took him a moment to realize how hard he was. It had never happened before. Not like this, not so intensely.
Instead he looks down at himself, at his casual pair of khakis and loafers, and nervously pulls on his jumper. He looks like an old man. Tony never thought he could ever be underdressed but he obviously misunderstood something. There's a first time for everything he guesses. He feels a bit confused though.
His voice is a little too husky for Tony to remain clear-headed so early in the morning. It tingles at the bottom of his stomach.
Steve snorted and climbed down his lap. "Keep your eyes closed!" He ordered and headed for the kitchen where they had left their lunch. He picked up the box of chocolate he had bought from Tony's favorite handmade chocolate shop to celebrate his official moving out and took his favorite one from it, dark chocolate stuffed with lemon caramel. He tried to be as silent and discreet as he could, throwing a quick glance to check if his boyfriend still behaved. He had opened his eyes, Steve thought, but he wasn't looking in his direction, he seemed to be staring at the ceiling instead, lost in his thought.
One song ended, and two, and three. His friends came back at some point, got themselves drinks, made a few jokes and then went back to the dance floor. And Steve remained sitting on his seat, uninterested and bored, eyes wandering around without really looking.
The perfect male alpha in all his glory, with a tinge of bad boy attitude and a load of self-confidence. Everything perfectly dosed.
They both hurried inside, Sam because he was eager to meet their friends and have fun, Steve because he was afraid to get caught and felt a little guilty to break the rules.
Did he feel sorry for him? Because he didn't have anyone else to go with? Maybe he didn't know any other omegas...
The press conference was a complete disaster and Fury kept throwing looks at him, brows furrowed deep and creased at the middle.
"It's not your fault and it doesn't matter who's responsible for it. It's happened and we can never go back."
Dark-haired guy let out a startled, mirthless laugh and roughed him up again. "Tony? I thought your name was Greg... " He said while slapping him again and called him a liar. The man's angry gaze was entrancing, Tony was a little dazzled for a moment. For a moment he was tempted to swallow the dick presented to him and forget about everything else—Tony was conditioned to submit to assertive guys, sadly—but Steve's voice reasoned him. It pulled him out his intoxicated daze.
Steve tried to swallow the lump in his throat and failed. He felt agitated and couldn't lie down. "What are you saying, Tony?" He exclaimed. "We weren't even together, then."
Steve was fully hard now and started grinding against his boyfriend, settling himself right in the cleft of his firm ass. His hands were more assertive, his caresses more intense. His fingers slipped underneath Tony's shirt and started touching, hot fingertips against the tense muscles. Tony squirmed and Steve slowed down at first but didn't lose his determination when his boyfriend seemed so responsive. He kept fondling him and slipped a hand down Tony's pants. Tony was fully hard now, too, and Steve really wanted to taste him, first thing in the morning. His mouth already salivated at the thought. He could already picture himself crawling underneath the cover, up Tony's thighs, and getting a whiff of his musky scent before swallowing him down. He let his hand wrap itself around Tony's girth, with all the best intentions, but Tony writhed and disentangled himself, whining in protest.
Steve startles and then he looks at his boyfriend questioningly. "It will feel better for you if we don't." Tony explains. Steve trusts him. They have always used condoms before, even though they both got tested, together, Tony insisted. Steve remembers oh so well the pack of condoms and the talk his mom threw at him when she realized his boyfriend was an omega. This has never been part of the plan, but tonight... Tonight is different because it's gonna be Steve...
. He had no wish to get close to this guy and be reminded how short he was when standing next to him.
"You're my boyfriend." Steve said with that same gentle, soothing voice. "I love you. And I liked the sex, I—I
Steve tightened his embrace, kissed him back with an unconvinced though forgiving pout and groaned into his mouth.
Tony grabbed him by the neck and pulled him closer, giving him the most languorous and sensual kiss before Steve could ever protest. He humphed in surprise and melted into it, feeling his body harden and warm in all the right places. He let himself go as his boyfriend took charge and deepened the kiss, pushing Steve into the bed dominantly. He didn't go much further however and they both fell back onto the bed, cuddling. Steve had abandoned his goal to finish packing up and lay in Tony's arms pensively, head on his shoulder. He let his hand wander on his chest and down his stomach, sneaking his fingers underneath his shirt and following the line of hairs that disappeared into his jeans. His chest hair had grown and Tony rarely shaved them off, Steve loved it, how his boyfriend became increasingly virile with time. He liked raking his hand in it, rub his nose and his face and swallow in his manly scent.
Tony stops just when they are about to do it and stares into Steve's eyes, silently asking for consent,
The omega is on his knees and Tony can't even try to get his eyes away from that. His body moved on its own and his hand is warm against the burning skin of the shivering omega. The omega is
Steve swallowed down a growl and let him go, finally. They should go to class. They left the bathroom hand in hand. Steve had never been so happy in his entire life.
Steve set to avoid his friends for the rest of the day, focusing on his studies and postponing his existential crisis for now. It worked, mostly, until he caught the glimpse of a slender silhouette leaning against the lockers. Eyes focused on his phone, the new guy looked serious, all brains and skills. He was annoyingly giving off a smug vibe.
Tony kept looking at him but didn't say anything. He felt strangely distant and Steve's uneasiness started to grow in his chest. They were not fine and he was helpless. He felt the tears prickle at the corners of his eyes. "Please talk to me, Tony." He begged in a shuddering voice, his hand still warm on Tony's.
A shiver ran down his spine when he realized Steve had coincidentally called when Howard, and then Obie, were in his office. As if he had been here as well, a witness of it all. Was fate playing a nasty trick on him? To get back at Tony for not believing in it? Another surge of despair crushed him down. The humiliation still scorched him, the rage still boiled and pooled inside. His helplessness and cowardice made him nauseous but every time he tried to break free he could feel the shackles hold him down.
In the Emergency Room, Tony let Steve handle things for him. He was absolutely incapable to formulate anything himself anyway. He still couldn't see straight, his head was spinning, could barely stand straight. He was completely out of it. Usually getting high was much more fun than that... Usually he didn't think that much. Now he'd rather sleep it off. It was such a relief when Steve came back to wait with him. He buried his head into his neck and snuggled against him, trying to forget the pain in his throat. He let the warmth of him wrap him in a protective embrace and was soon lulled into sleep, finally relaxing in Steve's presence, basking in the heady smell of him.
The man looked down at him and spread an ugly smile on his face. "So I heard." He said with an unpleasantly hypocritical voice.
He hears the step of the alpha coming closer. He has been presumably making some coffee, if the smell of it was any indicator. Not that Bucky could distinguish much of it, what with the strong odor of alpha-omega mating, but, enhanced senses and all, he can detect a tinge of the aroma underneath the intoxicating smell.
Clint slightly raises his head from the cushions and opens an amused eye to him. "Suits yourself." He blurts out croakily, feeling absolutely no shame at all.
Tony had been talking about seeing this painting for weeks, Steve had dreaded this moment. His boyfriend was way too enthusiastic, what would happen when he saw? They walked around in the museum, stopping from time to time to enjoy a few classics that Steve loved. Steve was warmly amazed to see that his boyfriend remembered all his favorites. He suspected Tony had purposely made a detour to make the moment last. Tony loved the anticipation. Or maybe he just needed to calm himself down. Either way, Steve appreciated. The high-pitched voice of his boyfriend somehow lulled him into a state of blissful comfort.
He felt so cold suddenly. Cold and terrified and alone. And Steve just stood there, petrified. "Of course not," he muttered, sounding horrified.
He collapsed on the floor, breathing heavily. He was completely out of breath without even doing anything. His body hurt everywhere, aching as if he just had a two hour PE session—the last time he had had PE sessions must have been in primary school though. The heat was unbearable.
Everyday he wakes up next to Steve and feels his heart race. Everyday he wakes up and his own lips curl up on their own as he stares down at him. Everyday he remains there, sitting in his bed that has become theirs and watches the soft movement Steve's chest makes when he sleeps. His eyes linger on his lips and how they slightly tremble as he breathes. Everyday he marvels at the beauty and warmth of the moment and makes it last, just a little more. He'd like to tell you exactly what he feels like at this moment, but it's way too intense, way too confusing for him to analyse it. He just enjoys it, hoping it will never stop. He doesn't think about it too much though, because the prospect of this ending gives him anxiety.
Sam rushed in front of them and swirled around, walking backward as the three of them were heading to their lunch spot. He made a movement of his head, a goofy grin on his face.
They know each other so well and so little at the same time. They have so much to figure out, and to discover and Steve has learnt how not to rush things with his boyfriend.
She always felt safer around betas. Although, being around Stark when she studied him felt appeasing. It was just a feeling at first, something she hadn't dwell on then. It became much stronger when she decided to live in the tower. For the first time she felt it. For the first time she understood what it meant being in a pack. This sense of belonging she had never felt before. She had underestimated the power of their instincts. They all had. With Tony, she finally grasped what it truly meant to be alpha. She learnt through him, from him—from living next to him, under his protection. She learnt from his mistakes as well.
"I can't even take a nap in my room without having the horny scents of the two of you messing with my head, Steve. So yeah I know what you want." A pang in his chest. A surge of blinding rage. All he can see now is the two of them fucking each other in their nest, just as fucked-up as his own mind can imagine it. And he has a wild imagination. He knows very well what they want, how they want it and why they want it and fuck no, he's not doing it. "Fuck you. I'm not a fucking dildo."
"Please, Steve." Bucky begs. And yes, he has managed to turn him off. The omega is still nuzzling against his nape but this time is more affectionate, with a tinge of despair in it. Steve can't feel Bucky's hard-on anymore but his hands are strongly splayed on his belly, determined to stay there and convince him. "I want another pup."
"I wanna see that painting so badly." Tony said. He sounded cheerful and ecstatic and his eyes glimmered with pride.
Tony was right... How would they know? For once he had the opportunity to use the rumor in his favor, he wasn't going to miss it. He just needed an alpha to chaperon him and Sam was happy to play the part.
surrounded with alphas. He was struggling to keep his head up, to never let anyone trample on him. He was fighting his instincts, all the time. What was it like to be Tony Stark? The only male omega at school? Steve had had a glimpse of it, briefly, but it had never been real. Truth was, Steve didn't have a clue as to what it really was to be omega and have to live in a world dominated by alphas. He felt a pang in his chest and a sudden surge of love and admiration for the boy next to him. The one who held his hand so firmly. The one who had proudly claimed him in front of the whole school. The one who was staring back at two alphas, challenging and unyielding.
He won't ever touch James again. He can't. Spending his last heat with him was the best the could do. A necessary thing to do as his alpha—on paper and in life—which still left a bitter taste on his mouth. Both of them came out of this even more broken than they already were.
Tony crawled into it and rolled into the covers, immersing himself into the comforting musky smell of Steve. He finally relaxed, feeling the uneasiness fade slowly. His head was spinning and hurt like a hammer was pounding his skull. He had never come down that low after crystal meth. Had he taken too much? Probably... When had he ever been reasonable anyway? He ate the yogurt without conviction, fidgety while waiting for Steve. The creepy crawly dirtiness still bothered him. He was on edge. He wanted Steve to come out so much, put his hands on him again, hold him tight, make him feel better. Maybe he would plant soft kisses on his forehead, shush him when he shivered, run slender fingers through his hair softly in a loving, comforting gesture. Maybe Tony wouldn't feel like he was rotten then. Maybe Steve would soothe the putrefying pain he felt inside.
It was hell. Or if it wasn't it may as well have been it. It felt as hot at least, probably. Not that Steve had tested hell's temperature before but if hell did exist, he was sure it felt like that.
He brought shaky hands to the man's pants and unbuckled his belt with unsure fingers. He looked up and the satisfied smug on Obie's face told Tony he was doing the right thing so he kept on and tugged on his underwear. The briefs slid down the man's thighs, giving off a nauseating smell. Tony was a little repelled at first but opened his mouth anyway. It was far from the worst thing that had ever been into his mouth. Besides, his tongue knew the shape perfectly well, every vein, every nerve. His mouth had grown up around that cock, giving it tentative lapping at the beginning until he was able to swallow it down his throat without gagging.
Steve turned to him and stared into his eyes, to judge how serious he was. What was it with all the single alphas in that room? Did he smell that good?
He followed him outside, not without feeling like shit. The anxiety came back as quickly as it had left, creeping up underneath his skin, churning his stomach, choking him breathless.
The boy was everything Steve wanted to be, he realized. Everything he had always dreamed to be and everything he definitely wasn't. A dark lump started growing in his heart, a mixture of ugly feelings pooling in his chest. Resentment, envy, fascination and melancholic sadness and... and... something else.
Tony didn't answer. He didn't have any answers. He just stared into the man's eyes for a moment. His vision was still blurry. Making decisions was hard right now. Was dark-haired guy expecting him to? He was way too wasted for that. He just needed to come and forget and come again, and be used and forget.
The breakfast was ravenously devoured with the constant sound of Tony's ramblings buzzing in the background. Steve felt a little guilty but at some point he stopped listening, knowing exactly when Tony's speech was significant enough to be worth listening to. Otherwise he let his mind gloss over it. He didn't think Tony was fooled though. Actually, he was pretty sure Tony could tell exactly when his attention span had reached its limit but he kept talking like a sweet soothing lullaby and watched him with a certain fondness in his expression.
Tony presses his lips on the bulging gland and licks the blood. A jolt of electricity runs through him, he shivers. Tony grazes his teeth on his shoulder and Steve
Steve spat in his hand and grabbed his own cock. It was a bit rushed, a bit clumsy, nothing like he had imagined their last time in this bed would be like, but Tony could take him and it went in smoothly, despite the lack of lube. Steve bent over his boyfriend and kissed his hairy chest, bit his soft skin at times, gave a lick to his nipples. Tony panted and gasped and shivered, body tensing under him. Steve grabbed his neck with his two hands and kissed him languorously while thrusting slowly inside of him, making love to him hard and deep. Tony's legs spasmed and jerked, his toes curled while he kept panting into Steve's mouth, eyes closed. It was so fucking amazing Steve's mind went blank, he didn't control anything anymore. He just fucked inside his boyfriend relentlessly with all his strength, with all his love. He was already so fucking close.
Steve blushes again and chuckles embarrassedly. "It's also a dance club." He says. "I do expect you to teach me how to dance at some point." He explains. "I've been promised that back in the forties and never got the chance in the end. I've kind of hoped you would do it instead."
And as they are loving each other, as their connection is stronger than ever, as their bond is stronger and more unbreakable and impenetrable than ever, he loves them more.
Steve felt a tremor in his jaw. He fumbled with his pants trying to tie them up. "Tony wait!" He shouted out desperately. His heart started racing. The sex, ever though torrid, had left a bitter taste in his mouth and he wondered what had just happened. He had never felt so distant from his boyfriend after sex. He felt a twinge in his heart. The door slammed and Steve's body shuddered from head to toe. A growing uncertainty pooling inside.
"Were you perhaps coerced in some ways into performing sexual acts you didn't explicitly consent to?"
His body was hurting everywhere and heat pooled in his stomach, spreading like a burning fire in his limbs. He almost tore his own clothes off and by the time he reached his room, he was completely naked.
"Good." Steve said with a doubtful frown. "Let's get to it, then." He gave him one last peck on the lips before heading upstairs where they had packing up to do in the bathroom, the guest room/art studio and his bedroom.
He probably could but he is unable to. With tremendous efforts he manages to raise his eyes a little but only up to the alpha's crotch. The alpha is only wearing briefs and he can see his cock grow hard, slowly pointing up and stretching out the fabric, a probable reaction to his own arousal. He can feel waves of slick soaking his shorts. His own calves are already damp and he's almost sure he's dripping on the floor already. His own dick so hard it hurts.
Tony shrugged, looking away, and pouted. Maybe he had. He was fucked up like that. He didn't even know what Steve was talking about, anyway....
They're looking at each other and something happens. Tony has his hand on his bonding gland and it's pulsating, calling for him, begging to be bitten and when did that happen? When did James start to bond with him? Why? And how is that even possible? He's already bonded even if he's never actually bitten Steve. He can feel the bond in the deepest parts of himself.
He slouched on the stool and averted his eyes. "You're right..." He finally admitted. "I like it." He should be honest maybe, he thought, once and for all. Because his boyfriend seemed determined not to let this go. "But I'm scared."
His boyfriend looked at him perplexedly but didn't make any comment. "Okay." He said after a moment, still looking at a loss, and Steve found that very cute.
Fuck, why did Steve have to come and rescue him again? Tony wasn't worth it. He should let him snuff it in a ditch. Now he had made everything worse. He was forcing Tony to make decisions and Tony wasn't in the right state to make decisions.
Steve doesn't look or sound disappointed, he just shrugs and says "okay" while texting Clint back. But maybe that's because they've been living rather independently so far, each of them doing their own things, and only seeing each other for the best moments. Life as a couple is relatively new to them. Maybe they need time to adjust. Tony does wonder if that's actually normal, only for a second or two, but he forgets about it soon enough because it suits him this time.
They were beautiful together, Steve had to admit, but there was something very wrong about it. Awkward. They were dancing together but it felt like they were fighting each other, competing for power and control. Natasha was a fierce alpha, Steve knew a thing or two about it, and he couldn't stand the fact that she could touch Tony, rest her head on his shoulder, just be anywhere around him. It was just wrong because Tony was... Tony was...
... And anyway there's a huge gap between what we have now and actual BDSM and it's zillion miles away from what I had with Stane. Every time he fucked me, every time he was gentle, it was meant to break me... And I'm pretty sure that, if I were to do with you the things I did with him, it would feel completely different. Because you respect me and you always did and it would be an act of love and nothing else. That doesn't mean I particularly want a repeat of everything I did in the past. I'm just saying that we could try other things and you should stop handling me with kid gloves..."
"It feels weird." He said softly after a long moment. Steve turned his head to him and looked at the nonchalant silhouette leaning against the frame. He looked ethereal in the soft winter light. Steve stared at his profile, his features were soft and his eyes bored a melancholic expression. "Being back here after all this time." Tony continued. "We've got so many memories here. Good and bad..."
She left. At least, Steve thought she did. His hands were shaking and he realized as he looked around that he had dropped his bag and his portfolio. Everything in it was scattered on the floor, stomped on by the students walking to class. All his work. All those hours spent perfecting these sketches. Wasted.
But the man's strong hand clutched his neck and brutally pushed him against the wall behind him. He huffed out a grunt and cringed with pain when his head hit the tiles. This time he was really, literally, pinned against the wall and he turned his head, unable to hold the man's wanton glare. He felt shivers up and down his spine and his chest started heaving heavily as he was losing his breath. His entire body was shaking.
"So, that's new..." He just said, smile goofy on his face. Steve felt his cheek heat up a little more. "I can't believe you made me kiss a male alpha." He suddenly exclaimed and then added "Gross!" while averting his eyes. He pretended to make a disgusted pout but his grin quickly spread on his face again.
Clint laughed proudly. "Yeah but I was a hell of a singer, wasn't I? Just admit it! I nailed that song."
Loki repulses him, he thinks. He can't even say for sure that it's something physical, because in all honesty, Loki's pretty hot and Tony isn't only saying that because he has pretty low standards regarding his sexual partners but in other circumstances, he would gladly and definitely fuck Loki. Because, yeah, Loki is admittedly very fuckable, even if he's approaching his forties and a few sexy grayish strands of hair are interspersed on his temples. Besides, Tony likes the way he ties them into a small ponytail at the lower back of his head. Tony always had a thing for older guys anyway, everyone knows that. He does wonder if the haircut would suit him for a minute or two though. Should he change his hairstyle? Steve used to have a thing for guys with long hair after all.
It wasn't even his fault. He had been very decent. He had even pretended to ask Steve a few questions about his essay and had been nice enough to pretend Steve had been the one to help when, frankly, Steve had been much too busy ogling to be of any help. He had no idea what Tony had been writing about and when the questions were asked, he didn't have the time to think about what they meant before Tony was uttering a soft and overly grateful
He lets himself be surrounded however, the smell so comforting, enveloping him in a sweet and soft embrace.
Clint almost spills his beer and looks at him with a grin. Tony turns to him and stares at the bottle with too much yearning. "Trouble in paradise already?"
His mum was delighted. Steve's first high-school dance ever. It was time, she had said while making sure Steve's outfit reflected the importance of the event. Steve hid his annoyance, if it made his mum happy then he would gladly indulge her. She was so rarely happy these days. Steve looked a bit stiff in his tuxedo but he admitted it was classy and looked good on him.
Tony chuckled and Steve thought he saw the beginning of a flush on his handsome face but he might as well have imagined it. He licked his bottom lip and turned suddenly serious. "She's going with Wanda."
Now she is turning into a slave too. Slave to her instincts. Slave to the two omegas' scents that fill her home with their
When he entered the workshop, he made a beeline toward Tony's desk where he seemed already busy with schematics that looked very not like boring SI paperwork stuff and much more like a new technological breakthrough. He surreptitiously put the smoking cup of coffee next to him, exactly like he liked it, and attempted a hand on shoulder that he ran up along his neck and gently pressed at the joint, fingers on his collarbones, thumb brushing his shoulder blade. He leant above him in silence and brought his lips to his other ear. "I love you." He whispered softly.
Tony shook his head in despise. "You have a job, you're successful. You could have asked for a loan, just like a normal person, if you didn't wanna come to me."
Clint lies down next to him and crosses his arms behind his head. "Don't tell me that you and Steve never spice up your sex life with a little extra once in a while!"
Tony tensed against the railing and looked away. He took the pack of cigarette that was in the pocket of his hoodie, flicked one to his mouth, the lighter in his other hand, and lit it. Steve wondered if it was an attempt at a distraction, a blatant show of indifference, or if he genuinely needed to calm his nerves.
Tony scooted closer to him and let the man curl his arm around him. Obie lifted his junk with a jerk of his hips and pulled out his cock while pushing Tony down slowly. Tony let him without protest, even though that wasn't exactly what he had envisioned when Obie had said he would take care of him. He had imagined something nicer perhaps. What a fool! Who would be nice to
He heard the distant voice of his boyfriend coming closer and looked up to him. He raised his eyes and was met with a bright, slightly mischievous smile.
And although she wouldn't trust herself around one in heat, by the time she met Steve she was absolutely fine. She could control herself, every impulse, every urge she felt. She was simply not interested. She knew she was broken somehow but it didn't matter. She didn't need anything and she didn't missed it. She was fine.
"You know I can't do that." He said, averting his eyes. His voice sounding raspy with shame and bitter disappointment.
"Sharing your heat with your alpha should be a beautiful moment..." The Omega mumbled into his arms, huddled up on his knees. "Not something that needs to be done because there's no other choice."
He hears Steve sit down in front of him and they eat together in silence and his heart is fluttering, just because of his boyfriend's warm and reassuring presence next to him. Tony doesn't dare look up and stare at him. He is afraid he might blush or something or just smile goofily against his will. Steve probably knows Tony is not completely sane, he'd just rather he didn't know how far and deep his craziness actually goes. Some things are better left in the dark. That doesn't mean Tony isn't being honest with his boyfriend, because he is. He tries to be, at least. As honest as he can. He knows how important this is to Steve.
Tony turned to him and smiled, looking slightly condescending. "Don't look at me like I'm an alcoholic, babe. I'm fucking fine, alright."
"I don't need you to come and rescue me like my knight in shining armor. I can fight my own battles."
It was weak at first. Bucky did not pay attention then, but slowly and surely, it became stronger and more painful than ever. And now every time the alpha is around or every time he can smell his scent and every time the alpha and the omega join. The gland grows and expand and pulsates, forcing its way in his body and mind and inciting him,
Steve's smile is shy but genuinely happy. Tony feels him relax and he regains confidence. He offers him his forearm, very old-fashionedly, and Tony takes it with amusement dancing on his lips. If Steve insists they reverse the roles then, sure, Tony will play it out. He's never felt so unaffected by his short size before. Steve does that. Steve always had the power to take the moon down for him. And tonight Tony was ready to be handed the moon.
Sam laughed, relaxing the atmosphere. "Pfff, I can't even count on my fingers and my toes the number of guys who flirted with you that you blatantly ignored or just outwardly rejected without even noticing."
Schmidt huffed out and took a deep breath. Steve barely dodged the punch, tilting his head at the last moment, and Johann's fist landed on the hard tiles. A horrific scrunching sound echoed and Johann screamed in pain.
"Open your mouth, please," she said concentratedly, already preparing her torture tools. Tony complied, despite wanting to laugh at the irony of hearing this sentence again in that particular context. He felt at ease with her assertive strictness. "Hum... " She let out as she examined the inside of his mouth. "They didn't go easy on you, dear, did they? Your throat is a mess, boy, you'll have to slow down a little if you don't want to suffer irreversible damages. Soup and yogurt for you, for a week at least." She finally said while pushing softly his chin right and left with a firm thumb. "Nothing that needs immediate surgery though. You'll be fine, don't worry. It will heal itself, in time, but you should definitely take better care of yourself." Tony decided he liked her. He liked that she wasn't pampering him. "The good thing is," she added emotionlessly, "since urine is sterile, it helped cleaning the wound, granted none of your partners was carrying germs, indeed."
Steve raised his eyebrow and stared at his boyfriend with a certain detachment. Tony found strength in the smallest of things, he thought and surprisingly felt a sudden surge of affection for him. He climbed on the bed and sat next to him. He took his hand in his and pulled them both down onto the bed, so the two of them were now both lying. "I've forgiven you, you know?" He whispered softly. "I think I did that a long time ago, actually." Tony turned grateful eyes to him and gave him a soft, bashful smile. "If you're okay with what happened then I'm okay with it too." It might not be entirely true, though, Steve wasn't sure he had it in him but he still meant those words with all his intent.
Sam patted Steve's shoulder affectionately, a happy smile on his face. "Man, I should really thank you for introducing us. This is all thanks to you!"
Tony's comforting hands caressed his back gently, surreptitiously slipping underneath his shirt, leaving a burning trail of shivering desire on Steve's skin. A jolt of electricity ran down his spine. Tony's hands grabbed his neck and he whispered his soft and warm breath on Steve's lips. "It's okay, Steve. We can wait. We don't have to rush things."
Except Tony is a dummy. A stupid hopeless knucklehead alpha who is just as blind as a bat. He's so oblivious it's sad. Sad and pathetic. He has two omegas and can't even be bothered to fuck them. He's so busy wallowing in self-pity he doesn't even
He takes it slow this time, settling the omega on his knees right where he wants him. He pushes on his back gently, pressing him into the bedsheets. He slips his fingers into his twitching hole, seeking his soft spots, making him whine and jerk in pleasure. He wants to cherish him, everything he is.
Steve swallowed, looking down, face flushed. "Fine!" He surrendered. "I'll move in." He blurted out, determinedly. "In the Tower. Tomorrow. I'll pick up my stuff and move in. I don't have much to bring anyway."
"What you need is a kick in the butt." Steve replied drily. "You haven't been even slightly helpful this morning." He added teasingly.
have. Tony had taken Steve's fingers in his warm hand and looked away, still nervous. He had finally shut up though and let Steve be awed by the magnificent view. Steve swiveled on his heels and wrapped his boyfriend into a hug, giving him the most loving kiss he could have. He was happy to be here with him tonight.
Clint smiled. "I think I was already in love after the third time though." He said bluntly, probably to ease the atmosphere which had become suddenly heavy. It worked.
When Steve watches the two of them knotted, he can't help but think that this is the most beautiful thing he's ever seen in his entire life. His alpha, buried knot-deep, inside his omega, locked together in bliss. Scent mingling, skin sparkling with sweat. Tears running down the omega's cheeks. Tony's eyes feral on the edges but soft and tender with the omega that he loves with all his heart.
Tony twitched and grabbed the hand on his shoulder to return the soft gesture. He turned his face to Steve and smiled. "Thanks." He whispered, blowing warm breath on Steve's nose. "For the coffee." And then he went back to his intricate schematics. Steve knew better than to insist.
— and partly annoyed. Tony knows very well Steve has a past. He's not even sure he actually wins in terms of number of partners... After all, Steve is far from being a prude and they've both been sexually active for almost twenty years. Tony is pretty certain Steve has fucked a lot of men in the ass before him and he doesn't care. He wouldn't even care if he did it now, probably. But Steve never fucked anyone who mattered before. All his exes were exclusive tops, at least with him. Tony had that for himself, he thought, until now, but looking at Loki right now... he isn't so sure anymore. He has the feeling Loki isn't the kind of guy who would let go of the opportunity to get a good fuck from an amazing top with a big fat cock such as Steve, way too cunning for that. Maybe he's grinding his teeth a little.
Steve had put Tony in charge of his comic book collection while he was sorting his books, intending to give away most of them. As he was halfway through it, he heard his boyfriend chuckle behind him and turned around only to see him standing in the middle of the room, hips leaning against the back of the couch and reading the earliest issues of the Avengers. The entire collection still on the bookshelves and very much
"That's not the same thing." Tony insisted. "Nat and I never had feelings for each other. It was just that
There was a ding at the door and a man entered. Steve's eyes followed him unconsciously and he stared at him from head to toe, pausing halfway on his butt, amazed at how firm it looked in his pants. The man screamed alpha. Everything about him screamed alpha, from the shape of his jaw to the broadness of his shoulders, to the lines of his back muscles that Steve could decipher under his loose T-shirt. Even his scent, indisputable, smelt so strongly of alpha it made Steve dizzy. He shivered and felt a drop of sweat trickling down his spine, right into the crack of his ass. He swallowed as the man turned around, his coffee in hand, and salivated in front of his crotch, imagining what his knot looked like and what it would feel like in his hand.
"And then our eyes met," he said with a raspy voice, "and he saw that I was watching him and he blushed so beautifully I felt something flutter inside."
"Are you trying to scrub your skin off?" He said with a teasing smile. Tony didn't smile back but he felt him relax under his touch. Steve waited, hand pressed on his chest, until his boyfriend's body was free from all the stress and the tension and he started to brush the washcloth softly on his skin, gently spreading lather on every part of him. "Let me do this." He husked out, plunging his eyes into his. They were both cleaner than clean by now but it didn't matter. Steve kept spreading lather on his boyfriend's body, massaging the skin, easing the knots away, taking possession of him again until Tony was completely relaxed under his touch, giving himself to him. The water stopped running at some point and soon his hands replaced the washcloth and his touch became slow caresses and Tony started to breath heavily, chest heaving. His eyes were half-closed, his lips parted. Steve kissed his sorrows away, starting with his shoulders, "There is..." and then his chest, "nothing", and down his stomach, "wrong..." Tony gasped and shivered and wavered on his feet. "Or dirty," Steve kept on, slowly kneeling down at his feet. "Or ugly..." He grabbed his asscheek for leverage and planted a last kiss on the inside of his thigh, "about you." He said in husky, hungry voice.
Thor was the first one to answer after he swallowed a swig of his beer. "I guess Steve was telling us about how he fell in love with you."
And oh god how beautiful his smile was. Steve was mesmerized. His breathing hitched again and he felt his cheeks heat. He didn't know what to do or say. He usually wasn't one to be at a loss for words but it seemed he always lost composure when Tony Stark was around. He felt incredibly lame.
The words were worse though. Not that being called a whore and treated like trash had ever had any impact on Tony. Story of his life, really. They just sounded wrong in Steve's voice. They didn't belong in Steve's voice. They were forced out and heart-wrenching and his boyfriend looked like he was playing a part, like his whole body disagreed with it.
"We'll need a terrace." Tony continued. "And an efficient ventilation system. High security... It'll have to be eco-friendly too. Sustainable. And powered with clean energy."
He waited and the sliding doors finally opened. Steve should feel happy, probably, but his heart was heavy and the lump in his throat made it hard to swallow. He took the tray and walked silently to the area where Tony was hunched up over something that looked mechanical. Steve didn't come too close and put the tray on the first flat surface that was empty enough for it to fit. He wiped his clammy hands on his pants, the sleeves of his flannel curled up at his elbows. Tony didn't move or even acknowledged his presence.
"Deep down you know he's right." Obie added with the same concerned and supportive expression on his face. "You know where your responsibilities lie." His hand crept up Tony's neck, an insignificant gesture yet so meaningful, a possessive and inescapable grasp. One that said Obie had all the rights to Tony's life and death. Tony stared up into his eyes, desperate and imploring, despite himself. "Don't ruin everything for a fling."
"Mr Stark, Sir, is *hum* busy." The computerized voice answered after a reflective silence. "I'm supposed to let you know that you are firmly advised to go home. Mr Stark shall be busy for a while."
Steve he has always loved. He knows that now. He didn't know back then, but now, when he is whole again, when he is himself for the first time in his entire life he
She growls again and tears off his shirt. Then, she leans against him and bends her head over to his ear. "Can I knot you?" She asks in a desperate whisper.
He wasn't in any position to refuse Steve anything anyway. Steve wanted to have fun, Tony would give him what he wanted. And maybe then, later, when Steve was satisfied and not angry with him anymore, Steve would accept to sleep with him again and cuddle him and Tony would be able to forget.
Tony tightens his embrace around him and lets out a long sigh of relief. "I won't." He promises. And Tony holds on his promises.
It escalated. Steve had always had too much rage to himself. Sometimes he couldn't contain it. Tony never minded but he'd rather feel Steve's tenderness than his rage in his touch right now.
Bucky's smile died down and he pinched his lips guiltily. He looked down in shame. "I think I kinda knew already but I was too happy to take advantage." Something sad pooled into Clint's eyes but he quickly smiled it away. "And then I got into that accident..." Bucky continued in an ominous voice.
"I don't know..." Tony whispered softly. "I had to see him again." He raised his eyes again, looking at his captivated audience. "So, I..." He started, smile goofy. "So I slipped a note in his pocket, asking him to meet me at the back after his shift." He laughed at his own expense. "I had never done that before, really... I just, I was just a brat then, and I felt so small next to him." He looked up, face flushed and smiled at his audience again, eyes searching for Steve's. His lips parted when they locked into Steve's eyes. "I waited for two hours after his shift was supposed to end." He said in a teasing tone. "I couldn't leave." He added with broken voice. "I kinda was heartbroken and starting to despair when I finally saw him walking toward me, looking so proud and defiant. He seemed to be a bit vulnerable." Tony was still staring into Steve's eyes. As if he was only talking to him now, eyes challenging, and sad somehow. "That was the thing," he added, admiringly, "the major difference between the two of us, I guess... He was never scared of showing his weaknesses..." He made a pregnant pause before adding. "
His boyfriend's falsely affectionate pet names and his honeyed voice made Steve feel sick but he bore with it. The conversation dragged and Steve was bored to death, in addition to his repelled feelings toward the man. But every time he tried to disentangle himself from Tony's hold, the latter tightened his embrace and brought him close, hiding an inconspicuous shiver. So Steve stayed. He asserted his possessiveness over Tony and glared at the man every time he tried to come closer. Tony only let him go when the man was at a reasonable distance and disentangled from him with a relieved sigh.
Steve felt a shiver running up his spine, giving him goosebumps. He had the very bad feeling that their first night together at the Tower was turning sour even before it started. "
Jane laughed doubtfully. "Even at the beginning?" Thor seemed to think about it and didn't answer. "Yeah, that's what I thought." She finally said with an amused smile.
Steve looked down embarrassedly and tried to hide the beginning of a blush. He shook his head and finally decided to climb into the car.
"Senator," Tony said while holding his drink toward the obnoxious-looking man, "this is my partner, Steve Rogers." He said proudly, showing Steve off. "Steve is an artist. Outstandingly talented."
Tony didn't say anything but he kept staring at Steve, studying him thoroughly. "I can't believe you haven't presented, yet... I... I was so sure about you."
like a drug, but could never have. His mind went blank, too much feelings, intrusive and overwhelming. He felt the sensation from last night coming back to him, shaking his body, burning his insides. He wanted to tear Tony's clothes off and lick his entire body, bite him, kiss him and... He felt hot all over and hard and he could feel Tony's hard-on against his legs, like promise to heaven. His heart raced a mix of fear and excitement, and arousal. His hands wandered over Tony's arms and down his back and around his hips. He slipped them under his shirt, sliding them up his firm chest. Tony's skin was burning too and he could feel him shiver at the touch. His breathing hitched and he gasped, lips parted and eyes closed.
You see, he wasn't good at this. He had never been good at handling the journalists or anything that required for him to speak in public. In fact, he was an absolute disaster when he needed to speak in public and tonight just proved his point once again.
He wanted to say something about it but refrained, for fear of Tony's reaction to his overbearing concern, so he shut his mouth and made a mental note to talk about it later when Tony was in a better mood.
Tony's guardian angel who unsettlingly looked like Steve was possibly arguing with three men now. They sounded angry. He was a little out of it. He got slapped again. And then he heard his name.
"I'll come with." He rushes to say, against all common sense. He speaks loudly, loud enough for Steve to notice he was talking to him anyway. Deadlines be damned. Who needs a deadline anyway? Tony can do the fuck he wants, he
A sudden, unexpected knock on the door. Fury made a quick movement of his head towards the entrance, annoyance written all over his face, deeply inscribed in his disapproving frown. He was ready to unsheathe but quickly cooled his ardors when he saw the Principal cocking his head inside, expression sheepish and falsely apologetic. Mr Fury hated being disturbed in class. It was fair, Steve thought. It was hard enough to get their attention for more than five minutes, it must be enraging to lose it because of external factors, like your boss coming unannounced right in the middle of class...
would want to keep it a secret, you know, with me being alpha and everything... I should have taken scent-confusers..."
It's not like he wanted to come in the first place. He was busy and the amount of work he's going to have to compensate for the loss of an entire evening is already giving him a headache. He wonders what came over him to suddenly decide he wanted to come after all. It's not like they have to do everything together. They never had, why would things suddenly change just because they live together now?
The boy packed up his stuff conscientiously and Steve tried not to envy him and how tall and handsome he was. He bent down to catch his bag and pack. When he rose back his eyes met the boy's. He was looking at him, piercing through him. A smirk on his lips. And then his smile seemed to soften, something melancholic pooling in his eyes, or maybe in Steve's heart, only for a split second. Something leapt in his chest and he tried to look away but the two dark marbles were like magnets. The boy was smirking again and he gave Steve a wink as he turned around and left the classroom.
"Yeah," Natasha agreed. "Even that Stephen guy was serious about you..." She added. "Although we all agree you're much much better off with him far away and out of your life for good."
Tony wished Obie would have, at least, used his spit as lubricant. He didn't. He didn't prepare him either. He didn't even hold his dick to make sure he was aiming right. He just gave a brutal thrust, trying to sink into him. Tony was too tight though, unable to open up for him, Obie barely dipped the tip. The man knew though, that he was the only who had ever fucked Tony in the ass, that he remembered of anyway, and excluding the ones Obie himself had given Tony to, obviously. Therefore, he should know that it had been a while for him, they didn't do it as often as they used to. Only when he had to make a point, like tonight apparently.
Steve focused on the sound before adjusting his eyes to look at the blinding blue light of the screen.
His boyfriend complied without protest but the question seemed to linger in his eyes, still. "It's a surprise." Steve said as only explanation. "Today's such a beautiful day." He added.
Clint tightens his embrace and shakes him a little. "Hey," he whispers softly. "Stop blaming yourself for everything. I've been busy too, you know. We're all busy."
"Oh Steve, come on!" Natasha protested. "Why would you ruin this? We were all so moved! Dump his ass, Tony. You deserve better!"
Steve's response was biting again, and sardonic. "Really? How thoughtful!" It didn't suit him. Sarcasm was Tony's thing, not Steve's. Steve was supposed to roll his eyes and find it cute. He wasn't supposed to sound so mirthless and bitter when he spoke. "Why would you do that, though?" The words came out painfully from Steve's mouth and his stare was murderous. Tony's heart started racing to the point it hurt.
Natasha drags him to her den and shoves him on the bed. Maybe a glimpse of something terrified ran across his eyes but she isn't really sure. "What's happening?" He says while looking around the bed like a lost puppy.
"More seriously though, Stevie." Sam said with a serious voice, interrupting Steve's dangerous train of thoughts. "What the hell happened to you? Care to explain?" There was a tinge of annoyance barely hiding his friend's concern.
By the time, Steve finally decided to do something about it and find some courage to talk to Tony—And he doesn't mean about the weather... Somehow, during those four months they had lived together since Steve had come back, they had never found the opportunity to talk things out. To
Tony shrugs. He doesn't know what Clint is sorry about. He's never thought of it as something that needs apologizing for, not to
No, he hadn't noticed the watch. To be fair, he couldn't really see it from his angle, he did stare a lot at his right hand however and remembering the rough, calloused fingers so dexterously playing with that pen did something in his stomach he'd rather ignore for the moment. He had been feeling very weird since this morning anyway, must be the shock on his head.
Obviously Steve's reluctance until now had had little to do with the place after all. Tony was still determined, hopeful, and a little insecure maybe, but determined and confident that this—them living together—would work out fine.
At first they had given Felicia to Natasha and Clint to be looked after but when they noticed that magical, very useful, aspect of being bonded to the same alpha, they brought her back to their floor with them. Bucky needs her close. Steve too, even if the need is not as visceral.
"I already knew who you were..." Steve rasped, rather matter-of-factly despite his words being struck in his throat.
He can't help thinking that Steve had sex with the two of them. He can't stop imagining it. He knows everything about Bucky, he thinks, but Loki... How many times did they do it? Where did they do it? In what position? Was it rough or gentle? Was Steve on top?
His lips part and he gasps. "Steve said you needed me." He whispers, voice broken and hoarse, faltering on each words.
"I like it when you're rough with me, Rogers." He said after a while and it didn't sound like a joke, it sounded very serious in fact. He turned his head to him and his boyfriend was looking away pensively, expression still a little melancholic with tinges of nostalgia. "I used to need to be in control all the time before..." He continued while avoiding Steve's attentive stare. "but I actually like letting you take control. I like... when you dominate me and I think I'd like if you'd rough me up, as long as it doesn't hurt. I don't think I like pain actually. And I don't particularly care for being insulted either, or humiliated."
Tony grumbled and turned away from Steve to take a swig. Then he took a deep breath and sighed again. "I'll help move out." He rasped.
Bucky leans forward onto Tony's back, metal arm still clutching the alpha's torso, and splays his flesh hand on Steve's chest that he slides down along his rippling muscles and skim over his groin, fingers brushing his skin and going down to touch the alpha's slicked shaft going in and out of Steve's body. The alpha gasps and then Bucky trails his fingers up his stomach, flesh hand splayed on his sweaty pectorals. He pinches a nipple, drawing another exquisite gasp out of him. While his flesh hand runs up to grab the alpha's neck, his metal arm slides down and curls around his waist.
His presence was absolutely not needed, just like he had thought. Tony was only there to indulge a bunch of crass middle-aged men, laugh crudely at their bawdy and offensive jokes—not to say racist, misogynistic and just plainly revolting—and entertain them with casual business talk with the little he knew about the subject. After all, not his area of expertise. Tony knew how to be charming nevertheless, maybe that was enough.
There was a heavy background noise that Steve couldn't decipher. He kept listening to Tony's shivering breathing before he started. "I think we need to talk." He said.
Right now he did little more than brushing his fingers on his stomach, however, not daring slipping them into his jeans yet, or purposely delaying the inevitable and enjoying the moment. Tony was still quiet and lost in his thought. He was only half hard when Steve's dick hurt, rock hard and constricted in his pants. He buried his head in the crook of Tony's neck and kissed him, nibbling his soft skin. Tony took his hand in his and intertwined their fingers together, stopping Steve in his tracks so Steve stopped his ministrations for a short while and tried to read his mind. It looked like their whole life was passing by before Tony's eyes and Steve suddenly felt overwhelmingly nostalgic as well, remembering all those moments they shared here.
Steve pinched his lips to repress a chuckle and rolled his eyes. "Job first. Reward later." He repeated with a grin spread on his face.
Steve looked at the door, frozen, feeling helpless. It was the first time his boyfriend reacted so angrily. Usually he would close up and flee or shrug things off, brush them off with a strained smile. Steve was the one who usually lost it and shouted and burst out. It was so unlike Tony that Steve was disconcerted for a moment.
"Alright guys!" Sam interrupted. "Game's over. And Steve? No one said you needed to be this slutty! Chill out, alright?
And then he felt a warm presence next to him. He heard a smile. He felt a gaze, intense on him. He turned his head on the side and his eyes met Tony's. "Hey."
He got flustered, his cheeks hot and probably as red as Johann's puffy face. He clutched his bag as he dashed through the corridor in a half-conscious attempt to perhaps find shelter in the bathroom. Too much emotion lately.
Tony's omega scent of arousal was spreading everywhere in Steve's room, strong and heady. His grip on Steve's hips was firm and needy. The light in his eyes was hazy and desperate.
And then Steve started to hide secret messages addressed to his boyfriend or nodding at him here and there, in each of his publications. Everyone hastened to find out where they were and competed to find them first. It became a thing. A huge
He wouldn't be able to get away with it with a joke, either. Bad timing obviously.  Speaking of... What time was it? Tony had no idea. Steve must be exhausted... Understandable.
Tony's hard-on was poking into his hip and his hand was desperately trying to grab it, seeking release. His hips were meeting Steve's slow movements with eager thrusts but it was too late and Steve was already going soft and he was too exhausted but he felt too blissed and heady with pleasure to care.
"Mama?" Steve said softly, feeling suddenly filled with courage. "There's something I need to tell you." She turned an attentive ear to him and stared at him with a gentle and expectant expression. "I think I like alphas..."
"What's your name, kid?" He slurred in his ear while his hand pressed harder, sending spikes of electricity down his spine. He pressed until Tony's eyesight became blurred and dotted. Tony gasped again and parted his lips. He almost moaned with the sudden rush of adrenaline and dopamine to his head. As powerful as a high.
I was very confused then, lost. I still had conflicted feelings for Buck and I was all over the place." Bucky looked down embarrassedly. Clint cringed but smiled at him gently, understandingly. The others opened wide confused eyes at him but no-one commented and Steve glossed over it. "I think the moment we met was the worst time ever to start a new relationship, for both of us." He looked at everyone, they were all ears, silent and curious, so he went on. "It was rocky from the start with Tony but... If I have to think of a moment... That one moment when things changed between us, I'd say it was when he offered me my birthday present. Which was obviously
gentle loving touches. Steve taught him. He taught him everything and tenderness grew more and more important in their sex life. They're pretty vanilla, he realizes. He never thought it was boring though.
"Steve does too." He groans. "He just doesn't know it yet. Having heats is in our nature. We should embrace them. Steve is just scared to ask you..."
Loki smiles and this time it is genuinely happy. "That's really nice and generous of you..." Loki mutters softly. "But I can fight my own battles."
"What do you say we take this party somewhere more private, Greg?" The man whispered huskily on his lips.
They took turns at fucking each other, rolling onto the bed and slipping each other's cocks into their sloppy, eager asses. It felt so good and so frustrating at the same time. They did it again and again, greedy and desperate. Something was missing.
have," the hand that was on Sam's shoulder had slid down his arms, Steve noticed, and was now holding his hand, "an announcement to make."
The man had his mouth on his neck, alternatively biting him and licking the wounds he had made. Tony's mind drifted away. He wanted to be somewhere else.
When his mouth is empty again, Tony decides to take action. He splays his hand on Loki's knee and leans into his personal space, staring right into his eyes.
He gazed at the V of his back hunched over the railing, contemplating the pensive expression on his face. He could only see a quarter of his face but could distinguish his characteristic pout on his lips and the red dot of the cigarette bud in his hand shining in the eerie night. He seemed to let it waste away rather than smoke it. Steve shuddered and wrapped himself in the jumper while he joined him. He grabbed the iron bar, resisting the urge to snuggle against him, somehow sensing that it wasn't the right moment for it. He was standing at a distance, leaving space between them not to be overbearing, but close enough to feel his warmth still.
Loki delicately takes Tony's hand off him but doesn't push him away. "I heard that too." He says and chuckles softly. "Too much maybe... I'm wondering if I didn't end up believing it eventually." His answer unsettles Tony for a moment.
Soon half the students were convinced Steve was the school's very first male omega and accused him of hiding his true self with scent-confusers. Not that they hadn't been thinking it before, they just wouldn't say it out loud.
"Is that what it is?" Steve asked, amusement hinted in his voice. The question wasn't any less genuine though. "Are you punishing me because I won't move in to your place?" Tony leant back, propped on his arms, and unfolded his long legs. He threw his head back when a surprised laugh escaped him at Steve's not so innocent accusation. " 'cause it works..." Steve added softly, mumbling in the collar of his warm coat.
He looked at his board and realized he hadn't finished a quarter of what he had planned to do today. He had been distracted and now he was painfully behind schedule. He really didn't need another distraction but he was
Steve blushed when Tony picked him up in a limo. That was probably to be expected, in hindsight, but Steve felt his heart waver, still. They had a table reservation at Le Bernardin afterwards, inside this time and in
ready but he knew Tony wasn't and he played along. Steve suspected it had something to do with Tony's previous experiences. Tony told him everything that first day when Steve presented but he never went into details. Steve didn't push, Tony would tell him when he was ready, maybe. So far they haven't mentioned it again. That didn't matter, Steve was happy to pretend and wait. It was definitely worth it.
"Err, one we didn't do anything and besides, Tony's on suppressants anyway. Two, this doesn't mean I'm not into alphas. And three, how do you even know?"
Sam gave up and went to the dance floor with the others. Steve felt bad. A little pang of mislaid guilt. He looked down at his feet and twisted his fingers together, curling them in anxiety and boredom. The music was too loud and his heart started racing unexplainably, beating hard in his chest. Steve tried to calm himself down and regretted coming here. What did he expect really?
Of course they have planned to keep seeing each other when school starts. Boston is not that far away, Tony will be back as often as he can and they will find time to meet, just like they always have until now but...
He needed a smoke but the possessive grip of Obie's hand he suddenly felt on the nape of his neck refrained the impulse. Tony felt numb at the touch. Numb and docile. At least he didn't have to worry much about limping. Obie led him back to his seat in a fatherly embrace, no-one noticed they were gone, everyone being properly drunk at this point. Tony had regrettably sobered up a little since he had thrown up. Obie still held him in place, hand on his knee, the warmth of him inflaming his body again, the leash short and tight.
Tony brought his cigarette to his mouth and inhaled the last drag before pinching the butt away over the railing, something he
Tony felt a soothing hand on his face, tugging on his chin. "You know I don't like hitting you, Tony." Obie,'s sugary voice said. "I'm not like your father. So don't make me do it. "On your knees." He repeated, this time his voice was pervaded with anger. His hand gave a brutal pull to his shirt and tore off the first buttons in the process.
Steve looked at him concernedly, something sad pooling in his eyes, and Tony felt bad. "Are you okay?" He asked and sounded awfully worried. The tone made Tony feel sick again. Steve shouldn't have to worry that much over his shitty self. He wasn't worth it.
not, he feels like throwing up. It's staggering, shattering him in thousand pieces, devastating to the point he's completely lost his footing and soon he will be utterly out of his depth but he's not freaking out, not freaking out at all.
Sex has always taken up a lot of space in Tony's life. It used to be a lot of things to him. An escape from his own reality. Sometimes a weapon, sometimes a tool to take control or to use or manipulate people, a mean to get what he wanted... but also a source of comfort and a way to hurt himself. In therapy he's been trying to work on that, trying to consider sex as what it is,
Tony's eyes flickered again and his smile faded, only to leave place to a lewd eagerness. He was rolling his tongue inside his mouth. He hesitated a little before complying and turning over, arms and legs spread out on the bed.
Tony laughed again, letting go of Steve to look into his eyes. "Why are still so confused by this? It's kind of expected..."
Tony grabbed his face in his hand and made him look up. "One hour, that's all I'm asking. We haven't seen each other in four days and I'm leaving tomorrow for Germany."
Something both grateful and pained ran across the omega's eyes but he didn't say anything. Steve didn't let him anyway, he kissed the sorrow away and entangled their fingers together. He looked at him, right into his eyes, and lost himself in the lust of his hazy gaze.
Tony whined painfully and gasped. It wasn't long until he shouted breathlessly. "Take it out. Take it out." He pleaded. Steve didn't know if it was too painful for him or if he just didn't like it but he pulled the toy out and felt Tony's insides clench around him as he let out a sigh of relief. At least, they had tried.
He left the empty small open space that had become his office and paced silently to the entrance. There was a little crowd, mostly the people who worked in this floor, for him, but also people from other departments and even people from the senior management floor—Yes, there had been a lot of changes at SHIELD since the success of The Avengers and Steve had now an entire floor dedicated to his series, plus about a dozen of people working (only) for him. Writers, drawing artists, designers, colorists, painters, assistants... Well, let's say SHIELD were doing fine, and him too.
He glanced at the screen again and bit his bottom lip, smothering a chuckle. "This is how you bought this place, isn't it?" He said with an indecipherable smile. It sounded amused and bitter at the same time. "With a portrait of me?" The words were more of a statement than a real question.
He felt Tony's upper body shake with a soft chuckle and snuggled against him, running his hands up and down his chest comfortingly before his boyfriend took them both in his hand and intertwined their fingers together. He could feel his boyfriend's heartbeat slowly settle into a normal, calmer pace and hugged him lovingly for a long moment afterward, trying not to think too much of the implications of this.
Tony." He repeated, sounding distraught. He looked up at him with eyes filled with worry and anger. Tony wondered what he had done wrong this time.
The voice was warm and comforting. He raised his eyes slowly as the overhanging form seemed to be imitating him and crouched down on the floor. It all happened in slow motion and like drawn to each other, they eyes met. Tony Stark's intense dark eyes plunged into his, filled with warmth and worry. He gave him a soft sympathetic smile. Steve's heart stopped. He had never been so close before.
He walks to them and resists the urge to splay his fingers on Steve's broad back and to slide it down his spine to the curve of his hips. The scent is so heady it is dizzying. What has he done to deserve such a punishment? All he wants to do now is wrap his hands around Steve's chest and rest his head on his back, inhaling a deep breath of his delicious smell and closing his eyes and then he wants to fall asleep there. And possibly never wake up.
There was a black limo, following him. It stopped at his level and Steve stared, dumbfounded, at the window being slowly pulled down. He saw the outlines of a beautiful face and dark eyes gleaming in the shadows. "Need a lift?"
Tony tensed in front of him and something flashed through his eyes. "That didn't make what I felt for you any less real." He muttered with a raspy voice. He stared at Steve with an angry pout, fire burning in his brown eyes. "I know that I acted shitty back then. I didn't realize it then but I do now. And I'm not trying to find excuses for my behavior. I know you still haven't forgiven me yet—not completely—and I
Clint's eyes are lewd, Tony notices, and he's fidgety. And then Tony notices how his own finger has been sliding down Clint's chest, brushing his tense muscles with a knucklebone.
I'm really sorry about that but it seems my writing abilities are really too limited to grasp the depth and the entirety of Tony's agony. In other words, it may appear bland and boring and repetitive. Sorry about that... You'll get a rough idea, at least.
"I think," Clint started after a moment of silence, "that you're being highly disrespectful towards omegas right now."
to feel. Steve's blue eyes are beautiful and his scent is entrancing, strong and heady, enrapturing. He feels the warmth of his words and the softness of his voice resonate in his entire body and spread like a sweet and burning fire. It must be the alcohol.
Tony shrugged, a fond smile on his face. "You can say whatever you want," he said while looking away, perhaps he was trying to hide the embarrassment on his face. "But I'm the one who kept coming to you place, who fixed your apartment, who kept finding excuses to come and see you all the time." He paused, searching into Steve's eyes which probably conveyed how unsettled he felt right now. Partly confused, partly disbelieving. Because...
Steve felt shaken by an overwhelming shiver running up and down his spine. His chest was constricted, he heart was ready to explode and he could feel his cheeks burn with shame. He turned to Tony, Tony turned to him and they stared into each other's eyes for a long moment of silence. All kinds of emotions appeared on his boyfriend's face. Surprise, amusement, confusion, astonishment, mostly disconcertment.
Tony chuckled, smile gentle as always. Steve was starting to wonder why Tony seemed to be so different with him. He was an ass to everyone else. That was common knowledge. "I didn't come here for that. I—"
The connection he shares with him is more physical. It's primal, bestial and instinctive but no less inescapable and mind-blowing. The love he feels however is deep and affectionate and grounded.
Steve felt a pang in his chest but ignored it. This was not the time to feel sorry for Stark's sob story. Tony Stark didn't need anyone to feel sorry for him and Steve had already too much on his plate.
Steve could feel his heart beating faster and see the happiness in his boyfriend's eyes that he seemed unable to express into a smile. Steve laughed and bit his bottom lips, feeling his cheeks heat. "But it's not... It's not likely to happen in the time being, right?" He asked hesitantly, waving his hands that Tony still clutched strongly in his.
Nothing was said. Tony went his way and kept seducing potential donators. Steve went back to the buffet and ordered his fifth drink with a bad taste in his mouth but it was only in the car on their way home that he breached the subject.
"I'm gonna fuck you raw and dry, babe." Steve let out before he realized what he had just said. Tony let out a soft keening sound and spread his legs even more, gasping at each of Steve's movement. It was so fucking beautiful!
Bucky shrugged. "You just rubbed me the wrong way, I really wanted to smash your face and make you shut up."
size, if he might say so—that wiggles in his hand. "Good to know..." He mutters drily. That was the last thing he expected to find in Clint's and Bucky's bed. "But seriously, guys?"
"Do you think he's serious about those regulations?" Steve asked, mildly concerned by the issue at the moment.
"Stop trying to find excuses!" The omega says in a laugh. "Tony can handle us fine. He wouldn't have bonded both of us if he couldn't. If you don't trust me, then trust mother nature, she doesn't make mistakes... I know you
Tony kissed him back but pushed him away quickly, preferring enjoying the chocolate without Steve's tongue but his hands were gentle on his shoulders, brushing softly the skin of his neck. "I promise that I'll do everything you ask me to for the next couple of hours." He said in a husky voice.
Tony felt a shiver throughout his entire body. He shook his head in panic. "No." He rushed to say with a shuddering voice. "I don't wanna stay here. I can't."
Tony's eyes were glittering with a forlorn concern. "I mean, have I... Did we... Have we ever done things you didn't consent to?"
So that what it felt like apparently, to be an alpha. In the course of one night, his entire life had changed. He went from being omega to alpha, from being a loser, the school freak, to being one people who look up to and show natural respect. Now he had a new status, a new future, new prospects and maybe,
"I want another Pup, Steve. Please?" Bucky pleads again, this time it's verging on annoyance. Steve can hear a tinge of despair in the omega's voice. It's important to him. Steve swallows the lump in his throat and regains composure quickly, pushing unpleasant memories and forbidden feelings at the back of his mind. There are things omegas don't talk about. Bucky can probably feel his reluctance but he's still determined. "Felicia is almost three years old. She's gonna be lonely. A pack led by an alpha and two omegas should be filled with pups." He says and he's got a point, probably. But they have never formed an ordinary pack and neither of them are officially bonded to their alpha. Bucky is the only one who has some sort of legal connection to Tony. "She's gonna start school soon..." Bucky carries on, voice faltering at the end. "And what am I gonna do then? I'll have nothing. You've got your job and it's great but I'm stuck in here. For the rest of my life..."
He paused, smile growing on his lips. "Oh fuck it..." He swiped the papers on his desk and flashed his best smile.
Steve ran a clammy hand nervously on the nape of his neck, his hair was itching. His heart was racing and accelerating. Why did he have to feel like this? Tony's words inopportunely came back to him
from the tip of his tongue, having certainly found the answer on his own with the prodigal warmth of Steve's gaze.
Tony is drowning in a pool of omega's delightful scent of beatitude and tired contentedness. He is intoxicated in it, and drowsy, as sleep catches up to him. His omegas are happy, that's all that matters. Freaking out can wait. Slowly, he falls into a blissful recuperative slumber.
The night breeze was cool and freshened up his face. He shivered and closed his eyes as he breathed in and opened them up while he puffed out warm fume. Tony was leaning on the railing, the white curls of smoke dancing around him. Everything was peaceful up here, so high from the swarming of the city's nightlife. Steve felt a sting, just like he sometimes did when he got a glimpse of Tony lost in his thought, and came to the heavy realization that he was head over heels with this man. It still happened. He still had that feelings sometimes, his heart clenched and a wave of love and affection overwhelmed him as if he was falling in love again.
Tony jerked around and stared at him questioningly. "You're not going to keep it?" He exclaimed incredulously.
He stared at his boyfriend, taken aback, trying to decipher his thoughts behind the heinous glare he was throwing at him. His words were stuck in his throat. He looked away, feeling the shame creeping on his face. His heart was racing. "I didn't sell it for the money..." He choked out, each words scorching his throat as he uttered them.
"And I've been living here for almost a year and a half now. Why wait any longer? This is my home, now. I feel
After a few moments it softened and Steve felt completely empty. Physically and emotionally empty. He heard someone rattling in the kitchen and looked at the time. His mum must have come back. He felt the urgent need to run to her and hold her in his arms, maybe cry a little more on her shoulder.
He'd rather not. He's fine not knowing. He knows what Steve thinks but he can take responsibility for his own choices. He shakes his head and stands up. He suddenly has the urge to see his boyfriend. It's all very confusing and his right hand is still shaky. There's something missing.
He leant down and caught his boyfriend's mouth. Tony groaned against his lips and held his head strongly while his other hand clutched his hip. He surrendered so beautifully, vanquished, and Steve resumed undressing him, salivating at the prospect.
Steve felt a grudge pooling in his chest as everyone seemed to have suddenly and unwarrantedly decided to give him very unwelcome pieces of their minds, completely out of the blue. He looked at Tony who smiled gently at him in silent support. He growled internally, repressing his angry feelings.
Tony gritted his teeth. Even the soft tone of his voice rubbed him the wrong way. "What do you want, dad?"
Steve's heart skipped in his chest but he ignored it, just like he had been ignoring the arbitrary fluctuations of his whimsical heart ever since they started hanging out together. Those moments were too precious to Steve to risk ruining them with confused and misplaced feelings. Tony's smile was warm and inviting but that didn't mean Steve could project his own wavering feelings onto him.
Clint laughs again and takes another drag. "Good. I wasn't planning to tell anyway." He rolls around on his side and turns to Tony. Tony realizes how close he is and how blue his eyes are, almost as blue as Steve, and his eyes linger on the light blond stubble on his face. "Come here." Clint says huskily and puts the burning side of the joint into his own mouth. Tony inches closer and parts his lips before closing his eyes, feeling suddenly awkward due to the closeness. Clint blows back the smoke into his mouth and Tony feels it burn his lungs as he swallows it. His friend really didn't skimp on the weed.
and switched it with the former, stretching his boyfriend's ass to a maximum. Tony hissed and keened protestingly, trembling with pain and pleasure alike. He propped himself on his elbows and raised his ass, trying to make it easier for him. "F-fuck, Steve." He grumbled. "I can't take it anymore, fuck me now or let me jerk off."
They all walked to a construction work area in the neighborhood. Tony stared up at the empty summer night sky. He thought of Steve and smiled. And then he meekly let the three men walk him wherever they wanted him to go, a little unconcerned.  They climbed into the building site and found somewhere discreet.
Tony's smile shied and he grabbed his hand, intertwining their fingers together. "Where do you wanna go?" He asked, so very seriously.
"We talked. A lot." Natasha said with a fond smile. "I hadn't felt so close to someone from a long time. You got me. Nice change to speak with someone who wasn't gay for once."
"I kind of felt like the sky was falling onto my head when she told me. She wanted to keep it, obviously. And I couldn't
He ran down the stairs and rushed toward the entrance door, opened it and Tony, all soaked in his dark hoodie, loomed over him, the only thing Steve could see, his dark eyes gleaming in the shadows. His heart skipped in his chest. His amazing smell suddenly enveloping him like a warm and comforting blanket. He opened his mouth but couldn't say anything. He was hypnotized. By the beauty of him, by the intensity of his stare. The hand that was holding the door was shaky and Steve remained silent and still for a long moment until the erratic breathing of the alpha snapped him out of it. He stared at his flaring nostrils and ran his eyes down his face, following the contour of his jaw and the curve of his parted lips.
"Shut up!" Steve snapped and pulled out to take an even bigger toy and shoved it in ruthlessly. His boyfriend let out a surprised, half-painful, half-pleasured incoherent noise.
She stumbled and swirled on her feet as elegantly as a dance. That was what omegas did and Pepper Potts was the epitome of one. Tall and slim with an incredibly thin waist she often highlighted with ribbons or belts made out of fabric. Her limbs were delicate, her hands were thin with long graceful fingers, her features so smooth, her face so pale and so fragile, her long flamboyant hair tied in an elegant manner, everything about her delicate and beautiful.
"I'm fine with my right hand thanks, besides, I've had plenty of sex lately. Remember? Four days of an orgy. Really, I'm sated. And if wasn't... it's not like it's any of your business anyway."
fingers. And then Stark stopped, nudged at his friend—a tall strawberry blond, called Pepper—and laughed, throwing his head back, exposing his neck. Strong but slender like the rest of his silhouette and a stately demeanor. Steve felt his heart skip and he remained planted there, frozen in the middle of the crowded hall, staring at the back of his neck with the foreign, yet deep-seated, urge to grab it and trace his fingers along the long lines of his muscles.
. He swallowed the bile inside and clenched his fist and his jaw while shaking with rage, until it passed. Until he resigned and complied.
Neither of them had taken their scent-confusers and Tony's scent was so entrancing, enrapturing and dizzying. It was slow because they had all the time in the world. Tony was looking at Steve with so much love and trust, and
"Wrong choice of words," he snarled. "Again." And shoved another toy inside his ass. An average one. Tony jerked in surprise, propping up on his elbows.
She stared at him again and paused. "Look," she said in a sigh, "you were lucky this time, boy..." Her eyes looked concerned this time and a little forlorn. "It's not my place to tell you what to do or not to do with your life," she said resignedly. "And it's certainly not in my habit to make any comments or judge my patients' personal life choices... On what grounds? Who am I to do that? I'm really just here to give you medical advice and make sure you get proper treatment but... I kinda feel for you, don't know why, maybe you remind me of my son a little..." Tony stared up at her in bewilderment. "So, I'll tell you my opinion anyway," she continued. "I've been doing this for more than twenty years, now. And sadly I've seen my share of rape victims. Everyone reacts differently, you know. I've also examined countless boys or men like you, some of them lost, some of them fully aware of what they were doing, fulfilled with their life-style, happy. Some of them I've seen several times, too... I'm really not judging. I'm way past that now." She explained, without Tony's consent. "But you don't strike me as one who fits in either of these categories." She finally said, and then added, "you seem to have a really nice boyfriend, who cares about you a lot. You should be honest with him!" She concluded her unwanted lecture in a solemn tone. "And with yourself..."
He feels the heat creeping on his face again and chuckles embarrassedly. "Yeah but... I'm not sure I'll be able to give up on the name, you know... It's like a curse."
Tony sighed and wiggled away from under Steve. "Fuck you, Rogers!" He growled. "Three fucking minutes! You barely held on three minutes! I can't believe you just did that to me."
The name makes his mind go blank, the hoarse and sharp commanding tone of the alpha too. His head spins. He's frozen for a moment and then he snaps out of it and shoves his hand inside himself where flushes of slick are flowing down and then brings his slicked-up hand to the alpha's ass, rolling a lubed-up finger around the rim softly. Then he adds more pressure until Tony spasms and quivers with want in his embrace.
Stark's smile faded but left a burning trail on Steve's lips. He brought the tip of his fingers to his mouth and brushed them softly, imagining. Steve had a wild imagination for someone who knew so little and Stark's eyes were too intense, warm and dangerous. Almost ten yards separated them now and Steve still felt the warmth of his body and the burn of his stare, lulled by his lingering scent.
Tony was in the living room, up and about, all dressed up for work. He was standing in his dark blue dress pants and his fitted white shirt that outlined his frame perfectly and tying his cufflinks with a charm and confidence that still did it for Steve. Had they had more time... His heart skipped again and he almost dropped his towel when he unconsciously brought a hand to his neck. Tony was so handsome in his work clothes that Steve had forgotten why he was downstairs, rivulets dripping down his chest, with only a towel to hide his modesty.
"Does she know that?" Steve asked amusedly. He felt somehow very relieved to have almost handled this very awkward moment between them.
Steve pouted in slight disappointment but after the wreck they had just avoided, it just didn't feel that important anymore. He snuggled against Tony, grabbing everything he could so he wouldn't escape. "I love you, Tony." He whispered. "Please, don't give up on me."
The kiss was soft, languorous. Bucky kissed his lips tenderly and slipped his mellow tongue inside, so sweet and gentle a touch. Steve moaned into his mouths and pulled him into his arms. They were both rock hard.
Steve stared at him and felt a surge of love overwhelming him. He kissed his boyfriend because Tony was so handsome at that very moment. So handsome and strong and vulnerable at the same time. "I should have called you a succubus." He husked out and heard Tony chuckled smugly and he kissed him again, ruffling his head with a tender caress."You know what I'm thinking?" He said on a more serious tone. "I think we should go away for the weekend, take some time off, the two of us. What do you say?"
The man slipped his fingers into Tony's hair in an attempt to be nice again and complimented him too much so he really needed to quicker the pace and make him come fast.
"That it's preposterous. I do find inspiration in real life, I'm artist. Artists are reinventing life. That doesn't mean my characters are real people, and conversely. Even if I were to base my characters on real people, at the end of the day they would still be characters who keep growing and evolve on their own paths, with their own issues, their victories and their failures. Saying Iron Man is Tony Stark, or inversely, would disrespectful to both of them. They are so much more than that. Iron Man would be but a pale copy of the man that is Tony Stark."
"Well, obviously I was wrong. Just look at me. Do I look alpha to you?" Steve asked, sitting and curling his arms around his knees.
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat. "Tony stop! Nothing like that happened. Believe me, you'd have known!"
Tony made Steve's drink while Clint had the time to make the four others. He looks at it proudly. It doesn't look as yummy as Clint's do but at least he poured all his love in it. He smiles smugly and glances at Steve again, his smile fades a little. He doesn't feel so confident anymore. He feels stupid. He puts the drink on the platter, next to the others, and takes back his own glass. He leans against the counter again and looks at his boyfriend longingly while sipping his strong cocktail. Steve looks somehow fascinated. And he understands why, really. Loki is a great guy, experienced. He's met everyone, done everything, been everywhere. Tony gets why anyone might be drawn to someone like him. The guy's got so many exciting stories. A vision of life so different, so refreshing. Tony hasn't been very attentive but he heard enough and he has to admit that he sounds like an interesting guy. Plus he's friendly and easy-going. Unlike Tony...
Tony gasped and gave Steve an apologetic glance. "I'm just curious..." He defended himself, shaking his head. "'Cause I really don't see anyone there who could possibly be out of your league. You're amazing."
They both chuckle and touch each other's bite marks. It's electrifying in a soothing sense of calmness and appeasement. No word needs be uttered.
"Nope. Being omega makes me thoroughly screwed, in every sense of the term. This is the worst thing that could ever happen to me."
Loki's eyes shines with a different glow. "Maybe..." He rasps. "I thought I had though...found the right person."
"If I got all worked up every time I had sex and don't remember any of it I'd never see the end of it..." Tony said with a shrug. "I can't spend my life raking my head over it. At some point I'll have to move on, you know?"
Tony's eyes flare-up with burning want and he parted his lips in surprise. Steve smiled at him reassuringly and swallowed his cock to the hilt. Tony hummed in pleasure and brought his two hands on each side of his face, holding him gently, brushing his skin tenderly and thrust so very slowly and gently into his throat. Never before Tony had been so gentle while face-fucking him. It was new and delicious and Steve's entire body shivered with desire and pleasure. He understood why Tony loved it so much. It was exhilarating to feel so overpowered and controlled. The gentleness was overwhelming and Steve let it go completely, mind drifting away in the limbo of ecstasy, until he felt that Tony was close. He pressed on his boyfriend's thigh softly and Tony stopped right away and pulled out slowly. Steve looked up at him, eyes teary, and Tony brushed a gentle hand on his cheek before heaving him up. His eyes were hazy with lust and he grabbed Steve's face with both hands to thank him with a hot, though gentle, filthy kiss. Then he kissed the corner of his mouth and down his chin, along his jawline, and kissed his way down into his neck, making him shiver with want. his hands were running up and down his sides and Tony grabbed his dick, humming into his neck and grinding against him.
"Is this really how you see me, though?" He blurted after a moment of awkward silence. His eyes were wide open now and expecting. And Steve knew he wasn't talking about his dad anymore.
Tony jerked his head in his direction with a look of surprise. He unconsciously squeezed Steve's hand tighter. "Yeah, he's a proper asshole." He replied, glancing away. Slightly nervous.
The guy laughed. "Okay." He said with a tinge of tenderness in his voice. "There's plenty of ways to have fun without you getting fucked."
Steve melts into it at first, slightly taken aback, but then he pushes him away, frowning a little. "You stink, Tony." Then he studies him a little and shakes his head a little desperately. "I can't believe you and Clint would just sneak out to smoke pot behind our backs. That is so immature. Even for you." Tony giggles stupidly and glances knowingly at Clint who's currently sitting on his husband's lap and cuddling him under Thor's amused stare. Steve rolls his eyes but he doesn't look angry, or maybe Tony is too drunk to care at the moment. He snuggles against his boyfriend and lets his natural charm do the rest. Steve curls an arm around his waist and stuffs something warm and tasty in his mouth. "Eat something at least."
In a flash of lucidity, Tony wondered what he was doing here, with those guys, in this sordid place, but the feeling didn't last long enough. He was too fucking tired to dwell on it and the perverted glint in their eyes reminded him well why he was here. He had waited all fucking night for it. Finally someone was going to treat him the way he deserved to be treated, like the trash, piss-drinking whore, depraved cum-dump pain slut that he was. Finally someone was gonna make him forget about the nauseous uneasiness and putrefying anguish that churned his stomach and made him want to crawl out of his own body to escape it. They were gonna fuck it out him. Tony couldn't wait for it.
He dropped on his knees before the guy tried to bring him somewhere more private. Tony wouldn't want to deprive others from the opportunity to join in. After all, he had a goal to achieve. The man was surprised at first but when Tony started fumbling with his fly, he let him do it while letting out an indecent groan. His cock was average and didn't smell half-bad. Perfect for a first. Tony had never really been picky about what went into his mouth anyway, especially in the state he was in right now.
Tony stood tall and proud in a rather extravagant and improbably colored suit. He was absolutely gorgeous. On his arm, snuggling against him, was Natasha in a dazzling fuchsia sheath dress, smiling dangerously at the crowd.
He grabs the man's wrist before he starts walking away to the elevator. James stops instantly, although he could easily snatch his hand away from Tony's grasp with his super-soldier strength, and turns around slowly. He lowers his head and looks down in submission.
Bucky let out an embarrassed chuckle. "You might have kept that detail out, doll." Everyone else probably felt as uncomfortable as he was feeling now though. Except for Steve who was internally laughing at their flustered faces. His eyes met Clint who winked and smiled at him knowingly.
