The last time they kissed, Wade made Peter feel precious but now he was making him feel vital, like Wade needed him to survive.
He was obviously depressed first but he quickly transformed.
The interviewer scoffed, “A lot of people noticed the mercenary turned a 180 in the last year and it all started when you were kidnapped by that alien.”
“Talk?” Wade replied darkly, his hold tightening on Peter’s hands.
“Since you’ve gotten your explosion quota in for the day do you two want to join the rest of us for lunch? We’re barbecuing.”
Venom might be faltering because he was dying without a host. His host was used up…Peter could be dead.
Peter lightly kissed him, avoiding the worst of the drool with his lips, and Wade finally showed signs of waking when he inhaled sharply and choked on the pool in his mouth. Peter chuckled as Wade cleared his throat and sleepily opened his eyes. He smiled as soon as he saw Peter.
Bucky smothered Steve’s voice with his mouth before he could get out another word.
Tony nodded and wondered if Steve was putting it together yet. Tony jumped in either way and said, “Susan was obviously upset but she’s now filing charges on us for unlawful firing, slander, assault…and rape.”
Steve leaned into his elbow and peered at the both of them with a small smile. Years prior, he would have never thought the two of them being together was possible. Yet, Natasha had opened her once locked up heart and Bucky readily let her into his fragile trust. They were a quiet couple and did not openly show affection but, when they looked at each other, their gazes showed the true depths of their love for each other.
What was harder?: (1) reaching out to his son, who didn’t even know he was related to Tony nonetheless his only child, and revealing everything he once knew about his family was a lie, or (2) proposing to Steve and convincing him it was finally time to come out of the closet to the rest of the world.
Steve’s entire body stiffened and he keened in a seemingly endless scream that ripped out of his throat and straight into Tony’s heart.
Steve stared down at Tony’s tranquil, sleeping face. His hair was mussed and his goatee was hilariously pointed and disheveled. He had never seen him look so relaxed and he loved it. Lines seemed to have disappeared from his face and Steve gently reached out and traced where they should have been. He tried to ingrain this side of Tony into his memory so he could sketch it later.
“You two saps finished? Got any
The confirmation from Tony was a blow he hadn’t been ready for. He’d been expecting it but hearing it from Tony’s lips was so much worse. All his grief and sorrow grew tenfold and felt like he’d collapse under the pressure. He couldn’t even look at Tony anymore and turned away from him and buried his face in his hands.
Any unease he had been feeling melted away and Tony felt as if his life was finally solidifying. Waking up with Steve had been astonishing the last few days and almost felt too good to be real. But, at that moment, he felt secure in Steve’s arms. He was there to stay. His soulmate was going to wake up with him tomorrow and all the days to come.
“Am I the reason you haven’t moved on? Are you staying behind because I am such a royal fuck up? Do you think you can fix me?”
Cable actually smirked and then rumbled, “Let’s leave the notebook somewhere for him to find it then and get the hell out of Dodge.”
“You are
Peter snapped back as if Wade had burned him. Could he be wrong? What if it was
“You’re half frozen, you lug,” Tony grunted. He rubbed his back and arms. The heat coming off Tony’s body hacked away at the icy growth in his muscles. Steve groaned and leaned into him, greedily taking what he had to offer.
From the corner of his eye, he saw a flash of pain cross Steve’s face. Steve dropped his head and whispered, “I wanted to talk to someone about it and I immediately thought of you…”
Pepper took it as a sign to quickly ended her conversation and rejoin them on the couch.
Steve’s heart soared and he asked “So does this mean you’re coming back?”
“Do you want me to devour you?” Tony asked hoarsely, Steve could feel him quivering slightly. “Shall I suck you dry? Swallow ever last drop of come? Is that what you want, Steve?”
Tony groaned and said, “Fine. Fine. I see I am outvoted and by my own soulmate.” Steve smiled appreciatively at him and Tony turned to the pool. He called out, “Peter! Stepan! Come here!”
“He won’t speak about anything else until he remembers…
Steve dropped his head and then whispered, “And once again, I could do nothing to help you…”
!” Tony nearly yelled, his emotions strained his voice and made it sound like the statement was painful to say.
Peter was always grabbing at his dog-tags, they were his safety item. Most children became attached to a toy or blanket but as soon as Peter met him he was obsessed with his dog-tags. Maybe they reminded him of meeting Steve for the first time or maybe he just associated them with Steve in general. Ultimately, his son found comfort in them and he gladly leave a piece behind for him to be consoled by.
Accepted.
“I’ll explain it all later! You need to tell the others to stop trying to kill it and start trying to contain it!”
Tony grinned victoriously and grabbed Steve by the scruff of his apron and dragged him down. Tony’s lips met his and…oh. It was different. It was…nice. It was not like the passionate kiss they had shared prior. This kiss was gentle and soft. Tony cradled the side of Steve’s face with one hand and gently kissed his lips, lapping at them like a cat drinking water.
“No, he’s just really smart,” Steve gently admonished. He touched Solo’s back to rub it but the man flinched and viciously swatted Steve away.
Tony gritted his teeth and said, “If I exit this suit, I am going to collapse and I don’t have anything to compress with as it is! Where is the chip??”
It had been weeks since...the incident and Steve had thrown himself into his new life in the meantime and had barely seen his friend.
He had to stop interacting with these people as much as he could to right the future, but he was a social creature. He never before felt so very alone and isolated.
Despite his spasming muscles, Wade let go of Venom and reached out to Peter. He grasped Peter’s face and begged, “
Steve touched the small of his back and whispered, “Pretend you didn’t hear it.”
Pepper predicted good reviews for all of them and his story was already trending online as he left the building.
The audience applauded and screamed and Tony felt his excitement double with the audience’s jubilation. Tony and Steve traded happy glances and then Tony continued, “Yesterday, I proposed to this handsome man and he said, yes.”
Steve went straight to the gym and his usual punching bag to pass the time until the President’s men arrived. Bucky accompanied him but made no motions to workout. He sat on the soft mats of the sparing area and watched Steve.
“Tony?” Steve gasped, frantically looking Tony over, trying to see if he was hurt. “Tony, what’s wrong??”
Tony was the odd man out, floating above it all. The new fighters didn’t notice him as none of them thought to look up.
“Thanks, Pep…” Tony said and then made he stepped back, moving to lea evthe kitchen.
“Sir, you must put a compress on your chest now. If you do not, you will suffocate within the next ten to twenty minutes,” Jarvis replied sharply.
They just held each other, and Steve contemplated their future.
“That was Jarvis,” Tony stated with a grin. He’d never seen someone respond to Jarvis with such an extreme reaction and he had to muffle his laughter. He explained, “He’s my AI. He’s like…a really smart robot in my ceiling.”
Steve sighed, “Yeah, but he’s out on patrol and Friday said he didn’t leave an ETA for when he’d be back.”
And, somehow, all three of them forgot to tell Pep about it…
Eddie crossed the lab to where Mac’s workstation was. Peter was right behind him and Eddie said, “Mac was making a bio-sentry.
“My suit is picking up vital signs and a lot of metal. He’s packing,” Tony murmured.
Steve pressed his face into Tony’s neck with a chuckle but his hands snaked their way around his hips.
Tony rubbed his smooth chin and sighed, “Some sacrifices were needed for the good of the future…”
Bucky clenched his jaw and dropped his eyes. With a tight voice, he stated, “It is required I go to the machine right after I leave the cryostasis chamber. It clears my mind and makes it so I have no distractions for my mission.”
He incapacitated the men and was jumping out of the hole he created in the wall in less than thirty seconds.
“Your birthfather,” Tony stated, wondering how much he knew. His fingers dug into the chair arms and he asked, “Did anyone tell you about him?”
“Hey,” Peter said lightly. His chest was still tight with anxiety from his confrontation with his dad and the words they exchanged. Thinking of those words, he paused and then asked, “Wade, can you promise me, from now on, you’ll never kill someone?”
They both jumped on each other without any hesitation and kissed.
Steve grasped both his cheeks and pulled down his head to kiss his forehead. Bucky moved compliantly and Steve rested his head on his chest and wrapped his arms around his neck. He whispered, “I love you, Bucky. I always loved you. You were my first love…”
She dropped the photo like it burned her and Ben’s shoulders dropped with it. He bent down and grunted in pain as exerted his bad knee. He picked up the picture carefully, as if the image of Peter was as precious as the boy himself.
“You certainly got a big head right now,” Bucky observed.
Steve expected Peter to be pointing at another animal but, to his surprise, he was pointing to Tony. Tony was dressed in his workshop clothes and wore large mirrored aviator glasses, his hair was a mess and pointed in all directions, he had a fine layer of grime on his skin, and he wore floppy flip flops. He looked more like a bum than one of the wealthiest men on the country.
In the morning, Tony joined Steve in the shower and made up for the lost night. Steve had just gotten in after his morning workout and Tony helped clean him,
“Nope,” Tony announced. “Not going to happen. Let’s call you something that does not dehumanize you, eh? How about…” Tony searched his mind for the past he shared with Bucky and then grinned to himself. “We’ll call you ‘Jerk.’”
Peter’s brows shot together in confusion and he asked, “What do you mean?”
“What can I say? You're very captivating,” Wade flirted.
Steve response was to smile with a large and genuine grin. The man was an open book to Tony and he could tell the super soldier found absolute pleasure in providing for him.
Steve fell to his knees and instinctually put pressure on the wounds even though it would be no help in the dream.
A confusing array of emotions twisted inside him as he thought of her.
be an assassin!” Steve countered with a groan.
The voices in his head had quieted over the years but were now reawakening, telling him he was no good for Peter. First, they started out as whispers but their voices grew into a loud clangor that he couldn’t distinguish much meaning from.
Tony nodded and whispered, “It’ll probably be best if I hang with Panzer’s crew instead of the Commandos too.”
know you????”
“Contract…?” Steve murmured in confusion. Ms. Potts hurried over to the counter and began rummaging in her suitcase.
“But you kissed Cap!” Clint gasped.
Peter picked up his step and turned on his music as soon as he entered his room before he could hear anymore. He fell back onto his bed, chuckling to himself. Those two were always ridiculously affectionate but he was happy to see this media storm didn't change that aspect of their lives. Even though it was awkward as hell, it also made his heart feel lighter. His parents still could find joy in all of this chaos...maybe Peter can do the same.
Schmidt drew a knife from his side and held Steve’s left arm tightly as he stated, “Soul implants are extremely hard to remove but…”
He’d grown used to the hollow feeling that such a worth accompanied…until Natasha had changed that. She had given his life value again. It was taken away when they took him away but now, years later, she had presented him with the possibility of giving it value again.
“No,” Steve chuckled. “No, it isn’t because you ended our affair because you thought my straight friend,
Wade looked surprised by his laugh and turned his barstool to fully look at Peter. He regarded Peter curiously. He probably was not used to strangers warming up to him so easily.
Tony Stark. Tony Stark: the drunk, playboy, unpredictable maniac.
“That was not a kill. That was a feeding,” Venom reasoned.
Steve looked…shocked, like he had been expecting Tony to tell him different.
This was what couples did. They flirted, they went on dates, they gazed at stars, they cuddled, and they held hands. This was finally happening to Steve…
“Nah, not really,” Tony murmured.
They embraced in a sudden hug that connected their mouths in a deep kiss that only broke when Steve gasped into his mouth, “God, I love you so much.”
Tony was shoved down and a beam of blue light shot from the smoke where his head was a moment ago. Tony fell down painfully from the force and looked up to see he’d been pushed by his own suit. His chest flared with pain from the impact and Tony clutched his chest as he groaned, “J! Be careful! We may not be on the same cosmic time level right now but I’m still flesh and blood!”
Natasha ran to the edge and snapped her hook onto the railing before jumping over. Her tether whined as it quickly unfurled and Natasha was smirking to herself.
“Aren’t you going to help the others look for Barnes?” Tony asked.
Steve froze, and Bucky smiled warmly at him.
“Ugh, babe, do not even imagine it. You’re making us sound old,” Tony groaned, leaning heavily into him.
The insinuation stabbed Steve right in the heart and he quickly rebutted, “
“Always happy to tease my husband,” Steve said, smiling crookedly at Tony.
Several programs opened on his screen as Jarvis searched for a satellite signal.
Why did Bucky have to die?
He held his metal arm before him like a shield and angled his body as he weaved to avoid the bullets. With his other arm he shot at them as he was clipped and hit by their bullets.
Steve laughed with unadulterated mirth and wrapped his arms around Tony. Bits of mattress stuck to his fingers and floated around them. Tony eyed the bits of his mattress with an amused grin. He plucked one mothball off Steve and blew on it lightly, sending it flying from his hand.
“Go save the rest of the company, super-woman,” Tony joked, waving her away.
Tony had used the notes his father had left him to create the element he’d been unable to and now he had a new arc reactor and a new chance at life. Those notes led him to the few clues his father had been able to leave him this model and an old reel of film.
He also liked to say “no” and “boom.”
Tony clenched his fist tightly on the railing. It always had been his technology that was the fault in their deaths. Ever since Edward’s death, Tony had thrown himself into updating the Iron Man suit. He’d made several new versions and was now building the 15
The footprints originated from the pilot’s seat.
Steve tore himself from Thor’s hold and snatched Peter from Tony’s grasp. He held his son tightly to his chest. Peter was shaking but silent. He could feel their tension and anger in the air.
“I’m a dirty boy,” Tony retorted with smirk. “You have firsthand knowledge of how dirty I can be.”
“Let him look at the reactor at least,” Steve pressed, grasping Tony’s shoulder again.
Peter burst out laughing and Wade smothered Peter’s laugh with his lips. He speared his tongue into Peter’s mouth and Peter throatily groaned. Peter curled his hands into Wade’s shirt and wildly returned the kiss, making it filthier. Wade tested the waters and let his hands creep under Peter’s shirt a little.
Tony grinned sadly and said, “You’re a man after my own heart.”
“Oi, what are you –?” Monty began.
“They want all of us to come to an address in Ohio.”
, Tony couldn’t really think straight but he was absolutely positive they needed to continue.
Steve rolled his eyes then shrugged at Bucky uselessly. There was not much they could do at this hour.
Fuck…She was good.
Steve picked up the bed and threw it at the largest cluster of men and then jumped out of the window.
“Alright, just text me when you’re good to go,” Wade replied. “Want to meet at our roof again?”
“Shut up, jerk,” Steve groaned, finally pulling away from his friend and turned to take in Tony’s home for the first time. It was beautiful and the views were stunning. He could easily picture Tony walking from the kitchen with a fresh cup of coffee and taking in the same view as Steve was…
“Sweetheart, you’re barely able to function in bed. You won’t be able to get on that plane nonetheless fight Schmidt…”
“Mm –
“Sir, SHIELD is requesting to land a quinjet on your personal balcony,” Jarvis announced.
Bruce stepped outside and quickly ushered SHIELD’s doctors inside before Steve could change his mind.
Steve was struggling to breath and the hole in his chest was smoking.
Tony thought the metallic covering on his arm was another weird latch, but it did not come off and then Bucky moved it and Tony realized it was his arm. He cursed colorfully under his breath and grabbed it to inspect it closer.
“There is a 77.65% that this is the shield your father created for Project Rebirth,” Jarvis stated.
Tony tiptoed over to him and paused at the foot of the lounge chair. A sudden realization presented itself to him. Yesterday, they had been fully clothed but now nearly all of Steve’s skin was laid out before him with only some flimsy swim trunks for modesty. Steve’s usual golden skin was near glowing in the sun, highlighting the perfection of his muscles with a reflective, white sheen. He breathed evenly and every time his expansive chest rose, his trunks lowered slightly and that little extra skin that was revealed each time hypnotized Tony.
Steve looked around them with a befuddled expression and then looked to Tony with a pinched brow.
“It’s just Bucky being paranoid,” Steve murmured, shaking his head. “I don’t do it that much and, apparently, everyone in the future think me and Peggy had a thing so I think we’ll keep doing rather well in hiding it…”
Venom turned onto its back and peered up at him with his white eyes.
Bucky picked up his tray and replied, “Alright, punk, but no frisky business. I got my eye on you two.”
“And I think Tony wants to get to know you too,” Rogers whispered. “He…celebrated your birthday, every year since you were born. He might have not reached out to you but he never forgot you.”
Steve lightly ran his thumb over Tony’s cheek and tried to smile the best he could. He stepped away from Tony and he instantly felt unsteady without him at his side. He only walked a few steps away before having to look over his shoulder to see Tony. Maybe he had just never noticed it before, they had led the team together and were best friends, and so they were always close. So, although they had only “really” been together for a little over a week, Steve had already found Tony to be an essential part of his life.
Almost divided this chapter in two but thought it’d be more fun to leave off with this angsty cliffhanger
Tony closed the distance between them in a few steps and fell to his knees in front of him. He wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist and lay his head on his lap. Steve put one hand on his head and the other grasped Tony’s shoulder tightly.
“This is none of your business, Steve,” she retorted angrily.
“Okay,” Steve murmured and the sound of his voice drew Tony’s eyes back to him. He was captured by Steve’s sky blue eyes and drowned in their depths.
Tony stopped touching it and smiled at him warmly. He murmured, “No, it’s fine, Steve.”
Hulk was leaning into both of his massive fists, pinning Venom beneath his weight. Venom struggled in his grasp, but even before it grew weaker, Venom was no match for the Hulk. Hulk glowered at the symbiote and was mumbling darkly under his breath.
Steve drew back and looked down at the metal appendage in horror. He gasped, “What happened to you?”
“He will perish from either the blood loss or the collapsed lung,” Jarvis stated.
–,” he groaned.
“No…God, I wanted to Bucky but no. I can’t believe…I did not think you swung that way…” Steve whispered, his heart pinning for the unfair loss.
So, after he dried off his hands, Steve faced his husband. Tony squared his shoulders, expecting the argument to ensue, but, instead, Steve embraced him. Tony tensed for a second then relaxed into his hold and returned the hug.
"We're rationing," Steve teased and Tony sighed heavily and overdramatically, making Steve smile.
Sighing heavily, he whispered, “There is one way…but you’re not going to like it…”
“Pancakes,” Tony mumbled indignantly.
“I want you to
“Yes,” Natasha replied tightly.
“What the hell?” Tony hissed as soon as he was out of ear shot.
It didn’t work.
“Peggy?” He whispered her name in a quiet whisper.
,” Tony whispered. He wrapped his arms around Steve and kissed the top of his head. He had literally died and gone to heaven. Never in his wildest dreams had he thought he’d experience anything like that!
Steve spotted a glint on the roof of a distant laundry mat. Could it be a sniper’s scope? Could it be Bucky?
“I don’t see you stripping, babe,” Tony teased. Steve’s gaze was drawn back to Tony and in his eyes he did not see disgust but desire, sprinkled with a dash of mirth. Tony did not see the deformity, he saw Steve and only Steve. He was teasing him like he always did and it made the unease in his stomach blossom with steady warmth.
“You alright?” Panzer asked, lightly grasping his shoulder. Steve and the plane were gone and they were driving through the woods with the rest of the convoy around them. Tony gasped, “J-just a dream.”
Howard’s tent hadn’t been broken down yet and, when Bucky stuck his head in, he saw exactly what he expected. Tony still asleep and Steve sitting next to him on the cot. Steve had been gently petting the side of Tony’s face but pulled back his hand guiltily when he saw Bucky.
Steve ran his fingers across Tony’s cheek one last time and then stepped back, leaving Tony’s embrace cold. Bucky returned to Steve’s side and grasped his arm tightly.
They both wrapped towels around their hips. Tony directed Steve to sit on the tub’s edge and then laid out all his shaving supplies on the nearest counter. He wordlessly handed Steve a hand towel to catch the hair and then got to work.
He was engulfed in a hug and he only needed to see that red hair to know who held him. His arms snapped around her and he buried his face in her hair and he just cried. He missed her so much and he had needed her in his grief and now here she finally was.
Steve was going to trial for an assault he did not commit.
Tony grasped his arm and murmured, “Jarvis is checking on anyone who’d be classified as your ‘friend.’ Peggy was the first and Jarvis says she’s fine.”
Steve closed the door to Bruce’s lab and looked across the hallway to Tony’s sealed lab door.
He watched the recent events as they unfolded like an epic of old. He saw the rise and fall of Hydra. He saw the fall of the Man of Iron and he saw the fall of the Avenger’s Captain. And with his all-hearing ears, he had heard the Son of Coul murmur his suspicions with Bruce Banner.
Bucky reached out and grasped Steve’s hand with both of his. His hold was gentle as if Steve was still small and dying and as fragile as fractured glass.
Steve knew he'd said it hundreds of times already but Steve was so grateful for him. He said it again, “Thank you.”
Tony went to work on his armor to make it better and stronger and something the Red Skull would fear. Revenge was on his mind and he planned to take down the Red Skull and his organization. He already had Jarvis downloading everything available on Hydra and sent his AI to work on figuring out how deep Hydra got into SHIELD and other organizations.
Because he and Tony had been standing together when the rest of the team joined them, they had ended up sitting together too. Steve was Bucky’s other side and Gabe was on Tony’s other. Gabe, however, had been wrapped up in a conversation in rapid French with Jacques so Bucky was the only one to hear the sharp and sudden inhalation from Tony.
“Nat –,” Steve began.
Yesterday, he had seen a completely different side to Wade Wilson.
The employee nodded to a small rack of newspapers and said, “Yeah, 2009, see? Now you gonna buy anything?”
Steve had packed him one before they left and it should still be in his tent.
!” Mary growled, slamming her fist down onto the nearest lab table and the metal surface collapsed under her fist.
Steve walked up behind him and wound his arms around him and leaned into his back. Tony leaned back, pressing the back of his head into Steve’s shoulder.
He doubted he’d ever forget the horrific image though.
And it didn’t…
“Peter??” Steve gasped.
“Bits and pieces,” Bucky replied non-committedly. He closed his fist and hoarsely whispered, “Every day, I remember more though…”
Peter put all his focus on imagining Venom ripping itself from his body but nothing happened…in fact, Venom contracted tighter around him.
Tony  gasped, “You’re going to stay. Here. Forever.”
Running his fingers through Tony's hair, Steve murmured, “Tony, hey, Tony?”
Instead, he let this all wash over him and then he wiped the tears off his face.
“Th-The couch,” Stave gasped, when he broke away for a breath. His legs were beginning to shake.
Vision nodded and wrapped an arm around Wanda’s waist and then held out his free arm to Wade. Wade stumbled into his embrace but never once took his eyes off his boyfriend.
Tony grasped Peter’s arm and said, “You may grow up to be as strong as your Pops but you are going to grow up as awesome as your Uncle Tony!”
“A date, out in the open. I want to be a normal couple out in public,” Steve whispered, nuzzling his face against Tony’s. Tony nuzzled back with a small smile as he placed a hand over Steve’s heart. Steve smiled back and continued, “We can get a bite to eat and flirt without care…walk down the boardwalk holding hands, and I can kiss you without worrying who would see and talk...”
Peter paused to stare at Wade's erection as it bounced back on to his stomach. His face was unreadable and Wade fearfully wondered if he was having second thoughts. Even his cock had the ugly scars...
Steve spun around to go to the Hulk Room but moved to fast and lost his vision for a second as his mind spun.
With slicked up fingers, Tony reached behind Steve and Steve arched back into his touch as he breached him. Tony pressed his forehead to Steve’s and gasped into his mouth, “I love you so fucking much.”
She stood up and gained her composure as she glanced back to the corpse. The man had been shot multiple times in the chest and his throat had been crushed by an inhumanly strong grip. The Winter Soldier’s metal arm came to mind and she turned to the officer.
“Thank you,” Steve whispered as hope was renewed and billowed in his chest.
The jet was made for transporting large vehicles and military personal. Leaving Steve and Tony alone in its large hull.
“You dork, I love you so much.”
Outside the church, the clangor of the world was loud as news outlets from all around the planet set up their equipment to let everyone say goodbye to the Captain one last time. It was predicted that this was going to beat all the records and become one of the most watched things in history.
His hand froze in Steve’s scalp and he whispered, “Steve…how about we go on that first date?”
Steve smiled with Tony’s use of his favorite pet name and crossed the last leg of the room to place himself in front of Tony. He grasped the goggles on Tony’s face and lifted them up and over his face.
Steve hissed as Tony’s hot hand began to stroke him. Steve automatically rutted into Tony’s hand. He instantly flushed from embarrassment from his behavior but loved it all the same. It was better than he had imagined it. Tony’s hands were calloused and smaller than Steve’s but he rubbed him in all the right ways.
“Yes, hygiene is very important for someone healing,” Steve agreed breathlessly.
Peter snuggled closer into Tony’s chest and his boyfriend looked excitedly at Steve. He whispered animatedly, “Did you see that??”
with him.
Steve shook his head and replied, “My plane crashed nearby.”
Peter did not lift his head or answer but Bruce thought it best to leave him alone to think about what Bruce said. He hoped it would help, even if it was in a small way.
“They look like burritos…” Peter deadpanned. He'd never had chimichangas before but, from the way Wade always talked about them, Peter was expecting something more...spectacular.
“Is it a type of food?”
The agent in front of him snapped his arm up and pointed his gun at Tony’s head with his safety off and his finger on the trigger. Grinning, the man hissed, “Hail Hydra.”
,” Wade whispered, his voice filled with more emotion than he’d ever heard from the man before. “I-I…” He sighed heavily and whispered, “Pete, I like you. I really do and…I’m willing to do whatever I can to keep us together.”
Tony sat up and said, “N-Nothing. I-I’ve got to find Steve.”
Once nicely pantsed, Steve returned to his son and wordlessly picked him up. He sat Peter on his left hip, his uninjured side, and Peter automatically grasped his shirt. His tiny fingers felt for the necklace holding his dog-tags then latched onto them through the fabric.
“Ouch,” Peter murmured, handing over his credit card. Harold inserted it into the chip reader with a chuckle. His eyes glazed over the card but then he did a quick double check and Peter winced. With half the card sticking out, his first name was indistinguishable but ‘Parker’ was easy to see. Harold glanced from him to the card, back to the card, and then back to Peter again.
The unmoving weight turned his entire body to ice. Did Bucky shoot him? Was Tony-?
Nonetheless, they tried to escape.
Peter began to shake as he looked over the various wounds he’d inflicted on Wade. He’d seen people torn apart by aliens but looking at Wade like this and knowing he’d done it made Peter want to vomit.
much alive.
She threw him the remains of the bullet and he caught it. With an empty heart, he opened his palm and peered at it. He began to shake and Peter nervously rubbed his dog tags together upon feeling his father’s trembling.
Tony clutched his stomach and laughed harder. The tension he’d been feeling melted away with Bruce’s dry humor. He gasped, “Thank God for you Bruce!”
He just sat there…on one of his benches…and stared at the cabinet that held additional lubrication, oil, and coolant for his robots.
Tony mock gasped and said, “Steve! I’m hurt! I thought you trusted my technical prowess!”
“So I won you? I’m the first to break the Winter Soldier’s win record?” Tony said with a gleeful smile, his voice laced with emotion and a dash of the teasing humor Steve loved so much.
! What else was there to talk about that hadn’t already been said? They’ve already kissed, made out, and felt each other up so why not? They both wanted it so the decision was not too hard for him to make.
Steve smiled sweetly at him and, for a moment, Tony forgot why he was mad at him. Steve curled his fingers around Tony’s and whispered, “Thank you…”
“Hmm?”
Jarvis stood sentry at the edge of the pool with its arms crossed over its chest. Something was off about the suit. Maybe it was the way Jarvis stood? It was very subdued compared to Tony’s usual cocky stance in the armor.
Wade’s “Sunday best” consisted of an old suit. The legs were black and the top was navy and he wore a tie with teddy bears. His infamous mask was sticking out of his pocket. Peter chuckled as he took in the entire outfit.
The man had shot Steve in the spine, paralyzing him but not killing him. Steve was still aware when he fell and had heard the horror in Tony’s voice when he called out to him. He also knew they knocked out Tony and Schmidt told his men to leave Tony and Bucky behind. Schmidt had said something about his soldier needing to complete a mission and Steve feared for his soulmate.
Steve and Colonel Philips had mapped out where the Commandos were going to look prior to the mission. If all went well, they’d be out there for four hours and be back before dinner time. As the hours passed and Tony grew bored, Steve was beginning to wonder what the cooks were going to make for dinner.
Peter looked around them. His Aunt May was thankfully nowhere in sight and most of the street had cleared as soon as Venom made its appearance. Some foolhardy people stayed behind to film on their phones, using a car or post as a barrier between them.
The subject of their son could not be avoided and Tony was the first to ask, “Do you think he is aware of what is happening?”
Smirking, Tony leaned into Steve and Steve lay his head on top of his. Just as Tony was beginning to feel a little dozy from the car ride, Steve whispered, “So we’re really dating now? We’re really not just doing this on the side anymore?”
Peter’s hold on Steve became tighter as the woman’s image focused.
Steve smiled at him and pressed closer to him so his chest was against Tony’s. Their hearts beat erratically against each other’s, another thing he never noticed in the dream world but he kept noticing it now and could not get enough of it.
Steve looked at the Hulkbuster then back to Tony and asked, “Why is this giant robot important?”
As soon as he caught sight of his dad’s expression, Peter’s lower lip wobbled and then he ran across the room and into his dad’s arms. His dad automatically wrapped his arms around him and whispered in surprise, “Peter?”
“Wait!” Bucky held up his hand. Bucky pointed at Tony’s chest with both of his hands and gasped, “You have a freaking light in your chest.”
He grabbed Steve’s hand and pulled him off the couch. Tony gasped, “You need to eat!”
“Very well,” Jarvis stated and the elevator opened for Natasha.
Natasha ran her hands down his sides until she reached his hips and then pressed his hips to hers. He moaned into her mouth as the friction between their bodies made him electrified with desire.
He wanted to be at Tony’s side at that exact second or at least hear his voice.
Peter nodded and replied, “And more to come.”
Steve nodded and said, “I’ll just put ‘What do you want?’”
Eddie shook his head and said, “Don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone like that ass, Mac…”
Tony’s eyes suddenly were not meeting his and a telltale flush crept along his cheeks. Tony was uneasy and Steve already felt a little better. If Tony was flushing from shame then he knew what he did was wrong. Maybe he forgot to tell him? He probably was not expecting to find Steve having a panic attack so it’s quite understandable that he was somewhat distracted!
Unbeknownst to them, the news broadcasts and social networks were flooding with news of their relationship. The Avengers were waiting backstage and were proudly watching it all from the TV on the wall.
“Here to help,” Steve told the AI and the jumped down into the second hole.
The arc reactor bit into the skin of Steve’s chest and vibrated with power keeping Tony alive. They both were breathing heavily with their chests heaving against each other.
then the second half of this chapter may be a little confusing...
“Shut it!” Natasha growled and tried lunging at him again. Bucky backed off and clenched his fists at his side, his metal fist sparked from the hole created by the dagger Natasha had stabbed him with.
,” Tony whispered, his voice breaking.
“He was found in one of
Tony sighed heavily and said, “Good. I would have raised hell if they even tried to keep you
Captain Rogers wouldn’t give up but he may be unconscious because of the super soldier serum. Rogers was able to heal himself, but what was the price? Did the serum require payment for working a miracle? Was that payment time?
“What about the future?” Steve asked uneasily, like reminding Cable of the possibility would change his mind.
“If we’re caught-.”
The past Tony fell but Tony was able to remain standing for now…his hands and feet lost all feeling. He lifted one hand and saw the edges disappearing.
Steve’s eyes shot back to Bucky. Could it be true? He remembered the pain from Dr. Erskine’s experiment and he couldn’t imagine how much more worse it had to be for Bucky under Dr. Zola.
“SHIELD?” Steve asked.
But now Venom was giving Peter freedom and a tentative and extremely thin tendril of hope reformed.
“Our son,” Tony agreed.
He changed the direction of his flight in a millisecond and put all of his repulsors on full thrust, going faster than he ever had before. He’d been flying over the greater Los Angeles area, looking for any signs of Steve to no avail until that moment.
Eddie walked across the room to the opposite wall that was purely a window. He looked down and stated, “They all look so small down there…”
His misguided interpretations made Peter’s stomach feel upset.
“Steve,” Father Michael repeated with a chuckle. “What more can I do to help you, Steve?”
Until he kissed the corner of Steve’s lips.
But he was still his soulmate and to hear of his interest in another...
Tony turned to the super soldier and that melancholy weight on his shoulders tripled.
“Tony,” both Steve and Pepper groaned together. Tony was being obnoxious on purpose to both of them and ignoring the obvious danger.
“Let’s go home,” Steve whispered in his ear.
Peter still could not believe it. He gasped into the muscled chest, “Are you another android?”
Pity clouded Pepper’s features but she listened to his request and said, “Okay. Here’s your lines and please stick to them.”
Tony put his hand over Steve’s and assured him, “I’m fine. My dad was able to figure out the element I needed in the decades between my travel.”
“Pete, get down. I ain’t leavin’ ya alone,” his uncle said, his Brooklyn accent crawled in his statement as his annoyance grew.
“He danced up a storm at the reception,” Steve quietly retorted with a found smile as he remembered the little boy dancing with whoever he could to the music.
But enough about that! Thanks again for reading everyone! Ya'll are awesome!
!! You wouldn’t believe how many times he’s taken Cable’s time glove! Look, you guys just – just stop looking at those pictures and – and sit here!” He motioned to the nearest couch and continued, “I’ll get Wade and make him take you back and you guys will need to go about your lives like this never happened!”
Despite the excitement that was brought about with their kisses, their bodies reminded them of the exhaustions of the day as soon as they laid down. Their wild kisses turned lazy and they fell asleep wrapped in each other’s arms with their lips still just touching.
Tony hissed, turning to him with his fists clenched at his sides. He demanded, "Why would you do that? Was he threatening you?? Did he force you-?"
Steve strolled to a stop beside Tony and said, “I..I’m done here too. Let me walk with you.”
“Tony!” He exclaimed, skidding on his knees to a stop beside him. Tony jerked and lifted his head with a confused expression and glassy eyes. He looked on the verge of crying and it crushed Steve to see Tony in such a state.
This was him. It really was him! He was alive!
There was a loud thumping sound on the roof of the van and then the window broke by Sitwell and he was gone in an instant.
“Steve chuckled and murmured, “Obviously, but what else? Would you want to marry? Start a family? Stay at the Tower? Stay in the Avengers?”
German.
Natasha kissed a patch of gnarled flesh and then sat up.
Steve was alive.
his husband.
Hence Bucky thinking he would be killed.
“Oh yeah…” Tony grumbled and got back to his feet with a groan.
Jarvis placed the new color onto the design of the suit and said, “The render is complete.”
Steve’s stomach grumbled loudly at that.
With a suggestive twitch to his eyebrows, Tony huskily murmured, “I was thinking, maybe, we both take a peek under our clothes and see what happens from there…”
“I love Tony too,” Steve interrupted.
With Steve’s arms still wrapped around him and his head resting on Tony’s shoulder, Tony turned back to the screens and excitedly went back to searching.
Peter reached the door, looked at the two figures stepping out of the elevator, and his brain short-circuited. Peter’s legs gave out beneath him and absolute shock numbed all his senses.
But Steve reached between them and carded his fingers with Tony’s and whispered, “I’d love to go on a date with you, Tony…”
The breath caught in Steve’s throat at Howard’s suggestion. Steve probably wouldn’t see Tony after that then. Howard and his team would take over and help Tony get back to the time machine as soon as they had the tesseract.
“Yes.” Steve stood and motioned to the entire park as he said, “Everything you see here is alive.”
Century shaving gel and razors.”
Our couples will be meeting next time and it's not going to be pretty for both...
Steve was already turned on by Tony sitting on him but, with those words, Steve’s fingers dug into Tony’s thighs and, with heat starting to pool madly in his belly, Steve breathlessly gasped,
“Are you telling me the hammer is sentient,” Tony groaned in disbelief.
Both Stark and his target’s faces paled. His target’s eyes shot to Stark’s extended arm where his soul implant was clearly visible to her. The Soldier could only see the back of his arm, but, by the target’s reaction, he knew the implant had reset. Her expression was hard but her eyes glazed over with pain.
The turn around worked and Tony clutched his face in horror, no longer noticing Steve's reaction to Tony’s feelings toward Lana.
“No, Tony,” Steve gasped wetly. He pressed his face into Tony’s shoulder and whispered, “I know everything I need to know. I love you as much as the day I married you. If you don’t come back, I will follow you. I’ll bend space and time to bring you back to me. You’re my home and I am yours. No matter the era or paradox. I will follow.”
“No prob, doc!” Tony laughed, throwing the blankets off him.
Natasha Romanoff.
“Uh…Steve?” He offered but he was not sure if he should give his real last name or the fake one Tony made for him. Had Tony mentioned him to her? If not, were they going to keep it a secret from her?
“Peter’s fine?” Steve gasped. “You’re both fine?”
Peter nodded and crawled back on top of him. He was blushing like mad sitting on Wade's waist where he had been gyrating against him moments before. Peter lightly placed his hands on Wade's chest and murmured, “I totally jumped you.”
“I do too,” Steve whispered, lightly nuzzling his face into Tony’s. “I just didn’t realize you weren’t a morning person all this time and it just reminded me…” He didn’t finish but it didn’t need to be said. It was just a reminder that Steve wasn’t a part of Tony’s awake life…
Bucky did not respond at first, as if he were weighing his words. He grasped Steve’s hand and, when he did speak, his voice was certain as he stated, “Stark won’t forgive you if I stick around.”
A swirl of the bright light exploded in the middle of the field. Steve also grabbed on to Tony and they scrambled back from the fireworks.
“Thanks, Pegs,” Howard whispered and hung up the phone.
His heart squeezed painfully. He knew the adults had a rational argument but it did not matter to Peter. Pops had never betrayed Peter like that before…it hurt. It felt like Pops was taking something from him almost out of spite.
Steve’s misery was so strong that it made Tony sad just looking at him. But as they stared at each other, something else grew in Steve’s gaze…hope?
This was exactly what he had been waiting for.
When Tony woke the next morning, he lay awake for a long time, not wanting to pull away from Steve’s side. Eventually, he pushed himself up on his elbow and shook Steve’s shoulder. He hissed, “Wake up, Steve! Wake up or I’ll drink all the coffee and leave none for you!”
Steve’s stomach sank. He gave him his real name.
He knew Tony wanted to love Steve similarly.
He followed Wade’s gaze and lifted his hand.
Steve followed him into the kitchen and said, “I was about to make lunch. Sandwiches sound good?”
“Not here,” Steve hissed into his mouth and then promised, “Maybe later tonight.”
“Bye, Uncle Ben!” Steve said and Peter perked up as he realized Ben was leaving.
There was only one reason why he asked the Captain to meet him.
Wade fell to Peter’s side while everyone around him started to yell.
“I take it we have you to thank for this,” Pepper wetly laughed. Tony did not wholly let go of Steve but he did turn to his friend. She must’ve followed him up the stairs as she was right there and was smiling at the both of them with tears in her eyes.
Tony clutched Steve tightly and gasped, “I’m here, beloved…I’m here.”
“Jarvis, please take Captain Rogers to his floor and deny him access to my apartment and the workshop,” Tony stated, his back to Steve.
Steve dropped his face into his hand and gasped in a broken voice, “
Tony cleared his throat and said, “Hey, nano-dudes, listen to my kid and skedaddle.”
Tony was tempted to blurt out right there that he was madly in love with him but he held his tongue. He gazed down at Steve, his cheeks still flushed from his confession and Tony’s questions. The fact that Steve never told him he was gay until that moment was what halted Tony’s confession.
“The DNA test you took today will take a few days to process. We both know it is going to come back positive,” Tony stated seriously.
Peter easily stopped him using the moves Aunt Tasha taught him. He wished she could see him, using it, and saving someone. For a brief second, he felt immensely proud of himself.
She heard his footsteps as he approached and then he roughly picked her head up by her hair. He murmured, “Well, let us continue your training, my dear.”
Steve could barely understand the boy in his arms, but he knew he was trying to talk to Steve.
He shivered just thinking of it.
I hope everyone had some happy holidays! I am back and I come with the promise of weekly updates! No more holidays or other fics delaying this one! In other words, we'll find out the fate of the future and these two before you know it! Thanks for reading! :D
Peter slipped away to the intern labs in their off hours, unable to stay away from their experiment. He had texted Eddie and his friend was going to meet him there in another 30 minutes, but, for the time being, he was alone with their bio-shield in their new personal lab. He spent a few minutes appreciating the new layout with more advanced equipment and a staging area to experiment with the shield. The shield itself was tucked away in the main freezer, waiting to be used again.
Knowing it was fake was upsetting but he considered himself lucky getting the chance to live out his fantasy, even if it was just kisses… He felt bad for deceiving Tony and he hoped it would not be too awkward of an experience for his friend…
Eventually, Tony butted in and said, “We’re going with the blue one!” When they all stared at him questionably, Tony retorted, “It’ll go with Steve’s eyes.”
He imaged his hands on Tony’s bare back and all the blood that had originally run to his face fell straight down to his groin. Steve sputtered and stepped away from the door.
“It’s fake,” Steve said. His eyes glanced at the mirror to meet his friend’s eyes for a moment and he explained, “To help me out in trial. Public opinion of me will be greater if I’m in a relationship. They’re more likely to believe that I didn’t do it.”
He removed his hand from his eyes and, without looking back, he waved it over his head and said, “Carry on. I’ll ask Friday when it’s safe to come out again.”
Venom surged back down upon his son and Steve tried to draw Peter away from it. Yet Venom was still attached to his son so his attempts were in vain. He screamed, “GET AWAY! GET AWAY FROM HIM!”
Until one noise stood out clearly to him: the blast of a single bullet. It was quickly followed by the heavy weight of Iron Man falling on top of him.
He thought he was in a foreign city until he saw the familiar spire of Empire State Building in the distance. Steve climbed to the top of a building and spun around, taking in the familiar and unusual skyscrapers. Under his breath, and with his pulse picking up, and his mind grasping for answers, he gasped, “Wh-What?”
“What did he say?” Natasha groaned.
Thank you for reading!
“I don’t know,” Steve whispered. He returned to the living room and was surprised to see Tony gone. He looked outside and saw him floating several feet away from the Tower’s perimeter.
“Please don’t,” Steve gasped, his fingers dug into Bucky’s flesh for an instant then he lessened his hold slightly.
? You mean
Steve pressed his face into Tony’s shoulder to escape his gaze. His heart was overfilling with so much love that his lips trembled with the sentiment. He knew if he kept staring at Tony’s devout gaze, he’d confess again. At that moment, when he was on the edge of orgasm, he wanted to tell Tony he loved him so much. He wanted to whisper it to him constantly…
Memories, vivid in color and coldness, flickered in his mind. He saw a train on the edge of a snowy mountain side. He saw the Captain calling out to him.
“No, you’re a meatball,” Bucky said. “Any everyone with half a brain knows Steve’s first name. What’s Peter’s middle name?”
Tony took a steadying breath, preparing himself for the inevitable.
Wade snorted but he couldn’t help but agree with his wayward thoughts as he was wrapped around Peter’s lithe body.
Steve’s weight became less noticeable with that statement and Tony wound his arms around Steve, his hands interlocking in the center of Steve’s back, and whispered, “Please, don’t.”
“Assumed?” Tony asked, his eyebrows raising a tick, on top of everything else, did he have to worry about Jarvis going Terminator on him.
“The fact that my face is more cratered than the moon?”
Tony smiled warmly at his soulmate and then whispered, “We can go home tomorrow.”
Peter snorted and leaned back into Wade. He turned his head and smiled warmly at Wade. He promised, “She’ll love you.”
Playing along with Tony, Steve stated, “I advise you to go all in on this investment, Mr. Stark. I hear Rogers is a sure thing!”
Peter’s reply was sobering. Tony tried not to let the hurt show. Peter valued his privacy but Tony was a very outgoing and open person. Part of the reason he wanted to marry Steve was so he could show everyone, the world, how much he loved that man…with Peter he’d never get that chance. It hurt having to confine himself in such a way, but he’d continue to do it. He loved his son and, even though he couldn’t yell it from the top of his lungs in the middle of Times Square, Tony would continue to follow Peter’s wishes.
Steve shook his head, rubbing his dripping eyes into Tony’s shoulder.
“What...?” Tony said, dumbfounded at first but very slowly the anxiety started to bleed in with the fear of the unknown.
Ross pointed his gun away from Steve and to the two most important people in his life.
“I’m going to get better,” Steve soothed. He gently touched Peter’s leg and his boy flinched from the texture of the bandages.
Upon his exclamation, Bucky sharply got to his feet and looked to where they stood in the kitchen with calculating eyes. When he saw no danger, he slowly lowered himself back down to the couch and even more slowly turned back to the TV.
“Alright,” he sighed heavily and then pointed out the window and said, “You’ll want to go down Decatur Street and then turn right onto 7th from there I’d tell people to follow signs for the I-10 West, but you don’t have a car, man…
Or…maybe he was interested in him but just…just not in the same way Tony was? It wasn’t like Steve but…could he be experimenting? Was Steve merely exploring his newly freed gayness? Was he not looking for any attachments?
“Wilson?” Vision questioned his sudden fear, unable to see her despite her standing in front of him.
He grasped Tony’s uninjured hand with his right hand while he moved his left hand into position. Making sure it was hidden from everyone so they could not stop him.
Wade’s stomach gurgled in his ear and Peter chuckled. He pulled back and looked up to Wade. He said, “Let’s get out of here and get something to eat.”
Bucky inhaled sharply but did not say anything more. After a moment’s hesitation, he hugged Steve tighter and Steve let himself relax into Bucky’s mold. With his right hand, Bucky gently pet the back of his head.
The more prominent ones were on the sides and under the reactor so Tony probably couldn’t see them.
Tony nodded and said, “Made a new toy for mini Freedom.”
Peter jumped to his feet and gasped, “Yes! Eddie and I have been given a private lab and are you to do more advanced tests tomorrow but its working! The shield is protecting us from things that could cause us harm! It’s stable!
Despite seeing it's innards, Tony did not know how the time machine worked. The Red Skull and his key to the future were lost to the wind and the sooner he was found, the sooner he could get home. And the closer he was to Cap, the more likely he'd be able to help take him down.
“So we should just do that,” Tony concluded with a shrug. When Steve and Bucky stared blankly at him, Tony explained, “We get the dynamic duo to spar and this guy steals a kiss again.”
Mary did not expect to see Peter Parker ever again until he came walking through the lab doors, dragging an IV bag behind him and being trailed by none other than Director Phil Coulson.
“Okay, there might be something bothering me,” Tony stated. The “I knew it” look came across Bruce’s face and Tony was tempted to make a jibe at Bruce but made an annoyed face instead. He explained, “There’s something about me you don’t know and it’s pretty bad.”
“Why did you do it?” Steve asked, not meeting his eyes. “Yesterday was so nice. We spent all day together and nothing should have…should have triggered
“Of course, Carter,” Howard replied. “I’ll hire more security if that will make you feel better.”
…Did that do it? Was letting Steve walk out of his life all he needed to do? Was J, the suit, and the future going to be back to normal?
“I told you to protect his happiness!” Tony rebuked.
Steve nodded and replied, “I hadn’t realized how infused you were in my life until you were gone…It felt like I was missing a piece of myself…”
– Peter, neither one of us would have done that…which makes us innocent. Eventually, I learned how to control Hulk…but I can still lose control if I am suddenly angered... Do you want to know how I live with myself?”
Arriving at the Allies’ Switzerland base, meant they were one step closer to defeating Hydra.
Bruce knelt in front of Steve and wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders, drawing him into an embrace. Steve grabbed the edge of Bruce’s sweater and buried his face into his shoulder.
Tony closed the door behind him and whispered, “Steve?”
It was only after Natasha had learned from his tutelage and began to match him in skill that the once emotionless Winter Soldier began to feel something for the first time in a long time: fear.
So it was glaringly obvious why Tony ended it...He wanted to be with someone else.
Before leaving to meet up with Tony, Bucky gave him a long and serious lecture on caution and how to protect the nature of their meeting from others.
Peter looked down at his disassembled camera and then stated, “I might go out too.”
“That hammer’s gotta have something in it,” Tony murmured. Tony paused the video with his eyes focused, not on Thor, but the behemoth he was fighting. He continued, “But enough about that, what about the thing he was fighting? What kind of metal is the robot made of? What’s its power source? How the hell is it held together? It looks
Peter jumped away from him, going over the couch and landing on the side of the opposite wall. He stuck to the wall like glue. There was no questioning he was Spider-Man now.
Alarms began to flare immediately.
“I…I’ve got an update,” Tony said, his gaze flickering between Steve and where Peggy and Bucky stood together.
“Where are you?” Tony would ask him periodically. “Tell me and I'll tell my dad and we'll save you.”
Harry always came over to their Tower, Steve never wanted to let Peter go over to Oscorp Tower because he did not want such a negative influence in his son’s life. Norma took it as a personal insult. He never confronted Steve or Tony personally but glared daggers at them all the same.
The ladies behind the desk watched them approach with enraptured expressions. When they were close enough to talk to, one garbled, “H-Hello, Mr. Stark and C-Captain R-Rogers. How may we help you?”
“Onnneeeee,” Venom reminded him with a hiss and stalked toward the cage. The boy made no objections but watched his father with a hungry gaze through their shared eyes.
“You are so cruel,” Steve groaned. Tony grinned and confirmed his teasing abilities as kneaded his hands into Steve’ pecs and twerked his nipples as he humped onto Steve’s thigh.
Steve would have been able to handle Mary’s hate. It would have been horrible but he would have endured it for his son. But if Mary thought of Peter as a monster…
“It’s already happened in Tony’s timeline, Peggy,” Steve tiredly said. “It may be our only chance to finally stop Hydra…and to save Tony.”
Bruce gave him a look and said, “Tony…”
“Yes!” Tony replied then looked down to Peter with a stricken expression. He looked to Steve in question.
“Nah, I doesn’t,” Tony chuckled. He cupped Steve’s jaw and whispered, “I love you, Steve Rogers…”
It made Tony want to touch him all the more and not just for show. He wanted to claim the man before him and let everybody know that Steve Rogers had let Tony touch him where no other in this century had ever touched.
Even with all of these thoughts tumbling through his mind, there he was, still in Steve’s arms, and feeling…comfortable.
When he was finally able to rein in his tears, he rubbed furiously at his face to wipe off the excess evidence but he could do nothing about his red eyes or the misery that threatened to overcome him again. He could not wipe away his despair as easily as he wiped away his tears. He cleared his nose with several loud sniffles and finally got back to work with a heavy heart.
“I don’t think I can handle dating anyone right now,” Steve stated. He pinched the bridge of his nose. He could not believe she was bringing this up again. Why was she so intent on setting him up? He stated, “Peter is a handful enough.”
Logan smirked at the other mutant. The invitation said to not speak a word of it, even to whoever he chose to be his plus one.
Tony stood and put his laptop down. He could finish the work later. Right now, there was a certain super soldier who needed attention. He crawled onto the bed and Steve grinned excitedly.
Tony leaned into Steve and sighed, “I know.”
Cap snickered as he placed down the lathering brush and bowl. He picked up the razor and inspected the blade to see it was sharp enough, once satisfied, he pressed it to Tony's neck and stated, “I never imagined shaving the neck of a time traveler either but here we are…and there's no need to be so formal with me, my friends call me Steve and I expect you to do the same.”
“My suit is hiding in your shed and I also need a computer,” Tony grumbled, sounding miserable. Steve accounted it being hungry. Jarvis informed him Tony hadn’t eaten since yesterday morning, before he had…he’d spoken with Steve at his apartment. Merely thinking about it made his heart squeeze painfully.
Steve asked, “Are you serious? You’re not pulling my leg?”
Natasha relaxed slightly and said, “Good. You will need to help me convince Tony, it’s going to take a lot more than my lecture to stop him.”
Better yet, this meant war.
“I know, believe me I know,” Steve retorted. Since Bucky first reappeared, he felt like every moment of every day was spent thinking about this. He looked down at his lap and stated with finality, “I choose him, Bucky…I’m sorry. I do love you but it’s Tony. Yell at me. Punch me if it makes you feel better. Hate me even… But I need Tony and he completes me. I…I’m sorry, Buck…”
Steve’s smile grew warmer and he grasped Tony’s hand and repeated, “Friends.”
! Jarvis Security Override Alpha-Foxtrot-12. Who is it??” Tony demanded. They all rushed into the elevator and the doors closed behind them.
“I came as soon as I heard about Fury,” Tony explained. “When I got here some agents delayed me, then led me down this dark corridor, and then got all cliché and tried to murder me in the shadows.”
Bucky’s sudden grin looked pained and it lasted for only a second. His face fell and he whispered, “I have been watching you ever since I pulled you out of the water. The more I watched you, the more I remembered… and the more I wanted to remember
Whether or not a "Marvel Death" occurs, well only time will tell...
Tony left Jarvis with an extra skip to his step and he could feel the AI’s eyes on him even after Tony had left his line of sight.
“Then why did he kiss you?”
It was at that moment, Tony turned to his boyfriend and was happy to see him finally looking content. Tony wrapped his arm around Steve’s broad back and tipped his head against his shoulder. Steve rested his head on top of Tony and sighed happily.
His heart had weathered the pain from those consequences more than once now and he felt like he was ready for the next time.
Steve shook his head and replied, “No, I knew what I was getting into. I’m prepared to kiss you.”
Bucky leaned into him to look at the picture too and teased, “Lookie you two, so cute.”
Miles away in Queens, Peter was watching his father and uncle on TV. He was happy they were not fighting a villain for once and was joyfully listening to them recollect their memories with each other. He had heard it many times already but this time it seemed more exciting the way his father and uncle were smiling and the way everyone else seemed to be reacting. He found himself grinning with them but did not know why. He was just happy because the rest of his family was happy.
“See, she’s got this. Pep has everything under control.”
Reading between the lines, Coulson’s eyes trailed over Cable’s cybernetic limbs and then slowly stated, “But it is not the first meeting for you?”
Steve would just shake his head and would allude the question by answering truthfully, “I don't know…”
“Go ahead, Tony,” Steve whispered, carding his fingers through Tony’s hair in a soothing manner that drew Tony deeper into unconsciousness. Steve lightly kissed his forehead and promised, “I’ll stay here and try to keep those nightmares at bay…”
With a small grin, the Soldier picked up the gun that had fallen to the floor and sat on their remaining chair. He happily did as she commanded, it was a sentiment he’d never once remembered feeling.
“Who’s the Mama Bird now?” Steve joked. Tony always called him such when he overly worried over Peter. He sat himself up with a groan and Tony’s hand instantly shot out to support him.
- is just so perfect..." Wade dropped his head onto Peter's shoulder and moaned, "And now you can run for the hills after all of that insanity."
MJ’s lips also quirked up and she said, “You are going to tell me everything Peter has been holding out on.” She tucked Wade’s hand into the crook of her arm and began to walk him away as she said, “I want all the dirty details and when I say dirty, yes, I am alluding to the sex.”
The knowledge had been lurking there ever since Peter entered their lives but he never went to his doctor. He never thought it possible. It felt too soon…
“…How do we send them on a mission with a romantic outcome?” Steve questioned Tony, referring back to their prior conversation.
It was with such an ambition that he became the leader of Hydra and a super soldier.
Tony touched his implant. He’d been doing it ever since he’d lost Steve.
Steve threw his shield before Hulk could make another move and it implanted itself right next to Venom and Hulk. Everyone’s heads snapped in the direction the shield flew from and all of their eyes seemed to focus on him.
Steve gasped sharply as Bucky bit the sensitive flesh on his neck. Steve cupped Bucky’s face and Bucky growled in approval.
“He needed to see how serious it is,” Steve argued.
Steve went to his side, as was expected of him, and grasped Tony’s hand. His heart ached at the contact, wanting so badly for there to be more, but he pushed the feelings away. Their act must continue, even for the small audience before them.
He found Steve first by following his nose. The super soldier was preparing their meal in the kitchen. It was going to be a simple meal, cooked mainly on the grill outside. They were going to have hot dogs, grilled corn on the cob, and vegetables.
He wasn’t able to completely slip out of Steve’s hold completely however as Steve caught one of his hands before he could fully pull away. With a warm smile, Steve pulled Tony back to his side and carded his fingers with his. By the way Steve had a hold of him, they probably were not going to leave each other's sides the rest of the night.
“And who was it who killed Fury and tried to kill us for this flash drive?” Tony countered with a smirk.
Steve obliged by pulling the man into his arms and embracing him tightly.
Steve’s mind was racing, thinking back to all the different timelines he and Tony had transversed alone and together.
He did not tell them who he really was and doubted they would believe him. He even rescinded that he was a soldier so the Army would not investigate. Supposedly, he was over ninety years old now but did not look like he had aged at all in the last seventy years…he would not believe him either.
“Fiddling with his projects in the lab,” Steve replied.
“He was brainwashed,” Steve countered.
Tony looked at Wade and no longer saw the mercenary that had been trying to corrupt his son. Instead, he saw a man, a man standing on the edge of a precipice just as Tony had been. He saw a reflection of himself in Wade.
“Sure,” Peter replied with a forced chuckle. He adjusted his hold on Wade and Wade lightly gripped his arm.
you should not tear something up just because it is not alive! Be sure to ask me before you do something like this again, okay?”
[What are you doing?!]
“Oh—oh God,” Steve gasped, his mind spinning. “I—I th-think you cleaned that section fairly well.”
When he, Peter, and Tony came back from the zoo she was waiting for them in the common room. She already knew who Peter was and as soon as they stepped off the elevator she told Steve she wanted to hold her godchild.
“No, Cap. You’ve been asleep for a very long time and won’t be going back to sleep like that again anytime soon unless you feel like taking another arctic nap. You’ve been frozen for over 70 years.”
Wade crawled over to him and whined, “Whattt??”
“A date?” Tony asked, pulling back slightly to meet his eyes.
Bucky flushed and elbowed him, hissing his name, “
,” Tony teased. “And I didn’t plan for it to happen that way…I would have never done that had I known we were being watched.”
The moment had come.
But now…
She reflected back to the moment they had met. James was the one who had called for a truce and held his hand out to her. She kept her hand outstretched to him and whispered, “When we first met, you told me that you never wanted something until you met me…I never told you, but the only thing I had ever wanted –
And it was because of Steve.
Natasha rolled her eyes and said, “I don’t know about the rest of you, but I am overdue for a shower.” She went to leave but paused next to Bucky and lightly punched his arm. She murmured, “Like old times, boss.”
Steve’s heart sank and he tried not to let it show. Tony was trying to back out.
“Mighty good drugs then,” Peter replied. He picked up his head and lightly pecked Wade’s lips and then flirted, “Are you a part of my prescription?”
was the cause of that disgust.
, a voice whispered in the back of his mind. A sickening feeling accompanied it and Peter leaned heavily into Wade as nausea washed over him. Why would he think like that? His dad just didn’t understand his relationship with Wade. This dinner was going to help. It had to help…
. By focusing on you, I was able to remember there was a time before the blood. I was able…to remain somewhat sane. I—I thought…” Bucky pursed his lips and his eyes suddenly became dark. “It doesn’t matter. None of this matters. You’re with
“…No, we are still compiling our evidence. He is free to go.”
Jim crossed his arms over his chest and murmured, “The way Steve was going on, I thought you were about to die…”
Bruce grabbed his arm and hissed, “She might have the answers. Don’t go.”
talk to him.”
“I like the red,” Peter admitted. “But I also like the blue in Pops’ uniform.”
Unsurprisingly, the man did not reply. Tony did not pause in his work as it relaxed him and was probably the only thing keeping him from attacking Barnes at the moment.
“…Please resubmit your forms, Mr. Stark, and have a good day.”
“H-Hi,” Tony garbled, breaking the horrible silence that had begun to build.
Steve barely knew the man, but the sound of Fury’s voice just now unnerved him. He wasn’t alone. The others too were quiet and looked between Fury and Wade with concern.
“Are you really from the future?” The man asked him breathlessly.
Tony kept talking, to fill up this oppressive silence, “So here’s the plan: we have breakfast with your aunt and I’ll give her the lowdown. We go to the Tower and you should probably stay with us for a while. The reporters will camp outside of the Tower instead of May’s front lawn. And you can keep living out your life. You can hang with the Avengers, keep interning, and have your friends come to the Tower. Eventually, this story will die down and we can figure out how we want to go from there.”
“So we’ll make it that you
“I think I always knew since I was a child,” Steve replied. “I didn’t act on it obviously. It was considered shameful back then…but I accepted it. It was a hard pill to swallow but I shouldered it. I treated it like a burden. I didn’t want it to be a part of me anymore than I had wanted any of my other ailments…When I woke in this century, I didn’t know how far the Gay Right’s Movement had come until New York’s Pride Parade. It was all over the news and…and I just sat down and... and cried…I was
“You’re filthy,” Steve stated with mirth. He rubbed some grease off of Tony’s cheek and Tony took the opportunity to grab his soulmate by the hips and drag him into his embrace.
As always, I post teasers on my
“Come here you,” Tony commanded and grasped his jaw for a deep kiss. Steve sunk into the bed with a happy moan and threw his heavy arms over Tony, digging them both in deeper.
“Oh, don’t you ‘sir’ me too!” Tony pushed his way through the bots and continued, “From now on, you’re only going to help me when I ask for it! Understood?”
Steve looked to her and she looked up from the toolkit and asked, “Why?”
“See,” Peter repeated. “You don’t need to babysit me. I’m fine…I want to talk to her alone.”
Tony called the rest of the Avengers back to the Tower and they hunkered down in the community room. Unsurprisingly, none of them elected to turn on the television.
“The mark,” Steve gasped with horrifying realization.
Tony deflated slightly but agreed, “Alright.” He glanced guiltily down at Steve's flagging erection and murmured, “Sorry about that.”
Steve relaxed under Tony's easy grin and smooth words. Thank God
Steve and Tony both woke up and looked to their bedroom door. Peter stood there, illuminated only by the nightlight in the hallway. In his arms, Steve could just make out Peter’s favorite Iron Man toy.
Happy parked in front of the house with a troubled expression and murmured, “Maybe we should wait, get background checks on everyone in the neighborhood, and –.”
“A fake relationship with a man you coined ‘Stars, Spangles, and Sex?’” Bruce stated as soon as they were alone.
Each option meant leaving Steve.
?!” Tossed gasped. Damn, damn, damn he screwed up. He stated, “Have I ever mentioned how much I love you?”
Peter asked, “I also wanted to know how you want to move forward. Venom has been destroyed but, with it, so has our experiment. We’re going to have to start from square one…but this time I think we should avoid using alien life forms as our base solution.”
Natasha and Ben stood by his side as Peter’s godparents. In the pews, May, Bruce, Clint, and Tony watched the ceremony. It was a private ceremony in a church built for discreetness, originally it had belonged to a strong and religious Mob family but now it was merely a local church.
Howard’s gaze was locked onto Tony’s face. These were probably the last moments he was going to be seeing him until he was born and it was a sorry sight. Was this Tony’s fate? Was this his end?
, he reminded himself. Now…Was he being scouted for the big leagues or run out of town?
“He seems much better,” Steve observed. “The time out did him good.”
Despite his reasoning, the guilt would not abate and a strange pressure began to build in his chest.
Hmmmm hmmm hmmm. What could have possibly happened? Ya'll will find out next time! ;D
Sudden understanding washed over him and Steve lightly nudged his husband’s arm with the back of his fist to comfort him slightly without Peter’s notice. When Steve and Tony got married, Tony signed adoption papers in addition to their marriage license. In the eyes of the law, he was Peter’s father but to Peter he was still “Uncle Tony.” Tony had helped Steve raise Peter over the years and was as much Peter’s father as Steve was but Tony had only been his adoptive father almost a year and his son still did not see Tony any differently.
Tony’s lip quivered and then he dropped his head and whispered, “Leave me alone…”
The kaleidoscope of colors faded and Steve could feel his conscious leaking from him as quickly as his blood seeped out of his body through the great crater in his upper torso.
Tony grinned and all of his anxieties seemed to melt away. Peter came to the Tower a few times a week as an intern for his company. He was amazing at it, a genius like his father
He forwent the half empty bottle of whiskey and picked up the barely touched vodka. He hefted the bottle up and whispered, “Oh hello, my love.”
Tony sighed lightly and played with Steve’s dog tags. He murmured, “I know…but, I’m just a man of my time. I can’t help it. I want to be with…with the person I care for…”
Steve wanted to smother it again but could not. The feeling burned with a newborn intensity, aided by the knowledge that Bucky had similar feelings.
As those thoughts rolled through Steve’s head, Tony made it all perfect as he whispered into Steve’s lips, “Love you.”
“I-It can fly itself??” Rogers gasped, wide-eyed.
"A better home," Steve agreed and swallowed the toast. Tony followed a moment later and drank the bubbly drink all in one go. Steve also drank all of his and Tony smiled warmly at Steve when he finished.
Tony seemed to make up his mind about something because he suddenly gripped Steve’s thigh as a way of letting him know they were parting and then slid off the table. Tony walked over to Bruce and asked, “Is there anything I can do?”
Steve had lost a brother and regained him in less than a week. On top of his own, escape from death and the impending reunion with Tony, well…Steve could barely put into words the emotions he was feeling.
Finally, Tony latched onto something the deranged man was saying and he poked his head out from behind Steve’s frame and gasped, “Wait – Wait – Wait…Did you say you came to the past?? Like you time traveled??”
Peter’s heart still clenched. Wade didn’t seem to understand the depth of Peter and his father’s relationship nor the fragile line they both walked on to keep it. What he said was insensitive to Tony but also cruel to Peter. He didn’t want to be
Tony drew back with a frown and murmured, “Or he could have shot you.”
“Steve,” Natasha broke him out of his morbid revelry with a hand to his shoulder. She had covered his six to Tony’s side and he did not even notice. Natasha continued, “I called in a SHIELD medic team, they’ll be here in a few minutes.”
Steve carefully slid his hand around the syringe where Bucky wasn’t touching it. Bucky was watching him as sharply as a hawk did likely prey. Steve did not move his or the syringe and stared at Bucky until finally he looked into Steve’s gaze. When their eyes met, Steve whispered, “I am so sorry, Buck.”
He studied his son, taking in his apparent fear, his shaking, the way his head was drooped, and how he kept looking over his shoulder.
How was Buck –? Was…Was Steve dead? Were they all dead? Was this heaven?
“Master Parker has agreed to stay and inquires where he should sleep,” Jarvis stated.
They walked around the park until they came across a sandpit for Peter to play in. Steve only let Peter play because, at that hour, many children were still in school. He kept an eye on his son either way and not just to make sure he hurt none of the other children. Peter went straight to working on the daunting task of trying to build a giant mound of sand.
When Steve woke up, he had an atrocious hangover and was laying in the middle of a pile of the slumbering bodies of his friends.
The fact that Steve had this photo gave him buckets of bravery where he did not have any moments prior. Tony was being overdramatic. Steve clearly cared for Tony.
“Have you never used one before?” Dr. Pavlov asked.
Instead, Wade slept peacefully as Peter was ripped from his side.
Tony paused when he had fully circled Steve and slotted a leg between Steve’s thighs and pressed his leg into his crotch. He was happy to feel Steve was already half hard. He pushed one of Steve’s thighs between his legs and rubbed his own growing erection into the hard muscle. They wrapped their arms around each other and Steve stared at him as if memorized.
“Get somebody on these footprints immediately. I want to know who they belong to within the hour.”
Steve nodded and let himself be pulled in the direction of the bed. Tony crawled on first and Steve followed him and crawled over him as Tony lay down on his back. Steve positioned himself over his soulmate so they were parallel and he gently kissed Tony with no urging. Tony just as gently returned the kiss, lightly caressing his fingers over Steve’s back as he did.
Wade was shaking behind him, holding him tightly, and begging unseen forces to spare Peter.
“Are you okay, Uncle Bucky?”
“Yeah, and the Hulk likes pink tutus,” Wade scoffed.
Tony toed off his shoes over the edge of the bed as Steve undid his pants and let them fall to the floor. He was about to join Tony in the bed when the other murmured, “Help me out of my pants? I don’t want to stand up, this bed is
How much more would he remember being separated from his master? How much more would Natasha begin to question her masters as well?
Tony murmured, “I’m still going to have surgery to have the cylinder removed and the hole closed up…”
“Which is why I am still
getting it back.
“Yes, Sir,” Jarvis stated to Tony’s command and the metal doors sealed between Steve and Tony. Jarvis said, “I am sorry, Master Rogers but I cannot go against Sir’s orders. Shall I take you to your floor? Master Parker is on the communal floor and I am sure the others will make sure he will not see you until you are ready.”
Ew, why is it Monday? It feels like it should be Sunday... :(
Tony’s barely opened eyes searched for a mug and Steve murmured, “Your mug and coffee rations are in your rucksack.”
Steve sat at the middle of the table and lawyers sat on both sides of him and a few stood behind him as if they were creating a protective barrier around him. Strangely, it was comforting to have these people around him.
He finally decided to check the sites he visited more frequently, Youtube being the first. He glanced at his subscriptions, and was happy to see none of the people he was following took an interest in Tony Stark’s secret child. But, then he went to the trending videos and saw three about him in the top ten.
“Not particularly,” Tony replied crisply. He grasped Steve’s wrists, locking his hands in place so he could not pull away from him any further. Steve did not resist him and his fingers curled into Tony’s hair.
The figure jerked and Tony could have sworn he saw a flash of red in one of the bulky man’s eyes. But Tony’s vision was fading and Pepper was calling out to him, her voice a distant echo. He knew he was about to pass out so he gasped, “Is he –?”
“I’ve got to go,” Steve stated, desperately wishing he was back in his bed with Tony at his side.
Tony snorted but Fury merely raised a single eyebrow.
“You’re on,” Natasha retorted and bit down on another chip.
She pulled out of his embrace and then punched his arm as she said, “I still can’t believe you didn’t tell me who your
One image was a colored advertisement of Captain America that he had saved just because he knew Steve would have been embarrassed by it. Tony grinned upon coming across it and he considered making it into a full-blown poster but had decided against it. The colors were off in the image and it would bother him too much having it on the wall. In real life, Steve’s uniform was darker and his skin was tanner and his eyes –.
Bucky looked around them nervously as Steve explained. With his heart beating anxiously for his friend, Bucky needed Steve to confirm what he was indirectly telling him and asked in a hushed tone, “You a fruit, Stevie?”
Yay! And thus we have a Superfamily...
Overhead, Peter heard the latch open and his breath caught in his throat.
,” Wade purred and pinched Peter's butt. Peter laughed and lightly nipped at the side of Wade's neck.
Steve clutched his arm closer to him and peered at the numbers. It wasn’t a figment of his imagination.
Tony’s eyebrows raised and he replied, “This
Tony snickered but reached over and lightly pinched his arm, whispering, “You’re adorable.”
Her eyes became glassy with unshed tears but she had the largest smile on her face as she wrapped her arms behind his head and kissed him. He picked her up and led her to the bedroom feeling like the happiest and luckiest man alive.
be serious."
He told no one else. Steve only wanted his family to know and he dared not tell anyone in SHIELD without word getting out. It was bad enough with the media crawling all over the tower to get any information on Peter. He could not imagine what it would be like if it got out that Captain America was gay.
Coulson saw his indecision and his expression hardened. He stated, "Captain, I'm sorry to say it like this but this is your job. You are needed right now, Captain. Your country needs you, her President needs you. The job is not life threatening and, if you did not have to go on Air Force One, I would have let you take Peter with you...I know this is hard, Captain but you knew it had to happen one day. Every parent has a job and must return to it at some point... But if you still won't do it...I will have to ask you for your shield."
Tony flushed. He had said that, hadn’t he? And…he meant it. He wanted to check on the both of them. Peter had been hurt and, as they worked on Peter, Wade had looked completely broken. In all of the fights he’d been in with Wade, he’d seen the mercenary be gutted, decapitated, mangled, or worse, but he always kept smiling or joking.
“And that’s my cue to go!” Peter stated, opening the door.
It jumped back, over Clint and landed on an upturned car, and it shrieked, “WE ARE ONE!”
“Auntie Tasha?”
Tony rubbed his face into Steve’s side and then sat up slowly. He kept rubbing at his face and smiled shakily at her, apologizing, “I’m a mess, sorry.”
Tony shook his head and murmured, “Told you it was stupid…”
were given 48 hours of leave on the base to recuperate until they moved out again.
“Sir,” Jarvis interjected. “The Parker family cut all ties from the Starks after your affair. They did not want you to be a part of any of the funerals. Even with Master Ben Parker’s murder his wife was adamant about keeping you misinformed. It was not your fault.”
He was left with a dollar after the transaction. He asked the man bagging his items, “What’s the fastest way to get to Malibu from here on foot?”
Tony laughed and said, “Of course! It would be a national travesty if I didn’t help out Captain America! And by the way,
Tony had said he would check in on him in the morning but Steve had yet to see him since then and it was already late in afternoon. He told himself not to read too much into it. Tony always lost track of time…Yet Steve could not stop his heart from clenching.
“I was never dat small,” Peter retorted, frowning like Tony would when he did not get his way. It made Steve laugh and he hugged his son close to his chest. The rest of his family watched the scene with a found eye…all except Bucky, who dropped back and slinked back into the shadowed corner of the room with a carefully constructed blank expression and dark, stormy eyes.
Steve tightly clenched his jaw as he pulled back his hand and, in a measured voice, stated, “I did this for you. I couldn’t do anything for my Ma when she slowly died from cancer, but I could do
“You’ve got to be shitting me,” Fury growled, glaring at the dead arm.
It was an arc reactor, similar to Tony’s old one except this one had a plate around it saying: “Proof that Tony Stark has a heart.”
“Tony-!” Steve hissed and then moaned.
Tony gently pulled away but did not completely disconnect. He murmured, “Let’s sit down.”
Before the Ten Rings, he used to come in a few days every week…but he hadn’t been back in weeks – no, months.
Only when the rubble had settled and the man who broke the walls was seemingly gone, did Peter gasp, “What was that??”
Tony snorted and pulled the sweater over his head. It was soft and the arms were too long and Steve's eyes crinkled as Tony pulled up the sleeves.
“Sounds nice,” Steve replied and Tony nodded. After the last couple of days Peter's had, he had the right to relax.
Peter hummed agreeably and his breath hitched a bit when Wade lightly bit down on the tenderest part of his neck.
Tony blasted his repulsor just as Steve ripped the man from his hold. Steve jerked as he took the full brunt of Tony’s repulsors at close range. The energy of the repulsor blasted through Steve’s chest, cutting straight through him.
Dr. Kaswani was unofficially named Steve’s caregiver and he escorted Steve over to the Sno-Cat. He pointed out different aspects of the machine and explained all their functions to Steve. Steve listened attentively, fascinated by what he was learning.
Steve put his hand over Tony’s and leaned into his touch. He whispered, “I don’t want to leave you…”
[There is nothing there,] Natasha growled, taking a threatening step toward him.
But this…this was something he hadn’t felt in decades.
Steve jerked like Tony had slapped him, but he pulled back all the same. Steve’s expression faded into something unreadable, but his eyes glistened with pain. Most probably wouldn’t have noticed but Tony had spent many hours just staring at Steve’s beautiful eyes, even when their gazes were not locked. He could easily read Steve’s gaze by now. Tony continued to watch it as Steve stepped back and saw his heartbreak.
Dad got into the suit then looked to Peter and promised he would return.
Steve looked between the two men, stepped back between them and pulled them both into a bold hug. They grumbled but from that point on Tony and Bucky had developed an odd comradery which involved mostly shooting insults at each other and talking about movie Steve had still yet to see. It was more than Steve could ever hope for.
Whatever the other interns were put through in their remedial classes, made them all stop talking as soon as Peter entered the labs. Even Eddie was eyeing him nervously.
“Me too,” Tony whispered. “…Me too.”
Tony eventually was able to maneuver the super soldier into the sand and climbed atop Steve. He whispered into his ear, “I prepared myself before we left.”
“Pizza should be here in 30 minutes or so,” Tony said in way of greeting.
Steve tightened his fist, unconsciously trying to grip the strap to his shield tighter. The strap was gone due to the new magnetic connectors and he felt a little uneasy without the familiar hold.
Steve returned the embrace, but, from the corner of his eye, he saw the super soldier look questionably at Tony. Peter provided explanation and murmured into Steve’s chest, “Spidey’s identity almost got discovered.”
He motioned for the remains of the reactor.
He did not think it possible but Steve’s brows pinched together tighter.
He opened the files he made himself not too long ago. He had nothing to remember his time in the past but there were old photos of Steve and Bucky and the rest of the team archived. He had saved some of his favorites to his personal files. Most of were of Steve but there were quite a few of the others as well. Steve and Bucky took most of their photos together.
So many changes had occurred that Steve could barely keep up and he kept wondering: should the world know Captain America survived?
Steve snorted noisily and nestled his head against Tony’s.
thought he'd go back on his word. Even when they had to reveal it to others, Steve always looked to Tony to make sure it was okay…except now.
“You haven’t officially met him yet,” Steve said. When Peter had originally been found, Coulson was one of the agents who checked in on him while they waited on the tests to see if Steve really was his father. Peter probably did not remember him.
She was just about to propel herself over the top edge of a brownstone when the Winter Soldier suddenly loomed over her and his shadow cast darkness over her. Her only options were to jump or climb into the Soldier’s range of attack.
“Sir, it may be wise to notify Captain Rogers of your yearly drinking holiday,” Jarvis suggested as Tony threw back another shot. The scotch burned his throat as it made its way down to his stomach and Tony ignored his AI in favor of feeling that burn.
“But my alibi?”
“How then?”
“Look us up in the future,” Jim said.
Steve blinked in surprise and then gasped, "Peter?"
“They might,” Tony said with a shrug.
It stopped churning altogether and the patches grew, the brown coloring eating up the black like a growing stain.
This sucked
Gabe was right next to him and the rest of the Commandos were close behind them.
“…You’ve been out for a few days. The Goblin beat you good. He fractured your skull, broke your arm and a couple of ribs. You’re going to be fine…Peter refuses to leave your side. He’s fine too just extremely malnourished. Once we got some nutrients in him he started doing better quickly. His healing factor has kicked into overdrive so he sleeps a lot. He’s going to be fine once he regains all the weight he lost…” Bruce paused and regarded Tony sadly. He continued slowly, “Mary and I did not find a solution last minute...Steve was the one who freed Peter. Venom still has him. Peter said it takes Venom a few days to bond but we suspect he should be showing up any day now.”
And Peter didn’t bat an eye.
Thor nodded again and departed with his cape billowing behind him. She watched him until he closed the door behind him.
Steve turned away and the ill feeling in his stomach threatened to expel.
“Who are you?”
It hurt more than it should have to ixnay a way to save Peter but Tony could not lose one of the most important people in his life to save another just as important person. And if it did not work and Tony lost both of them, he really doubted he could go on living. Losing Peter had nearly destroyed him. He could not imagining surviving if he lost Steve too.
“We have enemies in New York too.”
Tony grinned at the super soldier and said, “With you? More than anything.”
The outer defenses no longer held and the fight was being dragged inside. In his ear, Jarvis relayed the alarming numbers of breaches in a constant flow.
Steve set himself up in one of the rooms a Hydra officer had been using. The room itself was very simple with a bed, wardrobe, desk, and a cast-iron, wood-burning stove. Steve had already gone through the room but found nothing significant so he shoved all the officer’s personal items into the wooden wardrobe. He lay his rucksack at the foot of the bed and some of the 107th’s correspondence on the desk, making the room the closest thing he had to home in a long while.
“Yes, Venom has returned,” Friday finally replied.
She smirked and retorted, “You can’t get rid of me.”
“I’m not interested in the super soldier part of it,” Tony retorted, rolling his eyes. All everyone wanted to know about Project Rebirth was how to recreate the serum. Maybe he wished he could be Captain America when he was a kid but Tony was an adult
“Let’s get back inside,” she whispered and his uncle nodded. He carried Peter into the living room and the others followed him. His uncle began to pace and everyone but Aunt Tasha gave him his space.
“I know, Buck, I just…” He tore his eyes from Tony and looked to his best friend, he murmured, “Let me have this. I never felt this way before about the others.” Those men had been passing shadows in his life but Tony, with a literal light embedded in his chest, was shining hope he never thought possible.
Tony’s eyes widened and someone behind him exclaimed, “Steve,
Upon that smile, all of Tony’s aches disappeared and he lay back down, returning to Steve’s arms. He hadn’t seen Steve smile like that in a long time. He mirrored his boyfriend’s happy smile and said, “That sounds wonderful. Do you have anywhere in mind? New York is our playground.”
Tony rolled his eyes and Pepper smiled sadly at him before jumping into action.
caught up to them with the higher ups.
"I did...I did kiss him back," Steve confirmed.
Steve shook his head and replied, “The plane crashed a few days ago…I can’t give you an exact date.”
He drew back his foot and hit Steve with his metal boot, cracking his ribs. Steve was going to try and remain silent but he couldn’t help but yelp from the sudden pain.
“Friday told me you were back,” Tony offered in explanation of his appearance.
“Nothing,” Steve retorted, placing his cards face down.
“Yes, Master Rogers,” Jarvis replied immediately.
Peter dropped his gaze and he circled the top of his coffee with the tips of his fingers again. He would like his autonomy from SHIELD but he did not believe it was possible. He asked, “How can I be sure you are telling me the truth right now? For all I know, SHIELD knows but isn’t saying anything to me until I’m backed into a corner.”
Tony nodded and held Pepper’s arms tightly as he lightly kissed Steve’s forehead. He whispered, “Sleep well, Cap. I’ll love you to the end of time…”
Bucky took the chair at the opposite end of the table, placing himself between Tony and Clint. A plate had been laid out for him and he mutely reached out for the platter of pancakes and took a large stack for his plate. He eyed the syrup choices then grabbed the closet one, the peach.
He knelt in front of Natasha and kissed Peter gently on the forehead. Touching his son calmed him down slightly.
“No, wait,” Wade stopped Peter again. Wade’s body (and at least one of his voices) was all gung-ho about continuing. However, Wade’s soul innately knew it was wrong and his very heart clenched at the thought of being with Peter only for lust.
have you been masturbating to? Was it an actor? A male model? Someone I know? What do you like most about a man? Are you an ass or abs guy?
know about Palladium?”
Natasha stepped past him and, before the Red Skull could reply, she decked him hard across his jaw. Tony jumped and bit back a yelp of surprise.
Tony laughed and touched his belly, groaning, “
Steve was all too glad to assist and Tony’s odd skin irritation was forgotten.
“Bucky,” Steve said gently and lightly shook his shoulder.
They broke it and their eyes sought each other’s immediately. Through their gazes, they communicated with each other their mutual love and adoration.
“Hello Aunt Tasha,” Steve said.
Peter cautioned to his father, “You can set this up, but, please, don’t go too crazy…”
He stepped past Harry and Harry closed the door behind him. His friend’s eyes widened a fraction then rolled with exasperation. Harry said sarcastically, “Jeez, nice to see you too, Peter.”
He returned the guns to the rack they had hidden in the closet and when he came back to the kitchen, Natasha was already eating. She was leaning into the counter on her elbows and her eyes sparkled when they met his.
“Fire or ice…I guess you can’t stop me,” Steve gasped in wonder. He ran his hand over his scalp and felt the stubble of new growth.
He quickly flipped through the black and white photos, hoping one of them would spark his memory but none of them did.
Peter lay beside him and they both smiled shyly at each other. Peter slipped his hand into Wade’s and asked, “The lube?”
As he was under, he and the others were exonerated of all crimes Hydra had accused them of. Pepper disclosed their location to the rest of the team but did not notify anyone else of Tony’s location just yet. They may not have been wanted fugitives anymore but they were still wanted for questioning and Pep knew Tony wouldn’t want to do anything until Steve was found.
“Guess who’s currently the guest of US military?” Tony asked, his smile stretching into a smirk.
As if he could read his mind, Jarvis answered his questions.
“He a scientist too?” Wade asked.
He could hear the smile in Tony’s voice as he replied, “With me teaming up with you, we’ll be indestructible. They made a big mistake!”
Steve was going on a genuine date. He'd never been on one before…His eyes met Tony and his heart skipped a beat. Not only was he stepping out but he was doing it with one handsome fella too.
He slipped back into camp without anyone noticing and joined the others in their gathering to greet the other team.
The Goblin held up the reactor and then…crushed it.
“There are too many of them. They’ll overwhelm you!” Clint argued, “We can’t save Steve to only lose you!”
He then kissed his way up his neck and then nibbled at his beard, making Steve chuckle.
Via the news they were able to see that Tony still went to the gala and then through random sources on the internet saw he still went to Gulmira. He was still doing what he had originally done according to Cable. Yet Steve’s presence had somehow changed something – something that would end up killing Steve in the end.
Bucky ignore Peter’s pleas and began to drag him away.
“J…” Tony sighed heavily. His heart was slowing down and Tony’s insides were a strange mix of emotions. He murmured to his AI, “Make yourself scarce. Give us a moment.”
“Then when you find it, you will save me from Venom,” Steve reasoned. “I would rather suffer a lifetime under Venom than let Peter be caught up in that monster another moment.”
“Those are the drugs talking,” Wade grumbled, pressing his face back into Peter’s.
He and Tony’s eyes met again, and Tony gasped, “H-
line of conversation.
“Handsome, eh?” Tony murmured, rubbing the side of his face against Steve’s palm.
. Tony was his friend and…that was it. He wasn’t a flint. He wasn’t gay. He was not attracted to men. He had been attracted to women his entire life. He could not be attracted to Tony now. Everything he was and had been feeling was a fluke. Their first kiss was obviously brought about from the stress of his nightmare and from the stressful events from earlier that day…
Tony buried his face in his hands and whispered, “I always knew you were dead in the back of my mind, but I just…I don’t know…I stupidly believed maybe you weren’t…That maybe whatever was left of Hydra had found you and put you in some kind of comatose state to study you and that you were still there…still
The imposter narrowed his blue eyes and hissed, “Fuck you.”
“Friends with what?” Steve asked, his brows knitting together.
“W-With his aunt?” Tony garbled in confusion. This was already too much information. He could not handle it. He was still reeling over the idea of Peter practically living right down the block. Why was he living with his aunt??
Holy Taco Tuesday, his heart was about to jump out of his chest from saying it once and now he needed to repeat himself. Blushing furiously, Wade mumbled more slowly, "I - I love you." Peter's confused brows separated and he blinked. Wade quickly added, "Like seriously, I'm head over heels in love. The world is brighter when you are around and I - I just love you so much. It feels like I'm in a dream half the time because this -
Steve grinned and replied, “Far from it.”
“No, Tony y—!”
“How is this possible? We didn’t account for VENOM in any of our notes,” Peter whispered, keeping his voice low enough so their supervisors wouldn’t overhear.
But was his nose right? Could this “alien” material lead to the “famine” he smelt coming off it?
Because
Steve would tease him sometimes for being a ladies’ man but he never told him to stop. He understood the loneliness Bucky felt. Bucky tried to get him to join him sometimes but Steve always denied the request.
Tony’s eyes shot to Steve and he grinned.
He recognized him instantly.
“This is all my fault,” his dad reasoned. “I’m just trying to help you the best I can. But…well, Steve says I can be
Steve glanced at Bruce in surprise and murmured, “You didn't tell him?”
"It also goes against my prime directive, Sir," Jarvis stated.
Natasha jerked herself out of Thor’s hold and retorted, “We don’t always get what we want.” She spun around and shouldered past Tony and left the room.
“What can we do?” Steve gasped. They could not find Tony, they could not find Pepper…Were all they going to do was sit at the Tower, twiddling their thumbs until this was all over?
He smiled warmly one last time at that marble face and then walked to where Natasha and Bucky were standing by the water.
"So will you do the detail?"
If you are interested in reading any of those subscribe to me or my tumbler! :D
He remembered Bucky’s father after Bucky’s mother died. He gave up on life and wasted away within a week. Tony could do the same. He’d waited so long for Steve and if he lost him now-!
Steve went at the trickster with all he had. He had never faced such a foe before but he was determined to bring him down. By the way they were fighting, Steve guessed it would be a lengthy battle…until Iron Man showed up and put Loki down with one blast.
“Some really bad guys, but we are going to take care of them,” Steve promised. He and Tony hit the open air and Steve looked down at the scene in the pause in conversation. There must have been at least twenty men and women attacking them. Most were on the ground but they had a few fliers as well.
Steve could not say any more without alerting Sam to the rest of Bucky's plans so he squeezed his best friend's thigh and made a silent prayer on his behalf.
"So what was earlier when we were alone?" Tony whispered in a counter argument.
“No, thank God,” Tony hissed and rutted his body against Steve, causing the blond to throw back his head with a mighty groan. Tony reached under the couch, where they had hidden the lube from Peter and buried his face in Steve’s neck nipping playfully at the flesh as he did. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony then stiffened. Tony paused just as his fingers brushed against the container then he pushed himself up and looked questionably at Steve.
“The Goblin was the one who probably broke into the tower. He’s smart enough to get by SHIELD. He probably planned it all out to a tee and had to be prepared if one of us stayed behind in the Tower…What if he came across me in the lab? Or Peter in the hall? Or you in the elevator? We would have been caught unaware…He could have killed any of us and it just has me thinking…”
Tony chewed on the inside of his lip and a realization hit him out of nowhere.
“…Are you sure, Peter?” His dad whispered, concerned.
? Pops – Pops wh-where have you been?”
An hour later, after much pressure from Steve, Tony was alone in his workshop staring at a video hologram of himself, wondering what the hell he was supposed to say.
Tony offered, “I can give Clint a call to pick you up in the quinjet. I have a helipad up top…Or you could stay here and…you know, move in?”
“Did you get sand in your eye?” Steve murmured soothingly as he knelt beside Peter.
The Soldier went compliantly, cradling the arm that held his soul implant.
Steve caught him with a strangled sound of shock and despair.
He walked over to the elevator and Tony followed him. Steve tensed until Tony held out his uniform’s gloves. Steve took them, making sure to not touch Tony, and murmured, “Thanks.”
Tony did not acknowledge Steve's statement but his heart did feel a little lighter knowing Peter was not fighting on the streets anymore.
pictures.”
“Oh, let them play a little more,” Steve whined, loving seeing his son gush over his creation.
The machine that he once was, was fighting every move, every thought, everything that he was to gain control.
He tried with all of his diminished strength to break free or escape the power of the machine but it was all for not.
This last week was spent with them relearning each other and recounting memories lost.
Her gaze shot back to her soulmate and the corner of his mouth was upturned slightly.
Tony sat up straighter and stared at the phone in Steve's hand like it was the Holy Grail.
“It's not that simple. I am only a Captain in the army. I don't have much sway. I can make a new mechanic appear with some maneuvering but a consultant is much more higher up and noticeable. Unless you want to tell everyone you're from the future, you're an army mechanic.”
James slammed open the door and she dove in low while he aimed high and started to shoot. Three technicians went down immediately. A fourth ducked down but Natasha pounced on him and hit him across the skull, knocking him out for a good couple of hours.
They were going to die.
Pepper had left a stack of the latest gossip rags sitting on his workbench for him when he got home. Tony dove into them eagerly, excited to see what the press conference had changed.
The elevator shuddered slightly when it stopped and Steve inhaled deeply to settle his flaring emotions then stepped out.
Peter changed into his Spider-Man uniform as his parents argued about Peter leaving. With his backpack of civilian clothing on, and his mask in hand, Peter embraced both men, effectively shutting them up.
Tony walked up behind him and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist. He whispered, “I’ll still love you when you turn 100 in a couple of years.”
Beneath the table, Tony foot ran up Steve’s calf. Steve felt his cheeks flush but he pretended not to notice and took another sip of his soup. He wasn't going to make this easy on the time traveler after all.
“The rest of the Avengers will be here in a few minutes and I don’t think Iron Man or Captain America would like to see you breathing the same air as their son nonetheless within arm’s length of him. Just go, Brock,” Wade snapped. “Peter will be out soon. We don’t need your help.”
His lawyers exchanged fleeting glances then either nodded or verbally agreed in a quick chorus of voices.
Steve could have just cursed himself to Hydra in addition to betraying Tony.
“Coffee first,” Tony stated and Steve rolled his eyes. Tony continued, “Jarvis is directing Mary here.”
It turned out, Friday was only silent on his end…
“I’m okay, I’m used to it,” Tony replied with a shrug and took a sip from his coffee.
Explosions were going off all along the towers body. Steve jumped from Tony’s hold and attacked the first aggressor he came across. As he fought, he could not help but be reminded of the Chitauri attack. He compared the people he fought with to the aliens. Some were more easily defeated whereas others put up a better fight in comparison to the aliens. This fight, however, was both luckily and unluckily only centered around their Tower. The rest of New York was safe but their home was being destroyed.
– that friendly, nice, beautiful man, was interested in
Tony sighed contently and nuzzled his face back against Steve’s neck. They laid there in the warm water for several minutes. Steve’s fingers drew light circles into Tony’s back and Tony just melted into him as content as could be.
His soulmate was dead and gone for good this time.
, orgasmic, earth-shattering stress relief.
“Did I fall asleep and am dreaming I’m in a sci-fi comic?” Steve whispered under his breath to his best friend.
“Jarvis, override his communicator controls! We need to hear what’s happening!” Tony commanded.
Once he started talking he could not stop. He told her about first meeting Peter, about his son growing up, how smart he was, and how easily he made friends. He did not shy from the hard topics and also told her about Peter’s captivity in Hydra’s lab until he was two-years-old and about the powers that occurred because of it. He told her of Peter’s struggle of balancing life with the Avengers and life in the outside world with a secret identity. And he told her of Peter’s interest in meeting her and how he grew up fascinated by her ghost.
Steve and Tony will end up together (and sorry there are going to be absolutely no threesomes or any sort of love between Bucky and Tony).
Steve went back to the elevator and waited for Tony there with his back to the bathroom. He practiced some of Bruce’s breathing exercises and they helped tremendously to calm him down.
“I’m not coming down,” Peter repeated.
“I think I just gave that man his new favorite word,” Tony observed.
“Gimmie,” Tony murmured, making grabby hands at the water. The water was passed down the line of men and Tony finally poured the water in his mug and sloshed it around to better mix in the powdered coffee. He sighed, “I miss real coffee…”
Bucky vainly tried one last time, hissing in warning, “Steve-!”
,” Steve repeated accusatory.
Yup, I just did that.
A moment later, Howard Stark barged into the tent.
“And his condition?” She pressed.
Bucky was making pancakes and, by the stack he already had done, he was clearly making enough for all of them.
Peter turned and saw Harry waiting for him at the exit door to the roof. Peter ran over to him and, as he slowed down, Harry asked, “Why are you here? Don’t you usually go to your Uncle Ben’s when the Avengers are fighting?”
They left the Tower the very next day.
From there, he continued to lead Steve through the maze of corridors with touches to the small of his back, his arm, his elbow, his hand, and, once even to his ass which made Steve violently jerk and Tony almost laughed aloud. He bit down on his lip to smother the chuckle and Steve shot him an embarrassed glare like he had done it to mess with him on purpose.
He couldn’t deny it anymore…
“Aye, I want to know what troubles you, old friend,” Thor said, sitting at Heimdall’s feet on the bottom stair to his pedestal.
With every smile they shared, Heimdall knew he was witnessing the rare form of love that was gifted to a few blessed unions every couple of centuries. Unusual circumstances usually brought these couples together and they were no exception.
He was almost immediately introduced to the Avenger Initiative and through it met Natasha, Clint, and Bruce. Tony was only a consultant as Fury found him to be too violate, self-obsessed, and containing no good teamwork or people skills. Though the others told him he was practically an Avenger and it’d be a matter of time before Fury and Tony accepted it.
Tony had taken a shower since being in his workshop. His hair was still damp and his skin glistened. He wore lose jeans and a dark tank. Steve felt a little over dressed and rubbed the back of his neck uneasily.
…” Tony’s voice was layered with so much comfort and adoration that, at that moment, Steve knew without a doubt he loved his best friend. He loved Tony.
Howard paused at the door of the tent as Tony settled down into the bed. Tony looked at him questionably and Howard said, “Rest well…son.”
“Steve?! Tony?!” Bucky’s voice rang out next.
He waited for Eddie’s return before touching it and, instead, fiddled with the drawers and cabinets, seeing what went where and familiarizing himself with the layout.
“I never figured you for a queer…At least, from what I remember…” He stated the last bit hesitantly.
“My charming personality?” Wade guessed and Peter smiled in agreement.
Tony’s heart went out to him. Bucky had been Cap’s right-hand man and had been like a brother to Steve. He had died not long before Steve supposedly had. To Steve, the death was still recent.
Steve leaned in close to Tony and whispered, “Is it always like this?”
Steve jogged to his bedroom and as soon as he left the room he overheard Pepper begin to question Tony in harsh whispers.
Steve never before had experienced the all-encompassing pain he was in...it was even worse than his plane crash in the Arctic.
Tony sighed heavily in frustration. He was getting nowhere…and, on top of all of this, he had an icing problem to fix and a new suit to design.
Steve glance at the metal suit. When it had opened he didn’t remember seeing any padding on the inside. He commented, “That doesn’t sound very comfortable.”
Steve instantly covered Peter’s ears and hissed, “Don’t curse in front of him.”
Surprise filtered over Steve’s features and he gasped, “You’re right.”
Next time, Ch.3: The Art of Handholding
The knot in Peter’s chest tightened at the thought of leaving. He took his foot out of the elevator and the knot lessened. Warmth escaped the bounds of the knot and spread throughout his chest.
That breath froze when he saw Natasha. Steve halted and fisted his hands. Nat was his friend but she was also SHIELD.
In his final moments, with blood dripping from his mouth, Tony gurgled through the blood, “Why didn’t you save me?”
“It appeared to be a man in a giant rhinoceros costume,” Jarvis replied. “Master Parker, you are no longer safe. I am notifying the Avengers and I am sure one of them will come to assist you.”
Steve fell back against the cold metal of the elevator and exhaled loudly as he placed his hand over his heart. He gasped to himself, “That was incredible.”
Because it was white, completely white. Steve, Tony, and even the wall in the background were gone.
Wade loudly cursed as the Goblin grabbed his arm and then ripped it from his socket in a showering arc of blood. Steve screamed Wade’s name and then slammed into the Goblin like a football running back. The Goblin went flying across the field and began to shrink.
“Nope. Drink your coffee and throw on your slippers. Peter and Wade are joining us for a late breakfast and then you can help her with your scheming. Right now is family time.”
Thanks for reading! :D
“Are you okay?” Tony asked gently, concerned by this man’s actions.
Steve glanced down at Tony and then back to Pepper and said, “We haven't really discussed adoption…But I love Peter. He's an amazing kid. I'd be happy to adopt him as long as Tony and Peter are fine with that.”
So as Steve was settling in, Tony gave him his space and ignored all the outside calls, notifications, and emails. He simply went to work in his lab and ignored the clamoring from the world.
Bucky never before felt so torn in his life. On the one hand, there was Steve, his best friend and the last person on earth he could call family. He would do anything for Steve and he knew it’d be the same vice-versa. Keeping Steve alive had been his main goal in this war for Bucky.
“Ugh, Barnes, I hate you and your perfect hair…” Jim sighed.
His heart palpitated as he remembered the months Tony had spent thinking Steve was dead when he first returned from the past. But he never saw Steve’s fall nor did he hear his final words before the plane crashed…Steve saw Tony die and Tony knew it must’ve been so much more traumatizing.
Steve’s face went beet red and Tony was not sure if it was from anger, mortification, disgust, or a combination of all three.
Steve’s flush expanded to cover his entire face and he murmured, “Yeah…I-Well I found a paint app on here…” He motioned to his tablet.
“Eddie,” Peter murmured and Eddie turned back around. “I accept your apology.”
His husband remained unresponsive and Steve was finding it harder to breathe. He cautiously turned him over, his breathing growing shallower as he did. He kept reminding himself that Tony had moved a moment before but…that was before he was thrown from the Goblin’s grasp. Could he be..?
Tony’s heart flip-flopped in his chest and he strolled over to Steve, smiling flirtatiously as he said, “Was I supposed to get an invitation?”
He’d die before he let it happen.
Steve ignored Tony’s exclamation in favor of replying to Bucky, “This is Peter.
And those seconds cost him.
Tony knew when to take a hint. He was too late.
Peter leapt from the rubble and into his uncle’s arms. All the uneasiness he felt by being alone vanished as soon as he was in the safety of his uncle’s hold.
Steve’s unfinished question did need to be spoken aloud. They were all thinking it: Or was it Venom?
“I know, Dad,” Peter sighed. “I'm going to stay in uniform the entire time. Peter Parker won't be making any appearances in New York today. I'm an adult. I can handle this.”
“Tony, this is how normal people behave!” Steve heard Pepper yell in the background, her voice was layered in obvious frustration.
“Papa!”
The other two were looking around them nervously, obviously scared someone had overheard the AI, but Tony...Tony was thrown off.
A flurry of clicks were made by the reporters’ cameras and Tony continued, “He came to me to help him start a new life. His upmost fear was that he would be spirited away and experimented on. Sadly, his fears became true and this morning he was forcibly removed from my home by a government agency by the name of SHIELD.
Tony shook his head and murmured, “No.”
Steve felt like he was moving in slow motion as he reached out to his fiancé. Tony seemed to be moving at normal speed so Steve wasn’t quick enough to catch him.
Tony spun around making Steve jolt to a stop to keep from running into him. As it was, Steve was now very close to Tony and Tony took advantage and lightly caressed his jaw as he announced, “I,
When Jarvis finally reconnected to the Tower, Tony nearly cried. When his AI informed him Pepper was almost there, Tony let out a noise that could arguably be similar to a sob though he’d never admit it.
Of all the moments for them to capture, Tony would have never wanted them to post this, when Steve was at his most vulnerable. He scrolled down, seeing more photos from their private moment of them embracing and kissing.
“Good, print out a copy on the office printer.”
Was the Soldier going to finish him off? Or was he going to seek retribution for their defeating Hydra? Would he hurt Steve more?
Steve heard him but couldn’t reply at that point. He could only breathe, hold Tony, and experience all of his nerves come alive in a torturous agony.
“I’ve forgiven you, you stupid bag of bolts,” Tony stated. Steve reached under the table and grasped Tony’s hand. Tony grasped it in return and smiled warmly at him. Steve or Tony did not need to say anything. With their eyes they silently reaffirmed their love. Steve still felt guilty about it but, to Tony, it was all in the past.
If the Goblin destroyed the reactor and Tony never had the chance to use it…what did that mean for the Tony in his arms now?
“Fine, fine, a ten, but only cause I like you,” Clint replied with a chuckle.
Steve twitched and Tony’s eyes snapped open.
“That noise hurts,” Peter whined.
“Your sniffer is infamous,” Wade retorted, not really answering his friend’s inquiry.
“He can be passionate about only so much…” Tony sighed. Tony stood up and kicked ash and dirt over the fire until the flames withered and died. With only the embers to faintly illuminate them now, Tony turned back to Steve and said, “My dad has always been a sore subject for me…It’s been made worse by the fact that I can run into an overly energetic, younger version of him at any moment…Let’s stop talking about him. Let’s go back to us and flirting and barely resisting touching each other.” Tony stepped back and murmured, “Better yet, why don’t I go to bed and you hang out here for another few minutes before going to bed yourself…And maybe tonight you’ll get just as good of sleep as you did last night.”
Tony flinched, hating being associated with Tyler and her lies.
He burst into the lab, gasping, “I know I'm late! I'm so sorry! I've had a crazy weekend!”
Wade pulled off his mask and lightly kissed Peter’s forehead. He pressed his forehead against Peter’s and hazel eyes met blue.
“You’re on,” Peter replied. He was the only one on the team who could be on par with Clint’s skills at taking aim, it was another Spidey ability he abused with games like pool. “King of the Tower” was a thing they shared to test each other’s abilities.
“You were in luck, we have an investor here right now and she’s going back to the states.” The doctor smiled and added, “They’re going back to New York actually. That’s where you think you’re from, right?”
The action made Tony sit up a little. What’d this SHIELD agent do to make his AI pause?
Steve enveloped him in a hug and gasped, “Thank God…”
“S-Steve?” Bucky gargled as he staggered back to the stool he had been sitting on previously.
The major factor weighing down on his subconscious was easily apparent:
“SHIELD has taken over the investigation, but they think it has to do more with my company’s business than my work in Project Rebirth…”
Steve kissed his forehead and grasped the back of his head so he could press his lips deep into his flesh. They had lived at the tower for less than a year but it was already home. Steve promised, “Wish granted.” And Peter smiled happily at him.
Somewhere, Tony’s implant was reseting and those hated zeroes would appear.
She wordlessly slipped forward and her SHIELD escort followed closely. When the agent realized she was going to the room, he grabbed her arm and hissed, “Wait! You can’t go in –.”
The engines were a constant high pitched hum as were the lighter rumble of the air vents, pushing out a continuous flow of fresh, cool air. He could make out the muffled voices of the President’s staff beyond the wall, indistinguishable through the thick walls. Occasionally, he heard someone walk past the sealed door, their footfalls thumping heavily on the carpeted floor.
“No – No,” he replied, switching back to Russian. “My dream, it was actually a memory –
He did nothing for his red gloves and simply bunched them into a crunchy ball and stuffed them in his pocket. He snapped out the top half of his uniform and worked at ice in the tough fabric until the fabric was able to move again.
Tony faced the room. Dozens of dark shadows were entering the room through the broken windows. Tony yelled back, “THIS IS PRIVATE PROPERTY! I HAVE THE RIGHT TO SHOOT ANYONE WHO TRESPASSES OR THREATENS TO SHOOT ME!”
Tony broke their locked gazes and murmured, “Why are you telling me.”
“Love you, love,” Steve whispered, running his hand through Tony’s hair. Tony nuzzle his head deeper into Steve’s grip and lay his head on Steve’s bicep.
He walked a few rooms down to where Captain Rogers was sleeping. Like all the other rooms in the ICU, the Captain’s had a large window for one to easily look into.
“The power that came with it…not just the defensive ability…but the power it gave you too,” Eddie whispered, staring down at the moving world stories beneath them. “I felt like I could do anything…”
“He’s the richest, smartest, and most resourceful man on the continent!” Steve retorted with a harsher whisper, “He may be able to get Tony his Palladium…or even find a way to help him. He’s like Tony, he understands this stuff.”
Steve turned back to him with his brows pinched and his eyes glistening. Tony could tell by the way the super soldier was clenching his jaw that he was steeling himself for whatever Tony was going to say. Tony gently held Steve’s hand with both of his and whispered, “Even if this was my era…I wouldn’t be able to fix this…Palladium was the
Tony began to lightly scrub at his skin and talk about the amazing bathtub at his home in the future. Steve silently listened as he continuously scooped water over Tony. Tony's home sounded amazing and Steve wondered how outdated or slow everything in this timeline felt to Tony.
“Thanks!” Peter replied.
“Find him an evil twin who does not know 1940s terminology?” Steve asked, brushing dirt off his uniform from his scuffle with his imposter.
Last night, he slept restlessly as fragmented memories of Natasha invaded his usually dreamless sleep.
“Really?” Steve sounded somewhat shocked but he then smiled happily at Tony and replied, “Sure.”
Gabe handed some bandages to another medic and gasped, “Is that Tony?”
“I don’t see why not,” Sam replied and then the three standing men got to work moving machines without disconnecting them and pushing the beds until they touched. Sam lowered the bars between them and Steve reached out to Tony. Luckily, their beds connected on their good sides so they were easily able to hold each other’s hands. Steve smiled warmly at his husband and squeezed his hand.
“Let’s go back to the future.”
Tony pinched his chin and thoughtfully murmured to himself, “Vision is practically a lie detector, I should invite him over…”
Steve flushed and Tony laughed.
He then felt it beginning to move up his neck. For a split second, Peter felt fear as anyone would with the knowledge that a foreign object would be covering his mouth and nose, taking away his ability to breathe. But his Spidey-sense did not go off, so Peter relaxed and let Venom completely cover him. He closed his eyes as it covered his face and gave it a few seconds before he opened his eyes.
Peter came within minutes and he lay in his pillows gasping for breath, too shocked to move.
“I hope so,” Tony replied and carefully stood, weary of his sensitive cock. He turned back to Steve with a smirk and said, “I hope they good quality too because I am so going to use them to masturbate to.”
“It’s time,” he stated, feeling…numb? No, there was fear. He could sense it, but it was enough to just tighten his throat. He had time to acclimate to the knowledge.
“I will not shackle you,” Steve retorted.
“Ow, little tender!” He gasped from the pressure of Tony’s kisses on is bright red skin and Tony shot back with a look of alarm. Steve smirked and said, “I did not say stop, just be a little gentler.”
want him consulting on a delicate matter such as this. Knowing Stark, as soon as he finds out Cap is alive, he’ll announce it to the world. I want this on the down low as long as possible.”
Wade was still brandishing his lamp poll but he held it defensively between them. Venom’s reach was only as far as Peter’s now and it held its tendrils between them, ready to attack at any moment.
“Yes,” Steve gasped and claimed his lips again. This was everything he wanted. Tony loved him too and Steve was so happy he couldn’t break his smile even as he kissed the man he loved. He gasped, “Say it again.”
The doors opened to their apartment and he could hear Wade and Peter’s soft murmurs down the hall. Tony smiled to himself and let Steve lead him into their home and in the direction of the rest of their family.
“Perfecttttt,” Tony groaned. He was sitting on top of Steve with his prick inside him. He'd just found his prostate and Tony was in nirvana.
Tony bit down on his lip and then replied, “The future…if I reveal these things…they might change.”
And then Pepper came across DUM-E and Butterfingers trying to dismantle the suit off of him and well...it didn't go well. Especially after she noted the bullet holes in his armor.
“I-I can’t,” Tony gasped.
He recognized the voice but…but he was still shocked to see Eddie step into the light.
Natasha crossed her legs and said, “So you were going to tell us everything that happened while we were gone?”
Mary cocked her head to the side then carefully asked, “Will Peter be coming?”
A few days after the wedding, Pepper emailed him the file of the photos and video from the wedding. He, Steve, and Peter all snuggled together on the couch to view it on their tv. Peter quickly grew bored and they had to cut the viewing short…so they didn’t see one picture in particular until Pepper had it couriered over.
He was smiling again and Steve felt a little inkling of hope. Maybe what happened with Bucky was just going to be a bump in the relationship. The feelings he had squashed toward Bucky can be smothered again.
Bruce stepped up next to Steve and they both traded confused and ashen expressions. Bruce wasted no time and knelt next to Peter and he elaborated, “Crawl on the walls. No one else can do that, Peter.” Bruce picked up one of Peter’s hands and ran his fingers over the palm of his hand as he squinted at the flesh.
Steve had sighed heavily, pulled Tony off the dance floor, and led him to a secluded corner. He pushed Tony against the wall and pushed his body into Tony’s. Tony, who had been talking about his green slime plan as Steve dragged him away, suddenly shut up.
Tony saw that gulp and his grip on Steve tightened. His eyes darkened and he gasped, “Steve..?”
“Of course, we can!” Rogers said, an amazing smile split the man’s face and he said, “But first, can I get you a fresh cup? Mine has gone cold too.”
Wade wrapped his arms around Peter and tightly held him, gasping, “I don't deserve you...but I love you too much to let you go."
“Sam!” A nurse ran up to Sam holding a baby that couldn’t be no more than 6 months old. She quickly gasped, “They just unburied about half a dozen criticals from a collapsed building at Fort Hamilton. I cannot find a social worker anywhere! Can you help? His parents are dead but he’s relatively unhurt.” Before Sam could reply she handed him the boy’s chart and then held out the baby to him.
But…“Holy shit.”
He was a father now.
“But I want to celebrate the first time I touched you, the first time I kissed you, and the first time we looked at each other and just
“Okay,” Tony announced, getting to his feet. “You are no longer allowed to be a martyr. Give me Peter and let the doctors dig those bullets out of you or –
“What –?” Tony reached up and touched Steve’s beard and then noticed he was also wearing different clothes.
Venom grew out of the shadow and hunched menacingly behind Harry.
He walked the rest of the way to his office and opened the door without pause. Pepper followed him inside, watching him with an assessing eye.
Tony dropped his blueberries from the sudden surge of emotions that flared from Fury’s statement and then his eyes heated up from joy and upset.
Ben visibly gulped then said, “Mary…I know all of this already. I…I have met him, I know your son.”
“I am not excited to see how Dad is going to react to all of this…”
“I’m ordering bedrest and I’ll feed you hot soup and rub your feet.”
Both Eddie and Peter’s jaws dropped.
The Soldier broke his eyes from her and clenched his right fist tightly. When his gaze returned to her, it was cold and his expression was hard. He stated, “I will tell you the Captain’s location if you can do two things for me.”
“Heimdall!” Thor called out to him from Alfheim, “Drop the bridge!”
“It wasn’t too uncommon in my day…” Steve argued with a flush.
Because that was why he was doing this, for them.
your dad when I first remembered him.
Peter crossed the roof and sat beside Wade, bumping lightly into his side as he did.
of his suits. The suit needed to be charged at least once a day and it was really starting to get in the way. What was he going to do when they moved out? How was he going to charge his suit in the middle of the 107th without anyone noticing?
Peter grinned, noticing his unwavering stare, and crawled onto the bed. As soon as Peter was close enough, Wade ran his fingers over him, starting at his arms and then going to his back. Peter fell into him, kissing him wildly.
When Jarvis did not reply, Tony dropped his coffee.
“Perhaps, if an Asgardian truth-seer came and testified to our Captain’s validity and the Tyler woman’s falsehoods…” Thor began with a frown.
He twitched when he was nervous and he was nervous about seeing his son with Wade. The last time had been a disaster and he didn’t want to fuck it up again.
Peter let himself be held for a few seconds then whined, “Put me down…”
Coulson stared incredulouslya at the outline of the body that once resided in the seat.
“What do we need to do?” Steve asked, gritting his teeth.
And he needed all the information he can attain from this alternative Jarvis unit.
“Please, call me Natasha,” the SHIELD agent said, holding her hand out to Bucky as he was the closest to her.
“Ugh, what do you think? What did they see?”
Tony smiled gratefully at him and cupped Peter’s cheek briefly before getting up and leaving to get the doctor.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve murmured.
Tony looked down at his chest and saw that Steve had secured the bandages tightly without any light shining through. Tony patted down on the pure white bandages and then stood up. He moved around to make sure they’d stay on and then turned to Steve, saying, “Good job.”
Peter jumped off the wall and locked the door as soon as the men closed the door. His heart was racing in his chest and he felt like he had run several miles. He had been absolutely shocked that the superheroes had come to his house, then he had been devastated when he inadvertently revealed his identity, and then pissed when they insistently told him Tony Stark was his father.
When he was a teenager, he would plead with his father to let him help him in his projects or try out Tony's ideas.
“Edwards? What are you doing down here?”
Thor raised a single hand to his ear and asked, “Have we had any word of the Parkers?”
Peter held up two thumbs up, without lifting his head, and stated, “Congratulations, you can read the calendar. Can I go back to sleep now?”
Everyone has hopes and dreams but everyone also has an end. And as he looked at Steve, he realized he knew all of it: his hopes, that dream of the future, and the day in which it all come crashing down in a damaged Hydra plane…No one in the course of human history ever possessed such knowledge. Yeah, some people may have known they were dying from a disease or they planned to murder someone. But it was never certain. It was never a fact.
Tony rained kisses all over Steve’s face and cried, “Please tell me this isn’t a dream! I can’t go on if this isn’t real!”
Steve would rub his back like Bucky used to when he was having an asthma attack and whisper sweet reassurances to him until he calmed down. Solo’s episodes usually lasted only a couple of hours every few days. Afterwards, he would always pretend like nothing was wrong and he’d go back to joking with Steve as if nothing had happened.
And Tony was so broken…he was anything but the best.
Someone inhaled sharply behind him and dropped a glass but Steve did not turn to see who.
She finished her martini and placed the glass on the counter in front of her. She made no move to lift herself from his shoulder and Steve took another sip from the flask.
“How does one explain color to the blind?” Logan retorted, his eyes slid back to the trashcan and he stared at it with a hard gaze. “Look...My sense of smell is so strong that I can even smell the chemicals in your bodies and know how you’re feeling. For example, both of you have high levels of dopamine and serotonin right now, both indicators of love.”
A frowning Tony poked at the fire Jacques built with a long stick. Bucky walked over to him and in that time Tony’s stick caught aflame and he dropped it into the fire. He stared at the flames, deep in thought, and didn’t notice Bucky standing beside him.
Bruce and Peter were the only Avengers at the Tower and had been trapped in Bruce’s lab the entire time, so they saw nothing. Clint had been training recruits at SHIELD HQ and Thor was with Jane on the other side of the country in New Mexico. The rest of the team left to check out the “Captain America” robbing the bank.
“Asset,” Bucky whispered. “I am the asset, nothing more.”
“Not moving,” Tony assured the woman.
is–,” Steve began in a hiss.
Tony opened his mouth to tell her this was
!!! Just making conversation! If I don’t talk I moan and I moan like a moose in heat. It ain’t pretty, but you’re pretty,
Peter urged and tugged on his leg. Now that he was done kissing Tony, Peter clearly saw it as his turn for affection. Steve chuckled and picked him up. Both he and Tony pressed a kiss onto either side of his face and Peter giggled madly.
Tony shook him off and hissed, “Don’t touch me. I am so pissed at
Tony rubbed his cock against Steve’s, never relinquishing his tight hold on them. Steve grabbed the rim of the tub, afraid his grip might be too strong on Tony’s soft flesh at that moment. He’d almost forgotten what it felt like to have another touch him so intimately, nonetheless Tony’s touch.
Tony reached out to them and hissed, “
Even as a child, Tony had
“Look away, but tell me you are alright!” Tony gasped. His hazel eyes were wide with fear. Grime covered his entire body and his skin was dotted with abrasions. But he was otherwise whole.
Tony looked away from the onlookers and crooked an eyebrow at Steve. He sarcastically stated, “I’m Tony Stark. Of course people noticed this.
Natasha’s smirk melted off her face. She stared expressionlessly at her drink with its the clear liquid and green olives. She wordlessly drew down her glove to show him her zeroed implant.
Tony turned back to Steve with an indignant frown and grumbled, “There’s no lube.”
break your nose too!” She paused then reaffirmed him with her gaze and stated, “This is going to stop now. This is not high school. We are all adults and you three need to start acting like it. What is going on between me and James will be handled by the two of us. Do you understand me, Steve? I need to hear that you understand me because I know you are a man of your word. You need to promise me this will stop.”
“Didn’t really notice it until…well, a couple of weeks after arriving here in the past,” Tony murmured. “It wasn’t this bad when we left the Hydra base. I haven’t been able to really look at it because it…well, as you can see my reactor's a little bright so even in the privacy of my tent I couldn’t look at it without someone noticing…”
“Don’t complain to me about the bruises later, bud,” Tony retorted and fired.
He pushed Tony into the nearest wall and kissed him deeper. Tony dug his fingers tightly into Steve’s flesh and held on for dear life as his body gave into its passions and his mind was awhirl with all the new and happy possibilities for the future.
Steve’s lips wobbled a little and he repeated, “Tony…Hi, Tony.”
But they also enjoyed each other’s company. Steve wasn’t as noble as his father or the movies made him out to be. He was crude and funny and a dick sometimes but Tony ate it all up. They could sit down and talk for hours. Tony particularly loved hearing about Steve’s past. There was so much the history books left out on because this man was not the perfect man they made him out to be. He was so much more human with many quirks and weakness that defined him more than his ability to throw a shield or bench press more than humanly possible.
“What do you mean?” Steve murmured, his heart already feeling heavy from all of Bucky’s observations. He fell into the wooden door at Bucky’s side and faced the same direction as him so he wouldn’t have to meet his friend’s piercing gaze anymore. He and Tony could never be permanent…but they could share something – a small something, but something nonetheless.
“Are you sure?” Thor stepped forward and murmured, “According to Heimdall, and the Son of Coul,” he nodded his head to Coulson and continued, “I was instrumental in waking our Captain during his last healing sleep. Will I need to do more?”
His ploy must not have worked...
Bucky stopped his pacing and stood over Steve’s shoulder, peering down at the inventor with a tense demeanor.
Steve thought back to all the weeks he spent worrying over and mourning Tony. And of the months Tony spent mourning Steve…
Steve reached out and caressed Tony’s stubbled cheek. He whispered, “I’m glad to disappoint you.”
Dad ran his hand through Peter’s hair and murmured, “I have bad dreams sometimes too. They’re scary…It’s okay to cry, Peter.”
Tony spun around to face him and Steve’s reflection on the armor’s faceplate glared back at him. Tony replied with Iron Man’s grated voice, “I obviously didn’t mean to. Clint is fine, and if I hadn’t taken out that thing then it would have gone after you!”
“I can’t wait to be able to breathe again,” Tony sighed. His lung capacity had been restricted ever since Yensen put the cylinder in his chest to house the reactor he had made. It had originally been the shell to a bomb that his company had made. He ironically wondered if Stark Industries was still legible on the side after all these years…
