“You can’t come with me,” John snapped, “You’re not old enough to be able to turn invisible, and you’re too vulnerable to come with.”
“I’ll be fine, you know,” John assured Sherlock, turning to face his Alpha, “It was bound to happen sooner or later anyway, and I’ve got you with me so I’m good.”
“You’re getting annoying,” John told Sherlock, still grinning, as his Alpha looked up at him in question, “So I figured I might as well distract you and keep both of us happy.”
Dragons used to be things of myth and legend, but then a dragon appeared in London and presented a round blue egg to the Queen of England. For decades, people were wary of dragons and untrusting, and all eggs were claimed and given straight to the royal family, but they didn’t hatch. Only the first egg, the one that had been given to the Queen had hatched. A servant stumbled across the eggs and one of them hatched. Then, people began conducting research, and they found that once the eggs were given back to whom the dragons had given them, they hatched. They called it ‘Matching’. From then on, dragons and their eggs were treated with respect and revered.
John looked around for something that they could do, but was apparently too slow as Sherlock suddenly declared, “Let’s make pencils for each other!”
After a few minutes, Sherlock sighed, letting go of the puzzle (for now) to focus more on the case. “Next time, tell me straight away, alright?” Sherlock ordered.
Sherlock’s hand on the back of his neck tightened, and then Sherlock started moving his hips. Slowly, at first, as he brought his cock all the way out and rubbed the head against John’s lips, and then all the way back in. Then, his pace got quicker and his thrusts got shorter. John kept his gaze up on Sherlock, entranced by how handsome Sherlock was like this.
Sherlock’s lips were unmoving under his for a moment, before John suddenly found himself on his back, one of Sherlock’s hands pressing into his stomach and the other gripping his hair tightly and tugging until John tilted his head back and bared his throat. Sherlock settled between his legs, both of them nude, and began thrusting his hips.
After all, there couldn’t be a Sherlock Holmes without a John Watson, nor a John Watson without a Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock groaned and shook his head. John’s grip on Sherlock’s hand tightened in worry. What should he do? How could he stop Sherlock from dying?
He bolted into the alley, seeing a knocked over shiny round thing, and Sherlock on the floor. Letting out a soft cry, John raced over to him, kneeling down and trying to see what damage had been done. Except, he couldn’t see any. The second John realised he’d been tricked, Sherlock lunged upwards and tackled John to the ground, straddling his waist and keeping him pinned.
Sherlock’s gaze met his, and he stepped forward, bringing their faces close together. Sherlock’s eyes searched his.
He watched and listened as Sherlock started describing the sniper, and watched as Sherlock’s gaze fell on him then swept over him, taking in his raggard appearance, the dirt under his nails and the way some of his shirt was still untucked, and paused in speaking.
He’d yet to see Sherlock’s face, and he so desperately needed to. Slowly, Sherlock tucked in his wings and turned around, looking down at John. His face showed shock, and horror.
Sherlock gave a frown but released him. John rolled away and sat up, stretching out his wings, and ruffling them. Sherlock watched him, and sat up as well, slowly.
Closing his eyes, he wrapped himself in the cocoon of his wings, and placed his hands above his stick, closing his eyes and breathing deeply as he concentrated, conjuring up the energy within him, which then came shooting out his hands in a wash of light, as he focussed on the image on his head. Opening his eyes, he smiled, picking up the pencil. It was a brilliant white like his wings, the end light silver near the lead part, and the grass had been transformed into a gorgeous green, over-lapping pattern on the white. The nut at the top had become a grey bell, the feathers dangling off of it. In the middle on one side, it was inscribed with black writing ‘To SH from JW’.
Seeing as Sherlock had been the one to teach John how to transform to and from forms, it didn’t take Sherlock long before he was a wolf.
Sherlock nodded warily and John beamed happily and kissed Sherlock enthusiastically. “This is fantastic! That means we won’t have to worry about school for our pups, or how many we can have!” John said eagerly, and Sherlock looked surprised.
The first time John slept over Sherlock’s house, it hadn’t been planned. It was eight o’clock, and all the lights had already gone out in Sherlock’s house, but John didn’t care. Only a few minutes earlier, John’s parents had yelled at him, blaming him for his sister’s constant disappearances. John had retreated into his room, fell down onto his bed and lay there for only a moment before deciding that he couldn’t stand to be in this house for a moment longer. Opening the damned creaky window, John slid out, his wings trembling from his emotions just like his lower lip, and raced over to Sherlock’s house. John scaled the wall and eased the window to Sherlock’s bedroom open (he knew which one it was because of how often he was here) which, unlike his, didn’t creak at all, and slid inside and shut it behind him.
A shaky sigh was all he got in response, and John quickly called his boss to say there was a familial emergency, and dashed off. The traffic was awful, so he ran the entire way back to the flat.
John was resting against the pole for support now as his knees trembled slightly at having such an amazing Alpha so incredibly close to him. “I do love tea,” John managed to get out, before realising the attention they were gathering and cleared his throat again, shifting back slightly.
The peace and content between him and Sherlock had lasted until John was twenty and Sherlock was twenty one. Then John’s curious nature had come between them. Sherlock normally hadn’t minded John’s curious nature – if anything, he encouraged John to explore and learn everything he could under the human’s warm supervision. But, this time, he’d gotten curious about something that Sherlock hadn’t liked. War. He was curious about war. He’d started collecting pamphlets and brochures and tucking them under the mattress in their flat. When Sherlock had found out, he’d been furious, and had punished John, making him sleep on the floor for the first time in years and refusing him kisses for an entire month. He’d pleaded and begged and apologised – he always hated upsetting Sherlock – but Sherlock had been determined and told him if he saw any more about the war from John, he would kick John out. John had steered clear of anything related to the war for the next two months before his curiosity became unbearable and he started collecting and reading up on it once more
John cautiously shifted closer, reaching out and pressing his nose lightly against Sherlock’s. Hesitantly, unsure if it would work, John tried reaching out with his mind, startled when he actually connected. His eyes widened, and Sherlock went still, head turning to look at him.
“Why do you keep doing that?” Sherlock snapped, sitting up, his wings giving a short flap of anger, washing air over John.
They spent the next two days fucking like rabbits through his heat, and when it was finally over, they slept through the sixth day, and woke on the seventh wrapped around each other.
Everyone knew who Sherlock Holmes was – he had used to work with the police, until he’d gone bad and started threatening and black-mailing and, eventually, murdering. The case had always puzzled him, as there was no reason for him to go bad. There was just something about the story of Sherlock Holmes that didn’t quite fit, and he couldn’t work it out.
Sherlock gazed at him, eyes narrowing slightly before he relaxed and trotted over to John’s face and rubbed their muzzles together briefly.
“Just don’t go in the bedroom. My brain’s still primal and I may attack you guys for invading my territory,” John warned, though he knew it would be in defence of his mate if he did attack.
John sighed happily. “Love you too,” John mumbled, wanting nothing more than to go to sleep on his Alpha’s knot with his Alpha’s strong body around him.
John could not think of a better way to spend his life, and his only regret was not finding Sherlock earlier.
Sherlock rumbled comfortingly, and it relaxed John a little. “I courted John, and he accepted. Simple as that,” Sherlock answered for him, voice even and calm, though John could hear the thread of tension underneath.
Sherlock was quiet for a few minutes, before he finally spoke. It wasn’t an apology nor was it words of pity or anger. Instead, Sherlock said simply, “Come. Let’s get you washed and fed and trimmed.” And then Sherlock stood, snapping his fingers as he headed towards the bathroom.
Sherlock hummed in thought. They fell into silence whilst John worked. Once John was done, he put away the old bandage and hesitated. He didn’t want to go just yet. Sherlock’s eyes had fallen closed, but his good eye peeked open as John hesitated, and a soft smile crossed his lips.
“I promise they will never keep us apart,” Sherlock promised him, and pressed a light kiss to the top of John’s head.
“I don’t know. He glared at me,” John muttered, concentrating on the task of checking Sherlock over, even though he knew Sherlock was fine.
Then a human approached. John had stopped counting the days by then, but he knew that he was fading quickly and that he would more than likely die here. The sound of boots walking up the hill towards him took a few minutes before it processed in John’s delirious brain, and he blinked his eyes open, ears pricking. He had accepted his fate by this point and was lying down as comfortably as he could, but he would rather die of infection than let a hunter get him.
Sherlock was half-sitting, legs curled up and John was resting against Sherlock’s chest with Sherlock’s legs providing a barrier between John and the stranger.
“You don’t want to see this,” John stepped up to her, a small part of his brain telling him he was now too far away from Sherlock, but it was quickly silenced by the protector in him.
, John responded, shrugging as he padded over to Sherlock’s side and nudged him gently with his nose. Sherlock was much larger than him, but John didn’t mind – if anything, it was rather nice.
John broke the kiss, panting, eyes closed, as Sherlock sped up, pulling almost completely out before thrusting back in, brushing against John’s prostate and sending sparks of pleasure inside of him.
,” his Alpha snarled in a low rumble, “And if you hurt a single hair on him, it will be the last thing you do, Sally. And you, Anderson.”
John was stunned, and his mind floundered for a few long moments. Sherlock certainly was blunt and cut to the point. Did he agree? This was his first time at the Games, was he really so lucky as to score an Alpha on the first try? He did like Sherlock, a lot, and he knew the basic things about the Alpha. Sherlock seemed to like him. He understood John’s addiction to danger, even commended him for it, just like he’d wanted an Alpha to.
She nodded. “He’s in his room. I’ll go get him for you,” she said, and turned and left quickly, leaving John in the rain, pulling his wings to his back.
Satisfied, his Alpha turned to him and knelt down, cupping John’s face in his hands and looked him over thoroughly, as if looking for injury.
Their shoulders were lightly brushing, and John had to resist the urge to lean into Sherlock’s side and curl up contently, keeping quiet and content to just sit with Sherlock as the Alpha returned to reading his book, though he did keep John’s flower in his left hand, idly playing with it.
“No, John. Any more out of you and you’ll be sleeping at the end of the bed,” Sherlock warned, and John nodded his head to show he understood.
John hummed softly, his frown easing. He was still mostly unsure about Sherlock’s reaction to him Falling, but he knew that Sherlock would protect him and wouldn’t harm him, and that was all that John needed to know for now.
John’s eyes widened, and he held up his hands in a gesture hoping to calm down the sudden tension. “I-I just wanted to see the baby,” he stammered, feeling his wings tremble under his clothes.
John was relieved to find that she was still alive, and after checking her over, he found a blow to her temple which he assumed was the reason why she was passed out. Looking up for his patient, his gaze was drawn to Sherlock, who had a fellow prisoner pinned to the ground and a grin on his face. He looked alive in a way that John hadn’t seen yet, and John liked it and decided instantly he would be following Sherlock on lots of cases after this.
Sherlock’s eyes sharpened. “Now, what’s the rush?” Sherlock asked smoothly, his voice changing suddenly into that of a low purr.
He was still gorgeous. Sherlock’s cheekbones had always been pronounced, but they were now more than ever, and his curls were even curlier than ever. There were deep bags under his eyes, and he was skinny, but he’d grown. Sherlock was taller than him by a good few inches now, and John reached up hesitantly and pressed his palm against Sherlock’s cheek. Slowly, John stretched up and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips gently.
His heart was pounding hard in his chest, and his blood roaring in his ears, as he pleaded with Mycroft with his eyes. Mycroft held his gaze for a few moments, and then slowly shook his head. Mycroft would not help him.
“Don’t shoot!” his Alpha’s voice broke through the haze in John’s brain, sounding panicked. “Don’t shoot, he’s
Cautiously, John heaved himself upright, unsure whether either his leg would hold him up, nor whether whatever he was lying on could withstand his weight. Warily, John jumped down from the softness, tucking his injured leg up under his body and landing with three paws. Curious, John sniffed around the room first, before leaving the comfortably dark den and exploring the rest of the human dwelling. John recognised none of the things inside, but it smelt heavily of the human Alpha. This was obviously where he lived. And there were no other scents of others. This pleased John immensely.
Sherlock stood, glaring down at John for a few moments before he turned and shot out from the cave, his wings flapping strongly. John watched him, deflating and sighing. He really hadn’t changed that much. He still acted like a 100 year old sometimes.
And, even after he’d been punished and kicked out because of his interest in the war, he hadn’t joined, the pain of not being with Sherlock consuming him completely.
could get into by doing something, and was protective of the Angel. With a pang of affection, John recalled briefly on those decades they had spent together.
John was first to wake, rolling over and cuddling into Sherlock’s body, tucking his head under Sherlock’s chin (moving slowly so that he wouldn’t wake his Alpha) and inhaling deeply. The room stank of them and sex and heat, and John rather liked the smell.
Sherlock scoffed at him, “Don’t be ignorant, John, it doesn’t suit you,” he told John, still pressing close.
Interest was shown when an Omega gave an Alpha a flower, and the Alpha would generally show off the amount of flowers they had gained by twisting the stems and tying them into a continuing rope, which they would proudly show off, and if they were interested they would give the Omega a flower in return. Then, the Omega would generally make something for the Alpha, and things would go from there.
John nodded and stood up, carefully keeping his ears relaxed and tail down. Sherlock jumped down first and John followed. Together, they pushed away the barrier that John had created and snuck out into the flat. Whilst Sherlock explored the flat with his new senses, John shut the doors carefully, listening and was relieved to find Mrs Hudson out.
Now all he had to do was to go over there, hand over the flower and say a few words as to why he’d given it to Sherlock. It was simple, right? Well, apparently not. Taking in a deep breath, John stepped forward towards Sherlock. He could do this. Right? Right.
Lifting the note to his nose, John inhaled deeply and hummed in content. It smelt like Sherlock, and that soothed him. Unfolding it, John read it curiously.
John was uncomfortable with this, but he didn’t protest. They were in a club, and Sherlock was in disguise to try and lure the murder to get him. Before they had left, Sherlock had come back from his bedroom with a pair of tight dark jeans (John hadn’t seen Sherlock wearing since the human had been in his teens) and his purple silk shirt which had several buttons undone. He’d pulled on a light-brown wig (Sherlock’s hair was naturally brown, but it was such a dark colour that it could be passed as black), and when he’d picked up on John’s discomfort, he’d smiled warmly at his werewolf and assured John that he was counting on him to protect him. Then he’d been ushered into the bedroom and a pair of dark jeans were waiting for him, as well as a brown long-sleeved shirt and a leather jacket.
Sherlock’s gaze left his slowly, and travelled down his body to rest on the smooth, round bump of his belly. “Pregnant,” Sherlock echoed slowly, bending down and pressing his head to John’s baby bump, only to jerk away as their pup kicked at Sherlock’s ear.
John stared after him in silent longing. There was no call of his name for him to follow, or a snap of Sherlock’s long fingers. Disheartened, John glanced at Mike who smiled at him and shrugged. “I’ve got to go to. I’ll see you out,” Mike said, and started walking towards the door, glancing back at John before he reached it.
“Such a good Omega for me, John,” Sherlock praised, “Moving in and accepting my gifts and wearing these panties for me.”
“It made me sick,” John sulked, because that was the only logical explanation. He’d eaten the food, and then he’d thrown up.
John rolled off of the bed and stood, stretching out and yawning. He took a step before he was halted by the dragon calling out,
Stepping under the spray of the water, John closed his eyes and ruffled his hair to get it thoroughly wet. He needed to have his fur washed today, and had planned on asking Sherlock to do it for him, but would this bump be visible in his wolf form as well? Without realising, John’s hands went down to his belly and cupped the bump. There was another nudge against his hand, and John startled, looking down then sighing, a small smile twitching his lips upwards.
Sherlock stared at him for a moment before holding it out. John walked over, and gently took it out of Sherlock’s hand, holding it up to the light for a moment and smiling. The inscription was still there. Sherlock just didn’t know who ‘JW’ was anymore. It was still in perfect shape, and John knew for a fact that the colour would never fade, and the inscription would stay forever. He still carried the one Sherlock had made for him in his pocket of his pants, and he could suddenly feel its weight clearly.
The next day, police arrived at his door. The man in front was short, with dark hair and dark eyes, and a very stern face.
Bending his head, Sherlock whispered in John’s ear, “Mycroft works for the government. He’s here to help. He helped me get in here in the first place, and he can get you out.”
Sarah. John had been meant to go on a date with her this week. Sighing, John knew he wouldn’t go. He was needed here, with this egg and the precious dragon life inside. He couldn’t keep dating her, it was unfair to her.
He touched down lightly on the cave, and shook out his wings, smiling, before folding them in to his back, and looking around. His smile slipped as he saw a figure curled on the ground, wings obscuring it from sight. John frowned, glancing around before walking closer and crouching on the ground next to the figure. He peered closely at the wings, and was relieved to recognise Sherlock’s wings. He gently stroked them, and Sherlock gave a grumble, wings flicking his hand away. John gave a soft chuckle, and returned his hands, gently tickling Sherlock’s feathers. Sherlock gave a sleepy snarl and something that sounded suspiciously like, “Fuck off.”
“John is a wolf, and I ask that you don’t insult him,” Sherlock reprimanded sharply, his hand coming down and stroking John’s ears tenderly.
Sherlock squeezed John lightly and they both fell silent, and it wasn’t long until John was sliding into the peacefulness of sleep.
“Hey, do you have a name?” John asked as he rifled through the fridge to find something to eat. “And, what do you eat?”
“He won’t harm me. Stand back,” John ordered, before returning his attention to the gorgeous Alpha below him.
It was months after Sherlock was born until John received a note. Anonymous, of course, but John only had to read it for him to know what it was. Coordinates, and he knew exactly who had sent it – there was a little ‘H’ at the bottom of the paper. He was so excited, and had shot out from his home, and ran along the clouds, extending his wings, a shirt in hand as he dove through the clouds, looking at the paper for a brief moment before following them exactly, coming to land in the middle of a forest, in a clearing. It would have been hard to find, if he hadn’t had the coordinates, and it was a good spot. As his feet touched the ground, he tucked in his wings, not putting on his shirt just yet, and noticed how soft the ground was. Perfect. He went around while he waited and picked up all the sticks and sharp objects on the ground, chucking them out of the clearing.
They stayed like that for a long time, neither one of them moving or having any inclination to change their position – one of Sherlock’s hands cradled the back of his head whilst the other rubbed gently circles on John’s flat stomach.
John filled with warmth, and he threw himself at Sherlock, knocking Sherlock to the ground, and buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, sniffling slightly to try and keep back the tears of happiness. Whilst they’d both only found out today, it meant so much to him that Sherlock was so willing to accept their pup.
They stayed in silence for only a short few minutes, and then there were guards rushing down the hall, and John stirred from his trance-like state, but as Sherlock tightened his grip John slipped back into his instinct-induced trance. Everything was a bit of a blur to him because of it, but he vaguely saw guards burst into their room. And then he was being moved around, Sherlock’s hand always firmly pressed to his bond bite and keeping him complacent. He was aware of the fact that he was being dragged back to the bed and rearranged until he was in Sherlock’s lap, facing sideways with his head tucked under Sherlock’s chin. And that was when the hand lifted off of his bond bite, and he slowly regained his consciousness.
And oh, John did love to be fucked. The first time had hurt a bit, but it was a pleasurable pain that John had felt for days afterwards and it was amazing. When they got home from an exciting end to a case, Sherlock would bend him over the closest surface, strip John naked, unzip his own pants, and thrust straight into John. It never took long for John to find his own release, and sometimes Sherlock would withhold it from him until John was a begging, pleading, whimpering mess, and only then would Sherlock grant him his release.
Although it had only been a few hours since he’d last seen Sherlock, John already missed his Alpha. Sherlock’s scent was starting to fade from the room, and John hated it. He lay down on the bed and buried his face in one of the pillows, inhaling deeply and whimpering softly at the soft scent of Sherlock. His Alpha’s scent was one of the best scents he’d ever encountered. The only thing better than his Alpha’s scent was his and his Alpha’s scent combined. That was heaven. When Sherlock next came back, John would get that delightful combination of smells once again, and John couldn’t wait.
John’s hand was down in his pocket, gripping his phone and holding it out before he’d had time to realise that he’d done so, the words tumbling from his mouth, “Take mine.”
“Nothing. It was never meant to get this far. There was an underground murder ring in the prison, and I needed to get into it. So, I roughed up a few Alphas, nothing serious. Stole a bit – things that I did return, by the way. The DI that I was working with – Lestrade – was the only person who knew what I was doing, but, unfortunately, an accident on the job caused him to go into a coma. Keeping the knowledge to one person ensured that the murder ring had no idea what I was doing, but now Lestrade is… out of action, I could be stuck in prison for a while longer,” Sherlock explained quietly, and then sighed, nuzzling into John’s neck and closing his eyes.
At day 65, John gave birth. It was the middle of the night, and John was alone in the nest, and he could hear Sherlock rustling around in the kitchen. He gasped awake, hands clutching his large belly as pain rocketed through him. “Sherlock!” John cried out, shoving the covers off of him, and kicking them to the end of the bed, “Sherlock!” John cried again, whining in pain.
“Afghanistan,” John responded to the question. “How-?” he started, before cutting himself short and glancing at Mike. How did Sherlock act as if he didn’t know John, was what he wanted to ask. John was barely managing to stay upright.
“Never again. Those four years were hell for both of us. I shan’t ever let you go,” Sherlock promised, and John relaxed.
Sherlock’s chest rumbled with pleasure, and John felt it from where his head was resting. “That was probably the best thing you can say about me,” Sherlock informed John, pressing a gentle kiss to John’s head.
Glancing at the girl, he shook his head firmly, and then turned his attention back to Sherlock, though now he was aware that he was being watched. He could feel her gaze like it was burning into his skin.
John grasped his wallet from his back pocket and flipped it open, holding it out in front of Sherlock’s good eye and watching as he scanned over it carefully before meeting John’s gaze once more with a smile.
Gently, John eased Sherlock’s fingers away from the material, then pushed the material down his shoulder until his scars were revealed. “Sherrlock save John. John sick, Sherrlock heal. Sherlock Alpha. Mycroft want Sherlock London. Sherlock no leave John, bring John London. Mycroft scared,” John chuckled lightly, “John get bad human. Lestrade no like John. Sherlock like John. Sherlock no leave John?”
John froze, shuddering as he remembered the three dreadful years of being separated from Sherlock, and he whined. Sherlock knelt down in front of him and took a firm grip of John’s chin, forcing his head up to meet Sherlock’s stern gaze.
“Not until I get my answers,” Sherlock growled, and then shot in front of John, and John swerved under him, continuing on, his heart racing.
For a moment, John paused, torn between running away from the horrible smell and clearing his nose, and obeying Sherlock. As always, obeying Sherlock won out, and he took cautious steps forward into the far corner of the room where Sherlock was by the body. John held a hand to his nose to try and muffle the scent somewhat, but it didn’t work. It stung his nose, but pleasing Sherlock was more important than any discomfort.
, John promised. Well, he would be fine once he calmed down and had a bit of time to wrap his head around this.
John instantly got up and followed him out of the house, relieved when Sherlock lead them into the fresh air of London and around to an alleyway, where he promptly turned and pressed John up against the wall and moved his hand away from his nose before inhaling sharply.
Sherlock was still eating, digging his claws into the meat and using his sharp, sharp teeth to rip into it. Moving through Sherlock’s memories (which were few, and there were a lot of dark ones which when he entered one, he found his own voice talking to Sherlock), John found one where it was when Sherlock had first hatched. He watched through Sherlock’s eyes as the dragon turned and his gaze fell on John, could feel and see the bond, which was weak and pale, strengthen and widen, and pulse with a shimmering bright gold colour. He watched as Sherlock clambered up onto his chest and curled up there, simply watching John.
John sighed in content and relaxed into the kiss, closing his eyes and enjoying the bliss that came from being with Sherlock. “I love you,” John murmured warmly.
His Alpha was worried, John noted, but he didn’t have much time for thought as he lunged out of bed and shoved the furniture away, practically ripping the door off of the hinges as he flew out and tackled Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him and rubbing his naked body against the Alpha.
“Well, uh, Holmes has been demanding you. He’s already terrified most of the staff and none of the nurses will go near him and we think he might have an infection, but no one can get close enough to tell,” Lestrade explained, and John could imagine that the guard was scratching the back of his head.
“John is special,” Sherlock said simply, not turning around, and gently nudging John’s jaw until he was looking at his Alpha once more. “How did you get outside, John?”
Going back over to the two Betas John had taken down by himself, John peered down at them. “Why are they here? I mean, I understand why they made the mistake of trying to get me instead of you, but why bother at all? Surely you haven’t pissed off that many people?” John asked curiously, glancing at Sherlock.
“Can I?” John asked hesitantly, looking back at Mr Holmes and Mycroft, Mr Holmes gave a faint smile and nodded.
On the sixteenth day, John woke to the feel of soft breath on his face, a warm weight on his chest and an insistent, ‘
“Well?” Sherlock snapped, and John’s lips twitched before he extended his wings and curled them slightly so that Sherlock could easily see their full length.
There was another, smaller energy under its chin, John noticed curiously and focused on it. An egg! The dragon must be searching for the Match. No one knew how a dragon chose, and as John watched, he could see the outline of the baby dragon twist and turn in the egg, and point straight at him.
Sherlock’s eyes opened, focusing on John with a grim expression. “No!” John protested instantly, “I don’t know how. It may not even work!”
He glanced back up at the window of their flat from the street below, and had to suppress a smile as he saw Sherlock glowering down at him. Waving smugly, John turned and walked off. There was a street festival going on not far from here that he wanted to go to. It would take his mind off the case for a while and give him a chance to stretch his legs.
This was the fourth murder of a twenty year old male that had brown hair, blue eyes and tanned skin. There was obviously a pattern, and Lestrade had called Sherlock in after determinedly not calling Sherlock in for the other three murders (which Sherlock had sulked about).
John whined, confused. He didn’t know what was going on. Without turning to face him, Sherlock reached back and placed a calming hand on John’s head.
A darkness blotted out the sun, and John sighed. A cloud, perfect, he thought sarcastically. He really liked the sunshine. Wait. It wasn’t passing over. In fact… It was getting denser…
“I’ve seen you around a lot lately,” Sherlock said, his voice lightly curious on the outside, but it held the kind of steel in it that John tried to avoid.
As he was reaching for the doorhandle, the door opened and revealed Mycroft. For a second, Mycroft looked as stunned as John felt, and then his expression closed and became cold.
Sherlock pressed a chaste kiss to his lips before sliding down John’s body, gently lifting John’s jumper and shirt before reverently pressing his lips to John’s belly. He wasn’t yet showing, but that would change in another few weeks. John couldn’t wait for that to happen. To have evidence of the pup growing inside of him, formed by himself and Sherlock. Oh, John would love this pup with all of his heart, and care for them with the best of his ability.
His clothes felt itchy against his skin, and he felt jumpy. He found himself going to the doors and windows, shutting and locking them repeatedly before going and doing it again a few minutes later to check them. He didn’t feel safe, even though he knew he was. Every noise in the building made him flinch, and he just wanted to go to bed.
John then slid down Sherlock’s trousers, in full doctor mode now, and only looked up when Sherlock made a small noise of surprise.
John had moved back into their flat after he’d forgiven Sherlock), but whatever room John was in, Sherlock would wander into and stay put. If John was watching telly in the living room, Sherlock would flop onto the couch next to him and start deducing whatever program they were watching with scorn. If John was puttering about in the kitchen, Sherlock would settle in at the kitchen table with some experiment, or he would demand a cup of coffee.
Was the immediate response, though Sherlock’s slow breathing didn’t change and he didn’t twitch a muscle.
Sherlock gave a soft giggle, and John lifted one wing to smile at him, before placing a finger to his lips and lowering his wings again. “I’m hiding,” John whispered loudly.
The pencil Sherlock made for John was black, and he had made deep blue rivers through the black, and had attached two of his feathers to the top as well, and it had a pure white inscription that read, ‘To JW from SH’.  John smiled, gently taking the pencil as Sherlock took his.
John also knew that it was mainly his fault. After all, he had been the one to leave for weeks on end without any form of contact after they’d been bonded for only two weeks, and was pregnant with Sherlock’s pup. They’d both been strained by the separation, only John had had something else to occupy himself with to distract from the emptiness being away from Sherlock had caused. Sherlock had had nothing but his thoughts, and John felt guilty just thinking about it.
“Really, Sherlock, I don’t understand why you insist on living out here,” his Alpha’s littermate sighed, coming and sitting on the sofa John was hiding behind, and his hackles raised.
Yet again, Sherlock came looking for him within an hour of John transforming. John had stashed the clothes from last time and was wearing the same thing this time. There were more people around this time, which John was grateful for, as it let him blend into the crows and slip away without Sherlock seeing him. He hated that he was deceiving his Alpha like this and running from him, but he couldn’t bear facing the possibility that Sherlock would want him to leave after finding out.
Not long after that, they moved to London. John was less than pleased, but Sherlock was ecstatic, so John didn’t protest. The den that they moved in to was tall, and it had steps that John had to climb up that irritated his bad leg, but Sherlock was so happy that again, John couldn’t complain. It was smaller than their last den, but the sleeping section was larger, as was the main section. There was an old human female that lived below them, and she wandered up occasionally, but she was harmless, so John ignored her for the most part.
The air helped clear his head and he didn’t feel quite so ill anymore. Sighing in relief, he placed a contemplative hand on his stomach and rubbed gently through his warm jumper (not that he really needed extra warmth, but it was comforting and kept out the bite of the wind). He walked along the less crowded streets of London and ended up at a quiet park. Sitting down, he flexed his toes and leant back against the hard bench and closed his eyes.
Restraint – Sherlock was an Alpha, and yet when he fought, he was not brutal like all the other Alphas. He was somewhat lenient and allowed the other Alpha to regain his wits before starting his next attack, and never caused enough damage to be truly harmful – just enough to make the other Alpha submit and concede defeat.
John bit his lower lip as he thought for a moment. “Yes. Yes, I will,” John told Sherlock with a smile.
Mrs Holmes grinned. “Perfect. We’ll send you a note as to where you and him can meet so that no-one will be able to see you,” she said. “Mycroft will come along too.”
Sherlock lowered his head and John closed his eyes, tilting his head up as Sherlock lapped at his lips for a few moments, easing all traces of the woman before sliding his tongue into John’s mouth and thoroughly caressing John’s mouth, claiming it as his own once more. John sighed in relief and tightened his hold on Sherlock, pressing eagerly into the kiss.
“Only with you, John,” Sherlock murmured against his lips, then playfully nipped at John’s lower lip.
After exchanging goodbyes, John hung up and retreated back to the bedroom where the scent of Sherlock was still strong.
Sherlock’s fingers were constantly rubbing on his stomach, occasionally sliding up more towards his chest. John hummed happily, content to lie here like this. Sherlock sniffed all along John’s neck, inhaling his scent and making noises of content, eventually, it seemed that Sherlock decided just smelling wasn’t enough, and started licking and nibbling.
John nodded his head and said a quick goodbye before hurrying out of the room before he could be persuade to stay longer by his gorgeous mate. He reported his findings to Lestrade, and then went off home to talk to Mrs Hudson.
“Wait here, I’ll go get it running,” Sherlock told him, pressing a kiss to John’s forehead before slipping out of bed and John’s arms.
A laugh from Mycroft startled John, and he looked up at Sherlock’s brother and saw a smile on Mycroft’s face.
The human caressed John’s cheek in response, his scent spiking with pleasure, and then John was being moved until the human had access to the trap. John’s would had swelled up around it, and a spike of anger came from the human.
John and Sherlock sprang into action, leaping out of the closet and as did the guards, appearing out of nowhere and tackled the prisoners, Sherlock leaping into the fray whilst John grabbed the limp body and dragged her away from the struggle.
Sherlock was marking his back as well, biting and nipping and sucking, and his long fingers gripped John’s hips hard enough to leave bruises. It made John pant and moan at the thought of his body being littered with Sherlock’s claim on him.
Sherlock’s eyes opened instantly and he sat upright, swinging his legs off of the bed and staring at John intently.
He couldn’t help from being aroused by Sherlock’s primal Alpha side, and couldn’t help from slipping into his own Omega side.
“Understood,” John agreed, perking up at the thought of being in his wolf form. John loved his wolf form.
“I don’t know, John,” Sherlock sighed, softening a little at John’s cry, and strode over to John, wrapping his arms around him and John buried his face into Sherlock’s neck gratefully, “Maybe you caught the flu or something like that.”
“My parents,” Sherlock spat out the words with such hate that John whined again, “Shh, sorry, I’m sorry my dear. It’s alright.”
John walked (limped) into the flat, behind Sherlock, gaze fixed on Sherlock, hardly aware of the presence of the landlady. When Sherlock had invited him to the flat, he hadn’t thought that it was a place that Sherlock was looking at buying. Did that mean that Sherlock was inviting him to move in with him once again? He knew that it was unlikely that Sherlock had forgiven him just yet.
John looked to the side, not answering. He saw Sherlock look around, and then, before John could protest, suddenly pressed him to his chest and dove downwards.
must be John Watson then! I’m such a huge fan!” She pressed closer to him, looking up at him in adoration.
Within moments, Sherlock appeared, and quickly wrapped his arms around John and pulled him into a kiss. “Back to bed?” Sherlock asked once he’d pulled back.
He could feel Sherlock’s chest expand and then decrease as his Alpha sighed, but John’s threat of not being able to touch their pup was still strong evidently, and Sherlock rubbed at John’s stomach as he spoke, telling John all about the case and what still needed to be done.
He could feel Sherlock’s beaming smile on his neck, and John turned and looked up at the Alpha, to find Sherlock looking back at him. Sherlock dipped his head and pressed their lips together gently, just brushing and breathing each other’s air.
So, John started testing how far he could go before Sherlock got antsy and called him back. On this particular crime scene, John was standing almost all the way back at where the crime scene tape was. He’d crept back slowly whilst Sherlock was distracted over the body, and Greg was with him as they chatted idly while they waited for Sherlock to share his deductions.
John, in return, told Sherlock everything – his depression, suicidal thoughts, everything. Sherlock had been distraught, and they spent the remainder of the night cuddling and reassuring each other with physical contact.
Eyes shooting open, he had a split-second to recognise something was hurtling towards him, and rolled to the side quickly, and stood, jumping backwards out of reach. The figure landed, and John recognised those wings. They were strong, and sleek, but black with brown around the edges. Oh, oh this was not good. At all. John took a quick glance around. He knew he had absolutely no chance of out-flying Sherlock (they had used to race when they were younger, and Sherlock always won by literally miles). This was so bad. If Sherlock didn’t remember him, he might attack John, and John knew he would never hurt Sherlock – or, any more than he already had.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft began, and John lunged forward, furious, but was stopped by firm hands on his scruff jerking him backwards.
Sherlock hummed, turning his head and kissed John sweetly, causing John to melt into his mate’s body and lips. “I’ll take care of you, John, just like I always do,” Sherlock promised him, then lowered his head and kissed John’s round belly, “And you, little one, I’ll take care of you, too.”
A moving truck had been by yesterday, and now a sleek black car pulled up outside of the house next door and the first one out was a young boy, probably around John’s age. He had pale skin, and dark brown curly hair, and his wings were incredibly dark and sleek. Immediately, John knew what he was – a Dom. There was absolutely that he was a Sub like John. The boy held himself like a Dom – upright and with an air of absolute confidence. John had met Doms before, and he’d never met one that he’d even remotely liked. They were all arrogant beyond belief, and wanted absolute submission from every Sub that they met, and John hated it. Eyes narrowing, John watched as the boy raced around the house and out of John’s sight.
John slipped off into sleep peacefully, feeling Sherlock’s long fingers run through his hair tenderly.
“Don’t go far,” Sherlock warned, and John knew that it was because if John strayed far after being reunited after John had been absent for too long, Sherlock would most likely attack everyone to get John back.
“Hello,” he was greeted civilly, but there was clear worry in Sherlock’s eyes, a slight frown on his face and he had wrinkles at the corners of his eyes that only ever appeared when he was stressed, “I’m looking for my pet. Have you seen him?”
Whilst they were at Sherlock’s, if Sherlock sat on the couch, then John would sit on the floor and lean back against the couch and lean against the side of Sherlock’s legs. It felt natural, especially when Sherlock would card his fingers into John’s blonde hair and gently massage his scalp with his long, wonderful fingers. The casual possessive touch was soothing, and incredibly relaxing. Sometimes, Sherlock would even groom his wings for him, and that intimate touch almost always sent John into such a relaxed state he would be almost asleep.
“Right, I have to be go. Left my riding crop in the morgue,” Sherlock said, striding away and paused at the door, winking at John before disappearing.
Whilst he was terrified of Sherlock’s reaction, he knew that he couldn’t run anymore – figuratively and literally.
Sherlock hissed at him, climbing up his body until he was perched on John’s shoulders once more, pressing his sharp teeth against the side of John’s neck in warning.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow playfully as they crossed into the bathroom, “Oh? I think I should meet him and tell him to keep his hands off of my Omega,” Sherlock teased, leaning down and nuzzling John before sitting in the bath with John between his legs.
Sherlock nodded immediately, his grin never faltering. “We can meet here. No one ever comes here,” Sherlock told him happily, and, finally, the wall that had been blocking his emotions from other was finally falling down.
John was eating dinner when he really started feeling ill. He didn’t feel like eating the gourmet meal from Sherlock that he’d heated up. His stomach felt like it was cramping, and his face was flushed when he caught a glimpse of himself in the reflection. Frowning, he wiped his forehead and, sure enough, a layer of sweat was covering him.
As Sherlock put the food down in front of him, John inhaled deeply and was struck by the sudden urge to put salt in it. John blinked, wondering where that urge had come from, but he reached for the salt on the table anyway. Sherlock’s hand covered his, and John looked up to find Sherlock frowning slightly.
Sherlock stilled, and he seemed confused. Then, he shook his head as if to get rid of pesky thoughts, and asked again, “Where is John?”
could use the money – and for pups no less!” Sherlock sighed happily and used a finger under John’s chin to tilt his head up. “You are definitely the perfect Omega for me,” Sherlock said with a smile.
“You-you can speak in my head,” John stated, blinking in shock, his still-asleep mind not functioning properly.
John stiffened, mind whirling. He belonged to this human? John hadn’t agreed to that. And yet, as the hand on his belly began to stroke the fur there tenderly, he couldn’t help but think that this felt
eating those on me,” John protested firmly when Sherlock made to take the meat and eat it on John’s shoulder, “You’ll get the juices all over my jumper!”
Thankfully, it seemed that he’d slept through most of his contractions, and it was only a few hours later before a pup slid from him and into Sherlock’s waiting grasp. It seemed that his baby had shifted forms with him, and he was relieved. John twisted and watched. Sherlock seemed to be in awe of their pup, cradling her in his large palms and looked like he was on the verge of crying. Sherlock met his gaze and handed their pup up to John. John gently grasped her by the scruff and guided her to his belly to suckle as he started cleaning her.
That stopped John short, his growl fading away in confusion, sniffing the air again. No, this was definitely a human. Yet, he acted and spoke like an Alpha. If he were a wolf, John would have instantly recognised him as one, and yet he was a human. And this human had killed the hunters? John’s head tilted, relying on his other senses to bring him more information about this human, seeing as his sight was fuzzy and he couldn’t focus on anything. He focused in on the human’s heartrate, and it was steady. Not lying, then. His nose picked up the faintest scent of human blood - , no, two different kind of human blood. Two hunters, going by the smell of the metallic weapons that humans used.
There was rustling from the bed, and then one of Sherlock’s hands cupped the back of his head lightly and brought him slightly forwards until his lips brushed against something warm. After a moment, he realised it was Sherlock’s cock, and John moaned breathily. Above him, Sherlock chuckled softly, and then Sherlock’s cock was being pressed into his mouth. John didn’t fight it, but instead relaxed into the feeling and opened his mouth even wider. It felt good, for his mouth to be filled like this.
, Sherlock’s voice entered his mind. Instantly, John’s gaze flickered to the fireplace where gorgeous blue, green and gold eyes were staring back at him.
John was seventeen and nervous. He was finally of age to attend the Games. Every Omega and Alpha waited and waited until they could attend. It was held every two months, and lasted for a week and ended on the night of the full moon. It was the easiest way to find a mate, especially for Alphas. Alphas would compete in the games to show off their skills and strength, and the Omegas would watch.
But, something was up with John. He wasn’t sure if he’d caught a bug, or what, but he felt ill. He’d been feeling down for a while. Roughly two weeks. Sherlock didn’t seem to have noticed. He’d gone out on a case this morning, leaving John alone in the flat.
Behind him, Sherlock grumbled sleepily, and John opened his eyes and tilted his head to look at Sherlock. Sherlock opened his eyes sleepily and yawned, then, casually as if Sherlock owned every part of John and was entitled to, Sherlock slid his hand down John’s body and into his pants, to wrap around John’s hard cock. John whimpered at both the feel and the casual possessive touch, eyes falling closed as his hips tried to thrust up, but were held in place by the tight grip Sherlock’s second pair of wings had on them.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, glittering dangerously, “Yes, I know exactly what he is. Most people mistake him for a dog, but not you. Why do you know so much about my pet?” Sherlock asked, and John knew that he had just failed some kind of test.
’ sounding in his head. With a groan, John opened his eyes and then pressed backwards in shock. There was a black dragon face staring at him, with gorgeous sea-coloured eyes gazing at him.
John obeyed without hesitation, transforming into his wolf form and panting, eyes squeezed closed. Sherlock moved to his rear, lifting his tail out of the way and soothing John through his contractions.
“Let’s do something!” John exclaimed, standing up, taking Sherlock’s hands in his own to pull him up too.
Sherlock gave a tired but warm smile. “I… know. Hurry, John. Love …. Too,” Sherlock wheezed out, his eyes starting to flutter closed.
Sherlock huffed, glancing down at John for a long moment before leaning down and capturing John’s lips in a quick kiss. “You’re mine,” Sherlock murmured against his lips, eyes vivid bright.
John wavered a moment, but as Sherlock’s hold on his chin tightened slightly, he blurted out mentally,
John blinked in surprise. He hadn’t even noticed the door (which he had locked, by the way, as he didn’t want Sherlock’s brother or parents walking in on him showering) opening. John was shaken out of his thoughts when Sherlock beckoned him closer.
Sitting down in the bedroom feeling embarrassed, it was only a moment later before Sherlock burst into the room. His eyes fell on John and John saw the confused frown on his face.
“Yes, now, John,” Lestrade told him, and John stood and turned to face his Alpha with a small smile.
John was excited to finally be getting involved in something exciting and he would be helping his mate. Just because he was an Omega – and a pregnant one at that – didn’t mean that he was useless. John was far from that, and he had enough skills as a doctor to be able to help out if there were any injuries. Also, John was smart and a quick learner, and could hold his own in a fight as well. John knew that he could be useful if Sherlock’s instincts took over or got out of control. Having his mate close by would surely help, and John knew Sherlock knew all this, deep down. But, John also knew that Sherlock didn’t like the idea of him being in danger at all.
The next day, John got a phone call asking him to come and take care of a patient from the outer-regions of London and more into the country. He hesitated for but a moment before agreeing. He needed the money, after all, and a job would keep him busy and let him focus on something other than Sherlock and how much he missed him. John was unsure how to contact Sherlock, seeing as the prison hadn’t called him in, and eventually just sighed and decided that there was no way that he could get in contact with Sherlock without causing suspicion. He’d just have to talk to Sherlock when he got back.
Once that was done, he phoned the officer Lestrade and then made his way around the building, giving the police enough time to get there before he ventured onto the scene, eyes finding Sherlock wrapped in a shock blanket and unable to supress his smile of amusement.
Sherlock’s tone was not one to be argued with, so, without opening his eyes, John opened his mouth and licked at whatever was in front of him obediently. It was a little salty and tasted funny, but John was far too blissed out to care, and lapped at whatever it was until all he could taste was Sherlock’s palm.
“I missed you,” Sherlock whispered into his ear, voice shaking as he pressed gentle kisses to all of the places that he’d bit John earlier. “I love you, John.”
Time stood still, and John swore that his heart stopped for a moment. John’s body reacted automatically to the familiar voice – his knees giving out from under him and head tilting to the side to bare his neck. John whined, a keening, heartbroken sound as tears sparked in his eyes, and his hands shook.
“Sherlock?” John asked worriedly, hurrying over to his mate and perching on the edge of the mattress, reaching out and resting his hand hesitantly on Sherlock’s side.
Where had Sherlock gone? He’d been acting odd before he left, and John had refreshed the search, and now he ran his hand through his hair. Darting over instantly as the computer beeped, John stared. It was moving.
John relaxed, his head resting against Sherlock’s chest, and he tilted his head to look up at the Alpha, smiling. “You’re not a traditional Alpha, either. It’s nice,” John told Sherlock, pleased when he saw a smile spread across the Alpha’s face.
John followed Sherlock’s scent trail a long way, grateful that most humans returned to their dens at night, loping along the hard ground until the scent grew a lot stronger. And mixed with a lot of other scents. Scents that carried the distinct smell of human weapons. Alarmed, John bolted into a wide den to find his Alpha cornering a human, his back to the line of humans that held up weapons. Slinking forward silently, noting that none of the humans had noticed him yet, he watched as the human his Alpha was approaching bolted away from the line of humans, but straight into John.
inscribed on it in black writing. John tilted his head, and Sherlock reached out, sliding John’s head through the middle of the linked chains and then let go. It settled comfortably on John’s neck, not too tight, but tight enough for John to not be able to forget its presence or for it to fall off.
The human kept walking closer, not seeming to care about John’s threat. John bared his teeth, lip pulling up and away from his teeth as a threatening growl rumbled through him.
It was around two in the morning by the time they trailed into the bedroom, weary, and John lingered by the end of the bed as Sherlock stripped and curled under the blankets.
Several times, they had to press back against the wall of the corridor to avoid being seen by the guards and the occasional fellow prisoner being escorted to and from places.
There was relief evident in Lestrade’s voice as he said, “Thank you, Dr Watson. We really appreciate it.”
John had been coming out of the shower, towel slung over his waist and on his way to steal some of Sherlock’s clothes for pyjamas, when Sherlock (who had been lying on the bed) gave a startled noise that instantly stole John’s attention. Turning, John’s wings perked curiously, John saw Sherlock staring at his own lap intently. John followed the Dom’s gaze and his wings dropped submissively as he saw Sherlock’s tented trousers.
She smiled down at him, smoothing down her child’s already curly black hair, and he gave a soft gurgle. “He is,” she agreed, love clear in her voice. John wished that his parents would speak to him like that. His parents spent most of their time worrying, or working, so he was usually by himself.
John, as an Omega, had been wandering around the Games for a few days by now, and he’d been checking out the Alphas unashamedly as they played and showed off equally as unashamedly. There was one who’d caught John’s eye so far. He’d been too shy to approach him at first, so he’d watched from afar.
Before Sherlock could get to them, John lifted his foot up and shoved his foot backwards and into the groin of the person holding him, who released him and John spun and kicked him in the face. There were two more, and managed to punch one in the face before Sherlock was tackling the other.
They solved crimes together, chased down criminals together, and everything was absolutely perfect. John loved Sherlock with all his heart, and he knew that his Alpha loved him in return.
So, they were most likely in an abandoned building somewhere. Not in the center of London, as he couldn’t hear traffic. Probably in the industrial area, where there was less traffic.
John had almost forgotten about the change until he felt it tingling at his body. He felt panic lace through him and he bolted upright from where he’d been napping on the sofa whilst he waited for Sherlock to return from who knows where. A glance outside showed the sun setting, and he knew he didn’t have long. He’d have to get out and get somewhere safe before Sherlock got home and tried to find him.
John hadn’t realised that he’d been staring until Sherlock took it out of his pocket and twirled it around in his fingers.
Lifting the hand that wasn’t attached to Sherlock, John stayed in the energy world as he moved his hand through the line. It didn’t bend or curve, or even flicker. It was strong. Curiously, John imagined himself travelling along that golden thread, and suddenly he was in Sherlock’s thoughts. Sherlock had been keeping track of him, John noted, and he could feel Sherlock’s amusement at his awe.
Sherlock grinned at him, sharp and predatory, and responded, “Well, sex, obviously. If it’s a male and female pair, then the female is the one who lays the egg, but if it’s a same sex couple, the dragon is the one to implant the sperm, and the other lays the egg.”
It was only a few more moves before a very satisfied-looking Sherlock declared check mate. The other Alpha was trapped, with no moves he could make, and after several moments of looking frustrated, he sighed and flicked over his king piece in defeat.
John carefully laid himself down on the bed, tucking himself under Sherlock’s arm and curling into his side, eyes closing as he silently wept and prayed to a god that he didn’t believe in, that Sherlock didn’t die.
Another year passed, and John had to move on. He moved out of his parent’s house (it had become his after his parents died, and Harry had moved out quite quickly, leaving him on his own), and moved in with his friend Mike. Mike was a Dom, and a single one, but he was gently-spoken and knew that John would never want anyone other than Sherlock.
John awoke to strong arms wrapping around him gently, and then he was being lifted and held against a strong chest. John gave a soft grumble, nuzzling into the soft flesh of what he assumed was a neck and inhaled, relaxing as he recognised the scent of Sherlock.
John’s eyes landed on an unfamiliar person, sitting uncomfortably close to the bed on a chair that John didn’t know where it had come from. Pressing backwards into Sherlock, John eyed the man warily. Obviously, Sherlock trusted this stranger, otherwise he wouldn’t have let him come so close. The stranger wasn’t even looking at John, his gaze fully focused on Sherlock.
“I know. I-I was just leaving,” he said, unsure of who he wanted to turn his back to, so he turned sideways so he could see both of the brothers.
Sherlock sighed and nodded his head. “Alright, I suppose you could come with me to crime scenes, as long as you behave,” his Alpha said and John perked up instantly, tail wagging faster.
Sherlock pulled back first, and John whined, pouting up at him. Sherlock’s chuckle made him smile, pout fading.
John questioned mentally, blinking as he pulled back from the memory and drew out of Sherlock’s head.
. Just like he was Sherlock’s. “Alright, yeah,” John mumbled, not wanting to move from this position.
Sherlock wavered for a moment, obviously fighting against his body’s natural instinct, and released John’s neck, but didn’t move back.
Twenty minutes later, the police excused themselves with nothing to show for their search. DI Dimmock apologised for the inconvenience, then thanked him for being so cooperative, and told him to call if he saw Sherlock Holmes.
When John was finished, he set the tray aside, stretching and lay down again. He let Sherlock manoeuvre him until Sherlock was spooning him, arms wrapped firmly around his back. “Better?” Sherlock asked in a soft murmur into John’s ear.
Sherlock looked up at him in amusement then climbed onto his forearm and sat there. John walked into the bathroom, surprised by how incredibly light Sherlock was. Sherlock had his tail wrapped around the crook of John’s elbow, and John gazed down at him in fond amusement.
Wondering if he would be able to speak again, John reached up and patted Sherlock’s face gently, “Sherrrrl’ck,” then patted at his own chest and said, “John.”
But, he had to resist. If he chased after Sherlock, he would surely be mad with John.  Despite everything, it was still deeply ingrained in John to not do anything that might upset Sherlock. He’d only ever disobeyed Sherlock three times, and every time afterwards he’d always regretted it and wished he’d that he hadn’t done it.
John sighed again, more annoyed this time. “Sherlock, you can’t stop me,” John warned, pushing at Sherlock to try and dislodge the dragon.
Clambering onto Sherlock’s back, John felt the familiar adrenaline run through him as Sherlock took off, invisible to everyone else, and back to the rest of their lives together.
John nodded and leapt, transforming and hitting the pavement with four paws, instantly darting after her. She was much bigger than him in this form, but John was faster.
John’s eyebrows went up. He’d never been this close to Hell before. John realised that Sherlock was still gently stroking his wings, but John found that he didn’t mind. Not a bit.
John closed his eyes and relaxed, focusing simply on Sherlock and not on all the weird things going on with his body.
Concern and a little panic overwhelming him, John rolled Sherlock onto his back, and checked his pulse. It was slow, but not dangerously so. Why wasn’t Sherlock reacting at all? Resorting to desperate measures, John sent a wave of fear through the bond, but Sherlock didn’t even twitch. Something was seriously wrong.
He knew by heart which window was Sherlock’s, and he wasn’t surprised to see it open – that must have been how Sherlock got back in. He dived in through Sherlock’s window, he looked around briefly. He couldn’t see Sherlock, and turned around, eyes sweeping over the room.
John rested his head back against the trunk and closed his eyes, relaxing in Sherlock’s presence and enjoying the peace and quiet. It was a comfortable silence, not at all awkward, and John liked that they didn’t have to attempt to make small talk.
A pause in the deductions made John look up, and he saw Sherlock staring at him intently – no, staring at his hand covering his nose. Sherlock tore his gaze from John and glared at Lestrade. “Honestly, Lestrade, this is a simple case. I’ll text you the rest of the details you need to know later,” Sherlock said, quickly turning and striding from the room, snapping his fingers.
The day after, another note arrived, with no gift and John couldn’t help but be disappointed until he remembered that Sherlock only seemed to send a gift every three days, and then next would arrive tomorrow. Hesitant, John broke the seal and pulled out the letter, reading it over.
Sherlock looked at him suddenly, then his eyes flickered to John’s wings and he frowned, reaching out with his other hand and touching them gently. “I know these wings,” Sherlock murmured to himself.
John couldn’t hold it back any longer and came with a scream of Sherlock’s name. Sherlock continued fucking him through it, then picked up the pace, snarling as he slammed into John’s body repeatedly with such force that the bed rocked and banged into the wall.
, Sherlock. I will not sit around like some dainty little house-Omega!” John warned him, “Let me help on the case, or I won’t let you feel our pup.”
He’s lost all that carefully crafted composure. With eyes half-lidded and rosy pink lips parted. He looks downright indecent.
With desperation in his voice and a patch of wetness darkening his briefs, John was lust incarnate. And Sherlock would deny him no longer.
I look up at him, my hands already bracketing his hips, my lips barely more than an inch from his jutting prick. I curl my tongue out and lick up a pearly drop of precome. “Keep recording.”
“You've seen my torso.” Sherlock skimmed his hand from collar bone to hip. “Even at my most limber, I could just lick the tip.”
“So exactly how many chemistry labs have you blown up?” John asks. He shifts in his seat, turns closer. His foot taps against Sherlock’s.
His brow lifts, his expression surprised at first, then patiently expectant. His hands continue to move.
“Here we are, gents,” the cabbie barked, apparently not keen to have two grown men dry humping in the backseat.
I can feel a growing bulge beneath my arse and I've got an answering hardness in my pants. I shift, sliding my arse back and forth against his burgeoning erection. His big hands find my hips, encircle me, and guide me into a more deliberate motion. We refine the movement—him rocking up and me grinding back down—until I'm ostensibly riding his cock.
Part of me wants to be insulted—insisting it's just his bloody Alpha instincts, coddling me and protecting his offspring. But then he whispers into my ear—calls me beautiful and asks if I want anything, need anything. He comes home from a grueling day at the surgery and rubs my feet while he complains about the new paperwork system they’ve put in place that nobody seems to understand. He takes me to bed and spends an eternity sucking my cock, despite the fact that I can barely see him over the growing expanse of my belly.
Their eyes met, a fleeting moment that left the air inexplicably charged. Without a word, John sidestepped Sherlock and moved the to the bed. He sat down, leaning back on his hands and tilting his head to the side. He glanced back at Sherlock from under a fan of blond lashes, a soft simper curling his lips. Sherlock didn't believe the coquettish act for one moment, but he was drawn to it nonetheless.
He stroked up to the head, then stilled. Squeezed. Slowly, as if unsure, Sherlock rolled his back and flexed his buttocks. When John offered no correction, he did it again—thrusting into John’s fist.
John’s hands slide down his back, tracing fire through his shirt. They settle on his hips, tug him closer, and—oh, God.
John pressed fractionally harder, dragging his middle finger more firmly over Sherlock's prostate as he pulled back to the first knuckle, then sank back in. A little faster. A little rougher. Teasing at Sherlock until he was trembling, bucking back, and crying out, “O-oh, God! Yes!”
Sherlock needed no more invitation. He climbed into John’s lap, took his face between his hands and kissed him. Eager. Needy. Like a man starving. The slide of John’s tongue between his lips was euphoric, the ravenous turn of his mouth—pure bliss.
Nothing could have prepared him for the flood of arousal that nearly takes him out at the knees. John's mouth is commanding, capturing Sherlock’s top lip, bottom lip, top again. His tongue plays against Sherlock’s with soft brushes and teasing flicks. And when John pulls away, Sherlock can't help but chase after him.
“All right. But you’re paying for a cab back. I’ve had just about all the indecent exposure I can handle for the day.”
Sherlock drew himself up, going as far as to lift his chin and set his jaw. “If you don't like it, leave. Or better yet, I'll take my dinner to bed. Would that soothe your delicate sensibilities?”
"John. . ." Sherlock gasped, rocking his hips to meet the crest of John's thrusts. "John I've made such a mess."
John jiggles the key in his lock, cursing it under his breath. The flat is small but surprisingly clear of clutter, and there's been a valiant effort to cover a faint musty odor with a vanilla air freshener. Sherlock doesn't have the opportunity to observe much more, as he is dragged by the wrist down a short hallway.
"Your sense of humor is beyond reproach," Sherlock deadpanned. "Truly, you're wasted as a detective."
Sherlock's movements were careful and considered—slipping his belstaff from his shoulders and hanging it on the hook by the door, bending slowly to untie his oxfords and pull them off his feet. He breathed through the throbbing urge to let go and rose back up with all the poise and dignity of a man
Towels and sheets rearranged, Sherlock curled up against John's side, one leg tossed over his hip and arm slung low over his stomach.
“John!” He breathes. John is hot and hard against his thigh, canting his hips in a languorous rhythm that Sherlock’s body immediately falls into.
My eyes flutter closed as the stretch changes from a fleeting suggestion to a bold intrusion. That sweetly tapered crown inches deeper, catches on my rim for a wonderfully agonizing second, then pops in. I can feel the way my body wraps around him. Welcoming.
Sherlock tried not to gawk. This was, by all accounts, not the strangest thing he’d discovered about John—or vice versa—but the visual was certainly the most absurd. “How’d that work?”
Sherlock reaches out, grips around the base—the girth filling his grip completely—and squeezes. John hisses, head lolling back. How has this man—this short, unassuming man—managed to keep this hidden?
“No. The wife, John. In the shock of finding her husband’s body in such a state she still had the presence of mind to stage the scene.”
“Autoerotic asphyxiation,” Sherlock answered, with admittedly more glee than was probably appropriate.
Sherlock nodded, rubbing his head against the sheets. He’d be a good kitty. Right now, he'd be just about anything if it meant he finally get to fucking ejaculate.
I don't just squeeze a dollop of lube into my fingers and call it good. No. I up-end the bottle over my palm until I've created a shimmering pool of slick, and then I drizzle an extra line down the length of Sherlock’s straining erection. Because—what Sherlock is about to learn—is that I like a sopping wet ride. I want to slide down a well greased pole. And I want to hear that filthy squelch every time I bottom out.
John giggles and it maybe the single most melodious sound Sherlock has ever heard. “You can't be serious.”
But the encroaching winter seemed to have sent the criminal classes into hibernation. Now they finally had the time to luxuriate in front of the baking heat of the fire and grind their bodies together until they remembered what it was like to be one.
John was on the edge of giving in, resignation telegraphed in the flutter of his eyelids. He sighed and shifted, wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s back and guided him down to lay his head in John’s lap. It was a bit awkward, the back seat of the cab not really giving Sherlock adequate room to stretch out. But, like any good kitty, Sherlock was adept at making himself fit into small spaces.
The kneading stops, and the tips of his fingers drag up to the pebbled areola and pluck delicately at my nipple. Again and again, he trails his fingertips up, sometimes circling, sometimes pinching, sometimes twisting. There’s no pattern to the touch and the anticipation of the next sensation is driving me wild.
John’s pulls his fingers from his mouth, a lazy smile curling his lips. “You gonna fuck me in the bathroom?”
Sherlock stood at the side of the bed, ignoring the ache of his bladder in favor of listening to John—the padding of his bare feet across the worn wooden floorboards, the creak of the side table drawer opening and closing, the whisper of his robe as it slid to the floor, the squeak of a mattress well past its prime.
He’s drinking from me like a man lost in the desert and I'm an oasis. He makes soft suckling sounds that are wonderfully lewd in combination with the chorus of our moans. I card my fingers through his short silver-blond hair and he lifts his gaze to meet mine. The look we share says
“Mmmm. Yeah. Just like that. God, I love your thick cock—” A woman walks behind me, her shopping bag bumping up against the back of my chair. I hold my breath and wait for her to pass. One more heartbeat, then I continue. “Love it when you shove it down my throat 'til I can't breath. Love it when you're thrusting it deep in my arse.”
"Just a few seconds, then stop. You can do it." John's voice was soft and smooth, a dark and enticing treacle. "Show me how much control you have."
The sudden breach—two slender fingers pressing in, stretching—makes me cry out in surprise. He pauses, gives me just a second to adjust, then slides out. And,
Sherlock clutched at the sheets as waves of sensation began to radiate out: a throbbing ache deep inside, a flutter in his bladder, and a tingle at the tip of his weeping cock. He wanted to reach under his stomach and pull himself off—it wouldn't take much—but John had been very explicit.
John’s hand was a warm caress at the small of his back, anchoring Sherlock to the here and now as he was guided up the stairs. The bedroom, often drafty and having gone a bit stale from a lack of use in the last few years, was surprisingly inviting. The bedside lamps bathed the room in soft yellow light, making the towels that covered the duvet and lined the floor look like clouds at sunset—thick and fluffy and drenched in gold. Sherlock counted six chunky candles placed around the room, each giving off a flicker of light and the soothing scent of vanilla, honey, and lavender.
John didn't know what it was like—how it felt to bitten, to be fed upon. He was, for want of a better word, virginal. Sherlock felt a prickle under his skin, a base desire flaring to life. “Then I won't be enthralling you tonight.”
With one hand placed on his chest for balance, I lift myself up to hover over his cock. He hisses when I reach down, giving him a rough stroke and gripping him hard by the base. I hold him steady, positioned to impale.
Sherlock slides his hands up John’s thighs, his hips. He slips them under John’s jumper and feels the heat of his skin. His fingers trace this newfound landscape—up the angle of John's waist, over his ribs and down his back. He desperately wants to see what he’s touching, but doesn’t want to pull away long enough to remove John’s jumper. John shivers, smiles, and seems to read Sherlock's mind as he grabs the hem and pulls the shirt over his head.
"I've got us all set up, upstairs." To the uninitiated, John would have sounded perfectly placid. But Sherlock could hear the clear undertone of intent.
Sherlock nods. John’s more than fit. He's a specimen. What he lacks in height he more than makes up for in broad shoulders and narrow hips. From here the view is nothing short of spectacular. Under his jumper is a hint of muscle, defined like ley lines that draw attention down to the bounty of his arse and thighs.
It was a sloppy thing—eager tongues and pliant lips and gently scraping teeth. It was moans passed back and forth with increasing urgency. It was too good to stop.
John was, in Sherlock’s opinion, being a bit dramatic. The collar wasn't blatantly obvious. And Lord knows, this lot would be hard pressed to find a puddle in a rain storm. But still. The threat was there.
So, he didn’t remember John. He wasn’t surprised, but it still hurt. John’s eyes flicked around desperately. “I-I was just leaving, actually,” John said, pointing upwards and shrugging, trying to appear casual.
A hand slid up his chest, then fished under and pulled out the collar. Instantly, Sherlock stilled and his scent turned dark and dangerous.
She cackled madly, then stopped abruptly as an awful bone-cracking noise echoed. “W-what?” she stammered, stumbling backwards and John wished desperately that he could see what was going on.
He tilted his head back to look up at Sherlock, and saw the Alpha’s pupils dilate as he breathed in deeply. Sherlock seemed frozen, lost in his own head, only coming out of it when John flinched and pressed closer against him as the door downstairs closed.
John clapped softly, as did several other admiring Omegas, all of them looking at Sherlock with admiring eyes. Sherlock ignored them as he stood and shook hands with his opposition, who stormed off quickly. Sherlock was instantly flocked by Omegas, battering their eyes and giggling as they tried to get Sherlock’s attention.
Sherlock was frozen for a moment, and then slowly returned the kiss. Gently, Sherlock wrapped his wings around John once more, and cupped John’s face with his hands. John’s eyes stayed open, gazing up into Sherlock’s, desperately trying to re-memorise them.
“What are you doing here?” Mr Holmes demanded, authority in his voice as he straightened to his full height, glaring at John.
Sherlock’s shock was clear, and he grumbled for a few moments before sighing dramatically and agreeing, “Fine. You can help on the case. Now, get back over here!”
They played chase for the rest of the day, before returning back to the den with the rabbit, which they ate that night, then curled up in bed together contentedly.
Sherlock ruffled his wings powerfully, and straightened, turning and glaring fiercely at John. Oh, goodness. He had gotten even more handsome since he had seen him last. He was still pale, and his eyes were the same blue-silver colour as they had always been, but now they were more cold, like there was a wall there, separating his emotions from everything else. He was wearing a suit, a white dress shirt with a black jacket and black slacks and they looked damn
John decided to not elaborate further in case he said something that they hadn’t suspected as of yet. Lestrade looked shocked and weary, and most of the guards seemed uncomfortable.
John watched disinterestedly as another boy – this one a teen with auburn hair and wings, and John wasn’t sure if he was a Dom or Sub – and two adults got out of the car and slowly made their way out of sight as they entered the house.
“Yes, yes, alright,” John chuckled, and stripped quickly, placing his clothes in the washing basket.
“Afghanistan, or Iraq?” Sherlock murmured the question, not looking up. His real question was obvious to John – to which country had he abandoned Sherlock for?
John hummed, pleased, and snuggled backwards into Sherlock. Sherlock pressed a kiss to the back of John’s neck, and tenderly tucked John’s limp member back into his pants and curled his arms around John’s waist once more as John slipped back into sleep.
“But I want more!” John protested sulkily, and then fell silent as Sherlock’s grip on his hand tightened in warning, and he averted his gaze.
“I’m here. Now where’s John?” Sherlock voice’s resounded, sounding like it was coming from a separate room.
Sherlock turned away case after case to stay with John, as John’s belly was now so big that it was fairly obvious that he was pregnant. They basically locked themselves in the flat, except for Sherlock’s trips to and from the shops to get things for John.
One day, Sherlock hadn’t returned home and the moon was rising, so John went down stairs and whined at the door until the lady (Mrs Hudson, as he’d heard her being referred to as), opened it up for him. John slipped out, his fur spiking uncomfortably. This was the first time he’d been out of the den without Sherlock, and he wasn’t quite sure how Sherlock would react, but he was worried about his Alpha and needed to see him.
“I don’t think it’ll be that hard,” she chuckled, “You make one wrong move, and John here dies. And if he doesn’t obey, you die. Easy!”
Sherlock said nothing, but the look that he graced John with was full of scorn, and a hint of something else John couldn’t decipher. Sherlock’s long fingers clenched in the back of John’s jumper for a long moment, then released as Sherlock swept in front of him and knelt down in front of the body and started explaining his deductions.
John received a growl in return, and then he found himself on his back, a long-fingered hand pressing firmly on his throat, and another hand on his vulnerable belly. John was shocked. He’d never exposed his belly to anyone, not even the Alpha that he’d grown up with. John snarled in outrage a moment later, struggling to land any kind of injury on this human, but the hands held him down firmly, and when he tried to cover his exposed genitals with his tail, he received a snarl of warning before the hand on his belly gripped his genitals firmly. John stilled instantly, hardly breathing as the human leant down and sniffed at him. He was sniffed on the throat, behind his ears, along his belly, at his genitals, and finally at his tail. The human took his time too, before sitting back slightly, smelling pleased and approving, his hand sliding to rest on John’s belly once more.
Sherlock pulled away—still close enough to feel John’s heat, but no leaning into him. He cocked his head in consideration. “Are you typically enthralled by your clients?”
I look down to confirm what I already know—milk is pearling up from my nipple, still trapped between John’s finger and thumb. I watch as a drop slides down the swell of my breast. Then another.
John’s body rolled, undulating from head to toe. His feet caught on the bedding as he pushed himself up into Sherlock’s mouth. “Yeah,” he panted, tossing his head against the pillow. “More.”
He laid down next to John, pressed into his side, and began to trace his fingertips across John's skin. He didn't always indulge like this. In fact, most of his meals were taken with brisk detachment. But John smiled at him, talked with him. And,
John sighed and canted his hips. He had his bottom lip trapped between his teeth and a look of desperation clouding his indigo eyes as he looked down at Sherlock.
I'm suddenly, acutely aware of the people all around us. The students ordering triples and quads, desperate to stay awake through the afternoon slump; the woman two tables over, scrolling through her phone; the couple behind me on their first date. Any of them could turn their heads and see John, see what I’m about to make him do.
Pleasure pulsed through him like lava, molten hot and sluggish. Devastating. Unstoppable. He cried out, an aching moan of bliss.
He repeated the incident with Lestrade. The look of bewilderment on his face, the confused accusation in his tone. Though Sherlock had buried the flash of mortification, it lingered—a constant presence just under the surface of brilliant deductions and hauteur.
“Enough,” the human spoke, voice sharp with command, “You couldn’t do anything to me, not in the state you’re in, so shut up.”
John sighed, frustrated. He knew Sherlock was worried, and his possessive nature made this even harder. “You don’t want me in danger, and I don’t want you in danger. If you stay here, I know you’ll be safe. Besides, I’m a doctor, if anything happens to me, at least I’ll be in a hospital,” John said with a slight smile, trying to lighten the mood a bit.
. The tone was accusatory, and John huffed, sitting up and sliding out of bed. If Sherlock wasn’t going to let go, John was just going to keep getting ready anyway.
For a while he lay there, panting and sweating, before he finally stood on two shaky feet. He walked through the trees, stumbling occasionally as he tried to get used to his centre of balance being different, until he stumbled across some of the material that most humans seemed to wear. It was hung up on some kind of thread attached to a metal pole in the ground, and John was quick to steal the material and flee. He struggled for quite a bit to get everything on, but finally he seemed to look just like a normal human. He knew he would be stuck like this until the moon rose the next day, and he wanted to go and checked on Sherlock to make sure his Alpha was okay. The collar he had been giving was hanging loosely around his neck, somehow getting tucked under the material he was wearing, and it was a bit odd for it to not be snug around his neck. But it was better than not having it on at all. John loved his collar.
Sherlock started to pace. “It makes sense now!” he was muttering to himself. “Why you were distant,” he said, directing his words at John now, but not looking up from where his gaze was focussed on the two feathers. “Why you spent less time with me. Why you kept your wings folded unless it was absolutely necessary. Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” Sherlock suddenly rounded on him, looming above him.
John looked around curiously. It was much larger than Sherlock’s (now old) room, with plenty of space and one large queen bed instead of the single Sherlock had.
Even though John hadn’t been able to go to the army, it still touched him that Sherlock had remember that he’d wanted to. Well, John had technically never told Sherlock that he’d wanted to go into the army, as Sherlock had deduced it from their first meeting when Sherlock was fever-hazed and injured. Unable to help it, he felt tears well in his eyes at the sweetness of the gesture and how much thought Sherlock had put into each and every one of the gifts he’d sent John.
Sherlock’s voice was both gentle and firm, relieving John of the doubts that had been resting at the back of his mind unnoticed, and it took him a moment to realise what it was that Sherlock had said last. “Your parents,” John started, frowning slightly, but was quickly cut off by Sherlock.
Curious about the mental link Sherlock had talked about earlier, John awkwardly tried probing for Sherlock’s mind. After a few moments, he shifted into the energy world.  A gold thread was linking himself and Sherlock, from his heart to Sherlock’s. He could see the pure colours of blue and yellow and bright green and the pink tinge of love surrounding Sherlock, and he smiled.
John snorted, but he was smiling, flattered by Sherlock’s compliment. “You big softie,” John teased, tilting his head back and kissing Sherlock.
Eventually his fingers slacken, card through my hair in apology and praise. I let his softening prick slip from my lips, trailing a string of saliva as it drops. Looking up at him, I make a show of licking my lips—cleaning every warm smear of spit and come.
“Contrary to your belief, we are professionals,” Lestrade answered, turning away from a young constable. The CP took one look at Sherlock and scurried off, throwing a second look over his shoulder along the way.
John scoots up Sherlock’s torso, stops when his knees are nearly in Sherlock’s armpits. He's so close, Sherlock can feel the heat rolling off of him, smell the musk of John’s arousal. And still, Sherlock wants more.
John’s fingers sank into his curls, blunt nails scratching at his scalp. “You know this doesn't mean you're not still in trouble.”
John’s fingers find the hem of his shorts and, slowly, he tugs them up. It’s an unbearable tease as more and more of that strong thigh is revealed. Pale skin, rarely touched by the sun. Hair so fine and fair that it can’t be seen from this distance.
John examined the corpse closer, a frown of concentration bracketing his mouth. “But. . . the other victims were all strangled manually and these are obviously ligature marks.”
I hear him hum in appreciation—feel the rumble of it under my skin. The smear of his mouth over the curve of my arse is only warning I get before the flat of his tongue lapping against my hole. Pure fucking bliss. I dig my fingers into the sheets and cant my hips even higher.
His voice was a bit too loud and just shy of a nervous ramble. Sherlock shifted again and smirked when another clear chime prompted John to continue. “Though I'm not sure who’d want to kill him. Doesn't look like they'd have much to gain. The nicest thing in this place is the fish tank, and even that's empty.”
Fist flying over the head of John’s cock, Sherlock could feel his own climax building, throbbing deep in his balls in time with each of John's soft grunts.
When John scoots his chair closer to scribble his corrections on Sherlock’s paper, Sherlock lets his knee fall wide. It brushes it against John's, the contact sending a thrill through him. John doesn't back away.
He helps me out of the bed and into the tub, where he runs bathwater cooler than I prefer but as warm as is recommended for my state. He washes me with a thickly lathering soap that fills the bathroom with the scent of lavender, and dips me back to wet, then rinse, my hair.
John shuddered. He had a weakness for Sherlock's more domineering side, and a fondness for crude language—facts that Sherlock didn't mind taking advantage of, given the right circumstances. And these were absolutely the right circumstances.
"John!" Sherlock shouted. An exclamation and a warning all at once. It was too much. Too full. Too perfect. He whined, clenched down right on his unraveling control.
John’s pinching has gotten a bit rougher and it sends shivery sparks of pleasure down my spine. There's a tingling sensation in my tits and I feel lightheaded. I gasp and the wave of vertigo passes, but there's a heaviness in my breasts that wasn't there a moment ago.
Sherlock feels a flush steal across his cheeks and ducks his head. John watches him through lowered lashes. It looks like adoration and makes Sherlock’s want to squirm.
Even now, I can feel his hard length nudging between my cheeks and I push back, encouraging a gentle rocking. I can't say for sure where this is going, but the morning light is soft and grey, and the patter of rain on the window is the perfect accompaniment to a lazy day in bed.
Sherlock’s right hand begins to drift lower, fingertips blazing a trail down my stomach—following the line of honey-brown hair from just above my navel down to my leaking erection. I settle into the cup of his groin and sigh with relief as he wraps his hand loosely around my cock. Rocking my hips, I curse at the duel sensation of much needed friction and the stirring of his cock deep inside me. The lax channel of his fist isn’t enough to get me off, but it drives me wild all the same.
He wasn't accustomed to admitting he didn't know something, let alone asking for help, but he had no room for pride in his endeavor. He peered up from between John’s legs. “What do I do?”
“I uh. . .” Lestrade plucked the fish delicately from Sherlock’s fingers, though his eyes remained fixed on the base of Sherlock’s throat.
He dipped down, nose running the same path his thumbs had travelled. “Here,” he said, lips brushing against the sensitive skin. “Here is where I want to feed.”
I slide back in the tub and let my eyes slip closed under his soothing touch. “My thoughts exactly.”
John smoothed his other hand over Sherlock’s arse—palmed that luscious curve—then, mindful of his rhythm, lowered his face once more. He laved his tongue over and around Sherlock’s hole, flicked and licked. Sherlock cried out at the touch, pushing back harder and bearing down to offer up his greedy hole to John’s probing tongue.
“Don't play with your food, Sherlock,” he chided, his tone the tedious drawl of exasperation at correcting his little brother's social foibles.
He could feel his climax, sizzling under his skin, searing through his veins. It coalesced, grew dense, gathered intensity. Then, like a supernova, exploded.
He puts down his magazine and swivels in his seat. Plants his feet on the floor. “Care to elaborate?”
"And I'm sure it won't be the last." Sherlock sighed, milking the moment for maximum melodrama. "No. This is just one of those. . .” Sherlock fished about for a suitably innocuous phrase, “relationship quirks. Nothing to worry about."
“After ‘fuck off, dickhead’? I'd say it's an insult to sex workers. Christ knows they put in a lot more effort than I do.”
He grips my phone firmly in one hand and brushes the curls back from my forehead with the other. His hips are trembling, little quakes that bump his cock against my tongue as I flick and circle at the very tip.
They fall back to the mattress, John’s weight pressing Sherlock down. There’s no rhythm, just writhing, as they kiss and grope. Sherlock runs his hands up John’s back, curls his fingers over John’s shoulders and holds on, anchoring himself against the growing tide of passion.
After a long minute, he pulls back and scoots down just enough to lay his ear over the still-hammering tattoo of my heart. I lift my hand to his head, thread my fingers through his damp curls.
Sherlock ran his other palm over the front of his trousers, needing pressure against his own rock hard prick. His mouth fell open, a weak, choked off sound escaping from his throat. He stroked and squeezed them both in time, until John was thrusting up into his fist and his own rutting had him teetering on the edge.
I reach back with both hands, curl my fingers around my arse cheeks and pull them wide. “C’mon,” I growl, taunting.
I press into him, reach down and cup him through his shorts. He groans extravagantly and pulls his hand back just enough to catch the waistband. I help him tug his shorts down his hips, let the stretch of elastic press his cock down and down and down, until it springs up, throbbing crimson and wet at the tip.
“That’s not—those aren't public spaces, Sherlock,” John said with a huff, and Sherlock knew he’d scored a point, even on a technicality.
“Why don't you give yourself a few strokes?” I suggest, zooming in the video a bit. “Get your prick nice and fat.”
The state of the flat caught him by surprise. No rearranged furniture, no plastic sheets. No sign of John. Sherlock checked the kitchen, loo, bedroom. Everything was as it should be, meaning nothing was as he’d expected.
As a couple, they were by no means sexually restrained. They explored each other’s fantasies just as readily as their bodies. Learning each other’s limits, uncovering each other’s secrets, and relishing in everything they shared. In that regard, today was nothing new. But as John’s fingers clawed at the chair, as his face and neck and chest flushed with the intensity of his orgasm, Sherlock felt confident today was truly special. It was there in John’s whimpers, the tremors in his thighs, the way he pushed feebly at Sherlock's head once he’d grown too sensitive.
I grab his hands and pull them up, slide his palms over my shuddering core, and bring them to rest on my chest. I guide his fingers to pinch at my nipples.
“Can I suck you?” Sherlock asked, more a plea than a request. “When you come, can I wrap my lips around your cock and have you come down my throat?”
Sherlock's eyes move around the room, taking in the pile of clothes in the corner, the desk covered in textbooks. The bed is directly behind him and he isn't quite sure what to do with that information. Sit perhaps?
John chuckled. “It shouldn't surprise me that the autoerotic asphyxiation wasn’t the most interesting part of that case to you.”
Sherlock slid his hands into his pockets and peered around Lestrade’s shoulder. Between the bustle of officers, he caught a glimpse of two bodies sat next to each other, backs to the brick wall and legs out straight. “What’ve you got?”
When he finished chasing the tease of his own hand on his prick, Sherlock reached for John—sliding John's warm palms around his hips, and planting them on the curve of his arse.
John fisted the duvet. He wanted this. If the thick bulge distending his briefs wasn’t evidence enough, the rough gravel of his voice gave it away as he growled, “Oh God, yes.”
,” Sherlock parroted, flat and mocking. Little in this world made him happier than being that source of exasperation.
Sherlock groaned with relief, immediately kicking his hips forward to slide his prick through that perfect aperture. He curled his fingers, digging into the mattress for purchase, and raised himself up off his knees. He wouldn't be able to hold the position for long, but then, he wouldn't need to. Desperate and panting, he rutted into John’s fist.
John smiled—a warm, fond look that reminded Sherlock of murmured confessions and tender kisses. He shifted in his seat. “Did you like it?”
Arousal flares deep inside, stiffens my prick and makes me slick. I start to squirm and moan and John sighs against my skin. “I'm gonna come all over you if you keep moving like that.”
“So you boiled it.” Sherlock couldn’t resist drawing this moment out. Pulling it like taffy—teasing and enticing.
Pleasure surges through me and I moan, deep and resonate, as I come—throbbing inside my trousers, spilling into my pants. My body shudders through the aftershocks and I can do little more than hold my aching jaw open for John's pumping cock.
John pulled away and brought his come-covered hand to his own aching prick, stroking himself in a flurry. He’d been so focused on the beauty of Sherlock’s exposed undercarriage—his hanging cock and balls, that delicate seam tracing up the ridge of his perineum, and the delicious furl of his anus—that John had ignored his own need. But now, in the wake of Sherlock’s moaning, trembling climax, John felt it keenly.
Sherlock huffs, derisive and deflecting. It isn't even that clever of a deduction. He's dressed in his second tightest pair of jeans and a silk blend shirt open to his sternum, with hair coiffed into an artful disarray.
Sherlock sat back, to John’s frustrated groan. He dragged his palms along strong, warm muscle—all the way to the knobs of John’s knees—and back. Kneading the muscle, feeling the blood rushing under his hands. With each circuit he pushed John's legs farther and farther apart.
John's hips were still churning beneath him. Pushing deep, and deeper still. The wet squelch of their joined bodies was positively obscene.
You know when an idea sort of gets away from you? Yeah. This is that. Luckily, it got away from me in some of the best ways possible.
John climbed onto the mattress and spread himself out on the black duvet—one hand tucked behind his head, the other resting on his stomach. He looked totally relaxed, like he belonged there.
I'm sitting at my own, low table, about fifteen feet away. From this seat I've an unobstructed view of John—shifting in his chair as his eyes dart around the bustling cafe. I can't help but feel a bit like a child playing Spy, except I'm 21 years old and this little game is anything but child's play.
“You should have warmed it up from the inside,” Sherlock said thoughtfully. “You could have filled the hollowed out cavity with hot water and let it seep into the flesh. Repeated as necessary until it reached the desired temperature.”
The femoral artery called to him. It would be delicious—pumping thick, red ambrosia until it was spilling down his chin. But John would be dead inside five minutes and Sherlock couldn't have that. The moral and judicial complications of murder aside, the idea of killing John appalled him. John was warm and golden—as close to sunlight as Sherlock had experienced in centuries—and he should stay that way.
"Just a moment," Sherlock panted, needing to reign himself in before his control slipped away completely.
John croaked, a moan cut off before given a chance to fully form. Sherlock smirked. He’d always enjoyed a challenge.
Eventually John’s hand had found its way between Sherlock’s legs, stroking his cock and cradling his balls and exploring between his cheeks. When Sherlock had started to squirm—had started to rut against whatever he could find—John had broken out the lube and begun to pet him with much more intent.
Sherlock smiles back and swipes his finger through the streak on his cheek. He's about to bring it to his lips when John intercepts, grabs him by the wrist, and licks him clean. “Not until we're tested.”
John leaned over—close enough that Sherlock could smell the crisp scent of his shampoo, and the warmth of his skin—and whispered. “I used to do something else while wanking.”
With a bone-deep groan, John plastered his face between Sherlock’s cheeks. Licking and kissing and sucking until Sherlock’s hole was sopping wet and loose. He kissed down the ridge of him perineum again, letting his tongue slide into the furrow at either side, then sucked one ball firmly into his mouth. Sherlock stiffened and John felt the tips of fingers in his hair—Sherlock petting him as best as the angle would allow.
A flash of dark curls caught his eye, and John’s head turned quickly, but they were gone. John’s heart pounded, but he rolled his eyes at himself. There were lots of people in the world who had curly hair, he scolded himself, taking another sip of his drink.
He found Sherlock in the middle of the tent, a serious look on his face as he made a move before folding his hands under his chin and smirking at his opponent. By the sign on their table, they were the top two, having already beaten the rest of their opponents.
John tried to raise them again, but it was like they had a mind of their own and refused to listen to him. Looking back to the Dom, he saw that the other boy had turned to face him and was watching him with piercing blue-grey eyes.
Sherlock lifted a hand and tilted John’s head to the side so he could kiss him, giving short, shallow thrusts to get John used to the sensation. Now that Sherlock was fully inside of John, John could feel the satisfaction that oozed from Sherlock’s mind as the possessiveness subsided with the knowledge that John was willingly submitting to him and wanted no one else.
John looked around the familiar room, wings wrapping around himself as he tried not to cry. No matter how strong he tried to be, John was nine and his parents meant the world to him. Sherlock was in his bed, but had rolled over when John entered, eyes sleepy and soft, and reached out for John, pulling up the bedsheets so John could clamber in and into his embrace. The Sub went willingly, crawling across the bed and tucked himself into Sherlock’s body. Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him, as well as the larger set of wings that could only wrap loosely around him, but the second set hugged him close to Sherlock’s body, almost like a second pair of arms. Eyes closing, John sniffled and tucked his head under Sherlock’s chin.
Swinging himself out of bed, glancing distastefully at the cane that he didn’t need for his gun wound but more for the limp that plagued him – PTSD, his therapist (something else he’d been forced to go to and had attended one session before never going back) had said, probably from the gunshot. No, it wasn’t from the wound. He knew that.
“John will stay wherever I want him to. He is loyal to me,” Sherlock said, pride swirling through the air and John’s body relaxed slightly, pleased that his Alpha like him so much.
“Definitely, my dear,” Sherlock assured him, reaching out and gently resting his hand on top of John’s for a moment.
He listened to Sherlock rummage around and get dressed, then listened to his soft footsteps retreating and leaving John alone in their bedroom.
Even John could see that Sherlock was winning, and John smiled warmly, pleased. He’d already known that Sherlock was smart from watching him before, but this was even greater proof.
“JOHN!” Sherlock called out after him, more a wail than anything, and John glanced back just once to see Sherlock with his arms outstretched towards him, and then his parents coming and taking him away and the door closing.
John looked over him, admiring his lean, graceful form. John stroked his hand over Sherlock’s back and listened to the rumbly purring noise that emanated from Sherlock’s chest. Smiling, John closed his eyes and leant back until he was fully stretched out in the tub and his neck was resting on the back of the bath.
John was interested to find that he would be able to join the war. Sherlock had made John a fake identity years ago. When Sherlock found out a month later, he’d quietly taken the things John had collected, calmly burnt them in the fireplace and ordered John out. John had shrunk back in the face of the calmness in Sherlock’s demeanour and the fierceness in his eyes and tried to explain, but Sherlock hadn’t wanted to listen. He collected all of John’s things, stuffed them into a duffel bag and threw them out the door and then turned back to John and pointed out the door silently.
“Alright, good. I’ll change some of these bandages. Whilst I do, tell me something about yourself,” John said, meeting Sherlock’s gaze with a smile as he reached into his medical bag and produced a roll of bandages.
“A flat in the centre of London. It’s not too far. Will you come home with me, John?” Sherlock sounded unconfident, and it was odd and John didn’t like it.
“John,” Sherlock sighed in frustration, and John peeked up at him, “After dinner, we will be spending our time as wolves until bath time. Understood?”
“John! You’re bleeding,” Sherlock stated, reaching into his coat pocket and producing a portable pack of tissues and tugged a few out, holding them to John’s nose and tipping his head down. “What happened?” Sherlock’s voice was sharp with concern.
The next morning, when John woke as his alarm went off, Sherlock had his eyes closed and wasn’t moving. John sighed, and stroked his hand down Sherlock’s back gently. The small spikes were becoming firmer, but no sharper, which was a relief.
Sherlock was frowning in confusion, and he gently took the pencil, gazing at it, before his eyes widened, and John knew he had finally remembered. Sherlock stroked the pencil reverently. “I remember making this,” Sherlock said in a soft whisper, hardly audible.
“It’s not your fault,” Sherlock murmured, his second set of smaller wings flexing slightly and drawing John even closer, and John made a soft noise of questioning, “I could hear them from here. Your sister wouldn’t listen even if you tried to talk to her into not going out partying. There’s nothing you can do, and your parents are wrong to blame you. That is not a good environment for anyone. You should stay here, with me. I’ll care for you, you know I will.”
Later, after the exhilarating chase after a cab and then back to Baker Street, after the drugs bust, when Sherlock had dashed off without John, and Lestrade had given his little speech about Sherlock becoming a good man, John paced the flat.
A subtle flaring of his nostrils confirmed what John had already thought – Sherlock Holmes was an Alpha. Betas couldn’t scent like Alphas and Omegas, and they only knew the difference when they were told.
“We need to have a bath, my precious Omega,” Sherlock told him, running his hands up and down John’s back soothingly.
Sherlock frowned. “What smell?” he questioned, confirming John’s previous suspicion  that the humans couldn’t smell it.
“You are mine John, and now I can claim you in more ways,” Sherlock whispered to him tenderly, stroking his fingers through John’s hair in the way that always made John melt into him.
“WHAT THE FUCK,” the girl screeched, and the gun lifted from John’s neck and started firing in Sherlock’s direction.
“I’ve never seen a flower like this, where did you get it?” Sherlock asked in a low murmur, not moving away as he gazed at John’s face admiringly.
Sherlock hummed, sitting upright so John could change the bandage on his chest. “I was born in the country side of London, spent most of my time there before moving into the city and became a consulting detective. My favourite colour is red,” Sherlock said, then smirked at John, causing him to flush as he remembered the panties Sherlock had bought for him.
John had never lied to Sherlock before, and whilst he didn’t want to keep this from Sherlock, first he had to do some research and find out how this was possible, and he wasn’t sure what Sherlock’s reaction would be. After all, human males couldn’t get pregnant.
John gave a happy giggle and grasped Sherlock’s hands, wrapping them around his belly. He knew he had quite possible become pregnant from his heat, and he relished that, and then became sombre a moment later. Sherlock was a wanted man. A wanted man who’d escaped jail.
His voice rolled over Sherlock like a velvet blanket, cocooning him in warmth. Sherlock nuzzled closer, ran his lips up the column of John's neck. "It was," he whispered into John's throbbing pulse. "Thank you."
“Yes, John,” Sherlock taunted. “Help the detective inspector see why this isn’t one of his victims.”
As the session winds down John taps his papers on the table, fiddles with his pencil, clears his throat. “So. . .”
John withdrew his fingers and gave Sherlock's arse a sound spank. “Good kitties don't speak. They can whimper and grunt and groan, but they cannot speak.”
John looked utterly unrepentant. “When was the last time you saw Mrs. Hudson crochet so much as a scarf? I think she just uses her yarn basket to hide her other stash of herbal soothers.”
“Not just name. Name, symbol, atomic number, and mass number. He finally told me to leave once I reached radon.”
Like how he wants to feel the slide of my lips down his shaft—wants to see them stretched around him. And how he’s desperate to twist my hair in his fingers and fuck my face. And that he’d love to paint my cheeks and chin with his come, but what’s left of his sense of public decency won’t allow it.
As the afterglow began to fade, Sherlock rolled to the side, careful to stay clear of the damp spots. He ran a clean towel across John's chest and stomach, down to his pelvis and over his hips. He did the same for himself, running the towel between his legs and up the cleft if his arse. This would do for now, until they had the strength to leave the bed and clean themselves up properly.
John threw an arm over the back of the couch and smoothed one hand over Sherlock’s knee. He leaned in. “Who said anything about tea?”
John left to do the shopping and apparently decided to pick up milk and beans by way of Edinburgh rather than the Asda around the corner. So Sherlock had been left at home alone. He'd been left to his own devices and he was bored. Well, not bored per se. Irritated. All right, not so much irritated as amorous. He'd been alone and on just this side of gagging for it.
I look up from my phone—and the tantalizing image of John’s jersey-clad crotch—to find him watching me. He looks downright cherubic with his tousled blond hair, glowing pink cheeks, and wide blue eyes. It makes the next words I say sound even filthier.
“That’s it.” John smoothed his hand over the plush curve of Sherlock’s rump and down the slope of his back. “Just like that.”
I swivel my hips—feel the tip slip around my rim, tease at my hole. Again and again, pressing down a bit harder with each pass, letting the head slip a little deeper, a little deeper. Finally, I settle my weight—letting gravity and my own grasping, hungry hole take over.
Sherlock looks over at John, utterly confused.“Who’d want me for a boyfriend?” John lifts an eyebrow and Sherlock blinks. “Oh.”
Keeping his strokes long and languorous, Sherlock cups John’s bollocks with his free hand. He rolls them in his fingers, presses them up, and pulls them down. They’re heavy and tight—filled to bursting.
The lighting is warm and inviting, the décor a tasteful art deco—replete with mirrors and generous swaths of black and gold. There's a baby grand piano in the corner and the woman at the keys is crooning something soft and sensuous.
“Jesus,” I drawl as his hips churn under me, cock carving up and into my body. “Sherlock. . . fuck. That’s lovely.”
Sherlock shifted restlessly in the seat and stared out at the passing cityscape—the drab grey sky and gleaming wet pavement of early spring. It was just about this time last year when they began to play. After a slightly tipsy John had tickled Sherlock relentlessly, until they’d both fallen off the couch in a fit of laughter and Sherlock had leapt up from the floor in a mad panic at the incipient trickle of urine. John had followed him to the loo, had tsked as he watched Sherlock use the toilet. That’s when John had told him he wouldn’t have minded, if Sherlock had pissed himself. Would have been a bit sexy, actually, to watch Sherlock lose control. Maybe the scotch had loosened John’s tongue, but the admission was out there now and there was no taking it back. And so, after a week of halting conversations—questions, clarifications, and negotiations, John uttered the words
I lean forward and splay both hands over his chest. There’s something wonderfully proprietary about placing my palms on his body—right over the steady thump of his heart—and having him bear my weight. This is me staking my claim.
He ignores me in favor of shifting closer and rolling the dripping nub, slow and gentle. More milk dribbles out, not enough to qualify as a squirt, but certainly more than before.
Sherlock ducked his head again, running his lips against the thud of John’s pulse. “People do little else.”
Sprawled out and indolent, Sherlock held his phone out. Head tilted down and bottom lip caught between teeth, he snapped picture after picture—sending John a series of increasingly lewd poses.
Sherlock nods, tilts his hips in a silent appeal for more. The teasing touch is like a whetstone on a blade, taking the blunt edge of pleasure and sharpening it—making it sing and spark. And still it's not enough.
John speared him, dipping and curling his tongue into the silken heat. He worked his mouth around the rim, eating at Sherlock’s hole—savoring his sharp musk. It was exquisitely messy work. Perfect.
“No.” Sherlock straightened and cast his gaze around the room. “Which begs the question. What was in here and where is it now?”
He lapped at John’s skin, licking away the smeared evidence of his earlier feasting. Kisses followed, soft and chaste. And when sealed his lips over the wounds once more, he suckled with care. As the minutes ticked by delicacy gave way to ardor, and soon Sherlock’s pulls grew stronger.
Sherlock took a deep breath, cleared the bramble of thoughts and images cluttering his mind, and let his deductions fly. The man on the floor huffed and wriggled in his cuffs as Sherlock highlighted his motive: jealousy over a denied promotion; means: the illegal balisong knife found with the body; and opportunity: the sparsely lit car park around the corner from the victim’s 24-hour gym.
“You almost got it,” John says. His voice is low in the oppressive hush of the library. “Do you see where you went wrong?”
Sherlock leaves her sputtering at the door and saunters across the room, his eyes locked in John. One of the people at John’s table must notice his trajectory, because they perk up and point. When John turns around, everything seems to slow down.
Sherlock unwrapped his scarf as he looked around the shabby apartment. Thatcher-era furniture, little in the way of decoration, and a kitchen that seemed more suggestive than functional. The bleakness of it all made the high end saltwater aquarium on the far wall glow like a beacon. Curious.
Sherlock had always thought John had a beautiful prick—long and thick, straight save for the gentle upward curve that never failed to hit his prostate when they fucked face-to-face. But it looked absolutely spectacular at this moment: the entire length blushed a deep red, nearly purple at the tip where lube and precome covered the head in a shiny, slippery mess. And all the while glinting metal filled and stretched him.
“I've learned to never expect anything with you.” John said, the fingers on Sherlock’s leg beginning to circle and climb.
He’s fully hard now—a fucking lead pipe running down his thigh—and not for the first time, do I consider just how lucky I am.
I feel a bit bad now. Maybe I was a bit too flippant. I quirk my mouth into that soft, lopsided smile that he doesn't know that I know that he loves. “Well, it's a bit hard to discuss dynamics when you've already got your arse in the air and the duvet in your teeth.”
John laughs. “Of course I knew. You may be a genius but you're not all that clever sometimes. I could see right through you.”
“Fine,” I agree. It honestly isn’t much of a hardship, considering how my pants are sticking to my groin right now. “There’s always tomorrow.”
“I, uh. . .” Sherlock doesn't know what to say. He's only been in this kind of situation a handful of times, he isn't sure what he's supposed to do. He wants to close the distance, press their mouths together. Taste John. But that seems a bit presumptuous. He's a guest after all. Maybe it would be better to wait for John to—
"All right," Sherlock said, an edge of impatience cutting through his calm facade. He took a step toward the stairs, only to be stopped with a gentle hand on his arm.
Sherlock rocked up again—seeking friction—but John angled his body away, denying any contact to his straining cock. And just when a whine began to crack in Sherlock’s throat, John curled his fist over the rock hard length. Sherlock released a gust of breath and tilted his head up for another kiss.
Sherlock nodded. The ache of his bladder dulled only by the steady thrum of arousal that had been pulsing through him for the last hour.
John’s other hand came up to card through Sherlock’s curls, pushing the fringe from his forehead. It was a tenderness Sherlock hadn’t experienced since he’d last felt sunlight on his face. He let his eyes drift shut and leaned into it.
“It helps to pay for books and lab fees.” Sherlock pulled back, looking for a glint of humor in John’s eyes. He frowned when he found none. John shrugged. “As a paycheck goes, it's not bad. It’s not like it's hard work. But, ya know. People talk.”
Lestrade heaved a sigh, annoyance and exhaustion expelled in one breath. “Of course it's interesting to you, it's the fourth victim of a serial killer. Frankly I’m surprised you didn't pirouette as soon as you set eyes on the body.”
John doesn’t wait for Sherlock to get to the table, he grabs his pint and meets him in the middle of the room. “Fancy meeting you here.”
Higher and higher, the fabric creeps. And there. The first glimpse of a blush. Glossy scarlet at the head, then fading to a petal-pink along the shaft. He’s well over halfway out, throbbing in the open air.
John held up an arm, pulled the sleeve of his t-shirt up, and displayed his biceps. Sherlock’s eyes were drawn to the firm, round belly of the muscle and the hint of blue ribbons that ran just under the skin.
Sherlock scoffed, though more out of reflex than actual offense—for once Lestrade wasn't being hyperbolic.
For a moment, Sherlock considered slowing down and teasing John until he could see tears glisten in his eyes. But no. Not this time. Today was about exploration and trust, not testing boundaries.
, and brought it to his lips. John beamed with pride as Sherlock took slow and steady gulps until the glass was drained.
“Hair accessories don't ascribe to any particular gender,” Sherlock snapped, a touch offended. “And no. It holds the hair out of my eyes while I'm working.”
I’ve got half his shirt buttons undone and he’s managed to push my jumper up to my armpits and open my belt, when laughter finally overtakes us.
It was the work of less than a minute before the throb of pleasure brought him to the precipice—teetering, breathless.
“Better than I ever managed.” John’s hand abandoned its journey up Sherlock’s leg, moving instead to his chest. With a thumb strafing over his nipple, it was difficult for Sherlock to concentrate on John’s words. “Anything else? Ever try to fuck a cucumber or, I dunno, a carrot?”
He’s leaking now. I can feel hot precome drizzling down the crease where groin meets thigh. My own prick flexes and for a split second the crests of our cocks catch against one another, rubbing like slick velvet.
With a shudder, Sherlock broke off. He watched as blood oozed like treacle from the twin punctures, enraptured by the carnality of it. And when he licked his lips, the taste of copper bloomed fresh against his tongue. He felt the swell of power that always accompanied a feeding. It pumped through him, reminding him of what he was—an apex predator, immortal, and untouchable. To a human, he may as well have been a god.
“I was in the middle of an experiment when you texted,” Sherlock answered, relieved by the confidence in his tone.
John extended two fingers and slipped them against the ridge of Sherlock’s perineum. He pressed deep and felt a trickle of precome against the back of his throat.
“A bit,” Irene scoffs. She turns to face the room, her dangerously high heels bringing her nearly shoulder-to-shoulder with Sherlock. “Who’s the lucky fella?”
He rolls over, presses against me. We’re both hot, skin tacky with the remnants of exuberant sex. I don’t care. He kisses the sweat from my hairline and I pull him down to taste the salt on his lips.
When John cups his tongue against my hard nipple and takes a long, slow pull, I moan a low and utterly indecent
John’s so wet that Sherlock doesn’t need to worry about lubrication. He can just pump and twist and wring moan after moan from John’s throat. As he strokes, slow and considerate, he observes the glide of foreskin—rolling up to cover the head, then sliding back to reveal a gently flared crown. Over and over again. It's mesmerizing.
. I try to give these fractured thoughts voice, but sound that comes out of my mouth instead is primal. It starts deep in my gut, clenches in my chest, and punches out in a deep groan. I throw my head back and clench my eyes shut. The only coherent sound I can manage is a grunted out, “Fuck. . .!”
I’m ecstatic, is what I am. Coming in thick, powerful arcs. Bliss washes over me—a rushing tidal wave at first, then in slow, syrupy laps. My limbs are tingling, my breath shudders, my throat is dry from shouting.
“A sloppy execution, no pun intended. Even if forensics doesn’t find any fingerprints, you’ll likely still find his blood on the weapon, judging from the cuts along his forearm and hand. He couldn't even handle the knife properly. This was amateur at best, Lestrade. Frankly, I don’t know why you asked me to consult.”
He groans, a gluttonous sound of agreement, and buries his face deeper—shakes his head from side to side. The wonderfully sloppy slide of his tongue in and out of my hole and around my rim is unbelievable. Unrestrained. Unrelenting.
Sherlock chances a look down, sees his prick moving in John’s firm grip. The crown, blushing red and glossy, disappears, reappears—over and over as John twists his hand and pumps.
He nuzzles in closer, his fingers trailing back down over my stomach. He traces patterns against my skin and I shiver with a delicious tendril of arousal. Even now, well into my third trimester, John continues to be aroused by me—by my rotund and increasingly traitorous body. His libido has never wavered and, in fact, I think his appetites have increased in the last few weeks. Since the baby started kicking. He can't seem to take his hands off of me.
I tilt my head from one side to the other, considering. “You are a few standard deviations above the average, even flaccid. Could you imagine walking around hard? The way those shorts would mold around you? It'd look like you were smuggling a billie club.”
In the stack of milk crates that served as a bookcase, he found his answer. “A lionfish...” Oh. “Oh!”
Sherlock smirked. “You already know about the prostate massager and spanking, and now the autoerotic asphyxiation. What else do you expect?”
He spears into me, hot and wet—stretching my rim around the point of his tongue and curling deep. And,
John didn't flinch. He noticed—of course he noticed—but he didn't flinch. “Does that mean you're also gonna turn out to be an insufferable prat?”
Special shout out to everybody who has commented, left kudos, or sent me a message! You have rekindled my love for writing fic and I can't thank you enough.
John's hips thrust up, pushing his cock deeper—pulsing over Sherlock's tongue, spilling down his throat. Sherlock sucked it down, swallowed every last drop like a gift, a panacea.
John's warm hands slid around to Sherlock's arse, pulled him forward—the callouses of his fingers encouraging Sherlock's to fuck his face. Wide-eyed and panting, Sherlock curled over John, pumped his hips in a liquid-smooth roll.
“There. There,” I pant. As if the way I’m moaning and dripping precome all over the duvet isn’t obvious enough. “Christ, that’s perfect.”
“A little over a year.” John said on an exhale. “I'm on a fifty-six day interval, so this is only my seventh job.”
Lestrade frowned. “I didn’t ask. You begged. No cases in a month, you said. Anything I’ve got on, you said.”
Sherlock keened, a high, needy sound. He wrapped his hand around his prick, began to stroke. "I. . ." He tried again. "I pissed on you. I'm so sorry. I couldn't help myself. I can't control myself when I've got your cock in me. Pounding into me. Ah! John!"
His fingers press into my skin, bruisingly tight, and he pulls me down at the same time he shoves up. So deep.
He slips off his seat and does his best to adjust his shorts, but there’s no way he can hide the plump line of his cock distending the fabric. His gait is slower than normal, his legs slightly wider to accommodate his thickness. Each step jostles him, causes the bulge in his shorts to bounce and sway. It’s absolutely mouthwatering.
John's grip on his hips tightened, held him down even as he lifted his hips, burying himself to the hilt. "That's it. That's it, Sherlock. Fuck you're so good. Let go. C'mon. Let go."
His mouth presses and slides around my hole—a deep, luxurious kiss. Humid breath and tender lips. Gentle suckling at my rim. Absolutely filthy.
Sherlock shivered and spread his legs wider, inviting John to continue his exploration. With the fingers in his hair, scratching against his scalp, and the hand slowly working its way up his thigh, he felt like a well-stroked cat—indolent and adored. He closed his eyes and hummed. “Hmm. . . I’ve attempted to fellate myself.”
His warm hands slide up my sides, coming to rest on my hips. There’s the slightest tug at my arse cheeks as he shifts his weight. I wink my tight hole, eager for attention.
“Take the lube,” John said, grabbing the tube from the side table. “And coat the rod, then smear it into the slit. Get everything as wet as fucking possible.”
It wasn’t an empty platitude. Not just a sweet nothing meant to make Sherlock shiver. No. Sherlock was harder—thicker—than John could remember him ever being before. His hand stretched wide around the hot shaft as he pumped and pumped.
John pressed against Sherlock’s frenulum, slipped his tongue over the weeping slit, and rolled it around the plump head—once, twice. He sank his mouth down, letting Sherlock’s girth part his lips and stretch his jaw with every inch. Where he would normally bury his face in the musky tickle of Sherlock’s pubes, tonight his nose barely brushed against the springy dark curls. He moaned—part disappointment, part fascination.
As if to up the ante, Donovan narrowed her eyes in their direction and asked, “What was that sound?”
Mindful of his curls, Sherlock put the headband on and, catching his reflection on the wardrobe mirror, arranged it just so. The pressure of the band against his skull was as enticing as it was soothing. It felt like John's fingers carding through his hair, like gentle scratches against his scalp, like a whispered
He looks at me askance, but doesn't object as I comb back his fringe and lean in to press featherlight kisses along his hairline. I rest my temple against his, brush my lips over the shell of his ear. “But, since we're having the conversation now...” I whisper, thrilled to feel him shiver beneath my touch, “Yes, I do enjoy getting bummed from time to time. And when I do, I prefer to take control.”
Heat and pressure build, until I’m ready to explode, a brimming supernova of pleasure. I slam back down, burying him deep and clawing my way from the precipice. Quite literally, it turns out, as I look down to see the pink furrows I’ve left on Sherlock’s chest. He doesn’t seem to have noticed—he’s got his hands wrapped tight around my hips, pulling me hard onto his cock.
Next came the unmistakable click of a plastic cap and the faintly mentholated scent of John’s preferred lubricant. The sounds that followed made Sherlock’s pulse quicken, flooding him with an arousal that made his knees weak.
“Not much,” Lestrade said. He looked Sherlock up and down, squinted, cleared his throat. “The bodies have, uh. They've been here at least twelve hours. It’s rained since they were placed and, um, most. . .”
Lestrade tucked his notepad into his jacket pocket and waved at one of the nearby constables to haul their assailant away. "I don't suppose I could convince you to come down and give us a statement tonight?"
He swept out of the dining room, up the grand staircase, and down the sparsely lit corridor—complete with ostentatious gilt-framed oil paintings and glowing wall sconces. The sound of footsteps echoed down the hall. With the exception of discrete modernization, the manor was a relic—a time-capsule from the Holmes patriarch that broke ground here centuries ago.
Sherlock, as a rule, has more than a passing interest in his appearance, but getting ready for tonight had proven a rigorous exercise. He doesn't want to admit how nervous he is, but the fact that he changed his shirt twice and debated between three pairs of socks is pretty damning evidence.
As soon as he begins to soften, I collapse onto my side. My muscles are jelly and my heart is still racing. I’m spent in every possible way.
He raised himself up—sighing at the drag of John's thick cock inside him—then dropped back down. Again, lifting up and sinking back down. His eyes drifted closed as John's prick speared into the hot clutch of his body.
John looked back, puzzled. “Yeah. I mean, it’s pretty much standard procedure. Most vamp—er... hemophages—”
The next thing I know, he’s standing up—wide palms cupping my arse—and I’ve got my legs wrapped around his slender hips. He takes a step like he intends to carry me to the bedroom, but I fist my hands in his hair—tugging his head back and exposing his throat to my hungry mouth. We crash against the wall, kissing and rutting and tearing at each other’s clothes.
With a sigh, Sherlock curled around John. The tinkle of his bell the last thing he heard before drifting off. He was John’s good kitty.
His hand curls around my skull, his fingers pressing me forward. His cock glides over my tongue, along my soft palate—filling my mouth. I taste tang and brine and musk, the distinct flavor of his arousal. I keep going until I can feel the tickle of golden curls against the tip of my nose. He gasps when I swallow around his thickness, the fingers in my hair spasming. I twist my head, this way and that, eyes never leaving the tiny glinting aperture.
He tapped at Sherlock’s knees, encouraging a wider stance, exposing the swaying delicacy of his undercarriage. Now that was a sight: Sherlock’s cock hanging, heavy and dripping; the sparse auburn hair of his balls glinting copper in the firelight; the thick ridge of his perineum leading to his tightly puckered hole.
Biting his lip in concentration, Sherlock slipped the round end into the wet slit. From there, gravity did the work. John hissed as the rod slid down in increments, but when Sherlock glanced up, the expression on John’s face was just shy of ecstasy. His eyes were closed and brow knotted in that way could be either pleasure or pain, but his mouth was a gaping softly, his pink tongue pressing against his top teeth. Sherlock returned his attention to the matter at hand, and was surprised to find the rod had slipped in another half inch.
Sherlock focuses his gaze, sees concern in the pleating of John’s brow. His brain skips and stutters. A moment ago John was advancing on him, looking deliciously predatory. What happened? Did he just say nothing was going to happen tonight? “Why on Earth not?”
John’s attention shot up, his eyes wide. Of course he’d know that sound. His gaze darted down to the open vee of Sherlock’s shirt, where the butter soft, black leather of a bespoke bell collar cinched comfortably around Sherlock's throat. John looked back up—expression scandalized.
“How long have you been like this?” John asked, ghosting his fingers along the prominent veins of Sherlock’s shaft.
“Yes. God. More than all right. Sherlock, I need to fuck you.” I mean it. Down to the marrow of my bones. I
“Most humans are scared. Even if they voluntarily seek our company, they still have an instinctual fear. Something in the hindbrain that says
“Good kitties get to come,” John reminded him. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s rigid, throbbing cock and Sherlock whimpered. “Good kitties who listen and don't misbehave. Good kitties that don't try to instigate a scene in front of half of Scotland Yard, those kitties get to come. Are you a good kitty?”
“That’s my good kitty,” he said, wistful and affectionate. “Why don't you take a little nap. You've earned it.”
“You’re incredible,” John said, eyes soft and voice earnest—shifting the mood from playful to sincere. “Thank you.”
John flicks on the light and shuts the door behind himself. He leans back against it and takes a breath, like he's steadying himself. The idea is preposterous. He has nothing to be nervous about. He's not the one standing here with his hands shoved in his pockets trying desperately not to vibrate out of his skin.
Sherlock pulled back and licked his lips, tasted salt and musk. John ran his fingers through his hair again, pushing it off his brow. He smiled down at Sherlock with such adoration that Sherlock had to wonder what he saw. Eagerness certainly, submission perhaps. The idea didn't bother Sherlock as much as he might have once thought.
Sherlock pushed back—no patience for John’s overly solicitous tendencies. He rolled his hips, encouraging John's prick the slide deeper, and deeper still. Until he bottomed out with a grunt of relief.
Infatuated as he is, even Sherlock has limited patience for incomplete thoughts. “Spit it out, John.”
John’s hands, still weak in his lassitude, cupped Sherlock's hips. “That's it, love. Work the tip. You know you love that. Give yourself a twist. Yeah. Just like that.”
He rolls his eyes and harrumphs, but I can see a bit of the tension drain out of him. Overcome by an urge to make up for my lack of tact, I stand up, walk the two paces between our chairs, and slide into his lap.
After a minute of gentle guidance, almost two inches of metal had penetrated John’s urethra. “I think that's it,” Sherlock said, voice barely above a whisper.
John sits back, a look of consternation on his face. “Oh, God. Is this where you tell me you have a boyfriend?”
John shivered, gooseflesh raising in the wake of Sherlock’s mouth. “More like acceptance. There's always gonna be people who disapprove. People who will say meal service is no better than prostitution.”
John scooted back and Sherlock lifted his head, eyes bright with understanding. John pulled against the flex of Sherlock’s cock until in pointed lewdly at the ceiling. He leaned down, eyes locked onto Sherlock's—a steady gaze that said ’
No longer teetering on the precipice, Sherlock swiveled his hips, let the thickness of John’s cock stir inside him. He hummed, an amber-dark purr of satisfaction. Arousal pulsed sluggishly through his veins, peaking his nipples and plumping his cock. Sherlock wouldn't get hard—not in this state—but he reached down to tug at himself nonetheless. He circled the crown with only his index finger and thumb and rolled his foreskin over the head in quick little jerks. The sensation was a lot scratching an itch, sending a shiver through him—from the tops of his thighs, through his bollocks and up to his nape.
Sherlock spun around, then winced as his bladder gave a sharp twinge. John stood in the doorway to the hall, wrapped in his tartan bathrobe, feet bare and crossed at the ankles as he leaned casually against the jamb. He had a glass of water in his hand and a glint of mischief in his eyes.
He dragged Sherlock back into the nest of bedding, covering them with the duvet once again. John hugged Sherlock close—wrapped his arms tight around his middle and pressed soft kisses into the nape of his neck. Sherlock gave a contented sigh, pushing back into the embrace. Without the adrenaline of the case or the ardor of their lovemaking, exhaustion was quick to take over.
Sherlock stood and looked down his nose at his brother. Fuck Mycroft and his ill conceived sense of propriety. There was no need for pretense, they weren't fooling anyone or hiding in the shadows. With a huff and an admittedly melodramatic spin on his heel, Sherlock retreated.
John grunted, the coil of pleasure snapping. The first streak landed across the dimple at Sherlock’s sacrum, the next sliding thick and milky down his crack. John pushed his cock against Sherlock’s hole, filling him with three more hot loads.
His own cock throbbed, now hot and heavy against his palm. Just a few more pulls. . . That's all he'd need. . .
Sherlock looks around the room, anticipation ratcheting up his heart rate. He spies John at a high top table, standing with his back to the door. Sherlock would recognize the nape of John's neck anywhere.
They’d been in the library foyer, standing in front of the bulletin board, each pinning up a flyer. Normally, Sherlock couldn't be arsed, but Irene had insisted,
Sherlock feels something unfurl in his chest—a knot of tension he hadn't even known he'd been carrying—and smiles.
“Mrs. Delaney,” he announced as he entered the well appointed kitchen—all stainless steel and marble, tasteful but lacking in personality. The woman at the table looked up, eyes puffy and nose red. “If you would be so kind as to point us to where you hid the rope.”
John returned his attention to the body—with its blank, bloodshot eyes and bruising across his throat. “The signs of strangulation are all there, just like the other three victims. . .”
Another silence drew out, but this time it was John who withdrew to reflect. He looked out the window, ostensibly to watch the cityscape slide by. They were nearing Baker Street when he spoke again.
John smiles down at me—sated, soft, and radiant. He taps the phone, hands it back to me. I take it, start to slip it into my front pocket, then think better of it and slide it into the back.
“To the mixer.” At the blank look Sherlock gives him, John elaborates. “The LGBT mixer. The one you were putting up a flyer for the day we met.”
John bent his head forward, slipped his tongue out, found the leaking head of Sherlock's prick and slurped indelicately. It was almost more than Sherlock could bear.
He dressed in a flurry, pulling on trousers and buttoning up his shirt one-handed as he texted Lestrade back.
. The cascade of responses was instant. His shoulders dropped down and back, his spine went loose, and his cock plumped. He grabbed his phone from the bedside table and crawled onto the bed.
He ducked under the police tape and made his way to Lestrade, long strides and billowing coat taking him down the alley. “Have you managed to keep your team from trampling the crime scene?”
Sherlock bit his lip, then with a nod, rolled onto his stomach. He hoisted himself up on his knees, leaving his face pressed into the pillows.
More than simply satiating a hunger, John's blood was an elixir—imparting warmth, imbuing life. Each languorous pull carried his essence, washing through Sherlock like a long lost memory. He sucked, laved, sucked again. Hard. Harder. John cried out, a wordless keen beyond agony or ecstasy.
They end up in a corner booth, talking over first, second, then third pints. Sherlock feels loose—untethered in an exhilarating way. There's no pretense here, just the two of them chatting, getting to know one another outside of an academic setting. They’re revealing tiny bits of themselves, like clues, solving the mystery of one another. And Sherlock can only hope that John likes what he’s discovering.
John worked Sherlock’s body—fingers gentle, but strokes persistent—until Sherlock had no thought left in his head. He reared back against John’s hand, reached out and clawed at the mattress. And when he wailed into the sheets he truly sounded like a cat in heat.
When the sweet pull of John's mouth tipped from perfect, to too much, Sherlock tugged him back by the tuft of his fringe. John released him with a sigh, letting his mouth fall open and rolling his tongue to offer one last caress and Sherlock slipped free.
They’d been snogging under the heavy down duvet for ages. Like bloody teenagers. Exchanging body heat with roaming hands and panting breaths until John had to come up for air.
“Hey.” John’s hands are on Sherlock’s shoulders, rubbing down his arms. “Don’t look so scared. Nothing’s gotta happen tonight.”
“How many men have you been with?” Sherlock asked, hand skating from John’s hip, up his side, cupping against his ribs.
The fire flickered out, the embers smoldered. Outside, in the velvet night, the snow continued to fall.
Here is my first, kinky foray into Omegaverse, featuring Alpha!John, Omega!Sherlock, and an unexpected surprise.
“You're a demanding bottom, to be sure,” I say, as if offering a consolation. “Pouty and pushy. But in the end—and I mean this in this in the nicest way possible, as a man who derives great pleasure from making you come buckets—you are an absolute pillow princess.” My kingdom for a camera, his look of affront is priceless.
Sherlock could practically see the questions swirling in Lestrade’s beguiled gaze. His cheeks began to heat and he smiled like a child with a secret he just couldn't keep.
John looked up and smiled at Sherlock softly. “It’s no problem. It’s probably not the best sandwich, but at least it’s something, right?” John asked.
But the den was small, and it didn’t take his Alpha long to release that John would go crazy being cooped up all the time. So, they went on regular walks and runs. The issue with being outside of the den, was that it was loud and crowded, and everyone stared at John. It irritated him, but he knew Sherlock would never let him harm these humans. So, he ignored their stares and contented himself with staying by his Alpha’s side.
“I’m John,” he introduced himself, and Sherlock smiled, producing a white feather from his pocket, and held it up to John’s wings to compare them. Everyone’s wings were different, and John’s wings were rounded, and so were his feathers, like a really fat oval, and his held a touch of silver at the tips, making them shine in sunlight.
Sherlock tilted his head to the side, looking momentarily surprised, then his head dropped down and sharp teeth easily cut through the rope binding him.
From then on, Sherlock taught John how to read, write, and talk. He bought John clothes and taught him how to be human. Of course, John still preferred to be a wolf, and as a compromise he spent the day as a human and night as a wolf. He liked that Sherlock liked his human form, and Sherlock proudly showed John off, taking him outside and declaring to anyone who questioned why John was there, that John was
John’s heart twisted. He wanted desperately to say yes, but that would be unfair for Sherlock. He took in another deep breath and let it out slowly. He shook his head. “No,” he told Sherlock, not meeting his gaze. Sherlock
John couldn’t help but stir at the sight of all Sherlock’s gorgeous pale skin, his cock twitching with interest. Sherlock inhaled deeply and grinned wolfishly at John, leaning down and claiming his mouth in a hard kiss.
Sherlock’s hand grasped his chin, and turned him back to meet his intense gaze. “That didn’t stop you before,” he pointed out.
During the night, they tended to drift apart in their sleep, and then come back together, except with Sherlock generally spooning John from behind. Sherlock would wrap both sets of wings around him, and John would be unable to move or squirm away, and it was an absolutely wonderful feeling to be held that tightly.
“Of course I’m alone. The Yard is always slow to catch up,” Sherlock scoffed, and John grumbled internally. The nutter had better be lying, and that the Yard was actually outside.
“And I promise to always wait for you if they do,” John promised in return, and tucked his head under Sherlock’s chin once more.
“Shh,” Sherlock soothed him, and John could hear rustling and assumed Sherlock had crouched down behind him, as large, familiar wings wrapped around him, a pale hand took the drink away from him and set it down somewhere out of his sight, and arms wrapped around him. “It’s alright, John, I’m sorry,” Sherlock whispered in his ear.
“You bastard!” Mike shouted, more enraged than John had ever seen him, “You have no right! No right! You have no idea what you did!”
Reading the words over and over, John memorised them, and then set the letter aside and picked up the box. It rested comfortably in his palm, the dark green box contrasting with the yellow bow that tied it together. Carefully, John tugged on one end of the ribbon and it easily came undone. Lifting the lid, John couldn’t contain his gasp. Inside, was a set of dogtags, made out of what looked like white gold. Lifting it with shaking hands, John saw there were two rounded rectangle tags. One had ‘
John sighed. “That doesn’t matter. Are you going to kill me or not?” he asked, fighting hard to keep his voice even.
It was just a small festival, but there were a lot of people. He stumbled on someone’s shoe and fell into someone else, apologized profusely and moved not. Not long after, John started feeling woozy. He’d been drugged so many times that he recognized the feeling immediately. Casually, he stuck his hand into his pocket and pulled out his phone. His vision was starting to blur, but he managed to find the setting for turning on his location, switched it on and then speed-dialed one. He kept walking as he did this, bringing his phone to his ear and glancing around to see if there was anyone watching him. Not that he could see, but his brain was turning fuzzy as well now.
There were rumours passing around Omegas and Alphas that the Prince Holmes of London was participating this year, but the thing was that only the people who had met Prince Holmes in person would know him, as in the Games everyone only used their first names. It was so that Alphas and Omegas were only judged on how well they did, not titles.
Sherlock was constantly on his shoulders whenever he could, in his protective stance where he could protect John if needed. Occasionally, when John was reading his book, Sherlock would scurry around the flat, constantly checking into John’s mind to make sure he was okay before carrying on, or he would curl up in the fire and enjoy the heat.
John raised an eyebrow. Sherlock had told him he was many things, but he’d never said ‘interesting’. That was a new one.
The next few hours were torturous. Sherlock alternated between pacing violently in front of the door, and pressing his nose to John’s neck to make sure he was still there sitting on the bed and still okay. Every time someone walked past their door, Sherlock would snarl in warning, and John would sigh. He knew Sherlock well enough by now to know that he was as frustrated with his own actions as John was.
“Sorry for what?” Sherlock asked, his voice small as his eyes searched John’s face frantically, meeting his gaze for a moment before John looked to the side.
After a while, the human came into the section of the dwelling where John was hiding, and sat down on a sharp-lined object that smelt like leather. “You’ll have to come out if you want some of this,” the human spoke, sounding amused, and holding up a piece of meat, blood still dripping from it.
John huffed his displeasure, opening his eyes and gazing up at Sherlock with a pout. “I’ll miss you,” he whispered, not wanting Sherlock to leave.
He stood and flexed out his wings again. Something caught his eye, and he turned with a slight frown and examined his wings. With a feeling of slight panic, he noticed that the silver from the tips of his wings was slightly darker, and was expanding upwards. He was becoming a Fallen. The more time he spent with Sherlock, the more he knew his wings would slowly start to turn pure black.
Sherlock. Sherlock was here. John’s heart pounded and his head whirled. He had conflicting overwhelming urges of running over to Sherlock and running away from him. But, wasn’t this why he was here in London? The chance to finding Sherlock?
An Omega’s heat was only triggered by an Alpha, as it would be wasted on Betas as Betas’ cocks weren’t long enough to reach their cervix, and didn’t have the knot to keep in the sperm.
Sherlock smiled at him softly. “I look forward to it. But now I really need to go, John,” Sherlock said, and John sighed with a nod.
Sherlock sighed in frustration, frowning. “John, you have to eat. You threw up the food I made you for breakfast, and the lunch I made you is still in the fridge. You
“Simple,” the words came from his mouth, but John wasn’t the one saying them and it really was an odd feeling. “You were clingy to try and seem as interested as possible, and yet sometimes when you visited your lipstick was smudged, with the briefest hint of cologne and sweat lingered around you. You never let me see your phone, and sometimes you would call me by a different name.”
Realising how close they’d gotten, John cleared his throat and looked away in slight embarrassment. He caught the other Omegas glaring at them, and remembered the long rope of flowers that Sherlock had. He was a very sought-after Alpha. There was no doubt about that. Still, it was John’s flower that was in Sherlock’s pocket, sticking out proudly.
They asked him to come in and take care of Sherlock Holmes – one of the most wanted criminals in England. He was shocked, but accepted.
Now that he mentioned it, John had hit his head earlier and he now he could feel blood clotting against his skin.
Glancing around, it seemed like no one had noticed, and he quickly hid the dragon egg in the cradle of his arms and opened the envelope. There was a key with a tag attached reading, “
He placed the bags down and rushed over to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s skinny waist and pressed close. He heard the click of the call being ended, and looked up at Sherlock. “I was coming out of the shops and this woman kissed me. I didn’t want to. I.. it’s
Of course, there was nothing that they could do until night-time, so they waited. Also, turns out Mycroft had brought hot food for them – the smell that had woken John up in the first place – so they ate that before it cooled.
The words were harsh and cold, and John watched as Sarah fled the flat quickly, slamming the door behind her. Slowly, Sherlock slipped from his mind and body and the feeling of water running over him came again, and then he was in control of himself.
John faded in and out of consciousness for a long time, aware that he was being tended to, and that he was lying on the comfiest thing he had ever slept on, but nothing more than that. Sometimes, he would hear the low rumble of a voice, and it was comforting.
Sherlock growled in warning. “You’re not allowed to keep secrets from me, John,” Sherlock snarled lowly, grip tightening on John’s fur until it was painful and caused John to wince, “Don’t you remember what happened last time you did?”
By the time that was done, Mycroft appeared in the sky, a small boy beside him, flapping determinedly. John watched and waited with a smile on his face, anticipation rising in him. As they landed, John’s eyes widened. Sherlock already had the body of a five year old! Sherlock looked up at Mycroft, who gave a smile and a nod, and then he walked slowly over to John, cautious. John sat down on the ground so that he wouldn’t appear so big, and slowly wrapped his wings around himself, hiding from sight.
me, John! And then I’m told that you’re out of London? I thought you’d left me!” Sherlock growled, nipping at John’s neck angrily and causing John to wince at the sharp sting of pain.
The hand on the couch moved into Sherlock’s hair, playing with the curls at his nape. “In a minute. Right now I want to talk a bit more about sexual experimentation.”
“Choking myself during a wank?” John’s voice was low, mindful of the cabbie. “No. Always seemed like a lot of work to set up, especially if don't want to end up like Mr. Delaney.” He gave Sherlock a considering once over. “Have you?”
Outside, darkness draped over the city like cold velvet. Fat snowflakes drifted lazily past the window, the sodium glow of streetlights burnishing them in gold. Winter on Baker Street.
“I stopped in uni,” John continued, slipping his hand between Sherlock’s thighs. “Didn't have the time or the privacy for indulgent wanks. And honestly the idea hadn't crossed my mind in years. But now that I'm thinking about it. . .”
He looks back down to me, eyes hot and hungry—an all-consuming wildfire—and I scramble to flip over. No need for words, I know exactly what he wants. I end up on on my knees, arse high in the air and face buried in the mattress. Presented. I feel cool air on my exposed arsehole, and the heavy weight of my cock and bollocks hanging between my legs. I love this. Love offering myself up.
“I feel like a fucking reprobate,” John says as he slips into a seat at the high top table tucked into the far corner of the cafe. His voice is quiet, speaking to me via the in-line microphone on his ear buds.
John sucks one more time, long and savoring, then pulls off. I trickle a bit and he courteously laps it up before he pushes himself away. He takes my legs and begins to rearrange them—spreading and shifting them—until he’s satisfied. He slots himself between them, slides his cock into the space between the top of my thigh and the lower curve of my belly, and gives an experimental thrust. It’ll work.
Warmth began to soak into Sherlock’s pants and he gasped, then groaned at the sweet release. John hummed, murmured a satisfied little
By the time he pulls back for breath I’m babbling into the sheets, cursing and begging. Without his face tucked between my cheeks, I can feel cool air against my saliva-drenched skin.
Above him, John moaned like a man undone. He gasped and cursed and held nothing back. Bellows of pure pleasure, rumbles of distilled ecstasy. From his position on the floor—kneeling at John’s feet, with a hot prick between his lips—Sherlock marveled.
Sherlock scowls at Irene. Irritation is a much more familiar emotion than anxiety. “Is it really so hard to believe?”
With a frustrated groan, Sherlock finally relents. His grip loosens and I slide down, planting my feet on the hardwood floor. I have to take a moment to steady myself. My heart is hammering and I feel light headed—all the blood in my body currently trapped in my throbbing prick.
“That’s it. God that’s perfect,” John whispered, more to himself than to Sherlock. He watched the shift of muscles in the amber flicker of the fire. Watched the gentle sway of Sherlock’s bollocks.
“Come, Sherlock,” John growled into the hot, wet skin. “Come on.” He smeared his tongue around his rI’m and pushed in as deep as he could.
I moan even louder, wanton and unrestrained, as I feel the first lapping sensation of orgasm. It starts low in my gut and radiates out—a ripple of pleasure growing stronger and stronger—until I'm arching off the bed, thrusting into John’s hand, and gasping for breath.
Sherlock’s mouth watered, but he knew that if he were to take his tongue and slide it over that gorgeous, wet head, John would just have to get up and wash all over again. But, there was nothing stopping him from ducking lower and suckling at John’s bollocks. As soon as he closed his mouth around one of John’s plump testicles, he heard a bone-deep groan and felt fingers tunneling into his hair. He sucked and lapped, lipped at the loose skin.
, you arrogant knob. And second, it's a little difficult to concentrate when you're wearing that.” Lestrade gestured with a jut of his chin, his eyes focused on Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock bolted upright, momentarily confused. John had found two dead bodies in Islington? Then he saw the name on the notification. Lestrade. That made much more sense. Kitty space did tend to make Sherlock a bit dull.
His whole mouth covers my areola—hot and wet—and I sigh in relief. A cocktail of oxytocin, dopamine, and serotonin sings in my veins, leaving me intoxicated and brimming with pleasure.
The sweet singing pleasure of release! Warmth flooded him, poured out of him. His groan of satisfaction eclipsed the hiss of his steady stream.
“That’s right. Open up for me, John. Spread your legs like a tart. Such a slag. Tell me you want it.”
“Not as a dildo, no,” John answered, a bit chagrined. “I cored it, warmed it up in the microwave and wanked with it.”
“All right. . .” The man had raised his eyebrows as if waiting for something more, but after a full ten seconds of silence, he’d simply nodded. “Okay. See you ‘round, then.”
“Sherlock. . . What’s? Oh. Oh!” In the span of about five seconds, John's voice morphs from confused to understanding to pleasantly surprised.
My eyes trace up his flushed chest, over his gilt collarbones and the warm shadow at the base of this throat. Up to the delicious pink pout if his lips, parted on the eager tide of his breaths. The journey ends on his eyes—smoldering mercury slivers. He’s hungry, just as desperate as I am.
