The younger Winchesters sat in front with John and the four time travelers piled into the back. "Where are we headed to?" Thorn asked. "We should go to Bobby's. We need to talk with dad." Dean said. "Why can't we talk now?"John asked, looking back at Dean. "It's a private conversation." Sammy explained. John looked at them quizzically "Alright. We're heading to Bobby's then." he aid before turning forward again. John started driving and turned on some music. Dean laid his head on Cas' shoulder "Sorry, 'm tired." Dean said before falling asleep. Cas smiled and leaned his head against Dean.
Squirrel sits opposite of Sam on the floor in front of the board "All right, Sam. This isn't going to work." Sam has his hands poised on the pointer. Squirrel places his fingers on it and slowly, concentrating. slides it to "YES" on the board. Sam gasps. "I'll be damned." Squirrel says surprised. Sam laughs in relief "It's good to hear from you, man. It hasn't been the same without you." Sam says. "Damn straight." Squirrel places his fingers on the pointer again and starts sliding it. "Dean, what? H? U? Hunt? Hunting? What, are you hunting?" the pointer slides back to "YES".
Sam stared at his brother "We can't, Squirrel. We've only got three bullets left. We can't just use them on any demon, we've got to use them on the demon." Sam explained. "Guys, his name is Azazel." Thorn said, poking her head out of the car. "Why does his name matter?" Squirrel asked, clearly not caring. "Well, calling him yellow eyes doesn't work cause all four princes have yellow eyes and I can almost bet you that we're gonna run into them. Next off just calling him the demon doesn't work cause we got a lot of demons we're gonna meet." she explained.
"So, where's your little Daeva friend?" (p)Dean asked. "Around. You know, that shotgun's not gonna do much good." Meg told him. "Oh, don't worry, sweetheart. The shotgun's not for the demon." (f)Dean shook his head but stayed quiet, they'll figure it out eventually. "So, who is it, Meg? Who's coming? Who are you waiting for?" (p)Sam asked her. "You." she said with a smug smile. The shadow demon begins to form on the wall. It knocks (p)Sam to the ground and throws (p)Dean into the crates. A claw-like scratch appears on (p)Sam's face.
He gestured to the envelope "I should look at that." Squirrel hands it to him. He opens it " 'If you're reading this, I'm already dead'... that son of a bitch." John muttered. "What is it?" Squirrel asked. "He had it the whole time." John said. "Dad, what?" Sam asked. "When you searched the place, did you, did you see a gun? An antique, a revolver, did you see it?" John asked them. "No, the colt wasn't there, just an empty case." Dean told him. John looked over like he just remembered the future Winchesters were there.
Dean smiled and started kissing Cas' neck, pulling his tie loose. Cas pulled off Deans flannel and moved to pull of his t-shirt. Dean moved back and helped Cas pull off his shirt, going to unbutton Cas' dress shirt once it was gone. Dean slid down Cas' body, laying between his legs and removing his belt. Freeing his erection Dean kissed Cas' tip. Cas covered his mouth to stifle his moan. Dean smirked up at him and licked from his base to his tip before taking half of his dick in his mouth. Cas groaned loudly and fell back on the bed, gripping his hands into Deans hair.
Cas closed the small space between them and hugged Dean. Wrapping him in his wings. Dean wrapped his arms around Cas' waist. He had finished brushing out Cas' wings and pulling the dead feathers out. "What's this for?" Dean asked. He didn't mind more affection from Cas but it's a bit out of nowhere. "You keep complimenting my wings. When an angel is looking for a mate they use their wings as a way to court. The better the Wings the better a chance for a mate." Cas explained. "Oh, Cas," Dean hugged Cas tighter. "You should already know you're amazing Honey Bee."
"What made you change your mind?" past Dean asked his brother. "I didn't. I still wanna find Dad. And you're still a pain in the ass." both Dean's nods. "But, Jess and Mom—they're both gone. Dad is God knows where. You and me. We're all that's left. So, if we're gonna see this through, we're gonna do it together." "Hold me, Sam. That was beautiful." past Dean turns back and puts his hand on Sam's shoulder, who hits it away. They laugh.
The Sam's nodded, past Sam grabbed his bag and they headed out to the other room. "I don't know 'bout you but I'm gonna take a shower and head to sleep." past Dean told his counterpart. Dean nodded "I'm actually gonna grab my brother and get some clothes that fit us. We'll be back in a bit." walking out of the motel after grabbing the keys for the impala Dean went to get his brother.
Soon the younger Winchesters walked out of the motel room "So? Future talk?" young Dean asked looking excited. "No can do me, can't risk changing the future." Dean said folding his arms. "Really?" "Ya really, now give me the keys, I want to drive." Dean said holding out his hand. "No way, it's my car." young Dean said looking at his older self like he was crazy. "Well Dean, technically he is you." young Sam said to his brother. "I'm driving, you can sit shotgun." young Dean told his counterpart.
"Okay you made your point tough guy. Look we're all tired, we can talk about this later. Sammy, I mean it, come on." Squirrel said, Sammy still holding him back. Sam reluctantly turns around and starts walking back to the Impala. Dean however continues to glare at John. "This is why I left in the first place." Sam mumbled at he walked away. Johns attention instantly snapped back to him "What'd you say?"he growled. "You heard me."Sam said swinging back around. "Yeah. You left. Your brother and me, we needed you. You walked away, Sam." John was getting more angry the more he spoke.
Another flash of light passes through Luther and he slumps to the ground dead. Kate starts toward John. Another vamp grabs her, pulling her to their car. They take off, wheels screaming. John smiles in satisfaction. As they all turn to go back to their cars Sammy grabs Deans arm and pulls him to the side, just out of earshot from the others. "Are you alright?" Sammy asked. "Of course, why wouldn't I be?" Dean said. "Well, when Luther talked about vamps having a right to live you got that look." "what look?" "The one where you know someone is right and you feel bad. You gave it a lot when talking to Cas."
The younger Winchesters sunk back into the seat and looked at the ground. The Impala was silent for a minute as the younger brothers contemplated what Meg said. Suddenly the car jolted as Dean slammed on the breaks. "DEAN WHAT THE FUCK!" Meg barked as she fell forward, bracing her hands on the back of the front seat. "Meg, you showed up when we finally found out you were a demon right?" Dean asked, turning in his seat to look at the demon. "Ya, I just woke up outside the motel you were staying at." she told him, confused on the question.
Dean shielded his eyes from the son with his hand and stood up, across the field everyone else was looking at him weird. "What? Why are you staring at me? How did we get out?" Dean asked. Squirrel opened his mouth to say something but the sound of flapping wings behind Dean had him shutting it. Dean slowly turned around "C-Cas?" his voice was barely audible. "Hello Dean." Cas said softly. "Dean I-" Dean didn't wait for Cas to say anything else. He rushed over without thinking, grabbing Cas' face between his hands and pulling him into a kiss.
"Your brother's lost his mind." John told him, giving Sam a slight glance. "He's not Dad." Squirrel growled out. "What?" Sam asked confused. "I think he's possessed. I think he's been possessed since we rescued him." Squirrel told his brother. "There's no way. Dean and Sammy would have told us otherwise." Sam said in disbelief. "No. Somethings been off about this whole situation and I think I know what. They're working for the other side, that's how they came back in time." Squirrel accused, voice raising the more he spoke. "Don't listen to him, Sam." John yelled back to him.
Both Sam's thought for a moment "He....*sighs* He has a point. We don't know if anything else from the future will show up. If we pair up with one future and past brother then we're less likely to get hurt if something like that does happen." (p)Sam told his counterpart who nodded in agreement. "Well then why can't we just stay in the groups we have now?" (p)Dean asked.
All four brothers returned to Hell House that night. A police car is parked outside, two cops stand around. All the brothers crouch in the bushes. "I guess the cops don't want anyone else screwing around in there." Squirrel says. "Yeah but we still gotta get in there." Sam says. Squirrel hears whispers and peeks from their hiding place "I don't believe it." Sam spins to look. Ed and Harry are approaching: hunched over, wearing all sorts of gadgets, whispering and shh-ing each other. "I got an idea." Dean said.
Ms.Miller walks away and (f)Dean immediately takes more cocktail sausages from the coffee table. Chewing contentedly, he looks at (p)Sam shaking his head. "What?" "Just...tone it down a little bit, Father." "Gladly." (f)Dean says, making his brother raise a brow. "What's up with you?" (p)Sam asked. (f)Dean looked at him confused "You're looking like you are struggling to say most of your sentences. Like you have to force them out." (p)Sam elaborated.
Thorn disappeared, and John stormed off. Bobby started walking around the parking lot as Sammy and Dean went to go rent rooms for the night. When they came back to the truck Thorn had come back and Bobby had stopped walking. "Alright, pick a bunk buddy." Dean told them. "Me and Dean are sharing a room." Sammy said. John walked over to them "What did I miss?" "Bunk buddies. Pick. Angel, Demon, or Bobby." Dean ginned, no matter what John wasn't gonna be happy. "Bobby?" John asked. Bobby shrugged his shoulders and grabbed his bag. "Alright, Thorn and Cas are sharing I guess." Dean muttered.
"Hey man I told you, I searched that house up and down. No cold spots, sulfur scent. Nada." (f)Dean said. "You did it 15 years ago, how are you sure you didn't forget anything." (p)Sam asked slightly agitated. (f)Dean looked at him with a cold stare and didn't say anything. (p)Sam looked away uncomfortable. "This would be a lot easier if you told us what was going on."(p)Sam muttered. (f)Sam rolled his eyes "We've been over this" (f)Sam started but was interrupted by (p)Dean "We know, can't fuck up the future." he said bitterly.
Cas let go of his hold on the back of Deans shirt and gripped his upper arms instead. He tilted his head back moaning. Dean kissed up his neck, moving to kiss his lips. Cas enthusiastically kissed back. He thrusted upward, grinding against Dean. Both men groaned into the kiss, Dean moving his hand to grab Cas' hair. They parted and Dean slid Cas' trench coat and suit jacket off his shoulders. "Cas, you need to stop wearing 3 layers every day." Dean said, chuckling. Cas smiled "I'll keep that in mind. But only if you do the same."
Dean and Sammy had been explaining for a while. "Maybe you should step back a bit," Ellen suggested. They looked at her confused. "Let time run its course a bit on its own. If you know something serious is going to happen then intervene but maybe take a break."She explained.
Dean holds up his lighter, flicks it, and throws it back into the room. It bursts into flame and the boys run outside. "That's your solution? Burn the whole damn place to the ground?" Sam asks. "Well nobody will go in anymore. I mean look, Mordechai can't haunt a house if there's no house to haunt. It's fast and dirty but it works." Dean told him. "Well what if the legend changes again and Mordechai is allowed to leave the house?" Sam asks. "Well -- well then we'll just have to come back." Squirrel tells his brother. They all watch the house burn.
The boys considered it "Maybe not such a bad idea. Out of what I remember nothing too serious happens for a while." Dean said. "Wait...where's Cas?" he asked, looking around. "He came in with us right?" Sam asked. "I thought so...I'm gonna go look for him," Dean said, getting up to go look outside. Dean walked outside and looked around the Impala. "Cas! You out here?" he yelled. Dean jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Turning around he saw Cas "Hello Dean." "What are ya doing at here man?"
Half way through the trip it had gotten late. People in the crapped car had started to get grouchy and John and Thorn had had 3 shouting matches. Dean was getting tired and Bobby and John had started to argue. "Dean, there is a motel about 2 miles from here." Cas told him. Dean looked over and gave Cas a thankful smiled, starting to drive a little faster. Finally they stopped and were all able to get out of the truck "Alright, if you're angry the go take a breather. We'll get rooms." Dean said.
"You didn't ask very nice." Meg said in a mock hurt tone. "Where's our father, bitch?" Squirrel asked again. Thorn growled and took a small step forward before Dean grabbed her arm and held her back. "Jeez. You kiss your mother with that mouth? Oh wait, I forgot, you don't." Meg taunted. Dean let out a heavy sigh and let go of thorns arm and grabbed his counterpart instead, stopping him from lunging at her. Dean let out a heavy breathe and pulled Squirrel back "This isn't gonna work if you don't calm the fuck down." Dean told him, letting him go.
"I feel like you should know the answer to that." Squirrel said as he pushes himself out from under the car. "Want some help?" "Ya, having another me would definitely make this go a lot faster." Squirrel smiled. "I can fix the Impala with a thought now Dean," Cas said. Dean smiled warmly at Cas and put an arm on his shoulder "Thanks Cas but let us fix her up until our next hunt. It will give us something to do." Dean said. Cas nodded and went to sit down nearby. "You remember what the next hunt is?" Squirrel asked. "Not a clue, most of them got mixed over the years."
(p)Sam looks over to his brother "Dean I'm scared man. These nightmares weren't bad enough, now I'm seeing things when I'm awake? And these, visions, or whatever, they're getting more intense. And painful." "Come on man, you'll be all right. It'll be fine.....He'll be fine, right?" (p)Dean asked their counterparts. (f)Sam sighed and (f)Dean responded "Ya, it gets better. He'll be alright." (f)Sam glared at his brother but (f)Dean didn't care. The car went quite again, that had been happening a lot recently.
Cas chuckled "How could you tell?" "Well, you brought us out into the middle of nowhere and are kinda doing that thing where you want to ask a question but don't want to bother me. So you just stay quiet and just look sad." Dean explained. Cas blushed and lifted his head off of Dean. "Hey, I didn't mean it as a bad thing; I actually think it's kinda cute. I only brought it up cause I didn't want you sitting there being uncomfortable." Dean quickly explained. Hoping he hadn't hurt Cas.
"Any more questions?" John asks, turning to Sam. Sam looks away and stays silent, Dean gives John a small glare. "All right, let's get out of here, we're losing daylight." John said. They start heading for their respective cars "Hey Dean why don't you touch up your car before you get rust? I wouldn't have given you the damn thing if I thought you were going to ruin it." John tosses out. All four Winchester brothers are confused for a second before Dean makes a bitch face that rivals Sam's and flips his dad off. "Pretty sure you meant to say Squirrel there dad." Sammy yells after John, causing him to turn back and glare.
"You're crazy." "No, we're not." (f)Sam said, halfway down the stairs with (p)Dean. Max looked between all four of them confused "Sorry, I know there is a lot of us." (f)Dean apologized. "If you calm down and put the gun away we can explain more upstairs." Max seemed to think about (f)Deans offer. "Not all of you." Max said. "Course not, those two" (p)Sam gestured to the younger Winchesters "can wait outside." "I'm sorry, you want us to do what?" (p)Dean started. "Go outside so you don't accidentally make an already bad situation worse." (f)Dean  sternly told his counterpart.
He was now officially crying and when he finally finished he was breathing heavy. Sammy took a step forward as Dean let go of John and took a step back, looking to the ground. "Dean?" Sammy asked quietly, not wanting to startle his brother. Dean fell to his knees and hugged himself, finally breaking down. Sammy rushed over and knelt by his side, hugging his brother. John stared shocked at Dean for a moment before quietly walking over to his sons. Squirrel looked visibly shaken and Sam was clearly trying to process all he had just heard.
"Look, I wouldn't mind you two staying with us, I don't think Sam would either. But a little help here and there would be nice." past Dean interjected. "It doesn't have to be anything big. Just small things here and there that won't have a big impact." past Sam added. Sam sighed "Fine, but never anything big that could even sightly change the future." "Sounds like a plan." Dean said smiling. "Can I make a request?" past Sam asked.
Sam rolls his eyes "Nice. Thanks." he said sarcastically. Moving to get in the car (p)Dean tells (p)Sam "Come on, lets just pick this up in the morning. We'll check out the house, talk to the family." "Dean, you saw them, they're devastated They're not going to want to talk to us." (f)Sam interjected. "Yeah you're right. But I think I know who they will talk to." "Who?" (p)Sam asks his brother. (p)Dean smirks.
"I have a plan, Sam." John told him. "That's exactly my point! Squirrel is dying, and you have a plan! You know what, you care more about killing this demon than you do saving your own son!" Sam yelled at his father. "No, no, no, guys, don't do this!" Squirrel said, exasperated. "Do not tell me how I feel! I am doing this for Dean." Yelled back, angry. "How? How is revenge going to help him? You're not thinking about anybody but yourself, it's the same selfish obsession!" "Come on guys, don't do this!" Squirrel tried again.
"Squirrel, how do you know?" Sam asked his brother. "He's .... he's different." Squirrel says, fighting back tears. "You know, we don't have time for this. Sam, you wanna kill this demon, you've gotta trust me. Sam looks back and forth between his father and brother. Squirrel glances at him, but doesn't say anything else to convince him. "Sam?" John asked. Sam looks back and forth before looking to Dean and Sammy. Sammy looked to the ground and Dean gave him an apologetic look. " No. No." Sam shakes his head and moves over to stand by his brother's side.
"It seems that way. I'm not sure if it's permanent though." Dean came up to him and slung an arm around his shoulders. "It doesn't matter if their permanent or not. You're staying with us either way." Dean said confidently. Cas smiled at Dean and leaned into his side. "Hey, I'm gonna go and get us some food." Sammy said, grabbing his coat. "Okay. Get me a cheeseburger." Dean told him. "Cas you want anything?" Sam asked. "No, I won't be able to taste anything but molecules." he said sadly.
"I bet you’re real proud of your kids, too, huh? Oh wait, I forgot. I wasted ‘em." Squirrel snarked. "Do I look dead to you?" Thorn yelled. "Technically, yes. You did die cause you were human and died." Sammy said. "I have half a mind to punch you." Thorn growled. Dean chuckled under his breathe. Azazel blinked, surprised to be interrupted again "Can you stop interrupting? I am trying to be menacing here." Azazel growled annoyed. "Your not very good at it." Squirrel muttered. Azazel's head snaps to Squirrel, his eyes glowing yellow and Squirrel screams in pain. "No!" Sam jerked, trying to get off the wall.
They are walking through the orchard and see the scarecrow on its post. They walks over to it and looks at it for a second. "Dude, you're fugly." young Dean says the scarecrow doesn't move. Dean notices a sickle in the scarecrow's hand and a design on its arm, he takes a ladder from a nearby tree and climbs to the top so that he is eye level with the scarecrow. He moves its clothing and recognizes the design from Vince's tattoo. He pulls out Vince's flyer and compares the designs, which are exactly the same. He looks at the scarecrow again. "Nice tat."
The parade of rag-tag hunters pulled up to the Roadhouse. "Hello? Anybody here?" Sam asks as he steps out of the Impala. He's met with silence and looks to Sammy "They're inside." Sammy tells his counterpart. Sam made an 'oh' face and looked to Squirrel. "We'll head inside then. You three can stay out here." Squirrel said. He and Sam walked into the roadhouse. Dean leaned against the Impala and crossed his arms. Cas walking over to stand next to him. "Do you think Adam is around?" Sammy asked. "Don't know. If he is we'll find him later. Should probably tell him about Michael." Dean responded.
"So, what am I supposed to do?" Dean asked quietly. Still mainly focusing on feeling up Cas' wings. "J-just...Just straighten out the crooked feathers and pull out the dead ones." Cas explained. Dean nodded and stood. Cas' wings were large, Dean needed to stand to be able to properly reach the top of them. Dean carded his fingers through Cas' feathers, letting the loose one fall. The dead feathers were obvious, they weren't as soft and a slightly lighter shade of black. He worked from the outer edge in, the feathers getting fluffier the closer he got to where the wings connected with Cas' back.
John sighed out a heavy breathe in defeat "You boys have a point." Squirrel and Sam smiled at their counterparts in thanks. "Now, we're running out of time. You do your job and you get out of the area." John told them. The brothers nodded and headed off. "Thanks for the help."Sam said. "He would have come around eventually but it's better to get him on our side quicker." Dean told them. "Still, it's nice to have dad listen to reason for once." Sam said. Squirrel slightly glared at his brother but the older Winchesters nodded in agreement.
Four of the five Winchesters were in a motel room. The older brothers were sitting on the beds, Sam was pacing and John was sitting at the table. "It shouldn't be taking this long. I should go help." Sam said. "Dean's got it." John says as he watches Sam pace. "Come on Sam, have faith in me." Dean said jokingly. They were all silent for a bit before Dean remembered something and got up, motioning for Sammy to follow. "Hey we're gonna head out for a bit. We'll be back in time to get the vamps." Dean said as he walked out with Sammy.
"I can't really explain right now. I'm sorry, look, I don't want you to miss your bus." "But I don't understand. You're running back to your brother? The guy you ran away from? Why, because he won't pick up his phone? Sam—come with me to California." "I can't. I'm sorry." "Why not?" "He's my family." past Sam leaves, Meg watches him go. "Goodbye Meg." Sam said before following his past self.
Dean smiled gratefully and rolled onto his side to get some sleep. Cas got up and went to find Sammy. Cas found him in the kitchen with John and Bobby. "Where's Dean?" Sammy asked. "He's tired so he's going to sleep," Cas told him. "I still want to know how they found this place," John said, a little annoyed. "And he'll tell you tomorrow when he gets his sleep and is not an angry bear," Cas explained. John huffed but dropped the topic. "Come on, I'll show you guys some spare rooms," Sammy said, leading John and Bobby off.
"Alright, Sam, you're going by Sammy from now on." (f)Sam groaned. "You have to be kidding me. Actually, you know what? Fine. But past you has to go by squirrel." "I have to go by what now?" "Sammy, that is completely unnecessary." "If you get to pick my name then I get to pick yours. No take backs" Sammy said, grinning smugly. Squirrel turned his head slightly to look back at the "Why is my name squirrel?" "Because I know my brother hates it." Sammy said. "Dude, why'd you have to pick Sammy as his name?" Squirrel asked his counterpart. "You would have done the same thing." Dean yelled at his counterpart accusingly.
"Boys." he said softly. Both brothers flinched and Squirrel took a small step back, fear in his eyes. John took a deep breathe and tried to look calm "I would like for you two to go wait in the impala. Please." He said looking between them. Neither brother argued as they head back to the car. John turns around and walks back over to Dean and Sammy. He knelt in front of Dean and Sammy looked over and glared at him. Before Sammy could say anything John reached over and pulled Dean into a hug. Sammy just stared at him dumbfounded.
Squirrel struggles, but is still pinned to the wall. Azazel looks over at him. "Your Dad – he’s in here with me. Trapped inside his own meat suit. He says “hi”, by the way. He’s gonna tear you apart. He’s gonna taste the iron in your blood." he taunts Squirrel. "Let him go, or I swear to God–" "What? What are you and God gonna do? You see, as far as I’m concerned, this is justice." Azazel walks over to Squirrel. "You know that little exorcism of yours? That was my daughter." Azazel growled. "Who, Meg?" Squirrel asked.
"That's right. Which means people are gonna keep showing up at the Hell House, running into him in person, somebody could get hurt." squirrel piped in. "Yeah, yeah..." Ed said offhandedly. "Ed maybe he's got a point, maybe...." Harry tried saying. "Nope." Ed said, crossing his arms. "No." Harry echoed. "We have an obligation to our fans, to the truth." Ed said, not taking his eyes off the Winchesters. "Well I have an obligation to kick both your little asses right now --" squirrel said, taking a step forward. Dean stepped in front of his counterpart, stopping him from stepping any further.
"Oh, sweetheart—you're dumber than you look. 'Cause even if Dad was in town, which he is not, he wouldn't walk into something like this. He's too good." (p)Dean mocked. As the other three people in the room were distracted  (f)Dean pulled out a switchblade to cut his ropes. learning from the first time he made sure not to make a sound. "He is pretty good. I'll give you that." Meg says as she walks over to him and sits down, straddling his legs. "But you see, he has one weakness." "What's that?" "
Cas hugged him back, closing his eyes and just enjoying the feeling of holding Dean in his arms. Neither knows how long they stood there like that but neither cared, they just wanted to enjoy the others presence. When they pulled away, more from knowing they had to go then actually wanting to, Cas let out a sad sigh. Dean in return gabbed Cas' hand and smiled at him "Better?" Cas nodded. "Much, thank you." he said as he gently squeezed Deans hand. They started walking to the others before Dean stopped, realizing something.
A woman sits by the bed, holding her hand. "I don't understand. I just came in for an appendectomy." Tessa said, confused. "Well, I hate to bear bad news, but I think there were some complications." Squirrel tells her. "It's just a dream, that's all. It's just a very weird, unbelievably vivid dream." Tessa said in denial. "Tessa. It's not a dream." "Then what else could it be?" she asked, turning to him. "You ever heard of an out of body experience?" Squirrel asked. "What are you, some new agey guy?" she asked him.
"Sure. I know.... You know, it's just that these roads. They're not real safe at night." young Dean says. The couple exchange a look. "I'm sorry?" the women asks. "I know it sounds strange, but, uh—you might be in danger." young Dean tried to warn them, his older self face palming. "Look, we're trying to eat. Okay?" the man said annoyed. "Yeah." Dean says he looks disappointed. "You know, my brother could give you this puppy dog look, and you'd just buy right into it." the bell above the café door jingles and someone walks in. Scotty comes out from a back room.
Getting in the car (f)Dean drove off. "Think they'll actually be back before someone dies?" Dean asked his brother. "Considering they saved Max and that they know what's gonna happen over the next 15 years I'd say it's a pretty high chance." Sam said looking at his brother.
Sam and Squirrel wait a beat, then take off to ensure the other rooms are clear. Dean and Sammy look at each other, knowing its now over. "Oh God. He's gone. He's gone." Ed said. "Did you get him?" Harry asked. "Yeah they got him." Ed said, calming down. "No, on camera, did you get him on camera." Harry clarified. "Ah, ah, I ..." Ed stuttered, fiddling with the camera. "Let me see it, let me see it." Harry said, reaching for the camera. Harry takes the camera and flips it open. Mordechai appears, slams his ax through the camera, forcing Harry to the ground and disappears again.
"You don't have a plan, do you?" Emily asked past Dean. "I'm workin' on it. Can you see?" past Dean said, slightly panicked, giving up on asking his future self for help. "What?" she responded. "Is he moving yet?" Dean helped. " I can't see." she told them. Oh my God." they both started panicking as they heard something walking towards them As it moves closer, past Dean tries to untie his ropes. "Oh my God!" Both Sams comes out from behind the trees.
Azazel and Alastiar had come back very angry, demanding to be told about the future. He refused to tell anything so Alastiar starts with the torture again. With the sound of distant fighting Azazel left the room, but told Alastiar to keep trying. Dean huffed, his everything hurt and he was very light headed from to much blood loss. Someone came into the room, Dean was to out of it to care. Just like Sammy, he passed out after being taken down. When he opened his eyes again he was looking up at the sky.
"You also don't have a pet angel to, how did Clarence always put it?" "Grip me tight and raise me from perdition." Dean said in a mock Cas voice. Sammy, Meg, and Dean laughed at Deans poor attempt at imitating Cas' voice. Sam and Squirrel looked at them confused but shrugged it off "We should start heading out." Squirrel said. Once the trio stopped laughing they nodded and everyone headed out to the Impala "So, who's sitting where?" Meg asked. "I'll drive, you, Squirrel, and Sam in the back, Sammy up front." Dean told everyone.
John is sitting by Squirrel's bed; Squirrel is standing nearby. "Come on, Dad. You've gotta help me. I've gotta get better, I've gotta get back in there. I mean, you haven't called a soul for help. You haven't even tried. Aren't you going to do anything? Aren't you even going to say anything?" he starts walking around the bed. "I've done everything you have ever asked me. Everything. I have given everything I've ever had. And you're just going to sit there and you're going to watch me die? I mean, what the hell kind of father are you?" He pauses, hearing something. "What is that?"
"You aren't gonna help me are you?" young Dean asks his counterpart. Dean shakes his head and starts walking back to the impala. Young Dean follows and they drive back to town.Getting back to Burkittsville gas station Dean pulls up in his car and they gets out. "You're back." "Never left." "Still looking for your friends?" The Deans nod. Noticing Emily's nameplate necklace he asked "You mind fillin' her up there, Emily?" she grabs a pump and starts filling up Dean's tank. "So, you grew up here?"
" John told them. The older Winchesters looked at each other and smiled "What are you two smiling about?"Squirrel asked, bring everyone's attention on them. Dean shrugged with a smile.
(f)Sam looked sternly at hos counterpart and spoke "Tell me what's going on. I'm you remember, nothing I won't understand." (p)Sam looked at the floor. "I had a dream of someone dying." "Oh, ya, that." (f)Sam said slowly. "I'll get my stuff, you go wake up our brothers." (f)Sam said turning to get his stuff. (p)Sam tuned and left the room to wake their brothers.
".....I know you can't tell me about the future but can you please tell me when Sam comes to his senses?" young Dean asked as he started driving again. "He'll be back before you know it, don't worry." Dean said, putting a hand on his younger self's shoulder.
Squirrel grumbled something under his breathe but didn't comment. Sam nodded, more thinking about facing more powerful demons then calling one by their name. "We have to save Dad, Sam, okay? We're gonna need all the help we can get." Squirrel said, pretending thorn wasn't there. "Squirrel, you know how pissed Dad would be if we used all the bullets? He wouldn't want us to bring the gun." Sam tried to explain. "Look, Azazel is gonna possess dad and no one is gonna shoot him. Leave the colt." Dean told his counterpart.
"Well, that's why we're here. To see what went wrong and stop it from happening again." (p)Dean told her. " Now, ma'am, you found the body?" (f)Sam asked. "Yeah." "Right after it happened?" (p)Dean asked. " No. Few days later. Meredith's work called—she hadn't shown up. I knocked on the door. That's when I noticed the smell." "Any windows open? Any sign of break-in?" "No, windows were locked, front door was bolted. Chain was on the door, we had to cut it just to get in."
"No, it's not." Dean said putting his hands in his pockets. John leveled a glare at him and scoffed "My family, my rules." John stated. Dean glared at him "Ya, that's not how this is gonna work. We came up with who had what name weeks ago, you know, after you left us." Dean told him. "So you don't really get a say in what we all get to be called." Dean continued. "Now, I go by dean and my brother here," Dean gestured to Sammy "goes by Sammy." John looked between them. "And what do
"Cas, when did you get so good at this?" Dean asked, throwing his head backward. Cas just hummed around him, continuing to lick and suck along Dean's shaft. "Cas," Dean moaned, rolling his hips into Cas. Castiel let go of Dean's cock, it sliding out of his mouth with a pop. "Angel, what are you-" "Rollover, ass in the air," Cas ordered. "Cas," once again Cas didn't let him finish. Roughly grabbing the base of Dean's cock Cas looked him in the eyes "Turn over, ass up. That's an order." he growled. Dean whimpered and rolled over, presenting himself to Cas.
The younger Winchesters did as told and went outside while Max and the older Winchesters went upstairs. "Okay, start explaining why there is four of you." Max told (f)Dean. "Not sure you're gonna believe me but me and him" (f)Dean gestured to his brother "are from the year 2020." Max looked at skeptically. "He's telling the truth Max." (f)Sam told him. "Let's say I do believe you, why are you here?" Max asked glaring at them.
Squirrel rolled his eyes "Stupid agreement." he muttered under his breath. Sammy ignored him and they walked up to the counter "Fellas. Can I help you with anything?" the guy behind the counter asked. "Yeah, are you Craig Thurston?" Squirrel asked. "I am." Craig said with a slight nod. "Well we're reporters with the Dallas Morning News. I'm Dean, this is Sam." "No way. Well I'm writer too. I write for my school's lit magazine." "We're doing an article on local haunting's and rumor has it you might know of one." Sammy piped in.
(p)Sam knocked on his brothers room door. (p)Dean opened the door "What do you need Sammy?" (p)Dean asked his brother. "We need to get going, wake up future you and meet us by the car." (p)Sam told his brother and left before he could say anything. (p)Dean shut the door in confusion and went to wake up his future self. He lightly shook his future self, (f)Dean blinking slowly and looking up at his counterpart. "Rise and shine, we're apparently heading out." he said before walking to get his stuff.
"But now you do." Sammy said. "I don't know what the hell to think, man. You guys, I--I'll tell you exactly what I told the police, ok? That girl was real. And she was dead. This was not a prank. I swear to God, I don't wanna go anywhere near that house ever again, okay?" Craig said. "Thanks."Sammy said and they headed out. "Don't suppose you'll just tell me what's going on?" Squirrel asked. "Now where would be the fun in that?" Sammy asked smirking.
The past Winchesters looked confused so (f)Sam chimed in "His real mother died...accident." the younger Winchesters nodded. (p)Sam puts his hand to his head and starts grimacing, his brother reaching over to him. "He's getting another vision." (f)Sam said, getting up and sitting next to his past self. (f)Dean does the same and waits for (p)Sam to calm down.
As (f)Dean started driving (p)Sam looked over to him "You wouldn't consider saving us time and telling us the rest of Max's story, would you?" (f)Dean sighed and thought it over. "We can, sure." (f)Dean finally said, his past brother smiled.
"How do we choose who gets a nickname?" (f)Sam asked his brother. "We draw sticks." (f)Dean said like it was the most obvious thing in the world. "Now" (f)Dean said "does anyone have any sticks?" "I have some straws." (p)Sam said, holding up four plastic straws. "Those will work. Sam give me some scissors." (f)Dean said looking to his brother. (f)Sam handed (f)Dean his scissors and (f)Dean cut two for the straws shorter. (f)Dean shuffled the straws and made sure no one could see which were the longer straws. "Alright, everyone pick a straw." (f)Dean said, both Sams grabbing a straw and (p)Dean reaching back to grab one. "Dammit." (f)Sam said, having drawn a short straw. "Son of a bitch." (p)Dean muttered.
"What the hell kind of spirit is immune to rock salt?" Sam asks. "I dunno. Come on. Come on come on!" Squirrel says. As they run toward the stairs Mordechai smashes his ax down, catching the shelves and bringing the jars crashing down on Dean. Mordechai and Sammy begins fighting. "Go! Get outta here!!" he tells their past selves. Mordechai smashes the electrical box and sparks fly everywhere. Squirrel and Sam bolt for the door, Dean and Sammy close behind. They book it out the door and break through the emergency tape and down the stairs.
"No need to do that boys." Bobby said, well, someone that sounded like him cause Bobby didn't open his mouth. Another Bobby stepped out of the house and stepped down the porch stairs. Squirrel and Sam stared in shock "Bobby." Dean said quietly. "Hey boys." Bobby said with a soft smile. Both Dean and Sammy ran and gave him a hug. The three men eventually let go of each other "Let's talk more inside." Bobby said. They all walked into the old house. Inside there are books stacked everywhere. It's untidy and cluttered with papers on every wall.
"Let's try this again, how did you get here?" Alastiar asked for the 15th time. Dean groaned and threw his head back "Again, we don't know." Dean tried. Alastiar tutted and shook his head "You're being really difficult." Alastiar said with mock sadness. "I don't know what the fuck you wanna here, I'm telling the truth!" Dean yelled frustrated. Dean had to spit out a mouthful of blood that had accumulated, Alastiar had been cutting at him for 30 minutes and he was now very bloody. "I wanna here how you managed to time travel." Alastiar told him. Dean groaned loudly "Why are demons so dense?"
"Actually, that's the plan." John told him, looking over. They head over to the cars so get some weapons.  The boys weapon up while John does the same from an automatic hidden compartment that slides from the back of his truck. Squirrel hands Sammy their extra machete while John hands Dean one. "So, you boys really wanna know about this Colt?" John asked them. "Yes sir." Sam said with a slight nod. "It's just a story, a legend really. Well I thought it was. Never really believed it until I read Daniel's letter...." John told them.
"Hey, what about me?" young Sam asked. "You can sit in the back with future you." Dean said, smiling at the young version of his brother. Both pairs of brothers got into the car "I'm driving next time." Dean said, looking at his younger self. "Fine, sounds fair enough." young Dean said as he started the car.
"Even 15 years later you had still fucked up my life. You taught me not to fucking feel, to be a fucking soldier and I grew up with that fucked up mentality my entire life and wanna know what happened? Every fucking relationship I EVER tried to have would end because I couldn't ever talk to them about anything that was wrong. I never got to tell my best friend that I loved him back before he died and I might never get the chance!" Deans voice kept raising as he spoke.
Meg nods absentmindedly. "I'm gonna get a drink now." Dean says awkwardly, walking back to the bar. "Sam, I'm sorry. It's just—the way you told me he treats you....if it were me, I'd kill him." Meg said once Dean had left. "It's all right. He means well." Sam told her, Meg nods. "Well, we should hook up while you're in town." Meg suggested. "You know what, that sounds great. Why don't you, uh—why don't you give me your number?" Sam takes out his cell phone and gets ready to input Meg's number. "312-555-0143." Sam typed it in. "You know what, I never got your last name." "Masters."she told him.
Alastiar growled and shoved a knife into Deans leg, eliciting a cry. Alastiar ginned maliciously and took the knife out. Dean hung his head and was breathing heavily "If you just told me how you got here we could be done." Alastiar said again. "God." Dean said. Alastiar tilted his head "What?" he asked confused. "We were fighting God." Dean continued. Alastiar tiscked in disbelief "We were winning but something happened and in a blinding flash of light we got shot backward to 2005." Dean fully explained, raising his head and looking Alastiar in the eye.
"So," (p)Sam started "I guess the Daevas didn't like being bossed around." "Yeah, I guess not. Hey, Sam?" (p)Dean asked. "Hm?" "Next time you wanna get laid, find a girl that's not so buckets-o'-crazy, huh?" (f)Dean chuckled, earning a jab in the side from (f)Sam. They all leave and head back to the motel.
Dean say down with his back to the bathroom counter, knees up and hands in his hair. His breathing was ragged and his mind kept replaying that moment over and over. He wanted to say it back, he did, he tried, there just wasn't enough time. Cas had pushed him out of the way, save him, again. A few tears slipped out of Deans eyes but that was it, the only thing that could be heard was his ragged breathing.
Cas chuckled "I am fond of you as well Squirrel." "I hate that nickname." Squirrel grumbled. "Blame Sammy, he picked it," Dean told his counterpart. Squirrel hopped into the driver's seat and Cas slid into the seat next to him. Dean sat next to Cas, leaving both Sam's to sit in the back. "Okay, will you guys explain a little more about what's going on?" Sam asked, looking between Sammy and Dean. "We're going to visit some friends," Dean says simply. "I don't feel like that says much," Sam muttered. "What do you mean?" Dean asked, turning to face him.
"He was a great guy." (f)Dean said and turned back around. The car was once again completely quite. (f)Dean started the car again and started driving "Thanks for answering our questions." (p)Sam said quietly. "No problem Sammy." (f) replied just as quite. Luckily the motel wasn't to far.
"Does Ash remember to?" Dean asked. "Yep, he's been wondering when you two were gonna show up," Jo replied. "You guys are already blaming this on us?" Sammy chuckled. "We've known you two long enough to know that most things strange tend to be your fault," Ash called out as he walked out of the back. "Is this cause we broke in and out of Heaven?" Dean asked. "That, and you raised the Devil. Fought with angels. The list goes on with you two." Ellen said. "Now, Ash is going to help you two and bring you a little up to speed," Ellen pointed to Squirrel and Sam.
(f)Dean pointed to his brother "I don't care about your opinion on this anymore. Your idea got us in this mess in the first place." (f)Sam sat back and stared at his brother but kept quite. "You two" (f)Dean pointed at their past selves "each get one question, and we will answer completely honest." "But-" (f)Sam tried to say but was interrupted by his brother. "No, Sam, your idea of not saying anything didn't work. All it did was cause arguing." (f)Sam didn't try to say anything again, seeing his brother wasn't budging.
Sam walked back into the library with his bag over his shoulder. "Great, let's go. Bye Max, we'll visit again soon." "Bye Max, keep safe." the Winchesters said, waving goodbye and walking to the garage. "Come back soon. Max yelled after them. Hopping into the impala Dean started driving "So, please explain more." Sam said, turning to look at his brother. "Remember the Daeva  and how Meg tried to Kill us and dad?" Dean asked. "Oh, do we have to do that again?" Sam asked cringing. "Yep."
Dean looked away, knowing his brother was right, messing with time never ended well. "Well, what are we gonna do then? How do we get back to our time?" Dean asked his brother, looking back up. "I don't know, but until we figure out how to get home we can stay with our past selves. No revealing the future Dean." "Alright, I won't mess with time." Dean said putting his hands up. Walking back to the motel room Sam and Dean waited by the impala for their younger selves.
Squirrel grabs for the spirit; he latches on momentarily before it hurls him back and then soars out of the room. The monitors slow, quiet. "We have a pulse. We're back into sinus rhythm." a nurse says. Squirrel runs into the hallway, looking for the spirit; it's vanished. Sam sighs in relief and backs into the hallway, watching from there. Squirrel comes back, stands by him. "Don't worry, Sammy. I'm not going anywhere. I'm getting that thing before it gets me. It's some kind of spirit, but I could grab it. And if I can grab it, I can kill it."
Cas sighed, glad there wasn't a fight, and turned back to Dean's room. He shut the door, took off his trench coat, and draped it on a chair. Cas laid down next to Dean and closed his eyes. He didn't need to sleep anymore but he could lay and rest, not much else to do. He felt Dean roll over and wrap an arm around his waist, cuddling up against his back. Cas smiled and put his hand over Deans. He was glad to be back and to be with Dean again. This time, he wasn't leaving.
"It was them all right. Looks like they're heading west. We'll have to double back to get around that detour." John told them. "How can you be so sure?" Sam asked. "Sam..." Dean said, knowing where this could head. "I just wanna know we're going in the right direction." Sam told Dean sharply. "We are."John said. "How do you know?" Sam continued to ask. "I found this." John said, handing something to Squirrel. "It's a....a vampire fang." Squirrel said surprised. "Not fangs, teeth. The second set descends when they attack." Dean told his counterpart.
Both men somewhat watched the show, mainly just enjoying the others company. 5 minutes later Dean seems to have fallen asleep. Cas moves Dean so that he is laying against Cas' chest. Cas reaches over for the remote to turn off the t.v but was stopped by the feeling of Dean kissing his neck. Cas quietly moans and grabs the back of Deans shirt "I thought you fell asleep." Cas muttered. "Nah, just closed my eyes for a little bit. Didn't know you were gonna move me though Cas." Dean said, smile evident in his tone. Dean started to bite and suck Cas' neck, moving to straddle him.
The future brothers took the distraction to be able to talk to each other. "Well, this is fun to sit through." Dean said sarcastically, turning around in the seat to face his brother. "Please son't do anything Dean, I saw you ready to start going off on young me." Sam said. Before they could continue talking young Dean got in the car and slams the door. "Sam, go with your young self." Dean told his brother. Sam got out of the car and ran to catch up with his young self.
"Yeah." the man said. "So, how long till you're up and runnin'?" Dean asked. "Sundown." the man told the Deans. " Really." young Dean says he thinks about it for a minute. "To fix a brake line?" the man nods. "I mean, you know, I know a thing or two about cars. I could probably have you up and running in about an hour. I wouldn't charge you anything." Dean said, tagging on with his younger self. "You know, thanks a lot, but I think we'd rather have a mechanic do it." the women tells them.
Back with the Deans were at Jorgeson General Store, asking if anyone had seen the couple. "You sure they didn't stop for gas or something?" young Dean asked, his older self in the store getting snacks. "Nope, don't remember 'em. You said they were friends of yours?" "That's right." "Did the guy have a tattoo?" asked a girl coming downstairs with some boxes. "Yes, he did." she puts the boxes on the counter and looks at the picture of Vince. "You remember? They were just married." "You're right. They did stop for gas. Weren't here more than ten minutes." "You remember anything else?" young Dean asked.
The Impala pulls up to a fast food outlet 'Rodeo Drive' that night. All the boys get out and walk in. Sam looks at the other three men "There were four people at house, three are here. We could get done quicker by interviewing them all at once. If one of you would help that is." Sam finishes, looking to the older Winchesters. Dean sighed "Fine, I'll help." Sammy looked at his brother, slightly skeptical. "I didn't even have to fight you on this, you feeling alright?" Sammy asked. "I just want to get this over with." Dean sighed, sounding tired. Sammy shrugged and went to his one table, the other three Winchesters off to go interview the witnesses.
Young Dean walked to the bathroom while young Sam went to make some coffee. "What the hell!" young Dean yelled when he got to the bathroom, young Sam pulled out a gun and went over. There he saw 2 Deans, one freaking out and the other, slightly taller and older looking, was panicking. "Don't shoot, I can explain." the older looking Dean said with his hands raised. "You better explain fast." young Sam said, aiming at the taller male.
"You two are acting off, what happened with Crowley?" Bobby asked more sternly. Dean sighed and looked back at Bobby "I'll tell you in the other room." Dean muttered and walked into the living room, Bobby followed close after. Once they were just out of earshot of the others Bobby crossed his arm and stared Dean down. Dean looked down at the ground before speaking "We ended up in an alternate universe," Dean started, Bobby looked bewildered. "We wanted to close the rift and trap Lucifer there." Dean explained. "We needed a sacrifice for the spell that closed the rift."
Sam gets up and goes over to John. "Dad? Dad?" he lightly shakes his father. John suddenly looks up "Sammy! It’s still alive. It’s inside me, I can feel it. You shoot me. You shoot me! You shoot me in the heart, son!" Sam aims the gun at John. "Do it now!" Squirrel gets up. "Sam, don’t you do it. Don’t you do it."  "You’ve gotta hurry! I can’t hold onto it much longer! You shoot me, son! Shoot me! Son, I’m begging you! We can end this here and now! Sammy!" "Sam, no." "You do this! Sammy!! Sam...."
Everyone hopped in the car and (p)Dean drove to the motel. "You can stay in our room while you wait, we shouldn't be gone long." Dean told Max as they all got out of the car. "Where are you going?" (p)Dean asked. "We have to do something. We have a place Max can stay but we need to do something first." (f)Sam told him. "Why can't we all stay there? And don't give me that 'No changing the future' crap." (p)Dean asked, raising his voice slightly.
"Yeah. Yeah, that's the problem." young Sam said. "Why? What's in Cali that's so important?" Meg asked, looking back at him. "Just something I've been looking for. For a long time." young Sam said, looking down. "Well, then I'm sure it can wait one more day, right?" Sam laughs. Meg extends her hand and younger Sam shakes it. "I'm Meg." "Sam." he said smiling. "Who's the moose?" Meg asked looking back to older Sam. "I'm Jack, his older brother." Sam said, shaking hands with Meg.
"And I fucking mean both you dick. Because of you I didn't have a childhood, I never got to actually be a kid. Because of mom my brother gets hunted by demons. She new what was going on that night, she made the deal." Dean continued, john finally stopped trying to interrupt. "She was willing to let my angel die for some stupid stuck up assholes that tortured me and Sam. You abandoned me and Sam CONSTANTLY and would fucking punch me, no matter how young I was, if I didn't protect him right. it didn't matter that I was a fucking kid that could barely take care of myself."
Sam swiped his phone back "No, that's not it." he tried to convince (f)Dean that he wasn't lying. "What's her name Sam?" (f)Dean asked. "Meg Masters." (f)Dean went silent. Sam honestly thought he hung up. "No, you guys don't become a thing. We do know her though..." (f)Dean trailed off. "We should be back soon, couple of hours or so. Don't do anything stupid." before Sam could say anything (f)Dean hung up.
(p)Sam calms down and looks at his brother "It's happening again. Something's gunna kill Roger Miller." all four brothers got up. (p)Dean making sure (p)Sam's okay consistently. (f)Dean hopped in the drivers seat along with (f)Sam, the past Winchesters getting in the back. (p)Sam got out his phone "Roger Miller. Ah no no,just the address please. Ok, thanks." he hung up and looked to (f)Dean. "Go to-" "450 West Grove, Apartment 1120." (f)Dean finished for him.
"Come on, we don't have much time." Sam said, shacking his head. They go down to the basement and look around. squirrel spies the jars and picks one up for a closer look. The pale red liquid sloshes around inside. "Hey Sam. I dare you to take a swig of this." Squirrel said smiling. Sam looked at what Squirrel was holding "What the hell would I do that for?" he asked. "I double dare you." Dean said smirking, his brother sighing heavily on the other side of the basement. Sam just shakes his head, looking away. Both Dean's laugh.
Both Deans were at the Community College talking to the professor. "It's not every day I get a research question on Pagan ideology." the professor said turning to look at the two men as they walked down the stairs. "Yeah, well, call it a hobby." past Dean said. "But you said you were interested in local lore?" "Mm-hmm." Dean hummed nodding. "I'm afraid Indiana isn't really known for its Pagan worship." the professor told them. "Well, what if it was imported? You know, like the Pilgrims brought their religion over. Wasn't a lot of this area settled by immigrants?" past Dean asked.
"You got something?" Sammy asked. "I dunno. Some scratches on the floor." Squirrel told him. "Death throes maybe?" Sam said. Squirrel nodded absently "Yeah, maybe." Dean grabs a page from a notebook, places it over the marks and rubs a pencil lead over it to get an outline "Or maybe a message." Dean said. Dean peels up the paper, which has a lot of blood on the back, and rubbings of characters; he hands the paper to Sam "Look familiar?" "Three letters, six digits. The location and combination of a post office box. It's a mail drop." Sam said. "Just the way Dad does it." Squirrel added.
Sam sighed and looked to the other side of the room where their older selves were talking to thorn "We could ask them." Squirrel just shakes his head. "Sam they ain't gonna tell us, hell, I think they're hiding something right now." Squirrel told his brother. Sam gets and starts crossing the room but John walks in "What are you doing?" he asked Sam. "Going to ask Dean and Sammy if we've been followed." Sam tells him. Sam walks over to the other and Squirrel takes the chance to talk to his dead- I mean dad.
Finally done. I hope you liked it......I don't know this is my first time travel fic so I'm not quite yet.
Sam and Meg just stared at each other for a bit. "Fine" Meg said "you got yourself a deal." they shook hands and Sam sat back down. Meg went back to her stuff and past Sam.
Sammy walks in the front door and goes to a fire alarm on the wall. Just as he's about to pull it a man comes walking down the hallway. Sammy moves to the stairs like he's going up them, but when the man leaves through the front door he quickly goes and pulls the alarm, quickly leaving the building.People are leaving and firemen are coming in. Dean comes up to one of the firemen "Hey, what's happening? Is it a fire?" "We're figuring that out right now, sir. Just stay back." the fireman moves Dean away.
(f)Dean sighed, knowing if they didn't deal with this soon someone was gonna start throwing punches. "If you aren't gonna be of any help you can kindly fuck off." (p)Dean said, yell, he more of yelled. (f)Dean growled and pulled the the impala to the side of the road. Stopping abruptly, everyone jerked forward. He turned around and glared at his past self you looked visibly startled. "Okay, that's enough." he yelled out, all attention was on (f)Dean.
"So, it was 2013. We were in our motel when a dude appears through our closet." Dean starts. John and Bobby both looked confused. "Soon after, a demon named Abaddon popped out as well, looking to kill him." "Said guy was part of a secret monster-hunting organization called the men of letters," Sammy added. "Oh really?" John asked, sounding skeptical. "To be honest we didn't really believe him either at first," Dean said. "And what was his name?" John asked. Sammy and Dean looked at each other and Dean took a breathe "Henry Winchester."
(p)Dean stares at his brother for a long moment. He looks back slightly at their future selves as well before turning back to his brother. "What?" (p)Sam asked. "Nothing. I'm just, I'm worried about you man." (p)Dean said shrugging. "Well, don't look at me like that!" "I'm not looking at you like anything." (p)Dean told him, looking away. Glancing back he does make a comment to nag his brother "Though I gotta say, you do look like crap."
Ellen stepped out of the Roadhouse with the younger brothers. "You boys have some explaining to do," Ellen yelled out. "Namely how we're back in time and what happened after Carthage." Ellen lowered her voice as she stepped closer. "You guys remember?" Sammy asked. "Remember your sorry asses and thinking it was a good idea to fight the Devil?" Jo asked, crossing her arms. Dean smiled at Jo and pulled her into another hug. "You boys get inside, I feel like we're gonna need a drink for this," Ellen said, waving at them to follow her.
"Oh, so you're already acquainted with me, that's fun." Alastiar said with a smile. "Well, if that's the case maybe you'd like to tell us how the hell you got here." Azazel tried again. "We already told you. We don't know, there was a flash of light and then we were in 2005.""  Dean tried again. Azazel shook his head and Alastiar smiled wider "Looks like I get to have some fun." Alastiar cheered. "How 'bout you first." Alastiar pointed at Dean. "Oh for fucks sake."Dean muttered under his breathe. Alastiar unchained Dean from the wall and walked him out into the hall.
"You really are future me? Awesome!" young Dean said, throwing his hands in the air. "Is future Sam also here?" young Dean asked, looking around the bathroom. Dean walked out of the bathroom "Sam, you can come out now." Dean yelled out, and Sam crawled out from under the table. "How long were you under there?" young Dean asked "A few hours." Sam said stretching. "So" young Sam started "Are you guys here tell us about the future?" both Sam and Dean looked at each other "Um...how about you guys get ready for the case dad gave you. We'll be outside, we need to talk in private." Sam said.
"Thanks for coming, Sheriff." young Deans looks nervous and frustrated. Scotty whispers something in the sheriff's ear, and they both look at the Deans, who look away. The sheriff walks over to them. "I'd like a word, please." the sheriff says to them. "Come on. We're having a bad day already." Deans says. "You know what would make it worse?" Dean nods and gets up, motioning for his younger counterpart to do the same.
"I wasn't hurt Dean. Well...maybe a little, I didn't realize it was that obvious." Cas muttered. "It's not obvious, it's that I know you Cas." Cas smiled and nodded. "Now, what do you need?" "I was hoping you would help me groom my wings," Cas said quietly. Ducking his head down. Dean leaned in closer "What, Cas you're gonna have to speak up." "I was hoping you would help me groom my wings," Cas said, louder this time but much faster. Dean still caught it, if just barely. "How? I've never seen your wings before?" "In a vessel, Angels can manifest their wings on a plain that humans can see," Cas explained.
(p)Dean looked confused for a second "How-Oh, right. Future." (f)Sam gave a light chuckle and shook his head. "The landlady said it looked like an animal attack. Maybe it was—werewolf?" (p)Dean asked looking hopefully at (f)Sam. "No, no werewolf, the lunar cycle's not right. Plus, if it was a creature, it would've left some kind of trace." (f)Sam told him. (p)Dean frowned and observes the blood on the carpet, seeming to notice something. "See if you can find any masking tape around." he told (f)Sam.
The boys had gone to the post office. Squirrel opens the post office box, Sam at his side. Squirrel removes a letter, stares, and shows it to Sam. They look at each other, confused. They walk back to the impala, where the older Winchesters are waiting. "'J.W.' You think? John Winchester?" Sam asked his brother as they got into the car, the older brothers in the back. "I don't know. Should we open it?" Squirrel asked, turning to look back at their counterparts for conformation. Before Dean could answer there is a knock on Squirrel's window.
Sammy nodded and followed out after his brother. Spotting him leaning against the impala Sammy walked over to him. "Hey, Dean, you okay?" Sammy asked him. Dean snapped out of his thoughts and looked up at his brother "Oh, hes Sammy." Dean muttered and went back to his thoughts. Sammy sighed and leaned against the impala next to his brother "Something's bothering you, and it's actually showing." Sammy said, crossing his arms. Dean looked to the side and stayed quiet. "Cas?" Sammy asked. "Cas." Dean said quietly, nodding. They were both silent for a little while.
"Hey." both Sams said back. "You two again." "What happened to your ride?" young Sam asked, his older counterpart looking at his phone. "You were right. That guy was shady. He was all hands. I cut him loose." she told him. "Where you two trying to go?" she asked, looking at older Sam. "Just trying to get to California." Sam said, looking up from his phone. "No way, me too." she said, sounding surprised. "You know, the next bus isn't until tomorrow, right?" she asked looking between them.
"Dean" Sammy said calmly "there was no way you could have stopped it." he said. Dean huffed, ran his hands through his hair and turned around to walk away. "Where are you going?" Sammy asked. "Somewhere else." Dean barked back to his brother without stopping or turning around. Sammy grumbled, knowing that following Dean was pointless. Squirrel and Sam walked out of the cafe and over to Sammy "We're heading to Colorado." Squirrel said, looking around. "Where is future me?" Squirrel asked looking to Sammy. "He stormed off and won't listen to me." Sammy said, running his hands through his hair.
Sammy and Dean both chuckled awkwardly "Ya, that's a long story." Dean said "That also involves time travel." Sammy added. "Well, you can tell me the story on the way there."John said, his voice holding no room for argument. "And I'm tagging along. You need to catch me up to speed on what I missed after I died."Bobby told them. With that they all went back inside. "Great, now I'm sorry to say but some of you got to find another place to stay cause I can't house 8 fuckin' people." Scruffy grumbled.
The four brothers come down the hallway dressed in full fireman gear – helmets, breathing apparatus, etc. They are following Thorn, his is glancing at each door they pass. "I always wanted to be a fireman when I grew up." Squirrel commented. "You never told me that." Sam said. Before either could say anything else Thorn stopped walking "This room." she said. Dean knocked on the door "This is the fire department. We need you to evacuate." he yelled. The door unlocks and the boys shove it open. A woman is thrown backward as the group come through.
"You three should go to the nearest clearing if you want to wait and see them when we come back." Cas told them. "Why a clearing?" Sam asked. "Pulling a soul out of Hell causes a small angelic blast."Cas explained. Before anyone could ask anymore questions Cas disappeared. "Let's get me checked out and head to the nearest clearing." Squirrel said, looking to his dad and brother. Sam nodded and went to talk to a doctor about getting his brother discharged. "Is this really a good idea?" John asked. "We need to meet them and get out of town. Cas is are best bet."
"What was your plan here? Why didn't you tell us dad was possessed?" Sam asked them. "There was nothing we could have done." Dean told him. "You told me you guys memorized the exorcism incantation." Squirrel glared at his counterpart. "Thorn was to close, we couldn't get rid of Azazel without exorcising her as well." Dean told him. Squirrel got more angry "Stop caring about a demon!" Squirrel yelled. Azazel looked back and forth between both Deans as they spoke. He turned to look at Thorn, who had her arms crossed and was staring deadpan at both Deans.
She nodded "Saw him in every Sunday at St Augustines. He always seems...seemed, so normal. I guess you never know what's going on behind closed doors." "Guess not." (p)Dean said staring straight ahead. "How did...ahh. How are they saying it happened?" (f)Dean asked. "I heard they found him in the garage, locked inside his car with the engine running." "Do you know about what time they found him?" (f)Sam asked her. "Oh it just happened about an hour or two ago. His poor family. I can't even imagine what they're going through."
I'm sorry for being dead for so long, I got preoccupied with some of my other stuff. I'll try to update more often :)
Dean and Squirrel had been fixing the Impala for 2 hours when Dean's phone starts ringing. He grabs it out of his pocket "Who's calling?" Squirrel asked. "Dad," Dean said briefly before answering. "Hey dad, why are you calling?" "I had an idea, I need you to go somewhere," John told him. "Alright, can't promise anything but where do you want us to go?" "A...well she's not exactly a friend might need some help. I need you to go to Nebraska. A hunter Roadhouse." "The Roadhouse? Gotta go dad." Dean quickly hung up the phone and raced inside.
"You know, we could have some fun. I always like to make new friends." She lowers him to her level and kisses him, still holding his cheeks tightly. Another vamp watches, smiling. Dean grimace's harshly "Oh. Whuf. Sorry. I don't usually stay with a chick that long. Definitely not eternity. Not to mention I got another guy in mind." Dean continued to snark. An arrow pieces the other vamp's back. A second later the same happens to Kate. "Dammit." Kate says Looking down at the point sticking out of her chest.
By the next afternoon the future Winchesters had returned. (p)Dean was pissed they took the impala for so long but his ranting fell on deaf ears, (f)Sam used to tuning out his brothers ranting about his car and (f)Dean just not caring. They packed up their stuff and got in the car, Deans in the front, Sams in the back. "You sure you don't want to tell us where you took him?" (p)Sam asked his counterpart. "We're sure." (f)Sam said smiling.
Sam sighed "What do we know about the first victim. Any connection?" Dean asked. "Not that I can tell—I mean, not yet, at least. Ben was a banker, Meredith was a waitress. They never met, never knew anyone in common—they were practically from different worlds." Sam said. "So, to recap, the only successful intel we've scored so far is the bartender's phone number." Dean smirks. Sam noticed something on the other side of the room. Dean looked around. "What?" Sam gets up and begins walking away. "Sam?" Sam continues to walk away.
"Funny, but that’s all part of your M.O., isn’t it? Masks all that nasty pain, masks the truth." Azazel replied.  "Oh, yeah? What’s that?" "Why do you have to bring it up." both Deans said at the same time. "You know, you fight and you fight for this family, but the truth is they don’t need you. Not like you need them. Sam – he’s clearly John’s favorite. Even when they fight, it’s more concern than he’s ever shown you." Azazel continued. Squirrel glared and Dean looked away.
Sam and Dean returned back to the motel by about midnight, having successfully gotten the key to the bunker (don't ask how). Knocking on (p)Sams door, (p)Sam was luckily still awake, Max was right behind him. "Let's go Max, it's a long drive." Dean said. Max smiled and waved goodbye to (p)Sam, getting in the impala.
All the Winchester brothers are in a room, Sam and Squirrel are packing. Dean is eating a burger while Sammy is reading. John enters "So boys." They turn to face him. "Yes sir." Sam says. "You ignored a direct order back there." John said. "Yes sir." Sam nodded. "Yeah but we saved your ass." Squirrel told him. Sam looks sideways at Squirrel, nervously. John looks steadily at Squirrel who swallows. "You're right." John finally says. "I am?" Squirrel asks. "It scares the hell out of me. You two are all I've got. But I guess we are stronger as a family. So...we go after this damn thing. Together."
"We've dealt with way worse then Meg. Besides Meg is somewhat on our side now." that didn't seem to help John feel any better. They walked their separate ways, the older Winchesters and Meg heading to their car. "So, do have a plan for where to stay?" Sam asked. Meg shook her head "Not really, can't really go back to hell. Don't want to actually." "You could stay in the bunker." Dean said. Meg nodded, there was silence in the car for majority of the trip.
The Deans are driving by the orchard when they hear a noise coming from the backseat. "What the hell?" young Dean pulls over and reaches into his bag. He pulls out the EMF meter, which is beeping frantically. He looks at his older self who doesn't say anything but looks back at him.
"Yeah." Azazel turns to Squirrel "You know, I never told you this, but Sam was going to ask her to marry him." he backs up toward Sam. "Been shopping for rings and everything." he turns to Sam. "You want to know why? Because they got in the way." Azazel answered. "In the way of what?" Sam asked. "My plans for you, Sammy. You... and all the children like you." Azazel explained. "Listen, you mind just getting this over with, huh? Cause I really can’t stand the monologuing." Squirrel groaned. "Ya, I got bad news. Almost every supernatural asshole we meet is gonna monologue." Dean told his younger self.
(f)Sam shook his head "Not really no." Meg got up and walked over to him. Kneeling down in front of him and smiling, obviously about to say something. A noise on (p)Dean's side of the room makes her stop. She gets up and walks behind (p)Deans's post. She sees he has a knife in his hand taking it away and tossing it into a corner. Meg swings around to the other side of the post, and smiles at (p)Dean, who chuckles guiltily.
The boys are sitting in a cafe Squirrel is flipping through a newspaper, Sam on his laptop. Sammy and Dean are sitting next to them, not really paying attention. "Well dude. Not a decent lead in all of Nebraska. What've you got?" Squirrel said folding up the paper. "Well, I've been scanning Wyoming, Colorado, South Dakota. Here. A woman in Iowa fell 10,000 feet from an airplane and survived." Sam said. "Sounds more like 'That's Incredible' than, uh, 'Twilight Zone'." Squirrel shrugged. Dean grabbed a napkin and tapped on his counterpart. Squirrel looked over at him "Can I borrow your pen?" Dean asked.
"Dean, start moving, or I will make you move." Cas growled. Dean smiled and lifted himself up Cas' cock. He stayed with just the tip inside until Castiel looked at him. Dropping down Cas keened at the feeling of the hunter slamming down onto him. Quickly after Dean started a fast pace of bouncing on Castiel's cock, spearing himself over and over. Cas thrusted his hips up, meeting Dean each time he dropped down. Deans breath was ragged and his legs were quaking. "Cas, I'm close." Dean moaned, looking down at the angel.
"Do you know where Azazel might have taken future us?" Sam asked. Castiel thought for a bit "If Crowley isn't in charge then I think the only place he could take them without you interfering is Hell."Cas stated. "Oh. Well how are we supposed to help them?" Squirrel asked. "
(f)Sam and (p)Dean are at an apartment building in Chicago, Illinois. They stop their car across the street and get out, dressed as employees of the alarm system company. (p)Dean gets a toolbox from the trunk of the car, and they proceed towards the apartment. "All right, Dean. This is the place." (f)Sam said looking at the building. "You know, I've gotta say Dad and me did just fine without these stupid costumes. I feel like a high school drama dork." (p)Dean said smiling "What was that play that you did? What was it – Our Town. Yeah, you were good, it was cute."(f)Sam just gave his brother a bitch face "Let's just go."
Azazel waited for Thorn and Sammy to wake before saying anything else. "Now, you three are going to tell me how you got here. How did you time travel?" Azazel told them. " What makes you think we'll tell you anything?" Sammy asked. "Cause if you don't tell me willingly then I'll just get our best torturer to draw it out of you." Azazel informed them. "We don't know how we got here." Dean told him. "Is that your final answer?" Azazel asked. "It's our only answer cause it's true." Sammy tried to explain. "Alright, can't say i didn't warn you."
"I told 'em how to get back to the Interstate. They left town." "Could you point me in that same direction?" "Sure." older Dean walked out of the store at this point in the conversation, sighing. He didn't want to go through this again.
Hearing a groan come from the floor Dean turned around and saw Sam sitting up. "What happened?" Sam asked while looking around. "Not sure, there isn't any trace of Jack or Chuck and a bunch of our stuff is here." Dean told him, going to help him up. "We should find out where we are, maybe theirs a phone around here somewhere." Sam said continuing to look around the room, probably for a phone.
"It's in the hospital, what you're hunting? Do, do you know what it is?" "One question at a time, dude." Squirrel said, shaking his head. "What is it?" Sam asked. The pointer slides again during the following, to R, E, A, P. "I don't think it's killing people. I think it's taking them. You know, when their time's just up." Squirrel said. "A reaper. Dean. Is it after you?" Sam asked. The pointer slides to YES. "If it's here naturally, there's no way to stop it." Sam tells his brother. "Yeah, you can't kill death." (everyone reading this just yelled bullshit)
"Don't know what you're talking about." Dean said, making Sam growl. "No, you don't get to do that. Tell us what happens." Sam barked out. "No, we're trying not to destroy the timeline!" Sammy yelled at his counterpart. "Bullshit, what happens?" Sam yelled back. "We'll cross that bridge when we come to it." Dean told Sam. The three continued arguing and Squirrel was tired of it already "If you three don't stop fighting right now I'm pulling over!" he yelled. "No!" the three yelled back at him. Squirrel growled and pulled the impala onto the side of the road.
"Ya, don't worry, I have a plan." Dean said. Neither said anything for a second "You aren't gonna tell me are you?" "Nope." The four elders started walking away "I hope your apple pie is freakin' worth it!" past Dean yelled after them. "So, what's the plan?" Emily asked. "I'm workin' on it." past Dean told her, turning to look at his counterpart.
"So if someone betrays their own species to help another they are not to be trusted?" Thorn asked. "If it's to fight their own kind I don't believe it." Squirrel told her.  "Okay, when Clarence shows up I'm not letting him anywhere near past you." Thorn told Dean, crossing her arms and glaring at Squirrel. "Thorn I didn't know any better back then." Dean told her. "Exactly, so until you get common sense you don't get to be near Clarence." she stated. "The main reason I got better was because of Cas. He helped me so much. If you don't let me near him I won't learn."
"You. He lets his guard down around his boys, lets his emotions cloud his judgment. I happen to know he is in town. And he'll come and try to save you. And then the Daevas will kill everybody—nice and slow and messy." (p)Dean glared at Meg. " Well, I've got news for ya. It's gonna take a lot more than some....shadow to kill him." "Oh, the Daevas are in the room here—they're invisible. Their shadows are just the only part you can see." Meg told him smiling.
Sammy rolled his eyes as he walked up beside Dean "Ya, you don't believe a lot of things. Doesn't mean they're not true." Sam muttered, John glaring at him. "I came over here to tell you the name situation. So neither you nor us get confused later." Dean said, not wanting to get in a fight after just waking up. John looked back to him "What about the name situation? My boys are Sam and Dean, that's that." John said matter of factly, crossing his arms. Dean just rolled his eyes.
(p)Dean pulled the car to the side of the road and stopped the car. Turning in his seat as well to face his both versions of his brother. "You two" he gestured to their older counterparts "need to start talking. This needs an explanation." "We can't tell you anything." (f)Sam told him. "No, you just don't want to tell me. You're fine with breaking your no spoiling the future rule with past you." "That is not true." "Oh really? Cause it seems like he's gotten some pretty large clues so far." "Dean you're being ridiculous."
Meg took a deep breathe and calmed down, Squirrel still glared at her but didn't say anything. "Guess we're closer then I thought." Dean muttered to himself. "You two have been switching up the past over the last few months, what's one more?" Meg asked him. "This is extremely different Meg. We'd be changing a Major character Death, I don't know about you but we tend to have a lot of that." Dean told her. "Exactly, you've had to watch a bunch of people you care about die. You finally have a true chance to save them and your telling me you're just gonna throw that away?"
"Why tell him about Michael?" Cas asked. "They seemed pretty close last time we saw them together. He needs to know what chuck did to Michael, and that Michael tried to help Chuck." Dean explained. Cas and Sammy nodded in understanding. Suddenly the Roadhouse door flew open, Jo stepping out. She looked straight to the three men by the Impala. Jo ran up and hugged Dean. Dean was startled but hugged back, looking at Sammy confused. When Jo pulled back she looked Dean up and Down "You got old." she muttered. Dean blinked at her confused.
"Sam, we've been looking for Dad all year. Now we're not with him for more than a couple of hours and there's static already?" Squirrel asked his brother, both older Winchesters trying not to say anything. "Hmph. No. Look, I'm happy he's okay, all right? And I'm happy that we're all working together again." Sam said.  "Well good."Squirrel nodded. "It's just the way he treats us, like we're children." Sam said, unable to help himself. "Oh God." Squirrel groaned. "He barks orders at us Squirrel he expects us to follow 'em without question. He keeps us on some crap need-to-know deal." Sam said angrily.
"What I mean is you are from 14 years in the future so you've had to have made a bunch of friends by then. Just saying that we're going to see friends probably doesn't narrow it down." Sam said exasperated, his voice rising slightly. "Can we not start arguing? We have a bit of a long drive ahead of us and I don't want to have to deal with a tension-filled car the entire drive." Squirrel said frustrated. Cas put his hand on Dean's shoulder to calm him down before he could retaliate. Sammy quickly distracted Sam, starting to talk about a book he found at Bobby's.
The Sams and Meg are sitting at a table with beers and different foods around them. "So, what, are you on some kind of vacation or something?" young Sam asks, Meg laughs. "Yeah, right. It's all sipping Cristal poolside for me." they laugh. "No. I had to get away from my family." "Why?" young Sam asked, looking at his older self, who was being very quite. 'I love my parents. And they wanted what's best for me. They just didn't care if I wanted it. I was supposed to be smart. But not smart enough to scare away a husband." young Sam smiles. "It's just...because my family said so, I was supposed to sit there and do what I was told. So I just went on my own way instead." Sam stares at her. "I'm sorry. The things you say to people you hardly know."
The future brothers go back to their conversation. "Ha ha, very funny." (p)Sam said sarcastically. "heh heh heh. Sorry, not a lot of scenery here in East Texas, kinda gotta make your own." (p)Dean said smiling. "Man we're not kids anymore Dean. We're not going to start that crap up again." (p)Sam said slightly irritated (p)Dean looked over to his brother confused "Start what up?" "That prank stuff. It's stupid, and it always escalates." "Aw, what's the matter Sammy, scared you're going to get a little Nair in your shampoo again huh?" (p)Dean asked his brother condescendingly.
Thorn heard a knock on her door and got up to answer. Sammy stood at at the door, leaning against the doorway "Hey, can I stay in your room tonight?" he asked. Thorn raised a questioning eyebrow at him "" Dean and Cas are having sex in the room." he told her. "Well it's about fucking time those two got it on." she laughed. "Ya, but now I don't have a place to sleep." Sammy grumbled. "You can stay in here." Thorn said, moving to let him in.
It was late at night, the Deans are driving back to Burkittsville. "Do you think we can catch the couple before they leave town?" young Dean asked his counterpart who was driving. "No, it's to late. We need to get the orchard and get them out." Dean said, staring at the road. "How do you-.... Thought you said you weren't aloud to reveal the future." young Dean said smiling. "I'm not, never said I couldn't help you though." Dean said looking at his younger self from the corner of his eye.
It was the next day, (f)Dean and (p)Sam went back to the Miller house in their priest get ups. "My Mom's resting, she's pretty wrecked." Max tells them as they head to the lounge. "Of course." (f)Dean said. "All these people kept coming with like, casseroles? I finally had to tell them all to go away. You know cause nothing says I'm sorry like a tuna casserole." (p)Sam smiles and Max smiles back.
Castiel grabbed both sides of Dean's face and leaned down, bringing Dean into a rough kiss. Dean moaned and grabbed Cas' hips. Cas broke away from the kiss and growled lowly. He grabbed Dean's wrist and quickly shoved the next to his head. Cas' wings raised into the air in a display of dominance, his eyes glowing with his grace. Dean was breathing heavily, pupils blown. Dean's body jerked, looking for friction. The motion caused Cas to slide from his midsection to his waist. Their erections rubbed together causing them both to moan. Dean looked up at Cas passionately and slowly rolled his hips against Cas.
Dean quietly got out of the shower and peered around the bathroom door frame. "Dad, it's me. Where are you?"... "Yes, sir."... "Uh, yeah, I got a pen. What are their names?" Dean watched as his younger self put down the phone after the call ended. "Get dressed Sammy, we gotta get going." young Dean said while standing up. Dean ducked back into the bathroom and Sam curled up more under the table (how? you ask, because the moose has amazing hair that's how)
(f)Sam knew he really messed up "Dean I'm sorry, I shouldn't have brought him up." (f)Dean stayed quite. "Who-" before (p)Dean could finish his question his future self interrupted him "No one important, just keep driving." (p)Dean turned back around and started driving. Everyone was silent for the rest of the drive.
He runs salt along the window sill. Dean helps John down onto the street and Squirrel and Sam move ahead of them. Sam is suddenly attacked by the man who was with Meg in Lincoln. He pins Sam down on the street and starts beating him to death. Dean passes John to Sammy and goes to Sams aid. "Sam!" Squirrel ran over to help his brother. Squirrel runs over and kicks the man in the face, but it has not effect. Squirrel is suddenly thrown onto a parked car, shattering the windshield, and the man goes back to beating Sam.
The older Winchesters looked at each other for a second "We seriously didn't think vampires existed?" Dean asked. "Apparently not. Forgot about that." Sammy replied. "Wait, so you know about vampires and didn't tell us?" Squirrel said exasperated. "I forgot you didn't know vampires were real. We've been dealing with so many monsters for so long it's hard to remember when we didn't know about them." Dean said. "Especially since vampires are pretty common." Sammy added. "How long have you two been hunting?" John asked them. "About 15 years." Dean told him. "Learned a whole heck of a lot too." Sammy tacked on.
"Why didn't you come in Dad?" Sam asked softly. "You know why. Because I had to make sure you weren't followed.... by anyone or anything. Nice job of covering your tracks by the way." John told them. "Yeah, well, we learned from the best." Squirrel says looking a little proud. Sam rolled rolled his eyes "We also had a little help." Sam said, looking to John. "Damn right you did. Stop trying to hog the credit." Dean said lightly wacking Squirrel on the head, making both Sam chuckle. John looked between the four of them like they were acting strange "You all seem to be getting along." he said.
Both Sam's started laughing, "That's all you got? Weak. That is bush league." Squirrel says, giving them a dirty look. The other three Winchesters hopped in the car "Sammy, you know the rules, don't mess with my car." Dean said, turning back to look at his brother. Sammy just smirked "I would like to point out that you started this."Sam told him, Dean glared. "When we deal with Gabe next year you're on your own." Dean said, looking between the two Sam's. Sammy looked appalled, Sam just looked confused. "Better yet, Sammy, I'm gonna turn on your favorite song." Dean said before reaching for the radio, heat of the moment started playing on the radio.
Sam tries to fight the force that has him pinned to the wall, but fails. "I'm gonna kill you!" Sam barked, glaring at Azazel. "Oh, that'd be a neat trick. In fact," he puts the gun down on a table "here. Make the gun float to you there, psychic boy. Either of you." Sam looks at the gun, but nothing happens. Azazel looks to Sammy who just glares. "Well, this is fun." he walks over to the window beside Dean "I could've killed you a hundred times today, but this," Azazel sighs "this is worth the wait."
Dean nodded his head and kept walking while Sam called his counterpart. "Hello?" (f)Dean answered. "Oh, Dean. Hi." (p)Sam said "Didn't expect you to answer." "Ya, Sorry. Sammy's in the shower right now. Anything I can help with?" "Actually ya, maybe." before Sam could say anything else (p)Dean took the phone. "Hey me." (p)Dean said into the phone. "What are you two up to?" (f)Dean asked. "There's this chick Sammy is into. Wants to know if they become a thing at all." (p)Dean said.
"The one in the alley? That was my boy. You understand." "You’ve got to be kidding me." Squirrel sighed out, looking at the ceiling. "What? You’re the only one that can have a family? You destroyed my children. How would you feel if I killed your family?" he smiles at Squirrel. "Oh, that’s right. I forgot. I did. Still, two wrongs don’t make a right." Dean banged his head against the wall to get Azazel's attention. "Quick question." Dean said after Azazel turned to him. "And what would that be." Azazel asked, sounding annoyed. "How does your family work exactly?" Azazel tilted his head in confusion.
Both pairs of brothers and Emily started running through the orchard, trying to get out. "Alright," past Sam started "now, this sacred tree you're talking about—" "It's the source of its power." Dean said, turning his head to see past Sam. "So let's find it and burn it." he suggested. "Nah, in the morning. Let's just shag ass before Leather Face catches up." past Dean said. The five of them reach a clearing, waiting for them are the elders and a few other townspeople. "This way." Dean said, they turn around but they are blocked in all directions.
"And the alarm was still on?" "Like I said, bang-up job your company's doin'." she said crossing her arms. "Mmhmm. You see any overturned furniture, broken glass, signs of struggle?" the landlady shakes her head. "Everything was in perfect condition—except Meredith." "And what condition was Meredith in?" (f)Sam asked. "Meredith was all over. In pieces. The guy who killed her must have been some kind of a whack job. But I tell you, if I didn't know any better, I'd have said a wild animal did it." (p)Dean looked at (f)Sam. (
It was mostly a quite drive, no one really having or wanting to say anything, "Alright," young Sam started from the backseat "So, the names Dad gave us, they're all couples?" "Three different couples. All went missing." "And they're all from different towns? Different states?" "That's right. You got Washington, New York, Colorado. Each couple took a road trip cross-country. None of them arrived at their destination, and none of them were ever heard from again." "Well, it's a big country, Dean. They could've disappeared anywhere." "Yeah, could've. But each one's route took 'em to the same part of Indiana. Always on the second week of April. One year after another after another."
They closed the trunk again and walked over to the nearby river, they step up by some trees and look out. "I think I know what Meg meant by Sunrise." Squirrel said, pointing towards an apartment building. They all look over and see an apartment building with a sign out front that says "Sunrise Apartments".  Son of a bitch. That's pretty smart. I mean, if these demons can possess people they can possess almost anybody inside." Squirrel muttered. "Yeah, and make anybody attack us." Sam said. They looked to their older counterparts "Got any ideas?" they asked at the same time.
Sammy nodded "Ya-" he started but was interrupted by Dean "But we need to get something to eat." Squirrel nodded in agreement with his counterpart. "Alright, food it is then." Sammy said. Both Deans smiled and Dean started driving. "Can you give us some background while we drive?" Sam asked, turning to look and his older self. "Well there isn't a Mordechai but there was a Martin Murdock who lived in that house in the '30s. He did have children but only two of them, both boys, and there's no evidence he ever killed anyone."Sammy said.
A few hours later a phone rang, waking one of the people up. "Hello?" said someone who sounded like Sam, Dean silently freaked out thinking his brother blew their cover and Sam was even more confused under the table. "Dad? Are you hurt?" both brothers paid close attention to the one side of the conversation they could here. "We've been looking for you everywhere. We didn't know where you were, if you were okay."..... "We're fine. Dad, where are you?" the other person who was previously asleep could be heard getting up.
"Sam! Get the altar." (p)Dean told his brother. (p)Sam walks over to the altar and overturns it. Suddenly, the shadow demon appears and grabs Meg. She is dragged across the floor and crashes through the window, falling down to the street below. (p)Sam grabs his knife and cuts (p)Dean free from his ropes. They all walk over to the window and see Meg sprawled on the sidewalk, "dead".
(f)Sam frowned and looked at his brother "I don't like how we fought about me going back to school, especially since it never happened." (f)Sam shrugged. They were all quiet for a bit. "We should get going." (f)Dean said, grabbing a few weapons. Everyone else followed suit and headed out the door.
They turn to look back as they reach the cars. "Dad?" Squirrel yells. "Dad!!"Squirrel yells louder when he doesn't see John. After a long pause John comes running up the slope. As soon as they see him the boys turn to leave. "They won't follow. They'll wait till tonight. Once a vampire has your scent, it's for life." John tells them. "What do we do now?" squirrel asked. "You gotta find the nearest funeral home, that's what." John tells them. The younger Winchesters look at each other confused before looking to the counterparts.
"You better call." Meg mocked a stern voice while smiling. "Scout's Honor." Sam said. "I hope to see you around, Sam." he smiles at her and walks away. Sam turned around and Walked out of the bar with Dean. "Who the hell was she?" Dean asked as they walked down the street. "I don't really know. I only met her once. Meeting up with her again? I don't know, man, it's weird." Sam said, pulling out his phone. "Who you calling Sammy?" "Future me. I want to know if he'll tell me more about Meg."
Sam dives and grabs the gun off the table. Azazel turns to him, eyes yellow once again, and Sam aims the gun at him. "You kill me, you kill Daddy." Azazel tells him. "I know." Sam says and fires the gun, shooting Azazel in the leg. He falls down and so does Dean and Squirrel. Sam gets up and goes to his brother. "Squirrel? Squirrel, hey? Oh God, you’ve lost a lot of blood." "Where’s Dad?" Squirrel asked. "He’s right here. He’s right here."  "Go check on him." "Dean." "Go check on him."
Dean yelped when a sharp hand came across his rear "Now none of that. You are a stunning masterpiece and anyone who doesn't see that is a fool." Cas said as he laid himself across Dean's back, gravel voice next to his ear. Dean moaned quietly and rocked back against Cas. Feeling the angel's erection press against his ass. "Cas," "Alright Dean, you've been patient long enough." with a thought Castiel willed away the rest of their clothes. Dean moaned loudly in surprise when a wave of warmth washed over him, his hole suddenly wet and stretched. "Cas, what did you do?" Dean asked as the angel sat up onto his knees.
With all Winchesters being attacked not one could get up "Close your eye!" someone shouted before the whole room was lit up by a flair. "Come on, get out of the room!" (f)Sam helped John up and the other three Winchesters were able to get out on their own. Exiting the building they looked around. "Who threw the flair?" "Over here boys." a woman said from their right. She had a little longer then shoulder length brown hair, pail skin, brown eyes and was 5'4.
The Sams are standing on the side of the road. They turn around and sees a young girl with short blonde hair, sitting with her back to him. She is listening to music. Sam recognize's her, he remembers them meeting. He can't warn his younger self though, so when he walks up to her Sam just follows. "Hey." young Sam says, she can't hear him. He walks over to her and puts his hand on her shoulder. She jumps and takes off her headphones. "You scared the hell outta me." "I'm sorry. I just thought you might need some help." "No, I'm good, thanks." "Uh, so where you headed?" "No offense, but no way I'm telling you two."
"Well, he sustained serious injury: blood loss, contusions to his liver and kidney. But it's the head trauma I'm worried about. There's early signs of cerebral edema." the doctor explained. "Well, what can we do?" "Well, we won't know his full condition until he wakes up. If he wakes up." "If?" "Oh screw you doc, I'm waking up." Squirrel said dismissively. "I have to be honest most people with this degree of injury wouldn't have survived this long. He's fighting very hard. But you need to have realistic expectations." The doctor continued.
It was night once more, all brothers were back at Hell House. Having distracted the cops that were watching the house they headed inside. Looking around trying to find Mordechai. "So you think old Mordechai's home?"Squirrel asked. "I don't know." Sam said. "Me either." Ed said from behind them. All the brothers spin around, pointing their guns at Ed and Harry. "WHOA!! WHOA!!" Ed yelled, putting his hands up. "What are you trying to do, get yourself killed?" Sam asked them, all Winchesters lowering their guns. "What are you trying to do, get yourself killed?" Sam asked.
"Well, I've got a Yorkie upstairs and he pees when he's nervous." "Sir, you have to stay back. Sam and Squirrel move behind them to the fire truck. They find a compartment and Sam picks the lock. They grab some fireman equipment and sneakily slip away. Sam and Squirrel meet back up with their counterparts "Is this gonna work?" Squirrel asked. "Well it did the first time." Dean said. "Technically for us this is the first time." Sam muttered. "Shut it with your facts Sam." Dean grumbled.
"Nah, you can't get rid of us that easy." Dean said with a light chuckle. Max smiled "How long are you guys gonna be here?" "rest of the day, lot going on later tonight though. Sorry." Sam said giving a sympathetic look. Max sighed "It's fine, just wish it wasn't so lonely here." "Guarantee you you'll get a roommate soon. Lot of people we're saving this time around." Dean told him.
"Please tell me we're done for the day." (p)Dean said, turning to look at his counterpart as they walked to their room. (f)Dean just shrugged. "Not helpful me, not helpful." (p)Dean said, shacking his head. "Why didn't you leave that stuff in the car?" (f)Dean asked (p)Sam. "I said it before, and I'll say it again—better safe than sorry." (p)Dean unlocks the door and they enter the room. They see the outline of a man standing by the window.
"What the hell was that." John said, glaring at Sam. "We need to talk." Sam tells him. "About what?" John asked, coming to a halt face to face with Sam. "About everything. Where we going Dad. What's the big deal about this gun." Sam said, voice raising at the end. "Sammy, come on, we can Q and A after we kill all the vampires." Squirrel said, lightly grabbing his brother by the shoulder. Sammy pulled him off though and brought him further back while Dean stepped up next to Sam.
"Look Meg, I know you aren't gonna do anything right now but leave me alone." Meg looked at Sam confused. "I don't know what you're talking about." she said, acting innocent. Sam looked her in the eyes "I know you're a demon Meg." Sam said flatly. Meg stared at him in shock "And that you're working for Azazel." Meg took a step back. "I'm not gonna do anything, not really like I can. So" Sam said, standing up from the table "lets make a deal, I don't tell him" Sam pointed at his past self "that you're a demon and you don't tell Azazel about me."
"You ain't mad that I like dupes?" Dean asked. John pulled away slightly and looked down at Dean "Did I ever make you think that was a problem?" He looked between Dean and Sammy and they both slightly nodded "A little." Sammy muttered. "I never meant-that isn't a problem Dean." John said as he finally let go of Dean. Dean sat up and and scooched  back a small bit. "Is it the person you called angel?" John asked. "Uh.." Dean trailed, Sammy snorting and covering his smile with his hand when John looked over.
"Hey. How stupid do you think I am?" he asked. Azazel's eyes start glowing "You really want an honest answer to that?" Two possessed men in lab coats stalk by and take positions behind John. "You conjuring me, John. I'm surprised. I took you for a lot of things. But suicidally reckless wasn't one of them." "I could always shoot you."John tells him. "You could always miss." Azazel laughs "And you've only got one try, don't'cha? Did you really think you could trap me?" he asked. "Oh, I don't want to trap you."John tells him, lowering the gun. "I want to make a deal." Azazel looks intrigued.
His step-mother had unfortunately came over "Max, what's happening?" she asked. "Shut up." Max told her. "What are you doing?" he doesn't answer her. Instead Using his power, Max flings Ms. Miller backwards. She hits her head on the kitchen bench and falls to the ground unconscious. "I said shut up!" (p)Sam tried to defuse the situation. "Max calm down." "Who are you?" Max asked them. "We just wanna talk." "Yeah right, that's why you bought this!"  Max said, indicating to the gun.
It was night once more Dean leans over the open bonnet of the Impala, looking at the engine on the side of the road. "Car trouble?" a woman's voice asked. Dean turns around to see Kate "Let me give you a lift. I'll take you back to my place." she offers. "Nah I'll pass. I usually draw the line at necrophilia." Dean said smiling. "Oooh." Kate says before she backhands him. Another vamp approaches. She grabs his face and lifts him into the air. "I don't usually get this friendly until the second date but..." Dean said, grabbing her wrist.
One person laid down on one of the beds and soon started snoring, the other didn't lay down immediately but instead went over to the table. Sam help his breathe and didn't move a muscle, luckily whoever was in there didn't know he was there and eventually went to sleep as well. Neither bother moved from their hiding spot for hours, just sitting and waiting for the residents to leave.
"How do you know this?" Max asked him. "Cause I was in it." Sam told him. "Why are you telling me all of this now?" Maxed asked the brothers. "Because you never originally made it." Dean told him, taking all of Max's attention. "What-" "You ended shooting yourself." Sam stated. Max looked to the ground again "We don't want that to happen, we want to help you." Sam said, stepping closer to Max. "We can't really do that unless you want us to though. It's completely up to you."
There was the sound of Cas' wings flapping and a rush of air. "Alright, Dean," Cas said softly. When Dean opened his eyes they were in a field, a cool breeze blowing through the air. Nothing but grass, trees, and mountains to be seen for miles. "Where'd you take us Cas?" Dean asked as he let go of his angel. "Somewhere in nature," Cas replied. "Oh, he thinks he's funny now." Dean chuckled glancing over at Cas. Cas smiled and sat down on the ground, Dean soon sitting beside him. Cas leaned over and laid his head on Dean's shoulder. Dean glanced to Cas "There something you need Angel?"
"No, no, it's okay. I know how you feel. Remember that brother I mentioned before, that I was road-tripping with?" Meg nods. "It's, uh, it's kind of the same deal." "And that's why you're not riding with him anymore?" young Sam shakes his head. Meg raises her beer bottle. "Here's to us. The food might be bad, and the beds might be hard. But at least we're living our own lives. And nobody else's." young Sam taps his bottle against hers and they both drink.
Dean looked at the ground "He's not wrong. Not all monsters deserve to die." Dean muttered. "I just couldn't help but remember Benny." Dean confessed. Sammy sighed before reaching over and gently squeezing his brothers arm "Of course not all of the deserve die Dean, and I'm sorry about Benny. I know how much he meant to you." Dean gave a half smirk at that. "Are you sure about that?" Dean asked. "What? Of course. You told me." Sammy asked. "Did I tell you I dated Benny?" Sammy went silent for a second and stared at his brother.
Dean pulled into Bobby's junkyard in one of the cars from the bunker, John really wanted to keep his truck. "Okay, I'm gonna go see other me. He's gonna be in the back fixing the Impala." Dean said, starting to walk away. Cas followed close behind. "Alright, let's head inside and figure out where we're going next," Sammy said, looking to Bobby. Dean and Cas rounded the house, finding Squirrel under the Impala.  It is little more than a rusted frame, but it looks considerably less crunched than last time. "How's the car coming along?" Dean asked.
"Well congratulations guys. That sounds really great." Sammy says. "Yeah. That's awesome, best of luck to you." Dean told them. "Oh yeah, luck. That has nothing to do with it. It's about talent. Sheer unabashed talent." Ed said, sounding really full of himself. They all nod at each other. Ed and Harry get in their car and drive off. "I have a confession to make." Sam said. "What's that." Squirrel asked. "I, uh...I was the one that called them and told them I was a producer." Sam said smirking. Squirrel laughed "Yeah well I'm the one who put the dead fish in their back seat."
The older Winchesters exchanged looks, knowing what was about to happen. "What's wrong with you?" (p)Dean asked. "Ahh My head." (p)Sam making anguished noises and sinking from the bed to crouch on the floor. (p)Dean gets up from the bed and crouches next to (p)Sam "Sam? Hey." he grabs (p)Sams arm "Hey! What's going on? Talk to me." he looked at their future counterparts. "He's having another premonition." (f)Sam told him.
John turns around "Who are you?" the man steps forward, more into the light. "I am Castiel. I am an Angel." he says. John looks at him disbelievingly, Azazel and the other two demons took a step back. "There is no such thing as Angels."John scoffed. "John Winchesters you are an idiot so shut your mouth." Azazel muttered to him. "You are not doing anything with this man." Cas stated, looking at Azazel. "Now hold on," Azazel exclaims, taking a step forward. "You can't just come in here and interrupt my deal." Cas glares at him.
Sam looks over to where Squirrel was, confused. Squirrel wanders the halls, then hears a girl yelling. "Can't you see me? Why won't you look at me?" "Now what?" Squirrel grumbles. "Somebody talk to me! Say something, please!" "Can you see me?" Squirrel asked her. "Yeah."
Sammy and Dean both cross their arms and stay quiet, for now. Squirrel turns to look at John's truck as Sam overtakes it and passes it. Once in front Sam slams on the brakes, causing the Impala to swerve sideways in front of John's truck. They both stop. "Oh crap. Here we go." Squirrel muttered as Sam gets out of his car. "Sam!" Squirrel yells, following him out of the car. Sam and John, who is also out of his truck, look angry. Dean turns around to look at his brother "Can I intervene without you yelling at me?" He asked. Sam nodded and they both got out of the car.
(f)Meg shook her head and grabbed a chair "Just get the rope." she told him. Dean, grateful for the change of subject, ran of and grabbed the rope. (f)Meg handed the chair to Sam "Here you go." "why aren't you gonna do it?" Sam asked. Both Megs gave him a deadpan look before pointing to the ceiling. "Oh, right, forgot." (f)Meg just walked away to find Dean. They both came back with rope after about two minutes. Dean tied (p)Meg to the chair "You know, if you wanted to tie me up, all you had to do was ask." she told him, smiling.
"Get out of here, now!" Sam yells at them. "We're out of here."Ed says. Squirrel and Dean are in the other room splashing kerosene everywhere. Mordechai lifts Sam off his feet with the pressure of the ax at his throat. Sammy runs in and  holds up a spray bottle and lights the gas, a plume of fire appears. "Go go go!" Sammy yells. Sam runs past him, Sammy follows, pulling Sam as he stops and leans over, holding his throat. Both Deans are already waiting by the door "Mordechai can't leave the house, we can't kill him -- We improvise." Squirrel tells Sam.
"Once. We were, uh...we were investigating this old house and we saw a vase fall right off the table..." Ed told them. "By itself." Harry tagged on. "Well, we, we we we didn't actually see it, we heard it. And something like that...it uh...it changes you." Ed stuttered out, trying to act cool. "Yeah. I think I get the picture. We should go, let them get back to work." Squirrel said to his brother. "Yeah, you should." Ed said. Harry looked back over at the older Winchesters "Who are you two?" he asked. "The fuckers from Texas." Dean said with a smirk and half a solute.
Squirrel is sitting on the bed, Tessa behind him. She strokes his hair tenderly. "It's time to put the pain behind you." Tessa said. "And go where?" "Sorry. I can't give away the big punchline. Moment of truth. No changing your mind later. So what's it going to be?" "He is going to come with me." Castiel said, appearing in the room. Tessa looked over and glared at him "I thought your kind stopped coming down here." she said. "Well, I'm an exception." Cas said, slightly shrugging his arms. "You can't do this. It's against the rules."
I AM SO SORRY IT TOOK ME FOREVER TO FINISH THIS. I promise the next chapter won't take as long to publish. Again, really sorry. Hope you enjoy the chapter
Though (f)Dean already knew about everything he still played along "Ms Miller you have a lovely home. How long have you lived here?" "We moved in about five years ago." "The only problem with these old houses. I bet you have all kind of headaches." "Like what?" "Well, weird leaks, electrical shortages, odd settling noises at night. That kind of thing." "No, nothing like that. It's been perfect." Ms.Miller said shacking her head. "Huh. May I use your restroom." "Oh sure, it's just up the stairs." (f)Dean rises, taking another cocktail sausage.
Sammy nodded "Understandable. We should start driving anyway, the bunkers a ways away." he said. "Okay, when will you guys be back?" Squirrel asked, coming out of the kitchen. "Next week probably. Have to get things settled." Dean said. "Okay, we can take my truck." John told them. The past Winchesters looked at their dad confused "Why are you going?" Squirrel asked. "I...I need to talk to you boys." John said, before going to talk with them upstairs. "I'll go find Thorn." Sammy said, heading back out. "Who all is going with you?" Scruffy asked. "Cas, Thorn, Dad, and Bobby." Dean listed.
"I can't explain it. The edema's vanished. The internal contusions are healed. Your vitals are good. You have some kind of angel watching over you." the doctor said. "Thanks, doc. The doctor leaves; Squirrel turns to John and Sam. "Okay, can you two catch me up to speed? Who is he?" Sam asked, pointing to Cas who was standing in the corner. "That's Cas, he saved my life." Squirrel told him. "Wait? Cas as in the angel we know in the future?" Cas looked at them confused. "How do you know that?" Cas asked them.
"All right, about a month or two ago this group of kids goes poking around in this local haunted house." "Haunted by what?" "Apparently, a pretty misogynistic spirit. Legend goes, it takes girls and strings them up in the rafters. Anyway this group of kids see this dead girl hanging in the cellar." Once again the older Winchesters looked at their counterparts "Are we going to Richardson, Texas?" (f)Dean asked. "Ya...why?" (p)Sam asked turning around again. (f)Dean ignored him and turned to look at his brother "We don't have to deal with them again do we?" (f)Sam cringed.
It was the next day when the Winchesters went to the vampire nest, Johns nose patched up after Dean socked him in the face. They watch as some vamps head into the barn "Son of a bitch. So they're really not afraid of the sun?" Squirrel asked from his spot. They were hiding in the trees. "Ahh, direct sunlight hurts like a nasty sunburn. The only way to kill 'em is by beheading. And yeah, they sleep during the day." Dean told his counterpart. "Doesn't mean they won't wake up." John added. "So I guess walking right in's not our best option." Squirrel said.
I wonder if that's what happened to that 911 couple." he pondered. "That's probably what Dad's thinking. Course it would be nice if he just told us what he thinks." Sam said grumpily from the backseat. "So it is starting." Squirrel said looking back at his brother. "What?" Sam asked defensively.
Cas stared at Dean for a few seconds, the look of adoration turning to one of hunger. Cas pulled out of Dean and laid on his back on the ground. Dean quickly climbed onto Cas and sank down on Cas' cock. Both men moaned in unison. Cas gripped onto Deans hips and thrusted up, not liking Deans lack of movement. The sudden movement causing Dean to fall forward. Catching himself, his fingers accidentally gripping Cas' wings. The angel cried out, his true voice ringing in the air, back arching, and wings fluttering. Cas came inside of Dean.
"Call me if you guys find dad." past Dean says. "OK. Bye, Dean." they hang up. Meg wakes up and moves next to Sam. "Who was that?" Meg asks. "My brother." Sam said looking up at her. "Which one?" Meg asks tilting her head. "The one my brother Sam was road tripping with." he said smiling. "What'd he say?" "Nothing important."Sam said looking to the side. "Really? Cause it seemed important." Meg said, moving into his line of sight.
When he does calm down he looks to his brother "Max is doing it. Everything I've been seeing" "You sure about this?" (p)Dean asks his brother, subtly glancing at their future counterparts. "Yeah, I saw him." "How's he pulling it off?" "Telekinesis." both older Winchesters say at once. The past brothers look at them "What so he's psychic, a spoon bender?"
There is a long pause. "You're leaving again ,aren't you. You still wanna go after the demon alone. You know, I don't get you. You can't treat us like this."Sam said slightly frustrated. "Like what?" John asked him defensively. "Like children." Sammy responded. "You are my children. I'm trying to keep you safe." John said looking at both Sams. "Dad, all due respect but, uh, that's a bunch of crap." Squirrel said flatly. Sam and John both look at Squirrel, shocked. Sammy smiles in approval. "Excuse me?" John asked as if he hadn't heard Squirrel the first time.
Dean and Cas walked into the Roadhouse holding hands "Found him." Dean said as they walked through the door. "Where the fuck have you two been? It's been over an hour." Ash asked. "We got caught up in something." Cas excused. Sammy side eyed them and gave a skeptic look. "Alright, so you guys are leaving for a bit?" Squirrel asked, walking over. "That's the plan, yes. We won't be gone for to long though." Sammy explained. "We should probably get going." Dean said. "You boys come and visit soon." Ellen yelled at them.
"Because we con confirm dads story. Samuel Colt did make a gun that could kill almost anything." Dean told them. "Almost?" Sam asked. "There are only 6 beings in all of creation it can't kill." Sammy added. "Do you know what these 6 things are?" John asked them. "Ya actually, we met all 6 of  'em at one point or another." Dean said shrugging. "How do you know it wouldn't kill them? Did you shoot all of them?" Squirrel asked. "We shot one of them but he was only knocked out for a small bit." Dean said, grimacing at the memory.
Sighing (p)Sam got in the backseat with his older self "There is one more problem." he says. "And what would that be?" (f)Dean asks. "There is four of us, I guarantee that is to many people." they all exchanged looks, he did have a point. "Okay, you and I will go and talk to them tomorrow." (f)Dean said. "What!?!?" both Sam's yelled at once. "I actually feel better with that." (p)Dean said. "Why?" (f)Sam asked. "Because, you two know more then we do, so if anything else from the future pops up at least one of us will know how to handle it."
Dean hummed and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel, Zeppelin playing loudly in the Impala. Sammy was sitting next to his brother and Meg was in the backseat. Sammy turned to look at her "Why did you want to come again?"he asked her. "The bunker was getting boring, there's only so much I can take of being stuck in one place for so long." Meg replied, looking out the window. "Fair enough." Sammy said as he turned back around. They weren't to far from the motel the younger Winchesters were staying but Sam wanted to hurry, he had a bad feeling.
(p)Meg scoffed and looked to her counterpart, obviously not believing him. (f)Meg just nodded. (p)Meg looked horrified "An angel? You have to be kidding me!" she yelled in disbelief. "To be fair the angel is hat as fuck." Dean said. Everyone stared at him "Did I say that out loud?" Dean asked. Everyone nodded "So you two finally actually happened?" (f)Meg asked. Dean blushed and stuttered a bit before answering "N-not really. He told me but we never actually- there was a thing- we never actually-" Dean rambled, never actually finishing a sentence.
"What tree?" Emily asked. "Maybe you can help us with that. It would be really old. The locals would treat it with a lot of respect, you know, like it was sacred." Dean said. "There was this one apple tree. The immigrants brought it over with them. They call it the First Tree." "Is it in the orchard?" past Dean asked. "Yeah, but I don't know where." the cellar door opens and the four elders are standing there. "It's time." past Dean and Emily look at each other, nervous. 'Here we go again.' Dean thought, rolling his eyes.
Craig looked from Squirrel to him "You mean the Hell House?" Craig asked. "That's the one." Squirrel said, putting on a smile. "I didn't think there was anything to the story." Craig said, slightly confused. "Why don't you tell us the story." Sammy said. "Well, supposedly back in the '30s this farmer, Mordachai Murdoch, used to live in this house with his six daughters. It was during the Depression, his crops were failing, he didn't have enough money to feed his own children. So I guess that's when he went off the deep end." Craig told them.
"I think it's a definite possibility." "But I don't understand. What's the significance of Lawrence? And how do these Daeva things fit in?" Sam asked. "Beats me. But I say we trash that black altar, grab Meg, and have ourselves a friendly little interrogation." "No, we can't. We shouldn't tip her off. We've gotta stake out that warehouse. We've gotta see who, or what, is showin' up to meet her." Sam reasoned with his brother. "I'll tell you one thing. I don't think we should do this alone." Sam nodded.
"I'm Dean from the future, 15 years to be exact." older Dean said with his hands still raised. "How do we know you're telling the truth and that you're not a shapeshifter?" young Dean said, looking at him skeptically. "Silver hurts shifters, give me a silver knife and I'll prove I'm human." Young Sam went and got a silver knife and gave it to older Dean. Dean gave himself a small cut on his arm "See? Not a shifter." he said, handing the knife back to young Sam.
When john looked back at Dean his nose was bleeding and there was a good chance it was also broken. John stared and Dean in shock, not ever expecting any version of his sons would punch him in the face. Before John could say anything Dean stormed over to him and grabbed him by the shirt once more. "You have NO idea what we have been through. No idea what we deal with because both our parents are both fucking assholes." Dean yelled at him. John quickly steadied himself at the mention about Mary but again Dean beat him to the punch.
Turning on the EMF meter it started to beep frantically. "So, you talked to the cops?" (f)Sam asked? "Uh, yeah." he smirked "I spoke to Amy, a, uh, charming, perky officer of the law." "What'd you find out?" "Well, she's a Sagittarius. She loves tequila, I mean—wow. Oh, and she's got this little tattoo—" "Dean!" (f)Sam yelled, catching (p)Deans attention. "What? Yeah. Uh, nothin' we don't already know. Except for one thing they're keepin' out of the papers." "That her hearts was missing." (f)Sam finished for him.
Everyone looked around "Meg as in the demon Meg?" Bobby asked. "Ya, the one from our time, sort of our time, is here. She saved our asses from her past self." Dean explained. "You two- er, four, have been fraternizing with a demon?" Scruffy asked. "It's not the first- well, actually, it's their fist time" Dean said, pointing to the younger Winchesters. "But for us this is not the first time we've hing with demons." Dean continued. "Speaking of demons what ever happened to Crowley?" Bobby asked. Sammy coughed and looked at the ground and Dean looked to the side.
Walking out of the bathroom he bumps into Sam "Anything?" (p)Sam asked. "Nope." he told his brother, putting on a smile. (p)Sam frowns at him "Will you please tell me what we're dealing with?" (p) Sam pleaded. "I already told you Sammy." (f)Dean said heading back towards the stair. (p)Sam follows him and they head back down together.
This wasn't gonna end well. That was all Cas could think. Sammy and Dean were by the fridge and John were against the island. Cas went over to stand by Dean "So, you boys finally gonna tell me about this place?" John asked, sounding bitter. "Well, the good news is that we don't have to convince you of time travel first," Dean said, taking a sip of his coffee. John and Bobby gave him a questioning look. "Okay, dad you might wanna take a seat for this," Sammy said. John sat opposite Bobby and looked to the brothers.
"You see me messing with crystals or listening to Yanni? It's actually a very old idea. Got a lot of different names: Bilocation, crisis apparition, fetches... I think it's happening to us. And if it is, it means that we're spirits of people close to death." Squirrel explains. "So we're going to die?" Tessa asked panicked. "No. Not if we hold on. Our bodies can get better, we can snap right back in there and wake up." Squirrel tries to reassure her. Squirrel and Tessa are walking down the hallway. "I gotta say, I'm impressed." "With what?" Tessa asked.
A little into the ride (p)Sam told his brother what was going on. He had called the police and was reading from a Michigan State Police ID. "McReady. Detective McReady. Badge number 158. I've got a signal 480 in progress, I need the registered owner of a two door sedan, Michigan licence plate Mary-Frank-six-zero-three-seven. Yeah okay, just hurry." "Sammy relax. I'm sure it's just a nightmare." his brother tried to reassure him. The older Winchesters exchanged looks and kept quite.
Jack grabbed chuck, taking his power, the brother got up quickly before they felt something tugging at them. They were shot back like a slingshot had thrown them, there was a bright blinding light and then everything went black.
"With who? With the Daeva?" "No, you said those things were savages. No, this was someone different. Someone who's giving her orders. Someone who's comin' to that warehouse." Dean thinks for a moment and glances at some files on a nearby table. He sits down at the table and looks through them. "Holy crap." "What?" "What I was gonna tell you earlier—I pulled a favor with my –" Dean clears his throat – "friend, Amy, over at the police department. The complete records of the two victims—we missed something the first time."
"I'll talk to him- me- you know what I mean." Squirrel said, jogging after his counterpart. After catching up with Dean Squirrel slowed down to walk beside him "Mind telling me what's up?" he asked. Dean gave him a side glance but said nothing, making Squirrel huff "You've been acting like this for weeks just tell me." Squirrel said, slightly frustrated. "I mean, I'll understand better then anyone since, you know, I am you." Squirrel said nudging Dean with his elbow. Dean stopped walking and looked at the ground, closing his eyes and taking a deep breathe he turned to face his counterpart.
It had been close to a week, things finally seemed to be getting into a rhythm. John seemed to have settled down. It was time for them to get moving again. Dean pet through Cas' hair as he scrolled through his phone. Cas was laying on his chest, listening to his heartbeat. They heard a knock on the door "Hey, pack your bags. We're planning on leaving in 2 hours." Sammy called through the door. "'Kay, we'll meet you in the garage," Dean told his brother. They heard Sammy walking away and Dean tapped Cas on the head.
"Squirrel--Squirrel, hey, hey, just, forget it, all right? These guys ..." Dean sighs "probably bitch slap them both, I could probably even tell them that thing about Mordechai ... but they're still not gonna help us. Let's just go." Dean said, turning to walk away. "Whoa.. whoa..." Ed and Harry said, suddenly interested. "Yeah, you're right." squirrel said, turning as well. All four brothers start walking away, Ed and Harry trailing after them. "What you say about...?" Ed said. "Hang on a second here." Harry said, trying to get them to stop walking.
"Ok well we'll make it quick. We need you to shut down your website." Dean said. Ed laughed and turned to Harry "Man, you know, these guys got us busted last night, spent the night in a holding cell..." "I had to pee in that cell urinal. In front of people. And I get stage fright." Harry said. "Why should we trust you guys?" Ed asked the Winchesters. "Look guys. We all know what we saw last night, what's in the house. But now thanks to your website there are thousands of people hearing about Mordechai." Sammy told them, shoving his hands in his pockets.
(f)Dean sat up in bed and rubbed his eyes "Why are we leaving?" he asked his past self. "Don't know, Sam just came and told me we were heading out." "Alright then, let's go." Standing up they got dressed, grabbed their stuff and headed out to the car. Both Sam's were already their and got in the back, the Dean's getting in the front.
Before he could talk himself out of it, Dean licked a stripe up Cas' wing. Causing the Angel to gasp and fall forward. He caught himself before covering his mouth with a hand, body shaking. "Cas? You okay?" Dean asked, leaning to the side to try and see Cas better. In the blink of an eye, Cas turned around and pounced on Dean. Shoving him to the ground and straddling his midsection. Dean huffed, the wind getting knocked out of him from the force. Cas was breathing heavily, pupils were blown wide with lust. Dean swallowed and chuckled nervously "Cas?"
"Dean?" "Dean." both Sam's said at once, one confused and they other casual. "Oh! Oh, I take everything back I said. I'm so happy to see you. Come on." past Dean said relieved. The Sam's begins untying their respective brothers from the tree. "How'd you get here?" past Dean asked his brother. "We, uh—we stole a car." past Sam told his brother. "Haha! That's my boy! And keep an eye on that scarecrow. He could come alive any minute." "What scarecrow?" the Dean's get up and see the scarecrow's post is empty. Past Dean and Sam exchange a nervous look.
(f)Dean sighed 'I get Sam but how did Cas put up with me?' suddenly Dean remembers all the times Cas beat the shit out of him for being an idiot 'Never mind'. "Look, would you rather have more saved people or know more about the future?" (f)Dean asked his counterpart. (p)Dean looked to the ground, already knowing what his answer would be (f)Sam gave Max the key to his room. "You two can share a room while we're gone." he said gesturing between (p)Sam and Max.
Sam walked up to Max entirely and held out his hand. Max handed him the gun and Sam passed it back to Dean. "Thank you." Sam said relieved. "Now, I have a plan to help with the space time continuum." Dean said, putting away the gun." Sam and Max looked at him. We have a secret hideout you can stay but we need to get the key first. Until then are you okay with staying here?" both Dean ans Sam looked at Max.
The older Winchester brothers chucked nervously "We don't really know," (f)Sam said "One second we're dealing with an overpowered 3 year old and the biggest douche in the universe. Next we're in a motel room and it's 2005." (f)Dean finished. "Did you two follow most of that?" John asked the Past Winchester brothers. They shook their heads lightly, (f)Sam face palmed "Dean, that was not a needed explanation." (f)Dean sighed. "We don't know why we're here or how to get back. There, that better?" The other three Winchesters nodded.
"I came here when I was thirteen. I lost my parents. Car accident. My aunt and uncle took me in." "They're nice people." "Everybody's nice here." "So, what, it's the, uh, perfect little town?" Dean asked, his younger self looking surprised that he said anything. "Oh, didn't know you could talk." Emily said looking at Dean. "Not one for talking." Emily nodded. "Well to answer your question, it's the boonies. But I love it. I mean, the towns around us, people are losing their homes, their farms. But here, it's almost like we're blessed." the Dean's nod.
He got a thoughtful expression then turned to their older counterparts "Is he connected to the house?" as usual the older Winchesters didn't respond. "What's the point of having your futures selves around if they aren't gonna be any help?" (p)Dean growled. "Dean" (p)Sam started on his brother "No, Sam, this is ridiculous. They never say anything, never help. They said they would help with small stuff but they don't even do that." (p)Dean said, glaring ant their future selves.
An arrow pierces one of the vamps and all four Winchester brothers run out of the trees, Dean and Sammy pause to line up and shoot 2 other other vamps with their crossbows. Sam and Squirrel move toward Luther who backhands Sam and knocks him into Squirrel. Luther grabs Squirrel while Sam is still dazed. Dean grabs a machete and turns to help but Luther has his arm around Squirrel's throat. "Don't! I'll break his neck. Put the blade down." For a moment Dean does nothing. Luther tightens his hold on Squirrel's neck, cutting off his air supply completely. Dean drops the machete, Sammy and Sam doing the same.
Cas hummed in approval, pulling his jeans and boxers down to his knees. He massaged Dean's thigh before spread his cheeks apart and licking around his rim. Dean's body jolted in surprise causing Cas to growl. Cas slapped his thigh "Stay still." Dean nodded his head. Cas went back to work. Smoothing his tongue around and over Dean's puckered hole. Dean gave a wanton moan, gripping the grass beneath him. When Cas moved back he took a second to admire the hunter. "You, Dean Winchester, are stunning." Dean squirmed a little from the praise. "Not-not really Cas." he mumbled.
"Besides," Dean said "future us knows her right? There is now way she's evil, we wouldn't keep her around if she was." Dean told his brother. "Guess you have a point. Now what about the symbol?" "Yeah, that I did have some luck with." Dean said looking down at his research. "It's, uh—turns out it's Zoroastrian. Very, very old school, like two thousand years before Christ. It's a sigil for a Daeva." "What's a Daeva?" "It translates to "demon of darkness". Zoroastrian demons, and they're savage, animalistic, you know, nasty attitudes—kind of like, uh, demonic pit bulls."
"Gah, what the hell?" Dean exclaims quietly as he doubles over in pain. "Dean, what's going on?" Sammy asked growing more concerned. "I don't know. My head's killing me." Dean told his brother. Dean lets go of the machete and falls drops to his knees, holding his head with both hands. Sammy crouches beside him instantly and hold his brothers shoulder "Dean we should get you out of here." Sammy says, looking back the way they came in. Squirrel rushes over as Dean falls forward and rests his forehead on the ground. "What's wrong, what happened?" he asked, looking at Sammy.
(p)Sam slightly glared at (f)Dean "Maybe it was the fact you said you remember and knew her." he said a bit bitterly. "You did what now?" (f)Sam looked at his brother. "They asked and I didn't think it would be a problem." (f)Dean said shrugging. (f)Sam face palmed and sighed "We can't really talk about it." (f)Sam said making both younger Winchesters sigh. "Let's just get ready to go." (p)Dean said, not wanting to fight about it right now.
Back at the motel the brothers had split up to their rooms. Squirrel was on his bed, drawing the symbol. "Where have I seen this before? It's buggin' the hell out of me." He muttered to himself. Dean sighed "It's a symbol for a band. The ghost is actually a tulpa." Dean sat up and looked at his past self. "It's why the rock salt didn't work." Squirrel says. "But how is word getting around about Mordechai?" Squirrel asked. "Ed and Harry. Their website tells the legend of Mordechai. Their story changes, the tupla changes." they got up to go get their brothers.
Dean and Sammy glanced at each other. "Maybe we go to Lincoln. Start at the warehouse where he was taken." Squirrel suggested, glancing at Dean. "Come on, Dean, you really think these demons are going to leave a trail?" Sam asked. Meg sighed loudly "You two are complete moran's!" Meg yelled out. "You're chasing after past me AND you have your, and I'm gonna emphasize this, FUTURE selves who have been through this already. Don't you think that it might be more helpful to ask one of the three of us for some help?" yelled at them, looking between Squirrel and Sam.
The brothers spray the couple with holy water from their tanks, making sure not to hit Thorn, and it burns them. Dean punches the man and shoves him into a closet. "Come on!" Dean yells. Sam grabs the woman off the table and shoves her in as well. Dean and Sammy lean against the door and it lurches as the demons inside try to get out. "Hurry up!" they both yell. Sam grabs a canister of salt from the duffel bag and runs a line around the closet door. As soon as he finishes it the pounding stops.
Sam looks torn as his brother and father yell at him. He looks over to Dean as Sammy but Dean is still unconscious and Sammy is trying to help him. Thorn was trying to help make sure Dean didn't bleed out. Sam looks back to John but couldn't shoot. The demon suddenly leaves John in a black cloud from his mouth and the entire room goes black. When they could all see again Sammy, Dean, and Thorn were all missing. John looks at Sam accusingly. "Where are they?" Squirrel asked, sounding slightly panicked. Sam shook his head "I don't know. I couldn't see."
Squirrel starts to bleed heavily from his chest. Sam starts to struggle against the force pinning him. "Dad! Dad, don’t you let it kill me!" Squirrel yelled out. Azazel looks at him again and smiles. Dean starts screaming in pain as well. "Dean!! No!!" Sammy starts to struggle as well. The blood is flowing out of Squirrel. Sam struggles as hard as he can to break free. Blood is running out of Dean’s mouth. "Dad, please." Squirrel tries one last time. Squirrel passes out. "Dad, i know you can, please." Deans voice gives out. "Stop." John whispers. Both Sams are suddenly let go "Stop it."
"I don't know, he just said he suddenly got a headache." Sammy said with worry. "I'll go get dad." Squirrels says about to get up. Before he could even stand Dean sits back up, his hands finally letting go of his head and resting in front of him on the ground. "Sammy" Dean says quietly. "Dean are you alright?" Sammy asked his brother. Dean looked over at his brother with a dark look in his eyes "I just saw myself die." Dean says flatly. Sammy and Squirrel looked at hims shocked "What do you mean you saw yourself die?" Sammy asked.
Dean parked the impala in front of the motel and everyone got out. He knocked on the room that Squirrel said he and Sam were staying in. Sam opened the door and let the trio in, Squirrel was on the phone. Squirrel looks over at the others, something was wrong. "Where is he?" Squirrel asked the person on the phone. Squirrel hung up "They've got Dad." he told them. "Meg?" Sam asked. Meg cringed and Sammy and Dean grew concerned as Squirrel just nods. "What'd she say?" Sam asked his brother. "I just told you, Sammy." Squirrel is clearly upset. "Okay. Okay."
"Cas...Feathers...Angel...Baby...Honey Bee?" Cas stopped struggling at the last name. He looked back to Dean who smiled wide 'Got him'. "Honey Bee, I didn't mean to laugh at you," Dean said. "Please stop trying to ditch me in the middle of nowhere and sit down with me for a bit?" Cas grumbled but shifted his wings to lay on either side of them; out of the way. Dean leaned his head on Cas' shoulder "I just thought your reaction was cute, and how you got all flustered after." he explained, Starting to kiss Cas' shoulder.
(f)Sam looked over to (p)Dean "What's wrong with you?" (p)Dean glanced up and glared. (f)Dean sighed "He grouchy that I won't tell him who Cas is. Which wouldn't be a problem if someone hadn't brought him up." (f)Dean basically growled out at his brother. (f)Sam looked down to the floor.
The Winchesters run around the corner to a back entrance, but it's securely locked. (f)Dean quickly looks around then kicks it open. They jump to the first level of the fire escape then run up the stairs. When they are one floor from Roger's house, they hear the window slide down and a wet squelching noise. The future brothers curse, (p)Sam freezes, and (p)Dean sprints past him and grabs the railing. Roger's head lies in the flower bed under the window, his blood all over the kitchen window. The other three join him. After a long pause he pulls a hankerchief from his pocket, throwing one to (p)Sam and starting to wipe down the railing.
"Do you know what's going on?" Squirrel asked, looking to Cas. "Not quite," Cas said, getting up to follow Dean. Squirrel was close behind. "Sammy, we're heading out. Grab your shit!" Dean yelled as he ran into the house. "Where are we going?" Sammy asked from the kitchen. "Nebraska!" Dean said as he turned around, looking at Cas. "Fix the Impala. We're leaving as soon as possible." Cas nodded and turned, heading back outside. "What about the car we took here?" Bobby asked. "You can keep it here in case you ever need an extra ride," Dean told him.
"I should have never taken you along in the first place. I knew it was a mistake, I knew I was wrong —" "I said SHUT UP!" Squirrel yelled. He smacks a glass of water off the table and it goes flying, crashing to the floor. Beat. Sam and John look at each other, confused, Squirrel looks stunned "Dude, I full-on Swayze'd that mother." his excitement was quickly gone. Squirrel crumples in pain, flickering. Nurses and doctors start running by in the hallway. "What is it?" Squirrel asked. "Something's going on out there." John said. He jerks his head indicating "Go find out" to Sam.
Dean sighed and smiled at her "You've got a point." "Course I do. I can't believe a Winchester nearly gave up when they had a chance to save someone." Meg said, crossing her arms. While Dean and Meg had been talking Sammy had gone over to their younger counterparts and come up with a plan. "So she's gonna help us?" Squirrel asked, obviously not believing Meg would help them. "Damn right I'm gonna help. But you two better swear to me you don't end up in hell again cause I'm not going back down to save you."
"Oh yeah, wrong number?" Squirrel asks with a smirk. "No, smart-ass." Ed said with a slight glare "He read all about the Hell House on our website and wants to option the motion picture rights. Maybe even have us write it." They place their grocery bags into a totally overloaded car. "And create the RPG." Harry says. "The what?" Squirrel asks. "Role playing game." Dean told his counterpart, getting an odd look in return. "A little lingo for you. Anyhoo, ahhh, excuse us, we're off to la-la land." Ed said, turning back to look at the brothers.
Heading inside they all look around. "Looks like old man Murdock was a bit of a tagger here in his time." Squirrel said. "And after his time too. That reverse cross has been used by Satanists for centuries but this sigil of sulfur didn't show up in San Francisco until the '60s." Sammy informed him. "That is exactly why you never get laid." Squirrel said, pointing between the two Sam's. Both Sam's gave him a bitch face and Dean started snickering. "Hey what about this one, you seen this one before?" Squirrel asked, moving over to a wall.
"Friends of mine. They went missing about a year ago. They passed through somewhere around here, and I've already asked around Scottsburg and Salem—" "Sorry." He hands the flyers back to Dean. "We don't get many strangers around here." Dean nods. "Scotty, you've got a smile that lights up a room, anybody ever tell you that?" Scotty stares at him strangely, Dean chuckles. "Never mind. See you around." He walks away. Before the Deans could get to far though Scottys calls out. "Who's the man behind you?" pointing to older Dean. "I'm his older brother, Jeff." Dean said, waving. Scotty nodded the Deans walked off.
Past Bobby picks up two silvers flasks and hands them to Squirrel and Sam before looking at the older Winchesters. Bobby stepped in front of them "They aren't possessed." Bobby told his counterpart. "And how do you know this?" Both Sammy and Dean pulled down their shirts to reveal tattoos "Anti possession tattoos." they say in sink. "No, before anything else, one of you needs a nickname." Dean told both Bobby's. They looked at hims confused "Since there are two of you calling you both Bobby would get real confusing real fast." Sammy explained, both Bobby's nodded in understanding.
"He does what he does for a reason." Squirrel told his brother. "What reason?" Sam asked. "Our job! There's no time to argue, there's no margin for error, all right? That's just the way the old man runs things." Squirrel yelled at him, Dean gritting his teeth. "Yeah well maybe that worked when we were kids but not anymore, all right. Not after everything you and I have been through, Squirrel. I mean, are you telling me you're cool with just falling into line, and letting him run the whole show?" Sam said looking at Squirrel challengingly.
It's the middle of the night, Meg is sleeping on the floor with young Sam. Sam is sitting at a table, on the phone with past Dean. "The scarecrow climbed off its cross?" Sam asked, just playing along with what past Dean was saying. "Yeah, I'm tellin' ya. Burkittsville, Indiana. Fun Town." "Ya, sounds like so much fun. It didn't kill the couple, did it?" Sam asked. "No. I can't cope without you, you know." "So, something must be animating it. A spirit." Sam said, seeing if past Dean had figured out what it was yet. "No, it's more than a spirit. It's a god. A Pagan god, anyway."
Stopping, Squirrel turned around in his seat and looked at everyone "Okay, I get it. We've all been stuck together a little longer then we all want but fighting isn't helping. Sam, yelling at them to tell the future obviously isn't working. Just get used to the fact that they aren't gonna tell us everything. Sammy, you are only making it worse by yelling back. Dean, playing stupid id only going to escalate things. Now I don't want to hear another word from anyone for the rest of the car ride." Squirrel said, turning back around and started driving.
Cas looked to them "How are you supposed to say anyone's name without getting confused?" he asked. "Don't worry Clarence, they figured out that problem. One of each double gets a nickname. I'm Thorn, our time Sam goes by Sammy and your younger boyfriend goes by Squirrel." Thorn explained. "Why is his name Sq-" "Sammy picked it since I picked his nickname." Dean explained. "Now, we can talk more later. Let's get out of town." Dean said, starting to walk to Johns truck, the Impala still needing to be fixed.
Both Ed and Harry gave them confused looks and Sammy elbowed his brother in the ribs. Dean cringed and took a small step away from his brother. "We're with them. They're our brothers." Sammy said. "Why do you two of you look so similar?" Ed asked. "Coincidence, really odd coincidence." Dean said, walking over to his younger self. "Well, we'll be off now." Sammy said, gesturing for the other Winchesters to follow. Exiting the house they all walked back to the Impala. "So," Sam started as they all got in "you guys are gonna save us time on research for that symbol?"
The man throws Thorn backward and into Dean. Dean manages to keep his balance and catch Thorn but the moment of distraction allowed the man to charge towards them. Suddenly there is a gunshot and the man gets a bullet through the head. Squirrel is standing with the Colt. "You brought the Colt." Dean grumbled. Thorn stares at Squirrel for a second, she blinks and comes back to herself. She gets off of Dean and steps toward Squirrel "You could have killed me!" she yelled at him. "But I didn't. Not to mention it's not that much of a loss if we lose a demon."
A campfire is burning. John hands Squirrel a bag and they move from the Impala's trunk back toward the fire where Dean and Sam are patrolling with a machete. "Toss this on the fire. Saffron, skunk's cabbage and trillium. It'll block our scent and hers, until we're ready." John told Squirrel. Squirrel sniffs it and coughs "Stuff stinks!" he said. "That's the idea. Dust your clothes with the ashes, and you stand a chance of not being detected."John told him. "You sure they'll come after 'er?" Squirrel asked. Sammy walked over "I can promise you they will." he told Squirrel.
Sam nods. "We're stronger as a family, Dad. We just are. You know it." Squirrel said. Before John could order them off so he didn't have to continue this conversation Dean piped up "Dad me and Sammy have faced worse the one little Prince of Hell. Heck, we've fought the other 3 and always won. You can't keep using the line of protecting us if we can and have handled ourselves." Sammy nodded in agreement. John looked at them with a hard stare. "Azazel can't take on all four of us at once. And no one can beat us when we work together." Sammy adds.
"Thanks for your help with the Daeva." (p)Sam said. Meg looked surprised "Didn't expect an thank you from they baby Winchesters but I'll take it." both Deans offended. "Baby!?!? Who you calling a baby?" (p)Dean yelled. "Oh calm down." Meg smirked. "We'll help our Meg, you guys help dad." (f)Dean said. Everyone nodded, (f)Sam passing John to his younger self. "I'm not sure how comfortable I am leaving you two with a demon." John said looking at his future sons.
