He stands and walks away after Charlie, and when he turns to glance back over his shoulder, the cat is still sitting there in the pool of light from the streetlamp, still and quiet.
Dean glanced back to Cas, who was now looking back towards the jewellery stall. What had just happened? He’d been about to dive in and kiss the guy in a crowded public place, that’s what. Dean considered whether his head injury had caused him some more permanent damage—he only just met this guy yesterday, he couldn’t just kiss him like that, especially since Cas had been through his own trauma.
Dean nodded, taking a mouthful of his beer and tried not to swell with too much pride for his little brother. “He did. Although if you hear him talk about it, he’s not so keen to keep doin’ it.”
"Yes, he's a mage, but believe me, he’s the furthest thing from a Hardy Boy. I'll let him introduce the rest. Castiel, that's Krissy." He points to the girl who had just spoken, then follows with the others in turn. "Josephine, Aiden, Seth, and,” he turns to the man standing beside him, "my colleague, Inias."
“Jesus Christ,” he whines, exhaling more and more desperately. “Don’t stop, Cas, fuck, feels so good…” It takes only a handful more before his back arches and he borderline whines, eventually coming all over Cas’ hand with ropes of thick come.
“We have one more stop,” Anael says offhandedly, and Dean wrinkles his brow. They had split up into four groups, each group getting five houses—a total of twenty local kids just rejected from Stanford.
“Dean?” Anael says, her voice an amused rumble. She runs her hand over Dean’s arm, breaking the spot on the concrete where he was staring. “You still with me?”
Dean made quick work of the rest of his toilette, scrubbing off the blood and tar-like graveyard dirt that had caked itself into his clothes and skin during the fight. It smelled musty and dead, and Dean was incredibly glad to replace it with the scent of simple soap.
Alfie returned with water, and handed the glass to Castiel. “I’ve pulled a few books out of the pile that are still whole, although many of them were damaged by water rather than fire. There won’t be many saved. I am so sorry, Castiel.”
Dean gazed at him, taking this information in. Here Castiel was, offering him his heart, even now. They could be together, Dean could really have this—his heart gave another dangerous lurch within the confines of his chest.
, annoyed that Dean has managed to get him hooked on this story even though his favorite character just got killed off. But it’s not the same without Dean there to make flippant comments.
He leans forward, bringing his palm up to Cas’ face, running his thumb over the stubble on his cheek. “Can I kiss you again?” he asks, hopeful that Cas is thinking along the same wavelength.
“Not much. They help Crowley to reach out to lay magicians who want to use their magic, and help those who get in trouble when they do. It’s what I want to do as well when I’m finished with Magical Law. I had no idea Crowley was thinking of actually taking the Seal down!”
“You’re…” Dean blinks, head feeling fuzzy. He stares down at the suitcase perched beside her. He’s seen her before, but only in photos. “You’re Meg.”
TCBaby: Totally. This is an explicit story after all, and everyone knows I LOVE some good smut, so…time for some dick?
Anna and Anael step forward, and Castiel ushers them, Crowley, Sam, Charlie and Dean through the door and into the grassy field on the other side. It’s been a few weeks since he and Dean were last inside the Seal’s maze illusion, and Castiel had forgotten how disconcerting it can be to step through a door deep inside the library, and end up in the warm sun. Thank goodness it’s a fire day, rather than the drenching rain or freezing wind.
“Very, thank you!” She already looked flushed, as though she’d started drinking the punch before the guests even arrived. She turned to Dean, her eyes bright as she looked him up and down. “And Mister Winchester, I presume. Very pleased to make your acquaintance.”
“Nothing good,” Dean grumbles, and raises the shotgun to his shoulder, unlocking the safety. He makes a disappointed clicking sound with his tongue as he tries to take aim. “Can’t hit ‘em from here.”
“Come on, Cas, give it to me. I want that big cock of yours inside of me…” he rambled, and Castiel groaned, shifting on the bed to climb up over Dean. He dropped his face to lick a rough tongue over Dean’s chest, over his left nipple and up over the hair to nip at his collarbone. Dean couldn’t wait any longer, sinking his hand into Castiel’s hair and dragging him up to crush their mouths together. “I need you,” he panted again, against Castiel’s mouth.
“You there, Cas?” She laughs. “Can’t believe the heart eyes on you two, after all this time. Sam was right. You two really need to set a date already.”
Castiel nodded, straightening his slightly singed cravat with one hand, still clinging to Dean with the other. “I am. I feel rather like I’ve been hung by the neck, but it will pass, I’m sure.”
He was naked, he considered idly as he eyed the gray pre-dawn light peeking between the curtains. Naked, and not alone, as a growing warmth crept over him at the sound of Dean breathing slowly and evenly beside him.
But just as he's about to crash into them, a loud crack sounds, and the Croat crashes into the mud in a spray of blood.
Castiel asked, “Can I fetch you some tea? I’m afraid I don’t have any cakes at the moment, but I can put the kettle on…”
John settles in his chair, smiling again as Dean sits on the other side of his small table. “I’m proud of you, you know that?”
Charlie cleared her throat, snapping the moment, and the fireworks went out like a bucket of water had doused them. “Busy today, Mister Novak,” she noted pleasantly.
Castiel turns towards the door to see a small group crossing the room towards him. Crowley, dressed to the nines as usual, and behind him Rosco, in his usual dark suit and inscrutable expression.
“By telling him that his pop culture references are older than yours—which is saying something,” Dean says with a sheepish grin, as Gabriel laughs at the tables being turned. Before they get too sidetracked, or Dean’s willpower to resist getting another drink diminishes, he says, “Listen, I need y’all to hatch another Novak brother prank tonight.”
“Where I shall, of course, spend the night with my love, and you with yours,” she amended with a knowing grin. “There’s a suite of connected rooms on the top floor for you and Castiel—they need a little decorating, but they lock well and could be maintained by just one maid, if you wanted to pick one to take into confidence.”
Dean clenched his fists under the table.  No fucking way.  The universe would not do this to him.  But what was he thinking; he was a fucking Winchester.  Of course it would.
“We have to discuss how we’re going to handle this,” Sam continued.  “There’s good reasons claiming during an omega's heat is against our laws.”
Okay, sure it was a little weird, but no stranger than anything else about the freakish omega.  It wasn’t that Castiel was tough that made him odd; they had badass omegas aplenty back home, but none so overtly aggressive.  Oh well:  strange and unique was sort of a Winchester trademark.  Castiel would fit right in.
Almost before he realized it, Castiel was coming up on his third year with the Winchester Pack.  Had it only been three years? He felt as if he’d been there forever.
Not that it mattered, Castiel had already decided.  He’d known from the first time he laid eyes on Dean that one day they’d end up here.  Which was why he was always so very careful to stay away.  Heats he could survive; a broken heart was another matter entirely.  But his time was up.
Cas felt the bed shift and Dean moved around, occasionaly stretching across Cas’ naked body with his own as he did...whatever the hell he was doing.  Was he whistling?  Asshole.
“That would be great,” Sam told her, glaring down at the petite leprechaun of a lass.  “You’ve got to be good for something.”
He dragged himself up to his elbows, turning Cas’ head so they were looking eye to eye.  “I am fine, okay?  You didn’t hurt me, you didn’t do anything I wasn’t completely on board with, and we are good.  Now can you please shut up and let me bask for a damn minute?”
Taking a deep breath, although technically he didn’t need to breathe, Castiel reached for the knob, opened the door and stepped inside.
“A switch?” Sebastian asked brightly.  “Go you!  Twice the fun.  How about you, duckie?  Which way do you think you’d swing?”
He purged what scratches and bite marks he found until Dean’s skin was once again that of a scarred lifelong-Hunter, taking care to leave the pale, thin scar laterally along his neck completely alone.
Without warning, a hot mouth swallowed him whole, lips locking around the base of his cock and sucking at just the right side of painful.
As Sam returned, he eyed the back of his brother’s neck, overtly looking for, well he wasn’t exactly sure what.  But all he saw was a smattering of faint teeth marks and a few hickies.  Just a normal Thursday night in any other scenario.
Dean grinned to himself.  He had dedicated a good deal of time to teaching his oversized younger brother that particular look.  He smiled wider at the fat pile of crates that had yet to be taken.  They’d made a good haul this time.
Dean shrugged.  “Not gonna lie.  Whatever it is that I’m doing; it ain’t gonna last long, but I’ll keep doing it for as long as I can.”
Dean gave a bark of laughter, interrupting him mid-sentence.  “Always the romantic, aren’t you?  I swear, it’s nothing but pink hearts and roses day in and out with you.  Sickening.”  But he was smiling, moving again so that he was lying next to Cas, skin to skin.
She laughed throatily, pulling away from his mouth, settling back over his hips.  Purple hair slid a hand along his balls to his shaft, taking the base in a firm grip.  She held him steady while Brunette sank down on his length, her pert bottom landing on his hips, wriggling a bit while she found her balance. She paused a minute, eyes closed as she adjusted, and began to bounce.
Cas slid his fingers out and immediately slid the full length of his cock into his lover.  Whatever issues Jimmy Novak and his wife had during their marriage, sexual satisfaction was unlikely to have been one of them.  His vessel was more then adequately proportioned.  Though Castiel had noticed the last time he’d been rebuilt, that he seemed to have been made even larger between the legs.  He’d wondered at the time why his heavenly Father had bothered making an angel so well endowed.
Cas’ smile widened.  “You don’t know the half of it. “ He hesitated.  “I’m not sharing my heat with you, Dean.”
When he blamed himself, especially when the situation resulted in one of his kids being hurt, well, John reacted…strongly, in the only way he knew how.  He asserted control of what he could, and handled the situation.
Sebastian procured coffees for both them, regular drip when Castiel wasn’t sure what drink he should have.  Drinks in hand, they settled across from each other on one of the comfortable corner couches in the corner of the shop.
Right now, Cas was all about the sex monster.  Shucking the pants, he’d been commando from the start; he rolled to his belly and shoved his ass in the air.
Cas wasn’t fixing Sam; he’d made it clear that that particular boat had sailed back when Dean and Bobby had tried to stop him from opening Purgatory.
Castiel stood stock still, frozen in place.  There was absolutely no way Dean could have detected him; he was completely invisible to all human senses.  Castiel realized he felt inexplicably guilty.  He reminded himself he was just doing his due diligence; there was nothing untoward in his behaviour.
Cas sidled up to the bed, and took one more deep, cleansing breath, reminding his lungs what it was to fill with air.   He may not require it to survive, but even that small glimpse into Dean’s never-ending torment had left a lasting scar in his psyche.
Dean was a much more relaxed lover than Castiel would ever imagined an Alpha could be. He was strong, demanding, and plenty dominant, of course.  And he had an extreme fondness for mixing up positions.  It said something about Dean’s skill and the level of trust between them that Cas didn’t think twice about going on hands and knees for the other man when asked.
“Sometimes we get lucky, raiders make the bad decision to try and make a play on us.” Dean grinned.  “Easy supplies right there.”
“Think about it.  My treat.  I’ll be out in the back parking lot,” Dean told him, wrapping his knuckles on the counter before strolling away.
Dean locked eyes with him, baring his teeth slightly in playful challenge.  “So, your gonna drive this boat, huh?  Okay, omega.  Let’s make it interesting.  Who do you think will come first?  Loser gives the other a blowjob.”
A small part of him warned that he was too exposed, that his mating gland was in easy reach.  Cas didn’t care.  He trusted Dean to his very core.
Dean kissed back with equal force, meeting him and then surpassing his efforts.  His hands came up to frame Cas’ face in a way that was surprisingly gentle, holding him still under Dean’s onslaught.
“So, that was it?  No discussion?  Not even a good bye?  Nothing.  After all we’ve been through together, is that what I deserve?”  The angel demanded.
Dean wore a pair of soft, well-aged jeans that had to be more for lounging than anything else, the frayed denim hugging the perfect contours of his ass.  His long sleeved tan knit shirt was tightly stretched across his wide shoulders and the sleeves were rolled up to bare his forearms.
Two days and one long jeep trip later, Ellen parked at a dilapidated wooden outpost.  The rickety stand stood on uncertain legs, a good eight feet up.  Of course, the fragile state was a ruse.  Hidden below the weathered and creaky wood, solid metal beams held the structure solidly above ground.  A single guard watched her warily from his spot above.
Castiel noted one of Dean’s fingers wrapped around his coffee cup was absently tapping the porcelain in a slow, constant staccato.  Tap. Tap. Tap.
Dean grinned, though the smile looked oddly forced, and didn’t extend to his eyes.  Guilt, Cas decided, forgiving Dean a little more for ejecting him from the Bunker.  Dean was nothing if not loyal, and he considered Cas a friend.  Deliberately sending him, newly weakened as he was, away from a place of safety where the Hunter could actively protect him had to be difficult.   Cas had been so busy nursing his hurt feelings that he hadn’t given much thought to the fact that Dean had to be carrying a significant amount of regret.
Sam closed his eyes.  “Fine.”  He was going to need therapy after this one.  Hours and hours of therapy.  And maybe a lobotomy.
Rage.  More pain then he could remember feeling since he’d held Sammy cold and near death in his arms, it felt like watching his house burn with his wife inside all over again.  His son had been hurt doing something terrible because John hadn’t been there.
Cas sighed, peering into the dark swirl of rich coffee.  There was Benny, of course.  They buried their initial issues with each other years ago and while they would never be the best friends, they had an easy camaraderie and had indulged in some very high quality sex.
“Here, sweetheart.  Coffee is from last night, but the heating urns kept it plenty warm.  Normally we’d have at least some kind of hot breakfast but certain folk made it clear we were to head out ASAP.“  She glanced meaningfully over her shoulder.
Barely two hours after he’d first left and Dean was back in his hotel showering off the whole encounter.  Surprise; Sam still wasn’t back.
Sam peered over Dean’s shoulder and took a deep breath, sampling the air.  A moment later he chuffed softly in annoyed recognition, shoulders settling as he relaxed.
Sam sat back at his computer.  He knew he should be working on locating Rowena, but he discovered his fingers had typed ‘secondary nature- omega’ into the search bar.  For all that he’d lived with Dean the vast majority of his life, he still knew very little about duals.  No amount of prompting had ever gotten Dean to open up about it.  Sam closed his eyes, searching his memories for what he remembered from their past.
A final quick nip on his lower lip and Dean was gliding downward, punctuating his journey with well-placed licks and bites.  Chest, nipple, abdomen, pelvis, lower, dodging his cock in favor of more southern treasure.  Before he was completely with the program, Cas’ legs were pulled wide and a deft tongue swiped against the rim of his hole.
Cas looked better.  Subdued, clearly exhausted, but finally, completely free all traces of spell or hormones that had been riding him the last several days.
If it weren’t for the horrifically bright sun beating down on them, he might have actually enjoyed himself.  The ride was far gentler than he’d anticipated, and the cool breeze dispelled the day’s heat.
Stepping nimbly over the sitting logs, Dean began hanging wet clothes along the laundry pegs set out for that specific reason.  He reeked of alpha male, sweat, and sex.  And something else, a distinctly feminine scent.  Despite Dean’s obvious soaking, he still smelled heavily of she-beta.  Clearly she had enjoyed herself; Dean was nearly saturated with her marking scent.  It was very unlikely that had been inadvertent on the woman’s part.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he panted, forehead resting against Dean’s chest above him.  “I’m trying, but I can barely control myself.”
Fifth Ring was a wide, dusty mess of a fight pit, circled by a surprisingly sturdy five-foot high wooden fence.  During the rainy season, it was a sticky, soggy horror show, where the blood that spilled from the combatants mixed with the waterlogged earth in a sticky pudding mess of stinking mud.
Dean growled and bit him on the neck.  “Do I look like some faint little flower to you?"  Dean raised his eyes, his pupils lust blown circles of night in an endless backdrop of shimmering green.  “I said go for it.  Show me what you’ve got.”
Castiel’s house, like most of the pack structures was built with endurance and function in mind, with no claim whatsoever to aesthetics.  He had one major living room, with the far wall turned into a kitchenette.  A smallish side room held a large bed and some basic furniture, with a tiny attached bathroom and a squat, claw foot tub.
Taking the sound as approval, he wrapped one hand around the width of Dean’s cock, holding it place so he could wrap his lips around the reddened tip, sucking it as far down his throat as he could manage.
Sam sat back, trying to remember if he’d seen anything growing up.  He thought back to the several times his teenage brother had disappeared for several days.  Dad had been so disappointed in him.  Sam had been, too.  It wasn’t fair that Dean left him alone for so long just to get girls.   He’d been young and hadn’t understood.
It was a lie, of course.  There was one.  Dean always called to him.  His scent, his voice, his stupidly beautiful face and expressive eyes, everything about him made Castiel want to have a taste.  The mating gland at the back of his neck throbbed eagerly in agreement, tingling at the very thought of the gorgeous Alpha nipping at his most intimate place.  And that was exactly the reason Dean was absolutely not an option.
The omega looked good. Rested and well fed.  He was still far too thin, but that would be remedied soon enough.  No one went hungry in the Winchester pack.  And once they got back, Dean would make sure someone made sure he minded his health.  Omegas had a tendency to protect others to their own neglect.
Sam nodded in agreement.  “I’m sorry Naomi, but it is Pack law.  He’s broken no rules to warrant ostrication.  Castiel is Pack.  Winchesters protect our own.”
Dean slammed the crate onto the ground.  His arm throbbed like an unholy bitch, his ribs burned with every breath, and he was well past done with this shit.
“I can’t fix it,” Castiel replied quietly.  “I don’t have some magic time machine that will let me undo what I’ve done.  If there was anything I could do to make this better I would.”
Suddenly Cas was flung away, tumbling to the ground.  Dean was standing over him, his hand covering the back of his neck while ruby hued blood flowed around his fingers.
But that wasn’t quite true.  Dean’s eyes were exceptional.  Castiel keenly remembered the time following his absorption of Sam’s insanity.  He’d spent weeks walking the world’s natural beauty trying to find a colour that matched the green of Dean’s eyes.  He never had found its equal.
Castiel had miscalculated; Dean getting out of the shower was hardly an improvement.  But Dean was safely out of the hot spray.  Castiel should vacate the hotel, leave the human to finish drying and garb himself.  Even Dean was unlikely to sustain a grievous injury pulling on a pair of jeans.
That was all it took.  Dean stiffened, whimpering as he orgasmed, cock untouched.  Castiel gentled his tongue, easing the strokes against Dean’s hole until it was clear even that was too much sensation.  A shame. Dean tasted so good.  He would definitely revisit that later.
Dean shifted, the hay poking him through the thin fabric of his black tee shirt.  It was mildly annoying.  He considered taking his little party elsewhere, but climbing down and wrangling his little harem into the car really seemed like a lot of work.  And he was pretty comfortable where was, hay prickles notwithstanding.
The brothers were gone for a good hour before they returned, the sun just beginning its journey west.  They sat back down, snagging slices of pie along the way.  Both of them were wearing game faces, revealing nothing.
Castiel’s telling silence made her giggle.  They sat in silence for a short while, watching the fire pop and spark.
Taking the chance, he padded silently through the room.  And then he heard it.  A nearly silent swoosh of air, followed by the soft landing of bare feet.  Damn it.  Why the hell hadn’t he looked up?
Ice water filled his veins as Castiel realized the sheer enormity of what he had just done.  Oh shit, oh shit.
Cas nodded, the gesture lost in the darkness.  That Dean had found it in himself to forgive him for his many transgressions still awed him.  But there was one specific thing he felt he needed to air out.  “What I meant was, there is something that I did during that time, Dean.  To you.  Something I’d give anything to take back.”
“Oh, for a photo.  Well, good for you.  And him, for that matter.  Okay, I’ll just do the whole 101 with you, and if at any point you have questions, feel free.  No questions are taboo.”
When the Alpha didn’t say anything else, Castiel went back to cleaning and storing his training weapon.
Dean’s voice ripped into his mind with all the subtlety of an ice pick jammed directly into his frontal cortex.  Dean was fighting, his frantic screams oddly muffled, as if by deep submersion.  Cas came to a horrified understanding.  Dean was drowning.
Dean slid Cas’ legs over his shoulders and raised him up.  This new position allowed the alpha easier access.  He wasted no time in plunging three fingers deep inside while his tongue glided along the edge of his dripping hole.
“Pre-fight bets close in 90 seconds!  Remember darlings, how Uncle Crowley feels about IOU’s,” Crowley sang out over the crowd.
As he’d been ordered, Dean never spoke about what had happened, not to Sam or anyone else.  He’d never seen his father that angry with him in his life.  And he wanted so badly to be a son that John Winchester could be proud of.  It was clear that his dad wouldn’t want him if he knew how much Dean liked kissing boys.  So he didn’t.  It wasn’t that hard.
Cas didn’t want easy.  He wanted to thrust into his omega, split him open and own him.   His grace flashed, crashing against the solid wall of the cuffs, only to be thwarted again.  Growling, he gathered himself and thrust up the moment he felt the head of his cock slid into hot wetness of Dean’s body.  Dean hissed, falling forward as Cas buried himself a good three quarters of the way into his hole all at once.
He scrounged up half a dozen phones and set up shop on a beat up old desk in the corner of the cabin, hemmed in by dozens of boxes of photocopied old books.  They didn’t carry the same weight as the ancient tomes he’d spent half a life collecting, but it did no good to dwell on what he didn’t have.  He’d make do with what he did.
There was nothing but truth and a healthy dose of annoyance in Dean’s voice.  He slid off Cas’ chest, careful not tug too hard at the delicate flesh linking them at the hip, and threw a leg over his Cas' thighs, cuddling close.  Cas sighed in relief, setting his concerns aside so he too could ‘bask’ in the moment.  Dean was by his side, safe, content, and the spell appeared to be quiescent.
“I haven’t done a damn thing wrong by you,” Dean snarled as he worked.  “What I did do was fight and bleed for you, potentially risking my entire damn pack by choosing to save your ass over ammo that could save their lives.  So far in thanks for that, you’ve threatened me, accused me of forcing myself on you, and said more than a few unkind words about my character.”
While his mouth turned its attention to his right nipple, Dean swiped up a palmful still-warm come and wrapped his fist around Cas’ cock.  He began to stroke rhythmically while his tongue continued to relentlessly tease the sensitive nipple.  The noises Cas made for him were delicious, satisfying his inner omega that he was pleasing their partner.
These were importance concerns, but Castiel found he had a difficult time focusing; his mind intent on recalling those tendrils of water.  He remembered their path with perfect clarity, the way the drops splashed against a firm chest, dripping off a perfect pink nipple, trailing down a powerfully built chest to the hunter’s waist, forming a stream to his hips and trailing down the dip of his groin.  Dean’s cock had been half hard; Castiel couldn’t help but recall what that silky hardness felt like in his hand.
“That…that is one way to put it,” Cas panted as he slowly came back down from the flood of endorphins that had overwhelmed his senses.
Sam smiled, claiming a hug of his own.  “Hi, Ellen.  We all did well.  Smooth sailings.  Everything okay here?”
“Are you positive?” Cas asked Dean, almost desperately.  Dean just had to tell him ‘no.’ He could use that to regain what tattered control was left to him.
Maybe now, with Dean’s secondary nature out in the open, Sam might actually learn something.  Reigning in his curiosity for the moment, Sam closed out the search window.  He had a witch to track.
While the vehicles had all clearly seen better days, their chipped, faded paint slowly losing the battle with the elements, each roared to life readily, the engines purring smoothly.
“They burned down the Roadhouse.  Stole what little stores we managed to stockpile.  2/3 of my people are dead.  Most the rest are omegas, kids, and injured.  I just got word a big group of marauders are headed our way.  We got no chance of surviving.”
Then his belly rumbled, his all-too-human body betraying him at the primal level.  Cas ducked away, refusing to acknowledge Dean’s knowing chuckle.
“But are you okay?”  Not being physically hurt wasn’t the same thing as okay.  He’d learned that lesson the hard way over the last decade.
An even greater surprise was the alphas willingness to accede to most any of Cas sexual requests, readily allowing the omega to hold him down and take what he wanted.
Night had fallen and neither man showed any interest in rising to turn on lights.  The two men were lying next to each other, both naked and comfortable sharing each other space.
He slowly, gently drew his hand out from the Hunter’s heat.  Dean surged under him, gripping his wrist to halt the motion.  Propping himself up on his other forearm, the he looked back at Cas with blown pupils big and dark in his fan-fiction-green eyes.
“What my brother is trying to say, is that we could use a marketable trade commodity,” Sam continued.  He eyed the pocket her flask was in.   “Your moonshine is a legend unto itself.”
Rising silently, he untied the tent flap and leaned out.  He took a deep breath, scenting the wind for a hint of what had set off his subconscious alerts.
Sam’s mind whirled as he walked down the hall.  The mating gland was supposed to be one of the best parts of being dual natured.  It paired you with your mate/partner in a way that was insanely intimate, an unmatched connection between two people.  At least, that’s how all the romcoms told it.  He’d actually envied his brother the potential for such a deep attachment.
Which was why it took Cas completely by surprise when Dean’s orgasm tore through his own self-control, causing him to erupt into the other man, draining Cas into an endorphin-induced haze of divine exhaustion.
“Good riddance, you feathered dick,” he muttered rising to pad to the shower for a quick scrub up in the blessedly hot water.
Benny neatly bridged the gap, winning all his fights by a carefully designed narrow margin.  And he lacked the alpha instinct to kill his opponents.  Dean knew his friend loved it; loved the purity of a bare-knuckle brawl.  So did Dean; too much, which was why he had to avoid it when he could.  He was raised a Hunter Alpha, like his father.  Violence was in his blood.
A guy had to use some modicum of caution when picking up another dude in a bar.  There was a protocol that had to be observed, for several reasons.  For starters, it was the polite thing to do.  But really, it was about safety.  Not that he personally had anything to worry about; no matter where Dean went, he was always the most dangerous person in the room.  But he didn’t want to blow anyone’s cover, either.  The folk who lived in the town might have no desire to be outed to their friends and neighbors.  Dean had no business making that choice for them.  So he watched for the signs and played by the rules.
Brunette had removed her shirt and bra, revealing plump, firm breasts with tiny pink nipples.  Dean didn’t think; he reached out and grabbed her waist, pulling her chest to his mouth to taste.
Ellen’s eyes widened.  “You took on one of those monsters?  And look at you, upright and everything.  Call me impressed.”
“Oh, darling.  Four wonderful collegiate years worth.  I may have gotten a degree in PolySci, but between you and me, I majored in Sluttery.”
On top of all that delightful slice of pie, Sam had claimed Dean’s place as the rear guard for their caravan, with Jody and Jo riding tandem as front guard.  As if one little injured wing and a few cracked ribs would keep Dean from fighting off anything and everything that could hurt his people.
“Oh, my sweet man, I’m good for a great many things.”  She smiled, shark-like, taking a delicate sip from her ridiculously expensive tea.
He stood, silent and invisible in the bathroom while Dean took his sweet time under the steamy water.  How long did it really take one human to get clean?  It wasn’t as if the man was fresh from a hunt; he had no dried blood or caked dirt that needed to be so meticulously scrubbed away.
Castiel had barely set foot into the Winchester encampment before being accosted by a fiercely kind, shorthaired lady alpha who’d been left in charge of the camp while the trading crew was away.  She’d introduced herself as Jody, not the least put out when Castiel had clung to his stoic silence.
“It’s okay, Cas.  You know Dean.  Plenty to say about shit that doesn’t matter but he clams up the moment the discussion gets within a foot of personal issues.”
Castiel halted at the stairs, taking a deep cleansing breath. That was a mistake.  Dean’s tantalizing personal scent filled his nostrils.  That scent never failed to send Castiel into a tailspin.  His inner omega felt simultaneously relaxed and protected, while at the same time it wanted, craved attention.  Castiel was well aware he had an unusually strong sexual response to Dean, and reining in his slutty omega side got harder all the time.
Sam blew out a breath.  “Well.  That was fun.” He carefully assessed his surroundings, taking in the Winchester guards, before ending up on Dean.  “You okay over there?”
Charlie, a strong independent omega who didn’t need no man, thank you very much, was one of the finest strategists in a pack whose backbone was built with old, canny hunters.  She consistently led tracking parties, trailed raiders, and had created ingenious hunt and tracking games for the pack’s young.
“No way,” he told Benny, flashing him his trademark grin.  “I got this.”  If Dean didn’t let the beast out once in a while, things could go bad, fast.
Dean glanced briefly over at Ellen, seeing the first gleam of shocked understanding fill the Alpha female’s face.  He flashed her a cocky grin before taking up the narrative.
“It’s remarkable how you’re managing to keep Michael trapped,” Castiel said, after a moment of awkward silence.
But Sam didn’t truly understand the enormity of the trauma that Dean was hiding. Not like Castiel did.  Cas knew exactly, in excruciating detail, what had happened to Dean during the time Michael was riding him.
“Not exactly.  But something bad happened and I have to make sure it doesn’t happen again.  Okay?  Your brother is fine; we are all fine.”
“You don’t know…” Dean sagged against the wall, barking out a harsh laugh that held no trace of mirth.  “Right.  Of course you don’t.”
“Are you offering, beta?” Castiel asked, unconsciously wrapping his arms around his cramping abdomen.
Dean didn’t answer, panting softly, his body gently tucked in Cas lap.  He kept his eyes closed, allowing the sensation to build and fill him near to breaking.
So, Bobby did what he always did when the darkness threatened to drag him over the ledge; he went to work.  Over the years, he’d become the hub for half the damn hunters in the country, or it felt like it anyway.  It wouldn’t do to leave them high and dry, especially with Bigmouths running about all over the damn place.
Sam finished getting dressed, taking his sweet time.  For once, they weren’t in any big hurry.  Dean had nearly finished loading the Impala, but he could wait.  Sam was just so tired.  Sleep had become a rare and precious commodity, what with Lucifer playing Angel of Music 24-7 in his subconscious.
Dean shrugged.  “I like ‘em just fine.  You want pups?  We’ll raise a whole damn litter together.  If you don’t want to, I have a whole pack full wanting my attention.  Either way, I’m happy.”
“Not your fault,” Sam told him gently.  “You’re spelled.  We’ve all done things we regret under magical compulsion.”
Dean dodged the lunge; smoothly ducked low and forward, clipping the second set of cuffs onto Cas wrists and was back out of range in one rapid maneuver.  The power in the cuffs flared, sending Cas stumbling backwards.  Dean narrowly caught him before he collapsed.  Sam was there a moment later and the two eased him back onto his chair.
Calming his mental patterns into smooth waves, Castiel reached out and placed two fingers on the sleeping hunter’s forehead.  Sam instantly stopped thrashing, his body settling as Cas pumped soothing emotions into him.  Fatigue came to Cas faster than he would have preferred, and he soon had to stop before he collapsed.  Thankfully, it had been enough.  Sam was now deeply asleep, his mind at a place beyond dreams.
Sam turned and went inside.  He barely had his pants off before collapsing into bed. All was as it should be.  He slept.
Without further discussion he thrust deep, making Cas take a good half of his length from the jump.  Cas froze, and he took a gulp of air, willing his body to adjust.  Later, he’d appreciate the virtues of a well-endowed alpha, but for now this was taking too long. He had plans, damn it.
Dean allowed the touch for a moment, then backed away.  “Alright. Enough of this moody omega-sentimentality bullshit.  I’m off.”
And they had set out to get Cas laid, after all.  Last night on earth before big brother Raphael got with the smiting and all.  That was their plan.  It was a good plan.  And to be fair, it was kind of Dean’s fault the whole thing had gone to pot.  He should have spoken to the working girl first, gotten the basics covered and maybe Cas wouldn’t have been too busy playing psychic healer to actually get his cherry properly popped.
All the anger drained out of Dean.  He leaned against wall, staring at nothing, blood still oozing from his neck, testimony to the ferocity of Castiel’s mating bite.
Their fling had been a brief affair that ended well over a decade ago.  Dean had been young and free of responsibility back then, his father still in charge of their small pack.  The time may have been short, but Dean still remembered it fondly.  He had no idea what Crowley thought about it or anything else, really.  No one ever really knew with him.  The guy took inscrutable to whole new level.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean murmured, taking several steps back, palms up.  “Never mind.  Forget I said anything.”
-I wrote two new chapters, a prequel and an epilogue. One of them is smutty angst, the other a good PG story with a plot and everything.  This one is the latter.
His ankles were wrapped with the same elaborate knots as his wrists, pulled so tight his legs were spread achingly wide; were the bedposts horses, he’d be ripped to pieces in short order.  Just to ensure he stayed firmly in place, a final set of ropes twined around each thigh.  Between the lengths of rope at abdomen and thigh, his hips were very effectively trapped on the flat surface he was splayed across.
Dean's all grown up.  Fresh from the underworld, went to  Hell and back and all he got was this lousy handprint. And things are already complicated.  Sounds about right for a Winchester.
A couple of betas ran into each other, both carrying hefty armfuls of supplies.  Snarling in irritation, one dumped his stack of bedrolls and turned on the other, fists up.  Dean appeared from nowhere, barking something at the pair.  Both dropped their eyes, muttered something to the ground, and hastily returned to their jobs.
Cas felt Dean crawl up his body, yelping when teeth nipped at his inner thigh, light suction as yet another hickey marked his body.  Dean continued to crawl until his muscular thighs clenched around Cas’ bound hips.
“It did,” Dean agreed, smiling briefly.  The smile faded to a hard scowl.  “But it’s not remotely okay to talk about this right now, and you know it.  Go away, Risa.”  He put a little growl into the words, and more than a hint of command.
“Well, that’s definitely something,” he told his brother.  “Okay.  I’ll disappear.  Do we need to do anything to contain Cas?”
“Dean,” Sam called gently, placing a gentle hand on his brother’s shoulder.  Bold of him.  Ellen wouldn’t have come near the rabid Alpha so close to violence.
The sound of a cap popping echoed through the quiet a moment later, and he bit back a sigh of relief.  Dean had done this without lube a time or two before, and it generally ended bloody.  The last time, he’d been nearly feral, the loss of a friend during a hunt driving him to new heights in his need for distraction.  He’d needed the pain, then, and Castiel, a soldier and no stranger to the crushing weight of loss, had obliged, though he’d healed Dean within minutes of their mutual completion.  That was the Cas he used to trust.
Sam glanced back and fourth between the two of them.  He knew something was up, if not what.  It was a true mark of Sam’s patient nature that he didn’t demand answers.  Dean would never have been capable of such discretion.
Sam was nearly completely certain that Dean had known for a long time that Sam was aware of his nocturnal extracurricular activities.  It’s not like either Dean or Castiel were blessed with the gift of subtlety.  But Cas wasn’t really Cas anymore.   Not now that he was full to bursting with millions of stolen souls.  And if he was still coming to Dean in the middle of the night…
She’d made this journey alone, much to her pack’s consternation and her daughter’s disapproval.  But Jo was needed back home to keep an eye on things, and Ellen didn’t want to take her on what would potentially be a suicide run.  If she was lucky.  It was no small thing for a pack Alpha to brazenly walk into another pack’s territory unannounced.
Dean sighed. “Go on home, Cas.  We both know that you don’t really want to act on this, whatever we have.  I’ll see you later.”
Dean grinned, sitting up, though he kept his thighs locked tight around Cas’ waist.  He shrugged out of the sweaty t-shirt.  “If you move,” Dean warned, “I’m going to educate you on what ‘tickling’ is, and you will not like it.”
Dean hadn’t always craved violence, but as a Hunter class Alpha he had the capacity for it.  His father had needed violent warriors when the pack was newly formed and growing fast.  Too fast.
Dean was beginning to sag above him, muscles shaking with exertion.  “C’mon, Cas, do it.  I feel you; you’re near to bursting.  Fucking knot me already.  I need it.”
“Not that folk don’t go to Sammy here when they think they have a better chance of getting something they want,” Dean replied blandly.  “He’s the bleeding heart of the two of us, after all.”
And still Dean fought, struggling to rise, endlessly swimming towards a surface that didn’t exist.  In desperation his mind had cried out for Sam, and Castiel, even God to hear him.
Dean rolled his eyes, glancing over at Sam, the two sharing a look of brotherly commiseration.  Fighting the urge to snap something snarky that would only upset their crazy friend, he pasted on a smile and walked over to assist the bemused angel.  Cas smiled warmly up at him as Dean pulled him to his feet.
She paused.  “Look Bobby, you know I’ll kill about anything that needs killing.  But this guy? I don’t know what the hell he is, but he completely healed Jason’s arm.  The docs managed to salvage some, but they said it was mostly cosmetic; he’d never recover the use of it.
That single 'yes' ripped away the last shreds of Cas’ control.  He surged towards Dean, the cuffs on his wrists yanking his arms backward as reached the end of his tether.
“Cas, whatever your objection, it doesn’t matter.  The bargain’s been made.  It will be okay.  This is what Dean does; it’s always been his job.  He guards the pack and he’s good at it.  Don’t worry, you’ll be safe.”
Sebastian looked up, appraising Castiel with his gaze.  “Nope.  Not possible.  It’s not safe.  That much beautiful, sexy goodness together? The universe may implode.”
Castiel, well ‘Steve’ as he’d become his unfortunate de-Angeling courtesy of Metatron, cashed out the middle-aged female chatting away on her cell phone, moving with the ease of frequent practice.  Experience had taught him that attempting any form of articulation at this point was useless; the woman wouldn’t acknowledge him unless she found something amiss in how he handled her customer service.
“Honestly, I’m not sure.  But I know he’s really good at being a dick,” Dean replied.  “Oh, and he’s about to go into heat.  So we have that joy to deal with as well.”
“Not so great with computers, huh?” She asked.  “I can help.  What are you trying to look up, exactly?” She leaned over him and placed a hand over the little device that controlled the arrow, eyebrow raised expectantly.
That made perfect sense.  And explained Dean’s presence.  He’d cut his own hand off before he asked someone for a favor for himself.  But this was about Sam.
Dean had bit him.  Hard.  It was his upper shoulder, nowhere near his mating gland, but still.  And it wasn’t a gentle bite, either.  That one would leave a mark for days.
“Anyway, while he was in the hospital getting treated for shock I went looking for something that might help.  Skuttlebutt has it is you are looking for the unexplainable.  Well, I found it.”
“I promise to leave that area alone,” he swore, more afraid than he’d care to admit of Dean’s answer.  He already had the very real concern that he’d ruined something precious between them and they’d never get back to the easy trust they’d previously shared.
About 3 miles from the Hub, a steep, hilly rise held three houses at the top that looked more or less like all the others, placed in a rough curve overlooking the Hub below.  Just behind the hill, the forest took over.  According to the map, the entirety of the hill was called Alpha circle, home to their triumvirate of leaders.  Sam lived in the middle house, Dean and Ellen his neighbors to either side.
Dean’s chest rumbled, a deep, throaty purr that vibrated against Cas’ back.  Sweet Moon, the man had a powerful alpha purr.   Someday Cas needed to sit on his chest and make Dean purr for him, take in the sensation of that strong, vibrating rumble against his balls, along the crack of his ass.  Later.  So many laters.
Tucking himself into the warmth of his contentedly snoring mate’s body, Castiel felt strong arms unconsciously close possessively around him.  He closed his eyes and fell into a deep peaceful sleep.
A small smile graced Cas’ lips as the tension left his shoulders.  Whatever was about to happen, he and Dean were okay.  That was all that really mattered.
The motorcycles rumbled to life, each bike manned by a driver and an armed rear guard.  The bikes rolled out, interposing themselves alongside and in between the caravan.
It wasn’t that Castiel didn’t believe Jo; he actually did.  Nonetheless, he had no intention of sleeping, not in a camp full of unknowns.  Still, he was extremely exhausted, and it had been some time since he’d had a restful night sleep.  Or perhaps it was as simple as his subconscious recognizing something he didn’t.  That he was safe.
Castiel spun back around.  “They are not my buddies.”   He was looking Dean square in the eyes, too stunned to maintain any facades.
“That’s good,” Cas told him, eyes gleaming, the hint of satisfaction ghosting along his features.  “I wouldn’t want you to become bored.”
He found a few very minor rib fractures that he gently shored up.  There was a moderately serious compression fracture on Dean’s left radius bone that he didn’t want to think too much about.  Healing that as well, he slid his mind’s eye onward, leaving the superficial scrapes and bruises be.
Harsh words, but Cas was still smarting from being kicked out of the Bunker, a place of refuge, safety, hot water and hotter burritos.  Logically, he understood Dean’s concerns.  And he also knew that if the danger was only directed at Dean, then Cas would even now have his own room in the Winchester’s luxuriant abode.  But his presence apparently impacted Sam’s safety in some way, and Dean would let the world burn if it kept his brother safe.
He had no regrets.  Not really.  A few minutes of rough sex against a wall was a small price to pay for the benefits.  Every time Dean played ball, gave Cas what he wanted without kicking a fuss, the Angel did something for Sam’s mind.  Dean wasn’t sure what it was, but Sam always slept peacefully through the night afterward and woke brighter, the signs that he was seeing invisible crap noticeably absent.  For a while.
Jody appeared at Castiel’s side a short while later, as red-eyed as the others but wearing a sleepy smile.  She pressed a bar of grain and dried fruit bits that smelled strongly of honey into his hand, along with a tin cup of what his nose told him was extremely strong coffee.
The next time a guy looked him over with that speculative gleam, Dean shut him down hard.  The other teen hadn’t meant any harm, and honestly, Dean had probably been looking first, the jock was a really hot guy.  But what would happen if he tried something and his dad found out?   Dean didn’t want the other kid to get hurt, and he couldn’t stand the thought of his father being disappointed in him.
That's it.  This one can now be relocated from my 'unpublished' folder and I can move onto smuttier tales.  Also, on my final reread, its become abundantly clear to me that those two have absolutely banged in the past.
Ten minutes later, a disgruntled and slightly disheveled Castiel made his way out the back door towards the rear parking lot.  As promised, the shiny black Impala waited in the far corner, her owner leaning casually against the hood perusing a newspaper.  No doubt looking for a job; Dean became edgy if he was too long off a hunt.
It was a reasonable precaution, Castiel decided.  Without making the conscious decision to do so, he leaned upward, using his abs to lever his body up so he could take a deep sniff of Dean’s chest.  He smelled so good.
‘’Quit being a baby and wear the damn sling,” Castiel heard Sam lecturing as he neared the shared fire pit at the rear of Alpha Row.
And then instinct kicked in and Castiel had managed to yank his mind free of the Prayer, blocking Dean’s voice and coming fully back to himself with a gasp.  Castiel blinked his eyes open and looked up at the overbright halogen lights, pressing his hands against the concrete Bunker wall, craving visceral, tangible proof of his reality.  He wasn’t drowning, wasn’t buried alive in a never-ending expanse of black water.   He was alone in his own mind, safe in the Bunker.
“Easy,” Dean grunted. “I'll need a minute, here.  You ain't exactly small I haven’t done this in a while.”
Sam dropped the binoculars into his lap.  “Castiel,” he called out.  “Do me a favor and burn my eyes out of my skull?”  Rowena laughed.
That’s right.  Cas would need that now.  Prep and warm up had never really been a priority for him, though he’d happily gone through the motions with Dean when the other man was the intended recipient of penetration.  But he hadn’t needed any of that himself, his abilities and control of his vessel more than sufficient.
He grinned at Cas’ approach, his hand reaching under the hay to grip an angel-killing blade.  Cas saw the move but ignored it in favor of roughly shoving off his coat, pulling his shirt over his head in a hail of broken buttons.
Dean parked the jeep and hopped out, Sam looming at his side. When Cas made to get out as well Dean sent a sharp gesture at him to stay put.  Fine.  For now.
The modified four-wheeler rolled to a sharp halt a few feet from her.  Cutting the engine, a slim blonde beta female hopped athletically out of the driver’s side.  She wore a long blade in a waist sheath on her left hip, a slightly battered Ruger on the other, and a sawed off shotgun at her back.
He returned from his first deliberant human hunt a day later, calm and collected.  Intent on doing this right.  But when he walked in the door and looked his fifteen-year-old son in the eye, Dean flinched from him.  And all that hard-won calm went right out the fucking window.
Dean stepped up until there was only a few inches of air between them and rested his hands firmly on Cas’ hips.  The angel swallowed.
She climbed into car besides Dean when he slid behind the wheel, Sam in back.  “So, how many eyes you got in that grass?” She asked casually.
“Keep staring, I might do a trick,” Dean told him leaning sharply to the side to snag one of the beers from Sam’s hand.
The familiar sound of heavy fabric dropping caught his attention, and a glance up confirmed that Cas had dumped his trench coat to the floor.
“Hey.  None of that.  I don’t give a rat’s ass what it took to get us here.  I’m good.  No, actually I’m great.”  Dean smirked.  “I’m about to claim the hottest piece of omega ass in the entire pack.”
“Good,” he says. He steps back, putting a foot of distance between them. He crosses his arms, regards Dean’s dishevelled appearance, knowing that it will have nothing on how Dean will look by the time he’s done with him tonight.
Cas shrugs. “Yes and no. This is a well-known spot for it. We can come back later if you want,” he says, smiling slyly.
“Are you close?” he asks, and his voice is wrecked. He licks his thumb, reaches down behind Dean’s balls and rubs roughly over his perineum as his slides Dean’s cock back between his lips.
“Dean, I’m going to make you feel so good,” he says as he slides one finger into Dean, up to the second knuckle. Dean groans low in his throat.
On the bed, Cas’s knees dig into the mattress as he wraps his arm around Dean’s waist, holds him close and reaches down to trail his hand over Dean’s cock.
“There was a spell. Crowley helped me find it, of all people.” Dean grins with an angry twist of his mouth. Castiel feels a little sick.
“I don’t think you understand how incredibly distracting you are,” Cas says, lowering his body, tongue grazing over Dean’s left nipple. With his head tilted down, Dean can see the strength of his back, the trapezoids and deltoids flexing as Cas holds himself up and over Dean’s body. Jesus, he’s strong.
They pull apart, and Cas is moving down, pressing wet, open kisses to Dean’s jaw and throat. Cas is a warm weight above him, and Dean is torn between the heat starting to pool low in his stomach and the unexpected sting starting behind his eyes. He blinks as his vision starts to swim. He blinks.
knows he’s lying, because she’s been watching him stare longingly out the window for days now, and Dean is also kinda worried that she saw him doodling Cas’s name on a napkin the other day.
“Don’t forget to hydrate,” Cas says, turning on his heel and walking out of the kitchen, Dean’s spluttering cough echoing behind him as he goes.
Mary’s asleep down the hall, in the room that had been made up for Cas, the one that he’d barely used at all before Lucifer, before the Darkness. Before everything. The sheets were clean and the bed was made, and there was no way Dean was going to make his mom sleep on the couch. Castiel has noticed Dean staring in the direction of her door all night, and he’s not quite sure what he’s looking for; if he expects her to just walk out and leave, or if he expects to open the door and find she was never there to begin with. He can understand why Dean can’t sleep.
“It’s getting late,” Cas says, and Dean notices for the first time that the sun has started to sink, the beach crowd thinning out and the heat of the afternoon starting to dissipate.
Castiel doesn’t close his eyes when Dean kisses him. He watches the gentle flutter of Dean’s eyelashes, looks at the soft lines at the corner of Dean’s eyes, the gentle arch of his brow. Dean’s mouth is soft and warm and chaste, his kiss so sweet that Castiel could cry.
, he wants Dean so badly, wants to watch him writhe on the end of his cock—he’s gotten so hard again just from teasing Dean like this, from hearing the sweet sounds that have dropped from his mouth as Cas has thoroughly taken him apart.
But then he looks around the empty apartment, the uncultivated land that he’s squatting on, and his chest feels hollow.
Dean walks over to the couch and sits. He looks wrong there, all wrong, like a puzzle piece jammed into an ill-fitting gap in the picture. Castiel should be happy to see him here. But he’s not. Having Dean here just makes it even clearer what a farce his existence here is.
Cas hums, considers Dean. He looks thoroughly fucked out, chest and stomach sticky with semen, hair pulled in all directions, neck dark with marks from Cas’s mouth. He looks utterly, devastatingly done.
Cas slips his mouth up Dean’s chest, up his neck, over the stubble on his chin and up to Dean’s mouth, sealing their lips in a heated kiss.
leg day. The only good thing about it is that he can cheat a bit and take it easy: sort of only half-load up the leg press and take really long rests between sets, and maybe, okay definitely, surreptitiously check out that guy with the messy dark hair and the powerful thighs on the hack squat two machines over.
Dean looks away, looks guilty. Whereas before he’d seemed to fill the room, now it seems to encroach upon him.
Or like this, Cas kneeling on the mattress with Dean in his lap. Dean’s back is plastered against Cas’s chest as Cas wraps his hands around Dean’s waist, holding him and guiding him as he rolls his hips, pushing into Dean’s body faster and deeper.
The second-hand store has the same smell as those in America, and Dean picks through the racks of clothing until he finds a couple of pairs of cargo shorts and a handful of inoffensive t-shirts. Cas comes out of the change room wearing board shorts printed with pink flamingos and a white t-shirt that says “Crikey!” and has a picture of Steve Irwin, Crocodile Hunter on it. Something glitches in Dean’s brain, but he just pats Cas on the shoulder and tells him: “Great choice, buddy.”
It’s Wednesday, and Dean is late opening up the café. He’s been in the kitchen prepping bagels for the lunch rush, and Charlie is late to open the till, so he already has a queue about five deep by the front door when he goes out to open for the morning.
Dean definitely doesn’t go home and jerk off in the shower thinking about Cas’s well-defined back, or strong arms, or thick thighs. Dean’s sure that Cas is almost definitely straight, and cruising at the gym has always seemed a bit tawdry. So he’s going to content himself with casual acquaintance and fucking
Dean knocks on his door just after 10 o’clock. Castiel pulls the front door open, and Dean is standing there, denim and flannel and canvas and smiling almost nervously as Castiel ushers him inside. Dean holds a white box in his hands, which he passes to Castiel as he enters the room.
They stay like that for long moments, Dean’s fingers curled in the hair behind Cas’s ear, Cas’s fingers stroking a long, slow pattern down Dean’s ribs—not to tease, not to entice, but just to feel the rise and set of muscle and bone as Dean breathes. He’s so incredibly lucky, he thinks, to have arrived here. Despite everything—every roadblock, every moment of pain, every denial—he’s arrived here, whole and safe and alive and in love. He can feel that reflected back at him in the way Dean looks at him, touches him, kisses him.
He can hear a shower running. The surroundings slide into familiarity. He’s in a motel room, another crappy carbon copy of the ones he’s slept in a thousand times before. Neon light flickers into the window, bathing everything in an ugly soft red. A thin strip of yellow glow floods out from the gap at the bottom of the bathroom door.
“Move over,” Cas says, reaching down to nudge Dean’s shoulder. He doesn’t want to move. Moving seems too hard right now.
“Dean, oh god, Dean,” Cas breathes into Dean’s ear, teeth grazing against his earlobe. “You feel so incredible. You feel better than anything I’ve felt in my lifetime. This pleasure that you give me is holy, holier than any chorus of the host, brighter than the lights of heaven itself.”
When Dean wakes up, he’s in his own bed. He reaches a hand down to his chest – nothing. The skin is unmarked.
, Cas, please…” Dean is babbling now, rubbing the back of one hand over his eyes, the other clutching the pillow under his head in a death grip.
The next morning dawns clear and bright, and Dean wakes to the smell of brewing coffee coming from the kitchen. He sits up and rubs his eyes looking over to where Cas is setting a French press to steep on the counter.
Cas sighs, leaning down and kneeling on the seat, shoving at Dean until he’s in a sitting position, head lolling against the back of the seat, shoulders slumped. Cas slides in next to him, but leaves the door open. The comparatively fresh air of the garage is starting to circulate, clearing some of the bourbon fug from the car.
So instead he’s built himself some semblance of a life. The mundanity of it itches at him sometimes, and what used to be the roar of grace beneath his vessel’s skin becomes instead a muted hum in the middle of his very human stomach, growing softer with each passing day. He heats tins of soup on the small electric stove in the salmon pink kitchen. He stocks shelves of chips and jerky at work. He moves between these two locations like an automaton, because although he now moves through the world as a mortal, he has no idea how to truly exist within it.
“Okay, then,” says Cas. “See you tomorrow, Dean.” He smiles and pulls the door open and walks back out onto the street. Dean’s not quite sure what happened. Is this a date? Is Cas coming back for a date?
Cas dutifully shuffles over and Dean settles down in front of the radiator, which is silent and still and cold as a corpse. The chill from the wind and snow outside is definitely seeping under the door and the cracks in the windows. Dean feels a sense of defeat settle over his shoulders.
They lock the front door behind them and head down the quiet street, which turns onto a quiet stretch of shops and cafés heading down towards a park. The deep blue of the ocean is just visible through the treeline at the bottom of the street.
“Another time, then,” he says. He opens the car door and slides into the seat. The look he gives Castiel just before he drives away is inscrutable — not because Castiel can’t parse it, but because the weight of it is too much to bear.
Cas pushes him back onto the bed, divesting Dean of his jeans with remarkable speed. Dean watches as Cas undoes his own button fly and shoves his pants to pool on the ground by his feet, stepping artfully out of his socks somehow on the way. Dean feels like a bit of an idiot lying sprawled on the sheets with one sock hanging off his toes, and it’s not helped by the way Cas is almost swaggering, slowly, towards the bed. Those powerful thighs that Dean’s been coveting are flexed and perfect, like a marble statue, strong muscle leading up to Cas’s hard sex, pressing obscenely against the front of his white boxer briefs. Dean swallows.
Everything feels better in shorts and sandals. The sandals, made largely of worn leather straps, feel very uncool, until Dean realises how comfortable they are, and how far away he is from anyone he knows who might judge his footwear choices. Cas is wearing honest-to-god reef sandals, and Dean can’t look at him without a big warm bloom of affection suffusing his chest.
He hadn’t expected it would feel like this. His human experience had been a caged thing, bound within a perimeter of sadness, loss, disconnection, disappointment. He had yet to experience this: joy, relief, the redamancy of loving and being loved in return. Now that he has it, he burns with it from the inside out; he can feel it lighting him in his very core, threatening to leak out of his eyes, his fingertips, the soles of his feet.
Later, Mary had rested her hand on Dean’s cheek, smiled at him indulgently before turning in, and Cas hadn’t been able to look away from Dean’s eyes. Mary was back. His
“I’m taking you to dinner,” Dean says as he fiddles with the packets of nuts hanging by the checkout. The sleeves of his grey henley are pushed up to his elbows. His eyes are evasive.
Dean laughs weakly. “Yep, that is never, ever going to happen.” He is going to carry this one to the grave, should he not spontaneously burst into flame right on the spot. He mentally counts the steps to the manhole in the street, ready again to fling himself in.
Cas’s skin feels warm beneath the single layer of cotton, more raw and real than anything he’d ever felt before through layers of trench coat and suit jacket. He tries not to let his fingers linger, pulling his hand away before leading Cas to the checkout to pay for their clothes.
“And nothing,” says Cas. “We’ve been here. You’ve been here. We’ve been trying to figure out what’s wrong with you.”
Dean’s not going to get excited about the prospect of dolphins. He’s a forty-year-old man, for crying out loud.
Castiel used to know all parts of Dean. Until he’d learned about human boundaries, he’d been able to see deep within Dean, to the very core of him, with little more than a thought. He’d since pulled that back, knowing better than to pry, but he still knows when Dean is hiding something.
They find the witch in a back store room, bowls of blood and burning herbs, acrid smoke and the sharp tang of iron almost suffocating in the room. She turns to them, hisses, starting to chant an incantation.
Dean leans his head down, Cas’s hand coming up synchronously to wrap his warm fingers around the nape of Dean’s neck, pulling slightly until their foreheads are resting together. “It’s all right,” Dean sighs, the words rushing across Cas’s cheeks, and Cas inhales, breathes in Dean’s breath, breathes in the taste of him. “It’s all right. I’m home.” Dean reaches one hand up, fingers curling, tips pressing into the meat of Castiel’s chest. “We’re home.”
He pulls his fingers out of Dean, mindful of the way Dean sobs and his hole clenches around the sudden emptiness. Sitting back on his knees, he grabs the lube, slicks up his cock, and grasps Dean underneath his knees, pulling him into his lap.
He pulls out, applies more lube, and rolls Dean onto his side, slotting in behind him and lifting Dean’s leg out of the way before sliding back home. Dean’s chest heaves with the effort of breathing, his cries reaching a fever pitch at the new angle. From here, Cas can wrap his arms around Dean, cradle him close to his chest and kiss the back of his neck with tenderness. He leans over Dean, kissing the side of his face, bringing a hand up to wipe away the tears that are spilling down his cheeks.
Part of him wants to call Charlie over so that he doesn’t have to deal with this alone. But what does he expect? Is he waiting for her to hold his hand as he takes wobbly, baby-bird steps towards talking to another human being? Dean tries to make his face resolute, pulls open the front door, and steps out to smoothly intercept Cas.
“What can I get for you?” Dean asks, remembering that he’s running a café here, and Cas probably wants a coffee, not just to stand there while Dean’s inner monologue goes to weird places.
“Of course,” Cas says, wrapping Dean up in his arms, twining their ankles together. “How do you feel?”
Dean whines, feet kicking against the sheets, hands grasping at Cas’s arm where it’s still wrapped firm around his waist.
They continue along the beach, Dean keeping his eyes above waist height in case any more old man dicks walk into his field of vision. Before long they reach the edge of the beach and the wooden walkway that leads up to the trail over the next cliff.
Can grins wickedly, climbing over Dean’s waist to settle between his thighs. He parts Dean’s knees with sure hands, pushing them up to his chest, exposing Dean to his gaze. Dean’s hole is puffy and red, a steady trickle of Cas’s come leaking out to run between his cheeks. Without hesitating, Cas leans down and licks it up, his tongue sliding over Dean’s hole in a broad, flat stripe. Dean shouts.
Dean opens his eyes briefly in what looks like the back of the Continental. He sees the back of Sam’s head in the driver’s seat, can feel warm hands against his chest. He looks up into Cas’s face, sees him look panicked, angry.
“Come on, man,” Dean starts to complain, spooning butter into the pan heating on the stovetop. “Really?”
Cas runs a hand up Dean’s arm, to his shoulder, to his chin, which he lifts so he can look Dean into Dean’s face. His eyes are clear, honest, warm, sincere.
“Uncle Benny?” Gabriel asked. “Yes, let’s talk about that first.” He thought it might have something to do with Castiel and Benny’s relationship coming to light and might help Castiel get to talking about it more easily.
“Dean. Call me Dean.” Dean smiled up at Gabriel. “And thank you. I think they’re wonderful, too.” He was absentmindedly petting Miracle, who was still in his lap. He leaned forward to help her down, getting another whiff of Castiel’s cologne. It was fainter now since she’d been pet so much today, but it still made his heart race a little and gave a slight surge to his belly.
“A good night’s rest is the best thing for a speedy recovery.” Ezekiel nodded and began to remove the blood pressure cuff.
He was only able to find the box, but could not get it off of the top shelf of the closet. He thought about checking through Lisa’s purse, which he’d never had the guts to go through or throw out, but it was in the attic with a box of some of her more personal items and jewelry that he was saving until the kids got older. That was out too. Pretty much he felt useless at that point. At least he knew they’d be able to check out the post office box today or this evening. The access lobby was open 24 hours a day.
Dean rested his forehead on Cas’ shoulder, panting heavy gusts of warm air as he continued to ruthlessly work his tiring muscles without sacrificing speed.   But even he was unable to sustain such a brutal pace.
Dean rose from his crouch, to the deafening sound of the crowd’s screams of rage and approval.  He grinned wildly at his pack mates, blood spattered across his face and chest in a maudlin spray of sticky red freckles.  “That hit the spot.”
Overhead, Ellen Harvelle watched them go, her expression stony.  She stood in her place on the roof of the small house that became central command in a fight.  Benny stood at her side, clearly unhappy at being left behind.  The pack never sent all three of its leaders out at once.  Someone had to stay home to run things, and Ellen was the best of the three of them when it came to traps and dirty in-fighting.
Dean went still, dark eyes running down the length of Castiel’s curled body.  After a moment, he turned and silently padded back up toward his tent, the silvery light unfairly bright as it glistened teasing across what had to be a supernaturally perfect set of gluteal muscles.
Magicking a concealed knife into his hand, Dean clutched the other man by the hair, baring his neck.  He raised his arm to slash.
Cas narrowed his gaze, the lost look fading as something far darker emerged in response to the hunter’s teasing laughter.  Without warning, he slid a hand between them, slipping nimble fingers into the waistband of Dean’s pants, stroking along the firm cock he found there.
It was common courtesy to stay away when an omega in heat was with their chosen partner.   And simple common sense if it was an alpha in rut.  Which, thankfully Dean was not, or they’d never be able to get out of bed.
When he finally felt it was safe to open his eyes, his bleary vision was filled with green.  Which was confusing, all things considered.  After a few blinks to clear the residual haze, he was able to take in the rest of what he was observing; the very familiar face to which that particular shade of green exclusively belonged to.
Dean turned back to his opponent.  The man had turned red with rage, his ears all but steaming.  Well, that worked even better than he’d hoped.  Magog was good and fluffed now.
And then Castiel’s mind had slammed face first into an intractable brick wall of icy angelic Power.  Dazed and weak from his effort, Castiel closed his eyes, veering into the concrete bunker wall while his mind throbbed and spun in dizzying circles.
This raging success allowed Dean to trap Heaven’s fiercest Archangel in a cage built of his own will.  Had Castiel not been a part of it, he would not believe such a thing to be possible.
Cas reached into Dean’s underwear with the arm not wrapped securely around Dean’s torso and slid his aching cock out into open air.  He wrapped nimble fingers firmly around the organ and began stroking.
Castiel woke on the fourth, fifth day? Who knew any more?  Dean lay next to him, lying on his belly, snoring softly.  A healthy length of stubble framed his jaw.  Castiel’s rug burned asscheeks clearly remembered that stubble.
Reminder, Chapter 2 is completely unrelated. It takes place during the Leviathon/Dick Roman times, shortly after Ghost Bobby's flask was melted.
Cas met his eyes, searching for the truth in his words.  Apparently he found what he was looking for because he relaxed.  He slid his fingertips along the back of Dean’s neck, his thumb delicately grazing the base of his neck.
“Yeah, it takes a lot more than one good lay to knock out a rut,” Dean agreed lazily.  “We’ll get to round two soon enough.”
Turning on his heels, Castiel left Dean’s house, striding into the deepening twilight towards his house.
On the off chance that Dean had somehow missed the message, Cas waited until she’d dropped off their food, then leaned forward and murmured, “I believe she was hoping to engage you in a more physical relationship.”
Cas shifted his hips, successfully dislodging his body from Dean’s.  He rolled away from the Alpha’s natural furnace of body heat, placing a firm hand on his chest and pushing him flat on his back when Dean made to follow.
Dean slid his bare, and rock hard cock against Cas’, the sensation nearly driving him prematurely over the edge.  “If you keep doing that to me,” Cas panted, “I’m not going to be able to prevent orgasm.”
Daisy-Ann killed with a carefree liberty that made even Bobby uncomfortable.  That she was asking him to stay his hand, well, that alone was enough to make him real curious.  He had to know what this thing was.
Castiel nodded as if that made sense and all was well.  But it wasn’t.  He could feel it coming back.  The compulsion was building, heat and need slowly taking root within his body once again.  He was slowly burning up from the core out, and Dean was just so very…cool.  Something deep inside Cas rebelled at that.  He wanted Dean to be warm too.  More than that, Castiel wanted Dean to be hot and to need.  He wanted his omega to burn with him.
Dean hid his relief under his familiar mask of bitterness and sarcasm.  It wasn’t difficult.  “Yeah, Cas.  You’re a real prince among deities.  Now what the hell do you want?”
“I’ll take it,” Jo replied fervently.  “Any good news is a win right now.  Ill just go wash up and go check on him.  See if anyone in the medical tent needs help.”
“So true,” Dean agreed.  He crouched by the side of the chair, unsnapping the cuffs from the floor chains.
Sam glanced over at his brother for a split second, just long enough to get an answering nod, before turning back to Naomi.  “Instead, I propose a single battle.  A fighter of your choosing against one of ours.  Even fight.”
Castiel had no interest in the beer, really.  There were a select few human consumables that he had developed a taste for.  Beer was not one of them.  But he’d come to realize that the brothers handing each other beers was a subtle ritual, a sign of caring for the other, though they probably didn’t recognize it as such.  Including him in micro-behaviors such as this was a sign of familial affection and he’d decided some time ago to accept the bitter, hop-infused water with good grace.
Crowley raised a hand half up, grinning lasciviously.   Dean rolled his eyes and flicked him off, turning back to the fence and the encroaching group of potential opponents.  A number of alphas who’d been pushing their way toward the fore were now subtly melting backing into the crowd, while others stilled, shifting in place while watching their neighbors.  Dean would have laughed if he wasn’t so pissed.
Sam looked over the crowd.  “Thank you for the support.  It means a lot.  But we are both very young.  Too young, really, to be running such a large, quickly growing pack.  We’re doing the best we can.”  Strong murmurs of encouragement answered his statement.
Cas shrugged.  Sam would know as well as anyone.  He’d partnered with Castiel multiple times over the years.  The idea had never bothered him before, but now Cas found himself slightly uneasy at the idea that he’d had sex with an alpha not his own, even in the past.  He supposed that was just part of the whole mating thing.
Now that Sam thought about it, Dean had never, not even once, pulled a three-day disappearing act since hijacking him from college.  He’d had plenty of sex, of course, the dude was an unabashed man-whore, but it had all been normal, one night stand stuff.
“And you don’t remember anything that happened to you while Michael possessed you?” Sam asked, for 9th time.  Castiel had been counting; he had accepted a bet with Mary.
Dean noticed, of course he did.  He shifted his hips and Cas winced at the pull against his ass, the knot still too full to come out comfortably.  Shrugging at this dilemma, Dean swiped at the moisture between them, coating his hand in slick, and took Cas’ awakening erection in a firm grip, leisurely stroking him to full hardness.
Cas moved with purpose, his goal to get the hunter to the proverbial finish line fast and hard.  A very careful angel spark from his tongue worked along Dean’s length and he jerked, his intense orgasm almost taking him by surprise.
Dean stilled beside him.  “You mean that night at the hotel when you snuck in.”  It wasn’t a question.
“Head’s up,” Sam looked up just in time to see the Impala’s keys flying at his head.  He snapped them out of the air before they pinged him in the face.
The long forgotten vibrator that had first teased his cock into hardness, his balls to clench in foolhardy anticipation, had been long forgotten, Dean’s hot mouth and talented tongue distracting him.  But apparently the toy had not been entirely abandoned.
She laughed.  “Don’t I wish?  That was a good time, yeah?  Glory years.”  She sighed.   “But that’s not why I’m calling.  I put a werewolf down, just south of Cheyenne a little bit ago.  Turns out the damn thing had a mate.  She tracked us down last week.”
But the situation was drastically different now.  Castiel had none of his former strength, and while he was a skilled warrior in his own right, becoming human had changed everything.
He leaned back, his smile a little more crooked and a lot more genuine.  “Life,” he replied with a shrug.  She realized that Dean knew exactly what he was, and accepted it.  It nearly broke her heart.
Everything was so much different then any of the previous times he’d engaged in sex acts with Dean, or anyone else for that matter.  More intense, more sensation, more emotion, more, more, more.  Forget what he’d once said about human sex being repetitive, he could go a thousand lifetimes without getting bored with this.
Hearing his name hollered, Dean set down the crate he’d been helping to haul towards the outer edge of town where his little caravan was camped.  He glanced over at Sam’s call, turning to follow his brother’s line of sight to the right to see what Sam was looking at.
The Roadhouse, once home to her family and any packmates that needed a place to eat and crash, was burned nearly to rubble; the structural beams all that remained.  Given the level of char, they wouldn’t be long for the world, either.
He’d just decided which of his brother’s things he should screw with first when his instincts whispered a soft warning to his hindbrain.  Something was off.  Dean stilled, quieting his breathing and tuning out his aches and pains, devoting all his senses to the soft sounds of the night.
He watched as a dark figure padded boldly to the fire with silent strides.  Impressive that such a large man could move so quietly.  The lack of acute violence in the well-guarded camp suggested this man was pack.  Castiel risked a deep, analytical breath.
Cas stroked faster, wanting to see Dean’s face this time when he came.  He leaned forward, gripping Dean’s face with both hands, looking into his shining eyes.  “Come for me, Dean. Let me see it.”
Cas wasn’t sure whether Dean meant his job as a hunter or taking care of Sam.  Both were interwoven in the core of Dean’s character.
But whatever he was doing, it was at least slowing things down, giving Dean’s giant-sized little brother a desperately needed respite. Cas probably thought he was being generous in helping Sam.  Rewarding his favorite pet’s good behavior, or whatever bullshit the Uber-Angel felt like spewing in the moment.  It would go easier on him if Dean could keep his damn mouth shut, but that just wasn’t his way.
“That’s a good thing,” Dean replied, a hint of relief in his expression.  “You have enough nightmares.”
Then a new thought occurred to him.  Submission came in many forms.  It was a common practice for Alphas to use sex to assert their dominance.  Dropping his gaze outside had been a calculated act, and of course Dean had seen right through it.  Sex, though, would be completely different.  There could be no pretending.
“Truth, Dean.  Between us, always.  We made a deal.  I don’t know love, I’ve never experienced it.”  He looked up, drowning in a sea of brilliant emerald green.  “Please.  I need you to tell me this is real, not some selfless act to save my life.”
“I meant every word,” the omega told him as they walked.  “If you want to mate me you’ll have to force me.  And I will fight with everything I have.”
Castiel was aware that there was any number of things Dean was good at.  He was the greatest living Hunter of his time.  He was astute, and protective, fierce as a bear when protecting those that needed it.   He was clever, and excellent with strategy.  But Castiel had no idea just how good Dean was at riding a cock.
The approaching vehicle held two people, both large men.  It came to a stop a few feet away, it’s occupants hopping nimbly out and striding casually towards her.  Ellen stared up, and up. Great Moon they were massive.
It was seldom one of his preferred positions, though it tended to be somewhat inevitable.  However, with Dean it turned out to be an amazing way to fuck, penetration-wise, and gave Cas leave to maneuver his body back onto Dean’s cock at a speed and depth of his choosing.
“I didn’t know that you weren’t aware,” Castiel told Sam.  “He never told me it was shared in confidence.”
“When I get done mopping the floor with this guy, your ass is next,” Dean warned him, not bothering to hide the sandpapery growl in his words.
Actually, it was far better that Dean not realize how Castiel knew that he was lying.  It was the best possible outcome, really.  Because it had been Dean himself that told Castiel exactly what he was experiencing with Michael.  In a manner of speaking
This wasn’t exactly a new thing.  He’d seen these exact marks plenty of times before when his brother had punched a wall, for any number of reasons.  But when Dean was well and truly pissed, plain old drywall didn’t stand a chance; he always punched clean through.  This was more a skid, like he’d pulled the punch.
It was probably the third day or so when Castiel no longer opened his eyes craving cock. And he managed to go a solid two hours without an erection.  Interesting.  He’d gotten through the worst of it faster than usual.
“Please what?”  Dean murmured, pressing all of his weight onto Cas’ trapped body.  “You can have anything you want; all you have to do is ask.”
A red glint ghosted in Dean’s eyes at the implied threat.  Castiel reached over, running a soothing hand down his mate’s arm.  The red hue faded.
Seeing Castiel’s blank look, Sebastian sighed and ploughed on.  “The ‘bottom’ is the one who will be taking it up the ass.”
Sam shook his head to clear it of the untenable thoughts.  “I saw what you did in there.  You were able to calm his inner Hunter with just a touch.  And your bond has only just begun to form.  Cas, there is a very real chance you saved his life with this mating.”
They had only the barest of security left to them, but those of the Harvelle pack were roughnecks by trade and nature; a handful of the salty old fighters was worth three of most anyone else.  Whoever was coming in hot would not have made it this far if they weren’t welcome.
Another surprising thing; how casually affectionate the man was.  And the hole Cas was digging for himself just kept getting deeper and deeper.  Dean rose, pulled on the first pair of pants he found, and headed to the front door moments before someone knocked.
After a few minutes of Cas moving in him, Dean’s body responded in the predictable way.  Cas had learned to be a fairly skilled lover and without even bothering to try, he’d managed to press a number of Dean’s buttons.  His cock, trapped between his body and the rough sheets was getting just enough friction to keep things interesting, though Dean had no intention of actually letting go.  Cas could fuck him into next Tuesday if that was what he wanted, but no way in hell was Dean going to give up an orgasm for him.
Dean glared at him.  His eyes were red and bleary, but clear and free of the killing haze.  He was just tired and hung over.
Cas slid his mouth slowly down the shaft and off with a faint ‘pop’.  “No, I don’t want you to do that.  I’m not nearly done yet.”
Dean glanced down at the image on the phone with a faint smile, careful not to dislodge the fingers expertly massaging his scalp.  God, he loved head scratchies.
An eternity later, Dean apparently decided he was sufficiently dry and wrapped the too small towel low around his hips.  He bowed his head, gaze focused on the towel as he tucked the corners in to keep the fabric in place.
Unfortunately, this situation was far from normal.  The Winchesters had no experience with opponents like a team of Halos.  Dean wasn’t going to outwit or spook his opponents this time.
Dean sat back up to better stay astride Castiel's lap, gripping the headboard with both hands for leverage as he rocked downward, meeting Cas thrust for thrust.
Dean didn’t hesitate.  He ran his fingers through Cas’ hair, gripping the silky black strands and yanking his head to the side, biting savagely into the mating gland.
Castiel watched him go, slightly bemused, but primarily relieved.  He was also incredibly disgusted with himself.
When he was done melting Sam’s eyes, Cas could do his eardrums too.  Or, better still, completely erase the last half hour from his brain entirely.  Sam looked over to Cas to find his friend was now standing, perfectly balanced, on the upper edge of the of the side of the truck, his trench coat flowing faintly around him in a nonexistent breeze.  His eyes were glowing.
It astonished Castiel how much intimate knowledge Meg had about the individuals on the list, especially for not being omega.  But betas had healthy sex drives too, and apparently that wasn’t something that got you insulted, or worse assaulted, in this pack.
Slowly he nudged his way back into the world, keeping a line out for any signs the Levis were up to something interesting.  It was while Sam and Dean were out hunting their doppelgangers that interesting finally bit.  But it had nothing to do with Purgatory’s most wanted.
Joining Dean with Michael once more, even with the tables turned, had other unfortunate consequences.  It became apparent that Dean was slowly recalling more details from the times he’d existed as an Archangel’s puppet.  He was sharing Michael’s memories, accessing memories of things that the Archangel had done while he had control of his vessel.
A hint of light, and the heavy black fabric obstructing his vision was lifted a crack.  Devilish green eyes peered down at him, a beatific smile more evil to Cas than that of any demon he’d even smote.
A heavy motorcycle with a trailer in tow was headed down the road towards them at a slow pace, a bike pacing evenly on either side.   All three bikes were emblazoned with the black wings of Clan Halo.  Sam waited warily, a dozen guards fanning out at his back.
“Jimmy Novak was indeed an Alpha,” Castiel confirmed.  “But Angels take vessels with secondary natures all the time; our celestial essence overwhelms all of that.”
Jo, the petite blonde he’d met when he first arrived with the Alpha siblings, wandered past, chatting amicably with a pack sentry. Castiel dropped his gaze.  Seeing her reminded him of his earlier behaviour around his new Alpha.  Not only had had he been dangerously brash and assumptive, he’d been rude.
Brunette was clearly the most experienced of the three, Dean decided.  She didn’t try to take all of him in one gulp. Instead, she worked her way slowly up, moving her perfect mouth along his shaft.  Now if only her tongue twisted along his under-vein, but no, that was a very specific, unique move.
She was bat-shit crazy, borderline psychotic, and definitely among the top ten hunters he’d ever run across.  Wasn’t too keen on the research though.  Last he’d heard, she’d hooked up with a historian.  The man couldn’t hunt a blind puppy, but he was a whiz at getting Daisy the info she needed.  She hadn’t had much need to call on Bobby since then.
“I’m an angel,” Castiel replied.  Not many of his kind indulged in sex, it was definitely a taboo among their species.  “It’s never been an issue before now.”
Dean collapsed next to him, curling them on their sides as comfortably as possible.  He felt around until he found an unsoiled sheet and tucked it over their joined bodies.
It wasn’t exactly the answer Cas was hoping for, and it hurt to think he was just another packmate getting the care he needed from his Alpha.  But he had asked.  At least Dean was courteous enough to give him an honest answer.
For a brief, terrifying second, Castiel actually believed Dean had somehow broken free of Michael and ended up somewhere in deep water.  Heedless of his waning grace he reached for Dean, striving to locate his physical location through the ether.
He wasn’t sure how long they stayed that way, Dean energetically riding his cock, the bare skin of his chest and neck sweat-slicked and red with exertion.  Cas hoisted himself into a partial sit, tensing his abs to hold the pose, licking and nipping at whatever flesh he could reach.  If only he had use of his hands, he’d grab his mate, roll him onto his back and fuck him into the sweetest oblivion.  But this was a more than satisfactory compromise.
“A late lunch,” Castiel added.  His mate’s frankly stunning refractory period was surpassed only by his nearly boundless stamina, and Cas intended to make full use of both gifts.
He managed to elude the Angel for a good while longer, using all his carefully honed senses to evade his pursuer.  And the few times Cas had gotten close, Dean had smelled his need and frustration.
Sam grinned.  Good enough.  He came into the room, dragging one of the table chairs next to the bed and putting his feet up.  Dean raised an eyebrow, but didn’t object.  Sam watched the incredibly inaccurate shark movie for a while with his brother in companionable silence.
Sam was nearly completely certain that Dean had known for a long time that Sam was aware of his nocturnal extracurricular activities.  It’s not like either Dean or Castiel were blessed with the gift of subtlety.  But Cas wasn’t really Cas anymore.   Not now that he was full to bursting with millions of stolen souls.  And if he was still coming to Dean in the middle of the night…
Men were always so much easier to pick up than women.  He was pretty good looking and apparently gave off a tough guy aura that gay men found intensely appealing.  That’s what he’d been told by his partner the first time he strayed back into the gayborhood, anyway.  And it usually seemed to be true.
“Try and touch my mate and I’ll break both your arms,” Dean commented, casually taking a sip from his beer.
“Got it,” she agreed, hopping onto a supped up black dirt bike.  She tore off down the dirt path towards the Pack center, disappearing into the rear tire’s dust cloud.
Hands gripped his head, taking control, easing Cas mouth back and fourth along the length of cock more shallowly than he would have on his own.  Still, it felt amazing be filled that way, a delicious preamble of things to come, and he loosed his neck muscles, allowing his alpha full control of his head.
“Are you seriously telling me that you didn’t know?  I thought I was pretty obvious about it.  Sam’s threatened to write you sonnets on my behalf.”
“You know,” Dean said aloud, apparently to the towel.  He spoke in a normal volume, nowhere near loud enough to reach his brother far on the other half of the hotel by the door.
He showed the picture to Sebastian.  The man’s eyes widened and he went uncharacteristically silent.  After long enough that Castiel was beginning to worry, the man shook his himself.  He whistled softly.  “Oh. My. God.”
He pulled up to the house of Mr. and Mrs. Allen and looked in the front window.  The two were setting the table for dinner, a portrait of domestic bliss.
Sam sighed.  “Sex, Cas.  You need to burn off those hormones.  The spell is setting your vessel’s Alpha nature into overdrive.  You need to partner up.  Dean’s an omega and willing.”
“Here we go.  For weapons, I choose whiskey.  First to fall unconscious looses.  Winner decides if he wants to give the unconscious one a throat-length smile.”
And once he knew to look, there’d been signs aplenty. On rare occasion Dean even had Sam drive for a while. An unusual occurrence, but Sam had seen it before, when Dean wanted room to shift and change positions during a long car ride.  It used to highly amuse him.  But that was when Dean had brought whatever caused the discomfort on himself.
Dean narrowed his eyes.  “You, however, not so much.  I thought maybe you were internalizing, or being stoic or some crap.  But lately I’ve been remembering some things.  I think the real reason that you didn’t flinch was because you already knew.”
Although that last part may be more effective than he’d given credit to, Sam reflected, glancing over to his left side at the Angel perched on the truck’s edge.  An angel whose intense gaze was fixed with laser precision on the scene in progress a half mile or so from their current location.
Dean licked his lips, the unconscious action ungodly attractive.  Cas traced the motion with his gaze; fervently hoping Dean was feeling particularly chapped this morning.
Castiel sat back and watched the decamping process.  Despite the occasional squalls from people woken too damn early, they worked well together.  He approved of the efficiency.
Of course, one whiff of this place and his brother would drop supplies at the door and beat a hasty exit, most likely spend the night camping far on the other side of the territory.
Castiel glanced down between the slats of the steps.  The ground really was fascinating.  He sighed.  He knew what he had to do, and he was not looking forward to it at all.
Even if that Alpha was incredibly handsome, his silky skin and taut muscle perfectly accentuated by the play of light and shadow as he carefully stripped out of the last of his wet clothes with one arm.  Then his pants were gone and Dean was standing casually naked as he set out his soaked pants to dry.
That was the point when Castiel’s brain shut down and Charlie decided it was time to show him to his new home.
Trusting Sam to keep watch, Dean turned to look at Castiel with the full weight of his beautiful, hauntingly green eyes.  Cas drank it in, committing the image to memory.  He’d never in his life met anyone like Dean Winchester; and was very certain he never would find his like.
“Alright, then.”  Ellen told the brothers.  “Sounds like we have a deal.  Got a pen?  Brewing hooch may sound simple in theory, but doing it right can get complicated.  This is gonna take me a while.”
“Fine.  Let’s get it all out there.  Yes, mating glands come with the gig.  No, it’s not a birth defect.  I was born with one like any other dual.  I had it surgically removed.  End of discussion.”
Dean stood to his full height, unabashedly nude, powerful and confident. “Do you mean that?”  He asked quietly.
He turned back into the motel to help the boys pack.  Next town they stopped at he’d find a pool hall and dedicate some time teaching Dean how to work a table.  The boy had a sharp eye and excellent coordination; it wouldn’t take long to teach him some tricks.  Hustling wasn’t ideal, but it would get him by in a pinch.  If Dean was careful and didn’t get greedy, he’d manage fine.
“Next time, I’m stealing you away for the night,” Cas promised.  “This was sufficiently pleasant for a minor diversion, but I remember it being far better.”
“Okay, then.  Heal away.  Won’t lie, it’ll be nice not having to see Sam’s stupid smirky face if I have to spend the next week sitting on a donut.”
“Your little beta pack of orgy enthusiasts isn’t gonna cut it this time.  You waited too long.  You’re gonna need an alpha, the stronger the better.”
Dean tossed his bag at the foot of the nearest bed, clearly claiming it, while he sat down and removed his boots.
Cas narrowed his eyes but didn’t comment.  They laid together, simply enjoying being in each other’s arms.  It wasn’t long until Cas started to get restless, the familiar itching burn quickly building.
The angel nodded.  He looked uncertain again.  Maybe a little lost.  Dean couldn’t have that.  He leaned down and placed a soft kiss on Cas’ mouth, letting his tongue slide gently against lips that parted in welcome.  He reached one arm around the angel and pulled him close, his lips dancing against the other man’s.
Castiel’s eyes flew open, his nose filled with the scent of alpha.  It wasn’t rut; the odor was nothing so pungent or dangerous.  But it was definitely sexual in nature.
“Good thing,” Dean mumbled.  “Cuz you were pretty damn weird when you were crazy.”  The naked bee thing still gave him the creeps.  And it was incredibly convenient that Cas remembered each and every hot spot on Dean’s body he’d spent the last several years discovering.
Sam raised his arms high overhead in a massive stretch.  He’d had a nap, far far away from the bunker’s bedrooms, grabbed some lunch and gone back to Rowena-hunting.  So far he had nada.  The damn witch knew how to hide when she wanted to.  He looked up at the sound of footsteps coming along the hall.
More than a few folk carried the iconic blades at their left hip declaring them members of Clan Halo.  Unusual, that.  They were a smaller pack, but one of the fiercest, and very secretive.  Halos were rovers, not prone to staying in one place for long.  They were legendary fighters, feared above nearly all others.  It was decidedly unusual seeing more than one or two in town at once.
A short while later Castiel was actively perusing the names, most of which he didn’t know, when a petite brunette knocked on his porch rail.  Apparently, today was a day for visitors.
“Yeah, you can fuck right off.  I’m on the wagon for a while.  I’m getting too damn old for that shit.”  Dean appeared faintly green at the very thought.
Castiel stood within the bathroom, the foggy remnants of rapidly cooling air swirling around and through him.  What in the very real Hell had just happened?  How had Dean detected his presence?  Did he owe the man an apology?  Dean didn’t seem particularly offended.
Ellen’s arms wrapped around daughter and the last living member of her family.  The teenager shook a little, residual adrenaline and emotions wracking her slim frame.
Dean stood at the counter empty handed, hadn’t even bothered with the superficial motions of finding items to purchase.  And he wore that same toothy smile as the last time he’d appeared at Cas’ register, the one that always guaranteed trouble.   What instinct Cas had left to him kicked in and he eyed the Hunter warily.
He sighed, setting the bottle aside.  He’d like nothing better than to drown his follies in the ruddy depths of home-brewed happiness.  Had he been safely back in home territory among his people he’d be halfway to Blitzville by now.  Unfortunately, he didn’t have that luxury.  Not when he had so many packmates in unfriendly territory.  He’d be no good to them three sheets to the wind.
“What?  Heavens no.  Richard and I parted ways years ago.  He couldn’t handle the bloodshed, the big sissy.  So I upgraded.  Jason is his cousin.  Neither one can hunt worth a damn, but Jason is pretty great with the books, ya know?  And much more creative between the sheets.”
Ellen sighed.  “Yeah, and most like it’d be another fifteen if I weren’t desperate.  Not that I dislike you pair, but there’s some bad blood between me n’ your Dad.”
“Your brother really is quite spectacular, Samuel,” she told him absently.  “Supreme endurance on the lad. And a lovely set of abs.  Why, that girl has to be at least a hundred and thirty pounds and he’s been pumping up into her like she’s near weightless for a solid fifteen minutes.”
Sadness overwhelmed fear.  “What under the Moonlight happened to you, boy?”  She asked, stepping forward and placing a hand on his cheek.  Dean leaned in, arms coming around her as he finally claimed a hug of his own.
Dean’s brain instantly fried.  Before he could get it back online, Cas had gracefully slid to his knees and was industriously working away at Dean’s jean zipper.  His other hand returned to Dean’s ass, taking a firm grip and pulling him forward so that he could slide the jeans down to his knees, catching the elastic hem of his boxers while he was at it.
Oh yeah?  Challenge accepted.  Dean grinned his most charming grin.  “Good to know.  Back to business, then.”  He leaned back in until his lips just brushed the soft skin of the cockhead.   He looked up, locking gazes with the man above him.
Dean leaned down from his perch; licking delicately at the bound Angel’s left nipple, his soft, warm mouth the most amazing sensation.  Castiel had never felt anything like it.  He moaned, pressing his chest up into Dean’s mouth for more.
That was absolutely nothing like what Cas had expected the other man to say.  “Dean, no.  That’s…that’s not what I’m saying.”  He walked a hesitant step forward, reaching out to place a hand on Dean’s arm.  It shook under his touch, the first hint of rejection sickness starting already.
Dean turned, striding to the back of the jeep.  He dug around in the weapon box a bit before returning with a large, empty crate in one hand.   In the other he held a pair of squat, round glasses and three bottles of Hunter’s Helper tucked in crook of his arm.
His stupid, black-eyed brother was currently lounging at his ease, reclining atop a giant roundish bale of hay, three of the Midwest’s finest farmer’s daughters sitting around him in various states of undress.
Dean was always handsome, but he was ridiculously beautiful when he was asleep.  When awake, his eyes always carried the weight of the sacrifices he’d had to make to protect his people.
Dean flipped the knife in his palm, eyes intent on his opponent.  He assumed a fighter’s crouch.  Waiting.
Dean rolled of the bed to his feet.  “And on that note; I am badly in need of a very long shower.  You good?” He asked Cas, raising an eyebrow.
Sam scowled, recognizing the gleam in his older brother’s eyes.  “You’re looking forward to this.”  He sighed in defeat, leaning back away from the groaning planks of the five-foot fence.  Benny materialized at his side, gripping his arm in support.
Dean wasn’t completely past their unfortunate meeting with Sam; his Alpha still very much at the fore.  He wanted Castiel to beg. Fine, then.  Cas would oblige, eventually.  But Dean would have to work for it.
Well, that was one way to handle Dean’s feral side, Cas realized in amusement.  Fuck it out of him.  He’d remember that method in case he needed it later.
Then Dean’s mouth was gone, leaving the sting of cold air in its wake.  Before Castiel had time to protest, the hand on his cock moved, gripping firmly around the base for guidance as Dean raised himself over Cas prone body and began to slowly sink onto his erection.
She mentioned it to Sam as they left the house.  He smiled at her, readily agreeing to all her requests as if it was already a done deal.  Perhaps it was; her people were his now.
Castiel moved until they were chest-to-chest, and leaned up just enough to claim the hunter’s lips in a possessive kiss.  Dean kissed back, of course.  He always did.  He could be midway through an argument about why they weren’t doing this (again) or spitting angry with Cas, but he always kissed back.
Castiel stared at that luscious piece of poetry in motion; physically incapable of averting his gaze.  No one had an ass like that.  It simply wasn’t feasible.  It also bore a distinct set of bite marks at the lower left cheek, right where ass curved to meet muscular thigh.
“So,” Dean began, digging into his food with a barbarian’s decorum.  Sam watched his brother’s ill manners with resigned acceptance.  “What’s up?”
It took a good 20 minutes to reach the road, Winchester territory having slowly grown over the years.  Ten heavy motorcycles, each decorated with a distinctive set of enormous black wings down either side, waited at the designated meeting area.  The group was carefully overseen by a number of stone-faced Pack guards.  Ten Halo bikes.  It was an entire garrison.
Dean chuckled.  “Oh, I’m not stopping.  Don’t worry your pretty head.  I’m just checking in, giving you a minute to cool off.  Hate to see you pop your cork this early on.”
Cas started off determinedly down the hill, a faint echo of dark wings shadowing the ground in his wake.  He glanced back at Sam.  “Give me some time, though.  Twenty minutes ought to be sufficient.”  The teacup screamed in sheer feminine ecstasy.
At his declaration, two Halo soldiers moved in unison to heft Gadreel’s unconscious body onto one of the bikes, balancing him over the handlebars.  Without another word the entire unit smoothly mounted their bikes and drove away.
One frustrating, antagonistic, infuriating, stunningly attractive man.  Cas probably shouldn’t be in the Winchester’s motel room uninvited.  He believed the humans called it stalking.  But how else was he to ensure that his target stayed safe?  And if said target was naked and wet under a showerhead, well, humans did spend an inordinate amount of time bathing.
He hadn’t been aware that he’d zoned out until Sam snapped loudly, calling his name.  Cas blinked, reorienting himself.  He gritted his teeth as another body length shiver of fire burned through his blood stream.
A shudder in the northwest quadrant of the burnt out structure caused the entire upper support beams to rumble ominously.  That was enough; Ellen was calling it.
“Tell Crowley that I graciously accept his gift and I look forward to catching up with him next time we return to Persephone,” he growled sourly.  He turned back to where Crowley reclined on his dais.  Crowley grinned, toasting him with his glass.
Cas shook his head. “No, of course not.”  The cardboard Twister spinner appearing in his hand, he held it out.  “Your turn, Dean.”
“Mystery guy,” she replied, smiling in amusement.   She reached over, slowing her movements when Castiel drew away.  “Easy.  I just have a blanket for you.”
“Yes, Cas,” Dean replied, clearly annoyed.  “Given that one of us is chained to a wall, I could easily have gotten away if I'd wanted to.”  Cas turned his head away, closing his eyes.  Dean wouldn’t have left, even if he didn’t want something, not when Cas’ health was at risk.
Oh, Dean.  We never should have dragged you out of Rocky’s.  You deserved whatever measure of peace you could find.  But they’d needed him.  And Dean never once took the easy way out.  He would never have forgiven them for leaving him to the dream.
Dean took a deep breath, instantly regretting it when the alluring cocktail of hormonal Alpha threatened to overwhelm his senses.  With the experience of long practice, he wrestled his inner self back under iron control, ruthlessly suppressing the bitch until it went dormant.
The other members were nearly as welcoming, nosily curious about ‘that odd omega Dean had rescued’, but were quick to return to their own business at Jody’s warning growls.  Protective in the way of truly good alphas, she’d sensed his discomfort and settled him in a corner by the fire where he could watch the pack move about, the placement granting him privacy without feeling excluded.
As it was, Dean was done before he was.  The omega began squirming, panting heavily. He pressed one forearm against the wall, forehead resting against the arm as he struggled to stay in place against the waves of pleasure.
Cas knelt over Dean’s prone form, the feel of bare skin warning the hunter that Cas had stripped completely.  “Relax, Dean.  I won’t hurt you,” Cas murmured.
He watched as Dean stashed his belongings in a well-established pattern that Cas practically knew by heart.  The large hunter’s movement was effortlessly and oddly graceful for a man of his size, his motions methodical and economic.  Cas had always loved watching Dean move.
The bikes followed close behind.  Six of the Winchester’s finest warriors.  Dozens of others had already taken off on foot, the hunters well trained to stay low and out of sight.
Dean nodded and walked away.  He looked good, a little tired still, but fine.  A tightness in Castiel’s chest finally eased after days of feeling like he was constantly holding his breath.
Whatever the case, finding a partner at The Jolly Roger who was interested in doing the horizontal mambo with him didn’t take long.  Dude even paid for their drinks.  He was good-looking guy, too.  6’1, built, with an open face that hid nothing.  Exactly what Dean had been looking for.  Dean didn’t bother with finding accommodations for them.  He’d parked the Impala far away in a dark corner for a reason.
He glanced up at Cas, mischief in his green gaze, well aware of the picture he was presenting.  On his knees, bare to the waist, his lips pink and shining with saliva, face flushed; if the angel was half the voyeur Dean suspected, he’d be entranced.
“The issue,” Sam continued, “Is that the one time that you actually go through a heat with Dean, you come out mated, despite having spent years refusing him.  It’s going to look bad.”
Sam frowned at Cas in realization that he was still holding onto the omega, and slowly removed his hand.  Taking in his brother’s tenuous state, Sam made a visible effort to calm himself.  He put both hands palm up and took a step back.  Not an easy thing for an Alpha to do, particularly when an omega seemed at risk.
Cass rumbled a frustrated purr deep in his chest.  His mate was so annoying. But Dean was worth it.  Mostly.  Well, at least he had a nice ass.
Castiel took one last glance at a peacefully sleeping Sam.  At least he could do this one thing.  Dean would have been pleased with this outcome.
“Why would that concern you?” Castiel asked, distracted by Dean’s neck.  He’d been aware that he’d missed or two marks, but he didn’t realize it was quite that many.
Dean rolled his shoulders, loosening muscles as he waited, alert and curious.  Rafe’s sons were legendary but he’d never laid eyes on them himself.  He’d heard the stories, of course, and if they were even half true he might actually have a real fight on his hands.  A moment later the question was answered as Dean’s opponent shoved through the crowd and hopped the fence in single a leap, easily clearing it without touching.
Cas obliged, allowing Dean to savage his mouth, whimpering as the hand on his ass slipped into his pants, fingers sliding along his slickened crack to tease at his hole.
Sam didn’t ask about the scent thing.  Dean was usually careful not to mention how his superior senses relayed information to him, only what he’d picked up, and Sam knew not to ask.  It was just one of the perks of the dual natured; every sense was intensified.
Dean collapsed on top of him in an exhausted, sated heap, lowering his legs back down. Castiel wrapped his arms around the other man and rolled them to their sides.  Dean’s eyes were closed as he panted, gulping in deep breaths of air.  Cas wasn’t much better; he may or may not have blacked out for a moment at the end, there.  Gradually their bodies calmed as they came down from a truly impressive pair of orgasms.
Dean hastily stood up from where he’d been lounging across his bed, his tone deliberately nonchalant.  “Hey, Cas.  What’s up?”
“What, me? Well, staying for the end, of course.  The show isn’t nearly over yet.   And really Samuel, its best to keep me around, don’t you think?  In case your glowering friend fails?  A witch in the hand, and all that.”
The angel hissed at the sensation, straightening up and taking the shirt with him.  Dean tilted his head enough to allow the other man to slide it all the way off.   He placed his palms flat against the cool metal of the Chevy, framing the angel’s lean hips.
“We’re good, Cas,” he murmured, brushing his lips one more time against the angel’s before letting go.
“Okay guys.  Fun time is over,” Sam announced.  “I want this area seeded with hidden guards.  An even dozen ought to do it.  I’ll send out replacements at high moon.  I don’t trust that pack to keep their word.”
“Yup.  I figured it would have to be a very patient soul who could handle stubborn, difficult omegas.”
Jo nodded, making the knife disappear from wherever she’d pulled it.  Castiel blinked at her skill.  She was very fast.
“Do you deserve that?” Cas asked, biting a sharp red trail of teeth marks down the side of his neck.  “You were so much trouble to find.”
The wild, feral thing that had been living inside Castiel’s chest for the last few months finally settled to rest as he quietly followed the siblings down the bunker hallway.  Dean casually snarked at his brother as they walked, his quips coming out a little more forced than his usual off the cuff attitude.
“Hey,” Dean interrupted.  “It wasn’t a big deal.  You didn’t hurt me, Cas.”  Castiel was aware that he hadn’t caused physical pain, but spiritually…he was shocked that Dean was allowing him anywhere near him again, much less with touching privileges.
Sam had not heard that.  Nope.  La La La.  He busied himself with thinking about the ritual ahead.  He hoped Castiel was right, and it’d go more smoothly than the last time.   But still, he’d make sure to hide all the hammers.
It had to be his upcoming heat; unwanted instincts driving him to actions he’d otherwise never even consider.  The last thing he needed was a stupid, demanding Alpha thinking he had some claim over him.
Sam sighed.  Dean wouldn’t talk about it if he asked.  He hadn’t when he and Cas had first started going bump in the night, and he almost certainly wouldn’t now.
Castiel was now completely certain that Dean wouldn’t allow himself to be buried alive in the ocean, not anymore.  Not when he knew Castiel might end up sharing his fate.
I have a propensity for writing short(?) one-off's so there may be some of that later.  Probably an epilogue, at least.  And I'll fix some of the typos.  I promise.
Cas pulled himself to the edge of the bed, stopping only when the chains pulled taut.  He wanted nothing more than to go to Dean, hold him, check on him.  Something.  Anything.  But he had the feeling that, even were he able, Dean wouldn’t allow him anywhere near him at the moment.
Grabbing his jacket and taking a quick glance in the mirror to make sure he was presentable, he ducked out the door.  He was looking a little rough around the edges, but still, pretty damn good for a man who’d only recently dug his way out of his own grave.
Dean paused his actions, taking in the expanse of newly bared skin with open appreciation.  The overpowering, demanding entity within Cas calmed even further, pleased to be so admired by its chosen partner.
“Aw, none of that.  You’re making me blush.  Now if you’ll kindly excuse me, I’m going to put myself down for a well earned nap.”
Castiel woke to soft murmurs and the thrum of activity around him as the Winchester Pack rose with the chilly dawn.  Sleepy faces muttered at one another, frequently punctuated with variously pitched growls, clutching dented tins of steaming brew as they went about their assigned tasks.
Two of the most powerful, dangerous alphas he’d ever met were staring each other down, and he, an omega that both had some claim to, was stuck between them.  This was one wrong move away from bloodshed.
“Damn it,” Sam swore.  For the first time since their arrival, the large Alpha lost his cool stoicism and actually looked nervous.
Dean raised his head to lock eyes with Cas.  “You just cleansed me of all of that.  It’s all gone.  I can feel it, Cas, building inside me, and it won’t be denied.”
Without warning, the grass gave way to a massive open area, dotted with small houses in no particular pattern.  The plateau gave way to hills that disappeared in the distance, leading to a boulder spotted area to the south side, and a dark forest line to the north.
But it didn’t track.  Omegas were very protective, caring.  That didn’t mean weak.  It seemed to Sam to be the exact opposite.  Alphas protected through control.  Omegas did whatever they had to do to keep those they cared for safe.  It seemed to him that that drive could be every bit as ferocious a cocktail as Alpha dominance, and more viciously unpredictable.  Not only that, he'd seen his brother with admitted omegas plenty of times in the past, from everyday people they'd committed to saving, even other Hunters.  Dean seemed to hold them in same regard as anyone else, with the same expectations and without any judgement towards their own abilities.  It didn't make sense.  Except it completely did with the right context.
Ellen played with her bread.  “My pack was never super wealthy.  The Roadhouse was all we had.  But raiders targeted us last season, and they never really stopped coming.  Lately it’s been bad.”
Castiel grumbled to himself as he curled back up in his blanket.  He was well aware that he wasn’t being remotely rational.  Dean had smelled him, read his clearly defensive body language, and responded appropriately to the very obvious ‘go away’ message.
The Mark of Cain had risen him, and his idiot demonic self had promptly busted out to parts unknown.  So Sam had to hunt him down, again.  Strangely, it had been far easier this time around.   Even with Rowena’s help, it shouldn’t have been this simple.  He’d caught up with Dean in less than 48 hours.  Perhaps without Crowley egging him on, Deanmon didn’t bother thinking about anything beyond his own amusement.  Or more likely, Dean had a private agenda all his own, though Sam had absolutely no clue what Demon Dean could want.  The last time the Mark had brought him back to twisted life, he hadn’t seemed all that intent on planning ahead.  Deanmon thought it, he did it, with little regard for what would happen next.
Sam didn’t understand.  And what he didn’t understand, he researched.  Hacking into private chat rooms was wrong, he knew that, but this was for Dean.
The savage bite over the mating gland at the back of his neck throbbed, an aching reminder to the unexpected direction his life had taken.  He rubbed at the mark, gut tightening at the accompanying rush of shame as he recalled what had happened.  What he’d taken, he told himself firmly.  He wouldn’t sugar coat his actions, even in his own mind.  He didn’t have the right.
Dean didn’t give any warning before opening his mouth and sliding soft lips halfway down Cas’ cock.  Time to get this mouth party started.  The startled moan his move elicited was extremely satisfying, spurring him on to greater efforts.  This was Cas’ first blowjob, and maybe his last.  Dean thoroughly intended to make it memorable.
“What?” Cas asked before he gasped at a particularly sensitive slide of skin against skin.  “I don’t understand that…oh!”
“Easy ladies,” Dean replied languidly, stretching his legs wide.  “There’s plenty of me to go around.”
Taking that promise to heart, Cas settled into the bed, content to wait as Dean swiftly began disrobing him, working the small buttons of his shirt open, pulling his tie free and tossing it aside.
“Typically no,” Cas replied, shaking his head.  “The scent of the sunlight is apparently particularly spicy this season.”
But he needed to get a break from the same four walls.  Muttering to himself, he rolled off the couch and grabbed his jacket.
“Welcome to Winchester territory, Alpha Harvelle,” Sam began, observing the formalities.  “If you want to come into our territory, we promise you safe passage for the duration of your visit.  But we can talk here if you’d rather.”
“Hold up a second,” Dean raised a slightly sticky hand up.  “We haven’t discussed your place in this.”
“What were you thinking, popping a wheelie on that road?  It’s practically paved with loose rock.  You’re gonna break your fool neck.”  He set the rider down, far more gently than his gruff tone suggested.
Ellen glanced over at Sam, catching a flash of sad affection as he looked at his older brother.  He knew what Dean had grown into as well.  And what Sam so clearly had not.  She wasn’t sure which was worse.
Cas stood in the center of the room, staring levelly at the hunter, his eyes so blue they nearly glowed.  Yet, anyway.  They weren’t glowing yet.  Dean fully expected to get a full dose of the Angelic Headlight effect before they were done.
Before Sam could answer, a large Halo stepped forward, removing his helmet to reveal a firm, square jaw; dark eyes and short cropped dark hair.  “Are you ready, Winchester?”
Sam stood up, sliding his bag over his shoulder and turned toward the door, swearing to himself when he noticed.  There it was again.  A fist-shaped dent in the wall, right about at his shoulder level.  If it hadn’t been tinged faintly with blood, Sam would most likely never have noticed.
Dean placed his hands on Cas’ shoulders for support, grinning.  “Hold on tight,” he warned, and then he moved.
Dean rolled off his body, lying pressed to Cas’ side while the sated x-angel caught his breath.  Dean watched the heaving of Cas’ sweat slicked chest and abdomen with unhidden interest.
“Because you weren’t hiding that limp nearly as well as you thought you were, and I smell fresh blood on you,” Sam replied frankly.
Dean slid into the passenger seat, hiding a wince of pain from his watchful brother’s attention.  The next night that that one-pump-chump of an Angel popped in for a quickie; Dean was definitely keeping his smart-ass comments to himself.  Actually, that was a good one.  One-pump-chump.  Cas would hate it.  He’d have to remember it for next time.
The girls nodded eagerly, eyes rapt.  Occasionaly, one would gaze at the photo still pulled up his phone. That was alright, he’d share the image with them, and he liked watching how they reacted to what was exclusively HIS.
Even his issues with heats had been largely resolved.  He had found a number of beta friends and they’d formed a small, selective orgy that helped each other out when the time came.  The whole thing was Meg’s brainchild, of course.  But it worked.  And during the few times his heat was particular strong and he needed an alpha’s care, Castiel went to Sam, occasionally Benny, or a lovely female alpha from a tracker team he’d met that was always happy to take him for a ride.
The destruction of his home hit him significantly harder than he was letting on.  Dean knew of course, for all that he wasn’t saying anything.  That observant little shit played dumb so well it was easy to forget that all the aggression and sarcasm hid an astute mind and sharp eyes.  Too sharp, sometimes.  Dean read body language the way his younger brother absorbed lore.
Sam flashed him a grin.  “There is that.  But he didn’t get that, either.  You could always take off into the woods and offer yourself up.  That’s one sure way to get him back.”
He decided on a shave, wanting to clean things up as much as he could.  Sam would be back any time and, while Dean’s brother was well accustomed to seeing him sloppy and out of control for any number of reasons, he wanted to at least appear like he had a handle on things.
That was a good idea.  Castiel reached behind him to grab Dean’s arm, settling his head against a muscular bicep.  Dean chuckled.
“Thank you,” he muttered, eventually letting go.  Cas took a deep breath of air now that his lungs were no longer compressed.
Dean jumped up, pulling himself half over the fence, leaned in and pulled the Pack Blade from Sam’s belt.  He’d trained with it since he was a kid, the familiar heft a welcoming weight in his grip.
Dean moved closer until they were pressed chest to chest.  He leaned down, his breath tickling Cas’ neck as he ran his nose along the sensitive skin just behind his ear, soft lips brushing against his neck.
Dean swore and turned back to the steering wheel.  “I guess you want to ride along on the meet, then?  Say hi to your old pals?”
As yet, they still no idea about what, if any thing, could actually hurt GodCas, so there was no real point in trying to fight him.  And there wasn’t really any reason to bother, anyway.  It wasn’t as if what was about to happen was anything like new for Dean.
He nimbly worked at the zipper, sliding Cas’ pants and underwear to his knees and baring a very excited cock to the world.  Damn, the dude was stacked.  Good thing Dean had solid control of his gag reflex; he’d be needing it.
“Stop,” Castiel said, stepping around Sam.  “I’ll leave with them.”  Which wasn’t remotely the same as agreeing to return home with them, but they could interpret his statement how they would.
Slowly he came back to himself, recovering from the jarring psychic hit.  Even after he’d begun to reason again it took a moment for Castiel to understand the true horror of what he was experiencing. When he did, he wasn’t sure if it was better or worse than his initial impression that Dean was swimming alone in some endless ocean.
It was still discomfiting to see Dean Winchester in this fashion, purely in the flesh.  It seemed so… two-dimensional, when Dean was anything but.  Cas was accustomed to seeing the vibrant golden glow threaded heavily with swirlings of deepest jade and turbulent storm-cloud grey that was Dean's soul energy cascading around his mortal form, his overabundance of aura overwhelming the mundanity of Dean’s physical body.  He'd initially believed that his inability to view that glittering wave to be a crushing loss.  A mistaken viewpoint on his part.  One that had changed the first time Dean had found him, escorting his sadly mortal form to the Bunker.
He was laying it on thick, but the farmer’s daughters were eating it up.  And as for that other thing…well, as best he could judge, this was going even better than he’d expected.  It wouldn’t be long now.
Castiel leaned up and claimed Dean’s lips in a gentle kiss. Dean’s body shook as rejection toxins built up inside him.  Castiel reached up and ran his thumb tenderly along the savage bite at the back of Dean’s neck.  The shivering faded.
"I promise," Dean swore, and Cas knew it to be a vow.  Choosing to forget that Dean was perfectly willing to lie when he needed to, he took the oath into his heart and held it close.
Confidence and skill aside, he legitimately wasn’t sure how much of this he could handle.  Cas had set a bruising pace from the beginning and gave no indication of slowing down.  Dean’s throat was quickly heading towards the wrong side of raw and he’d nearly choked on his own saliva a few times.  And if he didn’t get to come very soon he was going to punch something.
Castiel wasted no time; he rose back to his feet, and pulled off Dean’s shirt.  He didn’t have much time before the orgasm-muddled brain cells came back on line.  He guided the sated hunter to the bed, positioning him on his belly.  Dean hadn’t been wearing shoes, and Cas was able to pull the denim completely off one leg.  He swiftly began unbuckling his own pants.
But holy hell the man smelled good.  Dean had never scented anyone like him.  Castiel smelled like baked apples and cinnamon, with a sharp bite of winter storm.  That luscious scent was everything that was good and right in the world, and Dean wanted nothing more than to take the omega in his arms and roll around with him until that unique scent saturated him to the skin.
He had no regrets.  Not really.  A few minutes of rough sex against a wall was a small price to pay for the benefits.  Every time Dean played ball, gave Cas what he wanted without kicking a fuss, the Angel did something for Sam’s mind.  Dean wasn’t sure what it was, but Sam always slept peacefully through the night afterward and woke brighter, the signs that he was seeing invisible crap noticeably absent.  For a while.
The advertised omega was unceremoniously shoved into the prize corral, the gate locked firmly behind him.  The male was bound at the wrists with a long chain, the far end dragging in the dirt behind him.  Dean found that interesting. It was a curious amount of precautions for a lone omega.  They weren’t exactly renowned for their violent tendencies.
Castiel slid against the Bunker wall to the ground, unaware he’d curled into a ball as his conscious mind again became overwhelmed, fully enmeshed in Dean’s terror.  Together, they struggled endlessly, desperate, fighting for a single precious gulp of air.
Guarding and dispensing weapons was his current assignment, though he eventually planned to take charge of one the hunting parties.  He had the skill, but it would take time to develop the trust needed to assume a lead.  He’d barely been with the pack a year; he’d get there.
“Yes.  If you’ll have me,” Castiel replied.  He stiffened, hoping the Alpha didn’t take that as an invitation.  Omegas had been claimed for less.  “I know I’m not exactly a normal omega.”
Sam gritted his teeth against the aggravating, oddly rhythmic sound of heavy metal clinking.  The noxious sound almost masked the even more vexing, far fainter tinkle of fine china.  Dropping the binoculars to his chest, he rubbed at his eyes in an attempt to normalize his eyesight after too much time spent squinting through refractive glass.
Dean rubbed tiredly at his eyes with one hand, the other clenching into a fist.  “The sooner the better.”
Sam grinned, relieved to see his brother up and about and so relaxed.  And hungry.  Best possible outcomes.  He disappeared into the kitchen to grab beer and plates, returning to see that Dean hadn’t waited for such extravagance before digging in.
Dean knew exactly what was up.  He’d known since he got back that there was no of avoiding this particular conversation.  That didn't mean he was particularly looking forward to it.  Dean watched warily as the angel closed the door behind him with exaggerated care.
“Now, now.  You know Winchesters don’t run from a fight, Sammy,” he told his brother, grinning toothily.
Dean pounded up the steps one of the larger cabins that smelled of something delicious.  “Yo!  Pack me up three meals to go would, ya?”
Dean grinned, his bright smile a disturbing combination of eager and bloodthirsty.  “I’ll go first.”
Sam shrugged.  “I never really gave it much thought.  I’ve heard worse names.  Still, it won’t hurt to keep a guard out for a while.  Good practice if nothing else.”
“Yeah well, ‘just you’, it’s your turn to have a melt down.”  Dean slid gracefully to his knees, pleased to hear the gulp above him.  This was something he was particularly skilled at.  Time to rock the angel’s world.
Dean didn’t know where all this confident, teasing attitude was coming from, but he sure wasn’t complaining. It was sexy as hell.  Somewhere in the recesses of his mind he wondered if Cas would end up wanting to go all the way right now after all, in a dark parking lot, pressing Dean up against the Impala.  The encouraging throb his cock made at the thought made it clear he was completely on board with that outcome.
While the two had become steady friends, frequently going on camping hunts or even border town trading points once in a while (but never Persephone, Dean had forbidden it and Cas hadn’t bothered arguing with a decision he agreed with), Castiel always made a point to stay far away from Dean near the start of his cycle.   The Alpha always obliged the unspoken request, tending to disappear for several days just before Castiel’s heat came to the fore.
Dean was many things, dumb wasn’t one of them.  And he was almost supernaturally observant.  He must’ve read something of Cas’ hesitation in his body language or expression.  If Cas asked, he knew Dean would agree to switch roles.
That open dare was more than Castiel's could resist.  Even as the physical chain faithfully kept Cas’ wrists firmly bound over his head, the mental one restraining his inner alpha snapped like kindling, and he began thrusting for all he was worth into his omega’s welcoming ass.
Castiel lunged forward, grabbing the Hunter by his shirt and hauling him forward while walking backwards until Cas was backed up to the wall again, Dean’s chest slamming into his with the force of Cas’ pull.
Castiel straightened in shock, eyes wide as he took in Dean’s deadly serious gaze.  That was one way to fix things.  If Dean claimed Castiel, there would be no rejection, no illness.  They’d be a mated pair, free of reprisals.  It would save Cas’ life.
Sam was very sure that their father wouldn’t have seen omegas that way.  Dean had always idolized their dad. It wouldn’t take much.  A few words of disappointment in the fragile time just after a heat, voiced concern that Dean couldn’t do the job, a nudge about Sam’s safety, maybe a jab or two about weak spots.  More than enough for Dean to decide that his dual side was a personal weakness that needed to be shored up by any means necessary.  Dean would not only have agreed to the procedure; he’d have asked for it.
Dean rolled his eyes. As if he’d stray from the pack for that long.  “As I recall, there’s a nice, soft field of clover to the northeast a bit.  I’ll be back in an hour.”
Dismissing Crowley for the moment, Dean turned to eye his opponent.  “Weapons?” He asked, stretching his arms and giving knuckles a good crack.
Statistically, Dean had a remarkable habit of dying in unexpected ways.   Providing adequate protection required a great deal of dedication on Castiel’s part.  Even when he left the Winchester’s side to travel the world, he kept an ear open for the hunter’s heart rate, the low, steady beat a soothing background sound for when he had to be away.
Dean coughed out a genuine laugh, the move making his throat ache.  “Did you feel me at any point try to stop you?  I have two free hands, you know.”  That thought elicited the first hint of other scenarios, and he put a firm halt on that.  His neglected cock throbbed its own encouragement.   Damn it, he couldn’t take that thing anywhere.
He’d watched several training sessions, and been assigned a future date to spend some time one on one with a trainer to evaluate his skills.  Castiel was looking forward to seeing the look on the man’s face.
Dean didn’t do this often.  He was self aware enough to know his reticence came from good ol’ Winchester conditioning, and there was nothing really wrong with wanting what he did.  He had absolutely zero issues with dudes doing dudes.  As far as he was concerned, anyone who was a consenting adult should get theirs any way they wanted and good for them.  As long as the ‘dude’ in question wasn’t him.   Which, he was all too aware, was a fucked up viewpoint.
It was completely dark out by the time the long path Dean had chosen circled them back to the cabin.  Cas had disappeared and several more times during their walk; once with an additional beer in hand.
Distantly, he heard the sound of crumbling concrete crashing to the ground.  Guess he should have placed his bet on the wall to give first.  For a few moments he could track his pursuer by the sound of metal clanking against the ground, but then that disappeared and all that remained was silence.
Dean snorted.  “Do I seem like the ‘life mate’ type to you, Cas? Everyone that gets close to me ends up fucked up or dead.  And are you suggesting that if Sam finds someone special, that relationship is less special because he’s a norm and doesn’t have an extra bundle of hormones and nerve endings at the base of his neck?  Is his potential to love not as true as mine?”
The lead truck made an abrupt right turn onto a neatly concealed dirt road without warning.  It was a clever bit of illusion, the turn hidden in plain sight among the wall of tall grass.
Ah.  That made perfect sense.  Castiel’s mind fixated longingly on the thought of a motel room.  A private place, where he could sleep in relative quiet on a bed of his own, sounded infinitely preferable to a thready sleeping bag on a pile of popcorn boxes.
Dean groaned, tilting his head in acceptance of the marking.  His hips ground down, meeting Cas thrust for thrust.  Castiel didn’t realize how close he was to completion until his cock pulsed, filling the space between them with sticky fluid.
A tightness gripped Castiel’s chest at the thought of his stolen friend.  He envied Sam the surcease of rest.  It was not an escape available to him.  Sick of the confining halls, Castiel had made his way to the secondary supply room.  He shoved aside a heavy bookshelf and slipped into one the many escape hatches scattered throughout the Bunker.
The chain clinked annoyingly between them as they walked.  Dean ignored it for the moment.  He’d need to send someone to run back to Crowley to acquire the keys at some point, but it’d keep for now.  He just had to get back to his pack before the damaged arm gave out.
“Yes,” Cas agreed.  “You should be flattered.  In a world full of options, I’m choosing you as my just reward.  It’d be wise to show some gratitude.”
“I…I don’t understand,” Cas stuttered.  But it was a lie.  He knew exactly what Dean was referring to.  The two of them had been in this position before; many times over.  But Castiel had always been an Angel.  As strong and skilled as Dean was, he was still merely human.  His species was simply no physical match against a soldier of Heaven.
“We shouldn’t talk, Dean,” he said reasonably.  “I only have the one mouth, you know.  I can hardly converse with you and simultaneously administer a blow job.“
Cas wasn’t sure what to say.  He had no idea why what Dean had done to himself felt so devastating to him.  From a warrior’s standpoint, it was an intelligent choice.  But from what he knew from Metatron’s mental dump, that gland was a very special link between mates.  They felt things, knew each other in a deeply emotional, passionate bond.  He couldn’t help but feel Dean had destroyed something precious with that brutally logical decision.
Flashing him a tight smile, Jo ran over to the last motorcycle and threw a leg over the seat behind a large male.  Both motorcycles held two passengers, though the rear rider would roll off long before the meeting and come in hidden on foot through the tall grass that framed the southwest side of Pack territory.
“Dean,” he murmured.  His hands tugged ineffectually against the cuffs.  He wanted to wrap his arms around Dean’s sweaty body, hold him tight, pet and caress.  Instead, he lifted his face, nuzzling gently against Dean’s neck.
“Well, maybe next time you won’t pop your cork faster then a teenager with his first porno mag,” Dean snarked.
Cas moved his hands, fingers sliding down Dean’s sides until he gripped the edges of his shirt.  “Can I…”
The haunting smell of delicious food broke Cas out of his self-imposed silence, and he spoke easily with Dean as they parked the car and headed in.  He settled into the greeter’s allocated booth, allowing Dean to guide him through the menu, as Castiel was a little lost at the three pages worth of meat options.
“Then I must be doing a decent job of it,” Dean retorted, leaning for his own sniff.  “Apple with extra cinnamon.  My favorite.”
“Because you were being tortured and there was nothing I could do about it!  If I couldn’t save you, at least I could be there with you.  I thought maybe, at least I hoped, that you might be able to sense me, too.  Maybe you could feel me and understand that you weren’t alone.  That you just needed to hold on a little longer.”
But, then again, he could slip.  The tile was very wet and Dean had no traction; it was best that Castiel stay a little longer just to be sure.  Dean apparently took the drying process as seriously as he did showering; the circular motions along his body unnecessarily thorough in Castiel’s opinion.
He used his remaining hand to work the buttons of Dean’s shirt, choosing to break each one rather than go through the trouble of sliding them through the little eyelet.  He was still so angry.  Ruining Dean’s shirt was the least of his concerns.  The outer shirt open, he slid his hand to Dean’s waist and under the material of his plain white tee, up his chest to rub a thumb against one sensitive nipple.  He willed a spark of angel grace to pulse from his fingertips, the faint blue glowing under the thin material.   Dean jumped as the sharp kiss of Divine electricity shocked his sensitive bud.  Dean always complained that it hurt like a bitch whenever Cas did that, but despite his words it never failed to make him rock-hard in seconds.
Once Bobby spilled all Sam had told them from the brother’s arachne hunt, he sat in his chair and thought.  A quick phone call to the boys reassured him they’d taken a break from hunting their evil twins for a routine ghost hunt out in Pennsylvania.  They should be fine on their own for a bit.  Plenty of time for him to take a trip out to Colorado and see what all the fuss was about.
“This is pack central,” Sam told her.   “The outer ring of homes are private residences, but the more central ones are shared resources.  Dinner hall, weapons storage, supplies, motor pool, et cetera,” he explained, though he didn’t point out which was which.
“No offense, Cas.  But getting close to you now is the last thing I want to do.  Be patient; you’ll get all the closeness you’re little Alpha heart desires soon enough.”
Dean was leaning against the brick wall by the door, his arms crossed defensively across his chest, a stubborn look on his face.  And John saw red.
Dean shrugged.  “I always make sure my partners are satisfied before we’re done.  Particularly if I’m working an omega through their heat.”
Dean didn’t say anything.  Instead, he crawled half off the bed, digging through his bag.  He popped back up a moment later, negligently tossing a half used bottle of lubricant near the head of the bed.
Purple hair licked her lips.  The hand on his balls moved up, cupping the hard ridge of his cock and stroking.  Dean groaned, thrusting into the touch.
For all that she’d never forgiven John, he’d had to raise two boys alone and keep his small pack of misfits alive in some very difficult times.
It was a fair concern, Castiel admitted to himself, considering that that inner Alpha had already drained all of Dean’s carefully cultivated hormonal blocks just to get him in the desired state.  But there was no spell affecting his control anymore and Castiel was fully back in charge of his actions.
Sam was having a nightmare.  Hardly a rare occurrence for either Winchester.  Cas would be a wealthy angel if he had a dollar for every time he’d heard one of the siblings crying out their subconscious mind’s horrors into the night.
The hands on his shoulder slid up his neck, fingers soft, but applying just a hint of pressure.  Cas hands cradled his head, holding gently as Dean worked his mouth in slow, even strokes up his shaft.
Cas cried out at the sensation.  He was by no means new to it, but even in his own vivid imaginings, he’d never dreamed Dean would do this to him.  He was just so…Alpha.  Alphas took, and fucked, and used.  They didn’t care what their bedmate felt.
Dean approached the map room cautiously.  He needed to go through there to get to the other side of the bunker, but it was an excellent place for an ambush.  He carefully examined every shadow, quieting his breath and listening intently for the tell tale clink of metal to give his Alpha away.  Nothing but silence.
He stepped fully out onto the roof, softly closing the hatch behind him.  Directly overhead, a half moon filled the Kansas sky, bathing his surroundings in its benign glow.  Something deep inside him quieted as a cool breeze ran teasing fingers through his hair, mussing the dark strands.  This was right.  This was where he was supposed to be.
For a moment Cas swore he could hear the echo of heavy wood slamming against metal.  Bang.  Bang.  Bang.
“Busy, huh?” Dean parroted, raising an eyebrow.  “Well, according to this,” and Dean held aloft a presumably pilfered copy of the Gas N Sip employee schedule.  “You are officially off in five minutes.”
Having vented all his contained anger, and really, he was still trying to rein in the blood-high from the fight, Dean turned his back on the stunned omega and lifted his box again, choking back a grunt as his shoulder popped.
He was bone-tired, and didn’t bother to hide the emptiness in his voice.  This version of Castiel wouldn’t care one way or another, anyway.  And Dean would be damned if he showed an ounce of respect to the being that had consistently lied to them and ultimately broken his brother’s head.
Castiel was just shedding the heavy beekeeper gear following a check on the newest hive when he heard the warning whistles.
“Yes, Dean. We are doing this.  Because you almost left me.  Condemning me to a lifetime of knowing you were in your own private hell, somewhere where I couldn’t find you.  And you didn’t even talk with me.  You couldn’t be bothered to say good-bye.  So you will give me this, now.  You owe me, Dean.”
Dean sagged, leaning heavily against the wall, wrapping his arms around his bare chest.  All that radiant Alpha energy slowly drained out of him, leaving a tired man in its wake.
Cas shook his head  from side to side, subtly trying to shake off Sam’s hold without making a production of it.  It didn’t work, the Alpha’s grip holding him firmly in place.  Despite the hold, Cas was able to turn his head enough to look behind him.
“The only details that involve you are thoughts on who we should assign to guard that border.  As I recall, you are grounded till that arm heals, bucko,” Ellen shot back.
One hand released Dean’s ass to slide around and cup his balls, gently massaging.  Cas rose smoothly to his feet, leaning in for a kiss.  Dean didn’t even care where Cas mouth had just been; he reached forward and yanked the other man against his body, taking his mouth in a demanding kiss, full of teeth and tongue.  Cas kissed back, his thumb stroking along the base of Dean’s cock, hand still cradling his aching balls.
“I’m surprised that my touching this area doesn’t bother you,” Cas admitted.  “Many of these marks are perilously located.  It’s flattering that you trust me this intimately, but I wasn’t exactly in my right mind of late.”
Magog roared in pain.  Blunt was a truly underestimated weapon attack, Dean had noted before.  His blade was too short for most strikes; he’d need a good opening to make it useful.  That or slowly bleed the giant out; but that was a risky strategy.  Dean would not be able to survive more than a few blows from someone with that much raw power.
In which GodCas isn't done with his pet, Sam isn't as oblivious as he seems, and everything sucks for Dean.
He began climbing the sturdy, ancient ladder hidden within the tunnel.  It was the work of minutes to reach the top rung and pop open the round hatch, revealing the Bunker’s roof and a velvet sweep of night scattered with stars.  Castiel took a long breath, inhaling the fresh, clean scent of pine.
Life was immensely, impressively unfair.  So what the hell else was new?  Sensing eyes on him, Dean turned.  Their new omega was watching warily.  Dean nodded to the man, publicly acknowledging his presence among the pack.
Now a full two nights had passed since Dean disappeared, though Sam’s trackers had followed Benny’s trail a short way into the woods before hitting water.  His patience was about at an end.  If Dean didn’t make an appearance by the end of the third night, Sam was going in after him.
John sighed.  He pulled his boy into a fierce hug.  “He’s gone, Dean.  Dead and buried where no one’s gonna find him for a good long while.  No man touches you like that, you hear?  They try it and they’re dead.”  Feeling Dean stiffen in his arms, John let go.  He’d offered all the reassurance he could at this point.
Dean nodded.  “It’s appreciated.”  Chugging his coffee, the Alpha rose and strode back in the direction of Alpha Circle.
“Oh, you did something, alright,” Dean muttered.   “Damn near made me blow my load from some basic rubbing.  You failed to tell me there was a natural sex kitten hidden under that trench coat.”
The knock on Dean’s door was soft enough that he wasn’t sure he heard it, at first.  But then his door swung open and Castiel poked his head in with a hesitant “Dean?”
“Anyway, I pulled the waist of his pants down and that thick, meaty cock just sort of sprang free, you know. Right at my face.  Like it knew where it belonged.”
Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, looking distinctly uncomfortable.  “I’m about to go into one hell of a heat.”
Cas’ gaze trailed to Dean’s neck.  He raised the hand that had been resting on Dean’s bare chest, trailing his fingertips along his neck.  Dean knew exactly what he was doing.  The Angel had left an impressive array of bites and bruises along Dean’s body over the last several days.  He wasn’t sure exactly what state his neck was in, but the sting alone told him it was significant.
Castiel could never have imagined how vulnerable that order would make his partner until Dean obeyed.  The way his body shuddered, lost to the world, eyes rolling back as he gave up everything was both humbling, and the sexiest thing Castiel had ever seen.  It was more than enough to make him follow, empting his load into Dean’s sweet heat.
Ellen steadily met their matching gazes.  “We got almost nothing to offer.  Hardly any able-bodied fighters, the kids got one parent left or none at all.  Most the omegas lost a mate, they aren’t doing well.  A few trucks, some weapons.  But there is something of value I can offer.”
Was he such a coward that he couldn’t handle being intimate unless he was perpetually capable of slamming his partner through several walls?  Regardless of whatever issues were clouding his mind, he found that his current, most dominant need was to get that distant, cold look out of Dean’s gaze.
“Okay, okay,” Dean rolled back onto his side, the move dislodging Cas’ stroking hand.  “Phase two it is.  We take it easy, and you want to take a break, or go slower?  You tell me right off.”
It was in Sam’s instant acceptance that he was able to find that last one.  It was enough that Sam had his back.
She’d never expected to be welcomed with open arms, not only offered a home with the pack, but granted equal status with the two Alpha leaders.  However, Sam and Dean were young still when their had father died.  And they were smart enough to know the value of the wisdom that came with age and experience.
And that’s when young Sam had realized all his painstaking research on the dual-natured was useless.  Because if his strong, brave, tough-as-nails, and yes, bossy, brother was an omega, then he literally understood nothing about what the sub-types really meant.
It helped that Sam was Alpha as well as an alpha.  As bad off a state as Castiel was in, it was probably the only reason it had worked at all.  They’d agreed that if it looked like his body was rejecting this approach Sam would switch to the traditional method.
He pulled out a newspaper and leaned against the hood of the car to wait.  It wasn’t long until the couple emerged, arms laden with grocery bags.  Bobby folded the paper and walked past, deliberately shouldering Emmanuel hard as he went by.
“We have plenty of jobs around here.  You don’t have to hunt or fight if that’s not your thing,” Charlie had told him in her sweet way.  But then she’d added, “But you will damn well know how.”  She didn’t need to tell Castiel twice.  The omega was totally on board.
“Well, they’re illegal as hell, so you won’t find it in a hospital.  They aren’t complicated or anything, just delicate.  You inject a boatload of neutralizer into the gland, flooding the receptors.  Then you go in, basically cut a hole out of a hole, scar up the tissue really good to make sure nothing grows back, and keep it clean till everything heals.”
Initially, Castiel had parted ways with Sam Winchester with more than a few misgivings.  In his experience, walking alone into the heart of a pack would not go well.  He’d spent the short walk trying to work out how to efficiently state his case before he was impaled.  As it happened, he’d worried needlessly.
Sam glanced over at his pack mate.  Frowning at Benny, he turned back and reached out to place a hand on his brother’s arm.  “Dean,” he said, sinking an entire conversation into the one word.
Dean wandered back to the bedroom, slowly opening the door.  Castiel was standing at the side of the bed.  He stood tall and beautifully naked, every muscle stretched taut.  He truly was a striking creature.  Strong, powerful thighs, a narrow waist, cock standing eagerly at attention against a dusting of pale hair that treasure trailed up to a nicely chiseled set of six-pack abs and wider shoulders than one would think, their width typically hidden beneath the suit and rain coat.
"I forgive you.  Never fucking do it again," Cas told his lover firmly, kissing the sensitive spot at the base of Dean's neck.
Cas’ eyes narrowed dangerously.  “Make it thirty.”  Turning, he marched towards the distant hay bale.
Benny was one of the Winchester’s best fighters.  More importantly, he was what they called a ‘quiet alpha.’  At first sniff, he smelled beta.  Big and brutish, sure, but still a beta.  Not that it mattered; any one of the Winchester pack’s betas would mop the floor with anyone dumb enough to go toe to toe with them.  But their alphas had a hard time standing by watching them fight.
Which, he was aware, was complete and utter crap.  But before he could further analyze the situation, Dean reached out and turned off the water.  Finally.  He stepped out, reaching for a towel and began drying himself, the forest green fabric stroking down a muscular chest, dipping intimately between his powerful thighs.  The fabric slid around his hips to his back, cupping the perfect swell of what was a truly masterful ass, each buttock taut and rounded.  Castiel clenched his hands into fists to keep from reaching out to touch, his treacherous mind quick to replay what it had felt like to grip the firm muscles of Dean's ass in both hands as he pulled the hunter's hips flush against his own.
He had taken charge over the Pack beehives and they were thriving to the point that honey had been added to the list of major Pack trade items.  Due to the specific purity of his special blend, it proved to be a particularly profitable trade to the medicinal traders.
Dean looked annoyed, but finally nodded along with whatever his brother was telling him.  Apparently satisfied, Sam strode off in the direction of the two covered trucks, speaking softly with the crew while he checked the firmly latched crates.
“The name’s Benny, sweetheart.  How about I make you a list of some of the available alphas and betas you can talk to.  And yes, I’m typically on that list."
Knowing that wouldn’t detract Dean for an instant, Castiel turned on his heel and strode purposefully away.
He finished up and went back to the room, confirming that Sam continued to sleep on, oblivious to their nocturnal visitor.  That was good.  If Dean had his way, Sam would never find out about tonight.  Dean put on a different set of clothes and dug the whisky bottle out from the side of the bed, downing the remaining contents in a few swallows.
He settled down on the ground with his back to the log, securely tucking himself into the folds of the thick blanket. His hidden knife was a reassuring weight in his forearm sheath.
Although at the moment, Rowena seemed perfectly content to recline on the old truck bed next to him, her amused expression occasionaly flitting over to the fixated trench coat clad figure of Castiel.
“Yeah, no,” Dean replied coolly.  “This is between me n’ Cas.  And anyone has an issue with my mate can come talk to me about it.  Sometime that isn’t now.”
Sam smiled affectionately.  Coming around the table he reached out, clapping Dean on the shoulder.  “I’m happy for you, big brother.  You did good.”
Castiel joined half a dozen other people in the open-backed truck, already anticipating a miserable ride.
Dean grinned ferally.  Now they could really play.  He’d spent a good half hour roaming the halls, inundating them with his pheromones.   His Alpha would have a hell of a time tracking him by scent.  And with the cuffs in place, he couldn’t use some kind of Angelic tracker to cheat.
“You’re different,” Dean continued after a moment.  His hand resumed moving along Cas’ shaft.  “I’ve never craved anyone the way I do you.”
Dean fell back on the couch onto his back, rolled to his side and took a deep gulp of the rotgut, banishing the image of that beautiful, empty blue gaze as best he could.  And he knew, deep in the dark part of his mind, that the next time Cas came calling, he’d do it all over again.
“It won’t,” Dean replied sourly.  “After a certain point, ruts can’t be denied.  You screw or you burn up until it kills you.  Not sure how that jives with your Angel mojo, but with that spell on board I’m not inclined to risk it.”
Well, this was a conundrum.  Castiel had actually had been thinking Sam, so now he’d have to scramble.  Several of his beta friends were off on a run; they’d not be back for a week two at the earliest.
Cas appeared content to pace beside him, focusing very hard on god-knew-what.  Maybe listening to plants again.  Hopefully it didn’t lead to any more questions about cosmetics.
Cas made his way to the kitchen. The two Winchester brothers were both seated at the table, plates of food, a few bottles of beer, and covered dishes spread out across its surface.  From what Castiel could make out as he came in, they were discussing safe topics, pack matters, reminiscing about shared memories and the like.  Both Alphas appeared calm.  This was much better.
Dean nodded.  As he turned to walk away, John grabbed his arm one more time.  “Be honest with me.  Are you hurt, son?  Do I need to take you to a doctor?”
Castiel wasn’t sure what either of those things was, but Sebastian seemed infinitely more knowledgeable than an obstinate screen that blinked at him.
Sam heard the sound of the passenger door open as Cas roughly stowed his brother in the passenger seat.  “Easy tiger,” Dean complained, though his tone was relaxed, lazy even.  “I’m all about the rough handling, but give a man a few minutes to recover.”
Dean snorted, choosing to down a significant portion of his beer rather than acknowledge the question.
Castiel took several slow deep breaths, blowing his exhales out through his nose like an agitated horse.  A few moments later he stilled, sagging in his chair.  The calm didn't last.  Not even a minute later, his upper body stiffened and he turned his head focus on Dean.  The Angel's gaze sharpened, focusing with a disturbing intensity as he stared fixedly at the Hunter.
“Go to sleep, Cas,” Dean murmured.  “I intend to stay in bed for at least two days.  When we get up, we have to tell the family.”
Dean pressed his ass back against Castiel’s cock; the deliberate tease all the encouragement Cas’ needed before sliding in with a single thrust.  Dean groaned, clearly on board with the rough entry.
Muscles that had been taut for too damn long finally relaxed, and Castiel wrapped an arm around Dean’s shoulders, burying his nose in the Alpha’s neck.  Leather and fresh tobacco with a hint of clover honey.  That so-familiar scent, intermingled with the soothing pheromones of his Alpha, eased the cramping in his stomach, quelling the worst of the chills.
“My name is Naomi.  Thank you for meeting with us.  We’ve been on the road for some time, tracking a missing member of the clan.  We believe that after months of searching, we’ve finally found traces of his whereabouts.”
Dean eyes opened, his black, pupiless gaze staring challengingly out into the distance when the girl swallowed his cock as far as she could.  He groaned, eyes sliding shut.
Damnit.  He never had been any good at refusing Castiel.  And he’d missed this more than he’d allowed himself to think about.
“Dean,” Cas voice brought him out of his musings.  “I want you to roll over onto your stomach.”  The order in his tone brooked no discussion.  Apparently foreplay time was over.
“You never rescinded permission,” Cas reminded him.  The angel had lost count of the number of times he’d invisibly loitered in Dean’s room for no other reason than to simply watch him since the time they’d reached their agreement:  observing was allowed; invading his personal space required an empty room and at least minimal warning/conversation.
Castiel’s thirst took on a whole different meaning as he watched the water sluice down Dean’s tanned chest in luscious drops, glittering on pert nipples made taut from the freezing water. Firm pectorals gave way to abs so perfect he wanted to dedicate hours to contouring each isolated muscle with his tongue. And really, how did a man with such broad shoulders have such trim waist?  Completely of their own violation, Castiel's eyes traveled further down, where just a hint of a smooth hip ‘V’ peeked teasingly above his tactical pants. Castiel hastily dunked his head in the water, relieved when the icy chill helped clear him of his hormone-driven obsession.
Hearing grunting and sounds of a fight, Ellen turned and followed the sound, automatically planning on putting out a fire, breaking only when she remembered it wasn’t her place.
So saying, Dean stood up, dumped several slices of pizza onto Sam’s plate and took the rest of the box with him.   He was hungry, damn it.
For the most part, Dean had never much seemed to care one way or the other how the sex worked out, as long as it ended in orgasms.  Except when grief or rage powered him, when he worked out his darker emotions on Cas willing, and endlessly strong body.   Cas had always enjoyed that level of his Hunter’s passion and was glad he could be there for him in that capacity, though it saddened him that Dean hurt so deeply.
Sam was just so annoyingly good at being convincing.  And he’d made a fair point.  Just because Dean ‘could’ didn’t mean he necessarily ‘should’, and they’d brought plenty of well-trained fighters for a reason…blah blah blah.  Fine, whatever.  Sam could take over the damn rear guard.  Dean and Benny would have a wonderful time together riding side-bitch.
When he came around the corner, Dean was loading their duffel bags in the trunk of the Impala, Sam handing him the lighter loads.  He didn’t know what Dean had said to his little brother, but Sammy was laughing, no sign of his earlier concerns evident.
“My body was still mine, scars and all, but my blood was virgin pure.  But that was okay.  I knew what I needed to do to fix it, and they had better drugs by then.  One or two crazy cycles, easy enough to hide with Sam disappearing all time and then I was good again.”
It wasn’t all that he smelled, but that was between Benny and Dean.  It wasn’t the first time the two damaged males had found a measure of peace in each other and it was unlikely to be the last.
With a parting smile, Sam turned and strode purposefully up the hill in the direction his brother had gone.
It was said in the same tone as most of his dialogue, cool and deadpan.  But his face told a different story.  His gaze on Dean was…intense, and he was definitely breathing faster.  The angel’s eyes were so radiantly blue they may actually be glowing.  Dean took all that as a good sign.  And being the object of such intense focus was definitely rubbing him all the right ways.  Time to do some rubbing back.
Dean needn’t have worried.  Just a few strokes later and Cas thrust deep, his cock buried to the root in Dean’s throat, and stayed there.  Dean wasn’t getting enough air, his nose was stopped up from all the fluid and he felt the first dizzying hint that passing out was a very real possibility.  He wrapped his hand around the base of Cas cock and squeezed, constricting his throat at the same time.
It wasn’t all Sam had smelled, but he kept that part too himself.  Dean was on the cusp of losing it.  His eyes had adopted an ominous red glow behind the soft green that Cas adored, and a brief sheen of impending violence skittered  across his retinas.  Anyone with a hint of common sense would see the warning for what is was and find a reason to remove their body as far from the vicinity as possible.  Sam, of course, clearly wasn't going anywhere.
A brief flicker of pressure on Dean’s lips and he heard motion, Cas sliding back down to the ground.  He didn’t hesitate to take Dean’s cock back between his lips, sliding his mouth up and down his rock-hard shaft in a smooth, measured pace.
The omega swallowed, looking up at the tall Alpha.  When it was clear the newcomer had no intention of answering, Sam smiled gently a placed an easing touch on the man’s arm.
He yanked the reluctant gearshift into drive and headed back the way he came.  He had two young idiots and a barrel full of Leviathan to get back to.
Cas spun around to face her, ripping a few hairs out from his head and handing them over to the witch.  Sam blinked.  That was…surprisingly easy.  Cas must really want to know what the group was saying.
Castiel loved it here so much.  He clenched his fist, hoping against logic that there was some way this wouldn’t end in disaster.  But even if he somehow managed to evade the Halos, would the Pack allow him to keep his place among them?   Would Dean?
That was yet another indulgence Dean had enjoyed in the hours they’d been at play.  He’d sucked, licked and teased Cas cock into red, aching, rock hard agony, only to release it and ply his mouth elsewhere.  Inner thigh, balls, neck.  He’d been anywhere and everywhere that a sly tongue and stinging teeth could instigate a burst of pleasure.  Cas had many, many such places accessible to his lover, even bound on his back as he was.  And Dean knew each and every one.  The bastard.
He happened to be absent when Dean came back around to the side of the frayed cabin where their car was parked.  He eyed the cabin’s leaky windows, their moisture-stained panes completely occluded with warding sigils.  He really didn’t want to go back in; Bobby’s absence in the cabin was a persistent dull ache in his chest, and if Dean had to endure any more of his brother’s concerned gazes he’d flip his damn lid.
Castiel could appreciate the sentiment, even if he had no practical knowledge.  The place he’d grown up in had never really felt like home, and since the day he’d left he’d wandered aimlessly, never finding somewhere he was willing to settle.
Dean clenched his fists and held on as best he could.  “Cas, man.  It’s been a while, here.  I know my control is legendary, but I’m just a man.  Either slow down or I’m gonna pop sooner than you probably want.”
And then Dean was gone.  Just like that.  Without so much as a word.  Castiel’s relief instantly gave way to personal affront.  Was he not worth even a cursory scenting?  The Alpha hadn’t given a single sniff back, much less responded to Castiel radiating desire at him.  Castiel was an excellent specimen of an omega, thank you very much.  And he was nearly in heat, damn it!  He deserved a little interest.
“Trying to throw me in with the pack will only foster dissonance,” Ellen told them bluntly.  “I get that.  Driving me off won’t work, either.  Not really.  Folk will always know I’m out there somewhere.  It’s okay, I knew how this would go from the start.”
