Steve rolled his shoulder. Prepared for the argument ahead. He marched his way towards Director Carter’s office, Romanoff and Barton close behind. Barton had his grumpy face back on. Romanoff twirled the poster tub in her hands as they made their way to the elevator. The three stood in, turned on the spot, Barton pressed his key pass in the slot. “Welcome, Agent Barton. Level eight Clearance.” The robotic voice greets them, the doors closed, and the glass elevator began to climb.
The knock at the door, stopped all conversation, Jarvis gestured for them to stay, Tony started up the conversation again, they were all happy to laugh at Tony’s silliness, until Peggy Carter came through the door. Everyone stopped to look at her, she had tears in her eyes. “Anthony, I’m so sorry.” Tony stood up quickly, his chair screeched as it moved back. “Aunt Peggy?” Peter let the tear flow freely down his face. Tony stood in front of his Godmother, “Tony, there was an accident…” Ana covered her mouth to hold back the shock. “Howard, had been drinking on the flight across, they got involved in a road accident.” Tony eyes were wide in shock, “Where are they? Where’s Mom?” Peggy, coughed and took a step forward, “Tony, they didn’t survive the crash.” Peter was as his Dad crumpled to the floor, screaming with every breath he had. Peggy took a step forward to give her godson a hug, but he refused, chanting, ‘no, no, no, no!’ to himself over and over again. Peggy nodded, she apologised to Jarvis again and left the Stark Mansion.
The truck braked hard as it skidded towards the group. The truck came to a halt a few paces in front of them. The engine cut out, and the driver side door opened. Clint jumped out and carefully walked round to the front, “Natasha!” He sprinted forward into her arms, squeezing tightly! She gripped tightly onto the back of his quiver. Steve lowered his guard, Smiling at the pair, he placed his hand on Peter’s shoulder and squeezed tightly. Peter grinned, jumping on the spot at the reunited team but he stopped when he heard the other truck door shut, whipping his around to see Steve.
“Uh, just wait… I uh want to show you something.” Peter had debated last night if he should tell Tony about his powers, he need to stretch his legs or he’s going to not burn enough energy in a day, his Pop’s suffers from the same problems. His appearance here has also changed the time line he guesses, so what has he got to lose? “I have powers… like a spider with…super strength and speed. I was bitten by a mutated spider so I have theses powers.”
Director Carter was getting agitated, Steve could see she was near an outburst, why was this kid so important to this portal? They aren’t actually going to force the kid near that thing? Are they?! “Peter, I need you to understand…” Director Carter was interrupted by Tony again. “No. He doesn’t get hurt, end of.”
Steve curled his arms around the kids back, one of Peter’s hands moved to clutch and grab at the front of Steve’s uniform. Peter let out a gasp of a sob, his face red with tears, the streaks marked down his face. Steve thoughts wandered again, he saw is future self, every mission that he will take, ends successfully. That he lives in the future, he and Tony stay close friends, enough that Peter means something to him, he wasn’t in his Captain America suit, he was dressed nicely but haggard, he clearly had also worried about Peter. He appearance hadn’t shocked him, but Tony’s wedding ring had. Tony had adamantly stated that he would never marry, that anyone he married would be after his money and a quick divorce, so to see a wedding band on his hand was shocking. Someone Tony trusted enough to actual marry them and have a son with them. He should have checked the other man’s hand for the matching band.
Once Peter was back to his own timeline safely, surrounded by his family and his two loving father’s, Steve vowed to himself that he would decline the next international mission and finish the renovations on his mother’s apartment and well… retire. Well aware that he could afford it, the idea appealed to him as Tony had always suggested. It would allow him to watch over Bucky and any recovering he could make after all this time and spend his life in peaceful silence, mourning, he guessed, the loss of …
Tony laughed and wrapped his arm around Peter, “Come on live a little! I probably don’t let you do this in the future, so have fun, hang out with the big boys. Peter quickly tried to get out from Tony’s arm, “look, I’m just not like that ok, you would totally not be on board with this idea!” Tony stood up and made his way to the phone, dialling Rhodey’s number.
Tony, flicked his wrists, the crisp white bedsheet flew out over the double bed, floating down to sit over the mattress. Shuffling past the travellers trunk at the bottom of the bed he pulled the sheet over the corners and tucked it in underneath. Stepping back to appreciate his work before he reached down and threw the pillows up and over to the top of the bed. Tony patted them down and squared them off with the bed. Turning round he pulled the duvet off of the desk chair and sorted it out over the bed. He smiled to himself, happy that when Peter gets home, his bed and his room as a whole are ready for him, including; free of charge, all his washing done and some of the homework he’s missed.
I thought you had an assistant to assist you with assisting me!
“I’ve done something to change the future.” Tony watched Peter’s face as it twitched subtly, fear flashing only for a second, he was gaining a poker face and Tony didn’t like it. This kid wasn’t getting a choice, he was going to have to make tough decisions on behalf of Tony and Tony didn’t like that either. This kid… his kid thought he knew what was going to happen but now it was all up in the air for both of them. Peter could disappear like in Back to the Future or just get to a future where he doesn’t exist. Tony had to help him.
Steve felt the truck slowly pull away from the guard post. He released an involuntary sigh of relief that he was leaving the compound in one piece. At best they had a couple of hours before they would be reported missing, Steve felt the truck hit a slow rough patch on the ground then come to a stop. Steve whipped the tarp off his body and using his upper body strength, jumped over the edge of the truck and walked into the passenger seat. The cab of the truck was a mess, papers strewn all over the floor and old soda drinks lingering in every available cup holder. Clint pulled off toward the main round out of the forest once Steve buckled in. “Ok, what’s the plan Cap?”
“Steve?” Tony gripped the arm rests as he slowly stood up from behind Peggy’s desk. Steve collapsed to his knees, the shield hitting the ground with an almighty thud, he cried. Silent tears at the sight of his friend. Alive.
He’s got to admit that he obviously misses home, but the lack of press was nice, they didn’t even hang around Tony that much during this time, they really just focused on Howard, who was too busy running the ever-growing Shield to be found at his own company meetings. Maybe it was Shield’s doing, Peter thought to himself, all the peace and quiet, hiding away, he’d spotted Agent Coulson once, he was dressed as a police officer, standing by his coffee shop. Only once, he gave him a nodded and never saw him after that. Peter knew Tony’s schedule, he was in his advanced mechanics workshops. Maybe he should stop by with lunch. Peter stood in line at his work, choosing two rolls, an extra shot coffee, one hot chocolate for himself and a shared salad. Margaret refused to let him pay for the lunches. Patting him on the head and shooing him out the door.
Hello and Happy New Year!  Apologies from the extreme lateness of this chapter! I decided to rewrite parts of the master plan for this story with some changes to this chapter taking the longest to implement, so sorry!
“I’m just happy for you, you’re a very different man from the one that’s running around just now.” Natasha wrapped her hands around the large coffee mug, giving a light blow to cool off the top before her first sip. Steve drew in a quick breath through his nose, creating a quiet whistle. “I can’t remember this, neither can Tony or the family to be completely honest. It’s worrying, I don’t know what’s changed I don’t know what’s going to happen to us when we get home but we are going, no matter what.”
Peter walked in taking in the sight of the expansive white room, the grand piano sitting front and centre, in the bay windowed area. Peter dropped the board games down on to the large glass coffee table, moving some of the magazines out of the way, noticing that the covers were exclusively of Howard. Peter flipped them over.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony sighed. throwing the sketch book down next to him, he rolled off the end of the bed. He made his way through to his own room, revenge is best served cold, so he decide to just leave the bed unmade. Smirking to himself as he sauntered across the hallway. Pulling on a grey suit and a light blue shirt, he looked over himself in the mirror. Checking each side of his face, he made the decision not to shave, just to really give it a go at the facial hair, might make him look older in the boardroom. “Lets hit the road, Rhodes!”
“So, you know about Steve?” Peter sat up a little, nerves getting the better of him, keeping his attention firmly on the booklet, Natasha smiled at him, “Yeah, you didn’t really hide it that well, also Shield’s got a file on your DNA breakdown.” Peter’s shoulder slumped, guilt and a little bit of worry at how much information had already fallen into Shield hands. Natasha felt a hint, it was a very small concern, of worry for the kid. “Also, you may look like Stark’s double but that smile is all Steve’s. You are his spitting image.” Peter finally raised his head up from the report, grinning ear to ear at his Aunt, “Not many people say that, thanks.” Peter was lost in thought again, smiling to himself.
Tony laughed directly into Steve’s face, “I don’t think I’ll be in situations more dangerous than with Howard.” Peter let out a laugh and slapped his hand across his mouth, trying to play it off as a cough. Faking the couch and looking out the window but when he looked back, Tony looked a bit stunned that of all the things to laugh at, it was that Tony was going to get hurt frequently. Tony stared at Peter who just shrugged casually.
Steve turned back to Natasha who was watch his reaction. “I don’t know what to do…” Natasha turned back to Clint, “We have to get the kid home at the very least, Shield could help him, we’re not going to let him go now, he does need to serve justice for the crimes he has committed.” Steve bowed his head. It would do for now. He felt a solid hand rest on his shoulder. It was  '
Jarvis watched, sadden by the sight, missing the sight of Tony shovelling food in his mouth, taking excitingly about his day, a chill passed through his bones, the thought that he might never see that young boy again. Tony finished half of the plate. Ana rubbed his back gently. Tony let the tears run down his face, quietly. The house phone rang. Jarvis quickly got up to answer it before Tony could move. “Stark Estate, Jarvis speaking, who is calling?” Jarvis stood quietly listening. “Ma’am I will pass on your message promptly… what do you mean outside. This is private property.” All three turned their attention to the knock from the front doors. Tony look towards Jarvis who was still fiddling with the phone. Tony made a guess as to who it was. If It was the shooter then it wasn’t the worst mistake to make.
Steve was fiddling with a patch of leather on the back of his hand that made the noise. He rolled his fingers again trying to find the source of the noise, he finally noticed the difference between the two gloves. The louder glove was slightly worn, the other a close match but fresher leather. Steve fiddled his nails under the patch of leather, the sound of Velcro peeling away. Steve quickly pulled open the panel. Sat in a small plastic flat pocket was a small photo of Peter and Steve. Steve studied the photo closely, frowning as to why Natasha would send a photo of his friend’s now dead son.
“You made her you know?” Peter said with an ecstatic smile at Tony. Tony let out a happy breathe of air, widening his smile, watching the program run flawlessly.
Peter woke up, the clock in front of the square box TV stating that the time was 14:35. He sat up and rolled his neck and arm joints from sleeping on the old couch. Peter found himself relieved that he had landed in the 90’s rather than 1890’s but he still had no idea how to return home. He’d hope it was a dream, but the sensation of the liquid striking his face had felt all too powerful to have left him in a dream. He sat up and inspected the note that Tony had stuck to his forehead.
He turned to face Peter, who had begun to doodle on the edge of the note pad while Tony was on the phone.
“My name is Peter James Stark, I’m your son from the future the year 2016 and I don’t know how I got here but I think I’m now stuck back here whenever this is and to be honest, I’m so scared right now and I just need my Dad.” Peter started to pant heavily. The air struggling to get into his lungs.
It took the movers half an hour to finish the job and take the new address from Peter, they said by the time they work their way over to the other side of campus it would take an hour. Even Tony couldn’t figure out why it would take that long. Tony locked the door and kicked the keys under the door for the landlord to get later. The pair strolled across campus to the new flat, enjoying the autumn breeze for a while, quickly stopping to pick up new food and cleaning stuff for the flat.
“I’ll be home in time for family movie night. Later losers.” Tony kneeled down bracing for the pressure. Clint hit the enter button and Tony’s world warped out of focus into a blur of colour, clouds and pressure against his bones. He closed his eyes briefly but the landing threw off his balance as the pressure dispelled around his body.
“Whose’s Bucky?”
She watched Steve staring at her, eyebrows set deep in a frown. She could tell by the small movement of his lips he was trying to figure out how to respond, she would have to do it for him, “but hey, we do this, and we move on. No assassination, No problem.” She shrugged her shoulders nonchalantly. It didn’t sit easy with her, but nothing did.
“Obi, its going fine. I’ll send them over later tomorrow.” Tony clutched the phone tightly to the side of head when Stane tutted. “Come on Tony I know you can do better; the board and I are heading to the white house to discuss the Navy’s weapons contract in the morning. We could really use the new design to seal the deal!” Tony’s face screwed into agony. “Obi look I … Can’t ….” He rubbed the palm of his hand up and down his face, trying to wake himself up. It reminded that he’d probably need to shave soon. He sighed. “I’ll see them over by tonight but I’m off the phone for the week, I need to finish my thesis. No questions from you or the company. Understand?”
Peter made his way towards the workshops, checking his pop’s watch he arrived right on time as the class filtered out of the workshops along the hall, Peter spotted Tony as he walked out the workshop door with Rhodey, pulling on his very oversized black denim jacket. Peter definitely hadn’t got used to the more relaxed sizing of the 90’s yet. “Tony!” Peter called out down the hall, Tony looked over and nodded in recognition, giving a quick two-handed pat on the back to Rhodey as he left. “What’s up Pete?” Peter held up the coffee in his hand towards Tony, “You. Are. A. Life Saver.” Tony raised the cup to his lips, taking an extra-long swig of the drink.
Peter played with the computer on his wrist. flicking his wrist up towards the ceiling, the photo projected up on to the ceiling, Natasha’s eyes widen as the gallery slowly rotated through. Photos of her and Peter relaxing in the sun, a large family photo of Peter, his parents, Barton, a couple of unknown people and herself, all cuddling on a large couch. “Huh. You have a big family don’t you.”
Tony whipped his back up, effectively pushing Natasha off of his back and out of his space. “My Kid?! Huh! I’m twenty-one! I’m nobody’s father, I’m just four years older than him! I can barely take care of myself, let alone care about him! He’s just going to disappear one day anyway!” Tony paced the length of his desk and back, Natasha took two steps back, cautiously towards her chair, slowly, taking her steps slowly as to not creek the floor boards.
“Actually sure, send him right up.” Tony walked back towards the desk, throwing himself into his chair. “While you’re at it, tell him that It would have been nice to hear from him when his best friend and his roommate’s father died, maybe a card, appearance at the funeral or maybe just a Fucking Phone Call. Huh? If he can answer that, then send him right over.”
Tony shook his head, “I’m done with my room, it’s just the deconstruction of the fort and packing up the kitchen table!  It’s 10am just now, I’ve been up since 4am. I think?” Peter shook his head at Tony, his dad still had the same sleeping issues even now, Peter began to fold up the blankets and pillows, stacking them up on top of some of the other boxes. Peter walked along to Steve’s room to get dressed for the morning, he jumped in the shower quickly and dressed in some warmer clothes today as he could see the wind picking up outside.
Tony bent down at his knee to pick up the discarded energy drink can, he threw the can over his shoulder, not looking back as he stood up. “10 points Boss.” The can landed perfectly in the recycling bin behind him. Tony carefully made his way over to his desk, pushing in the black leather office chair, he straightened out the three keyboards, in the semi-circle desk, scooping the empty takeaway boxes into the trash bag. Tying the bag off in a knot, he handed it over to Dum_Ee. Tony made his way to the hallway to head upstairs to start cleaning up Peter’s room. The lights to the lab slowly dimmed as Tony made his way up the glass stair case. He paused to look back, over the handrails, he sighed at the messy sight of his workshop.
Obadiah Stane. Standing in his office. Sigh.
Peter couldn’t help but snort at Steve's stunned reaction to his dad, it actually was kind of sweet to watch how in love Steve is with his dad, especially as his Pop’s watched next to him. The nervous blush at a single touch, his world turned up side down with time travel but his dad turns up and he’s stuttering,
I'm estimating that I have about one chapter left with a possible epilogue chapter! But thank you for all sticking around for this long!
“Why.” Peter tried not to sound too shocked, he was honestly surprised he even waited this long to ask again, Peter had tried to keep Tony’s mind away from his own life, letting his Dad make his own decisions.
The doors slammed open from the 7
Peter giggled stretching out his fingers and holding on to his dad’s t-shirt, his Pop’s laugh was low in tone and vibrated the bed itself. “I second that one Mr Peter Rogers. Grounded.” Peter huffed but couldn’t quite bring himself to be annoyed at that one. “Home tomorrow?”
But it turned out ok… Tony would end up with someone who wouldn’t take advantage of that wealth, it would all end well. Steve shook himself out of his thoughts, with a small nudge from Clint, “Steve, where is this?” Clint hands over two large blueprint sheets, both missing their titles, ripped from the edge. One of the properties looked quite military and large but Steve immediately recognised the second property, it was the blue prints for the East wing of Stark mansion. Tony’s room. “Don’t know the first, the second is Tony’s main wing of the Stark mansion.”
“Hey Ste, aren’t you looking youthful and full of innocence.” Steve stopped short of breathing the same air as Tony. “Hey T.” Steve was breathless, this could be the last time he speaks to Tony. Even if it’s not his own He couldn’t help himself. “You’re looking … good Tony.” Tony smirked, reaching out to touch Steve’s face. His face let the smirk go, a lop sided smile at the gentle touch. “Not so bad yourself Steve.” Steve opened and closed his mouth a few time in quick succession.
Tony walked around to the other side of the bed, next to the desk and turned on the lamp, to create a soft glow of light. He flopped down on the grey duvet and gripped the navy throw between his fingers. Steve walked over to the dresser and pulled out two sets of pjs, chucking a pair at Tony, they landed on his head. Too lazy to move them Tony just groaned. Steve decided to jump into the bathroom, quickly change out of his civilian clothes. By the time he’d changed and walked back into the room, Tony had changed and set himself in the bed, the spot furthest from the door. Steve offered to get them a glass of water for the night, which Tony accepted.
“Friday? Are Peter’s favourite PJs in the wash?”
Steve stood to attention on top of the truck. Shield at the ready, he watch the Winter Solider stand up, mirroring his position. Opening a pocket he had on his combat trouser and dropping in a small folded sheet. Steve watched as the solider shut the pocket and glare back up at Steve. Natasha began to slow the truck, Steve and the Solider stared at each other as the Soldier’s truck began to pull away.
Steve blinked himself awake when they hit the tarmac roads, he’d have to say goodbye to Peter, the son he barely knew through the little time they had spent together and was never going to have the pleasure of meeting for himself. He’d find himself alone with no future to keep him grounded.
Peter reached over and threw a tennis ball to Steve, who gave a yell before throwing the ball at probably 90 mph at the wall. DUM_EE squealed and ran after the ball missing it slightly then catching it on the second bounce. Tony leaned on his elbow to assess the code during the throw. He frowned at the second block of code. “Again.” Steve took the ball from DUM_EE again, switching to a baseball pitch, the ball once again ricocheted off the wall at hit Tony on the back of the head.
“Peter laughed, “yeah, I’ve heard of it, watched it even!” Tony joined in on the laughter, “he’s the nutter that thinks that’s real and various other issues! Look, I need to go find Rhodey and give him a hand over file for DUM_EE but I’ll meet you outside the hall in like 20 minutes?” Peter was mid-bite as he nodded to Tony. Tony grabbed his books and his jacket, throwing it on, he spotter Rhodey’s scarf hanging on a hook by the door, grabbing the tartan red check scarf, Tony also threw it round his neck, preparing for the cold outside. “See you in a bit Pete.”
“Steve they are wheeling out a prototype jet, i’m going to pull out with it and head towards the gate, the alarm sounded out as the large hanger door slowly opened. Steve rolled his neck and then held as still as possible. He closed his eyes, focusing on listening to Clint’s casual whistling as they drove out on the gravel road towards the guard check point. Steve let out a small gasp, which he quickly silenced, as the truck abruptly stopped at the checkpoint. Steve could only see the blue of the tarp covering him but he could hear Clint loud and clear. “Permission to take this junk material to the confidential waste facility.” Steve was pleasantly surprised at how impressive Clint’s Brooklyn accent was, sold the story. “Permission granted. Continue on.”
Steve didn’t dare turn on the lights in case he gave Peter a fright but he gently whispering his name to see if Peter would wake up. Peter woke up with a scream and shot up into a sitting position, Steve’s hands immediate reached for Peter’s in the dark, repeating, “hey, its ok Peter, it was just a nightmare, don’t worry just go back to sleep.” Peter laid back down in the bed and just took some deep breaths, trying to calm down. “Pops? Pops, I had an awful nightmare, I went back in time after the gauntlet zapped me, you and dad weren’t even together, and I was so scared cause you didn’t like me, and I thought I was never going to go home.”
“Jarvis called, gave me a heads up that he  has been in touch with Steve while on his mission. Steve heading back to the US now but Howard is going to come ‘visit’ in 2 days’ time. So I’m sorry but I need your help to move all my shit out to a new apartment.” Peter’s mouth formed an ‘o’ and his eyebrows furrowed. He relaxed his face quickly, “Of course, uh why are we moving?” Tony walked back round to the cupboard in the hallway pulling out boxes. “When Howard finds out where I am living he comes to ‘visit’ and judge and just ruin where I live. He doesn’t know I live with Steve or I lived should I say, with his greatest creation. This place and me for that matter would ‘never be good enough for Captain Rogers’ so, when he finds out where I am stay we need to move.” Tony had already thrown all the papers Peter had stacked up on the kitchen chairs into a box and had moved on to the kitchen area with another, haphazardly chucking items in the boxes. Peter quickly stood up, not quite sure what to do with himself. He decided the best course of action, Peter walked over to Tony stopped him in his place by grabbing the side of his arms till Tony faced Peter, and gave him a hug.
He sighed, he was happy, he kept telling himself, he’s going home soon, back to Dad and Pops, his own room, a family who have spent every moment searching for him.“It helps, I don’t know how you put up with it for so long, I’m assuming that when I snuck out for midnight snacks, that I wasn’t that stealthy?” Steve chuckled, shaking his head, lost in fond memories for a moment, “Uh, No you might as well have stomped in boots, but I knew you were safe and there wasn’t any real harm if your Dad didn’t know.” Peter chuckled stepping inside the cabin, he made his way to the couch, throwing himself into the corner of the one he’d previously been napping on. Steve stopped to take a look around the semi-familiar cabin.
I'm back!  Surprise! Apologies for taking so long on this chapter! Don't really have an excuse for the delay but rest assured we are in the endgame now ;). Hope you all enjoy this chapter and have your tickets book for next week!
She had to focus on the now. Steve was being a moody old man, then fine, he didn’t get to know. She hadn’t thought of the possibility that maybe Steve was homophobic to himself, he did grow up in the 40’s but he never seemed to show any discomfort towards Tony’s very open preferences. She gripped the steering wheel tighter. Focus, Mission to finish, Wipe her ledger. Don’t care about the kid. Don’t care about anyone.
Peter wrist watch pinged. He looked down to check, Karen needed him. He quickly ran upstairs, his sock cover feet leaving little to no noise, Peter jogged into his room gently closing the door behind him, jumping up on to the ceiling, picking open the vent and pulling down the bag with his spider suit in it, throwing it on to the bed. He jumped down and landed as softly as he could. Unzipping the navy duffle and rummaging around to grab the mask, holding it in his hand for a minute. It had been months since he’d actively put this on to be a hero. It had started to gather dust on the in inside eyepieces. He gave it a rough shake. Pulling it over his head.
Peter scrambled down the hallway and upstairs to the bedroom, grabbing the duffle bag that he hadn’t unpacked. His wallet was sitting next to it, shoving it roughly in his pocket he stuffed the duvet in another bag with a pillow and a sleeping bag. He grabbed the thickest and largest raincoat in the closet and ran back down the stairs towards the door, using his sleeve to wipe his face, looking one last time into the kitchen.
rolled his shoulders, glancing back at a watchful Clint, bow slung across his back keeping an eye on his younger self, lost in thought, staring off into the distance behind the truck. Strange he thought to himself, what he would look like without Tony in his life, or at least younger him was about to get a big shock that in fact they hadn’t fucked up the timeline and that his Tony was just waiting for them when they got back.
He needed a plan.  If he could get in touch with his Pops, bring him home (somehow) and make the pair see that this was just a nothing moment of their lives and get them to fall in love with each other, then everything would be alright! Right?
Peter groaned and rolled quickly out of the way of the incoming fist, it slammed directly next to his head into the gravel. The shooter grabbed Peter round the neck lifting him up. Peter grabbed on to the shooter’s one-armed jacket/vest. Gripping the patch that was attached to the covered arm. Peter tried to use his feet to gain purchase against the shooter’s chest. If he didn’t do something quick, he was going to pass out. As he started to gasp for air, an arrow lodged its way into the elbow of the metal arm, releasing Peter, dropping to the ground on his knees as he coughed for air. The shooter turned in the direction of the shot, he spotted the two figures quickly making their way over the roofs towards him. He looked down at Peter before deciding to jump off the side of the roof in to the alley below.
Steve finally realised that the photo was not of himself, well, not of his currently self. Steve ran his fingers over the photo. The photo’s little pouch crinkled in response. The photo was old, worn in the corners. Slightly yellowing and a little water damaged, it was of his future self and Peter, the pair in holiday summer shorts, out at the beach for a day, a very young Peter sat comfortably in Steve’s crossed lets, gripping on to Steve’s wrists for balance.
“I can’t go out there, James. I can’t.”Rhodey frowned and stepped into Tony’s personal space, taking his friend’s shoulders in his hands. “I’m not going to make you do that. Come on there must be a back door.” Rhodey turned Tony around, he’d never managed to move Tony this easily. Finally the manager stepped in and lead them out through the back into the alley. Tony took off running. Rhodey, jumped a little when Tony bolted but he was too drunk and was beginning to collapse near the end of the alley. Rhodey jogged to catch up to him and caught him down on his knees. Rhodey wrapped his arm under Tony and began to walk him down the empty roads.
His bed laid un-made, the navy pillow hanging slightly off the side, his oversized wardrobe doors stood wide open, trainers spilling out on to the floor. The clothes he’d worn back from visiting Aunt Peggy still laying on the floor at the foot of his bed. His laptop and school note books stacked untouched next to his school backpack. Tony carefully walked over to the far wall, leaning over the desk, he opened the large double windows, making his way around the desk to the small grey couch, he leaned over the edge to open the other windows. He stood back and inspected the floor around him, he started by striping the bed sheets.
The surfaces were covered in a thin layer of dust. Tony’s hoodie thrown over the back of the living room couch. Clint immediately made his way towards the fridge, opening the door he frowned slightly. Steve quickly made his way over and peered over Clint’s shoulder. A hand written note sitting over a pack of root beers.
Clint took the cables from the battery as Steve set it down in the truck bed. The radio transmitter came to life letting out loud static through its rusted speaker. Steve watched as Clint moved all the dials to specific frequencies. Double checking his work, he used the metal button on top to begin his morse code message to Natasha. When he finished he sat back on his ass, Steve crossed his arms over the edge of the truck, relaxing his head on top of his arms. Giving a silent prayer that she was alive.
Ana gently guided Peter over to the other side of the kitchen island, “just down here
“Karen,” Peter decided it would be best to whisper. “Can you project me a holograph board for me to write my ideas on. Also, is Spider-bro ok to be deployed?” Karen project up a large blue holo-board for Peter to work with. “Good morning Peter, spider-bro, still has ai   rotor damaged which will cause issues with control while in flight. But all other operations are functional.” Peter laid out the suit on the bed, putting on his left wrist band to start up and control the small flying drone, “I’m going to use him as surveillance on Stane.” Spider-bro jumped out of the centre of the suit. The tiny drone crawled across the floor and under the door.
‘Stark Industries to begin construction of the Stark Expo next week.’
Peter placed the broom back in the cupboard and reach into the old wooden bread box, “toasties please, I need to get going, I said to Ned that I would get to school early to discuss our tech class project.”
Not much was said once Howard was involved, he would rather eat his dinner in silence, this was one of the quietest dinners Peter has ever had in the Stark mansion, it hit him all at once, this was the last time the Stark family would be together. He closed his eyes and he took a bite of the turkey. He couldn’t whistle at the dinner table, even he would get strange looks for that, so he focused on the sound of Jarvis’ foot tapping very gently under the table.
Peter took the photo and pressed It into his wallet.
broke the silence and kind of regretted it once he had. “In the morning Peter, we’ll say bye to ourselves, then once we are home. I need to talk to you about Buck.”
He’d worked through plans A through H so far, as to how he could just catch a glimpse of his future husband, who ever he was, Tony was determined to see who it was. Maybe just so he could run into them a little bit earlier than planned. He rolled over again to stare at the blackout blinds. A little bit, deep down inside of him hoped… that it wasn’t Obadiah, that he didn’t just settle for the money, that out there someone actually loved him. He loved someone back! He hoped, not in a vain way, that they were good looking and just a good person. A husband who loves him, a kid that adores him and full control of his company. Perfection.
is now in
Steve sighed and decided to pick Tony up in a bridal hold with Peter following closely behind. Heading out the gate Peter had to quickly stop Steve and direct him to the new apartment, “uh, sir, Tony has a new flat, it’s this way,” pointing down the street in the opposite direction. Steve sighed and turned, “was its Howard?” He already knew the answer, but Peter answered anyway just to confirm, “yeah, he was going to visit tomorrow I think…”
“Agent Barton, I need to keep an eye on the Peter boy and let me know of anything that happens around him, Level 9 priority.” Barton gave a slight raise of an eyebrow at the mention of a level 9 issue. “Yes Director.”
Peter woke up to the sounds of his parents hushed voices outside the car. He lifted his head off the glass of the passenger door, “come inside you two idiots, and bring my godson in I want him in a proper bed, its already 3am! Look at the poor boy, all twisted. Tony be a dear and bring him in. Steve go grab some sheets out the hall cupboard and prepare a bed for him.” Aunt Peggy told his fathers. Peter felt the door of the car open away from his face, Tony unbuckled his seat belt and wrapped his arms gently arm the back of his neck and lower body. Peter curled in towards his Dad. “Hey kiddo, we’re here, you can catch up with Aunt Peggy in the morning.” Peter was in and out of sleep as his Dad carried him up the main staircase at the mansion. He felt the soft pillow at his head as his Dad laid him down, and his parents’ wishes of a goodnight sleep.
Tony and Peter returned back at the flat after purchasing basics like socks, underwear, shoes and watch for him, they threw their purchases down by the door, and threw themselves down on the couch. “We should probably start figuring out a way to get you home Peter, it might take us a while but I’m pretty sure we can do it. We just need to figure it out!” Tony reached over the couch to the note pad on the side table. “Let’s do this” Peter recounted his experience and the environment that he was in when he was sent back in time. Tony took notes through his whole story. Tony started sketching the layout of the room, with the dimensions of Peter and other objects in the room. They threw back and forth methods of solving this idea all afternoon until the phone rang in the flat. Tony sighed and went to answer the phone. “Tony here.” He hummed in respond to other voice on the phone, “ok thank you for the heads up. We’ll be out of here tomorrow hopefully. Thanks J.” Tony hung up the phone leaning his head on the wall above the mustard yellow phone.
The truck shook violently as it bumped over a pot hole in the road. He flicked his gaze into the back of the truck. Peter and his father were chatting quietly between themselves. Steve could hear them even through the wind blowing in his face in the back of the truck.
“Uh. Tony’s not here right now.” Peter timidly responded, “He’s out right now, can I take a message?” Tony smacked his palm to his face, shaking his head.
He could see Peter’s eyes twitching at the slightest whisper of a sound, the birds miles away or just Natasha’s footsteps, his eyes whipped around the room, on edge for any threat. His son was as nervous as he was when he joined the army. The fear of a bomber flying over head as you sleep, stray bullet fire over the top of your tent on missions.
Much love! x
Steve pulled his wrist forward again, purposely making the metal creak under the pressure. “He preferred Tony.” Peggy stood forward between them. She place her hand on Pierce’s chest. “Stop. He’s hurt enough. Offer your stupid plan and let him go, when he says no.” Steve raised a single eyebrow at Peggy. That doesn’t sound good. Steve grunted out a sound.
“Yeah, can’t say much about the business, don’t want to give you a heads up business wise  but don’t worry your home a lot. You’ve never missed a parent’s evening, academic decathlon or even a family dinner, well only a couple but not when it counts. I don’t know much about Howard but you’re definitely not like him.” Peter was happy with his answer, taking another bite of his sandwich. Tony looked thoughtfully at his answer, It meant that yes he took over for Howard at Stark Industries but he was still in a relationship with a man no less. He couldn’t imagine Howard just sitting back and letting that happen. Letting Tony run the company with his, lover/boyfriend/husband maybe even just co-parent of Peter and Howard not trying to disinherit him or kick him out of the board room.
Peter slowly shut the door as Coulson made his way down the stairs, he turned and made his way back to the couch, dropping the box over Tony’s head into his lap. “Kid, you know his first name is Agent? Right?” Peter slapped Tony over the back of his head, as he jumped over the couch effortlessly. “Rude.” Tony laughed and dug into his food, after his first bite, a loud crack of thunder filled his ears, he almost dropped his pizza to cover his ears. “That sounded like it came from inside the house!” Peter eyes widened and jumped up off the couch moving his and Tony’s pizzas to the kitchen counter. “Thor!” He yelled out in the flat.
Peter continued to un-pack his supplies out onto the desk and bed. This was one of his two recovery nights a week, when he had time to sleep in a normal bed and hide from Shield for a couple of days before jumping back into camping in the forests. Finally finished unpacking the duffle bag, Peter grabbed the kettle and made his way back into the kitchen/bathroom/washing room. Filling it up he set it to boil on the stand. He sighed, rubbing his elbows with some soap to stop them from drying out again, he made his way back to his bed for the night.
Peter opened his mouth to speak but was lost for words. How do you tell someone after that moment, that you were going to leave soon, that you could never stay? “That’s very kind of you to say Mrs Stark.” He leaned into her side, this was strange, he’d never met his grandmother, his Dad didn’t speak that much about her, she seems a little high strung, but sweet when she came to his Dad… and today would be the last time he ever sees her.
Steve’s fist stayed curled at his sides, taking large breaths, his shoulders rising and falling. He turned on the spot and marched back down the hall, muttering to Clint as he walked by. “He got away. Again.” Clint quickly ran a couple of steps to catch up with Steve. “Steve, Steve! Please Stop!” Steve stopped abruptly and turned to Clint. Clint turned to check that no other Shield agents were about, he leaned closer into Steve’s space, “Natasha sent a package. I haven’t managed to translate the entire message, but we are being kept in the dark about something Steve. Something big.” Steve’s frown was considered permanent on his face nowadays. “Let’s make out way back to base to free up sometime to translate the message. The fall likely broke his ankle. We’ll have a couple of days to follow.” Steve walked on, Clint tried to keep up.
Steve took a moment to process the information, nodding slowly but picking up speed as the information connect from his brain to his feet. “Thank you.” He picked up his sprint down the hall way once again. Peggy’s office doors were shut at the end of the hall but that didn’t stop Steve from sprinting into the doors at full speed with his shoulder, to smash one enough to hit the wall when it swung around.
Peter walked over to answer the phone. He almost dropped it once he heard his Pops voice.
His senses were on fire, he tried to focus on himself, but they kept going further and further. He could hear the whistle of the wind through the keyhole in the front door, the scratch of Howard’s pen in his office, his mumblings were as loud as jet engine in his ears. He couldn’t get it to stop, the noises outside the house, the birds and the wind. He was going to pass out or die, which ever came first. Karen’s voice was in the mix somewhere. Peter, please listen to this file. Captain Roger’s prepared for this.” Peter took a deep breath and held it in. Keeping his eyes tightly shut. “Peter, I made this in the event that the serum takes full effect for you. Your Dad warned me that it wasn’t likely to happen, but I want to make sure you’re prepared, just in case… I’m not around when it happens…”
“Pops the gauntlets got vibranium in it, your shield is a conductor, drop it!” Peter called out. Before Steve could even react Tony reach around and threw the shield at the gauntlet. Steve wrapped an arm around Tony and quickly walked back in to the elevator. Peter jumped back in before his Dad crushed him against the wall as the doors shut. Tony was out of breathe repulsors still pointing towards the door. Peter saw his Pops nervous look towards his Dad, he placed his hand on his shoulder and gave a gentle squeeze. Tony relaxed, he immediately turned around and wrapped Peter in a tight hug, “Are you ok?” Tony asked. Peter nodded under his Dad’s arms, reaching out for his Pops as well. As the doors opened to main lobby floor, Steve turned his family towards the main door, “FRIDAY, get in touch with Thor and send him the footage of what happened. No one goes down there until that thing stops sparking.”
She finally was satisfied that Tony was alright and health enough for her to turn her attention to Peter, “Ah and you must be Peter!” Her Hungarian accent rang out through the halls of the main entrance, “Tony’s friend from school! Ah, you are adorable! Come here, Come here!” Peter blushed a little, he shuffled forward nervously, she took in his appearance and gave him a polite hug, patting down his hair. “Aww bless you are a young thing. Right you two go get unpacked, Tony you can show Peter to the room across from yours! I’ll need to get the key for it but come meet us in the garden and we will have a drink before dinner!” Tony gave Ana a small peck on the cheek before grabbing his duffle bag, nodding in the direction of the stairs for Peter to follow.
“Take that back. Your face says it all, you miss him, you want him back, but it scares you, you’ve got to send him home one day and you’re going to be all alone. Guess what dipshit? You have me, Clint, Rhodes, your family and god help if Steve knew you were alive, living like this! You’ve drunk at least a full bottle of whisky this morning, haven’t you?”
Yeah, get Miss Potts on it! Right Thank you!” Tony slammed the phone on the wall.
Peter’s head was pounding, he felt a large hand gently stroke the hair out of his face, he kept his eyes shut and leaned into the touch. He heard a soft ‘shss’ and groaned, stretching his muscle’s out. The large hand continued to pat down his hair in the right direction out of his face. Peter felt so relaxed that he began to drift back to sleep, the gently voice encouraging him to do so, ‘relax Peter, we’re going to land soon, don’t worry everything will be ok.” Peter hummed in agreement with the voice.
. The man he’d wish he could have become, a family, a husband, out and proud, a brilliant son, a home and a sense of contentment that he’d never felt before entering the ice. Maybe this was always going to happen.
Peter was getting frustrated, he’d barely seen Tony the past couple of weeks, throwing himself into his final thesis paper. A lack of communication from Steve and the two spies had left Tony in a sour mood, Tony thought Peter didn’t know, but with the super hearing from the serum Tony would call out through the paging device that he and Steve shared but his calls were left unanswered. It was giving Tony a cold shoulder. Thor reached out as if he was going to touch Peter but stopped when he realised, he couldn’t. He sighed, “Young Peter, I am truly sorry for what has happened to you. Where is young Tony? Is he not usually with you?”
“IF!?!” Peter slumped down in his bed. Taking off his wrist web-shooters, he sat them on the bedside table facing the window. “Hey, Karen can you show a family photo? I’m feeling…homesick now. Thanks.” Peter tucked his arm under his head as Karen projected a family photo for Peter. It was of him, his dads and his large extended family watching a movie at the Avengers compounds, Peter tucked in between his parents, all of them smiling, Peter fell asleep looking at the image of his family, the homesick feeling starting to sink in.
keeps Tony alive by feeding and watering him, taking him outside every once in a while but Tony just gives
The shield security team filtered in behind him to stand next to Peggy. She kept herself busy, smoothing out her skirt, touching up her hair and adjusting her jacket cuffs. “You heard the man, let’s go. Get the helicopter ready to depart.” Two of the guards scattered ahead, marching along, throwing open the doors at the end of the hallway. Peggy held her breath, she’d taken the first step, but she could only hope that he would truly forgive her. That they both would forgive her.
But he wanted his Pops who would try to help him do his homework as soon as he was home from school - even though it was above his head, his Pops who let him play with his shield when he was younger. Not this Steve, who seemed so reserved compared to his Pops.
“I was a student for the art school after I woke up in 1990, Shield’s ‘great’ idea of immersing me in the ‘culture of today’, ended up staying for a year or so then dropped out to work with shield full time. Met your Dad during that time, but when I dropped out, I wasn’t in Tony’s good books for a year or so.” Rubbing the back of his neck Steve turned to look at Tony who was looking right at the old photo of Steve with a gentle smile. By the time Steve turned back to Peter, he had already removed half the contents of the box; various baseball ticket stubs, polaroids of various parties with Dad, a couple of leaflets for art galleries around the city, a random wrapper from some hotdog stand by the looks of it, a magazine cut out of the ten up and coming people of this generation with his Dad’s photo on it, a worn moth eaten tie and a chip off a ceramic mug or plate of some sort. Peter eventually settled on looking at couple of polaroids in his hands. Steve looked over his son’s shoulder to see what had caught his eye. The first photo of him and Tony on a couch, chatting to each other, at a random person’s party. Steve distinctly remembers the pungent smell of the ruined ,weed infused couch that he and Tony had sat on for most of that night. Steve also recollected the girl in the background of the photo Melissa or someone, who had spent that entire night getting drunk and leaning over the arm chair of the couch to listen to Tony’s voice. Steve hated those parties, too many people who he didn’t know, too many variables for a safe night but Tony never hesitated to say yes to an appearance, he always said Steve needed to get out more. The second polaroid was Steve’s favourite photo, it had lived on the fridge of their apartment for 4 years before they moved back to New York. Tony was sat across Steve’s lap on the floor in front of the yellow ratty old couch in that apartment, Tony had one arm thrown around Steve’s shoulder while both of Steve’s were holding Tony’s waist, both of their faces red with laughter.
Peggy crossed her arms, standing back on her hip. “Absolutely not. Captain Rogers, This Winter Solider has been spotted in Canada. I want you three looking for his base.” Clint step forward, “Director Carter, he doesn’t make base, he was looking for these plans. He’s after the serum’s formula.” Before anyone could get another word in, the door bust open with a shield Commander, “Director Stark and Delta Nine Team are all dead.”
Tony placed his hands into his suit trousers pockets, he sauntered over to the young man. Looking him up and down as he approached, well aware of his actions and more importantly, how the subject of his gaze would respond. Steve’s heart rate had increased, his jaw left open ever so slightly and eyes wide, glazed over as Tony approached him. A real living
“Now, how do you know that. I’ve never seen you before on campus or at a party and I’m pretty good with faces kid. So who the hell are you?” Peter was frightened. What does he do? He’s stuck and lost in time as far as he can tell. His Dads are years away from being his parents and he’s just 17. The phone attached to the wall rings. Tony holds eye contact with Peter as he slowly gets up and walks to answer the phone. Peter takes a moment to look at where he was. He’d landed on the hardwood floorboards of his Dad’s college flat, his eyes landed first on the old yellow couch, which to be honest still looked like shit. The flat was literally covered in textbooks and sheets of paper lying about everywhere but he could see the bits where his Pops had been, the papers were stacked neatly rather than haphazardly, there was his leather jacket on the back of the chair at the dinner table and sticks of charcoal lying on surfaces around the room. The sun wasn’t up yet but he could see the clock on the far wall say it was 05:30.
Steve watched Tony’s entire body jumped from spinning in Peggy’s office chair. Steve stood in the centre of the office, not quite believing the sight in front of him as he watched Tony finally getting over the shock and recognising who he was.
“Steve why couldn’t you have just come back to see me? Not anything to do with the kid? Was I that bad to live with?” Steve looked hurt, his face contorting into a look described as a kicked puppy. “Tony, no its not like that, It’s the best time living with you! You’re like my anchor point to this time, everyone walked around me like I’m gonna crack like an egg, you just treated me like a normal 25-year-old. You showed me everything I need to know about this time!” Steve got up quickly out of his chair heading toward Tony who was leaning on the fridge door, in his personal space but not quite sure what to do once he was there.
Peggy gripped tightly onto the back of the suit. “I’m not happy Peggy, I need to make that clear, my kid is running around somewhere in the forests? Alone and likely depressed at his situation. This should not have happened but it's too late now. So, I’m going to go find him, right now and when we get back I want an official Shield apology for Peter and I want Tony here, he needs to see Peter off.” Before Steve could even let go, Agent Coulson ran over towards the pair, rushing down the stairs to meet them on the mid-level.
“Tony…” The inevitable telling off that comes when Steve disapproves of his actions.
“I’ll be coming back home and I’m bringing our son with me, this had gone on too long. Besides,” Steve curled his fist and called his shield to his arm using the magnetic technology in his glover that Tony had developed. “It’ll be fun to see you swoon when a handsome fella like me walks through.” Steve winked and did a short but quick jog back from Tony’s wrath, Tony opened his mouth to start an argument, finger raised and pointed at Steve’s chest. “Swoon?!” Steve raised his eyebrows as a challenge. “I’m pretty sure you’ll be dropping to your knees when you a twenty one year old me, rocking in my jeans and band t-shirts.” Steve laughed loudly, walking over to the desk to grab his watch. “Nah, I prefer the fitted suits anyway.” Tony smiled and tilled his head, like he’d did whenever he couldn’t quite believe his luck, stood in his workshop, which had been demolished in areas to steal cabling from the walls around the house, to power and develop the transporting to Peter.
Clint nodded, “You and Tony… I’m sorry buddy, you two always seemed close, Not Judging!
“Your late Tony, who’s this?” Rhodey called out loudly gesturing to the pair to the two beers on the table. “Meet Peter, new roommate and friend!” Rhodey gave Peter a look and held his arm out for a shake. Peter looked quite terrified, he knew he did, he took his Uncle’s hand in a firm shake and sat down next to Tony. “Do you know what you’re getting into by living with Tony?” Rhodey asked sipping on his beer.
“When we get home, can we all come out here? Including dad? No technology, alien or otherwise?” Peter’s voice broke in a laugh towards the end of his sentence. Steve threw his arm up and over Peter’s head to hold his shoulder in a hug. “Of course kiddo, anything you want, I second the no alien tech rule as well!” Steve gave a gentle squeeze, then slapped his shoulder, “come on, we better maker our way to the trail road, We’ll get a lift from… me?Steve? Whatever, Clint and myself and we’ll be home in no time.” Steve used his knees to help himself up, “Natasha!” Steve, Peter jumped a little at his father’s booming voice, “Let’s go!” Steve held out Peter’s straps, Peter stood up, moving his arms through the straps and adjusting before his Pop’s let them go. Steve then sorted himself, before staring at Natasha for a minute. Peter’s eyes flick between the pair before Steve sighed and picked up Natasha’s bag and began walking. Natasha smiled at Peter before catching up to Steve.
“Ste, what?”
She turned to look out the window, deep in thought, she relaxed back into the chair, “But, I was selfish to think that he would come back to me the way he left, he never aged and I just expected him to be the old man that he should have been if this was a normal world. He has always been a loyal friend to me Anthony, but I know that he will be disappointed in my actions and I have let you down as your godmother. I should be encouraging this friendship and at the very least leaving you two alone, I promised your mother that I wouldn’t let Shield get involved in your life and I have failed it miserably by putting it at the centre of your life and your friends. I’m so sorry.” Silently, tears ran down
Tony rested his chin on Steve’s arms, “Peter deserves some ice cream too. But not you, you’re the idiot Frisbee player.” They all chuckled together and made their way back to the apartment. As they approached the ground door, Steve ran ahead towards a SUV with the shield logo. Peter saw his Uncle Clint jump out the driver side door and hand Steve two duffle bags. Exchanging short words as Tony and Peter approached. Steve thanked him for his help and promised to catch up with him later. Clint gave Tony a short wave and Tony gave a short and relaxed salute as the pair turned around.
“There you are, you ok, what took you so long?” Tony was sitting up in bed with pillows behind his back to support him, reading the journal of his ma that was sitting on the bedside table. It was a very… domestic sight, the feeling just washed over Steve as he took in the sight of it all. They’d built this room together even, It just added to the fantasy of it all for Steve, that one day he and his family would live here, just like now, his partner in bed after a long day, their child in the room down the hall.
Howard turned towards his wife, leaning down on the edge of the kitchen island. “Howard, its Christmas and I want you tell Tony that we are leaving again tomorrow.” Howard rolled his eyes, Ana’s body shot up to attention, turning to Maria, “Mrs. Stark, you can’t leave tomorrow, Tony will be upset you are not spending the holidays together!” Ana looked between Howard and Maria, they seriously were only going to be here tonight for dinner then off again.
being going easy on you in the future, you haven’t even managed to lay a single finger on me yet.” Peter rolled over on to his back, using his upper arm strength he pushed himself up on to his feet.
Peter couldn’t contain himself, he’d almost paced a hole in front of the double bed his parents were currently lounging on, “And then! You and I had just met
Thank you all for the continued support and love!  Obviously a little warning that there are Character deaths, in this chapter because it is the 16th of December 1991.
“He knew they were going to die …He stood by and told me to say goodbye to my dad, knowing! Knowing he was going to die the next day!” Steve let out a sigh, this wasn’t a conversation for Peggy’s office, he understood why Tony was mad, at the same time would he have changed anything? Steve studied Tony’s face closely, the slight cut on his neck likely from shaving this morning.
truck, bringing an alternative version of himself and his son to the future, his unconscious best friend he hasn’t seen in a couple decades because, you know, he died falling off a train over a cliff saving his life and now has appeared back into his life.
Tony stood up, a new spring in his step from his nap. “This is exactly what I love about coming home for Christmas, right before you leave town again.” Tony bounced on his feet, trying to push down the confrontational tone popping up. Howard took his hand out of his pocket to dramatically pull the Santa hat off Tony’s head. Jarvis, nodded his head into the room, “The car is ready to go sir.” Howard nodded and Jarvis made his way through to the back of the house.
“I have a date.” Well that shocked Peter. He kind of just expected Tony to say Steve was back, “What do you mean you have a date? With who?” Tony stood up, lifting his head up with a cheeky smirk on his face. “hmm, let’s compare names shall we! what a good idea!” Peter shook his head, laughing a little, “Nope, can’t spoil your entire life for you Tony.” It’s actually just the weird idea of seeing his Dad actually go on a date that wasn’t his Pop, he knew his father used to be a playboy but that was definitely all finished before he was born.
Steve and Tony’s argument had clearly been going on for a while if the number of coffee cups lying around Steve on the table was anything to go by. “It is NONE, I repeat none! Of Shield’s business who stays with me and who my friends are! He’s 17, he just needs a place to stay for a while.” Tony was getting agitated as the argument went on. When he woke up and found the shield sitting on the kitchen table, Tony nearly cried. He would never tell anyone though, but the moment he saw it just causally sitting in the carry case on the kitchen table as if it never left their flat. His best friend was home. And he was going to explain everything to Tony. He deserved that much.
‘Steve, I lost them, I lost Peter. I…’ Tony jumped out of his reverie as the helicoptered touched down. Peggy, uncrossed her legs and grabbed her satchel. The doors slid open as the engines shut down. Peggy thrusted her arm out of the helicopter, handing her satchel to one of her agents. Helping her out the side. She turned back to Tony as he jumped down out the door. He spotted Fury standing clear of the landing pad. Fixing his suit buttons he eyed up Fury, his lip twitched as he stared him down.
Peter then spotted Steve standing to attention as he would a general, nowhere near as relaxed as Peter had seen him last night. Steve was looking with his eyes anywhere but Tony and Director Carter. “Ah yes you, Peter, you will need to come with us, I want to know more about who my godson is staying with.” Aunt Peggy raised a perfectly sculpted eyebrow with a knowing look to Peter.  How the fuck did she know who he was??? Peter had no choice but before he could argue against the handcuffs or something along those lines wouldn’t be necessary, but Tony spoke up.
Peter stepped away from Peggy, he bent down to pick up his Dad’s wrench in his other hand, inspecting the two items in his hands, the tears flowing freely down his face. He stood up and quickly ran his way out of the room clutching his parent’s things against his chest. The faint calls of his name as he makes his way down the fire escape stairs. All he can hear is the beating of his own heart as he collapses at the bottom of the stairs, sliding over and curling up under the stairs in the darkness. He hears the double slam of the doors a couple of floors up.
The photos then jump from the 1940, to last year in the gardens, Peter had spent the afternoon with Steve, trying to teach him how to use the camera correctly. The collage of that day shared an oversized large black edge frame, plenty of blurry selfies of the pair together, some of his various Uncles and Aunts, Tony’s personal favourite sat in the middle of the collage, the largest one. Peter had taken it without Tony noticing, his arms wrapped around his husband’s neck, Steve’s arms holding on to his waist tightly, they had their eyes shut, smiling at each other in a private moment, Steve’s head bowed to rest on top of Tony’s. Their age truly hidden in the blurry nature of the old lens on the camera.
“Ok, but I want you to promise me. If it comes between me and the Kid, you protect him. He’s …real special Steve. I know you’re my best friend and I’m asking a lot but if it comes down to between us. Its him. Ok?” Tony looked to his right to where Steve was sitting watch Tony, “I can’t promise that T, I just… I will try. But you are weaker that he is, he can at least run fast. You are just my last friend. I need you to be there for me.” Tony sighed. Accepting this was as close as he was going to get with Steve accepting his wishes.
She smirked to herself. Enjoying the peaceful moment, that were few and far between these days. She’d gotten word from Clint that they were inbound, Peter, desperate not to waste time, demanded they be packed to immediate turn around and start making headway to get home. Steve didn’t necessarily agree but Natasha could see that even Papa Steve Stark was getting restless. Peter bounded out the door, energy radiating off of him in every little jump down the stairs, he sat himself down on the second to last step. Ready to go, now he just needed to waist for the ride.
Finally! After a dead hard drive and complete deletion of this chapter, I'm back. While I'm confident that the original chapter was stronger and likely better edited, its finally here!
“Howard come on. You have Shield watching your back and can hide out in places like this. Tony is at MIT Campus right now, in a far from secure apartment which is only being guarded by two Shield guards!” Howard rolled his eyes again, setting his drink down on the bar. “What is it about you, Steve, Huh? You are my friend, Tony is my kid. Why are you so concerned about his safety huh? He’s my kid, my concern. He’s fine, he’s not worth a penny to be dead, I’m the one with the weapons company, remember?” Steve turned around to actual face Howard, breathing through his teeth to calm himself down. “Are you really that ignorant? Your son is the one pulling the all-nighters to design
