"But… When Steve's plane went down, I never got that message." Coulson's eyes open, and he stares at Tony, looking right into him. "Tony, to
was home. Tony and him together, in
"I don't know, Tony. You don't have to decide tonight." Letting his head rest on the top of Tony's, he swayed them back and forth gently. It was one of those things Steve did. Like a habit. It was a small, physical solace, something his mother had done for him. Tony had learned of it early on in their relationship, and though he always had a low tolerance for all that touchy feely garbage, Steve used that one little motion to break through to Tony.
"Uh huh." Tony's boxers fell to a puddle at his feet and he stepped out of them and keeled onto the bed, teasingly taking his time. "So lame. But I love you for it."
"Hey, Tony. Nice sweater."
"That was weird." Steve commented, his arm over the back of the couch behind Tony. He was itching to drape it over the smaller man's shoulders.
Raising his eyebrows, impressed with her and at the same time amused, he nodded. "Aha! The light finally clicks on!"
"I don't know," Tony sighed, looking away out over the landing pad and past the buildings. Down toward Fifth Avenue where a mansion used to sit, "I wish I did. You don't deserve to know any of this."
"Oh. Right."
"Hi, Bruce, so nice to meet you." She widened her grin, turning on the charm and moving to face the next man. Clint Barton.
The flash of light was instantaneous and almost blinding.
But he was
"You're gross."
"I modeled it after the Jarvis you knew. The Jarvis
He points, "That's a movie."
"You know, they say never to ask a woman her age. Is it the same with angels?"
thoughts?"
"Mmm," Steve let his voice lighten and teasingly rocked Tony back and forth, bringing another laugh from him. "You love that I've become so cultured in the twenty-first century cinematic experience."
"Probably because only a little bit of bad came with you."
A plate slid in front of Howard and he glanced up, Natasha giving him a small smile, "Eat. You need something in your stomach. Cream cheese?" He nodded and she retrieved it, handing it to him along with a knife and sitting down with her last remaining piece of toast. "I get it, you know." At his inquiring look, she elaborated, "That you're not that guy yet."
replied: OH MY GOSH I LOVE YOU TWO WHO ARE YOU LET'S BE FRIENDS BECAUSE YES TONY STEALING CLOTHES
"Shut up."
Pepper Potts, the boys' long time friend and favorite composer and producer, hit the replay button, "Sounds good on my end, Bruce, but I'd like to see a bit less vibrato on that high E?"
Rolling her eyes, Natasha said, "He knows I think you're hot. You all are. But I'm not interested. I am, however, interested in the weight you've gained back. Looks good."
"Tony, Tony, come on, man." Bruce is cupping his face, his eyes wide with worry. "In, two, three, four. Out, two, three, four, five…"
"It better be a big office, Nick. Huge. Corner. I want lots of windows!"
She nodded, "Yes."
Tilting his head back to press a chaste kiss against Steve's jaw, Tony continued, "But
Keeping his voice as gentle as he could, Howard asked, "What is it, Tony?"
Howard's voice piped up by the door of the guest room. "If you don't mind, I'll just take mine in here."
Bruce snorted in the most unattractive way. "Not even a little. Unless you count being drunk on science."
"Yeah, and he's still a mystery to me sometimes," Steve responded, his voice frustrated. "Look, chances are he's not okay. But if we act like he's not, he's just going to close up shop and we'll never get anywhere. Treat him as normal, just - I don't know - watch what you say."
"Maybe not, but, Jesus, I don't know what I did? Can't we just say,
He was close. His climax bubbling just under the surface, Steve knew it. Could tell from the way Tony was breathing, the tightness he felt on him when his hand on Tony's cock brushed the body underneath.
to drink and flaunt his misgivings and mistakes to the child he had abused.
"That he does," Rhodey chuckled affectionately. "What's he doing?"
"You know it!" He slid his feet into his slippers (and if they were Captain America ones, he was
Laughing softly, Bruce finally stepped up to Tony and placed his hand on his shoulder, "Always the futurist," he said affectionately. "Come on, help me bring everything to the table. Pancakes fix everything."
"No reason!" Steve squawked, slamming the computer closed. Tony shrugged and took a long drink of his mug. "So, StonyFan1918 posted again. This time about Steve making me come from rimming." He narrowed his eyes at Natasha, he was so sure it was her. He had avoided each of them the night before, locked away in his workshop and going over the facts. He mentioned a kink, it got turned into a story. Natasha knew he loved Steve. Bruce did too. Maybe the others? And she had said what the next story might be about. It had to be her.
"That's fair." He shrugged and made his way over to the coffee pot. And froze. "Something's different." He heard snickering behind him. "What did you do?"
The twitch of his own erection reminded Tony of why he was reading this in the first place. He felt breathless. Like Steve was actually kissing him, and he wrapped a hand around himself, groaning with the feeling.
Steve's eyes slid closed. So much for secrecy. He heard Tony sighing in his arms and gingerly set him on his feet.Tony shifted on his toes and kissed Steve's cheek.
"Tony," Steve started. He sighed. "No, I mean about butt plugs."
"You're so juvenile." Tony teased, patting his back. "I love it."
He crooked his fingers against his prostate, groaning at the feeling.
And that worried Steve. It wasn't like Tony to just allow them to change what he ate. He meant it when he said he didn't control the genius. No one did. Tony did what he wanted, when he wanted, and where he wanted. To give in just like that? It made Steve think he was sicker than he let on.
Tony was laughing, which was what Steve had intended to happen. "Steven! You're the only space heater I want!"
"Thank God for small miracles. Look," he pointed, "it's right there. That house on the same side as the fire department?"
"Howard," he called, "I have something for you to wear to bed." When no answer came, he popped his head out of the room, fully expecting to find Howard sleeping at the island.
"We surely have no idea what you're talking about." Bruce smacked Clint again as his giggle fit increased in volume.
Tony left him to say goodbye to the others and took the elevator when it came back up from the lobby. He stood leaning against the back wall, feeling serene and hopeful. "J? Where's Howard?" he asked as the doors closed. There was a nervous twitter in his stomach. It felt the start of something. He wasn't sure what, but it was good. It felt like the pieces within him were finally, finally clicking into place. He was going to be whole. It felt absolutely
. "Again, what the fuck, Natasha?!"
Steve waited twenty minutes instead of the asked for fifteen until he took the elevator down to the workshop, always thankful for JARVIS' insight in taking him where he needed to go. When he entered through the doors, it was to see Howard and Tony giggling over something, both leaning against one of the tables and trying to get a hold of their laughter. It struck him quite suddenly how happy he was to witness it. He had been so sure of his hatred of Howard. The feelings from the day Rhodey had come over, and Steve made tea and Tony called him Captain United Kingdom had boiled over until there was nothing left in the pot except for the blackened, burned bits. Steve had tried so hard to not show his contempt, but once the emotions became clear to him, it was nearly impossible for him to disguise them.
a little afraid of Pepper, but then again, so was everyone. It took certain strength to deal with Tony as long as she had. "He's telling the truth. We honestly don't know."
"Well, yeah," she said, her lips curving into a quick and small grin at the sounds Tony was making. "But he's creating panic, and that's a problem." Her face returned to its normal passive visage.
"No," Rhodey said slowly, "I don't think it's going to be that easy at all. But it's worth a shot, right?"
"You said that yesterday," Natasha spoke, taking another bite of apple, but still not looking away from Steve.
"Made a deal with him last night. Said I'd deal with the frat party if he used his culinary genius." Rolling over, Steve grabbed Tony's pillow and shoved it under his head. "Didn't say a time though."
Tony nodded. "Severely. I'll see you in a bit."
"Maybe Clint will teach me how you shoot an arrow. Or! That cool, silent, creepy sneaking thing Nat knows how to do so well!" As the elevator doors closed, Howard turned to Steve, a sly smile on his face. "Hey! You think Tony will let me fly the suit?"
"It's not," Clint answered with a grunt. "We can't find anything, though we located the original text Howard used to get here."
"No."
Bruce was patting him on the back, "Blind leading the blind is an understatement."
"To get us there? I mean, I don't really feel like walking but if you do..." Tony was feeling stupider by the moment. How was it that this man, this annoying, selfless, kind, and loyal man made him feel like he couldn't even do simple math?
There was a certain innocence to the young fools, parading around in short skirts or tight button downs. The air mingled with perfume and cologne, the scent of alcohol and cigarettes, pizza, burgers, dirty water dogs, and pretzels. Laughter as one girl finally gave into her aching feet as she kicked off her heels and ran barefoot - a definite risk! - down the steps to track 15 when the Long Island Railroad throws a curveball and goes to an unexpected track.
He punctuated each of the elongated vowels of the last word with a shake.
"Just get dressed! We have to be down in Chelsea in an hour, Happy is waiting."
"Got a lot to unlearn, apparently."
"I know, and that's why I know you'll do as I ask." She reached around him and opened the door. "You also have the unique happenstance of knowing exactly what it's like to not have control of a situation."
"What?"
She shrugged and stood, "Tony would have laughed."
"We do. And it's better now. We both had to learn to let go of some control. Me especially. But enough about me and Tony, there's plenty of time to discuss the finer nuances of my relationship with your son in the future," Steve teased, grinning at Howard. "I'd like to discuss how we can help each other."
When she left, he got up, stripping and joining Tony in the shower, carefully and gently showing him how much he loved him through physical touch.
: This is amazing! NGL, I came so hard. Do you take requests? What if he wore Steve's colors and Steve couldn't help himself?
Coulson's lips twitch. "That I do. What I can tell you now, however, is what my first few years as an angel were like."
decide to make." There was a pointed glance at Steve, and again Clint found himself slowly moving away. He didn't know how Pepper always knew when someone did
"Is that what the kids are calling it these days?"
"Yinsen!"
She nodded in acknowledgment. "JARVIS, as much warning as you can for when Fury arrives?"
"Maybe not." Steve's voice was barely above a whisper. He tightened his hold on Tony's hand. "But I'm going to try. I love you. I love you so much it scares me sometimes. I don't want to lose you. Wouldn't you do the same?"
The scientist shook his head. "My medical knowledge is limited to third world afflictions. I'm not a doctor." He sighed at their looks, "I mean a medical doctor. Big difference. He needs to eat better."
It was wonderful, but at what cost? And could he really compare Steve's life and seeing him to destroying Tony's? Was that fair to even do? Whether or not he cast the spell, Steve was going to be found. He would be no help in that, and he was taking Steve from his love.
More pieces. The picture was becoming clearer. "You are a different man than Tony knows then? Closer to the one Steve was acquainted with?"
"My little slut." Steve growled, landing a smack on Tony's cheek, grinning at the ripple of skin. "Such a whore. Tell me. Are you my little whore?"
Also, you can find me on Tumblr: xRiaRose
"-Just think that this could be good for him, and I need your support on this-"
a way with words?"
Howard saw a dark spark, a small flash of brightness as Tony's eyes briefly lifted before falling again, right back to the same spot below him. "What's not fair?" He asked, his own voice taking on a slightly defensive tone.
"I have no interest in you dropping your pants, Stark."
Coulson looks offended for half a moment, but it dissolves into confusion. "You would rather hear about a pickle I got into than about what you're going to be doing as an angel?"
Steve let his white doctor's coat fall into a puddle on the floor. "Tastes even better."
. He was far too adorable when he wanted to be. No wonder people couldn't help but fall in love with him.
Kissing his shoulder, Steve ran his hands up Tony's side, letting just the whispers of his fingertips graze his skin. He leaned down, taking one of Tony's nipples into his mouth, sucking on it, caressing it with his tongue. Tony whimpered, his hands going to Steve's head, "oh fuck."
Of course, he
Tony cut him off with a wave of his hand. "It's yours too until I can build you your own."
Steve laughed, a pure sound, cutting through the sexuality of the moment. "Too many clothes for that just yet."
"Children!" Steve jokingly chided, amused that this was his life now. Father and son they may be, but the closeness in age and the unique circumstances of their meeting meant they bickered more like two brothers. The relationship between Steve and Howard was also much different. Tony had fallen asleep, head in Steve's lap, more than once in the previous four months when the two ended up staying up late talking about the war, and the Howling Commandos, and Peggy, and everything they had missed. Howard filled Steve in on details of the sixteen years Howard had experienced without him. Things textbooks and the History Channel documentaries couldn't know. There was a quiet peace between them, underscored by their humor and goofiness when an abandoned prank war started again between the two.
Did they find a way to alter his memory? Or did something go horribly wrong? Or was Tony going to wake up the next day with a boatload of new memories?
"Don't read too much into it." Maybe Pepper was right. Maybe he really was full of shit.
As sad as it is to witness her deterioration, even for only a few minutes, the love between the older couple was palpable. It was ageless. Something that transcends her illness, his bad hip. Something pure and immortal. Something rare that would live on even after their deaths.  And despite the cold, he is warmed by it, if only for a one small moment. It envelops him, like a hug or a blanket. A hot cup of tea by the fire as he sketches the man so often in his thoughts.
It was comical, and more than once Natasha had to corral Clint into facing back towards the front and to
Tony enunciates as he paws through the refrigerator for a carrot, "are going to make the boss of all snowmen. Ever. As soon as I can find a carrot."
Tony rounded on him with overly wide and innocent eyes, "You did not."
"Oh God!" he exclaims, rushing forward. Tony looks confused for a second before Steve is on him, wrapping his arms around him and lifting the smaller man from the floor. "You're alive!" His tears are coming faster now, in relief and joy to see Tony. Alive. Not dead. Safe. Not at the bottom of the Pacific. "Tony, oh my God, Tony!"
Steve shrugged. "Your guess is as good as mine. But too much. He's weak, he's fatigued. We're changing his diet, trying to see if that helps."
"We don't have to talk about this right now, Howard."
"Besides," Steve said, his hands running down Tony's back to grip his bottom, "perfect implies normal and that's infuriatingly boring." In one movement, he hoisted Tony up, happy to hear that he actually did squeak when unexpectedly manhandled, just like he had imagined in his fanfiction. "And we're not normal." He cheeked, "Our relationship catalyst was me writing about us having sex for our fans."
As he approached the door, Dum-E took a corner too sharply and knocked a handful of blueprints over. Howard flailed and jogged to pick them up, but Tony knocked before he could place them back on the table. Entering, Tony gestured to the blueprints. "Don't worry about it. Dum-E is a disaster. I'm used to it."
Wait. Was Steve flirting with him? No. No way in hell. Best to ignore it. And anyway, there was coffee to think about.
Hmm, me thinks Natasha is up to something...
She was exasperated. "Tony, that's all well and good, but you don't seem to have the same ideas about someone touching you. It's like you think you're not worthy and- Holy fuck, you don't think you are!" Natasha's eyes went wide, a look Tony wasn't familiar with on her. Confusion. Shock. Disbelief.
The flashes of the cameras were blinding and Tony had to raise an arm in front of his face to keep from stumbling. They sent white stars across his vision and despite feeling better than he had, he was still not ready to deal with the media's tenacity.
. I gots loyalty. They don't fear me; they respect me. All I ask is for places to conduct business in exchange for protecting them, I don't take their fucking money. All this," he gestured to the safe, "is because of the booze. I'm a fucking business man. I'm goddamn intelligent. Smarter than all you fuckers, I changed the game. I figured out how to make it better, how to store it better, how to transport it better. Other
"May have?"
Steve's face hardened, and Bruce had to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from scolding him.
"Don't worry about it, it's fine," Steve reassured, pulling his own pajamas pants off. Tony didn't look convinced, so Steve distracted him by pulling off Tony's shirt and then his own. "Shush, just let me love you."
She laughed again, "That's the spirit!"
"What's the retirement age?" Tony asks, genuinely curious. He's tempted to ask if they have a pension or a 401K as well.
"Search engine, it's that page - webpage? On the internet - that I showed you." Standing, Tony smiled brightly. "It's all there."
Prompt: Love or Lust
"Are you okay?"
Howard's voice was barely above a whisper. "He beat you?"
"If you had just stopped goading her for one second, we could have caught her and been done with it!" His head snaps to the right, glaring at Tony, knuckles tight around the metal rails on the side of the bed.
Still though, taking a life didn't sit right in Steve's chest, evil bastard or not. He needed to get out of there. Not only to remove himself from what he did, but because it was getting harder to ignore the urges of his lust.
"This ugly old thing?" Tony teased, turning in Steve's arms to face him. "And yes, please. I feel like we've been trapped in here for days."
"A split second before they die, you'll know. It's so you can't save them."
"I promise." Placing his hand at the small of Tony's back, he guided him toward the bathroom. "Let's get cleaned up, talk, and then figure something out for dinner. Afterwards, I promise I'll be the best pillow you've ever slept on."
Grinning, Steve tries and somehow fails even more than Tony. "Tongue twisters were never my forte," he's giggling madly, and it's adorable as much as it's a relief to see. Steve will never look like he did at the kitchen island ever again, not if Tony has anything to say about it. His belly flips with just the mere thought of working to keep Steve happy. He's aware he has it bad, but he's more than willing to stay as they are if it means Steve will let him help him.
"My intelligence is next to almost none. Bruce can match me. And I think
"So," he started with a lighter tone, knowing he was about to ask a lot, "Natasha kinda got Clint drunk. And Howard," he rushed through the words, wincing as he said them, "Clint and Howard. Smashed in the living room. They ate pizza. They drank vodka."
So Tony sat at one of his work stations, staring blankly at his screens, his mind a rotating Ferris wheel of what Thor had said and all things Steven Rogers. The whirring of Dum-E and the subsequent poke to his side brought him back to reality.
bridge. The one from the story. His face once again flushed, but it was weak, since most of his blood had rushed to his cock.
Pulling her phone from her pocket, she popped off a quick text, Clint reading over her shoulder.
Steve turned to face Howard, who was looking rather lopsided at him. "All right, time for bed, Howard."
"Good, because this next part tends to make or break most with their choice. If you die, the only guaranteed safe passage back to Heaven is if you die on holy ground. Anywhere else, and you're susceptible to attack."
Snorting, Tony pulled out his phone and started texting.
That drew a laugh, and Tony let his head fall against Steve's chest. "I regret the day I ever introduced you to those movies."
Bruce's alarm woke him at half-past seven. He groaned and rolled over, dismissing the annoying and chirpy music that sang out from his cellphone, and throwing the blankets over his head. "Damn you, Rogers!"
"I see you're standing at attention, Soldier."
"All accounted for."
"You should have told us. No wonder you weren't sleeping."
Tony was frozen solid. He had been unconscious, had never seen the reactions from the others. Something broke inside him, a piece of his anxiety. It was good. It filled him with a warmness he had never felt before.
And if Steve ignored the grumbling of his own stomach, who was going to know?
"Your eyes are so pretty!"
Nodding, Tony reached for him, pulling Steve up to stand and grabbing at his slacks until he could push them down over Steve's thighs. "That's the most beautiful cock I've ever seen."
Hill had been clear in what she knew. The spell was irreversible, and the only other person they knew of who had performed it was still living his life out in the future. Fury knew more, and they had left a message for him to get over to the tower as soon as possible. Which made it even more prudent that they hasten their steps. The team needed to be forewarned.
Two days later and it was Bruce calling Tony, interrupting his marathon work session in the workshop and smugly speaking. "There's another story up. Guess what it's about?"
"Captain Rogers is right, sir," another younger man spoke up; he was in one of the seats, a textbook open on his lap. "And was he right about consent." The car was slowly clearing out, so he had a better view of Tony and Steve.
"Ah huh, and this is nothing too!" Tony may be smaller than Steve, but he can be almost as quick. Bending and scooping up a handful of snow, he launches it at Steve, hitting him square in the face. Steve only laughs and paws at the icy mixture, wiping his face clean. He doesn't retaliate, which is another annoyingly endearing quality he has that Tony adores. He can take as much as he gives when it comes to cheek.
He threw his arms out, "So what's the problem?"
an assassin for the Red Room. I'm not anymore, before you decide to report me to the authorities."
The voice in his head sounded strangely like Natasha's.
"Oh does he now?"
"I think he's having a panic attack!"
Clint grunted his laugh in response. "How's it feel to be on Cap's bad side?"
Tony made a face, holding up the bowl and looking down at his stomach, "Am I getting a belly?"
"No," Coulson confesses, "but then again, I led a rather happy and simple life before I died."
"You're a Viking badass, Thor."
RiaRose - 3136 - A2 - Love or Lust
He had accepted it when Tony was becoming friends with him. It made sense if they were going to work together, but a romantic relationship? That hit hard. And Rhodey was
Thor chuckled, "I have been alive a long time compared to you. But I am still young among my people. Still learning."
(See the end of the chapter for
"What? It's true. You should get drunk a few times a week and in the mornings work on your senses. It's a smart move."
"In that case, see if Thor would like some tea as well. And ask if all the pizzas have pineapple on it, because if they do, I have a Hot Pocket with my name on it."
"The point," Howard sighed and sat next to him, "is that I know I made a mistake in coming here. But we can't change that now. Steve, I--" He turned, peering up into Steve's face, "--I will do whatever it takes to make this better. I keep screwing up, and even if you don't want to hear it, you have too. We're human," he shrugged, "we're not impervious to mistakes. But if I know one thing, it's that you belong with Tony. And he belongs with you."
"I thought it was a loop." Dropping his face into his hands, Howard sighed. "That I was split but would reconverge with the other Howard. And it would loop back and forth, back and forth."
Tony recoiled in surprise, "What?"
"So, will you take me back?"
Three weeks later, Tony has put some weight back on, if only to keep Steve's concern at bay. He makes himself eat and retire to his rooms each night for a proper sleep on a proper bed. It's just after midnight, and Tony lies on his side, blankets up around his shoulders, staring out into the Manhattan night.
Looking down, Tony rocked onto the outside of his feet. The action so childish he sent a spark of protectiveness through Howard. "I'm in a relationship."
God, if Steve only knew. Just being around the man made Tony feel more secure than ever had before. He felt safe with him, something he couldn't remember ever feeling, save for maybe once when he was a child, and Maria Stark had been sober enough to spend actual quality time with him.
"Thank you." Tony said, his face a visage of relief, "thank you so much."
"-I'm a liability."
Rhodey dismissed that with a flip of his hand. "And Rogers? How's he doing with all this?"
"You're not going to heal quicker just because you're an angel," Michael warns, lifting Tony's arm and tracing where he thinks a gash would be. Tony cranes his head to see. That's gonna hurt like a bitch. "You suffer as your charges do, so that you can feel more akin to them." Gently, he tilts Tony's head.
When they parted, it was with a great reluctance. Tony shivered from the cold and Steve stood in response, pulling Tony up with him. He bent down to grab his laptop. "Where's your new hoodie?" Steve remarked with a bit of cheek.
The half-Sicilian's eyes fluttered closed and his hands ran up Steve's back and into his hair, the kiss he gave him seemed to pour his own emotions out. Steve could read them out loud and clear.
Fury smirks, looking impressed. "That may be partially it."
Dropping his head in his hands, Steve groaned. "I'm so screwed." His head whipped up, and he pointed at Howard who was laughing harder if it was at all possible. "No! Don't! I didn't mean it like that either!" But he was giggling himself, though his face was flushing badly. "Oh, crap."
Steve leaned up enough to pull Tony's shirt off, immediately dropping down to take one of his nipples into his mouth, closing around it and sucking the tiny nub. Tony's hands flexed, digging into the blanket.
"Huh," Tony felt a smile ahead across his face, "finally made it to the workshop, I see. Is he making a mess?"
Which
"Whatever. We need onions."
Natasha stepped in front of him, blocking his view, "Yes, that's him, but Rhodey,
From his dresser, he plucked out a pair of jeans and a shirt, grabbing his underwear from another drawer and gesturing to them, "Mind if I get dressed if we're going to have a conversation?"
"Doctor," Tony gasped, his hips shaking with need,
Howard threw his hands up placatingly, "I concede. It's fine. Just, enough with the hostile takeover, all right?"
"Nats, come on. I was lucky." He moved his water glass away from him, just in case. "I just want to share the luck."
Tony's mouth fell open then turned up into a smile. He wasn't even ashamed as he launched himself into Steve's arms. "You're home!"
She shot him a glare, lifting one foot from the balcony and kicking it in his direction. "Dick. Someone could fall in love with a noseless twat-"
, but it was well within his right to considering…
He also knew Tony might be pissed that Clint had called in the big guns to handle the situation.
dirty," Tony grumbled, toweling off his hair, "I showered yesterday."
His eyes are already slipping closed, and he's out moments later.
"Tell her to start with karate. It's discipline, and it's a fighting style. She can move on to better martial arts in a few years when she's older," she said, and Tony knew she was secretly pleased.
"For what it is worth, I am sorry we spoke so behind your backs. It is only because we care so deeply."
"Does Steven hold feelings for you?” He didn't wait for an answer. “Yes. He does."
It took Steve a moment to answer. Howard could see his jaw working. "No, not anymore."
Tony moves his head enough to look up at Michael. "I—" but he's still unable to speak.
"It's a living."
"Stripping?"
Her laugh is as muddied as the banks down at the Loeb Boathouse after a rain, but still so genuine it sends an ache through Steve's chest. "Oh, yes, I remember." He has the distinct feeling she does not. That this is probably a
The pleasure built, and he had to fight to keep his eyes open as he gasped and moaned, Steve's strong arms holding him steady as he thrust in and out, his mouth slack and his eyes growing darker with need. Tony wanted to memorize it all. He wanted this last time burned into his brain, indelible. Permanent. Like a tattoo in memoriam of what he was about to give up.
Forty minutes later, he was running to the bathroom. A half hour after that, he was asleep in Steve's arms on the couch.
"Thank you," Tony's hand flew up into the air, signaling that what Bruce said was all that needed to be laid out. "A
my father?"
The height is exhilarating for all of fifteen seconds before Tony starts to fall. His arms flail uselessly, clanking against the metal of the Mark I armor. The sky is tumbling past his vision, trading with yellow sand, flipping him again to see vast blue. It's disorienting. His last thought before he hits the ground is that, at the very least, he died taking out The Ten Rings. His sacrifice might mean hundreds of lives saved.
"It'll take Clint fifteen minutes to get to the diner and fifteen back. Take a nap, Tony."
Steve took his empty mug. "Let me get you more coffee." Sometimes the best comfort was the little things, small actions to help take care of those one loved. Coffee was one of those things between the bandmates: a warm drink, a favorite mug, and conversation. These were the things the fans
"That," Clint said, holding up his pointer finger, "is now Steve's job."
Steve was quiet for a long moment, watching as Tony landed the quinjet and the wings folded up. He took a deep, audible breath. "Is this what you really want?"
Stepping toward Steve as they finished -- Rhodey a forgotten figure behind him -- Tony took Steve's hand. "Frost was right about some things in that poem, you know. I'm an engineer, I don't really have much to say about literature and its analysis, but I can say this: The leaves lost their color in autumn, right? And they die in winter? He says nothing good can stay-'' Moving closer, Tony lifted his hand and cupped Steve's cheek. He felt warm and soft. Like home. Steve felt the tightness in his chest loosen, just a little. "
boyfriend," she shot back, walking past him and tapping his shoulder, "Tag! You're it, Rogers."
there.
Tony lifted his beer tankard. "Hear! Hear!"
And that left…
Scoffing, he stepped away again, his eyes trained on the figure at the window.
"Natasha Romanov? He wants me to meet her too."
Stupid and silly? Maybe. But the next chapter has some serious bits in it, so yuck it up while you can! And PLEASE LOVE ME AND LEAVE A COMMENT?!
The shield left his hand with a flick of the wrist, he had no memory of doing it after. But he remembered -- afterwards -- how it connected with the man's arm and severed it. He could only spare half a thought to his own mental state that it took that long to use it as it bounced off a lamppost and careened back into Steve's grasp. It was a bit violent, honestly, a bit too gory, but the bastard had aimed for Tony.
His eyes open; it's Natasha again. "What did you call me?"
Tony blinks at him. Did an angel just ask if he's read Harry Potter? What the actual fuck. "I'm a nerd at heart, of course I have."
out herself with that one!
Rhodey sat forward in a challenge, "And you're dating Tony! You get to sleep next to him
Confused, Steve said, "What?"
Tony struggled, just a little, before giving in to the embrace. "I'm a grown ass man, Rogers."
Tony's hips began to undulate slowly, rocking down into Steve's fingers, his body tense with want. "And I fuck myself. Sometimes hard and fast, sometimes slow. I aim for my prostate, humping against it. Drives me insane." His words were short and clipped, punctuated with every roll of his hips as he demonstrated, fucking himself on Steve's fingers.
was Howard Stark. Even dressed in jeans she remembered were Tony's (she was pretty sure she picked them out for him) and a faded Yankees jersey she was positive came from Tony's closet, he still had a
"Nosey is an understatement," Steve mutters under his breath, his lips curving upward as he glances at Tony to make sure he heard. He's such a brat. Tony really loves that about him.
The physicist just gave a soft laugh in answer, "His children," he said in response to the unspoken question. Tony's bots were his kids. He created them, and they loved him best.
"JARVIS, please resume the movie and dim the lights."
Howard at least has the decency to look a little ashamed, "I thought it would make a fun adventure."
Tony sniffed, "I'm sorry, I'm being fucking ridiculous." Bringing up his free hand, he wiped at his eyes, refusing to let them spill over. Because
"Right." It was no time to lose footing, so she hurried on. "Also, BLI said they'd consider letting you guys in for SummerJam
Steve frowned and rubbed his face, "I can feel his ribs when I hold him." They all looked down at that. Tony was always so fit. "If something doesn't change, the next time he puts on the suit it's liable to snap him in half." Maybe it was an exaggeration, but the implication was clear.
"Yes, Captain Rogers, Sir is currently in his workshop."
"You got a dirty mind, Anthony." But he tilted his head to kiss down Tony's neck anyway, and Tony sighed happily. This was his favorite form of comfort; it was an intimacy he understood. "Or," Steve continued, pulling back to graze over Tony's lips, "we can eat some Dirty Water Dogs and stop hiding."
at the moment. He needs to back off, or he's going to lose Tony."
Ah fuck. He'd said the wrong thing. "I mean, okay, not all the time, right? Or I'd never get any work done!" His attempt at humor fell flat. He flushed. "Look it's fine, all right? I'm rich, a genius, famous, and good looking," he said with his trademark media smile, "can't have all the luck, right?"
He couldn't help it. Steve let out a laugh. "Tony, oh, sweetheart. Firstly, you're not a stranger. Secondly, you got that poem completely wrong." But he stepped into Tony's space, hands coming up to frame Tony's face.
Rhodey drummed out a beat on Tony's knees, a contemplative look on his face. "Where would we even start?"
A woman standing on Steve's other side peered around him to look at Tony, "That's never okay! Doesn't matter who ya are!"
What do you think? Do you think Tony is going to lose this bet?  😈
Coulson sighs deeply. It's filled with resignation and maybe a little bit of admiration. Tony holds onto that last bit, hoping it means his mentor won't try to stop him. "I'm not happy about it, but I know you. Be safe. Take your time."
Wrecked in the best way, Tony grabbed the dildo. Holding the two toys together, he pushed them both inside of himself.
They received a rather fierce glare in response, but it softened just as quickly. "Did he at least have fun?"
Steve snorted. "He means his skin had gone really pale."
Tony looks torn. He glances at Steve's chest then over to the door and back to Steve's face. "I'll stay here. It'll take too long to get upstairs and it's only for a half hour, and I'm really hungry."
A real smile fell across Tony's face as warm affection and appreciation for Rhodey wrapped around him like a towel fresh from the dryer after running in the rain. "Lay off my brownie, you pig!"
"But I also think if you don't let yourself heal, you'll never be able to let yourself be happy with Steve."
Steve answered on the fifth ring,
"Have you talked to him about it?" She asked gently.
"It's rare," Coulson informs him. He's looking down at his hands, and Tony can sense how this topic of conversation is affecting him. "But you know when they die."
"I feel dirty."
"I'd rather not."
"I'm with Steve. We're in love. He makes me happy." Tony began to step forward, foot raised and hand reaching out, and
"Director Fury is in the Avengers elevator and on his way up. ETA 44 seconds."
Sometimes, he was pretty good at filtering what his brain wanted to blurt out.
"Have you consumed anything other than what you said in the last week or so?"
The man screeched, high pitched and loud for such a big man, and jerked the reins he had on the dragon to turn toward Steve. "How dare you injure my beast!"
All things that would have made Rhodey curse the day that bastard had been born, had it not been for the fact that without Howard, he would never have known Tony.
But fictional Steve? He wanted everything Tony had and then some. In fact...
He could just read the date almost cut off at the top. May 5, 2012.
Damn. Nick was right.
Clint fared pretty well himself, given that he only had to procure meat, and honestly, he was an expert. He got the usuals, chicken quarters, pork chops, and steaks, also grabbing some sausages, chopped meat, and a whole chicken. He was damn proud of himself. He had even thought to stop at the deli counter and grab some cold cuts. As he wheeled his cart back to the registers, he saw Bruce wasn't having as much luck.
Moving to the other, Steve asked, "You like that?" Before taking it into his mouth and pressing his tongue against it.
"We only started last night at dinner, so not yet. He still got sick."
Opening his eyes, Tony lifted his head and looked at Pepper with awe. "You're amazing."
"Oh, no. Not with that attitude."
Howard looked unconvinced, "I don't see how anything I do could change the world that drastically."
Tony stood close to Steve in his shadow in an attempt to make himself disappear (or to send a warning to anyone dumb enough to try something that he was with Steve, and didn't that put a hop in his step!).
she had said,
"Liar. You love me." Waking towards the door, she turned to say one more thing, "I think the next story will be about Steve walking in on you and joining you." She paused. "Don't change your clothes, you'll just get messy again." And she was gone.
As the coffee dripped its last droplets into the carafe, Rhodey closed his eyes. Life had given Tony brilliance and money, good looks and courage, and in exchange had pummeled him with one upheaval after another.
All Bruce could do at that point was signal the waiter for their check.
"And the other guy," Howard exclaimed, throwing his hands in the air, "Tony or Tommy, or whatever, he ran as soon as I came into the room. What am I? A leper?"
That earned Rhodey a real laugh, and Tony was glad to give it. He hadn't felt human in days, and this? This was nice. Rhodey knew him. Rhodey would take care of him. "If it's any consolation, I completed these suits prior to Howard deciding to jump forward several decades."
Rhodey took a bite of the cookie he ordered, chewing thoughtfully before he answered. "You are always so against the notion that you were, but anyone who knew you -- like
"-Bisexual. It confused me at first as well. We do not have such titles on Asgard. There, you love who you love. Here it means a preference for the male or female gender. There are many such terms for different attractions or even the lack thereof." Leaning forward, he placed his hands on his lap. "How did you react?"
Tony kicked out at him lazily, his foot missing its target and flopping to the floor. "Clint will probably be game. And he can fly the jet."
"What? No! The night's still young!" He attempted to stand. And failed.
Natasha studiously ignored the loaded look Clint was giving her. "They're very close. And I'm not going to lie, Tony has suffered from it. But, Howard, you know this is your chance, right?"
on the skin.
"Come have dinner. Who knows when StonyFan1918 will update again, could be tonight. And you need your strength."
"Gluten?" Natasha's face took on a look of absolute revelation.
"Your point, Rogers?" Stepping back, Tony gestures to the hallway, "Go get bundled up. We leave in five."
"What?" She smirked, handing him three of the boxes and taking two herself. "Tony knows him too."
Outside, the glow of the city pulses with life.
him, or overhearing snippets of conversation, hushed whispers of what they thought, good and bad. It worried him as well as elated him. When the voices spoke in reverence, in awe, he wanted to scream out,
"Let's say we eat!" Clint clapped his hands once, always good at sensing an awkward moment that he wasn't directly involved in (but never ones he caused, poor schmuck), and Tony sent him a truly appreciative look.
detail when you called Rhodey," she hissed into his ear.
5. Interlude: This May Have Been Written by Steven Rogers. Or Was it Clinton Barton. Who Even Knows Anymore?
"You're cruel."
Smiling fully for the first time in two days, Natasha responded, "Shut up, Thor."
"Sir is as Sir always is. He attempts to show the world a face of general
"You look 44 to the rest of the world when your wings are away?" Tony tries to clarify. It's important he gets every detail right on the first go. It's how he learns. If even one fact is off, it upsets the synapses in his brain and derails his learning process.
Inside, the din faded and then completely vanished once the elevator doors closed. It was surreal, that difference between outside and in. But Tony supposed that oftentimes, that was just the way it was. He felt that way every day, keeping his demeanor to the public one way, but another in private.
"They're getting there, Thor," Steve comforted softly. "They've always been, uh, more aloof?" He looked to Bruce to see if he was wording it right.
"-It's okay. I'm not trying to control you."
It was so serene. Chilly, but nice, the trees bare and the sun bright. Joggers passed them by, and kids ran around. They were stopped a few times to take a picture or to sign something, but all it did was raise Tony's mood even more. The fans were enthusiastic, thankful, and sweet. They witnessed a proposal and cheered along with the crowd, tossed frisbees back to teenagers, and bought churros, eating them hungrily even though they had just had lunch, and licking the cinnamon from their own fingers afterwards, slowly making their way through the lively paths and passed hibernating trees. They veered left and right, choosing their way without care.
"Time's'it?" Tony moved slowly, snuggling deeper into the blankets.
Tony laughed outright at Tasha being referred to as a dame. She'd skin him alive if she ever heard him call her that. "Everyone knows Tasha is loyal to me. No, I need someone not on the payroll, officially that is. You are not
"Nat?" He hears Bruce say, but it's gargled by the pounding in his ears. Turning his back on Bruce, he moves to the kitchen, his body feeling too heavy and cumbersome. Awkward. Like when he was first getting used to it after the serum.
"Oh fuck," he moaning, using his thumb to scroll down the page. He needed his other hand, but he had muted Jarvis. With a loud grunt, he called out. "Un-mute, Jarvis, put it on the fucking screen! Oh God, I want Steve to fuck me so bad!"
"You never turn your phone off when you come here."
Tony without his glasses meant that Steve could see the deep brown of his eyes unhindered, but it also meant that those eyes were unfocused, unable to see the adoration Steve had for how beautiful they were.
"Am I ever going to meet this Bruce?" Howard leaned back, dropping his head to look at Tony. He looked ridiculous.
"Fuck."
"Hey, what's that?"
It is, as February is wont to be, both bittersweet and contradictory.
Tony's left leg buckled, Steve had found one of his weak spots. "Oh, fucking hell!" Steve pulled back to fumble with the buttons on his waist cost, popping a few off in his hast, ignoring the whine his stopping drew from the Don.
"Ass. Listen to me," Clint smacked Tony's hand away that was waving at his to make more fake wind, "What are you? Six? Stop that. Tony!"
Clint takes initiative, setting his tablet aside and standing to help Steve move Tony off of him. His agile fingers and quick reflexes catch Tony as he stumbles, and with Steve guiding him, is able to prop Tony up with a few pillows at the other end of the couch. "It's just us," he says to them, stepping back so Steve can drape the comforter over Tony, "Bruce mumbled something about time sensitive reactions - to be honest, I was only half listening - and Nat has a meeting downtown."
'til she was murdered. I took those bastards out. Me. You killed for ya own mother. What's the fucking difference?"
"Eighteen months!"
"Why are you telling me this?" He doesn't mean to interrupt, but Tony has to know. Why tell him about the great love of his life? The one he could never have? Tony's chest tightens, and he closes his eyes, turning his face into his pillow. He is second best. Steve's other choice since the first one didn't pan out. Always not good enough.
It works. A grin cracks open on Steve's face, and within moments, he's in a full belly laugh.
"I am Bridgette Montgomery, and you're in the Office of New Arrivals and Heaven Acceptance."
Two shaking arms finally wound their way around Rhodey's chest, and Tony let his head fall to his best friend's shoulder. "I don't know what to do." The admission was quiet and unsure, and Rhodey felt his heart break a little. Tony never admitted to not knowing what to do in any situation. Most of the time, he made it up as he went along.
"And since you are here, it seems that your work, maybe, is not done yet."
"Chuffed?"
And Tony Stark,
"You're an idiot."
"Tony!" he moaned, tugging softly on the strands, "I'm not going to last long, baby doll."
to feel like he was helping.
"I should have fought harder for you."
"Go ahead and hate me," Tony sneered, "but I'm exactly what everyone else wishes they could be but don't got the guts to do."
"You're only the fourth person I've told. Rhodey, then Pepper. Yinsen. Now you." Around the blanket, his hand moves on its own, a habitual motion cultivated from years of repeating. Open and close. Open and close. His fingers glide along pulled threads; they're a softness he could never find words to describe.
"That's disconcerting."
Nodding, Michael leans forward, steepling his fingers. "Exactly. You could have gotten out of there without killing yourself in the process; but, instead, you chose to sacrifice yourself to save others.
Tony winced, "Does everyone know?"
Natasha never really had any boundaries to begin with, and walked in without waiting for an answer.
He was greeted with warm smiles and knowing handshakes from those on the board and from those attending. At the luncheon, he ate delicious food, prepared expertly and safely, and chatted with the people at his table, never purposely giving his hand away but knowing that they all knew.
Feel free to sound off in the comments, I feed off your tears. 😂😈💜
to avenge his own.
The apartment was pristine, as it always was. Tony's workshop was constantly a mess but his living quarters were immaculate. Despite having a cleaning crew, he still tidied up everyday. Still vacuumed himself, did his own dishes. He was a neat freak.
Tony was just opening his mouth to answer when Howard asked, "Is Jarvis still alive?"
"Okay." Tony said. "Okay. What else?"
Maybe not the way Tony wanted, but it was love.
"He's probably harmless,"
"You're 40, Clinty, not getting any younger."
you called her a swamp beast!" The pillow lands with stunning accuracy, slamming into Tony's face. It would have been funny had Tony not cried out in pain, and Steve's angry face melts into concern. "Tony? Tony, I'm sorry! I didn't mean-"
"And you're annoying. Go!"
Tony's best friend. Bruce didn't want to assume that just because Tony was
"I got it handled, Tones, go back to bed."
"Your job doesn't put you where you need to be to watch over your charges. So consider this one of your lessons," with barely concealed curiosity, Coulson moves to the workbench, reaching for the toolbox, "learning to adapt to what your charges need. Natasha and Clint both work for SHIELD, so you need to as well."
The end.
Steve's face paled. "There was a child there. A little Irish girl, fresh off the boat I think. I told her to run, to go home."
Seeing a flash of red shoot across his vision, Steve stood and hastily put distance between him and Howard. "How dare you," he spit. "How dare you ask me to support you? Who the hell do you think you are? No!" he snapped when Howard opened his mouth to speak, "You don't get to talk. I-" he roughly jabbed his finger into his own chest, "get to talk now. You had your turn." Howard nodded once, wisely keeping quiet. "
It was done. Life would move on in linear time until Steve held the pin in his own hands once again. Then the rubberband of the universe would snap back and overlay it all. He would be pulled from this exact moment, changing the course of his life most likely, and charged forward, creating two parallel lines, one that did exist, and one that would.
"It's not linear," Fury continued, "Time, that is." At their confused looks, he shrugged and sat back, explaining, "Howard cast a spell that sent him to the future. It split him in two. The other Howard stayed behind and lived out his life. While the new Howard-" he gestured to the Howard seated next to him, "moved forward in time."
They entered at the back of the building through a lesser known entrance that was further to walk but had less time posing for photos. Hill, knowing the way, charged ahead to call the elevator, and all three stepped on in silence. Hanging from Hill's shoulder was a leather bag. In it -- tucked safely away -- was the spell book. They looked at each other before exiting the elevator into the common rooms, each looking more worried than the next. Hill, finally bringing the strap of the bag over her head, placed it on the kitchen counter. It was safe there.
"It's never Tony's turn if you ask him," she said teasingly.
It was tough to navigate sometimes, tough to reconcile everything that had happened. But then Steve would see Tony and Howard on the couch, locked in a furious chess match or arguing over a book they had read. Making silly jabs at each other, and throwing pillows.
Steve shrugged, "I don't smell anything bad, but, personal hygiene is important. Hey, back here in an hour?"
"Enjoy hell," Tasha chuckled, leaning over the back of James' chair to have her own look.
He was fully aware of how overprotective he could be. But someone had to. All those years before he had Steve to share the load with, worrying and worrying, fearing a kidnapping or attack. Afraid of Tony sleeping with the wrong person, or shutting down a business deal with someone dangerous, petrified that the man he cared for like a little brother would end up hurt or worse. It was awful.
Steve had just sat up, too worn to care about clean-up, and was tugging the blankets over them when there was a knock. And the door swung open.
"No way. That's out in the universe now." Pulling his phone from his pocket, Bruce hit his speed dial.
Steve cared.
for someone other than himself?
Tony's breath catches. "You didn't read all that in my file, did you?"
She was contemplative. "Okay, true." Popping her index finger up into the air, she mused, "Point, but - and hear me out here - what if we just removed his big toes?"
"Excuse me?"
"What do you mean?"
I truly hope this story has brought as much joy to you as it has to me! See you next week with the epilogue!
"No, they're not you."
Tony's elbow jolted out in surprise, sending his water glass shattering to the floor. "Steve is not in love with me, Tashy."
"Steve!"
Lips swollen and red from the kissing (and dear God, was that a good look on him), Tony stumbled to the door, taking care to adjust his pants to hide his erection. "J, lights on!" He hissed, trying to flatten his hair before swinging the door open. "Howard! Uhm, no, right, ready for bed?"
Steve has kept a steady vigil throughout the night. He can't leave Tony to suffer alone.
"You being so antithetical is part of why I fell in love with you in the first place," he murmured against Tony's mouth. "I love that you redefine terms, reinvent them like your creations."
"Oh, God. Do you know how good you feel in me?"
Tony had decided, after a long talk with himself, that no matter what Steve said, the hoodie was now the property of one Anthony Edward Stark. It was comfy. It was warm. It was finders' keepers.
So this was initially going to be longer, but the chapter was looking to be about 17,000 words, so I had to cut it off. Good news is that I have a head start on chapter three!
The sound of an electric whir interrupted whatever Clint was going to say. He turned and stood up, stepping back to join Natasha as she climbed to her own feet, and watched as Rhodey flew in.
Tony gives himself up to instinct and wraps an arm around Steve's shoulder. "There's nothing I can say that's going to make you feel better," it hurts to say, but Tony knows being truthful is the best way to handle Steve. He doesn't like platitudes and weak condolences. "What I
I want you to come in me, yes!
He was never going home. He was never going to see Maria again. They had only just begun, had only just started to get to know one another. He liked how feisty she could be, liked how her family was affluent but still held a charm that danced to a boisterous, vibrant beat. How she was still so soft despite the incredible energy of the rest of her
: He'd be so cute in Steve's hoodies. All over-sized. He's so tiny. Tiny Tony.
More graceful than Barton, Thor sat. "You should enter him now. You both need release."
His vision is closing in, his breaths coming shorter.
"Voldemort-?"
"It's going to get cold." Steve pointed to the plates, but his eyes took on an impish gleam in the clear blue.
With a soft smile, Steve stood and pulled Tony into his arms, kissing him sweetly. "You okay with him being there, angel?"
Steve blew out a breath, ignorant to everything. And it was better that way. His smile this time was warmer, fuller. "I'll be right back with the smoothie." He leaned forward, cupping Tony's face and kissing him sweetly.
"Hot dog cart. New York style. Extra sauerkraut."
"Bye, Tony, be good! For once!"
"That's… That'll always happen, Tony. No matter what. When one of your charges is about to die, they tell you. But—" he closes his eyes, hand going to his chest. His distress is evident, and it's freaking Tony out.
Raising his eyebrows, Steve gave him a pointed look. "Do you get it now? I don't care that you're not perfect, anyway, I'm not even close myself. I like you better this way. I love you not perfect. I love your flaws because they make you who you are. I want to be with you, I want to help you heal from everything that's happened to you, just like I know you want to help me. And I'm not saying it's an overnight fix. These things take time. But, Tony, we have the rest of our lives to figure that out."
. Child abusing bastard wasn't exactly on that list.
"Appetizer first. Then bacon. Then finally a shower."
say to tell him later."
"I need a drink."
Biting his lip, Steve turned his hand so his fingers could cup Tony's balls through his jeans. "Is that a yes, Mr. Stark?"
It felt so good, as it always did.
"Done, sir. Would you like me to play some Barry Manilow?"
Midgard had quickly become one of Thor's favorite places simply because it housed some of his favorite companions. He spent as much time there as he could because his fellow Avengers, mortal as they were, didn't have a millennia to live. He had a finite amount of time to enjoy their company and friendship, and he didn't intend to waste a single second.
"Yup, most popular tablet on the market. Then again, all my electronics are." He preened, sitting up a little taller. "This," he pointed to one the buttons on top, "turns the screen on and off. These are for the volume. The app - That's application, each one does something different - is for the internet, which has everything you could ever ask for. Just type in what you want here. That's called a search bar. These buttons on the bottom control what you want to do, so back, menu, and home screen," he demonstrated. "There're games here, and you know the camera. And this is the reading app, Book Worm; it works with Google books. So anything you want to read."
say anything. "We already have the problem of Howard going back knowing too much and going back in general, because that's kinda important in case you guys missed the memo."
He expected Steve to frown at him or to look disappointed. He didn't expect Steve to throw his head back and laugh. "I deserve that."
"That's Brioni!" Tony groaned, as the buttons hit the floor.
She poked her head into the room, knocking twice and pasting a smile on her face. "Hello! How are you? I'm Natasha." The album talk immediately ceased as the five men stood to shake her hand. She took stock of each of them, mentally listing everything she knew about the members. It didn't hurt that in her more innocent youth, she had been completely enamored with them, that is until she grew up and out of manufactured pop and fell right into metal and rock. But that meant she had a good feel for what they were about as artists.
Steve couldn't have chosen a better person to align himself to. Stark or not - Howard was learning that a name really meant fuck all - Tony
She shook her head. "No, you have to do exactly as you did. Or everything changes.
"Wait, you know him?" Clint looked wounded, pointing to the vendor. "And you never hooked a brother up?"
"Yeah, well, you know what they say: Breakfast is the most important meal of the day," he answered lightly, pushing down the emotions that were threatening to surge up.
Leaning down, Steve took Tony's lips with his own, slowly backing them up to the bedroom. "Now let's get this suit off you before we get it all dirty and you have to change."
It's all uphill from here, folks. See you tomorrow!
He lost Bucky -- he didn't
She bit back a retort, instead plucking the Starkpad from his hands, "You shouldn't be on that."
After this, he knew Steve would be free of the burden of Tony Stark.
"-Enough!" He leaned forward and put his hand over Clint's mouth. "I swear you wait three months for my guard to drop then you bring up Steve just to see me squirm." He paused. "Cut that shit out." Clint's tongue darted out to lick Tony's palm, "Ew! I don't know where that's been!" He wiped his hand on the tablecloth like the gentlemen he claimed to be.
Steve's inhale was stuttered, and the smile slipped from Howard's face. "What's wrong? Did something happen? Tony just… He kind of ran past us, but I didn't think -- Steve! Steve, what happened?"
His grip of Tony's hair lessened, afraid that he might have hurt him, but Tony just nuzzled his hip. "I like that. Do it. Pull my hair, Steve."
"-don't say it-"
Bruce was in his lab, like he expected him to be, but he wasn't working on anything. Not that Tony could tell anyway, but he was splayed out in his desk chair, swiveling back and forth, his head thrown back, looking bored.
Had it been 1999, their antics would have made headlines.
Natasha huffs, trading a glance with Clint, who sits next to her. He grunts and pulls out his wallet, slapping a fifty into her hand. She nods at him and turns back to Steve and Tony. "Not surprised. Just shocked you guys actually came out."
Out of vodka? Move on to sugar.
"It has been known to happen. But, my friend, you seemed like you needed it."
Steve continues, his voice soft. "I didn't know if I could ever love again. It didn't seem possible. But that's the thing, Tony," he leans in close. "The heart has an amazing capacity to love. And though I didn't think it possible, I fell in love again. With you. And somehow it's greater. Maybe because I know you better than Peggy - I never really got the chance to know her like I know you."
A hand slammed over his mouth. "
Focusing on what was in front of him, Steve barked out a laugh. There was lettuce in Howard's hair. "He's your son. You know as well as I do that there's no controlling him."
A creature of habit when he's not in the field, Clint lifts his phone to dial, but an affronted JARVIS stops him. "Do you see me trying to shoot a bow and arrow, Agent Barton?"
"Stop calling me that! I'm not Polish."
She let herself fall back into a sitting position, pulling her phone out and making a face.
A knock on the door of the shower, pulled Tony from his thoughts.
Giving up on diplomacy, Steve uses his Captain voice. "Chatter!" There's a slew of laughter, but they all settle down once again. "As I was saying. To a New Year! I wish for the safety of my family," he dips his glass at the Avengers, "happiness for my friends," this time to Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy, "and all the love in the world to the man who somehow found it within himself to love me in return."
"Can it?" Steve asked, looking up at him. "Because you didn't see him. You didn't see-" he trailed off, unsure of how to verbalize what he was thinking. Shifting his body so he could look at Bruce, he tried again. "Do you remember the first few months after the Chitauri invasion? How Tony would have constant flashbacks and panic attacks? How when it got really bad on some days, he would disappear into his suite and just… sleep?" Bruce nodded. "This was worse. He barely left the bed, refused to eat, he was just so… hollow."
"Masochist."
They made his follow-up appointment at the desk and left, once again facing the onslaught of cameras and a new addition to the bottom feeders: reporters.
himself to make something newer and better, to be
"All wounds remain with your mortal body," she answers simply, flipping pages, signing, and stamping. Tony tries to see what they say, but she's too quick. Slamming the file closed, she grins at him. "This is always so exciting for me. It doesn't happen often, you know. And two in one day! Well, Rhonda had Ho Yinsen, and I honestly don't expect him to accept, but
"That's where you're wrong. They absolutely
"That's Hawkass64 to you, Natashaboo."
"I'm 42, you think I fucking know?"
He took his time. Slipping one finger inside and gently working the muscles. Tony tensed at first, sending out a slew of curses that made Steve freeze.
"You should probably sit down."
The man who walked over wasn't at all what Tony was expecting. He was tall, broad, and gorgeous. Blond hair and blue eyes, built like a brick shithouse. If he agreed, he'd be perfect. Sammy Silver Feathers had said he'd find the perfect person to do the job. He was more right than he knew.
After Tony ate most of the sandwich and finished the fruit, he split the cookies with Rhodey, leaning his head on his shoulder as he chased the sweetness with the coffee. They were quiet, the need to fill the silences between each other gone by the end of their first semester knowing each other. Rhodey was content to act as a pillow for Tony, as he had done so often before.
"I'm going! I'm going! Jeez, you're worse than Fury sometimes!"
"Howard was completely shocked. Before you put a hit on the guy, he's actually fine with it, but his reaction was stunned and didn't go over well, understandably."
"Yeah, some blond
Coulson gives Tony a reassuring look before lifting from his own chair and walking over to them.
And quite suddenly it was dark. The lights inside the living room hushed out, and Tony had to adjust his eyes to the ambient light of the city, light that framed Steve in a halo. His breath caught.
"Barton, you better not be in the vents!" He called out, standing and rolling his desk chair over to the opposite wall to stand on it. But when he peered inside the high up air duct, nothing was there. "Huh."
"Then sleep?"
But he had also seen Rhodey rally behind Tony. Support him, care for him. Fuss over him when he was injured, and pull him from some of deepest, darkest crevices of his own mind.
"So much better than the stories. You don't give yourself enough credit."
Steve grabbed the sides of Tony's face, yanking him down to shove his tongue in his mouth, unable to control himself as his hips jutted up, slamming into Tony, his movements completely involuntary at this point. "Come on, doll, let me see you come," Steve purred, feeling the familiar tightness in his balls and willing himself to hang on, just a little longer. "I've missed seeing how beautiful you are when you come."
"Mine turned into a dead beat with a love of petty crime. Count your blessings, son."
Physically turning him to face the doorway and pushing him in, she shot back, "I had to have been dumb enough to marry you in the first place for that to work."
"The fans will
Unable to begrudge Tony of that, Steve left Natasha to her spying. He approached Tony in the armchair, smiling as the genius looked up in surprise. "Hey there, handsome. Room for one more?" Tony plucked a book from the pile on the end table next to him, handing it to Steve without a word. It didn't matter what the novel was about, he only cared that Tony fit snugly in his lap, and the lull of pages turning took them from the afternoon into the evening.
Smiling softly - if a little embarrassed - he said, "Get the hot sauce out for me, I'll be right back." And he left, headed down the hallway and into the kitchen, where he found Howard still at the island, flipping through a magazine, as alone as he was when Tony left him.
"Good move," Bruce supplied, "that's like bacon sausage. From what I hear, you're kind of obsessed."
"Thank you, JARVIS," Steve answered, trading a look with Bruce.
"We're not usually fans of people who threaten everything we know."
Making a face, she grumbled, "No." Turning, she eyed him, taking in the dark blue sweater. "That's Steve's."
The rolling mountains of the Catskills always had a calming effect on Natasha. Unlike the Rockies or the Alps or any of the other more famous and larger ranges, the Catskills offered a quiet magnitude. They were a little shy in their height, but the graceful waves of their slopes and the little towns that nestled in between them spoke of a gorgeous silence, a peaceful waltz that dipped and grew, shrunk and leaped. Within the wooded lands of this forgotten part of New York lay half-collapsed barns, train tracks and bridges no longer in use, and shimmery creeks. Far back, deep into the pines at the foot of Hunter Mountain, rested one of her favorite safe houses.
Over the course of several months, Tony had gone from teammate to friend to confidant to the best friend he’d ever had next to Bucky.
"You're one of Michael's favorites."
"140/90. That's a little high. Can you step on the scale for me?"
Chuckling darkly, she finally turned her head to face him. "I'm sure that went over well."
"Nonsense," she dismissed, turning to face him. "If this is about Steve punching you, I think he's gotten it out of his system. Besides, I'm pretty sure Tony chewed him out for it."
Dinner and everything else could wait.
It was worth wasting a cookie to throw at Clint's head.
Tony looked down, unable to fathom any world where Steve Rogers wasn't worthy of something. "How long have you known?"
They were in the kitchen at some point, the rest of the team, but not long enough to see all that. Right?
But Tony answered with no problem. He knew their language, even if he couldn't speak it back. "Steve. I fell in love with Steve." Dum-E spun around, his arm popping up and down. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to keep it a secret. I was just afraid of saying it out loud." The gentle nudge to his thigh had Tony smiling openly. His robots, essentially his children, were often the only things he could speak honestly around. That had started to change, with the formation of the team, but he still was the most transparent when it came to his creations.
"I think Steve needed it more than me." He settled at the edge of the bed, looking at Steve as he placed the cooked bacon on paper towels. The curved dip in Steve's back that protruded out to his ass had Tony tilting his head in appreciation. He spoke low, but he knew Steve's enhanced hearing could pick up on every word he said. "I'm worried for him.”
"Your point?"
"Beats me. This is your experimental shit. I still have doubts this thing is going to come off me without the landing pad."
The thoughts from the day before were tripping through his mind. Stumbling over new information and banging into walls. He had known this. Ignored it, but had known. Tony was his
"What happened?" Dry. His throat is scorched with it. "Water?"
"You need a swift kick in the ass is what you need."
"No, right. That makes sense." Bruce heard the rustling of bed covers, "It was such a shock, we didn't think of it. That's," he paused again, "that's really irresponsible."
Russian translation: Shit
Thor tried to give his usual hearty laugh, but a choked moan interrupted it when Steve pulled the vibrator from Tony's ass again and slammed it back in. Tony's whole body jerked.
"You worked with Ty?" Steve said softly, glancing at Tony.
It was hard to believe in theory, but the man seated on the couch looked a hell of a lot like Howard Stark. It was an easy thing to prove. She just needed some DNA, and Bruce could test it against Tony's. Not that she didn't believe Steve, she just never judged anything at face value.
"You only like me for what I can cook for you."
"What we both need is sleep." But Steve stands anyway, curiosity gently peeking out behind his sad blue eyes. He swipes at his tears, chuckling despairingly, and huffs out a sigh. "What do you have in mind?"
"That worked better in the movies."
He allowed himself a moment to pick his clothes, at the very least giving himself some form of autonomy back by digging through his drawers and freeing a pair of lounge pants that were at the bottom. It felt a little like control, and it did more for Tony's spirit than anything else had.
"I'll take you with me, you flying hazard."
"Tony's right," Steve said, hugging him a little tighter. "I guess the best solution is the one that is the least painful to Howard."
Tony stayed comfortably squashed between his two favorite bookends for a little longer before Rhodey had to leave. He had seen him to the door, watching enviously as the War Machine armor assembled around him. As much as he wanted to escape to the skies, he knew - barring a call to assemble - that he was too emotional to navigate the suit. He could put JARVIS in charge, of course, but half the fun was flying himself.
Tony chuckled, feeling Steve's hunger pains vibrate through his chest, "I'd go but…"
"Shouldn't you be changing your shirt?" Steve lightly chastised, sitting by Tony's head.
"You'll be going back to the desert. Your friend is currently searching for you, and he's close to your crash site. Just walk, and he'll find you." They've changed Tony into clothing resembling what he was wearing when he died and ripped, dirtied, and stained it accordingly.
"Yeah, yeah, yeah." Bruce dismissed him, hanging up as Tony's laugh echoed along the line.
Most of their time was spent in the common rooms, a kitchen and a living room that catered to housing six superheroes. Tony was the only one with an actual apartment, but then again, it was
"So that's it? You don't need me." His voice flat, Tony turned towards the elevator, but Steve grabbed his arm.
But I
Tony wobbles his head back and forth like he's contemplating it. "I can deal with dirt. Archangel, you say? Do you always make house calls?"
"And you're gross."
Something is afoot! Tony's world is about to run amok. AMOK AMOK AMOK!
Rolling to his side, Howard groaned and covered his face. Seeing the footage of the attack was horrifying. The blue beam pointed to a split up sky, the twisted visages of the Chitauri as they attacked Manhattan. The wreckage and carnage, the piles of dead. And Tony. His own flesh and blood, a man whose brain, logically speaking, was worth more than any common civilian, flying up to his own death to save them all. And somehow miraculously surviving. The luck of the Starks continued.
"Wait!" Scrambling to his feet, Steve lunged at Clint, succeeding in knocking his tea to the floor, but also getting his phone out of the archer's hands. "Do you mind?"
Steve and Tony get picked for a recon mission and everything comes to a head.
into me telling Howard that
"What's that, Rhododendron?"
He still loved her, probably would always love her. You just didn't forget your first.
Howard felt the blood rush from his face. That explained a whole fucking lot. "Steve?"
A small blurb on the bottom right of the picture read:
"Taken care of," Rhodey shrugged, "she said she might know a way to erase his memory of this."
There was a pause, and Bruce was sure JARVIS was speaking with Thor. He set out the tea cups while he waited. Tony (and Steve just by being with Tony and getting used to it) preferred the whole spread. Trays, fancy little dishes, and that quaint China set he’d inherited from his mother. Bruce couldn't care less. He wanted his tea as quickly as possible, and
His hand opens and closes. Opens and closes. He reaches around the blankets, searching for softness, but there is none. He lets his head fall to the side, looking out the window. It's nighttime, and he can just make out the moon in between buildings. His eyes fall shut.
Tony doesn't speak again until Natasha comes to pick up Steve the next day. And even then, it's only a soft, "I'm sorry," as Nat helps move him to the wheelchair.
He mumbles, his hands searching. "No."
"Hey! No stealing my boyfriend away with pancakes!"
"Oh my God! Clint! Hi! Clint! It's my mom's birthday, can you sing to her?"
"Hello, Mr. Stark. My apologies for not speaking with you earlier." Howard's eyes went wide as JARVIS kept talking. "It was never explicitly said that I should not converse with you, but the general consensus seemed to be that I should, as the saying goes, keep my trap shut."
"Disappointed, but that helps. Let's get some food; I'm starving like Marvin!"
It echoed through the room, washing over the guests and leaving them smiling and nodding, appreciative.
He was in his bed, holding steady to his promise to Steve, and kicked the blankets off in celebration. "Jarvis! New story!"
There really were two Howards, and the one next to Tony
Steve blinked as Tony's voice faded out at the end of the verse, and he folded the worn dogear of the page back down to where Steve had it. Gently closing the book, he looked up at Steve, his eyes open and wide and bright with unshed tears that Steve hadn't realized had gathered until then. "Rhodey helped me see some things. And I spent the whole way back planning on what I would say to you. But then you quoted Frost, and it kinda threw a wrench in my plans."
Tony was about to answer when Steve crooked his fingers up and his back arched, a loud moan spilling out of him.
done her research. She knew that aside from a few other celebrity friends, they kept to themselves. Built a wall around their own little world and the tiny empire they established. Only encompassing what they trusted. Adult fangirls. The occasional fan
last night!"
That takes Tony a moment to process. "There's an angels only resort?"
around them in circles. He grinned at Tony. "Again? For science?"
Nodding, Bruce continued, "Almost done. I'm giving you the abridged version here. Howard's willingness to sacrifice himself to save his son is what finally endeared him to Steve. All of us, really. Which would be fine and dandy if Tony hadn't locked himself in his suite as soon as we returned. So he
"Do it harder." Thor demanded, his cock, and fuck it was large, was leaking precome, a few drops hitting Tony's rear. Steve leaned down to lick them up. "I want you to slam into him so hard he cannot handle it."
He latched onto Tony's neck, sucking the skin, moving his body so the thrusts were deep, his hands moving to cup Tony's face, so pressed against him they felt like one person.
Hill nodded yes, her face solemn. "We've seen this before. One time. Our research lasted years."
"I probably should," Tony grumbled, "that would be the responsible thing to do." Steve nudged him up and he reluctantly left his human bed. "Shall we venture out in search of sustenance?"
"Sir, Captain Rogers had reached the common rooms."
Tony gave him a look that clearly said,
I just want to say that Cara is a dedication to all us fangirls out there, myself included! WE ROCK!
the guy. He's a bit over the top, and
Steve laid another smack on Tony's rear, the crack echoing throughout the room. "Why? We have things to discuss."
That was the only logical reason for the rushing sounds in Howard's ears. It had to be.
you call it, Anthony?"
"So we declare him alive?"
"That's gotta be it." Bruce answered. "Steve, we think Tony might have celiac disease."
"I like both. I'm gay. A poofter, whatever you called in back in the sixties." Tony's feet moved, stepping backwards and into the kitchen. He was proud, but he was still retreating. Howard remained frozen, unable to act or breathe. Tony was gay?
But then Tony had told him about their first meetings. What Steve had said to him. And, damn, if that glass hadn't shattered loudly.
"It's not." Sobering a little, Tony turned to look at each of them, then finally at Steve. "Thank you, guys, seriously. You probably saved my life."
Romanoff squawked as he hoisted her over his shoulder, the knife coming dangerously close to his ear. "Peace, Natasha! What is the meaning of this?"
Pulling off Tony's opening, Steve moved up and, in one fluid motion, took Tony's entire length into his mouth. He had learned many things while in college, and deep throating was one of them. Tony's body folded in, his legs slipping off the arms of the chair and falling to Steve's shoulders, as his body curved around Steve.
It was just another missing piece to his own puzzle.
He yearned for a drink. Scotch. Bourbon. Hell, even a beer.
Steve hid his behind his beer. "This has been discussed at length, Tony hasn't had virtue in at least 30 years."
replied: Oh, bathtub sex! The tub in Tony's penthouse is big enough too!
Shaking his head, Steve turned back to the stove. "If I join you, we'll get nothing done today."
Spent, Clint dropped to his knees to continue watching the show.
The smile died on Rhodey's face as he traded a concerned glance with Steve. "It's me!" He called back, walking to the doorway of the galley-styled kitchen and leaning in.
Bruce let one corner of his lips lift in a sympathetic half-smile, "Can't explain everything Tony. You and I both know that. Even in science, sometimes there are no answers."
"Where are we parking the armor?"
He looked at her blankly. "This is news...How?"
At first, Rhodey worried that Tony had taken his stress out on the polishing, but the apartment just hadn't been lived in since it was last professionally cleaned. There was Malibu. And there was Tony after. Deep into darkness and only concerned with his bed.
Natasha was a spy, she prided herself on noticing things about people. Maybe she didn't know all the details, but she knew Howard was an awful father. She could easily pinpoint the neglect, and there was evidence of physical abuse, but without hearing from Tony himself, she could never know the full extent.
They were independent. Jaded. Hurt so badly by the industry they loved that they just… took it all upon themselves; they had each other's backs. No one else's.
She grinned. "If the rest of the world figures out about your sweet tooth, you're screwed. You know that, right?"
It was Bruce who helped him. He stood and walked over to Tony, wrapping the man in a comforting hug. "You got this."
"I'll see you two kiddies later." Another peck of their lips and Tony was gone, jogging out the door and to the elevator.
Steve didn't care. He ripped Tony's shirt from the waistband to his--he was sure equally expensive--trousers and pulled down his suspenders. "Too many layers!" He complained. Tony laughed and took over, expertly unbuttoning his bottoms and shirt and letting everything fall to a pile on the floor. He stood in front of Steve, in nothing but a peach colored pair of boxers, something Steve had heard of, but didn't know of any men who wore them.
"That's because it is. Why are you here?"
"Howard," Steve warned.
conspiring against me?" Tony called out as he stalked past them, brandishing the forks in one hand as a culinary weapon. "I won't stand for this!"
son is a certified genius!"
just going to mess them up again...He pulled a random flat sheet from the linen closet and tossed it onto the chair. He'd worry about that later.
Or maybe one day they'd wake up and there'd be no trace of him. No memory of the exuberant little genius.
"Then trust us as well." Steve said, pulling Tony's body against his, "trust this." He put one hand over his own heart, and the other over Tony's.
"So, you got a stomach bug?" But a stomach bug wouldn't explain the weight loss. Pepper probably knew Tony better than even Steve did. He'd talk when he was ready, so she allowed him his excuse. "Okay, you can miss this meeting, but I need you at the next one, Tony." She darted her eyes towards Steve, a silent promise that she wouldn't make Tony do anything if he was still this sick. It was always better to give Tony a goal.
"Tony, I know you."
It's not that Tony stops listening. On the contrary, he's extremely interested, but he's had a long day. Dying takes a lot out of you, and Coulson's voice is as steady and soothing as a metronome. His eyes slip closed, and as Coulson describes the feeling of having wings for the first time, Tony falls asleep.
"Okay, Taylor."
, she tried to remind herself.
Picking up a spoon and inching toward the mashed potatoes, Tony attempted to covertly steal a taste. Steve let him. "What would you do without me?"
"We wanted to, angel."
on dry cleaning."
"So ya understand. He was despicable. Now I done a lot to get where I is, and that's between me and the Lord, but I ain't
. He wasn't even omitting. They had just assumed he said all he knew. And maybe he was silently encouraging them to continue to believe that. Especially now that he knew Tony was his son and exactly what he did to him. It was imperative he have all the time he could get to repair that relationship. Just in case.
replied: Nothing! Tony likes pizza!
"They think," he gestured to Steve but meant all of the Avengers, "that I have celiac disease."
That gave Howard reason to pause. And… what exactly? The best kind of people were nuts, weren't they? It was something he had prided
"Don't throw your back out, Tony!" cackled Clint, covering his eyes.
He didn't think so. But Steve knew beyond anything else that he would do whatever it took to make Tony happy.
"Yeah, but I didn't think he'd be all...You know. Thor...ey."
Snickering, Natasha made her way back into the center of the living room, "I'll text Steve to see if he and Tony will be joining us."
"Mother fucker!"
Loki. And his father, Odin. He had witnessed first-hand the damage a parent could inflict, whether intentional or not.
"You brought him down here?! Why?" Tony snapped, flipping his shirt over his head and grabbing his pants.
spell and told him she was pregnant, he would have dropped everything to care for her. The best doctors, the best midwife, whatever she wanted. He would have started to carve out a gigantic place for both of them in his life. Did the child want to go into scientific development like he did? Bam! Money aside for that. Was he more artistically inclined? Juilliard could use some renovations or a new building named after him. Law? Sure! A Stark as a lawyer would have been a formidable force in the courtroom. Hell, the unborn baby could have decided to be a garbage man, and Howard would have bought the entire company for him.
Tapping a small curricular picture that looked like a camera lens, he laughed again when the screen changed to show
Which left Natasha and Clint with nothing better to do than to drink and eat pizza with a rapidly intoxicated Howard Stark. Which meant - because of course it did - that Clint had to keep up, shot for shot. And Natasha got to be the reluctant babysitter.
"Shit, I want you to fuck me so badly." He closed his eyes, picturing Steve above him as he teased his opening. "Fuck. I love you." And grappled for his phone, needing to read, to experience what he had wanted for so long.
"Off limits." He jerked his head, gesturing to Howard's bruised cheek. "How's your face?" It was said with mock sympathy, and Howard winced again.
"Don't dodge the question!"
That was Steve's cue. If Tony was pulling at the skin around his nails, it meant his anxiety was up higher than he could hide. He'd need both of them now.
"Gang’s all here!" Natasha called out from the kitchen where Clint and Bruce waited. Thor looked sheepish behind Tony.
"God, you're so cheesy," Tony grumbled, blindly searching through the nightstand for the lube.
"You don't have a choice, Howard! Just think about how you're
Tony cracked an eye open, "All right then, keep your secrets."
Steve's grin widened. He loved Tony like this. And he was going to wait as long as he could before letting Tony climax, because it would be explosive, earth shattering, it would send Tony to the stars and back.
She smirked. "I know."
Howard's breath hitched.
Tony put down the phone for a minute, needing to catch up and stretch himself enough to get the dildo inside himself.
"The you that was left behind," Fury's hand was warm on Howard's shoulder; Howard didn't remember him even moving to place it there, "being only a shadow of who you are, is the one who hurt his child. He had no positivity left. But -- and I am sorry to say this -- you're not off the hook. Had you never time traveled, you would have been a whole person."
Tony was missing him already.
He receives a sheepish smile from Steve. "Thanks for getting the food, Clint."
"No."
(See the end of the chapter for
That would be counterproductive.
Clint threw his arms out and screamed to the sky. "For science!"
"I'll do that, thank you."
"I do not pretend to know what it is that goes on in the minds of my mortal friends. I am but a fallible being myself, if my own troubles can demonstrate anything. But I know their hearts as I know a brother's." He paused, allowing his words to reach Howard. "I do not believe Steve hates you, as you've said. But perhaps he fears you. Fears what you become and what you will do to his beloved. Tell me, Howard Stark, at this moment do you wish to harm your child?"
Howard didn't know. How could he? He was a product of his time. Maybe,
on. Steve wasn't any different because his team was a tad off-kilter. It was because of something
The woman shook her head, "Not necessarily. I'm a nutritionist, so I have some experience here. What did he eat to make him sick?"
His carefully crafted persona was crumbling, all because of one asshole and three pricks with cellphones. Tony hated the idea of anyone not within his circle knowing how fucked up he truly was.
"I got leeks last time and added them."
"Just hold me, please?"
Steve slid his hands up Tony's back and neck, up along his scalp, gripping his hair and pulling hard, forcing Tony back onto his dick. "My little slut, my perfect little whore."
Nodding, Natasha handed him a plate to serve himself. "Whatever you want. Doesn't have to be comedy. I guarantee we have it." Howard gave her a tentative smile and picked up a hot dog.
Clint swallowed and opened up one arm to her, an invitation for physical comfort that she took readily. He pulled her in close, kissing the top of her head. "We're not going to lose 'em." As usual, he was able to hone in on exactly what was bothering her -- that it wasn't just Tony, but the possibility of losing Steve as well, probably from sheer heartbreak if Tony vanishing didn't go unnoticed. "We'll figure something out," he whispered into her ear, his other arm coming up to complete the hug. "They're not escaping us that easily."
"Oho! Who's the man with a plan now!?" Running ahead, Clint opened the door, sweeping his arms in a grand movement for Steve to walk in. "Watch his head, Steve-o! That's a billion dollar brain in there!"
"We should inform SHIELD. If only to-" Biting his lip, he looked up at Steve sheepishly, "they may have someone Tony could talk to. Someone he can actually tell that his dead father traveled through time. I mean, this can't be good for his mental health."
Steve felt the passage of time slowly, even if he didn't comprehend it. He could see the minute hand of the clock on the wall making its way around and around, but each tick of each second, of each minute meant nothing to him.
Clint was tugging out giant jugs of Arizona Iced Tea from the fridge. "Should we make something else to go with the hot dogs?"
The little rectangle wasn't an electronic file at all! It was a camera!
He's on his third mug full when the elevator dings. Bruce is still talking quietly to Natasha, but he tuned them out some time ago. He hopes it's Thor. Even Clint. But Thor… Thor gives the best hugs, and he could really use one right about now.
Steve had half a mind to gather them all up and burn them. Not a single one had anything right. And the one about it destroying the team? If anything, it had brought them closer together, rallying around Tony.
That put a hop on Tony's step. "Happy! Why didn't you say so?!"
"There's this lovely invention: Viagra. Bob Dole swears by it."
Tony laughed. It was quiet, and not his usual robust and hearty bark, but it was real. That set Rhodey at ease. "You'll put the kettle on?" He lifted his head from Rhodey's shoulder to stare at him. "What are you? British? Are you Captain United Kingdom now?"
Leaning up onto his knees so he could watch his cock stretch and disappear into Tony's tight hole, Steve's fingers spread Tony's ass. He wanted to watch. Wanted to see his cock pulse through his orgasm and pump Tony full until it leaked out. He traced his index finger around the taut rim, smearing his milky precome up and down Tony's crevice.
He blinks, and she's gone. The room is empty, the light across the floor shifted to the other side. The fuzziness is gone, and the room around him is pulled into sharp focus. He swallows, his tongue dry and swollen in his mouth.
As the tower came into view, the War Machine's HUD flashed up that Dr. Banner was waiting for him on the landing pad. Rhodey took a deep breath and closed his eyes. That never boded well for him. He landed, and as the suit disassembled around him, Bruce jogged up.
Steve's.
"Aww, man!"
Steve gestured to the couch in the corner. "Want to sit?"
kotenok?"
"So… adorable…!"
Shaking his head, Tony doesn't answer. He physically can't; it's too overwhelming to think of the job he now has, and the mere thought of doing it without Rhodey is heart-wrenching. "I thought you were dead. I thought they killed you," he's finally able to say.
"There's a gay joke in there, isn't there?" Tony snorted, wrapping his arm around Steve's, trying to anchor him to the couch where they were sitting.
The words were starting to catch up with Howard. "Him?" he asked, his eyebrows furrowed as he worked through the conversation like a particularly complicated puzzle.
