“Damn right,” Sam said.  He wrapped an arm around Steve's shoulders.  “C'mon.  Let's go and do this thing.  I want to impress Abby with my new moves.”
DJ raised a hand, slashing it through the air, and the schematic shattered.  “This.  We can break.”
“Rogers,” Phil said, and Clint had known that was coming and yet, he wasn’t prepared for it, not at all.
No one stopped him as Harris cut through the crowd, at something just under a sprint.  No one tried to slow him down.  No one so much as gave him as much of a second glance.  Even when he walked up to the information booth, reached in, and snagged the three ring binder from the desk, without missing a step.  The staffer looked up, surprise washing over his face, and Harris said, “I need this,” and simply walked off.
A soft, almost inaudible sound brought his head up. For a second, he didn't understand. Or maybe he just didn't want to.
“And here I thought you’d been assigned to me for the duration,” Tony said.
The burst of laughter echoed up from the great hall, loud and long, undercut by the pounding of feet on the stairs and along the hall at a rapid pace.  "Jarvis, my friend!  How cruel, I come here, and there is no one!  What am I to think, other than you have left the house deserted?"
The thing landed on Tony's desk with a thump, making Tony jump.  "Wonderful," he said, trying to figure out where its eyes were.  Or if it had eyes.  "What're the odds that it's infecting my office with fleas right this moment?"
Bucky wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.  “See, the way I see it?  You've got two options.”
Tony took it.  “So, really.  You can’t think of any way that the cover story you’ve just set up has the potential to blow up in your face?”
"And you seem like a master of diplomacy," Duck said. He flicked a hand at the other chair. "Sit, Ning." Ellen considered arguing. Or running. Duck turned to look at her, giving her the full force of his gaze. "Ning. Sit down." It was calm. It was almost gentle. She wasn't sure why, but she found that more terrifying than if he was yelling.
Steve stopped, looking back over his shoulder as Greer came loping up the hallway behind them.  Despite it being mid-winter, she was clad in a pair of black shorts and a gauzy, soft-looking shirt that threatened to slip down her shoulder with every step.  Intellectually, he knew that her fur kept her warm, even in much colder temps, but he always had to resist offering to find her a sweater.  “Everything okay?” he asked as she came to a skipping halt next to them.
"Bolsheviks."
“I’m…  Good, thanks,” Tony said.  He leaned against the table next to Steve, smiling down at him.  “What’s the verdict, Cap?”
Trip grinned at him.  “But honestly, it recognizes and honors the purity and perfection of your friendship, mostly with a lot of junk Latin phrases and really fancy fonts.” She reached for a desk drawer.  “Honestly, most people go for the photos more than the certificates, but feel free to review the goods.”
“Making s’mores on the gas range in your kitchen,” she said.
The greenhouse was full of shadows, the moonlight cut to pieces by the heavy foliage.  Steve squinted, trying to see through the darkness, but Bobbi just slipped forward, disappearing between the rows of tables in an instant.  He gritted his teeth, ducking under the trailing leaves, trying his best to shake the feeling that he was walking into his second trap of the night.
Not that either of the people she was observing cared about her presence.  Steve and Tony were locked in an argument at the base of the stairs, their voices rising and falling in sharp bursts.  Steve was canted forward, his shoulders a hard line, his spine painfully straight.  Every so often, he ran a hand through his hair, the movement sharp and frustrated, like he needed to move, and had no other outlet.
“You’re not the only one.  So you can go, but either you’re coming back to the house-”
He stopped dead, just inside the door.   The couch was empty, the blankets trailing across the floor.  “Tony?” Steve shoved the door closed with a foot.  He glanced at the bathroom, but the door was open.  “Tony?”
"No, sir, I'm your state assigned guard."  Rogers leaned a palm on the edge of the workbench, the muscles of his arm bunching beneath the thin fabric of his shirt.  "My job, so my Captain tells me, is to keep any harm from coming to you."
“She is,” Darcy said, her voice dire.  “She is…  She is brutal at Mario Kart.  It is unfortunate.”
“Yours tastes better,” Tony said, popping it into his mouth with a smirk.  Steve held the salad out to him, an affectionate smile on his face, and Tony took it.  “We going to make this a thing?”
“Wow,” Pepper said.
“Sounds like me,” Tony admitted, ignoring the way that Rhodey was laughing, trying to muffle it behind his hand.  Tony slumped back into his chair, wincing as his shoulder objected.  He rubbed at it.  “That explains the bandage.”
"Everyone RSVP?" Tony asked.  He picked up a piece of silverware from a nearby table, turning it over between his fingers.
The warning was very clear in his voice, and the boy held up both his hands. "I think I hear one of the little ones callin' me," he said, his eyes dancing. He gave Pepper a wink and a cheeky grin, and took a couple of hopping steps backwards. "Still your humble servant, Miss Potts, you need anything, you talk to me first, understand?"
Harris pulled Darcy’s hair away from her face, smiling down at her.  “How long have you been awake?” he asked, his voice amused, and DJ slipped out of the room.
“And it is a thing of beauty,” Victor agreed, his lips curling against the rim of his glass.
“I know,” Peter said, rocking forward on his stool.  He shifted his notebook a little closer to his bowl, scowling down at the lines of text there.  “Trust me, I know, but know what else is important?”  He gave Bruce a flat look.  “My grade on this test.”
DJ considered that.  “Brilliant,” he said at last, the word reverent.
Steve winced, trying not to think about the last time he'd done laundry.  “No, his place is closer, and I'm sure he'll be more comfortable there.”
“Jarvis, do you have a needle and thread and some shears?” Miss Van Dyne asked, ignoring him with a great deal of aplomb.
“It’s magic,” Clea said, folding her arms on the edge of the workbench.  Her fingers played idly with a row of numbers, mixing them up with no regard for the mess she was making.
DJ picked up a book, smoothing the pages down.  “I don’t understand me,” he admitted.
“He's a complete tire fire of a human being, but a decent lawyer,” Jessica said.
"I'm not-" Steve tried, and Jess clapped her hands over her ears.
“Right,” Steve gritted out, giving Natasha a measuring glance.  She smiled, just a little, amusement flickering over her face.
“Never mind.” Tony dug his pencil into the page, wanting to wrap his fingers around it and stab, as if the fragile lead tip could do more than break against the wood of his desk.  As if wielding it like a knife could provide some measure of control or protection.  “Never-”
The kiss was delicate, soft, almost gentle.  But Tony was in his arms, Tony's fingers stroking the back of his neck, their bodies so close that he could feel the heat of Tony's skin through the fabric of both their suits.
“But also usually right.”  Tony cupped his cheek in one hand.  “It’s…  It’s really fucking annoying.  You know that, don’t you?  The fact that you are so...”  His mouth kicked up on one side.  “So often right.”
As usual, he became aware of the deafening silence from the other side of his prep station just a little too late.  He paused, looking up to find Pepper staring at him, her face unreadable.  He pointed at her.  “This face.  I don't like it.  It's a-”  He leaned in, his eyes narrowing.  “It looks like disapproval.”
“I would’ve said yes, but Nakia’ll take you down before you made it half a league,” he said with a grin.
Happy straightened his hat.  “I did damn well,” he said, tucking his hands in his pockets.  He rocked back and forth on his heels.  “All things considered.”
“Yeah.  Like, the wedding chapels out there.  Yeah, cause I think the only way Tony’s going to get it done is if he just does it, no planning, no guest lists, it’s-”
“She used to talk about the old things that lived in the wood, the fair folk.  The old ones.  And they'd take those who were caught alone, or unaware.  They'd take children from their cradles, or travelers from the road.  Some'd be back in a few days, some in a few minutes.  Some never came back at all, but those who did...”
“Because of Steve, or because of the cat?” Tony asked, and Steve switched over to petting his hair.  Tony batted at his hand.  “If you start scratching me on the back of the neck-”
“Doesn't answer the question.”
“That's very measured of you,” Steve agreed.  “Considering that your 'resource' took definite aim against a non-combatant that was doing her best to flee, not attack.”  He stared Gyrich down, his face set in stone.  “And I'm certain that the bad PR from having us arrested in the wake of this debacle isn't something that is part of your consideration.”
“Right.”
Steve was laughing out loud now.  “So you DO have plans.”
“Bed.”  Tony slipped a hand under the waistband of Steve’s jeans.
“Looking forward to it, Miss Van Dyne.”  With a salute that didn’t seem at all mocking, Steve slipped out of the workshop, pulling the door shut firmly behind him.  A moment later, the door opened again.  Steve leaned back in.  “Next time you’re going to propose?” he said.  “Lock the door first.”
“I really didn't have a choice!” Tony said.  His head fell forward.  “And then I woke up and he was, he was-”  He sucked in a breath, trying to clear his head. “And he was right there, he was asleep, he was in my bed, and he's wearing those running shorts of his, and they're fucking indecent, Rhodes, someone's going to call the cops on him one of these days-”
“I pay more attention than you,” Val said, and it wasn't mean, the way she said it.  She didn't look at Franklin, and she didn't look at DJ, either.  She just stared at the tv, her eyes hidden behind the sweep of her lashes.  “And people don't pay attention to me the way they do you.”  She shifted her weight, leaning forward to rest her chin on her knees.  “Do you, DJ?  Have bad dreams, I mean?”
She rang him up, her long fingers working the touchscreen with practiced efficiency.  There was a small flaw to the brilliant purple polish on her pinkie finger, and DJ wondered how the chip had gotten there.  Considering the possibilities was actually pretty calming.
“I do not want to even think about how much time, money and effort it’s going to take to fix the armor,” Tony said.  He pushed his hair away from his face, and it flopped right back down over his forehead.  “Fucking Namor’s getting billed for every bit of it.”
He looked over at Rhodey.  “I’m fine.”
Happy let the two pieces clatter to the ground in front of him “Quite a show.”
“Tomorrow morning, unless Isaiah decides we’re doing a sit in when we’re done testifying,” Steve said.  He took a breath, and it didn’t hurt.  He straightened up.  “If we do, I’m going to need that bail fund of yours, Tony.”
“I was hoping so.”  She bumped her shoulder against his.  “You're going to need to trust us, Steve.  If this is going to work, if we're all going to get through this?”  She looked up at him, and they were so close that he could see the smattering of freckles that was scattered across the bridge of her nose.  “You're going to need to trust us sometimes.”
He knew she was behind him, without even looking.  "Sir?"
Steve stroked a finger over Tony’s bottom lip.  “Promise?” he asked and there was a wry note to his voice that made Tony’s chest ache.
Steve never tired of watching it.  He braced a shoulder against the doorframe, his arms crossed over his chest.  He took a deep breath.  “We’re not repeating…  What?” he asked, and Tony’s head tipped in his direction, his eyes hidden beneath the sweep of his lashes.
DJ made a face, and Tony laughed.  “Right.  Not…  Not the best time to see New York for the first time.  Everything is cold and grey, and if it’s not already dead, it’s in the process of dying, and that might actually be even more depressing.”  He shifted on the floor, his polished shoe pushing against the marble floor.  “She left a place that was vibrant and bright and warm and alive, and came to a November New York.”
Steve caught a glimpse of his reflection in the window and wondered when he’d stopped recognizing his own face.  He was numb to it now, to the split second of confusion, when he met his own eyes in the mirror.  Like someone else had taken over his life.
“Please make this stop,” Tony said, desperate now.
"Well, then, why do you ask?" Clint asked, bouncing up the stairs behind her.  He squinted across the yard, watching the cop work his way around the edge of the house.  He shook his head.  "What is he doing?"
“Look, he was only there out of misplaced loyalty and a healthy fear of Pepper,” Tony said.  She just stared at him, and he held up his hands.  “Fine.  Fine.  No minors.”  He tried to fold his arms and flinched as his shoulder pulled against the gauze.  “I’m never drinking again, anyway.”
“Does no one say weird stuff to you?” Clint asked Peter, who was now hanging upside down from the ceiling.
“You keep telling yourself that,” Tony told her as Jess peeked around her shoulder.  “Morning, Drew.”
That startled a laugh out of him, sudden and real, before he clapped a hand over his mouth to muffle it.  Tony grinned at him, warmth blooming in his chest.  “See, Rogers?  We can be friends.  Humor me.”
Ignoring his misgivings, Steve reached for the door.  A bell rang as he pushed it open, but it was almost drowned out by the creaking of the hinges.  Steve stepped inside, letting it swing shut behind him.  “Hello?” he asked, dusting his hand off on his hip.  The doorknob had been even dirtier than he’d thought it would be.  “Are you open?”
There was a beat of silence, and then a soft sigh.  Tony didn’t bother to look up, keeping his focus on his schematics.  Jarvis crossed the office, collecting Tony’s empty coffee cup and setting down a full one.  “Rhodey is driving Officer Rogers back to his flat now,” he said.
The camera shutter clicked, and Steve snapped.  “Merry Christmas,” he said, half throwing the pot into her hands.
It hurt, an ache that settled low in his chest, and his shoulders hunched.  “Relieved,” he said, and he it caught him off guard.  He looked up, surprise sweeping over him, and something like peace settling over him in its wake.  “Relieved,” he repeated.
Steve nodded. “Right,” he said, giving his shoelaces a quick tug.  “Maybe a long sleeve shirt, then.”
“Stay out,” she said, “before the boss has us both out in the street.”
“I apologize for speaking out of turn,” Jarvis said, his voice coming from a speaker in the ceiling. “But yes. You have returned safely to Avengers tower. It is nearly eight pm.”
Pepper leaned over him, just far enough so she could run a hand over his hair, pushing it away from his face and then smoothing it back down.  “Sorry,” she said, with a smile.  “We’re working with a very tight schedule, and I’m afraid that there’s no way I can work that in, Mr. Stark.”
Slowly, Hammer pulled out the pistol, holding it with two fingers, and setting it carefully on the desktop.  Steve picked it up, checking it.  Fully loaded.  He looked back at Hammer.  “If DJ comes back here, you-”
Steve looked from her, to the departing car, and back.  “Are you-  And-” He gestured awkwardly after Bobbi.
Tony’s lips twitched.  “That explains so much about the nocturnal movements of this household,” he said.  His hand hovered over the pieces. “Perhaps we just need new mattresses.”
“Okay so it’s usually looks like a fight to the untrained observer, and you’re clearly in that boat, so we’ll leave that alone for now,” Tony said.  “Every time we fight about stuff, DJ, the purpose is to-  To be heard, to be understood.  In the end, it’s a negotiation.”
“I’ve got a bed for you in the barracks if you’ve really got a problem,” Sam said with a bright smile.
Every single woman raised her hand.  Jan raised both, waving them wildly over her head.  Clint just laughed, and Luke shook his head.  “All the damn time.”
“That’s what Strange thinks,” Steve said, his fingers braced on the edge of Tony’s workbench.  He leaned into his hands, letting his head fall forward.  His shoulders ached, and he tried to work some of the tension out of them.
“'Marks' Standard Handbook for Mechanical Engineers,'” Tony said without missing a beat.  Steve stared at him.  Tony grinned.  “It's a classic,” he explained.
“I'm not spending all day standing here, waiting for you to pry half an ounce of paint from a hundred different empty paint tubes,” she said, her voice dire.  “Pack something else.”
Pepper's new friend looked back at her with a grin. “Be careful, Miss.  Ol' man Hammer'd steal the last coin from his mother's purse, an' not miss a bit of sleep over it.”  He tugged on his ear, his gaze sharp.  “But you didn't hear it from me.”
“You're not allowed to bring the suit.”
For a while, they just played, with Tony trying to coax DJ into making a good move.  He failed more than he succeeded, but he just kept trying.  “What’s our move?” Tony asked, and DJ just twisted around with a yawn, burying his face in Tony’s chest.  Tony tipped his head to the side.  “General?”
One of the Stranges nodded. “The seal is broken.”
Steve blinked at him.  “What?”
“You're still talking?” DJ asked. He stopped, trying again.  “To them?”
DJ frowned at it.  “No,” he told the book, trying to sound stern.  He took a deep breath.  “Turn.”
“I regret it more than you, it's such fun watching you give cooking lessons to the chef in French,” Stark said.  He gave the pool a wistful look.  “I don't suppose I could convince you to combine business and pleasure?”
"What is this, a press release?" Rhodey said, and Steve choked on a laugh.  Stark gave him a look, and Steve coughed into his fist, trying to pretend that he was still focused on his book.  He didn't think Stark was falling for it, but it was worth a try.
Franklin frowned.  “Like, outside, or in the building, or-”
Steve nodded.  “Thank you, Mr. Stark.”
There was a beat of pause.  “Are we having this conversation in Spanish, Italian or English?”
“I accept this plan,” Tony agreed, languid. He opened one eye, his lips curling up as he watched Steve fumble on his pants.  “Do you feel like a real American now?  Having had a sexual encounter in the backseat of a car?”
“I’ll just have a cup of water,” Shawn said, snagging an empty chair from a nearby table and dragging it over.  “I can-”
“It looks pretty bad,” Rhodey said.
“Fucking Namor,” Tony muttered, and Steve could only nod.
But when Tony stood up, picking his way quietly to the door of the lounge, Steve stood up as well.
Tony’s jaw flexed.  “He’ll be home-”  He stopped. “He’ll be back soon,” he amended.  “He had to stay behind and deal with the man who tried to hurt us.”  DJ blinked at him, his face unreadable, and Tony tried to smile.  “But he’ll be back soon.  He knows you’re here.  And he’ll worry.”
Steve looked down, and then back up. "We make it a nation of lasts."
“Right,” Tony said, his voice brusque, and Steve pushed away from the workbench.
Happy shrugged.  “Don’t know, to be honest.  But he’s scared of something.  Something he thinks the wards’ll keep out.  But that means, he doesn’t want to hire help for the harvest.  And despite all of Tony’s advances, I can’t do it by myself.”  He looked at Tony.  “The irrigation-”
“Stop encouraging her,” Tony called, and, laughing, Steve pulled the door shut again.  Tony realized he was smiling at the door like a lovesick idiot and gave his head a sharp shake.  “Anyway.  Let’s-”
“I am confident that the upholstery is salvageable.” Jarvis busied himself with folding the blankets down.  “You’ve done worse.”
“Oh, I would like to,” Jan said, making a face.  She slid off of Tony's desk, swinging the end of her tape measure like a feather boa.  “But Hank's expecting me.”
"Okay," Steve said, because Tony seemed to be waiting for a response.  "Why would we be in the-"
“Why are we spitting?” Tony asked, his fingers dancing over the surface of his tablet.
“Can't I just go to bed without dinner?” Peter asked, his voice faint.
Tony grinned at him.  “Nope, I tagged along when Rhodey got an invitation.  If you're paying, you can be as much of an asshole as you'd like.”
Tony grabbed Clint’s shoulder.  “Where’s DJ?”
“He can,” both Stranges said.
“And I’ll still be married before you,” DJ said.
“No,” Tony said.  He realized he was fussing with his hair, and forced his hand back to his side.  Clint was smiling at him, and Tony considered flipping him off.  “We’re not going anywhere.”
Tony wrapped an arm around Peter’s shoulders.  “It absolutely was,” he said.  “Rhodes.  Lead on.”  He felt a laugh bubbling up in his chest.  “The night’s short and-” He plucked the fifty out of Peter’s hand.  “Parker’s buying.“
That was right.
Steve looked up.  “I imagine so, and a crying shame it is, too,” he said.  He smiled, just a little.  “You shouldn't have to pretend here.  This-”  He waved a hand at the room. “This is your home, isn't it?  I'm the interloper.”  He shook his head.  “No point in pretending for me.”
"Then best you sit down and clear some space on your plate for it," May said, her voice tart.  She filled a plate with three huge pieces of chicken, pushing it into Steve's hands.  "Would you like a sandwich?  We have tuna, chicken, egg salad, cucumber-"
“I took it out.  Clint-”
“I need everyone here to stop interfering with my assistant,” Tony said.  He stood up.  “I’m…  Just going to go…  Do something.”
“Oh.” Tony straightened his shirt, looking down at the street below them.  “I mean, technically I did, but it was a controlled sort of fall.”
“I’d say about sixty percent,” Steve said.  “Maybe seventy.”
“Are they having a party and they decided not to invite me?” Tony asked, trying to make it sound sarcastic, but it just come out a bit hurt.  He headed for the door.  “What, do I smell bad or something?”
"But I don't need-"
“Let me explain something here, neither of those numbers is comforting,” Tony said.  “Who are you calling?”
Tony kicked the chair next to him away from the table.  “Steve.  Sit down.”  Steve took the chair, sinking down next to him.  When they were on the same level, Tony's head tipped in his direction, his lips twitching.  “If I didn't want this, I would've told Jan no.”
Strange floated down to the ground, his cape settling with a disgruntled rustle of velvet.  “Clea, is it Wednesday?” he called over his shoulder.
"He's going to fire me," Peter said.  He didn't sound especially bothered by that.
“Because I don’t want to leave,” Darcy agreed.
Steve grabbed Tony’s arm.  “Faster for us to get out if she drives,” he said.  To Billy, he said, “Run.”  Billy took off, and Steve got the back door of the car open.  “Nat?”
“I’ll go left,” Steve said, and he was grinning.
Tony realized he’d grabbed the front of Steve’s shirt at some point, even though he didn’t know when, and he couldn’t manage to let go.  He wanted to cling, to hold on with all his strength.  “This is my fault,” he said, his voice shaking.  “If anything happens to him, to you-”
He leaned over, kissing her hair, her temple. “Maybe more than a little.” He let his cheek rest on her hair, looking out over the city. “Thanks.” He exhaled. “For staying.”
“Of course your first, kneejerk response is to protect Franklin.  I mean-”  He shrugged.  “I think that would be your first reaction no matter what the threat is.  It's just harder here, because he is more at risk than the average child.”
“How do you lie with a straight face like that?” Tony asked him
Tony twisted around in his chair, his coffee cup halfway to his mouth, and froze, his stomach icing over in the space of a single breath..
“Your future in corporate espionage is likely to be short if you decide to be honest about it,” he pointed out as DJ scrambled up onto a stool.  Tony reached out with an easy hand to steady him, not that DJ appeared to need it.  But the instinct was too strong to ignore.   “But you’re cute.  You might be able to get away with it.”
Steve stood there, an empty cup dangling from one hand.  “You really believe that, don’t you?” he asked, his voice quiet.
“If you design it properly,” Okoye mused, a piece of fruit impaled on the tip of her knife, “you could send them flying right past the windows of-”
“You know the rules, but you are pretty selective about following them,” Steve said.  He gave Clint a look out of the corner of his eye.  “Star Wars?”
“Teach me your ways,” Tony said.
“Not quite,” Tony said, just before the ceiling above them opened up.  “Watch your head, we've got to clear this mess.”
“Right, we’ll see how you feel when we’re making a frozen pizza tomorrow,” he said, washing his hands.
“Then I call dibs.  They’re mine now.”  Clint grabbed a gallon of milk, a pack of string cheese, a salami, and a bag of baby carrots.  “In fact, I’m calling dibs now.  In case this becomes less hypothetical in the near future.  If I open this fridge, and there’s egg rolls-”  He met their eyes, one after another, and tucked a carrot between his teeth like a cigarette.  “Dibs.”
Warmth flooded through him, and Tony felt some of the tension go out of his shoulders.  “I think that's your choice,” he said.  To the clerk, he said, “We'll take it.”
“Are you happy?” Sam asked, and Steve fell silent.  Sam smiled, his eyebrows arching.  “Steve.  Are you happy with how things are right now?”
Well I finished it before the end of January.  I'll..  I'll take that at this point.
“I think you’ve found the one thing in the house that neither of you could damage, even if you tried,” he said.  He braced his arm on the back of DJ’s chair, smiling down at him.  “Are you going to beat him?”  DJ nodded.  “Good. Confidence is good.”
“But we can't fight it, either,” Tony said.  “He was legally in charge at the time.  And unless we want to undo SHIELD's hard work and admit just what happened to him, we've got no leg to stand on.”  His eyes slid in her direction.  “Check with legal.  Just in case.”
Drew nodded, a slow, deliberate movement of his head.  “He’s…  Tony Stark’s kid,” he repeated, his voice disbelieving.
Rogers nodded. “As it turns out, I'm here to cut a deal.”
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis said.
“Uh,” Bruce said, and there was a thump from under the table.  Bruce stopped.  “What…  Was that?”
"It's shit," the officer said, glee coloring the words.  He tapped the end of his pen against the cup.  "Tea.  Much better."
That won him a smile.  Mickey mumbled a street, between bites of rice and sausage, and Steve leaned back in his seat, relief flooding over him.  “That makes it easy,” he said.  There was a small notebook on the counter, a pencil tied to the spine.  Steve scribbled a quick note, and ripped it out, folding it in quarters.  “Give this to your ma.”  He handed it over.  “Tell her to go down to the precinct on down by the old bank building.  She needs to ask for Sgt. Dionne, and give him that note.”
Tony’s eyes fluttered shut, just for an instant, turning his face into Steve’s palm.  He pressed a kiss there, making Steve’s fingers twitch.  “Well, it’s difficult to blame you.”  His eyes opened, meeting Steve’s.  “You were going to keep him, weren’t you?”
“Right, that’s a terrifying thought,” Tony said.  He rubbed a hand over his face.  “I don’t-”
"I like getting expert advice," Steve said. To Morrison, he said, "It was a shock. It caught me off guard. One of my teammates asked me, if it hadn't happened before. And the truth was, it hadn't." He paused. "Since the serum."
"Right, I got that, but-" Steve shook his head.  "By that logic, if I was named Earl, our portmondeau would be Tea."
The tip of the knife slid under the skin of the apple.  “Beside my husband’s grave.”
“Consider it a side hustle,” Pepper said.  “Fifty dollars cash now, fifty more if you get him back to his apartment tonight without he or Rhodey causing any major disasters.”
“Uh-huh.” Sam jogged in silence for a few seconds.  “What color was her hair, Steve?”
Jan waved her off.  “I know the way.  And I promise not to sneak any of Tony's baubles into my purse on the way out.”
“I’m sure that the steady diet of praise and pastries he’s getting from Mrs. Parker and the chef makes it a bit more palatable,” Rhodey mused, paging through a massive book.
Tony tried not to smile.  “We take our breakfast in the dining room, DJ.”
Steve moved up next to him, and Bruce retreated to a nearby seat.  Tony, seated on a bench across the way, ignored them both.  A handful of pieces of the armor were scattered on the bench next to him, and his head was bent over the tablet in his hands.  His hair was damp, water beading on the dark strands, and his face was pale.  The undersuit still looked wet, and a towel was tossed on the floor nearby. It didn’t look like it had been used much.
“Stane’s down in the subbasement, with Bruce keeping an eye on him, and our firebug’s tied up in one of the work sheds,” Clint said.  “Bobbi seems to think she can get him to talk.”
“It would explain how he slipped away without any of them seeing,” Strange said.  “DJ wouldn’t be capable of something like that, it’s too complex to confuse this many people, but someone else-”
“Thank you,” Steve said, with all due gravity.  He pulled another Coke out of his pocket, balancing it on his knee.  “That might be the food.”
Mickey studied the page.  “What’s that gonna do?”
“Since when are you a bad influence?” Tony asked, his voice flat, but he handed over the coffee cup.
“Vintage porn,” Tony said, thumbing through it.  “I feel like I'm learning something about your tastes in men as well as literature.”  He grinned.  “Can I seduce you by reading Whitman?”
Tony waved him off.  “I’m fine.  Thank you.”  It was a lie, and it was obvious that Bruce knew it, but he nodded anyway.
DJ looked up as Jarvis approached, his empty plate pushed to the side, a pad of paper braced on the table in front of him instead.  “Mail?” he asked, his tone full of hope, and Tony scowled behind the shield of his paper.
"It's-  It's a joke," Tony said. Steve stared at him.  He sighed.  "Look, it's late, I'm tired, I'm banned from helping with the repairs-”
“This was your idea, wasn't it?” Tony asked.
“The proper trimming of the trees in the orchard,” Jarvis said.
“Ah, the one who brought DJ to us,” Mrs. Parker said, with a bright smile.  She was perhaps younger than her white hair would indicate, but every time she smiled, lines crinkled the corners of her eyes.  “I've heard quite a lot about you.”
“I think that’s the closest you’ve come to giving me a compliment.” Tony rocked backwards.  “Down.  Let’s get rid of that soap.”
She stared at him.  “I want that,” she said at last.  She sounded a little drunk, but people often sounded a little drunk when Steve was describing food to them.
He took a breath.  The air tasted like almonds and vanilla.  “Library,” he repeated.
“I don’t,” Steve said, loving him so much it hurt.
One eyebrow arched.  “Doesn’t everyone?”  One hand tapped on the keyboard of her computer, kept discreetly out of sight.  The other eyebrow arched.  “Ah.”  She scrolled through the list, and Tony waited, amused despite himself.  “I…”  She paused.  “How…  Dirty are you looking for?”
Tony rubbed his forehead.  "Peter..."
Ellen's fingers rattled against the edge of her laptop.  “You're a fucking coward, you know that?”
“My crush on Whitman is, sadly, going to go unrequited,” Steve said, amusement running through the words.  His fingers smoothed over Tony's hair, and Tony leaned into the contact.  “But if I end up with a time machine, you might have something to worry about, mister.”
He blinked, slow and deliberate.  “A while.”  Days.  Weeks.  His heartbeat accelerated and he made a deliberate effort to stop thinking about it.  He could do that.  He had to do that.  “It was okay.  Because I was new.  My programming was...”  He managed a smile.  “Simple.  I didn't have to think about much.  It was small, and dark, and silent.  I couldn't move, and there was nothing to...  There was nothing there.  I ran diagnostics until my battery ran out, and I...”  DJ made a face.  “Shut down.  Went to sleep.”
“I absolutely told him that,” Bobbi said.  “In short, not so polite words.  But I had him on one side of me, and Happy on the other, and Rhodey watching me in the rearview mirror with the sort of expression that made it clear that even if I did get out of the car, he’d be more than happy to back up over me.” She braced a hand on the doorframe, her thumb stroking over the silky wood.  “And where could I go, even if I got out?  My mother made it clear I wasn’t welcome in her home.  And I never had any illusions about Fisk and his people.  They wouldn’t have dropped a dime to spring me.”
Jan gaped at him.  “Well, I never,” she said, her face splitting in a broad grin.
Bucky leaned out of the kitchen, a tankard in one hand.  “Yeah?”
“This may shock you, but this car’s got a limit, and we’re at it,” Happy said.  He caught Steve’s eye, his jaw tight.  “And you know what’s not gonna get us there any faster?  If you put your fist through that glass.”
“Blue,” DJ said.
“I shut the truck up and took a nap,” Steve said.
“Look, I came into this late, but I’m going to say, ‘a lot.’” A pause.  “What do you think, Jess?  ‘A lot?’”
“What do I get?” Tony asked.
Tony paused as the rest of the team came scrambling in from all directions.  He stared up at Nat.  “Cap?  You okay?”
Tony winced.  He took a deep breath, and everything hurt.  He preferred it that way.  He could focus on the ache of his ribs, instead of the chaos in his head.   “Right,” he said.  And, since it seemed inadequate somehow, he repeated it.  “Right.”  He sat up, and this time, they helped him, Pepper piling pillows behind him.  He slumped back, exhausted.  “The car?”
DJ nodded.
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis said again.  “So you will be eating your breakfast?”
“We should bring it in here,” Darcy said.
Another beat, so predictable that it became a source of comfort.  Jarvis thinking, in his own lightning fast way, how to phrase what needed to be said.  DJ liked knowing that he wasn't the only one who struggled with words, at least sometimes.  “I have never lied to you,” Jarvis said at last.
“No,” Bruce said, making a desperate grab for DJ.  “We don't, we wait here, where it's safe, we-”
Tony's throat worked, but he couldn't quite manage the words.  Instead, he just took another sip of his coffee.
Tony shot a look in her direction.  “Were you in the same meeting that I was?” he asked.
“Maybe not,” Sam said.  He straightened up.  “But it’ll result in me getting significantly fewer texts from Tony, trying to sell me on you.”
Tony bobbled a wrench. He managed to snag it from mid-air, clutching it to his chest.  "Excuse me?" he asked, incredulous.
"The good china, or the-" Steve started, because he was a little shit.  Tony cut him off.
“How convenient.” Stark scrubbed a hand over his face.  “This is-”  He stopped, taking a deep breath.  “Right.”  He turned back around.  “Where is my-”
Steve looked at Natasha.  She gave a half shrug.  “Right,” Steve said.  “That's-”
“Were you flirting with Sam?” Steve didn’t know where the question came from, but it sure as hell sounded like his voice.
“Yeah, so, if I understand the timeline,” Harris said, “you arrived in New York, found out we weren’t IN New York, and took off on your own to find us.”
Steve met Tony’s eyes.  “You have protected him.  You know you have.  There are trusts on top of trusts that make sure he will never, ever have to worry about paying his rent or having his electricity turned off.”
Pepper smiled.  “Good.  Slow. Nice and slow.”
"I have done nothing but sleep," Tony said, and Steve pressed a kiss to his forehead.  His skin was dry and warm, but no longer painfully hot.
“I hope you’re looking forward to that.” Harris loaded his tray up with a sandwich and a cup of cut vegetables.
“Can we, can we not do that?” Bruce asked from the workshop door.  “In that I…” His head twitched from one side to the other, his expression nervous.  “I would really prefer we don’t do that.”
“What, what was in the vase?” Steve asked, his head in his hands.  That was met with silence, and he looked up to find Clint watching him, his eyes narrowed.  Steve rocked back in his chair.  “Oh, was I not supposed to figure that one out?”
Right up until the cat stepped on his face.
DJ made a face at him, and Tony rolled the chair across the room, his feet pushing comically against the floor.  “Yes, yes, your life is hard and everything's unfair.”
“Well, accordin' to Billy-”
Tony found himself smiling.  "Very, very organized chaos," he said, and DJ grinned up at him, his expression almost smug.  Tony tossed a rag over his head, and DJ giggled.  "Right.  You-" He pointed a screwdriver in DJ's direction. "Are going to be a menace with a wrench."
“Grounded,” Rogers said, holding out a hand.  Furbro made the jump to DJ's shoulder, and DJ sighed, shrugging the backpack off of his shoulders.   He held it out to Rogers, who wrapped a hand around the back of his head and pulled him in, pressing a gentle kiss to his hair.  “Thank you.”
Tony pulled his phone out of his pocket.  “Jarvis, I’m going to need you to find us somewhere to sleep tonight.  Somewhere much, much better than here.”
DJ blinked, slow and careful.  "Ours," he said.
Steve nodded.  "Want to go upstairs?  Pretty sure I can find something in the cabinets that won't kill you."
She was a teenager, maybe thirteen, maybe fifteen.  But small, and thin, her form hunched into an oversized jacket that trailed over the ends of her fingertips.  She was frozen in place, her head tipped back, her face bone white, her eyes dark holes in her skull.  Pale red hair swirled around her shoulders, the strands tangling in front of her face.
Shaking his head, Steve popped open the waffle iron.  “I'd say sorry,” he said.  “But I'm not.”
Steve’s fingers beat against the polished marble top of the counter.  “With homemade apricot jam inside,” he said, as Rhodey pulled one apart.  It ripped in half, layers of whisper thin, flakey pastry giving way to the golden yellow jam at its center.  “They should still be warm.”
Chuckling, he snagged one of the extra pillows.  “Can you sit up?  Real quick, and I can-”  He didn't even manage to finish the sentence before Steve was struggling up into a sitting position.  As quick as he could, doing his best not to disturb any of the monitors or Steve's IV, Tony slipped up to sit at the head of the bed.  He dropped the pillow in his lap and then wrapped an arm around Steve's shoulders.  “All set.  Lie back down.  Careful.”
Bruce shook his head.  “Not much.  Which isn’t unusual for that kind of a head trauma.”  He crossed his arms over his chest, then dropped them back to his sides.  “It might come back.  It might not.”
Tony was surprised to find his heart was pounding.  “How did he possibly sleep through all of us running through the grand hall?”
That much was the truth, at least.  He'd seen it in the window of the florist's shop, too big and too bright, too close to Christmas to find a buyer.  But the leaves had reminded him of Tony's armor, a sharp, candy apple red, and the big, metallic gold ribbon on the pot hadn't hurt either.  The price, even after the discount, still made him wince, but he'd been proud of his impulse buy, right up until he'd walked up to the Tower to find a lone photographer loitering on the sidewalk outside.
The light was gone, the glow was gone, the armor…
“You're all perverts,” Morrison said, stalking past them and out of the green room.
“Next day, they are back.  ‘He will not go.’”
The voice was expressionless, a flat, rumbling march of computer generated syllables.  A chill swept over Tony's skin, a physical sensation he tried not to notice.  “That sounds bad,” he said.  “I do not like the sound of-”
“No,” Steve said, but he was smiling.
Steve realized, far too late, that he was staring.  “Jacket,” he said, and the word burst out of him like an obscenity.  Tony blinked at him, and Steve shook his head, trying to get some of his blood back into it.  “My jacket, have you-  I need my wallet.”
Laughing, Tony fished a napkin out of his pocket.  “You'd think as a native New Yorker, you'd be better at eating on the move,” he said, wiping Steve's chin.
“No,” Harris repeated.  He gave a nod, his fingers flexing on the handle of the broom.  “Thanks.”  And with that, he simply swung the broom around, set the head of it against the staffer’s chest, and shoved.  The staffer yelped, more in surprise than anything else, as the chair tipped backwards.  He went over, his arms and legs flailing as he crashed to the ground.
“What happens if she does attempt to move between a plane of existence or into a new part of the timeline?” Agatha asked.
“Let's go with that, sure,” Sam said.
Tony hit the ground, the impact shuddering through him.  Hip, shoulder, elbow, heel.  He felt boneless, like a puppet with all its strings cut.  He flailed out with one hand, ignoring the spike of pain as the side of his forearm slammed against the leg of his chair.  He hissed out a curse, wishing his head would stop spinning.
"Less rabid," Tony said, and that won him another burst of laughter.  He grinned.  It felt like a win, in a way that he wasn't quite comfortable with.  But he'd take the wins he could get.  "Ready?"
“Hey, Gyrich?”  Tony tapped at the screen with a fingertip, freezing the video in place.  He stared down at the image of the robot coming in for its initial landing.  “If I find a single piece of my tech in this thing?”  He looked up, smiling his most bone chilling smile.  “I'm going to sue you back to the stone age.”
Or magic.
Tony caught it, and leaned over to press a kiss to her tight knuckles.  “Twit,” he said, grinning at her.
“Maybe,” DJ said.  “Hopefully?”
“What-  Are you having a staring contest with a cat?”
“Close, the actual answer is ‘dissuade them via any means available to you,’” Phil said.
“Yeah. We have to-” Steve rolled upwards, taking Tony with him. When he was upright, Tony in his lap, leaning against his chest, he started fumbling for whatever piece of clothing he could reach. “We can't stay in this car forever.”
“See, Steve keeps pressuring me to accept these cocktail party invitations with all the other costumed lunatics in this city, and I’ve never had a concrete reason as to why other than, you know, absolutely not wanting to bother, but now?” Tony shook his head, and tossed a fistful of goldfish into his mouth.  “Now I’ve got a reason.”
“Tough,” Clint said.  He pulled the lid off of the box, revealing a pile of tissue paper.  “This…  This is fancier than we deserve, kiddo.”  He pushed it aside, and went still.  “Huh.  That looks…”  He looked at Phil, who leaned over his shoulder.
He looked up, and Obie’s face was pale now, his lips almost white.  Tony smiled.  “I know you’re trying to protect me.  You always have.”  His head tipped to the side. “But if I catch you interfering in my household, we’re going to have words, and you will not enjoy it.”  He met Obie’s gaze straight on.  “Do we understand each other?”
Steve blinked at them.  “You're adorable,” Jan said.  She reached up, pushing the glasses higher on his face with one finger.  “It's a good shape with your face.”  She leaned back.  “I'm going to find you some better shirts, maybe a suit jacket for a dinner somewhere-”
She looked up, at the high ceiling of the lobby, with its soaring metal and glasswork.  "And that's what Mr. Stark offers.  The possibility of living a long, respected, productive life.  A life where he can help people, where he can be..."
Carol pulled up, her hands in glowing fists at her sides.  “Call it, Cap,” she said.  The wind ruffled her short blonde hair, but her gaze never wavered from the top of the warehouse.
“Not that we know of,” Steve said.
Jarvis sketched a bow.  “Very good, madam.  And may I say, we are so grateful for your help.”
“You okay?” Pepper asked, bringing his head around.  Pepper smiled at him.  “He'll be okay.”
Tony didn't miss a beat. “Well, we can ask.” He leaned back. “Happy!
“Right-O,” Happy said, still holding the door open. “I'll go straight home.” He leaned in. “Might hit traffic though. You know how New York is at this time of day.”
“I have far more experience with drinking on an empty stomach than you, and I’m too old to be dealing with this sort of nonsense.”  He pointed at Tony with the hand holding the glass, his index finger stabbing in Tony’s direction.  “I got through your entire childhood without you getting kidnapped, and thought I was past that nonsense.”
“I feel like my talents are unappreciated here,” Happy said, his hands on his hips.  “I got talents, you all gotta know that.”
“Except us,” Clint said, chewing on the corn dog.  He looked at Tony, who had abandoned his pie, his attention focused on his coffee.  “It’d be easy enough.  We can take the car out.  Vegas is pretty much an island.  It wouldn’t take long to get past the city limits, and then…  There’s a lot of places to find a lot of nothing.”
“No, as it turns out, you seemed to expect him to throw something at you, because you dodged like a pro,” Peter said.  “But anyway, that set off a whole thing, and everyone was yelling and throwing things and as it turns out, everyone from SHIELD is absolutely terrifying-”
Stephen’s eyes rolled up at the ceiling.  “Yes.”
Sam let out a sigh, and T’Challa patted him on the shoulder.  “Good luck with them.”
"Rude," Mackenzie said, her lips twitching.
The boy took a step back, and Tony let him go.  “The money you gave Billy.  He gave it to Mr. Bundles, the laundry man?  He paid him to bring me out here.” He gave Tony a nervous look, his feet shuffling against the grass as he tried to put a little more distance between them.  “But they wouldn’t let me in the front gate, I had to climb the wall.”
“I’m usually smoother than this,” Tony said.  “Much.  Much smoother than this.”.
“Are you fucking with me right now?” Tony asked.  “What are the chances you’d be here, after we saw you last night, and now you’re here, and I don’t think this is a coincidence.”
He definitely didn't recognize the giant gray cat that was sprawled out over his legs, purring up a storm.
Without looking up from his pan, Clint snagged a turnover and tossed it to Steve, who snagged it one handed out of the air.  “Because you’re finally making progress.”
Sam glanced at him.  “Way I see it,” he said, his voice quiet, “you've got two choices.  You can accept the situation and ride this out.”
Tony didn't respond to the question.  He just looked back at the red carpet, where Namor and his people were taking their time upstaging the surface dwellers. "Marcy."
He smiled.  “You expect it to be cheap because you think the people making it should be working for cheap and that’s super fucking racist, cut that shit out.”
The gym was filled with people, half of them unfamiliar to him, and all of them in the midst of what Tony would charitably describe as a 'boot scooting boogie.'  Leading them was, of all people, Bruce, who was demonstrating a complicated step to what appeared to be a pair of identical twins.  His face was flushed, and with each hop and sway, his glasses bounced on his nose, getting more and more off kilter.
Steve chuckled, just a little.  “Yeah.  I could use one, too.”
"I'll have to take your word for that.  So, the man in the open shirt and the, uh-" Steve paused.
His eyes were flat and tense, and his face was tight, strained.  Tony's stomach twisted, guilt sweeping over him. “Sorry,” he said, and he smiled.  He wandered across the room and took a seat next to Steve.
“My mother was from Italy,” Tony said.  He glanced back at DJ,  who stared back with dark, unblinking eyes.  “Do you know where Italy is?”
“For sexy purposes?” Jess asked, and Steve scrubbed a hand over his face.
Tony nodded.  “I’ll…  I’ll get it done.”
Jan’s eyes narrowed.  “Right…”
“I love how that’s what we’re choosing to focus on,” Tony drawled, his fingers working their way into a narrow gap in the prototype’s frame.  He gritted his teeth, trying to find an angle that would give him the access he needed without scraping half the skin off of his knuckles.  “As if that’s what’s important.”
“Excuse me?” Steve said, but Jess put a gentle hand on his shoulder and brushed a kiss against his cheek.  He gave her a side-eye.  “You’re trouble.”
He saw her thin shoulders rise and fall beneath the thick, quilted material of her robe.  “You can do this,” she said.  “Go on, then.  And if you try to step one foot outside of this house, Peter Benjamin Parker, I will have you scrubbing every inch of woodwork in this house.”
Steve stood up, helping her pile the books up, and Miss Potts tried to wave him off.  “Finish your soup,” she said.  “Mr. Rhodes will be happy to help me bring everything up.”
“Cute that I’m going to let you fly around impersonating me,’ Tony said.  His jaw hurt, his shoulders hurt, and his chest hurt.  He soldiered on despite all of that, or maybe because of it.  “You’re absolutely going to get in the car.”
“I don't know,” he admitted.  “Don't even know if he has one.  Some of those kids, they don't.”  He smiled.  “But there's only one there by that name, you'll find him, if you look.”
Steve covered Tony’s hand with his.  “This isn’t a joke,” he said.
“Of course it won’t fucking work, it’s PARKER,” Tony said.
DJ smiled back at him.  “Love you, too.”  With one more look back at them, he slipped out the bedroom door, pulling it shut behind him.
“If you can read between the lines, I’m an open book,” she said, leaning back against a workbench, her hands braced on either side of her narrow hips.  “And if you can’t, well, it’s not my job to teach you how.”
Tony’s skin iced over.  “Is that what you think?” The words were a whisper, thin and cold and hard, and Peter flinched, his entire body jerking back, away from Tony, and it was like a physical blow.
Jarvis smiled at him.  “Oh, sir,” he said.  “It’s not that you won’t.  It’s that you can’t.”
“Thank you, your Majesty,” Steve said.
“You should get used to that,” Tony told him, amused.  He glanced in DJ's direction.  “How're you doing there, kiddo?”  DJ held up a chunk of machinery.  “Excellent.  That's neither on fire nor leaking any sort of acid, engineering is proceeding as scheduled.”
“You need to go to bed,” Steve said, and Tony’s smile took on a wicked edge.  Steve laughed.  “You.  You need to go to bed.  And we’ll-”  Tony kissed him, and Steve forgot what he was trying to say.  “Bed,” he managed, the word whispered against Tony’s lips.
DJ blinked at him.  “I just did,” he pointed out.
"No one.  For now, we're stockpiling."  Miss Potts set her cup down with a click.  "We're betting everything on the fact that Tony is right."
DJ was perched on the edge of the landing pad, his knees drawn up against his chest, his bare feet braced on the gleaming marble.  As Hulk peeked up over the ledge, he straightened up, his hands coming down to his sides.  "Okay?" he asked, and there was strain in his voice.  Behind him, Tony came in for an easy landing, trying not to startle either of them.  He set Steve down next to him, but didn't let him go.
DJ looked up, a wide smile on his face.  He nodded, rocking forward to tuck a knee against his chest.  The stool he was sitting on shifted, the legs rattling on the stone floor.
“She’s upset with you,” Carol said to Steve.
“Callie.”  Her throat worked.  “Callie Betto.”
"If your name was Scott," Tony said, the words very serious, "our portmandeau in the society pages would be Scony."
Stane shifted on the floor, and she brought the bat around, bracing the heavy end of it against his throat.  He rocked back, his head bouncing off of the side of the desk as May set her hand on the other end of the bat, leaning her weight into it until the bat began to force Stane’s throat closed.  His eyes wide, panic crawling across his face, he clawed at the bat, but she didn’t budge.
“I mean, that’s another option, sure,” Harris said, because Fury looked pained and Tony was biting the straw of his juice box hard enough to bend it in half.  “Like, a…  A floating magical city above Las Vegas or-”
Tony pointed the rolling pin in his direction.  “Don’t start with me.”
Jarvis took it from him, his gloved fingers slipping the ball from him before Tony even realized he had moved.  Tony stared at his empty fingers.  He looked at Jarvis, who slipped the ball bearing into the pocket of his coat, giving it a firm pat.  "It is lunchtime, sir," he said, and there was amusement in his voice.  "And we have a guest, so we will be taking lunch on the patio today."
Tony stared down at her.  “Break him of that,” he said, and the words cracked like ice between his teeth.
“Life is tough when you have a teleconference with four different time zones,” Pepper agreed, her lips twitching.  Her head tipped towards the lobby.  “Come on.  Happy's double parked.”
“No.” Stark smiled died, just a little.  “No.  I’m not a good father.  As you might imagine, it doesn’t come naturally to me.  I have-” His hands came up in a gesture of defeat.  “I have no idea what I’m doing, and that should be glaringly obvious to everyone, including the kid.”
The Avenger's shared kitchen was a large, airy space, full of light and with plenty of room to move, cook and eat.  At this hour, it was pretty empty, with only Jan and Natasha at the massive table.  Jan had taken advantage of the extra space to spread out piles of paper, stacks of china and swathes of cloth.  Nat had a tablet in her hand and a bowl of fruit salad balanced on a pile of restaurant menus.
“Want Jarvis to give you a clock, botbrain?” Tony asked, pushing himself to his feet.
“Do either of you ever finish a sentence?” Tony interrupted.
“Any good?” Tony asked him, and DJ nodded.  “What happens in Vegas is carbs, I suppose.”  Tony took the bowl from him, dumping a healthy portion of fried potatoes, onions and peppers onto his plate.  He’d get to the fruit salad right after he finished them.  And also some more bacon.  He glanced over his shoulder.  “How’d it go, champ?”
“I’m working on building up an immunity,” Harris said.
“Better than a wife?”
“No,” Jarvis said, and that was definitely a bad sign.
Tony nodded.  “Do you want to marry me?”
"And I really think that's a bad idea." Tony adjusted the cuffs of his sleeves, smoothing the fabric into place before reaching for his tie.  "In that you look like you're about to be court martialed, and that's-" He glanced up, a smile twitching at the corners of his lips. "It's not a good look on you, darling."
“I’m going to go to the library,” DJ said.
"Hello," Steve said, to the clerk and his daughter.  "I'm-"
Steve grinned at him.  “Fine, keep them.” He picked up a carton, popping open the flaps.  “What's your pleasure?”
He looked back.  “Stay here,” he said, pointing at DJ and Harris in turns.  His eyes darted between them.  “Both of you. Expect you both to be sitting there when I get back.”
“So you can come with me, that is how you can help,” Tony gritted out.
Another moment of silence.  "No?" Tony asked.
“Right.  Logic,” Tony said, his voice tight.  Steve frowned, but before he could say anything, Tony continued.  “My favorite thing.  Logic.”
Stark stared at him, his mouth a thin line.  “I wasn't going to ask about any of that,” he said.
From the bathroom, there was silence, and then the rattle of the shower starting up.  Steve's eyes flicked up towards the ceiling.  “Do you need help?” he called, dropping the phone back onto Tony's jacket.
Tony paused, his cup halfway to his mouth, his other hand hanging limply at his side.  He looked down, at the shattered remains of the armor that was scattered across the floor.  He opened his fingers, letting the heavy wrench slide free.  It crashed down, bouncing off a chunk of a shoulder plate with a sad, metallic clang.  “Huh,” Tony said, taking a sip of his drink.  “Sounds like a bell from this side, too.”
Tony tried to summon some faux indignation, but it was a losing battle.  “How dare you,” he said, grinning up at Steve.  “A man like you should know your place.”
“He’s lying, I know he’s lying, he’s-” Peter’s hands flexed at his sides, and his knuckles were raw and cracked.  “He doesn’t want me to feel back, because he knows it’s my fault DJ’s gone, it’s-”
“I mean.”  Darcy grinned at him.  “It’d be a distraction.”
“I know how many fucking asparagus nests I had a hand in making, so…”
“Great.”  Clint leaned back in his chair, bracing a foot on the edge of Phil’s desk as he dialed.  Phil reached for his coffee and his latest form, making a show of not paying attention.
Tony laughed, soft and gentle.  “Foul,” he said.  “You didn’t answer the question.”
DJ scrambled down from his chair, bouncing across the patio.  Mrs. Parker knelt down next to him, collecting the marbles that rolled out of his reach.  “Thank you, dear.”
"What the hell is puce?" Sam asked.  He was standing stock still as a shirt was sewn into place around him. Steve envied how unfazed he was by the situation.  "It doesn't sound pleasant."
Rogers sighed.  “It's confusion, Mr. Stark.  I'm confused.
Shaking off the thought, he kept walking.  The crowded streets of the market gave way to the narrower, twisting streets of the old city.  The buildings here seemed unstable, unbalanced, new layers added to the old without any consideration for the foundations.  What had been small, single story buildings when he was a boy now held extra floors, built on piecemeal where they were needed.
Steve crouched down next to him.  “For God's sake, Tony.”
Rogers blinked at him.  “Natasha shot at you?”
“Bagel,” DJ said, drawing the word out.  He stumbled to his feet, gathering up his bedding in his arms, hugging the heaps of fabric.  “Cheese?”
“I do,” Jessica said.
“Sorry,” Sam said, not sounding sorry at all.  “Didn’t see you there.”  He stepped around Bucky.  “Anyone had a look at the hearth?”
“I’m pleased to hear it,” Jarvis said.  He gave the quilt a quick shake.  “Excuse me, please.”  Steve stood up, and Jarvis spread the quilt over Tony’s slumbering form.  “There,” he said, and he smiled down at Tony,  his expression soft with affection.  His fingers smoothed Tony’s hair away from his forehead, lingering there for a long moment before he straightened up.
“Okay, you're okay,” he said, grinning at Tony.  “Steve, we doing decaf or-”
“That was the prevailing theory, yes?” Rhodey asked, setting his cap on top of the car.  He was getting real sick of running the gauntlet of guards between the street and the house.  “Don’t tell me-”
“Look, I know what it seems like, but Steve does not actually have a cat.”
He grinned back. “Like you said, Jan. Time to start using my words.”
“Get three,” Tony said, and he'd never get tired of the sound of Steve's laughter, the way it started soft and rose, bright and warm.  The way he tried to hide it by ducking his head or covering his mouth.  The way his eyes danced.  Tony grinned at him.  “Want something to drink?”
Steve made a grab for it, but Sam could be fast when he wanted to be.  “I still have paint to-”
Steve squinted at a few of the signs passing by.  He didn't speak the language, but the symbols had become universal, it seemed.  "Love is love," he said, because those were some of the few English words that were visible.  Two older women stepped around him, their arms linked together.  They were wearing masks as well.  "The masks are new."
Jan had DJ in her lap now, blowing gently on his hair.  Flour floated through the air like snow, making him giggle.  “Have you anything fun planned for Sunday?”
“I'm very optimistic,” she said, and it was the most Russian she'd ever sounded, the words flat and utterly without intonation.
Steve’s lips twitched.  “We had tacos last night, Deej.”
“We're fine,” Tony said.  “We're-”  He went to wave them off and realized he was still holding DJ's weapon.  He tossed it in the general direction of the couch.  “By which I mean, I'm fine.  Bruce is having an attack of the vapors-”
Tony gave him a slight smile.  “Thank you, but no.”  He looked back towards the main staircase.  “Actually.  Yes.  Can you go up to the Mezzanine and find us an area, near the front, that’s unoccupied?  I’d like a little-” He wiggled a hand in mid-air.  “Breathing room.”
"Which ones?" Tony asked.
And just like that, Steve’s head was clear, all the confusion and infatuation and need washed away by a wave of rage.
“Good to know.  I don’t like you much,” Steve told him, setting off another wave of laughter from the kids.  Steve glanced at Tony.  “I need to get them to the streetcar before Hammer leaves without them.”
“Hey.”  Steve looked up.  “Bruce said something about Sitwell giving Clint Pixy Sticks for his birthday?”
“Fine.” Steve leaned in.  “I'll punch Doom twice and buy you breakfast.”
“I refuse to work in silence if I can avoid it,” Rhodey said, grabbing Happy’s shoulder as he tripped over Clint’s feet, knocking him into the wall.  Laughing, Rhodey braced Happy until he found his balance again.  “And you showing up is a bonus.”
Clint crouched down in front of him.  “Are you in pain?” he asked, peeking under the blanket hood.  “Does anything hurt?”
“Mmmm.” Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him close.  “I’m as surprised as you are.”
“Can you stop Jan, Carol and Jess from throwing out all my clothing?” Steve asked him.
Jarvis paused in the act tidying the workbench.  “Was that not what you expected him to do?”
“I'm sorry, sir, it turns out that we are entirely out of coffee,” Jarvis said.
Greer jumped, and that’s when Steve realized he’d all but shouted that.  She looked at him, her eyes wide, and Steve stared back.  “You’re talking about Sam, of course, you’re talking about Sam, right, right, of course we’re-”  Relief made him dizzy and he rocked forward, grabbing her arm.  “Sam.”
Agatha smiled.  “Ah.  Well.” She adjusted her spoon with a flicker of her finger, pushing it into place next to her cup.  “A needle might be much smaller than a sword.  But a needle, properly honed and wielded, can kill as easily as any blade.  The difference is, the needle can repair, just as easily as it can destroy.”
"Don't you like the rain, Tony?" Steve said, shoving a hand through his hair.  The wet strands tangled around his fingers.  "Come on out."
“And you look really strong,” Peter said, “But then-”
“We'll...  We'll handle the sketchbooks,” he said.  He gave her a bright smile.  “Grab the box of paint?”
Steve offered him the carton of egg foo young, and Tony took it, pleased.  “This is setting a bad precedent,” he said.  “You know what I like and I am going to fail utterly at remembering what you like, so the next time I do the ordering we're going to end up with something you hate, and that'll be the end of this.”
“I can explain,” Tony said, and Steve headed across the living room to look over the back of the couch.
"Already done."  Peter's voice echoed out of the depths of the truck.  His head popped out, blinking owlishly at Steve.  "When I saw you coming.  With him.  Figured you'd be going.  Batter's in the cold case, cabinets are secured and the fryer's sealed, so you should be almost good to go."
“Right, sorry, you lost OUR kid,” he said, never taking his eyes off of Strange.
“Okay?  You’re feeling okay?”
“The centerfolds, actually,” Tony said, dishing out a plate of pasta.  His stomach grumbled, and he traded Steve for the bread basket.  “God, this looks good.”
“You’re all getting fed today and you’re going to be happy with that,” Tony told him.  “Now-”
Happy nodded.  “Point taken.”
A small scuffing sound brought his head around, and he smiled at the little boy who crouched down next to him, his arms wrapped around his knees.  He grinned at Steve, his eyes glinting under the dark fringe of his hair.  "Fixed it," he said, in his usual, halting cadence.
Steve paused, his spoon halfway to his mouth.  Slowly, he lowered it back to the bowl. “A bit,” he admitted.  “It's been with me for a while.”
Steve’s lips twitched.  “Yeah, I got that when she fitted my pants.”
A shirt was draped across Tony’s shoulders, hanging open and loose against his chest and pooling around his hips.  The rest of him was bare, and the firelight gilding every inch of his skin, and casting sparks along the dark threads of his hair.  There was a blanket beneath him, spilling across the cold marble of the hearth and onto the floor.
He smiled back, a crooked little twitch of his lips.  "Yes, ma'am."
“Nope,” he said with a broad smile.
Steve opened his mouth, and O'Brien held up a hand.  "Think real hard before the next word leaves your mouth, Rogers."
“He tried his damnedest,” Tony said.  “It didn’t stick.  But not for lack of trying.”
“Mom worries about everything,” Franklin said.  He picked up a screwdriver and poked it at Val's hand.  Val tried to grab the tip of the screwdriver with her pliers, a smile sliding over her face as she made them snap like metal jaws.  “Like, I'm supposed to start high school SOON and she and dad are still arguing about it.”
“So where do you put your budget?” Jan asked.  “Down here?”
“Oh, I can imagine,” Bucky said.
"It's the 'no threatening colonialism' one," Steve told him.
Ellen took a breath. “Because every time someone who looks like you, someone as famous as you, joins the queer kids at that 'weird' table in the high school cafeteria of life, you make things just a tiny bit easier for everyone who doesn't look like you.” She tossed a hand through the air. “You buy us space. You buy us a measure of protection. Your existence normalizes us.”
Steve's eyes slid from one to the other, trying to make sense of either of them.  “You...  Tried to-”
Steve nodded.  “I'd...  Prefer that, actually.”
Tony was still talking as he continued up the stairs, but Steve couldn’t hear him anymore, a strange sort of ringing in his ears drowning everything else out.  He crossed to the fireplace, crouching down to retrieve his orders.  Ash clung to the page, and to his fingers, and no matter how much he wiped at it, streaks of black marred the paper.
“I get paid in cookies,” Clint said.  His foot, still covered in webbing, stuck to the floor, and he pried his foot out of his shoe.
“There isn’t a jury in this city that would convict me,” she said, her voice soft, almost gentle.  Stane let out a horrible, gurgling noise, his fingers locked on the wood of the bat, trying to force it away from his neck.  She smiled down at him.  “Little old lady like me.  So helpless.  So frightened.  Of course I would panic.  Who would blame me?”
By the time he returned to the laundry yard, he’d gotten a good idea of where the guards had been posted, where they patrolled, and which ones were actually paying attention.  The man by the kitchn door was tall and broad, with a nose that had been broken a few times, and a sharp look in his eye.  The first time he’d seen Steve emerge from the house, he’d straightened up, hand going to the nightstick hanging from his belt.  Unlike some of the men posted out by the walls, it was clear this one took his task seriously.
“We’re closed tomorrow, and there’s a cleaning crew coming in to do a deep scrub and it’s three goddamn am and you all need to go home and offer your most abject apologies to your loved ones for choosing a career that makes it all but certain that you will never, and I mean never, know what it’s like to celebrate an actual holiday with them.”  Tony reached for his water bottle.  “There are boxes for each of you in the cloak room.  They contain a wide variety of calorically dense treats covered in spun sugar or gold dust or essence of amor, I don’t even fucking know, take one even if you hate chocolate, because there’s also a wad of cash in there.”
“I wanted a dress shirt,” Tony said.  His head fell forward, coming to rest in the center of Steve’s chest..  “A tie.  Is a tie really too much to ask?”
Her lips kicked up on one side.  “I had thought so,” she said. “Now I’m not so sure.” Her head tipped back, towards the others.  “Black Widow.  Espionage.  And Hawkeye-”
He reached the top of the stairs and stomped towards the library.  “So do whatever you’d like.  I’m beyond caring.”  To his credit, he did not slam the door behind him.  But it closed with a firmness that echoed through the hallway with a terrifying finality.
Just a little canon appropriate violence in this one.  Based on the strangest scene in the Annie movie.
Steve stopped, his mouth working.  After a moment, he took a deep breath, and continued, his voice shaking.  “The Brooklyn Children’s Museum was chartered in 1899, and for more than a hundred years has served to educate, entertain and enlighten the children of the borough of Brooklyn.  Now, more than ever, the museum remains dedicated to offering a safe and welcoming space for all children who find their way to its doors.”
Steve’s eyes fell shut, tension bleeding out of his shoulders as Tony’s fingers, slick with soap, slid down the back of his neck, rubbing away the soreness there.  “You don’t have to…”  The words trailed off on an inarticulate sound as Tony’s fingers found a knot of tension at the base of his skull.
Tony started to shake, and Steve grabbed for his shoulders, the move pure instinct.  But Tony's head tipped up, and he was grinning, he was laughing, his face flushed and his eyes bright.  “So, what?” he asked, and everything cold and still had been washed out of his voice.  He sounded so happy that Steve couldn't even take offense at the laughter.
Crowds of men and women attired in the usual costumes, how curious you are to me!
“Is it what?” Steve asked.
“She's lying,” he said.  He rolled his shoulders.  “Say hi to DJ for me, okay?  Tell him I found him a souvenir.” It was a giant stuffed turtle with big, sleepy eyes and a dopey grin.  Steve loved it.
“Please tell me you’re armed,” he said, without even looking up.
Steve squinted into the gloom, wondering if someone had been locked out, and if so, if their family'd had reason.  He shifted his bag higher on his back, his fingers tightening on the strap as the waiting figure pushed himself to his feet.
"I'd love to see you make me," Sam said.
A muscle next to Steve's eye twitched.  "Ah," he said at last, and Tony started to laugh.
“I was doing SCIENCE,” she told him, her nose in the air.
She burst out laughing, the sound high and bright and lovely.  "I think I like you," she said, as Rhodes slid into the driver's seat. She leaned back in the plush seat of the car, her bag in her lap, her legs crossed neatly at the ankles.  The car pulled away from the curb, and Steve glanced back at the precinct.  Miss Potts studied him, her eyes sharp.  "Who did you annoy to get assigned to this?"
“Sit down,” Jarvis said, nudging Tony towards a chair.  “Mrs. Parker, there’s water on the sideboard, if you could get him a glass, I’ll go fetch some help, we should be able to ring-”
“No one cares what you want,” Bucky said, overtaking Sam and reaching the inn door before him.
“Bite your tongue, I was always going to be annoying,” Tony told them.
DJ stared down at his feet, then up at Jarvis.  "One, two, three," he echoed, his body swaying in time with the precision of the beat.
“Yes,” Darcy said, her eyes huge.  “Tony.  Give me your sunglasses.  I will be the best Fem-Stark ever.”
“I shall never marry,” Shuri said, licking juice from her fingertips.  “I shall have conquests by the dozen, I shall steal their knowledge and when they have outlived their usefulness, and I am bored with them, I shall expel them from the palace.”  Her head tipped to the side, her eyes wide.  “Possibly with a catapult of some sort.”
“She would drag your corpse out on the stage, so I'd recommend against going that route,” she said, moving towards the door.  “Behave yourselves, boys.  Don't do anything stupid in the five minutes while I'm gone.”
“As ready as it's going to get,” he said, holding his hand out for the bowl.  “Hand it over.”
Tony smiled.  “Thanks, Jay.”  He jogged down the rest of the stairs, taking a slow, deep breath.  He had no idea what he was doing, and yet, it seemed like he was going to do it anyway.  Luckily, he was used to making things up as he went.
Peter nodded.  “But how will I get back to work on-”
He glanced at the clock.  “Jarvis, update?”
"What the hell's the difference?" Steve asked, and the moment the words were out of his mouth, he regretted them.  He squeezed his eyes shut.  "Sorry.  Sorry, I'm-"
“I’m too wired to sleep,” Bobbi said, tossing the apple core towards the trash can.  “I can.”
Steve took it.
“Spoilsports, all of you.”  Yawning, Darcy tore into the wrapping paper. She held up the box, which was emblazoned with a cartoon picture of a cat sitting on top of a pile of boxes.  “Aw, yeah!  It’s a subscription to cat hat of the month club!”
"Really.  I'm not going to ask what you're basing that on.  But...”  Tony squinted at the 'cat.'  “No taste for human blood?" Tony asked him, trying to keep a straight face.  DJ shook his head.  "Really?  None at all?"
“Thanks.”  He should probably feel bad about this.  Probably.  But he wasn't surprised that he didn't, that lying to them came just a little too easily.  Gritting his teeth against the thought, he headed towards the hall.
“Yes, you can, but you could also get an idea of taking revenge on Happy for his spontaneous change of plans tonight by running over something he likes or needs.  Like his foot,” Bobbi said.
“Helped,” DJ said, wrapping his hands around his own cup.
Tony's eyes fluttered shut, his breath leaving him in something like a sigh. “Right,” he said, with a firm nod. “Let's go.”
Tony made a grab for it, missed and ended up sprawled half on top of Steve.  “I’m really not,” he said, and Steve choked on a laugh.  Tony pushed himself up, his hands braced on Steve’s chest.  “Oh, do you find this funny?” he asked, his lips twitching.
He took a deep breath.  “I am doing this only because A. Steve went for what he termed a 'quick 10K' and that means he's running around the whole island, and B. because I hate Rudolph with the white hot passion of a thousand dying suns.”
“Help, help,” Tony said, absolutely deadpan.  “I'm being kidnapped.”  His head lolled to the side.  “Oh.  Won't anyone save me?”
Agatha’s eyes rolled up towards the ceiling.  “Fine, child, if you insist. Let us speak to all of the players in this little game, all at once.” She raised her cane and brought it down with a snap, and it cracked against the floor, the carpet rippling like water from the impact..
“I am less than pleased with the situation as well,” Jarvis said, the words sharp.  “If you are unable or unwilling to help, then-”
His chin was up, his shoulders squared. "I believe, I know, we are moving forward, every day. Towards the last child thrown out of their house for their sexual orientation. The last murder of a sex worker or undocumented person that gets thrown in the cold case files because no one cares. The last time someone has to fear not being allowed to use a public bathroom, or simply exist in public."
He stood up and turned to face them.  “You put him in here?”
“And he likes chocolate,” Peter said.
Steve’s lips twitched.  “We’ve just met,” he pointed out.  “And your first act was to steal from me.”
Ellen stared at nothing in particular.  “You're telling me that Captain America and Iron Man flew to a foreign country and got married.  To-”  She clutched her forehead, and wondered if this was how God was punishing her for drinking too much, for getting too wrapped up in the story she was supposed to be covering.  “To EACH OTHER.”
Steve glanced down at himself, then at Tony.  "I'm not really up for anything fancy," he said, with a lopsided smile.  “It's been a very long day, Tony.”
Tony looked at it.  “This is going to be a disaster.”
“I'm going to regret this, aren't I?” Tony asked Bruce.
“It’s no use,” Shuri said, her bowl braced on one upthrust knee.  Her spoon tapped against the edge, a quick flicker of movement that caught the firelight.  “He can’t be dissuaded.”  Bucky muttered something under his breath, and Shuri grinned.  “Have I ever told you about the hut we put him in?”
“They’re not-” Bucky stopped,shoving a hand through his hair.  It immediately fell right back into his face.  He didn’t seem to notice.  “Stevie.  Look at this place.”
Steve nodded.  “Why the hell did Sitwell give him Pixy Stix?”
“Why do you say that?” he asked, and Tony could see the trap at his feet, gaping like a canyon in front of him.
Tony nodded.  “I like it.  Stylish."
Rhodey got to his feet, dusting off the seat of his pants.  “Yeah, yeah, I'll go keep an eye on them.”
Thor leaned against the bar.  “‘When asked to cede the floor,’” he read aloud from his phone, “‘Chef Rogers responded ‘When history seeks to condemn a government for the treatment of its citizens, the harshest words are, and have always been, they let their people starve.  In times of plenty, when the earth provides, if you let your people starve, history does not forget that, Congressman.  No, I will not cede, no, I will not be silent.’”
“And you might still be hungry,” Jarvis pointed out.  He sipped his tea.   “There's more, if you-”
He couldn't breathe.
“Stop,” Tony agreed.  His fingers flexed, and he folded them together to keep them still.  “And figure out what’s wrong.”  His head tipped to the side, holding DJ’s gaze.  “I’ll ask you questions.”  DJ’s face went tense, and he rushed on.  “Easy questions.  Yes and no questions.  All you have to do is think about what I’m asking, and then nod, or shake your head.”  His eyebrows arched.  “Can you do that for me?”
Sam grinned at him.  “Yeah, well, maybe don't try to stop a crashing spaceship with your shield next time.”
“I need you to stop doing this.”
There was a beat of silence.  Ellen squeezed her eyes shut, trying to ignore the way her head was pounding.  It was an impossible task.  “Ellen.”
“I’m starting to realize that, thanks,” Steve said.  He pushed his hair back away from his forehead, and shrugged the weight of his coat into place on his shoulders.
He tossed a piece of melon into the air and caught it in his mouth, then chased it with a piece of bacon.  “DJ!  Lewis!  I gave you your costumes an hour ago, how long-”
DJ’s face was blank, his body language closed off, and Tony caught Obie by the elbow.  “Not before dinner, or Mrs. Parker will have my head.” He glanced back, giving DJ a wink.  “You can give it to me and I’ll save it for later.”
He met Steve’s eyes.  “It’s not going through,” he said.  “Busy, maybe.”
“Wonderful.”  Tony straightened up and glanced at the rearview mirror.  About what he had expected, but then again, he was a pessimist.  “Where’s Lewis?”
Steve looked back at Jan.  “Seventy?” he said, and Jan nodded, her teeth digging into her lower lip.
“It's functioning just as it's supposed to, actually.” Gyrich sounded amused, and Tony decided he did not like him.  For entirely rational reasons that did not involve a giant robot stomping through his city.
“I have a much better plan for today.”  She set her hands on his back and pushed.  “Let's go!”
He should go.  He knew he should.
Riri's head swung towards Bruce.  Bruce never looked up from his work, his big hands manipulating strands of sugar as thin as a hair with speed and accuracy.  "Ms. Williams, in this kitchen, when you are given an assignment, what do you say?"
"The good sandwich place or the cheap sandwich place?"
Memory crashed over Steve like a wave, knocking the breath out of him, and he jerked upright, his free hand fumbling at the sides of his bed.  "Jessica!  Is she-"
Nicholas released him, making a show of rotating his shoulder.  “As well as could be expected, for an old man.”
Ellen held up her hands.  “'Statutory Surprise in Symkaria: Same Sex Marriage Made Legal Overnight,'” she said, still pleased with that.
“I’ve got to be helpful, somehow,” Steve said, the words wry.  He picked up a few other cups, piling them up in the crook of his arm.  “I’ll make a couple of sandwiches.”
“We tell him that he should be more careful with his possessions, it’s not our responsibility to take care of them, and he shouldn’t expect us to,” Tony said.  “If he does, he’s delusional.”
“Yes. Thank you for that,” Duck said, his head cradled in his hand. “Very much.”
“Okay, okay, what is wrong with-”
“Nobody asked you to,” Steve said, scrubbing the table with enough force to shift it on its legs.
Pepper patted his arm again. “No.”
He pushed himself to his feet.  “Oh, come on, who gets married in Vegas these days?”  He laughed.  “Thanks, Pepper.”
That earned him a flap of her apron.  "The good lord'll get you for lying, see that he don't."  She smiled at him, her eyes squinting against the gloom.  "You have enough t' eat?  I can send Sean up with some bread, if you've not got any."
Tony made a non-commital noise under his breath, flipping another page.  “Let me rephrase.  Please tell me you have a gun,” he said.
“So to speak,” Ellen agreed. “By being you, and being...” She shook her head.
“Working on it,” Steve said, shuffling a stack of canvases. “I don't think these need to go.”
Tony pressed a hand to his forehead, trying not to notice the way his fingers were shaking.  “Why the hell-”
Carol gasped and clutched at her chest.  “What?  Right in front of your loving girlfriend?”
“DOLLARS?”  Harris asked, his voice rising.
"So my mama says.  Ed."  She leaned back from the register, flipping the cup in his direction.  Ed snagged it from midair without even looking in her direction.  “Tall non-fat caramel vanilla latte for the scion."
“You’re barefoot,too,” Tony pointed out, but he let Steve pick him up, looping his arms around Steve’s neck.  “I’m humoring you,” he said, as he tucked his cheek against Steve’s shoulder.
"We can, but, uh, it'll be tough," Bruce said.  He peeled back the husk, considering the neat rows of golden kernels with a narrowed eye.  "Late season.  Always hit or miss."  He smiled at Steve.  "There's butter."
“Well, that is where we left them,” Steve said.  He leaned over, picking the table up.  “DJ, you could’ve broken something.”
Tony smiled.  “Stark?”  Stark paused, his head swinging in Tony’s direction.  Tony reached for his phone.  “He’s in the wrong dimension.  He’s scared and he’s uncertain and he knew you weren’t here.”  He took a deep breath, and this one didn’t ache in the same way.  “And he still dropped his armor and fully expected you to catch him.”  He looked at Stark, and smiled.  “I think that you’re doing just fine.”
“Yes, sir.” Tony resisted the urge to scrub his hands on the legs of his pants.  It wouldn’t do much good, they were as filthy as his hands.
"Or an ax to grind," Pepper added.
“Whatever you pick out, I'm going to google it!” Steve called after him as Tony slipped out of the kitchen.
“We take our leave of you here,” T’Challa said, pushing back his chair, “and rejoin the rest of the delegation.  Being seen in our company will only draw more attention to you.”
"I remember the train books," Tony said, around a mouthful of toast.  "I had more than a few of those.  Bet there's some new ones by now, maybe we should check with the book shops."  He pushed the cat away from his breakfast tray.  "You.  No."  The cat glared up at him, a low, sustained rumble of sound rolling through its solid frame.  Tony stared at it.  "Is this...  Is this a growl or a purr?"
“Would you want to get flowers?” she asked, as Greer buried her face in her hands.
"Got it," Natasha said, coming through the door, towing Clint behind her.  He appeared to be half-asleep, still wearing a pair of faded purple pajama pants with a massive hole in one knee and a t-shirt that had been white once upon a time.  Now, it was an indistinct sort of gray.
He made to move past her, and Pepper caught his arm.  “He’s in a foul mood, Tony,” she said, her mouth tight.  She scrubbed at his cheek, her teeth digging into her lower lip.  “You’re a mess.”
“Are you sure?” the blonde asked him, and the boy nodded, a quick, sharp flick of his chin.  “This is the place?”
“You would if it was Hank’s plant,” Jan told her.
There was a janitor’s cart in the hall, and he reached out as he passed, his hand closing on one of the wooden handles sticking out of the bin.  He wrenched it free, a push broom with a broad wooden head; not what he wanted, but it was what he had, and it was solid and hard and real in his hand.
Another arrow hit the wall, mere inches from Happy’s head.  Happy didn’t even seem to notice.  “He’s faster than you’d think, it’s a real treat to watch.”  He flipped the arrow in his hand over, catching it with a flick of his fingers.  “See?   This is-”  He gave the arrow an easy toss.  And this time, another arrow caught it broadside, the tip going through the shaft and slicing it in half.
"Yeah, the list of things that haven't killed you 'yet' is pretty long and gets more worrying for me with each passing day," Steve pointed out.  He sucked in a breath, and, before Tony could do more than curse, downed the rest of the coffee in a single swallow.  He came up coughing, his face flushed, a hand clapped to his mouth.
“Might not be a bad idea, honestly.”
“Hi,” Steve said.  He pushed Furbro aside before he ended up losing an eye.  Furbro tumbled onto the floor next to him, and Steve stroked his head in apology.  Furbro’s head tipped, rubbing against Steve’s palm.  “What’s up, cat?”  Furbro blinked up at him, big golden eyes gleaming in the low light.  Then he turned around and padded back into DJ’s room.  A moment later, Steve heard the sound of the cat scratching at something.  Curious, he pushed himself to his feet, following Furbro through the half open door.
Instead, he scraped a hand over his face.  “Tell me you did a good job at least.”
"Very Great Gatsby of you," Steve said.  "Don't do that."
It was everything he wanted and it was all wrong.  Steve's stomach churned, and he sucked in a breath through his nose, struggling against the urge to throw up.  In the babble of voices that followed, Pepper stepped into the camera's frame.
“Negotiation’s pretty loud, too,” DJ said, and Tony laughed.
Steve was still staring at him, his face flushed, his lips parted, and Tony realized he was still clutching the front of Steve's jacket, the fabric twisted between his fingers. Tony pulled him down, and Steve met him halfway, their mouths colliding with more force than grace. Tony couldn't ever remember being this desperate, this needy, and despite that, he was laughing, or maybe Steve was.
“No,” Agatha said.  “The tea would’ve put you to sleep, no more.”  Seemingly unconcerned about the half dozen superheroes staring at her with various expressions of anger and shock.  She took another sip of her tea.  I had been trying to sedate you since I separated you from the others, but you were surprisingly resistant to the suggestion.  I had hoped that this-” She gestured at the table.  “Would put you at ease, long enough to secure your cooperation.”
“No.  DJ’s armor is built to be invisible.  Fast.  Maneuverable.  But mostly?  It’s built to be utterly invisible.”  He gave DJ a smile.  “It’s an escape route, more than anything.  If it all goes pear shaped, he will get out, completely unnoticed.”  His hands were warm.  Comforting.  “Get out in the desert, and he can fly.  No one will ever know he was there.”
His apartment was small, tucked in an awkward corner of an old building, in an unfashionable neighborhood.  He was proud of it, because it was his, he'd earned it, and he'd built it into exactly what he wanted it to be.
“Yeah, how long have we known each other?  You know that's not going to happen.”  Ellen made a face.  “I'm not going into a battle of wits with Tony Stark without a lot of cue cards, you know why?”
“Yeah,” Franklin said.  He scrubbed his nail against his jeans.  “I kinda still am.”  He looked at DJ.  “Are you afraid of small places?  I mean, you have a lot of, like, hidey spots and they're all small.”
Sam nodded.  “Worth it.”
Harris nodded.  “Any other complaints you’d like to register?”
“I've got a card,” Tony said.
Steve shifted the baby back to her arms.  “But he took care of you,” he said, and it wasn’t a question, not really.
Tony stared at her.  “And you think that went well?”
He dropped his hands just in time to see Rhodey and Pepper exchange a glance.  “I think he IS your husband,” Pepper said.
“I heard something like that,” Tony said.  He let his head fall onto Steve’s shoulder. His eyes fell shut.  “We’re going to make a spreadsheet.  Your fantasies.  All of them.  And we’re going to go down that list, one by one.”
“Pretty sure he has a birthday in the last six months or the next six months,” Tony said.  He gave the cake a look.  He was pretty sure it had moved on its own.  “In any case, I’m guessing this’ll be just as edible then as it is now.”
“Lovely,” Steve said, but his arms were tight around Tony's waist.  “Sorry.”
Tony grinned.  “Well, worse choices have been made around these parts.”  He paused. “What are you doing?”
He took a deep breath.  "So yes.  I apologize, Miss Potts, but I don't approve."
Steve leaned in, his eyes dark.  “Stark.  At this point, I can't promise you that we'll make it to your CAR.  If we try to make it back to Brooklyn, you're likely going to have to pull over so I can have you in the back seat.”
"Any questions?"
Tony winced and pushed himself upright.  “Rhodey, Pepper or Coulson?” he asked, shoving a hand through his hair.
Ellen considered her shelf of tea cups.  “You get the ugly cup,” she declared.  “Because you're being a bitch.”
“The one that does not belong here,” Strange said with a faint smile.
Tony nodded.  “Good man, Jarvis.”  He tossed the blankets back, his head tipped towards the windows, where sheets of water now washed over the panes.  “Tell me Steve's not out in this.”
“No,” Tony said.
“At least one of them is actively plotting.  And I must be getting old and soft, because by the time I realized it…”  He shook his head.  “I couldn’t manage to catch that particular tiger by the tail.  When I die, and I will, one way or the other, it’ll be war.”
Clint ducked past Carol, dragging a fishing net behind him.  “He’s in the quinjet,” he said, readjusting his grip on the ropes.  “Bruce was worried about hypothermia.”
"Possibly, you're untrustworthy," she pointed out, and now he was laughing out loud.  Smiling, Miss Potts looked back at Steve.  "What, exactly, are your objections, Officer Rogers?"
Tony grumbled under his breath, but he sank back onto the comfortably shabby couch.  It was one of the few pieces of furniture in the main part of the apartment, that and a battered chair, a tv mounted on the wall nearby.  A lamp.  Something that might've passed as a coffee table, and some well stocked bookshelves along the wall in what space was left, books clustered around their bases, the shelves overflowing to the floor.
“Fine,” he said, rolling to his feet.  “Coffee it is.” He headed for the door, doing his best to ignore the wolf whistle from the bed behind him.  “Behave yourself!”
“Makes Steve nervous when I don’t,” DJ said.  He blinked, his eyelashes flickering nervously against his skin.  “So I try.”
Clint was still now, and the boy shrugged.  “It’s all the same to you,” he said, his voice quiet, “but having something sweet would be a real treat for them.”  His throat worked as he swallowed.  “If I could.”
He took a breath, thinking about that.  Natasha waited, patient as she ever was, and DJ took her hand, clasping her fingers tightly.  “Okay.”
Steve looked at Shuri.  Shuri, half hidden behind the big wooden bowl, held very still, her dark eyes wide.  Steve set his bag down beside the door and shrugged his shield off of his back.  “Buck.”
“Tony?”  Steve squeezed his fingers.  “We all need reassurance sometimes.”
“Shield.”
“Did that help?” Thor asked.
Steve took a deep breath.  He absolutely was not in love with one of his best friends.  He had to keep reminding himself of that.  Maybe someday he'd actually believe it.
“Would you like to explain what’s happening here?” Obie asked.
“Absolutely,” Tony said.  “I’m going to put a little ball and chain on your wheelbase.  Your friends are going to have to learn how to send telegrams.  College is-” He flicked a hand through the air.  “Straight out.  If you write an essay explaining the many bad choices you’ve made, I might consider making an exception for your wedding day.”
“No, she's giving me such a disapproving look right now,” Tony said.  More murmurs.  “She says that you don't have to do anything you're not comfortable with, and I'm an ass for pressuring you.”
“Too late,” Steve said, as Jan, Carol and Jess came up the hallway behind them.
“Of course.”  She ruffled his hair.  “Chef, we have an order!”
Marjorie stared at Steve.  "Weight?"
“Darcy is excited by new throw pillows,” Harris said.
"In that you might've ordered it."
Steve heaved a sigh and turned, wiping his hands on a rag.  “They’re really, really good cookies,” he said.  Tony was leaning in his window, his hair damp and disordered, his sleeves rolled back to his elbows.  He grinned up at Steve, and Steve felt the last of the tension go out of his chest.  “Don’t suppose it’s working on you?”
“There’s always room to grow in a professional capacity,” Jarvis said.
"Pure liquid malice.  Hate in a semi-solid state," Tony agreed, stopping the video with a flick of his wrist.  He dropped the phone to the bed.  "Sorry."
Steve grinned at him.  “Yours.”
“I think-” Tony started, as Steve handed him the plate.  “Maybe we should just focus on the toast right now, it's, it's a good piece of toast, and-”
“Sir.”
“We should drink to the fair maiden’s departure from this world.” Thor announced in the loud, grandiose way he did most things.
He recalled Tony’s treatment of him, how welcoming but distant he had been during Steve’s first few weeks in the Tower, and how he had warmed up to him. He had still been his snarky self, and they still fought, but sometimes Tony would do something or say something that Steve knew only he was privy to; and it only caused Steve to fall more in love with him. They were close, closer to each other than to the other Avengers, and closer, Steve admitted, than he had been with Bucky.
And more often than not, Tony reminded Steve that he was one of a kind.
Steve looked down at the sketch pad in his hand. Her face stared back at him, big lips and expressive eyes. He hadn’t meant to, but he had drawn her how he imagined her to look in his last moments.
“Fuck it, I’m going back to work.”
“Don’t worry about it Rogers,” Tony turned to him, his head cocked to the left, and he didn’t seem mad about what had happened, the apology going unspoken but still known, something for which he was grateful. Even though he was looking at Steve, he felt as if Tony was really thinking a hundred other things at the same time. “Everybody gets performance anxiety their first time. I’d say even me, but hey, I’m not about to start lying—”
—and Natasha, who was sipping from a coffee mug clearly labeled
Except for Bucky. Steve swallowed hard, lightly traced the letters of his best friend’s name with his fingers. He had slipped through Steve’s fingers, and Steve—
“Well,” Tony drew back, and pushed open one of the doors leading inside. “We all know who the favourite here is.”
Reluctantly, Steve looked over to chack the time. It was five o’clock. If he didn’t leave, they would probably throw him out.
Steve smiled and began cleaning up. In some odd sort of way, he had become comfortable here, in the Tower, with the others. And he convinced himself that, even if Coulson did remember in the morning, and it turned out Peggy was in England, buried somewhere, he wouldn’t be too broken up about it because he had his team—his
“I didn’t mean to freeze up like I did,” Steve murmured, finally looking Tony in the eye. He tried not to look away, wanting to seem more confident than he really was, even though Tony could probably see right through his act. “I only…when I saw the ice begin to appear I panicked, and I didn’t know how to stop. It’s never happened to me before today, at least not while I was awake.”
Steve turned the wording Jarvis used over in his mind.
“Yes, Phil, told me everything, but I want to hear it from you.”
He couldn’t do this. He had thought—stupidly,
Steve blinked, confused, and pulled his gaze away from Peggy, who was being pushed away by a nurse, to glance at Tony. A peculiar expression was on his face, as if he had just realized something very important, and he was staring at something over Steve’s shoulder. When Steve turned to see what Tony was looking at, he saw Peggy, looking back to Tony, then turning around to face the front as she disappeared around a corner.
“Don’t get lost on your way,” she warned. “I might not be here the next time you think to stop by.”
“No.”
Steve tightened his grip on both the bag and the bouquet, and made his way over to the woman. When he came to a stop just behind her shoulder, he cleared his throat, said, “Excuse me, ma’am,” and she turned to see who was talking.
Now here he was, back from his trip, asking to talk to Steve away from any prying eyes and ears.
It had been a good month since he had woken up and ran out into the twenty-first century streets of New York. It had only been two weeks since his first meeting with the team.
.), Coulson quietly sat across from them, watching the two of them, a peculiar look on his face.
“Thank you, Peggy,” Steve pulled her into a hug, and she gently patted his back, “for everything.”
“She’s just over there, Mr. Rogers,” the receptionist stopped a ways away from a slightly hunched figure. “I’m not sure if you know this, but she’s got plenty of fire left in her, so don’t try and coddle her.” And then she left Steve.
“Yeah, yeah, we know,” Tony rolled his eyes. “Where ale pints never run dry and birds poop gold. It’s like living in Willy Wonka’s chocolate factory, and the Oompa Loompas are the Jotunheim, except bigger.”
“That’s not really how we handle things here,” Bruce was explaining to Thor. “When we mourn someone who’s died, there’s usually a lot of casseroles and other foods that are consumed. Comfort foods.”
“I suspected you might have some questions about your former…,” Fury paused before he said the word, “friends.”
(And it had seemed a bit peculiar, that they had been avoiding that place. Now he knew why.)
“Tomorrow?” Steve’s head snapped up, a panicked expression on his face. “But, that’s too soon. I don’t have time to—have time to—”
“I merely rectified Sir’s incorrect statement.”
Peggy smiled fondly, with a twinge of sadness, and answered, “His name was Gregory Parker. He was from here. We met a few years after you…” her voice wobbled slightly, “after you disappeared. He could be so foolish at times, and when we first met he pestered me until he was able to get himself a date. But I loved him very much.”
“She said she wanted to meet tomorrow, right?” Tony asked, bringing the scrap piece of paper with the address of the nursing home, up to his face, probably so he wouldn’t have to look at Steve. “I’ll arrange to have someone take you over in the morning, so you can have a few hours to talk.”
“When I saw you on that ice, it was really a miracle,” Coulson was saying. “Because how many people get to watch as their hero is thawed from ice after almost seventy years?”
“Oh don’t give me that sass.” Tony sat up and shook his finger at nothing. It was almost amusing. “Don’t forget who made you!”
In the time that had passed, Steve had learned many things. Though he had held off for a while, he had eventually taken the initiative to ask Jarvis to locate the graves of his friends, (since, for some odd reason, they hadn’t been included in the files Fury had given him) one at a time. He had visited them, prayed over their graves, and left. For each one he visited, it was nonsensically hard to take the first steps towards finding which exact headstone was theirs, but by the time he left, another tiny piece of Steve—a part of him that desperately longed for the comfort of all he had known—was stripped away. It left him a little bare, but feeling lighter.
Bucky didn’t have a grave, but after talking with Coulson, he had arranged for a memorial stone to be placed in a cemetery in Brooklyn.
The next day, while Tony was attempting to teach Steve how to scan and bring up three-dimensional images of his drawings, Clint came in and wordlessly held out his phone.
Maybe, just maybe, he wasn’t too late.
They had gone for hotdogs, then proceeded to take a ferry, go to a museum, and the Statue of Liberty. In truth, he had thought spending so much time in Tony’s company would be awkward, but it never happened. At one point, Coulson even appeared, and walked around with them for a while. Neither of them mentioned how much they had disliked each other on sight, and it was easy to imagine that the fight between them hadn’t even occurred. Tony handed him a StarkPhone at the end of the day (“Much better than that piece of crap SHIELD gave you,” Tony scoffed.), told him that there were only seven contacts in the phone, and, in case he had been wondering—which he hadn’t—Tony was speed-dial number one.
To avoid turning into the Hulk, Bruce ended up excusing himself before things got too ugly. Said it might ruin the party mood if the other guy showed up and started smashing things. Clint and Natasha egged Tony's "chugging" on, and Coulson, whom Steve had never seen consume more than a glass a day, kind of let loose, at least, in Coulson standards.
“Barton, get your feet off my table,” Tony said, cheerily, as a way of greeting.
Steve glanced over at Coulson, who was humming something under his breath, as an idea came to mind. It mind be silly, but…“If I wanted to find someone who wasn’t from around here, would you be willing to help me?”
“Nothing.”
“Hm?”
Steve stepped inside the office, and closed the door behind him. He put his hands behind his back, and waited for further permission to speak.
They got into the car. Tony cracked his knuckles, said, “Okay, let’s blow this popsicle stand,” and started to put the key in the ignition. Steve stopped him.
“Call me if you need anything,” he said, and Steve nodded. “I brought my tablet, so I’m just going to sit out here and work some.”
“How long ago did he pass away?”
“Oh. Hm,” Tony hummed for a moment. In the meantime, Steve had made his way across the room to where there was a bar counter set up. Coulson had poured himself a glass of something clear, and Steve shook his head when the man silently offered him some.
“Yes, yes thank you, Steven.”
“I,” Steve cleared his throat and straightened his spine, “I’m here to see a Mrs. Margaret Parker.”
Steve had spent the first few days attempting to do the same thing he had done at SHIELD, which was, essentially, nothing except draw. On the fourth day, Tony had burst into his room, forced him to get dressed, and dragged him outside.
Eventually, Steve broke the kiss, but he didn’t go far.
Steve Rogers stared at the regulation, white walls of his SHIELD quarters. Over in a corner, a small radio played jazz music, and in another corner sat an iron desk, scattered with drawings and sketches.
“What are you working on?” Steve gestured to the tablet that had been set down.
Not the Howling Commandos.
Steve opened his mouth to say something—anything—when Tony looped an arm around the back of his neck, and pulled him back down for another kiss.
“Tony.”
Before he left, Steve turned to Tony, who had, surprisingly, remained mostly quiet.
“Amazing,” Steve whispered, in awe.
they had. He doesn't see them much around SHIELD HQ.)
“For me?” He asked confused.
“Tony?”
Steve’s fingers tightened around the paper, and he almost wanted to yank the rest of it clear out,
“Jarvis?”
She looked at him, a gentle expression on her face. Steve was glad he asked.
Steve glanced back down at his sketch. It was simple, just a few glaciers and a span of ice that made up the ground. But there was an area in the ground where the ice jutted awkwardly, as if something large had plunged through it. It was how he had imagined the aftereffect of his dive into the Arctic would look to an observer.
Just outside of Amherst, Steve had Tony stop so he could pick out a bouquet of flowers to present to Peggy. The shopkeeper, whose name was Sharon, greeted him cheerfully and helped him pick out the right kind, once he told her he was going to visit an old friend. He eventually settled on a set of yellow roses that were just beginning to bloom. Tony tried to pay for it, claiming he had more than enough money, but Steve refused.
“Ms. Romanoff entered an override code,” the AI answered crisply. “I had no choice but to let her inside, sir.”
Steve chuckled and, after stealing another short kiss withdrew. He pressed a hand down on his hair in an attempt to flatten it, since it had gotten a little messy when Tony had run his hands through it.
“Thank you, everyone, for agreeing to come to Peggy’s funeral, even though you didn’t know her,” Steve said sincerely. “I would have liked you all to meet her, and it’s unfortunate that this is how it happened.”
and he held on tight and finally allowed himself to cry with her.
“I was held hostage for a while, in Afghanistan.” Was Tony’s way of greeting.
After Steve had detailed his hesitation over Peggy, and how it had only just occurred to him that since she was European, she might not be in America anymore, Coulson folded his hands.
As they came to a stop a few moments later, he realised what he had done. He had just let go of it; of what he used to be. And he was alright with that.
“Captain, I…” Coulson sighed. “Steve, she passed away last night. Not too soon after six.”
Steve saw the phone, over all that Tony had already done, as a symbol of his first honest gesture towards him. He figured it was alright, now, if they classified as friends.
He blinked and swung around. The crisp, British tones bounced off the walls, coming from everywhere and nowhere. Coulson stepped past him, not looking surprised in the least.
Peggy, so different from how he had known her, but also exactly the same, asked one thing of him, and he couldn’t help but consent. He owed it to her.
“S-Steven.” Her voice was thin, weak, but he could hear her loud and clear.
“Captain Rogers?”
, and he winced slightly, rubbing the area with his hand. In some ways, Tony reminded Steve of Peggy.
“Thanks Tony,” Steve told him, grateful that Tony would be there supporting him, even if he wasn’t nearby.
It had been three weeks since Steve had been allowed to leave SHIELD. Since then, he’d finally had the chance to look around New York properly. (Going through Time Square was still a bit of an issue, though.) After Tony had all but forced him to stay in Stark Tower
“Thank you, Peggy,” he whispered. “Thank you for holding on long enough to give me the shove that I needed. You always knew what to say to make me pick my head up and pay attention.”
“But enough about me,” Peggy smiled softly, and stroked the petals of the flowers. “Tell me what happened to you. That nice, young fellow in the suit—”
“I thought you might enjoy listening to these, as well,” he said softly, handing them over to her.
It took a while before they stopped crying. Every time Peggy would calm down, she would look at his face, and would start all over again. Steve wound down first, taking deep, shuddery breaths to calm himself, but remained engulfed in Peggy’s fragile arms, doing an awkward kneel/crouch.
“Don’t be such a baby,” Natasha sniffed.
“Nah, it’s cool,” Tony waved a hand, much like Peggy had earlier, as they stepped outside. “Old people give me hives and other unmentionable side effects, especially when they’re all former SHIELD agents.”
After Thor had shown up (“It is very good indeed to be back in the company of great friends! We shall celebrate this occasion with drink!”) and they filled him in on their missions, Tony had emerged from his lab a few hours later with the promise of getting drunk. Steve and Bruce had highly disapproved—not only that he was drinking heavily, but because Tony hadn’t had anything to eat that day besides coffee and that certainly wasn’t good for his stomach—but were ignored.
Tony slanted his eyes in Natasha’s direction.
And then there was Peggy.
Steve gave him his best disapproving look, and Tony apologized to Coulson for implying he was a dog.
Natasha brushed her hand across his shoulder in a comforting gesture. No one said anything for a few minutes after that, until someone did.
Steve smiled.
“Sir, I was wondering if I could ask a favour,” Steve began. “There’s…there was this woman--”
Tony slumped back on the couch and craned his head to look over at Steve. Coulson was talking in a low voice on the phone—most likely Fury or Maria Hill—so he missed the near-childish grin that was directed his way.
, and a tiny part of him was angry about it. There was no reason to be, really, he knew. Besides, he had left them first.So despite his selfish anger, it was a big comfort, knowing that Dernier, Morita, and Dugan had died of natural causes, and that everyone had lived long enough to see the end of the war, at least.
“Don’t do that,” Peggy spoke softly. Her eyes were intent on his face, as if she could make him understand what she was saying thorugh the force of them. “Stay right here, in this time. Don’t dwell on the past, Steven. You can move on; you’re ready now.”
“Yes, that’s me,” Steve confirmed.
The air left his lungs at hearing the three words that immediately sprouted from Coulson’s mouth.
“Hm?”
If anything, the dread he felt had increased in the time he had spent avoiding opening it.
“No, Tony,” Steve said, voice firm. “You’re going to eat at your kitchen table tonight. You need to take a break from your work.”
and it was as if, by deciding to stay at Stark Tower, they had brought the bad guys with them.
When Steve and Peggy had met again a few days ago, he had been happy to finally get the dance he had waited so long to receive. It was his first. But it had been Peggy’s last.
A great pressure released itself from Steve at that moment, one he had carried ever since he had opened his eyes and asked,
Hours passed as he talked, and Peggy sat and listened, often breaking in to contribute her own thoughts or to share a story, and when he was finally finished, Peggy grasped one of his hands between hers.
“A bold move, for a bold young man,” Tony said, and Steve ducked his head to hide his smile.  When he looked back up, he found Tony smiling at him, his eyes warm.  “Let’s see just how he handles this.”
Sam watched Bucky go, one eyebrow arched.  “I mean, you are living with worse,” he said.  His head rolled in Steve’s direction. “I can still get you a spot in the barracks.”
Ty leaned back in his chair.  “They realized my latest papers aren’t up to my usual standards,” he said with a wry twist to his lips.  “Almost like someone else wrote them.”
“Fuck you, Stark,” the archer replied, just as cheerfully.
“Yeah, yeah, enough with the chick flick, girly feelings.” But even as Tony said this, his countenance softened. “Just wipe your face before someone notices that you’re crying. I’m pretty sure it’s a capital offence to make Captain America cry, and Pepper can’t afford to do any more damage control for me right now.”
“Do you ever see him?” Before he had even finished his sentence, Peggy was shaking her head.
He smiled.
He recognized her instantly. Even though she had long turned grey, and her piercing brown eyes had been tinged with milky white. Even though she was much more frail, and was sitting in a wheelchair. The determined glint in her eyes, the strong set of her jaw, gave it away. It was Peggy. His Peggy.
Not, Steve thought, washing his hands and opening the door to the bathroom, that Coulson was likely to remember anything in the morning. He had been intoxicated at the time, after all.
“Sorry, I honestly hadn’t planned on doing that,” he explained, trying to even his breathing, though Tony didn’t look as if he minded the kiss too much. “I only wanted to let you know how I—that I—I like you, Tony.”
“Alright. Tony,” he corrected. “About what I said—it was my first time—,”
“You—,” Peggy started, then had to start over when her voice failed her. “You turn up after sixty-seven years with flowers and expect a girl to forgive you?”
Steve looked around as his friends argued and bickered, and couldn’t help but smile. His gaze shifted to Peggy’s grave.
“Good morning!” The receptionist chirped. “How can I help you today?”
“We are going to see New York, starting with some hotdogs from one of those carts. Then, we’ll just wing it. I’ve learned that planning things too far in advance doesn’t really work for me.”
When Steve blushed, Natasha elbowed Clint in the side, hard.
He shrugged, “Hacked SHIELD’s database, you know, all that cool stuff.”
“Supernanny, Stark. Don’t forget that.”
Tony didn’t even pause from what he was working on, and Steve sighed. When he wasn’t wandering around, half-crazed from loss of sleep and too much caffeine, he was down in his workshop. Steve thought his dedication to his work, his ability to create, was very awe inspiring. He hated interrupting Tony when he was focused so intensely, but he also didn’t want Tony to get sick because he wasn’t treating his body correctly.
“Trumpin’ Trombone Miller?” Peggy smiled fondly. “Of course. He was unforgettable. Why do you ask?”
“And Rogers? Try not to step on my feet. They’re flat enough, without your assistance.”
Peggy had gotten married.
But to him, it wasn’t too long ago that they had talked, made plans, and he had wanted to—when the war was over he had planned on—
—if he hoped hard enough, they would still be alive. Obviously, his wishing had done nothing in the past except gotten him thrust into the future and all of his friends dead.
Steve drew in a sharp breath and his hand froze.
Tony’s soft voice broke him from his thoughts, and he opened his eyes to look over. The others had started their way back to the cars. Tony found his hand, squeezed it.
Natasha tilted her head and looked at a black duffle bag sitting next to Coulson.
Every person, every friend he had made during the war. Their lives were right in front of him, packaged tight in a folder, from beginning to end.
still talking with Pepper?”
“I’m pretty sure Peggy was about as ‘fair’ pushing a hundred as Natasha is now,” Clint snickered, and wasn’t quick enough to dodge the jab to ribs. “Ow! Coulson, Natasha poked me!”
Steve gritted his teeth, and closed his eyes. Had she known?
“What do you expect me to do about it, Barton?” Coulson asked, sounding not the least bit interested in Clint’s problems. “Romanoff, at least wait until we get back to the Tower to start smearing his blood all over the place. The stains would be impossible to explain in my report otherwise.”
“You…you…” And Peggy began to weep. Tears trickled down her wrinkled face, and silent sobs shook her shoulders. He had never, not once, seen Peggy cry, she had always been a strong woman, but seventy years of silence, of believing him to be dead, was her breaking point, it seemed.
He should have known, damn it. He should have
Steve stepped out cautiously, wondering who he could talking to, when a voice responded, “Very good, sir. Would you like to hear your voice messages?”
“Are you
When Peggy was finally able to look at him long enough without bursting into tears, he patted her back a few more times, and withdrew. His face was probably red and blotchy, but he couldn’t hold back the smile that broke across his face, which was hesitantly returned. He pulled a chair up so he could sit in front of her, and set the roses in her lap.
Steve made a sympathetic noise.
“You Midgardians do not drink when your companions pass?” Thor sounded disappointed, then confused. “The culture here is very different from my homeland.”
“It’s a pleasure to see you again, Captain,” Coulson responded, his usually cool, even tone slightly sped up.
“Fine,” he grumbled. He set the torch down to the side, pulled of his gloves, and started for the door. “What’s to eat, Cap? It better be a roasted pig, with the apple in its mouth and the whole nine years, otherwise there will be serious consequences for pulling me away like this.”
“Please, call me Steve.”
They got back in the car and continued on to the nursing home, the little machine (that sounded suspiciously a lot like Jarvis) directing their every move. When they were told they were just down the street, Steve’s breathing hitched and his fingers tightened around the flower stems.
Steve liked to think he was adjusting the future pretty well—certainly better than Thor, who, after three months in the Tower, still didn’t know how to cook something without smashing or burning being involved—but Jarvis never failed to make him feel slightly unsettled during their first few seconds of conversation, especially when he started one out of nowhere. Like now.
“Very good, Captain. I shall inform him immediately.”
Steve was still getting use to that.
Steve furrowed his brows for a moment, then sighed. He had planned for their next encounter to go a bit differently, mainly, with him apologising for his behaviour during their first meeting. The truth was, Tony was so much like his father (including the “fondue” bit, which was a realisation that only occurred after he’d had a chance to look up the meaning of the word “playboy”) that it had unsettled him deeply when they met for the first time; he couldn’t have stopped the words that had flowed from his mouth if he tried. When he had later heard about Howard’s attempts to find him, and his neglect of Tony as a result, Steve had felt ashamed for the cruel words he had spoken. His mother had taught him better than that. He vowed he would make it up to Tony, somehow.
Steve gulped.
Steve had met supervillians in spandex and giant slimy squids and even vicious mannequins so far, and, between SHILD debriefs, planning, and working out in the gym Tony had designed a while ago, but apparently never used, he hadn’t spent too long thinking about Peggy.
A good two and a half weeks had gone by since Clint and Natasha had come over to drop his bag off and just decided to stay
With a sigh, Tony switched off the blowtorch and pushed the goggles on his face up to his hairline, making the hair there stick up.
One morning, after a particularly nasty fight with Doctor Doom (which had prompted a surprise visit from Bruce Banner, who afterwards, also decided to take up residence in the Tower), Steve sat at the kitchen table. He was eating a bowl of oatmeal, and looking at the thin, manila envelope Natasha had brought along with the rest of his things, that would tell him whether or not Peggy was still alive.
“Never, sir.”
Peggy ran a hand reverently over the covers and pressed her lips together, as if trying not to cry again.
When the doors finally slid open, Tony swept past the two of them, calling, “Honey! I’m home!”
“There’s something you need to see, like, right now."
Nick Fury glanced up from his paperwork, his one eye searching his face intently before dropping back down. Steve stood straight, at attention, face carefully composed, yet he felt that every thought he had entertained that day had been extracted in the one cursory glance.
Steve grinned, kissed her on the cheek, and stood up to leave. The room had emptied out, and Steve couldn’t resist one last look over his shoulder as he pushed open the doors leading to the entrance hallway.
and that
“No, thank you. You’ve made an old woman very happy.”
His team.
“Jarvis,” Tony shrugged. Steve noticed he still had grease smudges on his hands, as if he had dropped whatever he was doing to leave his workshop and come to the cafe. As if he was concerened about Steve. “If you want to keep a secret, the last thing you should have done was tell my
“Thanks, you don’t know how much this means to me,” he said, and Tony’s eyes widened in horror when Steve had to use the handkerchief again.
“For someone in your position, it would be natural to ask after them. It was only a matter of time, although I must say this was later than anticipated.” He opened one of the drawers at his desk and withdrew a manila envelope. It was still sealed, and Fury didn’t even look at it, as he slid it across the table for Steve to take.
Steve set the papers down.
“Cap? Hey, Cap! You’ve got be breathe, Steve!” Tony gave him a firm shake, causing him to blink several times. “You have got to stop doing that. You’re a super solider, not a human-fish mutant, or whatever.”
Tony turned his face towards Steve’s, and swallowed again. For a brief moment, Steve had a flash of doubt, then saw the tiniest flicker of something unnamable in Tony’s eyes. Steeling his nerves, Steve smoothly slid the hand grasping Tony’s wrist, up his arm and came to stop at his jaw. He cupped it gently. Then, Steve kissed him.
He had been left alone. For the first time since waking up, Steve was grateful for the time to himself. Usually, the people around SHIELD gave him a fairly wide berth, unless they needed something, and Steve had hated it at first. He hadn't wanted to be left alone to think about what had happened.
Tony didn’t notice until they had pulled into parking lot and stopped the car that Steve seemed to be having some sort of problem getting his lungs to function.
In the packet, there were three more sheets of paper. They were the ones he most desperately wanted to see, and dreaded seeing.
“Peggy?” He turned back to her, and she tore her gaze away from the Glenn Miller records. “Do you think…Is it too late to ask for that date now?”
“It’s good to see you again, ma’am,” he shook Natasha’s hand, and the corners of her mouth pulled up about a centimeter. For her, that was smiling.
By the time they got back to Stark Tower, Coulson had returned from a mission he had disappeared off to a few days previously, and he had brought guests.
There was a tiny bell sound and the three of them rode up to the top floor in silence. It was awkward, at least for him. Tony was tapping furiously on his tiny cellular phone, and Coulson seemed to be fidgeting with something inside his jacket. Steve hoped it wasn’t a gun.
“Yes, Jarvis?” Steve dropped his pencil and flexed his fingers. He could do with a break anyways.
For almost a week, they just toured the New York sites. When Steve had finally gathered his courage after a few days, he asked if they could go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Tony had all but beamed and exclaimed, “Now we’re getting somewhere, Cap! I thought you’d never ask.”
He closed his eyes. They were dry, but his throat was tight and uncomfortable.
“Tony,” Steve interrupted. And he thought about how Peggy had told him at one point that he should take the time he had and use it wisely, especially when it came to love, because you never knew when you were going to come by it again, if you would.
“That’s Agent to you, Stark.”
“What? Yeah, sure,” he muttered absently, and Steve almost couldn’t hear it over the sound of the blowtorch Tony was handling. “Just leave it.”
Tears filled her eyes, and she grasped at his hand.
“Sorry, but I don’t want your litter on the roof of my tower. You should know better, seeing as you’re Mr. Goody Two American Shoes. Don’t you advertise against that kind of stuff? You’re lucky there's no press around, they would have a field day with this.” He rambled, and Steve tried to focus on what he was saying, but his wrist seemed to be burning where Tony had touched him, which was ridiculous. “Geez, Cap, I know you want to get rid of it, but wait until you get back inside at least.”
Tony’s Adam’s apple bobbed slightly as he swallowed. He made a weak attempt at rescuing his wrist from Steve’s grasp, gave up after a few seconds. “It’s not a problem, Rogers. It’s not like I get a chance to drive any of my babies for trips farther than the city outskirts. Unless Pepper’s angry because if Pepper’s angry, then that means Not So Good things for me, and in that case anything and anyplace is fair game--”
So Steve told her from the beginning, leaving nothing out, what had happened when he had woken up. He told her about the fake room he had awoken in, to bursting outside and straight into Time Square. How he had been tested for days and restricted from leaving SHIELD until they allowed him, and how, even after he was allowed, he didn’t want to. He told her about the Avengers, described each one of them in detail, right from the moment he met each one of them. She listened seriously as he told her about The Avengers Initiative, and laughed lightly when he told her about their wild crazy times at Stark Tower, where everyone had their own specially designed rooms on separate floors, yet most nights of the week they ended up falling asleep on the living room furniture sprawled across one another. And he told her about Tony.
She had made him promise to meet up for a dance. Now, he was too—
“Sorry, you’re not really my type.” Tony turned to Natasha, who merely arched a brow. He blanched. “I don’t like being stabbed, so I’m not going to say anything about how your dirty boots are ruining the cushions.”
Steve could barely contain his surprise when Tony stepped out the driver’s seat of the sleek black car.
A few tears slid down Steve’s cheeks as Peggy’s casket was lowered into the ground. She had requested to be buried next to her husband, and Tony, who had offered to pay for any costs that had risen, made it happen.
“Right.” Steve nodded sharply, head already looking down at the ground so he could watch his feet.
“I believe that Ms. Potts is currently the CEO of Stark Enterprises,” the voice responded, its tone more than a little reproving.
“Next time,” he promised.
Steve was learning more and more every day that passed, but this AI (he'd have to see what that stood for later) was something entirely different. Machines that could not only do anything you asked, but talk as well? It had its only personality?
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“No offence, Cap, but I don’t understand why this had to be all hush, hush. You could have told any one of us, or at least, any one of us that wasn’t Coulson.  I know the guy is, like, your biggest fan and you might feel bad if you don’t stop and pet him occasionally, but we could have helped you find your girlfriend.” And even if Steve imagined the hurt that shone briefly in Tony’s eyes at hearing that he had spilled his secrets to Coulson instead of him, it was still comforting. “We wouldn’t have judged you or anything, even if the seventy year time gap is a little weird. Okay, it’s more than a little weird, it’s downright creepy, but, hey, some people go for that kind of thing.”
Now, the only person left was Peggy.
“I’m sorry it took so long, but,” Coulson slid a small square of folded paper across the table, “here it is.”
“Mr. Stark,” Steve started, a frown working a way onto his face as Tony began thumbing through the drawings on his desk.
“Thank you, Captain Rogers,” Jarvis replied.
There was a long pause, then Steve reached to crumple the drawing. He didn’t really know why he had drawn it in the first place.
, Steve felt his chest do that weird prickly tightening thing it had started doing when he got around Tony. It had taken Steve a while to realise that he used to feel a similar sensation after he got to know Peggy. Looking Tony in the face had been a bit awkward for the first few days after he made the connection, and when he stammered Clint and Tony teased him mercilessly, but he had since accepted what he felt and hoped Tony would never notice. He couldn’t afford to lose his friend—his best friend, he realised Tony was becoming..
Something within him eased.
When he got back to the living room, Natasha and Thor were still lying in their respective chairs, and Clint had curled himself up at Coulson’s feet, like a cat. Tony sat propped up against a wall, a tablet dangling from his fingers, and mouth hanging open.
He pushed a few of the chairs and tables out of the way to make a little more room for them. When he came back to Peggy’s side, she lifted her hands, placed one on his shoulder, and then clutched one of his hands with the other.
“What are you doing here, Stark?” He asked suspiciously.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, finally closing the door behind him. They made their way to the reception desk, where he had to sign his name again. “I’m sorry I made you wait so long. We got to talking and time really flew by.”
Peggy and Steve sat together for a few minutes, this time in silence. Eventually, Steve looked around for a clock, to check and see what time it was. The hands said the time was four forty-five. He had fifteen minutes before visiting hours were over.
They spent a better part of the day there, and for once, Tony didn’t take out his phone or some other electronic to distract himself with.
“Yeah, actually.” The man stepped closer, hands tucked into his pockets, and smiled mischievously. “I’m here to bust to you out.”
“Are they all from Pepper?” He asked, wrinkling his nose. “Because if they are, you can go ahead and delete them. She really needs to get used to how I run my company.”
A drunken shout drew both of their eyes back to Clint and Tony. Natasha had Clint in some sort of headlock with her legs, and Tony had slung an arm over Thor’s shoulders as the man taught him an Asgardian drinking song. Steve couldn’t help but smile at the picture his friends made.
It turned out to be that springing Steve from SHIELD HQ was a lot more difficult than Tony had made it seem initially. There were a lot of raised voices, threats, pouting, and bribing, all of which were performed by Tony.
Just then, in the middle of remembering how, on one particular occasion, she had smiled at him so prettily, with her deep red lips and dark eyes, and had he just wanted to
“So I asked Coulson to see if he could find her, in case she was buried oversees somewhere,” Steve finished.
She pulled away first, gradually made her way over to her chair. When she had sat down, she looked up at Steve.
“Phil Coulson,” he supplied.
Tauntingly, Natasha rubbed her boots around on the fabric of the couch she was reclined on.
Slowly, carefully, he eased the first paper out inch by inch, so he could read one line at a time:
Jarvis paused before answering, his tone thoughtful. “Sir has never displayed this kind behaviour previously, but, yes, Captain Rogers, for you, it did seem to be just that simple.”
“Hey, Phil—”
“You’re mom’s jealous.”
“Pardon?”
“A few years back. My oldest son, Benjamin, had us placed here long before that, but when Gregory died, he stopped visiting.” Peggy’s tone was bitter.
Steve vaguely wondered if Nick Fury even had friends. For some reason, he didn’t really seem to be the type.
Steve stepped over Clint, who was sprawled on the ground, and tried to quietly make his way to the bathroom.
Tony sighed. “How many times do I have to tell you to charge your phone at night?”
“You need to eat.”
“Tony, I—,” Steve rubbed the back of his neck, cheeks slightly pink, “I can’t impede on your hospitality. I can come back to visit some other time, if you’d like.”
“Steven, I can’t say how much this means to me,” she said, sounding grateful. “I’d always known you were a strong person, even before you took the serum, and I’m happy that you survived; that you can help defend our country now as you did before.”
“And sometimes,” Tony continued on as if he hadn’t spoken, “when I’m in the water too long, I panic. I was tortured, dunked into water a lot, when I refused to build stuff for them. So, I get it, Cap. Really, I do.”
“As your mobile phone is currently dead, Agent Coulson has asked me to inform you that he has come across some research that might interest you,” Jarvis told him, and Steve’s heart leapt into his throat. “He was wondering if you might be available to discuss things at the coffee shop down the street.”
Steve took a deep breath.  “Move away from the windows, Mr. Stark.”
“Steve?”  Tony smoothed Steve's hair down, his fingers as light as he could make them.  But Steve shifted, his head turning into the pressure of Tony's hand.  His eyes opened, and he squinted up at Tony.
“A wonderful reward,” Jarvis said.  He glanced at DJ, his face relaxing into a smile.  “Come along then, young sir, and we'll begin preparations immediately.”
Everyone looked at him.  Including DJ.  Tony raised a beseeching look towards the ceiling.  “Does anyone else have demands they’d like to make of me right now?”
“Anything to make you stop saying Deathclaw.  Okay.  I’ll finish the calculations.  Just this once.”  Dummy rolled over, leaning his support strut against Tony’s side, and Tony ran an affectionate hand over his head.  “Get off, you’re getting oil all over me.  Go.  Clock’s ticking, gears-for-brains.”
"It'll work!" Peter said, darting back to the table.
“No.”
It took a few tries, but he managed to get Tony to sit down on the side of the bed, Steve's hands braced on his shoulders to keep him from getting back up.  “Do you need something to drink?  An aspirin?”
“She’s a miracle worker,” Tony said, peeking under one domed lid.  The steam that wafted up carried the scent of fried onions and seared peppers.  His stomach grumbled, and he put it back down.
"Did he now?" Tony asked.  He looked over at DJ, who was sitting in the chair next to the cat.  "Is this true?"
DJ considered his hands.  Then he held them up towards Tony.  "So that's what color your skin should be," Tony said.  "I never knew.  What with the paint and the grease and the filth."  Unconcerned, DJ grinned up at him, and Tony smiled back.  "What do you say, bratbot?"
He smiled.  “But God, I wanted to.”
“Pretty decent?” Clint asked Natasha, his voice incensed.
Bobbi and Clint exchanged a glance with each other.  Happy made a show of taking a sip of his coffee.  Jarvis continued polishing a silver tea pot that absolutely did not need polishing.  Rhodey didn’t look up from his book.
Eventually, Sam or Bucky would catch up to him, both of them muttering dark things under their breath as they cantered up behind him.  Steve had done his best not to smile as he roped them into picking apples that hung, heavy and tempting, over the road, or helping him patch up a collapsed stone wall.
Steve closed the gap, and the kiss was exactly what Tony needed.  “Now,” Steve breathed against Tony’s mouth, “what’s this I hear about a wedding?”
He stopped, worry sweeping over him.  "Wait.  Did I marry you?"
Okoye smiled.  “Knives or bare fists?”
“I know, I didn’t think he liked hockey,” she said, her head tipping to the side, her eyes narrowing, “maybe he does, or maybe it’s just-” She made an ‘I don’t know’ gesture, half shrug, half wave.  “Sports?”
Steve smiled back, and it held no humor.  “The law’s the law,” he said, in a tone that sounded mocking, even to him.
Steve glanced at him, and Tony gave him a wry smile.  “Most of my worth is tied up in companies, land and other physical and intellectual property assets.  I can borrow against a lot of that, but it’s not a quick process.”  For a moment he was silent, his head tipped towards the window.  “Luckily, I still have a few favors I can call in, if it comes to that, but everything takes time.”
“See?” Shuri said to Okoye, gesturing at her brother.  “This is the encouragement I need to grow and thrive.”
The urge to fly was never far from his mind.
“Breathe, darling,” Darcy said, popping a gummy bear into her mouth.
She leaned over, one arm braced on her upraised knee.  “Would I do that?”
Tony knew what that was like.  “Of all my traits to inherit,” he said, settling DJ back on the couch, “you had to choose the insomnia.  C'mon kid, what are you thinking?”  He glanced up at DJ's bed, but trying to move him seemed like a bad idea.  Instead, he started moving the rest of the junk off of the couch.  “This is pretty much the worst thing you could choose.”
Shuri took it with a smile.  “My horizons are limitless,” she said, taking a neat little bite.
“Can I get a tiara?” she asked.
“Yes, we will, we just need a disguise,” Clint said, cutting around a column.  The car was waiting and he wrenched the back door open, tossing the unicorn into the trunk.  “Everyone in.”
Tony grinned against his mouth.  “Takes effort.  Here.  We’re-”
“No, Parker’s supposed to come back for them,” Tony said, peeling a thin thread of cheese from the edge of his sandwich.  “He was supposed to come back for them this morning, but did he remember?”
“Damn straight,” Isaiah grumbled.  He slammed the bowl into the sink with a pleased nod.  “Boy still knows his damn place.”
Tony took the box from him with both hands, cradling it between his palms.  “I love you,” he said, and it hit Steve like a body blow, knocking the breath from his lungs.
A beat.  Then, “You mad?”
"Growing pains," Ed said, heating milk with a wide grin.  "I spent the summer I turned thirteen in the fetal position, hating every bone in my body.  Growth spurts are a bitch."  He tamped down the grounds with a sideways flick of his wrist.  DJ braced himself against flinching as the machine let out a high pitched whine that only ever seemed to bother him.  Ed never even seemed to notice, despite his proximity to the machine.  Maybe he was used to it, as unlikely as that seemed to DJ.
“I…  Forgot something,” Bruce said, and he was such a painfully bad liar that hearing him try gave Tony a headache every time.
“And that’s how you got hired,” Steve said.  Clint spread his arms wide.  “That’s insanity.  You know that.”
“I do enjoy being the last resort of a desperate man,” Tony said, flicking a holographic structure away with one hand.  “Jay, drop the volume and load up something from the ‘old tunes for an old man’ list.”  The music trailed away, and when it came back, it was a driving jazz track.  Tony’s head tipped forward.  “Better?”
“I can’t recommend the training program,” Wanda said to Darcy, her eyes dancing.  “The instructor is very abusive.”
“Perhaps not, sir.” Jarvis scooped up the books, tucking them into a neat pile.  “I’ll just put them on the shelf for now.  To keep them out of the way until young Mister Parker does return to collect them.”
Coulson pinched the bridge of his nose, his eyes squeezing shut.  “I asked one thing of every single one of you.  To.  Stay.  Put.”
Steve picked up his coffee.  “No, you don’t,” he said, pushing DJ’s hair back.  “You don’t need to buy anything, Deej.  No one expects you to do that.   You could make a macaroni necklace, and your dad would be happy.”
Agatha held up a hand.  “Do you know who laid the curse, for a lack of a better world?” she asked.  “Who laid the spell on him, to begin with?”
“I let Clea get me to Vegas, THEN I took off on my own to find you,” Tony pointed out.
“When?” DJ asked.
“And he showed up, with Rhodey and Happy in tow, to spring me.”  She patted a tree as they passed, her palm firm on the bark.  “I still remember that.  Sitting there, in that holding cell, too numb to be scared.  Too resigned.  Too jaded.
Tony took the pills with a swig of water.  “I'd prefer to have sex, honestly.”
“That, too,” Bruce said.  “Bobbi's still down in the greenhouse, finishing with the samples.”
“Most things are,” Tony admitted, staring helplessly at the ceiling.
“You brought Barton,” Tony said.
“Not on purpose,” Bruce said.  He adjusted his glasses on his nose.  “This could be a problem.  We, we know that right?”
“It does, and you’re clearly the one to demonstrate it.”  Pepper pointed at Steve.  “Now do him.”
“Come out here right now so I can fire you!” she yelled.
Drew groaned, but stood up.  “What am I supposed to do?  Discuss the Einstein–Podolsky–Rosen paradox with them?”
He'd been expecting it, but there was no way to prepare himself for it.  DJ was buried under in a blanket, as if he was trying to hide, trying to make himself bigger the only way he knew how.
Tony nodded.  “Were they dicks about not having reservations, when we were fully booked for tonight roughly eighteen months ago?”
It was wrong, and it was right, or maybe it was both.  Steve found he didn't really care any longer.  He reached out, grabbing Tony's hand.  “Lead the way.”
Strange’s mouth went flat.  “It’s possible,” he said.
“You’re not what I was expecting, either,” he said.  “Swear to me.  That whatever you’re doing, when you jump my fence and disappear, that you’re not risking your life for me.”
DJ stared up at him, his eyes and nose red.  His grip wasn’t steady, so Tony held onto the cup for him, guiding it to his lips.  DJ drank, a few quick, greedy gulps, before pushing it away, his head falling back on Tony’s shoulder.  But he was calming down now, and Tony let him, waiting until the sobs tapered away to rough gasps.
“Do not feed the cat at the table,” Jarvis said, giving Tony a look out of the corner of his eyes.
“And she wasn’t even our favorite,” Carol said.
As the steward unloaded the tray from the room service cart, Steve cast around the room, trying to remember where his jacket had fallen last night.  He retraced his steps, heading through the bedroom towards the bathroom.  “Tony, have you seen-”
Okoye’s eyes rolled up at the sky, but a faint smile still clung to the edges of her mouth.  “I imagine you will bear up nobly, your Highness.”
She nodded, folding up into herself. “Steve?” He looked at her, and she arched her eyebrows. “Did you ever tell him?”
Harris considered him.  “No,” he admitted, and Clint grinned at him.
Jarvis pushed the door open, waving Steve in.  "Based on what you said, I thought perhaps this room might be a better match for our young guest."
“It didn’t,” DJ said.
“Yeah, you would.”  Bucky gave the stones of the hearth a kick, muttering something obscene under his breath as he swung the pot away from the fire.  “This whole thing’s coming down on our heads in the middle of the night, you know it is,” he grumbled.
The cat arched up into his hand, then hopped off the table, walking across the living room and heading for the suite door.  DJ stood up.  He glanced at Harris.  “Should I-” he started as the cat slipped around the corner.
“But do you remember how to read it?”  Shuri grinned at him, her brilliant eyes dancing.
Tony leaned back against the bench, his head tipped to the side.  "How, exactly, are you still employed as a public servant?" he asked, amused despite himself.
“Surrender.  Or be destroyed,” the robot said, the monotone somehow more threatening than a more natural delivery.
“It’s not really reassuring, no,” Steve said, but he was smiling, just a little, as he folded the note back up. “Tony-”
The words echoed in the room, in the silent, still space of the studio. And somewhere, far in the back of the room, in the shadows behind the cameras, someone started to clap. It was slow, deliberate, hands coming together with a great deal of force. One person clapping, and then, two. Three. Ellen was pounding her hands together, her head down, and Victor was clapping, his eyes bright behind the lenses of his glasses. Even Joy, giving into the peer pressure, tapped her palms together, a smile on her face.
“What would you do if I said no?” Jarvis asked.
“But you?” She tapped the armor schematic, right in the middle of the chest, and Tony resisted the urge to cover the arc reactor, his hand twitching upwards before he forced it back down to his side.  “You know enough to know what’s coming.  What waits.  What can happen.” Her eyes caught the light and Tony felt gooseflesh bloom across his arms.  “What will happen.”
“Yes, well, five minutes ago, you were on the floor of my kitchen, so I'm thinking you aren't up for that right now,” Steve pointed out.  Tony pouted at him, and Steve shook his head, trying to hide a smile.  "Do you want to watch something?  A movie?”
One eyebrow arched.  “You have any idea how quickly the talk of rebellion stopped, once you were named a prince of the realm?”
“Will you-”  Franklin made a face, his nose scrunching up.  “Will you tell us if you're not?”
Tony scraped a hand over his face.  "There's going to be consequences to this, Steve.  It's not like we get divorced-" Steve flinched, his body going tense in an instant.  Tony smiled at him.  "Sorry."
Darcy kicked out with her legs and rolled to her feet.  “Did you get me my-” Sitwell tossed a snack sized bag of Pretzel M&Ms at her, and she snagged them out of mid-air.  “Excellent.”  She leaned over, brushing a kiss against Harris’ cheek.  “Off to soothe the savage science department,” she said, her voice cheerful.
“I dislike your secrets,” Tony said, the words muffled in the side of Steve’s throat, and he shuddered.
Pepper's chin dipped in the slightest hint of a nod. "Do you have a better idea?"
Natasha slipped into step beside him.  “Where would be the fun in that?” she asked.  Her eyes slid in his direction, half hidden beneath the sweep of her lashes.  “So.”
Tony’s hand was as familiar as his own, now.  The flex of the bones and sinew, the stretch of his fingers, the hollow of his palm, Steve knew it all.  And yet, every single touch startled him.  Every time Tony tangled his fingers with Steve’s, it was a surprise.  Every sweep of his thumb and squeeze of his palm and pull of his hand confused him, in the best possible way.
“Yeah, Clark was at, uh, I think it was Empire University to cover one of Reed Richards' lectures.  He stepped out for some reason-”
Steve shifted his weight to the other side of bathtub, leaning away from Tony with a scowl.  “I’m not a child.”
“We would have less if you hadn't been avoiding it for the past few weeks,” Pepper said.  “Can you please remember your manners and thank Jan for coming out here so DJ will have something new to wear?”
“But still, I like math, and I bet you like math,” Peter said to DJ.  “Once you learn the rules, it’s very logical and that’s nice.  It’s nice for things to occasionally make sense, and you not a lot of things do in this world.”
“Great,” Carol said, her voice sardonic, as she snagged a man with a machine gun from the catwalk just to their right, slamming him hard into the wall.  “Is that thing in the middle of the room likely to go boom and splatter our DNA across several neighborhoods?”
They turned, and it was smooth and easy.  “Only you,” Steve breathed, and Tony laughed, soft and warm.
“Want a piggyback ride, sport?” Peter asked.  DJ nodded, and Peter crouched down to let him scramble onto his back.  “Ready?”
“That's comforting, thank you,” Ellen said.  “They're not denying it.”
“Whatever the deal they brokered, he likely didn’t get it all up front.  He had to do the work first, and he did.  He set the fire, and went to the gate.”  Steve looked at Tony, those brilliant blue eyes sharp.  “Here’s where the real guesswork begins.”
He slid off his stool, darting over to the tool chest.  An instant later, he turned around, the socket wrench held in one hand.  Tony grinned at him.  "Yes," he said, and DJ grinned back, his face going pink with something like pleasure, or maybe relief.  Tony held out a hand, and DJ bounced across the floor to give it to him.  Tony grabbed an old plan and flipped it over, spreading it blank side up over the workbench.  He grabbed a pencil.  "Socket wrench," he said, writing the words out in simple block printing, then tracing around the contours of the tool.  DJ boosted himself up, peering over the edge of the bench, his dark eyes bright.
Pepper’s eyes fluttered closed.  “Who do you think?” she asked.
It barely counted as a kiss, and it was the best kiss he’d ever had.
Tony was so tired he could barely breathe.  So tired that keeping his head up hurt.  But he looked at Sam.  “You got this?”
“I’ve-”  Steve smiled at him.  “I’ll figure it out.”
"No," Tony said, and that sounded like a whine, there was a distinctly whiny note to his voice just then.  He squinted down at the interlocking gears of the mechanism, trying to clear his vision. "No, I need my child labor.  Tiny.  Tiny hands.  Good for holding things.  It's..."  He stopped, not sure where he was going with that.  "Necessary," he managed at last.
Luke frowned.  "Wait, what-”
“Did you look at what I sent?” she asked, frustration making her voice tight.
He took a deep breath.  “Yes.”
“Probably,” she said, because she was bad at sugar coating things.  Her brow furrowed.  “Don't kiss him back.”
“We'll wait until they're not looking, and then we can smash it,” Stark said in a stage whisper.
"Not that one, I need-" Stark started, and Jarvis flipped the rod around, balancing it on his gloved palms.  Tony glared at him.  "Not that one."
Sam stopped, confusion slipping across his face.  As soon as it came, it was gone, and he gave Tony a look that Tony couldn't quite read.  “Debriefing," he said.  "Because that's the protocol."  He spread his hands.  "Unless you found someone else dumb enough to be third string quarterback for this crew."
“Yeah, but him first,” Bucky said, and Sam just laughed.  Bucky kicked his horse, and shot forward, cantering across the cobblestones for the center of the city.
“Yeah, well, that's what conventions are like,” Tony said, and Steve could hear the laughter in his voice.  “Spend the day meeting, greeting, networking and hustling.  Then spend the night getting drunk and showing off your stupidest kitchen tricks.”
“I am surrounded by betrayal,” T’Challa said to Steve.  “This.  This is how my kingdom falls.”
Steve grinned, warmth curling through him.  He should pull away.  He knew it.  But they were far from home, and, despite what they were wearing, no one was paying any attention to them.  Probably because there were people wearing things that were far more eye catching.  A man in what appeared to be a collection of mismatched leather pieces and two different feather boas passed by, going in the other direction, and Steve caught himself laughing, bright and real, at nothing in particular.
The single word whispered through his head, the letters rattling against each other.  DJ sucked in a breath, not sure when he’d last remembered to breathe.
“I need you to be a little less…  You,” Harris told him.
Which is why he kept it up, despite its horrible design.  He hated the fountain, all those finicky little pipes and delicate findings, all the pieces that had to be cleaned and maintained, and replaced with alarming frequency.  But when he turned it on, watching the marble basin fill with water, he could almost hear his mother's voice, the soft, sweet sound of her Italian lullabies and the even sweeter sound of her laughter.  So he fixed it, every time it failed, every time it clogged, every time it overflowed.
“Easy for you to say, you're not married to him,” Tony pointed out as Steve exited the coffee shop, pausing only long enough to hand a final miniature sunflower over to the security guard at the front door.  The man grinned down at it before tucking the flower into his shirt pocket.
Abby's head came up, her lips swollen from the force of kiss.  “He's not-”
“Not in this universe,” Harris mumbled.  “In this hotel suite.”  He sat up, tossing the pillow.  “On-” He pointed.  “The other side of that wall.  They’re right there.  They are two of them, TWO of them, and they’re RIGHT THERE.”
She was trying not to smile.  He could tell.  “For how long, exactly?”
“The commander likes to keep us moving, keep us visible,” Rhodes said, and started walking again.  “Keep the peace, watch for thieves, keep things calm.”  He gave a nod at a group of men who were standing on the corner, deep in discussion over something.  “Break up fights, deal with disputes.  You’ll be matched with a more experienced member of the guard for now.”  He caught Steve’s eye, his eyebrows arching.  “You’re expected to follow their lead.”
“If she chooses to lay waste to the scientific community, she will require no assistance,” Thor said.  He sounded
Then he launched himself upwards, the red metal boots roaring with a sudden, explosive burst of power, and he was airborne.
“Okay now,” DJ said, but he took Peter’s hand again, his fingers gripping tight to Peter’s hand.
"Knock, knock!"  Jan poked her head out the door, her eyebrows arching.  "Well, if isn't my favorite two people who are too dumb to come out of the rain."
“Know what wasn’t at home?” Steve asked.  His eyes opened, and Tony’s heart skipped a beat.  “You.”
Steve's fingers hovered over the wine list.  "Is that how you see this?" he asked, his voice quiet.  "That you're lying for me?"
“I did try to-”
“Yes, I took it back off,” he said.
DJ pointed.  “Knight,” he said, reaching for it.
Bruce peeked out.  “Orchids,” he said, with a slight smile.  “But you don’t need to-”
“Right.”  Tony let him go, letting Steve slip free of his grip.  “Now.”  Steve looked at him, and Tony gave him a bright smile.  “You’ll eat something now.”
“You do that,” Steve said, his eye caught by a familiar form cutting his way across the parking lot at a hard jog, his kitchen whites bright in the low light of the streetlamps.  As the woman wandered away, Peter darted up to Steve's window, his breath coming in quick bursts.
“It would be appreciated, sir.”
Peter’s head swung back towards DJ’s room, visible now as the door swung drunkenly on its hinges.  A glance, that’s all he allowed himself, but that was all he needed.  The bed had been upended, the blankets and sheets trailing across the floor, the doors to the wardrobe thrown open, the closet emptied out onto the floor.
Sam didn't break eye contact with Steve, even as he set his running shoes down on the edge of the bench.  "Pretty good.  You know.  Secret Agent love lives, never a dull moment."  He paused, one eyebrow arching.  "In that Abby's a secret agent."
Clint considered that and raised the smiling little sheep to his lips.  “I think they got it from the Chia Pet people,” he said.  “It’s hollow, and there’s this hole in the top so you can fill it with water, but-”
“And risk them trying to steal you?  Fuck that.”  Tony reached for a fork.  “Happy Valentine’s Day.”
"What do you think?"
Tony’s eyes snapped open.  “Steve.”
“Yeah,” Tony said.
She sighed.  “This wee one’s teething,” she said, rubbing the baby’s round cheek with one finger.  He turned towards the touch, his mouth working, and she made a soft, gentle sound at him, exhausted and loving by equal parts.  Mrs. O’Malley looked up at Steve, a thin smile tugging at her lips.  “He cries less if we move a bit, and I figured the neighbors deserved a few moments peace, the walls as thin as they are.”
Tony smiled.  “Doesn’t take much courage to pull a trigger.  I think you just proved that.”
Tony smiled.  “We’re done.”  Bruce nodded, but didn’t move.  “Bruce?”
"I know," DJ said, handing Mackenzie his swipe card without lifting his face off the counter.
“So what?” Danny asked him.  “You’re going to kiss him?”
“Fuck if I know,” Tony said.  “Probably Parker.  Parker has a strange amount of loyalty to me and a vested interest in me not looking like an asshole, or at least not a stupid asshole, so…”  He shrugged.  “Probably Parker.”
Steve smiled back.  “Going to share a chocolate malted and hope he gives you his Varsity sweater?” he asked.
“Oh my God.”  Jess had her face in her hands, and Carol was bent double behind her, laughing so hard that she was crying.  Luke had his arms crossed over his chest, staring at Clint with his mouth hanging open just a little bit.  Sam was just shaking his head, his eyes squeezed shut.
One page became two, became ten, became twenty.  In the waning, golden light of the afternoon, things took on a magical quality.  Out of the corner of his eye, Steve saw the others come and go, Rhodey and Stark grumbling at each other and Peter did all the work on their kite.  Jarvis and May collected the dishes, piling them high in Happy's arms as Clint and Natasha brought out pies and apple dumplings, plates of turkish delight and fudge, and jugs of cider.
“What-”  That was as much as he got out before the form crashed towards him, hitting him hard, knocking him backwards.  Peter stumbled, his shoulder smacking against the bannister, and he grabbed for it, pushing himself back to his feet as the man rushed out of DJ’s room, heavy feet making the floor underneath them both shake.
“What?” Tony tried to sound insulted.  Instead of caught. “How dare you, I-”
“I do, but I also really like hearing it, so…”
“Why do you knock?” Tony asked him, going back to his work with a smile.  “Why do you always knock?”
Tony's arms tightened, an instinctual response to the sudden forward momentum.  Their bodies swayed as the bike roared to life, the wheels struggling for traction.  The tires caught, and just like that, they were flying.
She blinked.  “All…  Right?” she managed.  She looked at Sam, who shrugged.
“Do you have a tin foil hat yet?” Jesse asked.  “Because your birthday's coming up and you're always so hard to buy for.”
“When?”
Jan put the dishes in the dishwasher, her fingers lingering on the counter.  “I love Tony.  You know that.”
Obie heaved a sigh.  “But?” he prompted.
Steve stared at the room, stunned.  "Wow," he repeated, and she gave a firm nod.
“Can you not?” Clint said, but the sentence was lost beneath the roar of the repulsors.  And whatever was above them was vaporized, releasing a rain of stone fragments and grit.  Pebble sized chunks of concrete clattered across the floor, dust swirling in the sunlight that came flooding in.
“How possible?” Steve asked him.
Clea’s eyes widened.  “He didn’t-”  Strange shook his head.  She looked at Steve.  “You didn’t-”  He shook his head.  She smacked him on top of the head with the scroll.  Turning back to Strange, she let loose with a wave of words in a language that Steve didn’t understand.
“See, this is the problem with magic,” Tony said to the ceiling. “Unreliable.”  His free hand bounced against his raised leg, his fingers rattling against his knee.  “Nothing from Wong, either?  He usually sends an acknowledgement, even if he doesn’t pick up.”
Jarvis looked up.  "Sir?"
DJ considered the cat, his eyes narrowed.  He scrambled up, sitting down on the edge of Tony's desk.  “Furbro,” he said at last.
The second bite was easier, but just as good.  “Bowl looks familiar.”
“I keep an overnight bag here,” she said.  “I case of shenanigans.”
Everyone went still.  Tony pointed at Peter, never breaking eye contact with Pepper.  “Parker.  Earmuffs.”
For a long moment, Happy just considered him, his face unreadable.  “I’ll let the rest of the staff know,” he said at last, and Steve could breathe again.
Steve’s face heated, and he didn’t know why, or maybe he was just too much of a coward to think about it.  “Tony…”
“That was shameless flirting,” Hank said, nudging the box away from his work with a twitch of one elbow.  “And how do you figure?”
He folded his hands on his stomach.  “I spent my entire life running yours.  I wasted years, decades, keeping you on a short leash and humoring you.  I built this company for your father, and ran it for you, and you think I'm going to let you ruin everything for a random filthy street urchin you took a liking to?”
DJ managed a smile.  It felt tight on his face, thin, but he kept it in place.  People reacted better when he smiled. "Tired," he admitted.  He pushed himself upright, ignoring the way his back and shoulders protested the normal, everyday movement.  "And achy."
“Steve.”
Stark glanced up at him, his eyebrows arched.  “And I'm getting them, why?” he asked, even as he ripped the envelope open.
“Usually am, honestly,” Clint said, wincing as the medic started cleaning the wound on his shoulder.  “It's fine, leave it-”
“Good,” she said, her teeth sinking into her lower lip.  “Good.”  She took a step back, her skirts floating in her wake.  “If you’re free later tonight, we were going to play a round of pool, and I made everyone else promise not to say anything embarrassing.”
For an instant, he needed the taste of Tony’s lips more than he needed to breathe, and damn the consequences.  For an instant, he lost his mind, he lost his grip on reality, and Tony’s eyes were fluttering closed, his lips parting as he sucked in a breath.
DJ nodded, with enough force to shift him forward in his seat.
"Yes, but I know the way better than you, don't I?"  With another puckish smile, she slipped through the door and lead the way down the narrow stairs to the kitchens, Steve following close behind.
“You don’t speak French.”
“Just like being back in grade school, huh?” Isaiah walked around the far side of the table, his cane thumping across the floor with each step.   He leaned over, considering the tabletop with a scowl.  “Missed a spot.”
“No?” Tony repeated.
Jan stared up at him from under her perfectly smooth bangs, her eyes huge and full of tears.  “And I had to find out from the NEWSPAPER,” she said.
“I bet he is.”  Steve did his best not to look at the shattered remains of the armor.  He hated it.  He always hated it.  Hated seeing Tony’s work destroyed.  Hated thinking of Tony being in it when it was.
“It’s what I tell everyone,” Tony said with a smile.
The robot came a sudden, almost violent stop, its weight cracking the pavement beneath its massive feet.  Its head swung from one side, and then back, servos whining as its joints flexed.  Tony's eyes narrowed.  “Jarvis, what's the energy spike we're getting-”
Jan took a deep breath. “So your plan,” she said, her voice taking on an edge, “was to stand around and look as hot as possible in the vain hope that he'd break first and throw himself into your arms?” Steve opened his mouth, and Jan just kept going. “In the hope that he'd declare himself first so that you wouldn't have to take any sort of an emotional risk at all?”
“He’s a cook, ma’am, wiping down tables is second nature to him,” Isaiah said with a smile.  “Keeps him out of trouble, for the most part.”
“Shall I send a car?”
“Snooping,” Clint said.  He opened his mouth.
“No,” DJ said, and Tony burst out laughing.
“I'm going to leave that to my husband,” Tony said, waving a hand in her general direction.  “He's...  Getting right into the spirit of this thing.  The public display of affection thing.”  And that wasn't going to end well for Tony.  He considered despairing, but he doubted that would help.
DJ nodded.  “You didn’t tell me you were coming.”
She laughed.  “Oh, I do like him,” she said.  “But I like her, too.”  She turned on her heel, heading up the front steps towards the door, her hips swaying.  “You might say I like them, no matter what they’re wearing.”
The Avengers.
It had been months since their conversation. Neither of them had brought it up again so Steve had assumed Coulson forgot about his request. A few days prior, Coulson had left the mansion. Everyone knew he was often sent out on missions by Fury, but this time he had left a note saying he would be back within a few days, when he would usually disappear and then reappear once he had finished a job.
“That was my AI, Jarvis,” he explained. “He can be pretty snarky most of the time, well, all of the time actually, but he’ll do anything you ask. So if you need something, Jarvis can do it for you. He’s pretty cool and stuff, since that’s how I designed him.”
As Steve laughed, suddenly feeling anxious and excited for the next day (Because he was finally going to visit Peggy! Beautiful, kind, strong Peggy who was still very much
“Knock, knock. What’s going on, Cap?”
“How ‘not from around here’ are we talking about?” He asked.
“Tony,” he started, for some reason talking very quietly, “It means a lot to me, that you took the time to bring me here.”
Steve looked up. Tony Stark stood in the doorway to his room, a weird grin on his face. He looked official in the sharp suit he was wearing, similar to one he had been wearing when Steve had seen him last.
He followed the receptionist through a pair of doors, to a wide, bright sitting room. It was quiet, with the exception of a television going in a corner, and there were only a few elderly people about. With all its bleak features and empty spaces, Steve was instantly reminded of his old room at SHIELD.
“Thanks.” Steve covered her hands with his free one. “And I’m glad that I was finally able to find you, after all this time. Everyone else had died and I—I couldn’t bear the thought of you being dead, too.”
The next morning, Steve got up at six and went for a run. By the time he got back, a coffee and bag of bagels in hand, Tony had emerged from his workshop. Steve had handed him the cup and watched as the man’s face lit up like a child’s during Christmas. He had gulped it down, slapped Steve on the back, and told Steve they would be going out again that day.
Steve took a moment to absorb the information. All of his friends had died. After all they had been through together, and they just
Steve had started bringing him snacks throughout the day, and leaving them near Tony so he could eat, and when he went back down to the workshop to collect the plates, he was pleased to see that Tony was actually eating what he left. Then, he worked his way up to meals. Most days out of the week, Steve made Tony breakfast and dinner, but he had always brought the food to him. It had occurred to him a few days ago that, maybe he could convince Tony to take a break and actually eat at a table for once.
“Finally!” Tony’s voice came from behind him. He had been waiting by the doors, apparently. “No offense, I mean, I know you guys were having your “Oldies but Goodies” bonding time, or whatever, but you have no idea how uncomfortable it is sitting in the same chair for hours—”
“None that I can think of.” Steve shifted.
Steve straightened up (
This one was no less uncomfortable, but Tony had taken control, and where the first one had been shy and gentle, this one was faster and tinged with eagerness. His tongue flicked against Steve’s lip, and he opened his mouth. Everything, the hand on the back of his neck, the rough scratch of Tony’s beard against his face, had him shifting to get more, made him grip Tony tighter.
“Tony!” Steve couldn’t believe he had actually brought up Coulson’s mother up in their small tiff.
Tony’s face brightened and he picked the device up, doing a few things with his fingers on it before describing how exactly he was going about modifying the repulsors for the Iron Man suit, attempting to duplicate some fire weapon of Coulson’s, and building Steve a new set of punching bags (this time with a titanium center since the last ones hadn’t fared too well) simultaneously. Even though he didn’t understand about a third of the scientific terms Tony was using, he let himself think that, somehow, after Afghanistan, Tony had found a way to be happy again, just from surrounding himself with his work. It wasn’t quite the same as Steve’s situation, but it was a comfort nonetheless.
“If you don’t mind my asking,” Steve took a seat in one of the chairs diagonal from the couch, “what are you two doing here?”
As the door closed shut behind him, Steve blinked, unable to move, he was so taken aback.
Tony waltzed over to Coulson’s side, raised a hand as if to clamp him on the shoulder, then seemed to think better of it when the man glared at the appendage.
