The thought gave Dean a little pang because the fact was, Cas was Dean’s best friend apart from Sammy. He had been ever since Cas had caught him drinking in the church graveyard one night when he was seventeen, following a bad fight with John.
“If you come near him again,” Cas was growling, his voice the rumble of thunder preceding a prairie thunderstorm. “I will kill you, John Winchester. I will kill you, feed your body to pigs, and never give it a second thought. Stay away from both Dean and Sam, or by Joshua’s gentle soul, I will make sure that there is nothing left of you to find.”
“Wiseass,” Dean grumbled, leaning down and kissing him hard. “I mean it, Cas,” he said, not taking his lips off of his partner’s. “I need you to know what you are to me. How meeting you changed me.”
“I love you too, Dean,” Cas said, snuggling under his chin with a happy sigh. “Thank you for that,” he said after a few quiet minutes holding each other. “It was unexpected but-”
He pressed his lips to Cas’ gently, allowing himself to luxuriate in the softness of those full lips even as he gave the angel a chance to pull away.
"I understand that 'ejaculate' likely falls under the same parameters as 'erection'," Cas said, nodding.
“That can be arranged,” Dean said, loving how Cas’ eyes widened. He took a deep breath. “You ready?”
“Castiel showed up for my graduation,” Sam said coldly. Fuck, he was always so much braver with their dad than Dean was. “Not just the party where there’s booze. He’s welcome, you’re not.”
The angel was bound with warded handcuffs and chains, a warded gag in his mouth. His face was streaked with grime and his normally pristine white dress shirt was torn and stained with blood. His dark slacks were torn on his right thigh, revealing a deep laceration that still oozed blood.
Cas laughed quietly, the sound unbelievably comforting against Dean’s ear. “You are not self-absorbed enough to be Kuzco,” he said.
And when they’d driven away from the lake house Dean felt like he was leaving a piece of himself there where the pyre had stood.
He’d poured a round of drinks, of course. But the smell reminded him too much of the dark, lonely weeks. The coffee was better. It tasted like morning and the promise of a new day.
“I’d hardly call your cock a ‘little something’, Dean,” Cas replied, earning himself a bark of laughter from Dean.
“I need to swing by home,” Dean said as they drove with the windows down. “I can drop you off at Bobby’s so you don’t have to see Dad-”
“You are precious to me,” Cas said, sliding out and leaving Dean feeling empty and aching. “I want this to be pleasant for you.”
Instantly Alastair’s hand was at his throat. “A lot of things,” he said, eyes narrowing. “You and your angel cost me my home. You cost me the
“Shaddup,” Dean replied, catching Cas’ lip with his teeth and giving it a soft tug. When Cas moaned softly into his mouth it had Dean hard in an instant, but oddly he didn’t feel the need to push things further. Just being held with such tenderness made him happier than he could ever recall being.
When Dean opened up his mouth to argue, Cas held up his hand. “I will stay in the car if you prefer,” he said. “But I cannot let you go back to that house alone.”
Before he could second guess himself, Dean slid his hand down and wrapped it around Cas as the angel did the same. Their breath commingled as they gasped in unison, foreheads pressed together.
“Bullshit,” Dean growled, pulling him in for a kiss. He moaned into Cas’ mouth as their cocks rubbed together and he was gratified by the answering moan from the angel. “Cas, please,” he said, leaning his forehead against Cas’ so that their noses bumped. “I want this. I want
Cas nodded and Dean shook his head, seeing the flicker of worry in the tightness at the corners of Cas’ eyes.
They were quick to get out of the parking lot -- Dean had endured Bobby’s bitching to park half a mile away close to the exit. It meant that they got to The Pit, the local upscale BBQ place run by, of all things, a Scottish man and his mother. The interior was well-designed, somehow managing to combine rustic and industrial with shining wooden booths, heavy iron accents, and bright, unshaded lights hanging in mason jars of varying sizes.
“I like holding you,” Cas said, brushing his lips over Dean’s cheek. “You have received so little comfort in your life, Dean. It is meaningful for me to take care of you, who so often takes care of others.”
They sat in the parked car once Cas had checked in and Dean fiddled with his keys, aware that he was putting off going home.
“You will not touch him again,” Cas said and only the way his hands clenched into fists at his sides betrayed his tension.
Sam had commented on it once, though his tone told Dean that his brother knew what he was doing and was trying to give him a chance to talk about it if he wanted.
“I prefer English for being dirty,” Cas rumbled, reaching down to give himself a few strokes, his free hand caressing Dean’s cheek.
“You’re dead,” Dean said right away as though speaking the words might banish the figure before him.
The drizzle made its way down the back of his collar, but Dean ignored it as he rifled through his grocery bags. The tears had started again, mixing with the rain water as he made himself a PB&J. He cut it in half and then set it aside, pulling out the little box with what remained of the man who had been his best friend and, he was finally allowing himself to admit, so much more.
he prayed desperately, his eyes locked onto his angel's as they widened. He hated the fear he saw there, and even worse, the resignation.
Cas wiped the tears away with a snort of laughter, shaking his head. “As long as you meant it,” he said, mostly managing to hide the hint of a question.
?” A mocking edge crept into his voice. "Does he know how you'd cry and scratch your skin and call yourself worthless and pathetic and swear to yourself that it would be different next time?"
Cas’ expression cleared as understanding dawned on him. “I see,” he murmured. “Would you prefer I say that I have not fucked a man before?” His tone was so mild that for a moment what he said didn’t register with Dean.
Cas blinked. “Actually no,” he said, blushing. “I was in such a hurry from the airport...I just wanted to get here.” He hefted the bag on his shoulder. “Helps that I travel light.”
for the simple violence of the pit, Dean. Because what you and I are going to share today...it’ll make the fun we had seem like a picnic.”
Castiel, Dean’s best friend in the world, the only person besides Sam and Bobby that he trusted implicitly.
“You are very quiet for all of your brashness a moment ago,” Cas teased. He reached up and caressed Dean’s face before letting his hand fall to the hollow of Dean’s throat. “You forget who rebuilt you,” he said, eyes widening for a moment before he was kissing Dean again, the motion of his hips speeding up.
“I love you, Castiel,” Dean whispered raggedly before crushing his mouth to his partner’s, catching Cas’ wild cry of pleasure as the angel tipped over the edge. He stroked in and out a few more times as Cas came down, then gently eased out of his angel with a soft hiss of need. His cock was painfully hard, but he didn’t have the benefit of an angelic refractory period. He wanted to make it last as long as he could. So he kissed Cas’ lips, then down his chest to lick the cum that had splattered over Cas’ belly. He caught Cas’ eye as he licked each of the little streaks, loving the broken way Cas gasped his name. “So much for hands up, eh?” he teased, kissing just below Cas’ belly button.
caught him. “Cas! You Fell because of me, you lost everything because of me. I don't deserve you, angel. I don't fucking deserve you and I'm so scared that one day you're gonna realize that I'm not worth the trouble and I'm gonna lose you for good." He was clinging to the angel so hard that his hands hurt and his face was wet with tears, but somehow he managed to force himself to pull back enough that he could look into those fathomless eyes. "And I'm not as selfless as you, Cas. I'm not and I
Cas let out a breathy laugh as Dean unbuttoned his shirt and began to kiss down his chest. “Dean,” he rasped as Dean dragged his lips over one of his nipples. “The food will get cold.”
“Cas!” he managed to gasp. “Cas! I’m gonna cum. Fuck, Cas, fuck you feel so fucking good baby just like that please-” and then he was jerking into Cas’ perfect mouth, his orgasm thundering over him like a stampede. He just barely managed to jerk his cock out of Cas’ mouth as the last few spasms washed over him, his eyes clenched tightly shut as he clung to his angel for dear life. He was still gasping for air when he opened his eyes, and he felt his cock jerk so hard it almost made his knees give out when he caught sight of his angel.
“Think about it,” Cas said with a smile. “Of course. But just...please know that it’s an option, Dean.”
Dean jerked Cas in for a kiss, growling against his angel’s lips as he claimed the angel’s mouth, pouring every ounce of his adoration and need into it. He was breathing hard when he rose, and he shuddered as Cas took Dean's hands and slid them into his hair.
The angel cocked his head, frowning. “Why not?” he asked, picking up a plate instead and beginning to wash it.
Sam had claimed exhaustion suspiciously early, chivvying Jack out of the kitchen, and it was then that Dean realized that Sam was leaving him alone with Cas.
The tops of Cas’ cheeks colored as he handed Dean a cup of coffee. “I wished to celebrate,” he said quietly.
Cas’ shoulders went rigid and he turned, gently using his arm to sweep Dean behind him so that his back was against the Impala.
sorry. Please forgive me. Please don’t leave me. Please don’t leave again. I love you and I can’t take losing you again, Cas.”
“Oh, Dean,” Cas murmured and then the angel was in his arms again holding him tightly. “I’m here,” Cas whispered, his breath soft and warm on Dean’s neck.
“You stood there in the restaurant and let that redheaded bitch make a fool out of me!” he snarled, slamming Dean’s face into the stairs. “You let your brother make a fool out of me!” Another blow, slamming the bridge of his nose into the edge of the stairs and making stars explode behind Dean’s eyes. “All while you stood there with that dumb fuck look on your face letting your fucking faggot boyfriend lord it over-” he trailed off into something unintelligible, or maybe Dean had just taken too much of a beating to hear him. He managed to curl sideways away from the blows, causing John to overbalance with a curse as Dean stumbled to his knees and made for the front door.
“Please take me, Dean!” Cas gasped. “As hard as you can. I want everything you can give me. I want you to take everything you want from me!”
, Dean thought, the absolute absurdity of the statement making something click into place in his brain. It
Dean stepped closer, bringing his other hand up to cup Cas’ cheeks as he leaned in and gave him a slow, soft kiss. He felt Cas’s lips part as the angel let out a quiet gasp. Cas’ arms were gentle when they slid around him as the kiss deepened and Dean found himself pressing his body against the angel’s, clinging to him as though he would be taken away at any second. He lost himself in the sensation of Cas’ body against him and the tender way Cas was rubbing his back and the way Cas’ tongue gently caressed his and then, fuck, Cas was hard against him, hard for
He set a ruthless pace, thrusting into Cas to the hilt over and over as the angel moaned and moved beneath him. Cas felt like a wild thing as he moved, his hips never stilling, the muscles of his abdomen tightening and the ones in his neck standing out like ropes as he arched and writhed.
Taking a deep breath, Dean forced himself to stand and face his father, putting his body between John and Sam.
“Cas!” Fuck, the angel was a fast learner. His hand was firm, but gentle, and when he brushed his thumb through the bead of wetness at the tip of Dean’s cock, Dean whimpered and reached down to grab his wrist.
“Fucking fuck, Castiel,” Dean whimpered, putting his hand over where Cas’ rested at his throat. “Fuck yes, fuck YES!” Every thrust was hitting that perfect spot and Dean could feel that tight heat spooling up in his belly. “Cas I’m close. I’m so fucking close, Cas, please!”
The blow came from his right, a mostly empty beer bottle striking him just above the ear and making him stagger into the stairs. John was on him in an instant -- he always did love a brawl, and Dean found himself crying out as John slammed him bodily onto the stairs.
Dean jerked his head in a nod and gave Cas’ hair a tug, his knees going weak at the way Cas melted back onto him, utterly pliant and willing and so fucking perfect.
Tears streamed down his face as he shoved the groceries in the trunk, and absurdly he found that he couldn’t put the stupid jelly in the trunk where Cas’ ashes still sat in their little wooden box. Instead he put it in the front seat next to him as he threw the car into gear and pealed out of the grocery store parking lot. He drove south, not really paying attention to where he was going until he pulled into the tiny state park parking lot.
“Let’s show him what you are capable of, Dean,” Alastair said, unfastening Dean’s belt and letting it drop to the floor. “What a good pet you can be.”
He knew as soon as he and Sam were alone in the motel room that his brother suspected at the very least.
“Just as long as you don’t call me ‘Llama face’.” Dean grumbled good naturedly, laying his head on Cas’ chest and closing his eyes.
Alastair's expression was calculating as he licked Cas’ neck. "We'll see if you feel that way in a few days," he said in a low growl. "When I've got you-"
“Sir, I’m afraid I cannae have you bothering my patrons,” Rowena said in a bright voice that had steel behind it.
“Nothing, nah,” Sam said with a shrug. He hesitated, and then his face did that furrowed brow sensitive thing that always seemed to get witnesses to open up to him. “You’ve been having a rough go, so it’s good to see you smile.”
One of Cas’ eyebrows went up, the familiar expression suddenly making Dean’s stomach do a little flip. “Do you see anyone else here?”
The song wound down and Dean pulled back to look down at his partner. Tears were trickling down the angel’s face, but Dean didn’t have to ask to know that they were tears of joy. He wiped them away with his thumbs as he cupped Cas’ cheeks and gently and tilted his face up for a kiss.
They’d celebrated when they got home of course. Dean had cooked burgers for everyone, listening to the happy chatter with a huge, stupid smile on his face.
“Fucking hell,” he breathed. “Of course I’d say it for the first time while you were balls-deep in me, Jesus fucking Christ.”
“I do,” Dean said, his feet carrying him forward of their own accord. He caught Cas in a hug, his throat all but closing at the familiar scent of old-growth cedar in winter and ozone as Cas’s arms went around him. “Welcome home, pal.”
Dean curled his fingers and Cas trailed off with a gasp, a tremor going through his body. “What do you need, baby?” he asked like he didn’t already know.
“Maybe one day,” Dean teased, loving the flare of heat in Cas’ eyes. “But yeah, you’re probably right.”
“Cas,” Dean breathed, his heart beginning to pound in his chest. He found himself swinging his legs off of the bed and standing, swearing when the room spun a little.
Dean felt his hips rocking as he slurped up and down Cas’ cock, letting the angel’s words wash over him. Fuck, he wanted Cas, he wanted all of it, like he’d never wanted anyone in his whole life.
He was reaching for the crunchy, organic peanut butter that Sam liked when he caught sight of the familiar purple jar a little ways away.
“Thanks for that,” Dean said, his heart suddenly so full of emotion he felt his throat start to burn. Fuck, it had always been like this. Cas had always made him feel so safe. It felt like Cas cared. “But it’s all right. I’m gonna drive around for a bit, give the old man time to fall asleep, then head home. He’ll have forgotten by the morning.”
But he knew in his heart that if he had to watch Alastair subject Cas to even a fraction of what he’d done to Dean, it would break him.
“The things I did to Dean’s body,” Alastair said, shrugging like he was talking about getting the fucking mail and not decades of torment. “The ways I punished him and
Dean was staring at the angel, horror blooming anew in his chest as Alastair cocked his head and stepped away from him. “Cas, no!” he gasped, but the angel ignored him. His eyes were fixed on the demon’s as Alastair closed the distance between them.
Cas’ eyebrow went up almost to his hairline as he cocked his head and Dean felt a shudder travel from the crown of his head down his spine. “Just do it?” the angel rumbled, his voice dropping lower and getting quieter.
, Dean thought. “Well, I said we needed a big win,” he said aloud. He met Sam’s eyes and knew as soon as he did that Sam was way beyond just suspecting so...fuck it. “We got Cas back,” he said. “That’s a pretty damn big win.”
Cas gasped, his hips lifting off the bed, and Dean took the opportunity to lean down and drag his tongue from the base of Cas’ cock to the tip.
“As you wish,” Cas replied, slowly withdrawing. He picked up Dean’s discarded shirt from the floor and wetted it, cleaning them up with as much tenderness as he’d shown earlier before crawling back into bed with Dean and pulling him in for a kiss. “Well?” Cas asked as they tangled their legs together. His heart was in his eyes as they met Dean’s. “What do you think?” he asked shyly.
He laughed as Cas rolled on top of him, framing his face with his hands. Cas’ answering kiss was a fierce one, but as they melted into one another it turned soft and tender. They didn’t do more than kiss that night, luxuriating in the feeling of their bodies pressed together. But it felt fun and oddly...safe.
“So, hey,” Dean said, “You doing anything for Halloween? We’re having a party over at The Plaza. Kind of a family tradition.”
When Castiel was done eating (Dean had finished ages ago and two more rolls in the meantime), Dean placed their dirty plates in the bag and came out with two smaller saucers of dessert. This time when he whipped off the covers, he revealed a neat rectangle of chocolate torte, layered in dark chocolate mousse and rich cocoa powder. The cake, he had been told, was flourless but nonetheless mouthwateringly delicious.
I implied before that Crowley is the doorman to Dean's apartment building, but this chapter I made it official. We also got to see a
“I don’t catch your meaning,” Cas said, leaning in to his touch. Dean could hear his breathing quicken.
“Gonna take you right here in front of the fire,” Dean purred low against his skin, “like I promised.”
“Yeah, I dunno,” Dean says, shaking his head, “Maybe he thought it was important for me to see it. Who knows.”
Castiel woke up mid-day, just as Dean was finishing up with checking his email. He had his laptop balanced on his knees and placed it on the side of the bed when he noticed Castiel starting to stir and leaned over to press a kiss at the base of his neck.
“Dean,” Castiel said lightly, dragging the item in question back up the length of him, “Would you mind if I got…creative?”
Reverend Paul was providing a different kind of assistance, going around to the kitchen’s patrons and speaking with them, making sure they knew about all the resources available to them but mostly just sitting down with them to listen—some came to confess and have their sins absolved, others needed a sympathetic ear to hear their story, and some came seeking advice—whatever their needs, the Reverend did his best to give it to them.
Another lengthy nap following their shared bath found Castiel awake and perkier than he’d been all day. They ordered in some food and Dean brought out a deck of cards when Castiel expressed the desire to do something other than watch TV, discussing logistics in between hands. Dean relayed to Cas his conversation that morning with Uriel, who had some forms for him to sign for medical leave since he wouldn’t be able to work until his wrist healed completely.
That’s right, keep it talking. Maybe Sam will have gotten his message by now and was on his way. Best case scenario he knew how to kill this thing. Worse case he was passed out on a pile of old books in the motel room and Dean was on his own with nothing but his wits and the creature-equivalent of a toothpick.
Dean’s mouth was full, so he couldn’t respond. So instead he did what any mature adult would do. He raised his eyebrows in challenge and flung a noodle at Castiel.
Castiel hummed into the pillow and stretched his arms out under it, turning his head to look up at Dean from his feathery paradise.
“Shit!” he cursed, righting the mug—which had begun to tip precariously—and surveying the damage. There was a large coffee-colored stain right over the front of his lounge pants that made it look like he’d wet himself. Dean set the mug down and grabbed a napkin from the tray he’d brought, attempting to wipe up the mess.
adorable with the little flappy arms and tail. Dean grinned at him and wished they weren’t in public so that he could wrap Castiel up in his arms and kiss him silly. He made do by pulling on Cas’s hood, tugging it down further to cover his eyes.
kiss. Dean pressed Cas backward until his ass bumped up against the cabinet and then Dean scooped him up and sat him on the edge of the counter. He moved closer into the open straddle of Castiel’s legs, who ran both hands through his hair and dug his fingertips into Dean’s scalp so hard that Dean groaned in pleasure.
” Dean cursed and ran, Brian hot at his heels, but he didn’t have time to convince the stubborn prick not to follow him.
Before they knew it, dinner was over and it was time for Sam and Jess to head over to the airport to catch their flight back to Stanford. Dean drew his brother into a tight embrace, clapping him on the back. His voice when he spoke was thick with emotion.
Cas was still moving in him. The angel was panting fast and dripping sweat, a strained look on his face as he thrust into Dean again and again. Dean could tell he was getting close by the way his breath hitched a little at the end of each inhale, and grabbed Cas by the back of the thighs and bucked under him to
“You know… ’s gonna be hard to find a job without a GED, at least,” Dean said, “You might want to reconsider that.”
go to school for music,” Dean told him, face about as serious as Castiel had ever seen it. Dean shook his head, trying to think of a way to get him to understand what Dean had seen all along—that he was born to music and doing anything else with his life just made no fucking sense. He shook his head again and just said, “You just got to.”
“I don’t mean it like that,” Dean said quickly. He placed his hand on Cas’s arm to get his attention. “I don’t mean marriage. That’s not it. It’s all the pomp and circumstance.” He shrugged. “Guess I’d prefer something small, you know? Just a few close friends and family members.”
“Jack, Dean and I talked it over.” Here Castiel’s eyes flickered to his boyfriend, who smiled softly at him. “We thought…well, perhaps you had better open this first.” He handed Jack a small box wrapped in silver wrapping paper and nodded for him to open it.
After another half hour of waiting, they were finally called into the exam room. Dean was surprised to find a familiar face enter the room almost as soon as the assistant left them alone. Dean had leaned in for an extended kiss, and the couple jumped apart when the door opened.
Dean turned around sharply and found Helen staring at the wind chimes, a hand pressed to her throat. Her blue eyes flickered up to meet his.
Dean let out a sigh once the meeting was finally over. They hadn’t really gotten anywhere in the discussion and he felt like that was on him.
Castiel grips the hunter’s upper arm as he bends over in laughter. Dean hunches over onto his forearms, pounding at the floor with his fist.
They were making out on the dance floor before the music changed. And it was nice, it was. Especially after the day he’d had. But there was something…missing.
They wandered out to the kitchen after Castiel cleaned up a bit and a few more minutes of intimacy to find Jack sitting at the breakfast bar, slouched over in his chair. He straightened when he saw the two of them coming down the hall, Dean with his hand in the small of Castiel’s back and Cas with his eyes still obviously red from crying.
He loves these small domestic moments with Dean, regardless of how complicated things are between them. Or maybe that’s just him. Dean doesn’t seem affected by his feelings as much these days. He doesn’t move away from Castiel at times like these as much as he used to. In fact, they’re just as close as they’ve always been, perhaps more so. They still don’t talk about what happened, but neither is Dean pushing him away. That’s alright. That’s okay. Castiel can live with that.
, capturing Dean’s mouth entirely with his own. Both of his hands went behind the hunter’s head and threaded through his hair, and Dean grunted and then gasped as he yielded his mouth open and felt the angel’s tongue slide in against his.
“Nothing a little Alka-Seltzer can’t fix,” Dean said, “But he’s not gonna make it today. Hoping you have someone who can cover for him.”
“I am concerned that you are becoming addicted to these dreams,” Cas said, “And would choose them over the real world.”
Dean’s breath hitched, and he glanced up again, the emotions churning within him overwhelming and making him a little light-headed.
good, that’s the problem.” He gulped down a breath. “Damn. Here I thought I was gonna miss your hand being in that cast, but if you’re going to do
The smile on Anna’s face dropped into a contemplative frown. She stared at Castiel from across the room, who glanced up and seemed uncomfortable that she and Dean were chatting. Anna’s gaze didn’t waver, however, and after a moment Cas decided he had things to do elsewhere and moved toward the elevators. Anna turned back to Dean.
“Have you decided if you are going back to school or not?” Castiel asked the boy, who was now on his second piece of flan.
“You’re not supposed to tell anyone that!” Jo said. She scrunched up her face and snapped him on the arm with the bar towel.
“Well, I’ll leave you guys to it. I’m gonna go take a shower,” he said, extracting himself from Castiel’s embrace. He must have pulled back a touch too eagerly, because the concern from before was suddenly back in Castiel’s eyes, pinching the skin between his eyebrows. Dean dropped a light kiss on his lips in the hopes that would soothe it away and distracted him with, “You got anything planned for
“He’s a grown man and he can manage without you,” John cut in again, “You’re going to have to do better than that.”
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas a little tighter, drawing him closer. Castiel couldn’t help the soft whimper that escaped as he did, overwhelmed with the feeling of being so entirely enveloped in the fold of Dean’s body around him and his lips suctioned at his neck.
“Shut up, Sam, you don’t know a goddamn thing,” Dean bit back. He leaned over the engine, resting his forearms on the outer frame of the hood.
A dreamy smile spread across Charlie’s face. The woman looked damn good rocking that shaker back and forth—it showed off the strong definition of her arms and caused the low cut of her dress to part away from her skin…
“Yeah, so did I,” he muttered, staring at his menu. He cleared his throat and looked up. “So? Everyone know what they want?” he asked, effectively changing the subject.
“He just needs some time to wrap his head around things,” Sam assured his brother, patting Dean on the shoulder. “He’ll come around.”
“Dad brought by some reading materials for ya,” Dean announced. He was fully turned toward Cas now, who still stood awkwardly in the juncture between the hallway and the kitchen. Dean held up a stack of magazines for him to see and then gestured to the cardboard box sitting on the breakfast bar. “And he brought us
It was difficult to protest when he was so starved for physical contact. After three weeks of being on the mend without much intimate time together due to his injuries, Castiel was hard pressed to say no in earnest, especially when he was so
“Can’t it wait, son?” the older man asked, looking over at him. “I’d rather put a hole in my head than talk business right about now.” His voice held an edge of humor but it was rough with exhaustion. Dean looked into eyes shadowed by dark circles.
His eyes flickered up to meet Dean’s, deep blue pools hesitant and self-conscious as they asked silently what Dean had thought of his singing. Dean beamed at him, all thirty-two bright pearly whites in uninhibited affection. He didn’t care that they were in church or that the priest up front could see them clearly. He was knocked back by the man sitting beside him, and since he couldn’t say anything or kiss him silly he at least wanted to show it.
He was standing at the threshold of Dean’s storage room—the room he had told Cas was off limits until Christmas. Castiel assumed it had been because the gift was ‘unwrapable’ as Dean had said, but now he saw what Dean had really meant. The room
They finish up with Baby and when they are done Dean grabs more beer from the cooler. They drink sitting next to one another on Baby’s hood, and Castiel finds he is so very grateful that he still has
“Yeah, same here.” Dean looked down between them, feeling the loss of another innocent no-name whose friends and family would never know what had happened to him.
Dean walked Castiel into work like he used to do for Sammy when it was his first day of school, the only difference being the hand he had pressed into the small of Cas’s back. Castiel was nervous and jittery once they were inside, and fidgeted with the strap to his new messenger bag. It was stuffed full of sheet music that Castiel had collected over the years, including a few new additions that Dean had gotten him over Christmas for this very occasion. They stopped outside of Marlene’s office, Castiel eyeing the doorknob as though it might bite off his newly un-casted hand.
Dean felt like he couldn’t catch his breath as he watched John’s face get redder and redder. His mouth worked, spittle forming at the corners. When he spoke it was so loud that it silenced the immediate area.
“Yeah,” Dean said, how easily the answer came to him taking him by surprise. “Look, Cas, I’m not gonna sit here and tell you that if I didn’t know you...if I just saw you walkin’ down the street...that I’d make a pass at you, ok?” He smiled at the angel, shrugging. “But you. Castiel. My best friend, my...person. Hell yeah I want you. However you’ll have me.”
“No, Cas,” Dean said, pulling back and looking into the angel’s eyes. They were dark and unfathomable, like the ocean in the eye of a hurricane. “No, you don’t get it, man. I
“Dork,” Dean said, unable to keep from smiling. “All the children’s programming out there and you gotta reference 'Barney'?”
. Even if I were to return, the demons would whisper behind my back.” He smiled, the cold, raw smile that always spoke of horrors to come. “But, if I were to make you pay...to really punish you, they would know that I have returned. That I am not someone to be trifled with or mocked.”
He let the tears come in that quiet place, finally giving himself over to the sheer crushing weight of his sorrow as he sat and sobbed with the remains of his angel. The sobs were ugly and deep, ripping out from some portion of his soul that he’d always kept carefully locked away.
It startled a bark of laughter out of Dean. "That too," he said, running his free hand through his hair. "But A...
that with you. I don’t want you to doubt that. I just...I don’t know if I can...if I’m ready.” He felt the panic settling in again, making his chest grow tight. Cas deserved so much
Cas let out a groan of frustration, but he was smiling, so Dean just gave him a shit-eating grin back. “I am beginning to regret allowing you this much control,” Cas groused good-naturedly.
It took a lot of self-control to kiss the leaking tip of Cas’ cock and slide back up his body, but he was quickly rewarded by Cas flipping him onto his back and recreating Dean’s path down his body.
He’d filled out since Dean had last seen him, clearly having put on muscle. There was a new confidence to him as well, but most of all he looked, well, happy.
Gritting his teeth, Dean glared at the demon. He had to find a way to get out. He couldn’t be here. He
“What if I wanna do a little jumping?” Dean teased, unfastening Cas’ belt and draping it over the back of the desk chair. He managed to keep his tone light, but to his chagrin, his hands were shaking.
The tears came in earnest then, and Dean all but knocked Cas back into the headboard, clinging to his angel with his face buried in Cas' neck. He fucking hated crying, he did, but Cas’ arms felt so good and comforting and safe that once he started he found that he just couldn’t stop. Cas murmured to him the whole time, rubbing his back until Dean’s throat was sore and his head was pounding.
Cas returned his smile, his hand sliding down Dean’s side to come to rest at his hip. His thumb brushed into the subtle dip there as he looked at Dean, the question there plain as day in his eyes.
“You have gotten tense again,” Cas said gently. “And your heart rate is elevated.” He looked down, running his thumb over the bottom of Dean’s jaw. “Please talk to me.”
“Adorable really,” Alastair said as he put the chain through a heavy hook in the ceiling. “Look who’s here to try and save you. Again.” He smiled at the angel, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “But this time, you won’t be flapping out of here.”
“Get the fuck out of my house, Castiel!” John snarled, the belt dangling in his hand as the other balled into a heavy fist. “Or so help me, I will beat the shit out of you.”
He reached up and tangled his fingers in Cas’ hair, jerking the other man’s head back and making Cas’ eyes narrow. “I want you to fuck me, Cas,” he said, feeling his cheeks grow warm.
“Yeah well,” Dean said a little more gruffly than he meant to. “They don’t make ‘em like they used to.”
Cas nodded, his hands gentle in Dean’s hair as their lips met. “I missed you too, Dean,” he said, letting one hand fall from Dean’s hair to stroke up and down his side.
“Cas, he’ll kill you, he’ll kill you,” someone was sobbing and Dean realized with some shame that it was him.
He pulled back and went to the pantry, yanking it open and pulling out the mostly empty jar of grape jelly. He handed it to Cas and raked his hands through his hair.
It took a few more drinks and the decidedly excellent spinach & artichoke dip before the celebratory atmosphere had returned, but by the time they all staggered out of the restaurant stuffed to the gills with excellent BBQ, Sammy was smiling brightly once again. Dean drove Sam and Bobby to Bobby’s house, promising that he’d drive Sam to the airport the following week.
“Yeah,” Dean said, his voice coming out a little rough as the emotion welled up. “It was. Thanks for wanting me like that. For being that way with me.” He kissed his angel and then leaned his forehead against Cas’. They were quiet until Dean’s stomach rumbled, which drew a laugh out of both of them. They got cleaned up together and dressed, but Dean found himself hesitating. He wasn’t ready for the spell of the morning to be done just yet. Instead he pulled out his phone and went to Spotify, doing a quick search.
“You were brave standing up to your father,” Cas said to Sam, his brilliant eyes filled with worry. “I am only sorry to have caused trouble.”
Carefully he reached in and pulled out a handful of the ashes. He stretched his hand out over the water and opened it, letting the wind carry the ashes, carry
and not him. "You are a disgusting, foul creature for twisting pleasure into something humiliating and wretched." Castiel, for truly in that moment it was Castiel the Angel, raised his chin and looked at Alastair with utter contempt. "I can only assume that you must do so because in your heart of hearts, you know that fear and torment and force are the only ways that anyone could ever possibly desire
thing from detached or fucking emotionless. The emotions were there. They had always been there. Deep love, compassion, concern, fear, rage.
as Cas nuzzled beneath his chin. “I love you too, Dean,” Cas said, his voice so low that Dean almost missed it.
“Shhhh,” Dean said, hoping that he was sounding every bit as infuriatingly patient as Cas always did. He shifted a little for a better angle and then eased back in, not pausing until he’d found that bundle of nerves with his fingertips. “I’ve got you,” he said, running his fingers over it.
“Don’t you talk about him like that!” Dean snapped, clenching his hands into fists. “Castiel was there because Sam
“How should I prepare you?” Cas asked and Dean found himself blushing all the way down to his chest.
Dean nodded, unable to speak, and to his surprise, Cas let out a low rumble of laughter that reminded him of the distant sound of a prairie thunderstorm.
“Do what?” Cas asked, reaching down and fucking baby Jesus he was taking Dean in hand again, so much more slow and deliberate this time and Dean was pretty sure he was gonna die.
Dean shuddered, grinning up at the angel. “You fucking tease,” he said. “Why don’t we get cleaned up and we can test the theory.”
“It is all right, Dean,” Cas said, only the tiny waver in his voice betraying his fear as Alastair unbuttoned the angel's slacks and yanked them down. “I’ll be all right.”
Cas suggested they go and rent him a car, but Dean assured him that he was more than happy to drive him around while he was in town.
“I know,” Cas said, brow furrowing. “It reminds you of being hungry as a child. You prefer preserves.”
He pulled back, grinning at the angel. “Not unless you really want to see Sam’s bitchface,” he said wryly. “C’mon.” He took Cas’ hand -- fuck, he was holding Cas’ hand and it felt so normal -- and led the angel to his room, locking the door behind them.
“No,” he growled, pulling Cas in for a kiss that was as rough and dirty as he could make it. “I’d ‘prefer’ you say that you were gonna fuck
“I…” Dean swallowed hard, feeling suddenly young and naive and inexperienced. “Cas...I don’t think I can-”
Dean smiled and poured some lube over his fingers, then paused, one hand squeezing Cas’ ass. “One or two?” he asked.
“And then I get there and that fucking faggot is sitting in my place at the table like he has some kind of right-”
Dean kissed him tenderly, nodding, then began to kiss down his body. He was slow, a lot slower than he usually was -- Cas was a lot better at dragging it out -- but he wanted to make every inch of Cas’ skin light up with need. To that end, he started with slow, barely there kisses along Cas’ jaw and out to his ear, slowly adding tongue as he moved to Cas’ throat. He nipped the tender skin near where Cas’ neck and shoulder met, sucking a mark into the fair skin just to hear Cas moan his name.
Dean covered the screen quickly with his hand, just in case Castiel was looking, but when he turned back his boyfriend was far too invested in his breakfast to have noticed. Still, Dean’s heart thumped against his chest like a hammer, and he wondered how he was going to make it through the next couple of days with the landmine secret he was sitting on.
“The coffee must be getting cold,” was Mrs. Gray’s thinly veiled excuse. Dean found he was somewhat grateful for it. He had put this off long enough.
And it might have been the alcohol rushing to his head or the close brush with death—or maybe something about where they were—but he felt a light blush rise across the bridge of his nose.
“Nothing, it’s nothing,” Sam said. Dean heard a muffled sound cross the mic, like his little brother was shaking that enormous Neanderthal head of his. “You just…you sound happy, that’s all. Don’t think I’ve heard you this happy before.”
. Dean thought. Zachariah had officially given up on the sweet piece of ass behind him. He grinned at the old slut.
Ah, that would be why. Castiel blinked and remembered how to inhale. Then he felt a grin break out over his face as Sam finally shoved his brother off of him and Dean held up his hands in defeat.
“You can’t,” Dean says, sounding choked. He holds the vial out of Castiel’s reach, “If you put it back, The Empty will—”
“Huh,” Dean said, considering that. “Guess I don’t really get it,” he confessed. “We didn’t grow up religious. My mom believed in God, but she never took me and Sammy to church or anything. I think she wanted us to find faith on our own so she never tried to force it on us.”
” he pleaded. Dean pressed his lips against Castiel’s unmoving ones. He let out a strangled sound and let his forehead drop to Cas’s cheek. “Oh God…” For a moment he couldn’t breathe, just let out a racking sob into the side of Castiel’s still face. “I can’t do this without you, Cas,” Dean rasped, holding him closer. “I don’t want to do this without you. Please, Cas, I need you.”
Then suddenly Dean’s strong arms were under his armpits and he thought he was saved but then Dean was falling too and Castiel was falling into him, but not in the way he’d imagined.
“I do.” Cas let out a little sigh and let go of him, but did not move away. “I want more, Dean,” he admitted in a low voice. “I thought I could be satisfied with these dreams we have been sharing, but it is not enough. I want you. The real you.”
“Uh, yeah. Thanks.” Dean took the bag offered to him, fidgeting with the plastic. “Hey, my other bag hasn’t arrived yet, has it?” he asked, “Not that this isn’t great and all but I prefer my own workout clothes.”
“I don’t think that would be wise,” Castiel pointed out, his answer guarded, “considering you are a guest.”
Castiel sang four more songs before the end of the mass, and each time Dean was transported to a different plane of reality listening to him sing, his deep voice lilting over the notes like honey dripping over the edge of a spoon. Amber-sweet and a balm for the soul—that was Castiel.
“I brought you home,” Dean told him. “Made sure you were alright. I see you found the Advil I left you.”
“Dean, in my last relationship I was…pressured into having sex,” Castiel confessed, “I kept telling him no and when I finally gave in, things fell apart very soon after.” Castiel trailed off. His voice dropped to just above a whisper. “I was worried the same thing would happen should I…allow myself to become intimate with you. I wanted to wait until I was absolutely sure.”
Dean takes a steady breath and grips Castiel by the back of his neck, bringing his face in close to his. He notices the angel’s eyes go wide and hears the breath Cas sucks in between his teeth.
“Cas,” he said, licking his lips, “Is this about the other night? Cuz I told you, I’m fine waiting for you to be ready.” He grabbed Cas’s hand and gave it a squeeze to make his point. “You take as long as you need, babe. I’ll be right here.”
“Seriously, thank you,” Justin was saying. The blond looked at Cas earnestly. “I don’t know how I can ever repay you.”
“Sammy, it’s good to see you,” Dean said, stepping out of his brother’s embrace and clapping him on the shoulder. He looked down at Sam’s outfit. “What, you didn’t like the clown costume I sent you?” he teased.
Dean slipped his hand into Castiel’s the moment they left the building, leading him toward the park. His meeting with Mr. Chen wasn’t until four, so they had plenty of time to grab a leisurely lunch before Dean had to race uptown.
,” Castiel said, frowning. He pushed himself up into a sitting position, wincing at the throbbing in his head. “Dean, tell me something. If you were seeing someone else…would you be honest with me?”
,” he repeated, laughing again. “Guess that sums it up.” He grinned shamelessly and shook with laughter.
“Oh, uh…oops, sorry about that,” he said. He took a shuddering breath. It was now or never. “But hey, listen, I’ve meaning to call you anyway...now a good time?”
“The two guys in the booth over there,” Michael started, gesturing with a flick of his head to Sam and Dean, “They’re here about the murders.”
“Yes, I am aware,” Castiel replied, “And for that, I apologize. It…frustrates me that you don’t take your own talent seriously. That doesn’t excuse my complaining about it behind your back, but I hope you can at least understand where I am coming from.”
“I have to get back to work,” he interrupted. The man hesitated for just a second, blue eyes flickering uncertainly up to Dean’s intense green ones, and then he averted them and walked away.
Castiel looked down at his feet speeding over the ice in awe. When he looked back up the group in front of him was a lot closer. His eyes widened.
Castiel made a small disgruntled noise that said he’d much rather skip the conversation in lieu of the painkillers.
It was around then that Dean had started formulating his plans to fly to Minnesota to meet Cas’s parents. He wasn’t just doing it to follow tradition, or even because it was the
Dean laughed as he recognized the song. He joined in with Cas, singing along to the parts he remembered. Castiel, as always, never forgot a line.
our contracts with Archangel Industries!?” He held up the phone in his fist, his face hard and voice shaking with barely controlled rage. Dean wasn’t sure he’d ever seen his old man this angry before.
He’d gotten very good with his left hand too, Dean noted offhandedly—no pun intended, really, and nothing at all to do with the masterful hand job Cas had given him with it the night before.
“I could always come over another night if it would help,” Castiel suggested. Dean stopped his pacing and looked back at him, eyes wide and mouth slack.
Castiel blinked in surprise following that admission. He propped himself up on his elbow so that he could see Dean’s face better.
“I don’t understand,” Castiel said as Dean settled the coat on his shoulders and then looped the scarf around his neck a couple times, “Is this an early Christmas gift?”
Jo gasped and then melted against her mouth. Her lips were just as soft as Charlie had imagined they would be, and so much more besides—sweet with the faint taste of peaches and tart with the tang of cranberries from her drink—warm like a Xbox that had been running for too long or a sunbeam cast across her bedroom floor—and last of all,
Dean dropped his hand as though it had been slapped away, staring at Castiel in shock. The words stung, more than he cared to admit.
“Um…I’m just throwing this out there because I can relate but…don’t you think he might be freaking out a little about the menu prices?” she said.
“Dean, who’s your pretty friend?” John asked. He glanced between them, then looked at his son expectantly.
,” Dean breathed into him, palming him lightly. Castiel gripped the back of his head with his bum arm. The sensation of the hard plaster cast digging into his skull was quickly becoming a turn on for Dean, and he groaned when he felt fingers tugging at the short strands of his hair, pulling it backwards. Castiel’s teeth latched onto his neck a moment later, sucking greedily. He shifted, reached blindly for the pie box with his good hand—found it—and dragged it closer to him. Then he plunged his hand into the middle, came out with a large scoop and spread the whole dripping mess of it from Dean’s neck all the way down to the middle of his chest.
“Do not feel sorry for him,” Castiel continued, “Balthazar is a unique soul. He took his family’s rejection in stride and is now a very accomplished antiquities dealer.”
Castiel flushed red and looked away but said nothing. Dean tried to see things from his perspective, tried to work out what he could be thinking. From their conversation earlier…
At first, he barely dares to breathe. He wants to check the amulet, but it is in the pocket currently pressed into the couch, and reaching for it now would mean moving away from Dean. So instead Castiel lays rigid, watching Dean from the corner of his eye. The hunter reaches for his beer on the table and takes a casual sip. Castiel turns his attention back to the movie and relaxes by millimeters per minute.
At the mere mention of her name, Castiel’s face fell into a scowl that told Dean everything he needed to know.
Across from him, the Grays shared a look. William broke it first, dropping his gaze to the hands he had folded in his lap as he shifted uncomfortably in his chair. Dean couldn’t be sure, but he got the sense that he had lost whatever silent disagreement the two had been engaged in.
. He was at least grateful that John was in California and that Dean didn’t have to do this in person.
“Claire, I have something to say to you,” Castiel said. He lowered his hand. “I think you should consider a career in music,” he told her, “I have never seen anyone with your talent, apart from myself. I believe you could do great things if you were to pursue it seriously.”
“It’s called a safe word. You use it if you…uh, if you feel unsafe at all and you want me to untie you,” Dean explained. God damn but it was awkward teaching Bondage 101 to a freaking
Dean’s hands rose to frame Castiel’s face again, and as he stooped down to kiss him, Castiel’s mouth opened and he stretched forward eagerly to meet Dean’s lips. A sudden moan burst from him, breaking their kiss abruptly as the rubber ducky was forced back in with a sharp
Castiel convulsed under him as Dean’s finger rubbed over his prostate. He pushed a second finger into the tight opening. Castiel clenched around him and trembled, crying out in pleasure again as Dean’s fingers slid over that magic spot.
“I just want you to take the family business seriously,” the older Winchester said, “You’ve got a good thing going here.”
“Yeah,” he said, gulping down more air. His chest heaved under him. “Som’in like that.” He was just about done catching his breath. He grinned and reached for the pie. “Though I was thinking something more along the lines of
It’s also inevitable that Castiel starts to notice patterns in Dean’s behavior and emotions after a few weeks of carrying the necklace around with him. As always the hunter is infuriatingly complicated, and sorting out his emotions is a sticky web that Castiel wonders if he will ever be able to unravel.
Sam took a deep breath and pressed the blade into Dean’s forearm, causing a red line of blood to spring up in the shallow wound. Dean sucked in his breath, and Sam for his part at least looked apologetic when there wasn’t a reaction.
Dean whispered in his ear. He ran his hand down the length of him, then up again. He licked at the man’s earlobe and then worried it gently between his teeth.
needed to know you were okay,” Dean told him, jabbing a thumb into his chest, “‘Cause I sure as hell
Castiel grunts in response and lifts himself up off the table so that he can speak to Dean properly. He feels off-kilter and unnerved from the ghost of Dean’s fingers brushing against his scalp and the horribly contrasting feeling of his rejection.
“What’s that for?” Dean asked, leaning over his shoulder. He rested his chin on Cas’s shoulder and felt it when Cas turned and grinned at his nearness.
“I’m sorry. I’ve never experienced a relationship like yours before.” At the way Dean’s eyebrows lowered dangerously, Jack suddenly realized how that sounded. He held up his hands in defense. “I don’t mean because you are both men. I meant because you are happy. And affectionate. I’ve never seen another couple who kissed so much, except maybe some of the kids on my old school bus, but I was told by one of the girls—Lily was her name—that it was just to practice for the real thing.”
“Oh please, you’d think I was going to eat him alive,” Ellen said. He pulled Castiel closer when he failed to come on his own, then grabbed his chin in her face, turning it to one side. “There we go, sweetheart, look sharp.”
“The bellboy,” the older man said, nodding. His brow furrowed deeper. “How did you two become friends?” he asked, turning to Dean.
Castiel chuckled lightly and led him forward by the elbow. Dean’s feet stumbled just a little over the uneven blacktop, hands still fastened over his eyes.
“See you tomorrow, dear,” the older woman replied. As Castiel was turning to leave, she said, “You know, one of these days you’ll have to introduce me to this wonderful boyfriend of yours.”
“I don’t see how my apparel is relevant,” Castiel said, looking down at his usual getup. Dean quirked an eyebrow at him and received an eye roll in return. After a moment of deliberation, Castiel shrugged off his coat and laid it over the back of his chair.
“You gonna come for me, angel?” Dean murmurs against his skin. He grips Cas through his pants and smiles as the angel whines and grinds forward against his hand.
Dean dropped a quick peck on his lips, glanced once at the kid, then turned on his heel and retreated to the kitchen.
The first impression that Dean got when he stepped into the room was that if someone were to take a photograph and show it to someone from a hundred years ago, most of the room’s contents would be recognizable to that person. Of course there were modern differences in things such as book titles and light fixtures, but besides the digital alarm clock by the bed, the small radio on his desk, and the single poster on the wall next to this, there wasn’t much that would look out of place to a person from the 19
The first finger slipped in without him even aware that it had. Cas was still kissing him, moving from his mouth to his ear to his neck to his
“Was kinda hoping you’d give us your blessing too,” he added. His cheeks burned in a sudden flare of self-consciousness.
“Nice to meet you,” Castiel said, holding out his hand. Jo leaned over the bar and gave it a good strong shake. Castiel glanced between them. “How do you know one another?” he asked.
Castiel trails off and chances a look at Dean. The hunter’s forehead is pulled together in thought and there is a slight frown on his face, but without the pendant, Castiel has no idea what he is feeling. He takes a stab at it anyways.
Cas chuckled, but the sound was low and dangerous and put goosebumps up all over Dean’s skin. His hands tightened in Dean’s hair. “I am afraid that if I ‘let loose’ I will hurt you,” he growled, his eyes blazing as they looked down into Dean’s.
“Well, hop in,” Dean said. “I don’t mind playing chauffeur for Mr. Big Shot Airman.” He jerked his head towards the back seat. “But Graduate gets shotgun.”
Cas smiled up at him, and the heat in the smile made Dean’s cock twitch. “I would not object,” he said, cocking his head. “You know that I enjoy the feeling of your cum on me.”
“Cas!” Dean gasped, the angel’s words breaking over him like a wave. “This is supposed to be about you,” he managed to grit out. “I want to make you feel good, sweetheart.”
Dean rolled over with a grumble, reaching for Cas. When his hands encountered only pillows, he admitted defeat and opened his eyes. Cas was standing in the doorway watching him, a fond smile on his face. In his hands he had a tray, and Dean blinked at the sight of a vase filled with daffodils and one enormous sunflower whose petals were shot through with red.
He didn’t know how long he sat there letting the gently lapping water and wind console him, but eventually when his throat was raw and his head was pounding, he rose. He threw the other half of the sandwich into the lake, then poured in the second beer. Then, with hands that shook, he opened the little box.
Cas’ hands smoothed up and down Dean’s back, pulling him close. “I need to shower,” he murmured after several more minutes of kissing. He was smiling against Dean’s lips, brushing his nose against Dean’s. “I am disgusting.”
He’d carried Cas to the pyre himself, no more able to let Sam help than he was able to let his brother help him wrap Cas’ body.
Cas’ gorgeous eyes widened as he gave Dean a sad smile. “Of course I am,” he said firmly. “And when you are feeling better, we are also going to talk about your reckless self-sacrifice.”
Dean nodded, leaning over and giving Cas a soft kiss before starting the car up and driving them back to John’s house.
“The djinn ‘whammy’ is very potent,” Cas said making his stupid little air quotes. The sight warmed Dean’s heart. It was so adorkably Cas.
away. He repeated the action over and over until the box was empty, then went to the trunk and got a shovel. He buried the box at the base of the willow tree by the water, then stood looking out over the lake.
“Dean,” Cas said, relief breaking over his face like sunshine after a thunderstorm. He leaned in and they shared a slow, languid kiss. “I love you.” He hesitated and it was Dean’s turn to give a worried look. “I should note that I am still, as you said, ‘balls deep’ inside of you. Perhaps your  feelings will change when I am no longer buried within you.”
“Oh fuck yeah,” Dean said, sliding off the bed and pulling Cas up by the forearm. He caught the angel with a laugh as Cas stumbled against him and for a moment, they just held each other. “You ok, angel?”
“It’s a djinn!” Cas hissed, cupping his cheeks and looking into his eyes. “It is feeding on your fear, Dean!"
"The city took the trash from the big dumpsters on Fridays," Cas said, reaching out and lacing his fingers through Dean's. "Even though my vessel no longer has need of food, I often find myself feeling anxious early Friday mornings as though I must still wake up and hurry to beat the trucks to the dumpsters so that I do not starve over the oncoming weekend." He took a deep breath, looking up into Dean's eyes. "The point is...those are things which, despite how far removed they are from my present reality, are able to return my mind to places I would rather forget." He cocked his head, the gesture so deeply familiar that Dean found himself bringing Cas' hand to his lips and kissing it. "I suppose I am asking if you have similar things, so that we may avoid them if possible, and if not, be prepared to face them. Together."
“You have me,” Cas replied, his voice rough. He put one of his hands over Dean’s, his gorgeous eyes searching Dean’s. “I have always been yours, Dean.”
Dean took a sip of coffee, letting out a pleased sigh. “I’m always down to celebrate,” he said, raising an eyebrow. “What’s the occasion?”
“I will never let him hurt you again,” Cas said firmly, bringing Dean’s hand to his lips and kissing his knuckles. He hesitated. “I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you, Dean.”
“I…” Cas sighed. “I know that your family situation is difficult,” he said finally. “But I also don’t want to hide, Dean.” He pulled back a little and propped himself up on his elbow. “I am proud to love you, even if the world would judge me for it.”
let Cas be hurt that way. He just couldn’t. Cas was the best thing in his life. The brightest, most pure, beautiful, incredible thing.
Cas pulled back, letting Dean slip from between his lips as he looked up at him, breathing hard. “Dean,” he rasped, his gorgeous eyes wide. “Do you remember Chicago? The shower?”
“Cas,” Dean whispered. He climbed up onto one of the rickety folding chairs, hoping that it would hold his weight. “CAS!”
He grabbed the jar, feeling his eyes start to burn and water. He’d done the rest of the shopping in a daze, doing his best to smile at the cashier as the older gentleman checked him out.
Cas’ eyes were shining as the smile went from one of relief to that enormous, gummy smile. “I love you too, Dean,” he said before kissing him again.
Alastair’s lip twitched, but his eyes didn’t leave Cas. “The things that I made him do,” he mused, holding the angel’s eyes. Cas’ narrowed in response and Dean saw his jaw clench. “The ways that he allowed himself to be used and degraded, it’s a wonder you could bear to touch something so base. So...
Dean exhaled in a long, shaking breath. “Cas I...I need you to know that I want you,” he blurted out. “Ok? The...the-” he blushed. “The sex stuff...I
"DON'T YOU FUCKING TOUCH HIM!" Dean bellowed as they stood in a circle around Cas just as they used to with him.
Cas didn’t call him out on the half-assed excuse. He got up, rubbing his hip, giving Dean an uncertain smile. “Do you not do this often?”
Dean couldn’t help himself; he started moving his own hips against the mattress, seeking friction, and began sucking in earnest, tongue moving around the head of Cas’ cock and down the shaft, moaning encouragingly. Cas’ hand shot down, fingers tangling in Dean’s hair but not pushing, just letting them rest there, digging into Dean’s scalp whenever he ran his tongue over the slit of Cas’ dick.
He trailed off, the meaning of Cas’ request hitting him like a train. His mouth dropped open, head spinning with a sudden barrage of images. Shockingly, it didn’t make his dick flag. If anything, it had the opposite effect.
“Meet me in my office once you’re done for the day. I’ll get you past that writer’s block if I have to beat it out of your skull with a typewriter.”
Cas kept it up, fucking Dean on his fingers with one hand, spanking his ass and the tops of his thighs with the other, setting an almost ruthless pace and drawing an endless string of gasps and groans from Dean.
“Then don’t,” Cas says. His voice is small and lost like a child’s, so at odds with his earlier cold determination.
The first slap came as a complete surprise. That was the only reason Dean yelped, and he was sticking by that. The next two came in quick succession, catching each of Dean’s cheeks, and he was pushing into it without even meaning to. It hurt, but not too badly, and every blow seemed to send a jolt right down to Dean’s dick.
It’s early Saturday afternoon but the slight drizzle keeps most people away. Dean has Emma strapped to his chest, shielding her from the rain with an umbrella, but he gets the feeling she wouldn’t notice it anyway. Their first stop is one of the monkey cages and Emma is captivated, shrieking with laughter and babbling cheerful nonsense at the unimpressed looking monkeys.
He found Cas in a small group in the living room, including Meg, Anna, Balthazar, and a bunch of people Dean didn't know yet. Cas jumped slightly when Dean put his hand on his waist but his surprise soon melted into a wide smile when he turned and faced him.
Those words stung. Dean reached out instinctively for Cas’ hand, stopping himself half-way. He was about to draw his hand back when Cas grabbed it, squeezing it firmly.
Dean clears his throat. As much as he needs the money right now, he’s not comfortable getting it by pushing Castiel into something he’s not ready for. “You sure you wanna go this way about it? It’s a pretty big leap from only wanting to have sex with your soulmate to paying to get it from a stranger.”
Castiel’s eyes are huge and sad, and impossibly blue. Dean already loves them, knows he’ll be seeing that shade of blue wherever he goes now. Unable to resist, he grabs Castiel’s arm and pulls him close.
Another social faux-pas, although Castiel should really not be surprised at this point. He doesn’t generally mind when Meg is treated as the boss in the relationship – she is, really – but he knows Dean is one of those alphas who would consider it a grave insult.
"Not quite." Cas smirks humorlessly, finally turning to look at him. "It's more a pet project of mine."
Jimmy clearly doesn't buy it, but he drops the topic. They spend the rest of lunch break in awkward silence.
“… Okay,” Dean said, dread replaced with confusion. Not that he didn’t prefer this to her being uncool about it, but this was seriously weirding him out. Mom was loving, sure, but they’d never been the most outspoken family. “Is this about Cas?”
The fucker sounded so amused, too. For how fast he’d gotten the prep over with, he didn’t seem to be in a hurry now that he had his dick inside Dean.
Dean was still pondering this when Cas leaned in and kissed him on the lips, oddly sweet considering what they‘d just been up to.
The rest of the evening passed uneventfully and Dean heaved a sigh of relief as he closed the door behind Mom, Sam, and Eileen. He walked back into the kitchen, where Cas was putting away the dishes.
Dean somehow tastes even better than he smells and for once in his life Castiel has no interest in constraining his inner alpha. He turns them around, shoving Dean against the door and feeling a bolt of satisfaction and lust when Dean whimpers into his lips. He feels like
As Castiel prepares the coffee, Dean watches quietly. The way he looks, the way he moves seems completely human. Dean at least couldn’t tell the difference. It’s impressive and more than a little disconcerting.
Whatever. Like Sam needs to be told to figure out that Cas' number is on that piece of paper. "Are you gonna call him?"
Feeling boldened, Dean lifted his hips and ground down. His thighs trembled slightly with the effort of going so slow but he kept his rhythm, almost choking on his tongue when Cas’ cock brushed against that spot from before.
It’s another restless night. Maybe some other time, Dean would go to the shooting range or the kitchen, find some way to distract himself. But the bunker is stuffed full of people, most of whom rarely sleep through the night, and Dean doesn’t feel like talking to anyone.
This is definitely a bad idea, but Dean didn't drive half-way across the country just to turn around on Cas' doorstep, so before he can talk himself out of it he enters the bookstore.
Dean is also aware of, in a way that he wasn't until now, how people avert their eyes when they walk past him. Can't look too long at the crazy guy talking to himself, he might notice you.
“It isn’t that I don’t want to see other places,” Cas says. “But I’ve never stepped a foot outside this building. I wouldn’t know how to do it.”
Charlie must pick up on some of that energy anyway because she carefully asks, “So how’d it go with the hot professor on Friday?”
Castiel glances down, at their bodies still naked and somewhat intertwined. He looks back up at Dean, pointedly.
Dean closed his eyes. His stomach had dropped to the ground at the sound of Cas’ voice but there was no escaping now. Cas had seen him, had seen them both, standing next to each other in the hall. And he was coming over.
“Mostly short stories,” he says. He’s not sure what possesses him to add, “And it hasn’t been published but, uh, some poetry, too.”
Without even really making a decision about it, Castiel jogs across the road. There’s a small sign in the window of the brewery’s door declaring it open so Castiel steps inside, glancing around. The area in the front looks like a gift shop, with racks of bottle openers, novelty magnets and recipe books lining the walls.
“Sure,” Sam said, with a smarmy grin, because he was a smarmy dick. “Maybe find something to cover that hickey while you’re at it.”
. It was such a juvenile term but Dean felt like a giddy teenager right now, anyway. “Oh, I’m full."
Just as they've finished packing up, Sam finds a piece of paper on the kitchen counter. There's a number written on it and some message underneath, but before Sam has a chance to read it, Dean's snatched it up.
Then she's walking away, leaving behind a faint coconut smell. Sam turns to his locker, trying to get his heartbeat under control. This is no big deal, right? It's just a party. It's not like Sam hasn't been to parties before.
“Please, ah-” Dean swallowed, hardly believing what he was about to say, feeling both humiliated by it and turned on beyond belief. “
“Are you?” Dean challenged, a thrill going through him as Cas’ eyes darkened at the tease. “I’m not sure I believe you without any proof.”
In the end, such drastic measures don’t prove necessary. Castiel spends five long hours with Crowley and by the end of it, he’s not quite back on track but he’s getting there.
“My husband is just as bad,” she confides. “He would let this one get away with murder if it weren’t for me.”
. Cas could laugh at him and call him ridiculous all he liked, Dean was too overwhelmed with relief to care. He’d kept this huge, ridiculous, utterly stupid secret for their entire relationship and it getting out hadn’t broken them.
“But your father is dead,” Cas says, as if Dean needs the reminder. “Surely that must change things.”
Dean took a deep swig of his third beer, glancing around the Roadhouse once more. When he’d come here an hour ago, Castiel had already been sitting in a corner booth opposite two women, one of which had to be Meg. Dean had taken a seat at the bar where he could see them, then proceeded to spend the next hour watching them as sneakily as he could.
Only years of experience behind the wheel prevent Dean’s hands from twitching wildly and veering them into oncoming traffic.
“If it were up to her, we’d never leave. We can’t give in every time she starts crying, she’ll stop as soon as she sees something else she likes.”
He opens his mouth, panics as he realizes he has no idea what to start with, and ends up blurting out, “My dad died.”
Dean could feel the beginning of panic setting in but he didn’t have much time to react. Cas crouched over him, putting his hands on Dean’s knees and gently spreading them. Dean allowed him to, lust and apprehension turning over in his stomach, making him dizzy with it.
Dean hesitates but then complies. Maybe the tiny bit of distance will make the endless crying more bearable.
Cas shrugs. He’s looking down at Emma with a small, gentle smile and Dean feels something in his chest clench at the sight.
When he gets back to the apartment, Novak is sitting in the living room. He looks annoyed when Dean gets in, no doubt internally judging him for being out so late, but his face falls when he gets a better look at Dean.
Dean is very grateful Cas isn't there to see how red he's turning. "Did you call just to harass me?"
Cas doesn't reply, so Dean walks past him, exiting the library through the side entrance. He doesn't realize until later that he forgot to pick out a book for his essay.
“I don’t know.” Dean averts his gaze, looking suddenly unsure of himself. “Wasn’t it? You don’t even like me.”
“Mom.” He closed the door behind him, clinging to the doorknob for a moment before letting go. “What are you doing here?”
"I guess so. Oh!" Jimmy looks up, somewhere over their shoulders. Dean turns around, but he can't see anything. "I think I need to go now."
“Hey,” Dean repeated, but without any heat. He couldn’t quite wrap his head around where this conversation was going. “So… does that mean you’ve decided to forgive me?”
Castiel ducks, grasping Dean’s thighs as he dives in between his legs. At the first touch of Castiel’s tongue against his hole Dean stiffens, breath catching in his chest and hand grasping at Castiel’s head for purchase. Castiel doesn’t hesitate, lapping at the slick already dripping from Dean’s hole, groaning at the taste, sweet and heady.
"I do want to date you," Dean says. He knows he shouldn't, but he says it anyway. He can't stand lying to Jimmy anymore. He's done not talking. What does any of it matter, anyway? "But I can't. Because you're dead."
Dean approaches the counter, wincing at the way his shoes squelch as he walks. He should’ve just sucked it up and put on some rainboots. “Yeah?”
Perhaps he’d gone a step too far with the implied threat but Castiel couldn’t bring himself to regret it when Dean’s smug smirk dropped.
he should just apologize and go home but it’s like he’s watching himself from the outside, unable to control what he’s saying.
“Maybe never,” Dean argued, biting down on his lip as he got another slap on the ass for his backtalk. “My neighbor’s enough of a perv already.”
Meanwhile, Cas reached between his legs with his free hand, teasing his perineurium, one dry fingertip rubbing over Dean’s hole.  This wasn’t unfamiliar territory to Dean, who’d had some adventurous girlfriends in the past, but the thought of what was coming next made it feel completely new. He couldn’t help grinding down into the sensation, and he couldn’t even feel ashamed about it when it made Cas grin against his neck.
He licked his lips, filled with indecision. Looking someone up online was one thing, but going somewhere you knew they’d be in real life? That felt like crossing a line Dean wasn’t sure he was comfortable with crossing.
Cas frowned, looking confusedly between Daphne and Dean, who could barely muster an apologetic smile. It felt more like a grimace.
It works, a little. Cas’ posture loosens and he glances at Dean, smiling half-heartedly. “I suppose not. What about you?”
) than Cas puts his hand on the back of Dean's neck and pulls him in. At first Sam is sure they're gonna kiss, but no, there's smoke passing from Cas' mouth and into Dean's. They're shotgunning.
The day starts out pretty unremarkable. Dean wakes up at the crack of dawn to Cas slipping out of bed for his morning jog. He pulls him down for a good-morning kiss that turns into a make-out session that turns into them trading lazy handjobs and then falling asleep in each other’s arms again.
, it’s only been ten minutes since they met, and Dean feels his absence like a hole in his heart. Is this what having a soulmate is? Because it
Cas’ shoulders go stiff. He returns his book to the shelf, turning around to face Dean with a contrite expression. He’s still not looking Dean in the eye, though.
He positions himself, grasping his dick and guiding it into Dean’s hole. It seems to suck him inside, wet and warm and yet impossibly tight. Castiel can’t help himself, he slams his cock the rest of the way inside and relishes the deep, guttural moan Dean releases.
Then his fingers hit something inside Dean that sent a white-hot spark of lust straight through him.
For some reason, Dean finds himself back in the library after school. He didn't even mean to go there, but it's where his feet took him. He's as drawn to this place as he is repelled by it.
Dean expects the next few days to be awkward. What he doesn’t expect is for Cas to avoid him altogether, so successfully that even though they’re both in the bunker they don’t run into each other once in over a week.
He gets up at eight. The first thing he did, the first day they were back in the bunker after everything went down, was set his alarm clock. Dean needs this bit of structure, needs something that will get him out of bed feeling semi-normal every morning. Miracle helps, rushing in every morning at the sound of the alarm, and yeah, Dean had been as surprised as anyone to find himself attached to a dog, but it can’t be helped. The mutt is just too lovable.
It wasn’t that Dean had ever expected him and Daphne to last. She was an archetypal good-girl, crucifix around her neck, bible in her bedroom drawer and all. The only thing they had in common was needing to get over an ex, and that was what had brought them together.
Dean threw his head back on the pillow with a groan. “You can fuck me, but only if you promise never to call it that again.”
Dean slumps against the shelf behind him. His body feels heavy, burdened with this sudden knowledge. Jimmy didn't just drop dead, he was
“There’s always the vow renewal,” Cas says, the casual statement managing to sound like a threat, and Dean shuts up.
Inside, the smell is even stronger, permeating every nook and cranny. Castiel lets out a low growl without meaning to, and when Dean tugs at him again it’s the most natural thing in the world to go along and let himself be pulled into a heated kiss.
Dean was pretty sure the words he’d used had been much more graphic than ‘special fondness’. But still. “You remembered that?”
Not that it really matters what Dean wants. At twenty-eight, he is way past the average age for soulmate bonding. For some people, it just doesn’t happen, and Dean’s made his peace with being one of them.
“You want me to crash your date?” Charlie purses her lips and Dean rolls his eyes. “Not-date, friend date, whatever.”
Cas always liked to pretend he didn’t have a lot of friends but he had no problem filling his spacious apartment with guests. By the time Dean arrived, a careful twenty minutes late and with a text from Charlie assuring him that Daphne wasn’t there yet, the party was already in full swing and the place was packed.
They finished the episode together, then Sam left with yet another reminder for Dean to get over himself and rejoin decent society. As Dean looked around the apartment, he couldn’t ignore the nagging feeling that Sam had a point. The curtains were drawn and the kitchen counter was littered with empty take-out boxes and bottles of beer. Dean let out a sigh, allowing himself one more moment of indulgent self-pity, then got to work.
The vamp charges him again but it’s head is lopped off before it reaches him. It’s just Sam and Dean standing now, and Dean is only on his feet by the grace of whatever pierced through him. It’s keeping him pinned, keeping him upright and in devastating pain, and oh.
Charlie would love him, Dean thinks, but he hesitates at the thought of actually introducing them. He kind of likes having Cas to himself.
“No,” he lies, because he’s not up for another one of Cas’ lectures about how gender is a construct.
"Really?" Dean turns and looks at the clock on the wall. "Huh. What d'ya know. Think it's time to start closing, Cas?"
That strategy of ignore and avoid works for a few days. Then Castiel returns to his office after giving a lecture and there Crowley is, sitting at his desk.
"It might be interesting to go," Jimmy continues. "I've heard that drive-in-theaters used to be popular for dates."
“Where were you?” Dean asks as soon as he walks through the door, even though he promised himself not to make a bigger deal out of it than he already has.
Dean looks down at the burning bones, thinks how this is Jimmy’s killer. He feels a sense of hollow satisfaction but it soon fades, leaving him with nothing but grief.
He swallowed instinctively around Cas’ dick, causing Cas to thrust into his mouth. It went deeper than Dean expected and he just barely held back from choking. Weirdly enough, his cock went from zero to half-hard at that. Flushing, Dean grasped Cas’ hips and with a push of his hands, encouraged him to move a little. Cas took the hint and started to thrust in small, manageable movements that pushed his dick against Dean’s tongue but not down his throat.
"In case the ghost shows up," he explains as he hands the crowbar to Dean. "We need to be able to protect ourselves."
“Doesn’t mean he’s got all his shit figured out. Trust me, you can be loud and proud about who you are and still feel shame when it comes to actually,” Charlie makes an obscene gesture with her hand, “y’know, putting that stuff into practice.”
Dean takes a sip. The coffee is a little too hot still and it tastes as mediocre as it always does. It wouldn’t surprise him if every cup Cas makes was identical to the last. “That wasn’t an answer.”
The words tumble out faster than Dean can stop them. His mouth goes dry when Cas turns to look at him, eyes wide with shock, but there’s a reckless pounding in his heart that makes him push past the doubt.
during the afternoon a couple of days later and Castiel isn’t working. There’s Jimmy, Emmanuel, and Lucifer (
Except he kind of was. What else would you call someone who cyber-stalked their ex's ex just to seduce them and prove they're better than them?
“You like that?” Dean murmured into Cas’ ear, pumping his hand and twisting it at the top in a way he knew felt amazing. “Let me hear, baby.”
Dean smiles. It hurts but it’s okay, because Sam smiles back, just for a second, and it’s enough. It has to be enough, because time’s running out.
Dean doesn’t wanna call him out on it. He feels sick thinking about all the things he could have done that he doesn’t remember, everything he might have said to Cas.
He climbs into the backseat and Cas wordlessly scoots over to accommodate him. For once, he’s not looking at Dean, instead staring straight ahead, shoulders ramrod straight.
Sam huffed, and Dean smirked to himself, knowing that he’d won this round. “Fine. Just tell me you’re gonna leave the house soon. Or at least take a shower.”
Castiel didn’t mean to but he stopped short. Dean was wearing jeans and a dark t-shirt, the bare skin on his arms glistening from the physical effort of moving. He looked like the perfect alpha specimen, an Adonis come to life. Castiel had the desperate urge to reach for his pencil and sketchbook.
Dean bit his lip, inching closer to the half-open door. He wasn’t usually the kind of guy who spied on his girlfriends, but Daphne had been acting distant all evening. It had been more than ten minutes since she’d left for the bathroom, dinner untouched on her plate. So sue him, he was worried.
“I understand that inviting exes to these kind of functions can be a social faux pas, especially given that our relationship is still relatively new,” Cas continued, completely oblivious to Dean having a minor meltdown not two feet from him. “But Daphne is someone important to me and it’s not as if there’s any danger of us getting back together.”
huge thanks to my best girl avyssoseleison once again for reading through this and helping me actually get it done.
“You keep teasing like this,” Dean said, voice a lot breathier and more affected than he was willing to admit, “I’m not gonna come until tomorrow.”
Reaching into his pocket, Dean pulled out a quarter. He turned it over between his fingers, then tossed it decisively, catching it in his closed palm. Heads he’d go, tails he wouldn’t.
They play. They drink some more. Dean flirts a little, subtle enough so that Cas probably doesn’t notice, or at least doesn’t object. He might even be flirting back, though Dean has a hard time telling. Everything Cas does is sexy to him.
Cas stares off to the side for a while. Dean watches him silently, waiting for the answer. He’s not gonna let Cas get away with not talking here; he can do this all night if he needs to.
“Actually, we used to date,” Daphne said, with the tone of someone sharing a fun fact or a slightly amusing coincidence.
Instead, he would have to avoid Daphne for the duration of the party. Keep an eye out for her, make sure they weren’t ever in the same room, stay in the bathroom for half the night if he needed to. Shouldn’t be too hard, right?
Cas was looking like he regretted ever demanding an explanation from Dean. “I think I need to sit down.”
He tries to sit up further and Cas takes the hint to help him but between the efforts of two drunk, uncoordinated people, Dean somehow finds himself slipping off the couch, landing halfway on top of Cas and halfway on the floor.
“Yeah, she’s a champ,” Dean says, chest swelling with pride. He can still see Emma from here, toddling her way up the short steps to the slide.
He felt Cas’ lips brush the inside of his knee and then a second finger joined the first and Dean whimpered the angel’s name, urging him on.
Just then, his phone buzzed and Dean yanked it out of his pocket, expecting to see a voicemail from his father.
“You are safe,” Cas said, his eyes wide and worried as they searched Dean’s. “I swear to you, Dean. You are safe with me.” He cocked his head and broke Dean’s heart with his next words.  “Can I ask what I did to upset you? So that I know not to do it again?”
John was wearing a rumpled sports coat over a stained collared shirt and dark slacks. His eyes were bloodshot and there was at least three days worth of stubble on his face.
Wordlessly, Dean put his hand over Cas’. “You worry too much,” he managed to say with something like a smile.
The angel’s eyes cut in his direction, widening a tiny bit before he returned to washing. “It is good to be home,” he said after a few minutes of companionable silence.
Dean nodded, throttling down the surge of need that made him want to take Cas in hand hard and drive him relentlessly over the edge. “Like this,” he said softly, tightening his hand and beginning to stroke in a slow, easy rhythm.
Cas' words vanished into a scream as Alastair rammed an angel blade into his chest just below his clavicle and jerked it up, using it as a lever to snap the bone.
“Amazing the things that keep them close to us,” Daniel said with an understanding smile. “My Anita loved lavender candles, I always hated them. Said it smelled like grandma.” He gave a soft, sad laugh. “Now I can’t stop burning them. Makes me feel like she’s just in the other room.”
“I am uncomfortable with you facing him alone,” Cas said gently and Dean felt something inside him give.
Dean nodded and groaned when Cas moved lower, nipping Dean’s skin. “I love how you taste,” Cas said, licking over the spot where had used his teeth.
“Can we not call it that?” he rushed to explain when Cas looked slightly hurt. “Makes me feel like I’m at the doctor’s office.”
than me, Dean. I am flawed and often foolish and, as I am often reminded, awkward.” He rose up on his knees, kissing Dean’s cheek. “You deserve the entire cosmos, love, and I swear to you I will spend my life attempting to give it to you.” He leaned in, resting his forehead against Dean’s. “I see you, Dean Winchester, and I adore you, for all that you are, have ever been, and ever shall be.”
“Tell you what,” Dean said against his angel’s lips. “Since I forgot our ‘anniversary’, why don’t you let me give you a little something right here, right now?”
He felt Cas shrug beneath him. “You enjoy taking care of the people around you, particularly by feeding them. And you are very handsome.”
Cas kissed him with a soft murmur, pulling him close. “It is you who is beautiful,” he said quietly, rubbing his nose against Dean’s.
Dean focused on doing the things that he enjoyed when getting head, having no prior experience giving it to fall back on, and spent the first few minutes teasing, slowly kissing his way up and down until Cas’ hands were threaded through his hair and the angel was rocking his hips.
He didn’t deserve to be saved. He didn’t deserve Cas’ presence in his life, much less the deep friendship the two of them had forged.
Dean frowned, shifting a little so that he could look at Cas more easily. "Ok, Cas," he said. "I'll bite. What's wrong with Laundromats and Fridays?"
“Hey,” Dean said, catching his chin and making Cas look at him. He took a deep breath. “I love you, Castiel.”
called you," Cas said firmly. He knew that Cas made an effort to stay out of his head, but there was a hint of something in Cas' voice, like he'd picked up on what Dean was thinking.
the way Cas cried out his name and rocked backwards, chasing the sensation, only to let out a frustrated whimper when Dean pulled back.
"I have you, Dean," Cas was murmuring. "I have you. You are home and safe and more loved than I could begin to express." He repeated the simple phrases over and over like a litany, rubbing Dean's back as his heart finally began to slow.
Dean was happy to oblige, and soon the two of them were moving together again, slowly building their pleasure back up.
“Sweetheart,” Dean said, his mind whirling. “You’re gonna go back to D.C.,” he said, even though it fucking
“Fuck yeah,” Dean said, grinning at him to still the butterflies in his belly. He grew serious as the angel’s eyes held his. “It’s you, Cas,” he said softly. “It’s just...you. I…” he brushed his lips over Cas’. “I’m yours too, sweetheart. I always have been.”
“Dean,” Cas said, propping himself up on his elbow and looking into Dean’s eyes. “Knowing that you love me as I love you...It is already more than I could have ever dreamed. If you cannot be physically intimate with me, it changes nothing.” He leaned in, rubbing his nose against Dean’s. “I will adore you and be proud to be yours, regardless of if we can pursue sexual gratification.” The adoration he spoke of was scrawled across his face as he brushed his lips over Dean’s. “You are perfect for me exactly as you are, Dean Winchester.”
“I fucking love you, Cas,” Dean said in a ragged whisper, pulling Cas in for a deep kiss. “Thank you for...for all of that. For loving me. For protecting me. For being patient with me.” His voice broke. “Thanks for saving me, Cas.”
“No,” Cas said, leaning his forehead against Dean’s. “I know the truth of your soul, Dean Winchester. You are strong, and brave, and
“You got it, baby,” Dean said before pressing them against Cas’ hole, stroking in a slow circle before easing his fingers in. He fucking
“I don’t…” Cas gritted his teeth, clenching his eyes shut. “I don’t want to hurt you,” he rasped out eventually. “I want this to be good, Dean.”
His jaw ached with how hard he was clenching his teeth and then they pulled into the alleyway and there at the end…
Fuck, he’d laughed when Sam told him Cas felt that way about jam. Dean was a preserves man himself (it was closer to pie), but he’d always made sure that they had the concord grape jelly in the house after that, just in case.
And fuck, fuck, Dean had never really allowed himself to contemplate that. Fuck, Cas had seen everything? Everything that he had done?
Cas was clinging to him now, his body molded against Dean’s as they moved together. It wasn’t an elegant dance, but as Dean leaned his head on top of Cas’, he couldn’t help but feel that didn’t matter.
Cas paused for a moment, then nodded with a slow, sultry smile. He gently pulled his hands from Dean’s grasp and crossed them at the wrists over his head. “How’s this?” he asked, looking adorably bashful.
He took a second to gather his thoughts, kissing Cas in the interim. “You’re strong, Cas,” he said finally. “And loyal. And kind. And determined and weird and goofy and
“My pleasure, Dear,” she said before disappearing into the back of house, leaving the scent of clove in the air.
“You always do,” Dean replied, kissing him again. “I’m sorry that I didn’t realize that was today,” he said when they came up for air.
. "Surely if you are as proficient as you say, you would not need to speak on the subject so much." He let out a harsh bark of laughter. "To think, I have suffered far worse torture at the hands of my own brothers and sisters in
Cas was patient though. And stubborn. And he went at his own pace, slowly working Dean open with two fingers, then three, stroking and teasing until Dean was all but begging for Cas to hurry up and just fuck him already.
Cas’ answering smile was luminous, the sweetness at odds with the clever way Cas’ fingers were beginning to work him.
Dean eased the underwear down, tossing them across the room and rocking back onto his knees for a moment to look at his partner. “Fuck, you’re gorgeous,” he said, running his fingers from one of Cas’ hip bones to the other.
“I love you,” Cas said, kissing him. His voice dropped an octave as his lips found Dean’s ear. “And no randos,” he said firmly.
“I swear that woman knows everyone,” Bobby grumbled. “All fine and good as long as you’re on her good side. Otherwise she can be a real witch.”
“Dean,” Cas said, pulling back just a little and looking into his eyes. “Are you sure that this...that
“NO!” he sobbed, lurching out from behind the man he loved and putting his body between Cas and John. “No, Cas, no! You can’t you
He barely got the last word out before Cas was thrusting into his mouth harder than Dean could ever recall the angel doing it before. His hands were tight in Dean’s hair, and he was growling a steady stream of Enochian as he slammed his cock into Dean’s throat and held it for a beat. Dean shuddered around him and reached up to caress Cas’ balls, loving how the angel’s hands tightened in his hair. Cas jerked back with another phrase gasped in Enochian and Dean looked up at him, wiping the drool from his lips. “Wanna share with the rest of the class?” he teased.
“You got wool in your ears boy?” John asked, taking a few steps down the stairs. “Get the fuck out of here, or I’m gonna blow you sky high and bury you in the back forty.” He sneered. “It’s not like there’s anyone who’s gonna miss you.”
“I don’t deserve you,” Dean said, pulling back and looking into Cas’ eyes. “Fuck, Cas, how can you feel that way about me when I’m so god damn broken?”
And unbelievably, when he met Cas' eyes, the angel shot him the tiniest smile. It was there for only an instant, making his crows feet flicker into existence and disappear.
Dean deepened this kiss then, urging Cas’ lips open with his tongue and pouring every ounce of what he was feeling into the kiss. He clutched the angel to him hard, rocking against Cas as the angel tightened his arms around him. “Love you,” he managed to rasp.
He let his best friend take him into his arms and kiss him again, the kiss starting slow and gentle but rapidly escalating as years of longing suddenly bubbled to the surface. Dean found himself pressing Cas up against the door with his leg slotted between Cas’ thighs and his hands tangled in his hair, kissing him hungrily.
Dean pulled back, earning himself such a deep groan that he almost came right then and there all over his floor. “Let it go, baby,” he rasped, looking up at his partner. “Take what you need from me.” He winked. “And would it kill you to let loose a little? Maybe drop an ‘f-bomb’ now and then?”
“You?” Cas said wryly, reaching out and taking Dean’s hands again, bringing them to his lips. “Dean, wait.”
Cas was breathing hard by the time he was done, and for a moment Dean just watched the rapid rise and fall of the angel’s chest. “Fucking gorgeous,” he said, reaching up to rest his hand over Cas’ heart.
Dean forced himself to relax into the unwanted kiss, tamping down the surge of disgust and horror as Alastair’s tongue pushed into his mouth. In the distance he heard Cas thrashing against his bonds and snarling at Alastair.
“Dean,” Cas rumbled in that voice that made Dean’s breath pick up and his heart flutter in his chest. “We could maintain the approximate rating of that show with the purple dinosaur, and it will not change how I feel about you.”
His begging was interrupted by a sudden bang and then the metal door to the room they were in swung open and in strode Castiel, fully dressed and armed with his angel blade. His eyes blazed blue and the lesser demons scattered, screaming as the shadows of massive wings were briefly illuminated on the wall. "Alastair," Cas growled, striding forward. The fight that followed was brief, the implacable angel smiting the demon with ruthless efficiency, before he turned and yanked Dean to his feet, heedless of his own prone form on the floor.
Dean felt the familiar burning at the back of his throat that had nothing to do with what he had just done for Cas. “Only you could make me fucking weepy when you’re about to suck me off,” Dean said, caressing Cas’ cheek. “I love you, you dork.”
“You’re welcome to join me,” Cas said quietly. “We don’t have to do anything,” he hurried to add. “I just thought it might be nice.”
“Fuck yeah!” Dean moaned as Cas thrust into him hard enough that his back arched up off the bed. “Fuck, Cas, fuck just like that!”
Dean had always assumed that they’d lose touch when Cas joined up. But Cas was as dependable as ever, sending letters and calling when he could. Dean wasn’t much of a letter writer, but he made an exception for Cas.
Cas blinked for a moment, then blushed. “I said my heart and body are yours,” he said softly. “And that I will treasure you for all time.” He let out a little laugh. “It probably sounded dirtier in Enochian.”
Throughout it all, he kept his wrists crossed over his head. Dean reached up and grabbed them with one hand, allowing more of his weight to fall on the angel, pinning him to the bed so that he could grind against Cas.
They met somewhere in the middle and Dean caught Cas in a tight hug, grunting as Cas squeezed him tightly
He didn’t want to contemplate it too deeply, not as they said their goodbyes. Thinking through the loss could wait until he’d collected Cas’ ashes in a simple wooden box so that they wouldn’t leave any of him behind in this fucking place.
The three of them sat down and Dean found himself stealing glances at Cas during the boring part of the commencement.
Cas was looking up at him, his gorgeous eyes wide, with streaks of cum across his cheek and forehead. Another streak glistened in the angel’s hair and at the sight Dean couldn’t help but feel something dark and feral stir within him.
“C’mere,” Dean said, pulling Cas to his feet and grabbing the damp towel. He cleaned Cas off tenderly and then kissed him slow and sweet, one of his hands resting at the back of Cas’ head, the other on his waist. “I fucking love you, Castiel,” he said, surprised that his throat was tight with emotion.
The angel looked around the small living area at the three hunters, starting with Sam and Bobby and ending with Dean. He quirked an eyebrow at Dean’s current predicament.
“Yes, that is correct,” Castiel answered him. He frowned, knowing what was coming next. He really just wanted to eat, but Samuel seemed intent upon provoking him.
He was already feeling a little off balance after the long day and the dawning realization that Cas was baking cookies with the
Jo grinned at her and leaned across her breakfast bar. Charlie blinked slowly and tried very hard not to think about what she would look like on top of it. Naked.
Dean lets out a long-suffering sigh and places a hand at his forehead. Something tells Jacob that he’s used to dealing with this sort of thing.
brought a light blush to his face every single time he remembered. The thought was always immediately followed by
“Dean,” he said. Dean stopped at the slight whine that pitched his voice higher than normal and turned back to face him. Castiel’s fingers wiggled underneath the cast and gestured him closer. “You are forgetting something.”
I know little to nothing about group homes/child services/etc. so...please forgive any discrepancies.
“You think? Not even Dad’s seen one,” Sam replied. He picked at his eggs, seeming concerned. “I mean, there’s lore, and then there’s
The crowd hushed and the lights changed again to accentuate the spotlight on the choir members in center stage.
“You started it,” Dean said, grinning down at him. Castiel was seated cross-legged on the floor, Dean hovering over the arm of the couch. His blue eyes twinkled up at Dean.
Castiel’s whole body relaxed against Dean then, and suddenly the man in his arms weighed a lot more. “Dean, I—” Castiel broke off, speechless. “Thank you.” He pulled Dean into a deep kiss and said again when they drew apart,
Had his father just agreed to let him run the New York office, or was his answer contingent upon how well Dean did at tomorrow’s meeting?
“That’s nuts,” Dean said, dismissing the suggestion immediately. “I’m not that hard to please. Christ, if anything I’m easy and that’s why.”
“I’ll wait to notify the Olympics,” he teased, then in the next moment said, “Come on, Cas. You got this.”
“Bullshit,” Debbie said, looking right past the badge into green eyes wide with surprise. “You don’t think I know a fake badge when I see one? I wasn’t born yesterday, in case you haven’t noticed.” She huffed a little and reset the hands on her hips. “So you want to tell me what you’re really doing looking into these murders?”
“It does not feel like it has been two days,” Castiel replied, “After today it feels like it has been…I don’t know. A week, maybe more.”
,” Claire said mockingly, which granted her a disapproving frown, but she still listened to him and did as he asked.
They were quiet for a number of minutes, just looking up at the sky. Dean pulled Castiel down with him to lie on the blanket, and together they cuddled up under the stars with their shared gaze turned toward the heavens.
,” and they collapsed to the floor of the boat, Castiel slumped against his chest, both of them bruised but still miraculously upright.
“Right.” Dean took another sip of beer, searching for another topic of conversation. His eyes settled on the only decoration in the small room. “What’s that?” he blurted without thinking.
“First time for everything I suppose,” Bobby said. He shifted his weight from where he was leaned up against the table with his arms crossed and gave Dean a pointed stare.
“You mean this place is real?” Dean looked around, jaw hanging open. “I don’t believe it. This is amazing, Cas,” he said.
Cas held a bun out to him, which Dean took. He ripped off a little chunk and threw it to the ducks. The bellboy was silent for a long minute before answering.
One of Castiel’s eyebrows raised in challenge. A pile of ammo sat on the plate in his lap, the lo mein barely touched because he’d been saving it for last. Its sacrifice would not go unrewarded. Castiel held out a hand and gestured Dean to ‘bring it’ as the Kung Fu master had in the film.
“Relax, you’ll do fine,” Dean told him when he hesitated. He brushed a thumb over Castiel’s cheeks and placed a lingering kiss on his lips. “I’ll see you at Taco-O’clock.”
“I cannot risk it,” he said, voice low, gravelly, and filled with regret. “I should never have let myself become so…involved to begin with. It was…nice, while it lasted.”
Dean dropped Sam off at the motel after dinner and then him and Cas went for a drive, just the two of them. It was strange having someone in the front seat that wasn’t his little brother—there was an edge of surrealism to it that didn’t quite make sense in the world his brain had constructed over the years.
smart,” the older woman piped in, “Top of his class. And his SAT scores were nearly perfect!” Her voice had changed and her accent completely disappeared. Her English was suddenly smooth and grammatically flawless. Clearly she’d been conning them up until now.
“Dude, you’re stressing out about nothing. ‘Course she liked you.” Dean smirked. “Talkin’ about mom like that—hell, I was pretty sure she was going to cry.”
, her new flame. Brian for once wished she was here. After his near run-in with death, he could use one of those mom hugs. He’d never admit it, though.
,” she said. She huffed and tugged the earbuds out of her ears. “Fine,” she spat, glaring at Marlene, “I just got to sit through a stupid piano lesson, right? And then you’ll leave me alone?”
“Brian!” Justin’s enthusiastic greeting and bright, sunny smile were perhaps the next best thing. Brian closed the short distance of the bar in a few quick steps and leaned down to kiss the blond deeply.
Dean heaved a quiet sigh of relief. It seemed Carmen had decided to play along, for whatever reason. Maybe he’d survive this train wreck after all.
“I have never known a family who accepted me for who I am,” Castiel said in a low voice. He smiled softly at Dean. “I hope I will get the chance to get to know yours better.”
he rolled his eyes, though he was far too involved in what he was doing to look up. He knew that Castiel would oblige him though—that was just the kind of person he was.
Deciding to give up the argument for the moment, Helen turned back to Dean and asked, “Where did the two of you go?”
They started down the street back to the office, walking close together in the bright autumn afternoon. Castiel hummed next to him, mood uplifted by the food and Dean’s own lightheartedness.
The sound of his dad’s voice had Dean snapping out of the playful smile on his face. His head jerked up as his father entered from the living room. Castiel faded into the wall behind him, his professional mask sliding quickly into place as though he had just pulled an invisibility cloak over his head.
“She is a dear friend,” Castiel replied, “I stayed with her for a few months before I could afford my own place.”
He pressed his lips in to Castiel’s just in case he wasn’t quite getting it. Slow and tender, like a breath of fresh air.
Dean purposefully kept his face blank but inside he was wincing. He felt the urge to run a hand over his mouth like he did when he was nervous. His hand twitched, but he clenched it into a fist and resisted the comforting gesture because Cas knew him well enough to know that if he
Castiel’s eyes widened and he blinked twice, his face going blank in his surprise. Dean wasn’t sure what he was thinking, and suddenly felt foolish for saying anything. He wasn’t even sure why he did, except that with all this sentimental chit-chat it had just sort of… slipped out.
The storm off in the distance churned, coming closer. He could see the clouds rolling in by this point. It seemed there was still something troubling him.
Dinner was later than promised by almost an hour, but what it lacked in punctuality, it more than made up for in flavor. Dean had dredged each small filet in panko breadcrumbs and then fried them to a glistening golden brown. There was a number of bowls and salsas arranged on the table along with the platter of fish and a small plate of warmed soft-shell tortillas, with the guacamole having been scooped into a smaller bowl so that it could also be used as a topping if desired. Dean left the chips on hand for the table to snack on with their meal as well.
As they argue about what to eat, Castiel feels the tension ease from his shoulders. Despite how embarrassing the morning’s training session, it doesn’t seem to have put Dean off from him or injured their friendship in any way. And that is good, because Castiel isn’t sure he could stick around if it had.
“What? It is the truth,” Castiel insists, leveling the hunter with a look, “And I am not going to curb my words just because you cannot accept it.” He pauses and moves closer to Dean, until their lips are all but touching. “You are beautiful, Dean Winchester, and I love you. Nothing you could ever do or say will ever change that, and I will say it as often as it takes, until the day you believe me.”
“Seriously?” he said. He blinked down at Castiel in surprise. Who was this guy, the energizer bunny? At Castiel’s eager nod, Dean swallowed and licked his lips. “Hell yes. I didn’t think you’d be up for it.”
The phone buzzed in his hand and Dean let out a startled yelp. He checked the caller ID and swore. His pacing picked up a notch and he practically flew across the room.
“I assure you it was.” Castiel was silent for a beat, then continued. “I did some research,” he admitted.
The dark gleam in his eyes would be alarming if Dean didn’t trust Cas completely. He breathed heavily, chest rising and falling under the weight of the angel’s looming presence. For once, Dean got a glimpse of how powerful Castiel really was—it was easy to get lost in the illusion of Jimmy-the-accountant’s lean, slender frame, especially when Cas wore it so humbly. He was so mild-mannered most of the time and so full of grace and compassion that Dean forgot just how badass he could be. Being on the receiving end of his focused stare had Dean surrendering completely under him, wanting
“No kidding,” Sam said with a grin. He looked to Castiel, who was still blushing, and winked. “Well, this has been fun,” Sam was saying in the next moment, “But we really need to get going. Don’t want to miss our flight.”
“Then you tell them about you and Cas,” Sam said. He paused. “I’m assuming you haven’t told them yet?”
Jack stuffed what was left of his guacamole-loaded tortilla chip into his mouth and answered with a muffled, “Okay!” before picking up the platter and doing just that.
“You know your grandfather,” John cut in, “Bastard’s so stubborn he’d have stayed even if the whole goddamn house was on fire.”
In the time it takes to walk from the map room to his bedroom, Castiel comes to an important decision.
“Tell her I would never dream of it,” he said. He turned to Claire. “Jack, this is Claire. She’s one of my music students.”
“Dean, if you had told me, you probably wouldn’t have gotten trapped by that thing. Why didn’t you just say something? You know I’ve got your back in anything, man.”
“I guess this is one of those ‘within reason’ moments,” Dean murmured playfully. He pressed a chaste kiss to Cas’s lips, grinning to himself as Castiel leaned forward when he pulled back and let him go.
Dean set the timer on his phone to ring when it was time to wake him up, then climbed into bed with Castiel, content to just watch him sleep as he waited for it to be time. After a few minutes he felt his eyes droop closed.
He had felt the attraction between them back in the alley, had felt Dean’s interest in him shrivel up into the crisp Pittsburgh air. That was fine. Brian was perfectly happy going home with Justin tonight—he just would never admit it.
“I got you, Cas,” he said softly, “And hey, even if this thing we’ve got doesn’t work out—for whatever reason or…not that it will, I’m just sayin’ if it
“I know I’m right,” Dean replied. His thumb drew circles on Castiel’s arm. “Who knows, maybe one day things will be different,” he said, “Maybe your family will come around.”
Castiel looked up and caught his eyes. Dean didn’t look tired at all, and it was barely nine besides. He seemed to realize the charade was for his benefit and frowned slightly.
To put off the inevitable, Dean pushed to his feet and with a fresh beer from the cooler, took off down the beach. He walked halfway in the water so that the waves crawled up his ankles and receded, leaving small divots under his feet that pitched him sideways.
. He did his best to ignore Sam or derail his attempts at starting a conversation, but Sam was getting bolder and to be honest Dean was tired of dodging all his questions.
Castiel swallows hard and feels his Adam’s apple grate against the inside of his throat. His tongue has gone the texture of sandpaper and his mouth feels like he’s been eating cotton balls for a month. Dean holds him and just stares into his eyes for a long moment—Castiel isn’t sure how long. He once could have counted the exact denomination down to the millisecond, but as a human he finds himself lost in it, drifting along in a timeless emerald sea.
. What had he started? “Hell yes,” he said, in answer to Cas’s question. “I mean, I’d be worried about feeling this tomorrow, but…it’s a dream so I guess there’s no downside.”
Cas hesitated, then reached up to press his lips to Dean’s. When he pulled back there was a new light in those sapphire-blue eyes.
John was ahead of them, nearly at the door. Castiel noted the way Dean’s father specifically wasn’t looking at them and took the offering, slipping his fingers into the warmth of Dean’s grasp.
anything on hand.” He jabbed a finger at the screen, where Chan had just grabbed a wooden chair. “There! See? Totally badass!”
“Dean, are you… are you offering to pay for my tuition?” he asked, barely believing the words out of his mouth, “Is that what you’re getting me for Christmas? Because—because I’m sorry but it’s too much and I can’t accept—”
large California king and spread out his arms. He felt like a shipwrecked sailor on a deserted island of downy pillows surrounded by a duvet-covered ocean. Was this what it was like having a home?
“Thank the Lord,” William said quietly under his breath. His eyes shifted to the piano, and something in his expression, suspicious though it was in regards to the stranger sitting on his couch, softened.
, and immediately he felt like the biggest asshole to have ever walked the Earth, Chuck included. How he ever gained the talent of saying the exact wrong thing at the worst possible moment would forever be a mystery to him.
He lowered Castiel onto his back again and then moved between his legs, splaying them open and dipping his head. He licked around Castiel’s hole, up his perineum in a strip between his balls and up to the base of his shaft. He slipped a finger inside, then a second.
Dean hit play and took Cas’ hand, pulling him away from the tray Cas had been about to pick up. He held one of Cas’ hands in his and put his other at the angel’s waist, pulling him close as the familiar strains of music started to play. Cas’ eyes were wide by the time that Louis Armstrong began to sing.
He leaned over and caught Cas in a hug, his senses filling with the familiar scent of cedar. “I’ll be ok,” he promised. “Just gonna get some shut-eye.”
“Does Castiel know how you’d tuck yourself in the corner of your cell after I’d made you scream with pleasure?" Alastair said, sounding amused. "After I’d made you
“Extra round on us,” Fergus said, appearing at Dean’s elbow. “And perhaps a complimentary order of spinach and artichoke dip?” His dark eyes were sparkling as he glanced after John. “Always nice to let mother off-leash,” he murmured.
Dean recognized the tone and choked down his terror and rage. He had to play this right if he was going to protect Cas. He was bound too securely to escape and rage and threats had never in thirty years been enough to give Alastair so much as pause. It would have to be guile. It would have to be, he realized with revulsion, submission. “Please,” he whispered, dropping his eyes. His skin crawled at how easily he was able to tap back into the submissive behavior that Alastair preferred. But it didn't matter.
say. All he managed was a ragged “please forgive me” before he dragged himself back up to the car, threw the shovel in the back, and drove home.
Cas blushed, shaking his head. The answering smile on his face was almost shy, but his eyes were serious as they searched Dean's. "Apart from becoming aroused," he said gently. "Are there other things that you want me to be aware of?"
“Yeah,” Dean replied, forcing himself to hold Cas’ eyes. His heart was pounding in his ears and his throat felt dry, but he knew that if he didn’t nut up now, he was gonna lose his chance. “It broke my heart, Cas. Because you...the way I feel about you…” fuck, fuck, why were the words sticking?  Why couldn’t he
and trust me like this, want to be with me like this…” he swallowed the surge of emotion that was threatening to rob him of his ability to speak. “You’re precious to me, angel. I hope you get that.” He cupped Cas’ cheek, running his thumb over the delicate line of his cheekbone.
"Since I first laid eyes upon your soul," Cas said like it was obvious, looking into his eyes in that way that only
“You can stay with me tonight, boy,” Bobby said, clapping his shoulder. “Give John time to cool down.”
“Jealous?” Dean sassed him even as he felt a whole swarm of butterflies take off in his belly. Fuck, how did Cas get to him like that?
"I refuse to call it a 'boner'," Cas said, air quotes and all. "The name makes no sense. Humans are not dogs or raccoons. There are no bones in the human-"
“I know,” Dean said, silencing him with a kiss. He laughed quietly, earning himself a questioning look from the angel. “I mean...you can hurt me sometimes, if you know what I mean.”
Sam was in the middle of an animated description of his freshman classes when he suddenly fell silent, his eyes going wide for a fraction of a second before the shutters came down.
“Fine,” John spat. The look he gave Dean made him feel unbelievably small. “Don’t bother coming home,” he said to Dean before stalking out of the restaurant.
Dean nodded, taking a deep breath and allowing himself to relax completely for what felt like the first time ever. “Love you, angel,” he said softly.
“I don’t want to cause trouble,” Cas said, half rising before Sam put a hand on his arm and stopped him.
“I’ve got you, angel,” Dean replied, stroking his fingers through Cas’ hair. “You can let it go, Cas, you can let it go for me. Just relax, sweetheart, let it go.”
“You’ve gotten soft, boy,” John growled behind him and Dean hated the plaintive whimper that escaped his lips as he tried to crawl away. Then suddenly, Dean heard a sound that he hadn’t heard since he was a kid.
Dean leaned into the touch with a sigh, mirroring Cas’ motions with his own hand as they lay facing each other.
Dean pitched his voice low and gravelly. “I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition?”
The angel’s eyes were heavily lidded and his chest rose and fell quickly as his gorgeous eyes found Dean’s. “Not yet,” he panted. “Please...not yet. I don’t want it to end yet.”
But fuck his head was spinning and he staggered to a knee at the entrance to the kitchen, blinking past the blood that trickled down over his face. John’s steel-toed boot connected with his side and Dean cried out, curling around the injury as he struggled futilely to protect himself. “Stop!” he gasped, trying to get to his hands and knees. He was a grown-ass man, he didn’t have to-
Dean stared at him, hope blooming in his chest. There was no fucking way. The question formed, unbidden at his lips. "Cas you...you...
and your eyes do this thing when you smile really big that makes me feel like I’ve found a home and it just…” he laughed, blushing. “Yeah...awesome.”
it. He felt like an idiot. He knew Cas worried that he was settling for the angel. That Cas was somehow something other than the answer to everything he had ever wanted.
and Dean saw fucking stars as Cas did it again and again and again and when he worked up the courage to look into Cas’ eyes again he wasn’t surprised to see that the angel was watching him, his lips curled into a hungry smile. “Like
“Is there a problem?” Rowena McLeod, the co-owner of The Pit asked, striding up and tossing her red hair back over her shoulder.
He felt Cas’ left hand slide up his leg to clasp Dean’s hand as he angel slowly began to work his finger inside. “I’ve got you, Dean,” Cas said quietly.
. But it was much too much right there and then as the sudden weight of grief and loss and regret lifted. There was
that you are," he said, blushing. "It just got me...made me that way too, knowing that you were into what we were doing and I..." he shivered. "After the djinn, feeling like that's just bringing back some stuff I'd rather forget and I-I just...I think I need to go slow, that’s all.”
. He smiled at the angel. “What do you need...sweetheart?” And damn, if it didn't feel really nice to call Cas that.
“Awesome,” Sam said, grinning. They left the graduation slowly, pausing at intervals for Sam to talk to his classmates and say his goodbyes to his teachers. By the time they arrived at the Impala, Dean had stripped off his jacket and loosened his tie.
The laugh faded with a gasp as Cas’ hand went to Dean’s cheek and his lips pressed gently back against Dean’s. The kiss was slow, so slow and so unbelievably sweet, and by the time they pulled back, Dean was breathing like he’d sprinted a mile.
And fuck, even after almost dying himself and getting called out by Billie...he still ’t really want to talk about it.
Dean was more than happy to take him into his arms again, holding Cas as close as he could manage without tangling their limbs. “Happy Anniversary, Cas,” he said, closing his eyes and resting his head on top of the angel’s.
“I would never hurt you, Dean,” Cas said, sliding up his body and kissing him hard. “Never. Never, never, never, never-”
“Jesus, fuck, Cas,” Dean managed to gasp. He took hold of his cock and began to ease it into the angel’s waiting mouth, unable to keep from moaning as Cas took all of him with a soft hum of pleasure. “Sweet fuck, angel,” he moaned, sinking his hands into Cas’ hair and giving himself over to the sensation of Cas sucking him hard and fast. The angel knew what he needed, he always knew, and Dean knew that this wasn’t going to be a slow, tender process. Cas pushed him, sucking and slurping around him with the most obscene sounds as he massaged Dean’s balls with one hand and pulled Dean to him by the ass with the other.
“This what you need, angel?” he asked, slowing his pace so that his strokes were long and deep, each one drawing a gasp of need from Cas.
“That’ll happen,” Dean replied, giving him a soft kiss that so easily turned into the two of them flush against one another, tongues twining around each other as their hands gently explored. Dean grunted as Cas brushed his hand over his cock and caught Cas’ wrist. “Let me get you first,” he said firmly. He gave a self-deprecating little laugh. “I’m not gonna need much to go over the edge, babe.”
“Yes,” Cas whispered, the motion of his hips starting again as soon as Dean moved his fingers inside him. “Oh, Dean!”
"My wrists," Dean said, nodding. "Just don't...pin them, ok?" It pissed him off, actually, because he'd quite enjoyed letting girls tie him up before Hell. But maybe he and Cas could get there one day. But for now...better to be safe. "And don't...not that I think you would, but don't call me shit like 'pet'.
“You’re here to drag me back to the pit?” Dean gritted out as the knife pressed close enough to draw blood.
He felt Cas frown before he saw it and the angel broke the kiss to pull back and squint at him. “What do you mean?” he asked.
When he gathered the nerve to look into Cas’ eyes again, he was startled to see that they were shining with unshed tears. “Like you’ve found a home?” Cas whispered and it was only then that Dean realized he’d said it.
