Dean shrugs. “No sense making this drive twice. Besides,” he says with half a grin, “We make good bait.”
“Dean,” Sam warns, jaw clenching tight, not looking at his brother. “Don’t try and tell me you’re not nervous, too.”
“But then I happened. Great.” He swipes a hand over his face, and it leaves behind a gross smear of sweat. He’s gotta get out of this car.
With a quiet laugh, he scrubs away the tears from his cheeks, then rallies himself with a deep breath and heads back to the kitchen to unwrap today’s pastries and pies. The day isn’t going to start itself.
Dean’s arm settles over Cas again, pulling him that last little bit closer. “Kinda glad to hear that.”
. And that was the last of his things from the car. He lets himself rest a bit, thinking about nothing and definitely not clenching his ass against the bench.
“That’s what I get for trying to be polite,” Marv says, withdrawing his hand. “So. You boys look like you’ve been out having fun.”
Castiel doesn’t even bother trying to parse that. Dean is steering him toward his room with an authoritative march, and before he even really knows what’s happening, Castiel is planted face-first on the bed, still in his jeans.
Dean cannot think of a way to respond to that — or rather, he can think of a dozen responses but none of them make it out past the drumming in his chest. So he just nuzzles deeper into Cas’s embrace, tucking his hands between Cas’s shoulders and the sofa cushion to squeeze him tight. All around them, their intermingling scents mist the air with cedar-and-herbs, sandalwood-lavender. Comforting. Soothing.
Cas huffs, but lets the tips of their noses brush together, breath over lips. “I —” he stops and starts again. “I love you. More than anything, Dean. I love you.”
Dean slugs the last of his wine out of his tankard; it almost goes up his sinuses. “Uh.” He pinches his nose, eyes watering. All he has to say is ‘yeah, sure, whatever,’ and this conversation will be over.
“Hey, Sam,” he tugs at the goatskin pelt around his shoulders and turns so his brother can see his brand. “Does this thing look weird to you?” he asks.
“Thank you,” Castiel says. He’s close enough now that he can watch Dean’s tongue and throat work in a swallow. He feels it on his hand.
The name rings the faintest of bells, but the memory avoids his recall, and he doesn’t try that hard.
The woman kneels before them, lewd smirk and extravagant cleavage totally wasted on Dean. She bends low to cinch the ropes tight around their ankles and knees; her hands move quick and confident. Dean’s mind flashes back to the leather workers and the collars. Damn. Cas wasn’t kidding about nerds.
The higher the flight, the faster the fall, a little voice in the back of his brain whispers. And it’s only worse when you hit the ground.
(Occasionally he uses being beta to his advantage. With a certain kind of omega, when Dean is at his lowest low, it becomes part of his pick-up routine. “Maybe I just haven’t met the right omega,” he says. “Maybe you’ll be the one to give me my first knot.” It usually works. The pretty little things melt right into his arms, pull out all the stops for him, but they’re not the ones who have to deal with still being beta in the morning.)
Dean just stares at the twisted metal and torn leather. Bobby scratches the back of his neck and says, “I dunno if you know this, but your dad was gonna give her to you when you graduated. For good, not just to drive around when he took the truck. So. She’s yours.”
Cas comes and gets him. It’s a long, slow swing that Dean dodges with apparent ease, but he changes angles abruptly at the end to catch him in the shoulder. Shit. If he hadn’t been so cocky, he could have parried that.
It’s gratifying as hell, the way Cas’s jaw falls slack and his eyes flash as he watches Dean strip away his layers. By the time Dean’s tugging off his T-shirt, Cas’s hot palms are following the shirt’s progress up Dean’s waist, ribs, shoulders. His touch is incendiary. Even more so when his hands travel around to Dean’s chest, down his stomach to the fly of his jeans and Cas’s mouth takes its place again at the nape of his neck.
“‘Kay, you’re still acting like you’re a human pile driver,” Dean says, looming over Castiel and haloed by the old Edison-style bulbs. “You’re not. You’re just a guy. So, come at me again.”
“Dude, I know—that’s not what I—I was on the couch, okay? Then you—you were sleepwalking, I guess. You came and found me.”
“That’s right,” Cas says. “High Elven Grand Vazir Mikhail Krushnic, at your service.” Cas makes a low bow, which gives Dean a totally unnecessary view of the lacing down the back of his corset and the shapeliness of his waist. He tugs at his own baggy tunic. Cas gives him a wink and a smirk on his way up, which does not help matters at all. “And to whom am I speaking?”
Castiel settles down on the other side, watching the two with fondness. “You know,” he starts to say, slow and hesitant. “I never intended him to stay with you this long.”
“Hey,” Dean says when he finally starts to calm down. “Hey. I had a good time tonight. Did you have a good time?”
Dean just glares at him as he tosses his clothing into the car. Dean had dug up a pair of flip-flops with the tag still on, so at least he’s not trekking down there in wing-tips, but one hand does hover protectively over the family jewels. “Lead the way, chuckles.”
Especially since now he’s slacking on the job. Dean hasn’t seen hide nor hair of him since their confrontation on Sunday.
“Can you smell yourself on me?” Cas whispers. Dean nods against his neck. “I can too. It’s beautiful.”
Claire doesn’t answer, except to bury her face in her palms and let her shoulders shake, silent. Dean casts about for somewhere else to look, trying to let her have some semblance of privacy, and ends up staring at a display of brightly colored baubles, pocket-sized elephant statues and silks and jewelry for sale by the entrance, waiting for the storm to pass.
“That’s not necessary,” Castiel says, tugging on his coat, and only realizes afterward how brusque that sounded. “Thank you. But I—I can find my way.”
“Well,” she says, already rolling out of the bed and searching for her underthings. “I hope your gambit pays off, Clarence. He sounds like a real dish.”
Dean grins and waggle his eyebrows. “Eh?” He watches Cas glance wide-eyed back and forth between Dean and the Impala.
“So, I can help you with that,” Dean says, releasing Cas’s forearm back to the bed and taking a moment to move in figure eights around his shoulder blades, up the spine, down the sides, a holding pattern. “But it’s not gonna feel great at first. And it's gonna take more than one session to get fully gone.”
Cas sits up a little and skims his hands up under Dean’s shirt. They skate over his stomach, his chest, all the way up to his collarbone, dragging the fabric along for the ride.
And on and on for most of the afternoon, texts every minute or two or ten putting a smile on Dean’s lips and a bubbly feeling in his chest. It’s a miracle he gets any work done.
Hey do you maybe wanna meet up in meatspace sometime? Get some drinks maybe? We could make it a double date! I wanna meet this dude who’s got you all twitterpated lol
Cas’s mouth does a rueful quirk. “I know. It’s just a bit early for my new ‘it’s complicated’ to meet my ex-‘it’s complicated.”
Cas had only mentioned his sister once, though he talks — complains — about his brothers from time to time. Mostly he’s pretty tight-lipped about his family, and Dean knows better than to push.
Cas sobers a little but doesn’t sit up properly just yet. “You’d be surprised how many ‘straight’ boys will go for a rub off when they’re drunk,” he says.
Before he knows it, Cas is in the shower with him, pajamas and all. He grabs the fake knot around the flared base, pulls it out just a hair, and then
“Uh huh.” Charlie doesn’t look like she believes him, and honestly, Dean doesn’t blame her. “Just be careful, okay? I don’t wanna hafta pull your heartbroken ass out of another gutter.”
“Shut up and help me look for him,” Cas barks. He feels the cracking paint, barely even dry on his face. God, he must look ridiculous. It’s a beautiful piece of art, and he’s going to ruin it before he even has time to appreciate it.
Castiel sighs and tightens his grip on Dean’s elbow, other hand over his eyes, following that heightened sense of Dean’s physical presence as they shuffle up the creaking stairs. He cheats for the first couple of steps, peeking under his hand to find the next step, but ultimately, he gives over his trust to Dean and ascends in perfect darkness.
It’s a gleeful, slippery tangle of limbs when they hit the mat, Cas landing on his hip and then his back with Dean’s weight pressing him down. Cas tries his damnedest to wrestle Dean over onto his back, but Dean knows precisely where to hold to keep him down.
Dean snorts. Figures. He’s really, really glad he never had to deal with the whole sharing-a-room business. “If you just needed a place to crash, you coulda said that.” There’s a loose thread in the carpet. Dean picks at it.
Dean banishes his thoughts with a shake of his head and punches his wickedly curved knife in the air. “Our wit, our blade, and our blood!” they call out together.
concept that Dean had mentioned—the idea of watching Dean performing similar acts on himself. Or on Castiel. The thought of Dean’s hands on his flesh in place of his own had, in fact, done more to push him over the edge of completion than any of the videos he’d found.
“Look, I get that you like him. I do. But we can’t have you nodding off during linework or sneezing all over everything, my needles included. You’re going to the doctor. Okay?”
Cas’s smile turns into something soft and open, and Dean has to kiss it off him. It only halfway works because they’re both smiling too wide to kiss properly, but it doesn’t stop them from trying.
Infuriating. Castiel scowls and is grateful for the distraction of the bartender presenting him with his beverage. “Do you have a point, or are you just here to antagonize me?”
Charlie has the decency to look guilty, but only for a second. “I am working! See?” She turns her tablet around to reveal a sketch of a bouquet of local native fern fronds. When Dean doesn’t do anything but roll his eyes, Charlie cocks her head at him. “What’s gotten into you?”
Dean jumps when Jo slaps his shoulder. “Race you!” she cries as her blonde hair disappears between the trees.
, this would really be easier with some headroom—then Dean gets what he wants. Cas scoots a little so that he can look down at Dean’s chest with star-bright eyes and a hungry mouth.
Dean brings his hand back behind himself, slip-sliding down his cleft. Cas enfolds him with his wings again, and they hold him steady, keep him warm.
Adrenaline kicks his heart into high gear. No—he can get out. He has to—he could try vaulting over the counter, he could—no, if he runs, Dean will only chase him—
Sunlight angles through the window over the sink, sparkling on the blue-and-white backsplash. Castiel stops with his feet half on hardwood and half on cool tile, stopped dead by the sight of Dean dancing in and out of that sunbeam as he whistles to himself. He’s wearing yesterday’s boxers and T-shirt, which must be ripe with his sweat—no, pit stains are
With a grin, Cas turns and flops dramatically onto a big squashy gray sofa that is usually covered end to end in Anna’s paperwork, but today is blissfully empty. “You’re looking at it.”
Cas closes his eyes, and Dean can see the moment he relents. “Okay. Give us a minute. I’ll be right down.”
Dean feels his face flush hot and rolls his eyes at himself. “I wanna make it good for you, okay? I know it sounds stupid, but I —”
He half expects to feel Sam and Charlie pushing him toward the counter, but he goes of his own free will. Cas is reluctantly holding court amongst the expectant, congratulatory crowd, looking a little wild around the eyes. Until they catch on Dean’s.
Cas makes quite a sight. Dean never thought he’d be attracted to a man in a poofy shirt, but somehow, on Cas, in this context, it works.
Dean still can't quite get over that, and he's fighting back nervousness as much as he's alight inside with excitement.
It's the closest thing to the truth he's ever spoken, and he can feel the capsaicin sting of it on his lips.
Cas is not really awake yet, but the smile he gives Dean is like a little sunrise. “Good morning,” he says, all rough. His nostrils flare. “You made coffee.” It’s almost accusatory.
“I’m actually feeling much better.” And he is. Some jolt of adrenaline has cleared the fogginess from his brain and the lassitude from his limbs, though there’s still a hot puddle of arousal in his pelvis. He can ignore that. It doesn’t control him.
“The volume of an average human male ejaculation is around three milliliters, but by my best estimation—”
Dean casts an eye over the counters. In spite of the detritus of packing peanuts and empty cardboard boxes, there is a resemblance of a coffee shop in the making. Everything looks newly minted and shining, but the tall silver cylinder on the back counter has a thin trickle of steam issuing from its black spout. “I thought you said you weren’t open,” he says.
Cas presses his lips into a tight line and pulls his phone out of his pocket. “I swear I selected the right option—”
Dean wakes up to a heart attack when the first thing he sees is Cas’s name on his phone. The text, when he fumbles it open, is depressingly short.
As soon as Dean hears the water running, he dares to drop his towel and get into his shorts. Then he examines his sleeping options.
Cas nods. “Yes, I know. People have been calling me crazy for months. They might have a point.” That cute little downward-glancing, blushing smile does not do anything to abate Dean’s hopeless crush.
Cas goes from pink to pale in record time, but angles his laptop so that when Dean leans over his shoulder, one hand on the back of his chair, he has a clear view. The video is paused in a classic point-of-view shot where the woman is openly on display, on her back with spread legs, but all Dean can see of the guys fucking her is their dicks, sliding in and out of—
“Aye aye, Commander,” Castiel mocks as he grabs his tote bag from the floor by the door. He’s got all kinds of crap in there these days—a sketchbook and pencils, a journal, what looks like a book on home brewing today, a bike helmet. Dean doesn’t even bother to hide his grin. Watching Cas shop around for hobbies has been a trip, and the rich glow of his enthusiasm for each one keeps the smile on Dean’s face all day long.
Once Cas is back between Dean’s legs, his laughter evaporates like mist in the sun. Dean tries not to squirm at the intense scrutiny of his gaze; his dick throbs and pulses out a little dew of precome, and he aches for touch.
“The — the touching.” The affection, he’d almost said, but he can’t bring himself to name it so bluntly.
Castiel’s new house is nestled in the elbow of an aimless road deep in a suburban maze. In place of a lawn, there is a forest of low-maintenance shrubbery between him and the road; it had been a big selling point. The aroma of sun-warmed cypress and juniper fills his nose immediately as he steps out of the car. There are more evergreens out back, tall and twiggy, and the cozy two-bedroom craftsman almost disappears amongst them. The only thing standing out is the white trim and the faded green of the front door.
Finally, Cas can’t take it anymore. He struggles his legs out of the blankets and swings them over the edge of the bed. “Look, if you’re trying to figure out how to let me down gently, just say it. It’s better than waiting.”
But, okay, yes, he’s a coward. And if he went to the party with expectations like that, of course it wouldn’t happen. Cas would give him the cold shoulder, barely acknowledge him, and he’d have to watch while Cas finds someone else to have a good time with. He doesn’t think he could stomach that.
“Can you, like… run them on a schedule?” Dean asks one day when he finds out about the situation. “Just like any other employees.”
He can roll over and fuck his fist, remembering Cas’s grunts and groans, the smell of his sweat, the grip of his thighs and the heat of his skin and—
“S-sorry,” Dean gasps. “Sorry. I — that was, uh. Came on kinda quick.” He’s blinking up at the ceiling and trying to laugh it off, but Cas can see the blush on his cheeks.
Three quick strides and he’s opening the door. There’s Dean, all bright green eyes and that damnable blue suit jacket over a dark button-up and khaki trousers. “Hi,” he says, and even his voice is good-looking.
Charlie’s tipsy voice shatters the little shell around them. Dean springs back, not sure when he’d leaned in, as Charlie and Dorothy pick their way through the chairs around the fire pit toward them.
“You did good back there,” he says anyway, and is rewarded with Cas’s ears going pink and a shy smile ticking up his lips.
Before Dean can get very far on responding, a man in striped pajamas with a curled moustache stands up on a bale of straw at the pitcher’s mound. “Alright you landlubbers!” he yells, gruff, and way more committed to his character than the poor guy who’d made the initial announcement. “Gather ‘round! The games are about to begin!”
Dean almost over-balances when Cas tugs at his shirt and the long sleeves catch on his wrists, which leads to a bout of giggling. Cas hides his snickers in Dean's neck, and oh, that hitch in Dean's breath is eloquent. Cas opens his mouth and explores, finding new and exciting noises under Dean's ear, down the length, in the hollow of his collarbone. “Sensitive here?” he breathes into the warm cup of Dean's throat.
Even though he knows it’s dangerous, the idea that he could make Cas lose control like that is the hottest fucking thing.
He’s quiet for a moment, and then, “I know we haven’t known each other very long. But for whatever my opinion is worth, I believe that you are a good man who deserves love in his life.”
Cas flips him the bird from his position folded over the assorted non-whites. “It’s clean,” he says, not bothering to move. “I think.”
Cas lifts his head and looks down at Dean, his nose and chin starkly outlined in the dim light, half his face in shadow. “You are a hopeless romantic,” he says with a wide grin.
“They’re stupidly comfortable.” He shrugs. “I dunno, I started wearing ‘em when I got my calf tats and just never stopped. Real pants feel weird, now.”
“Doesn’t prove anything,” Dean says, wiping his hands on his flannel. “Just tryin’ to get a better handle on ‘em. You’re right, we woulda been toast, so next time we gotta know better. Just in case we don’t have a feathered friend on deck.”
“Uh.” Her hand lingers on his shoulder as her gaze slides to Cas. “Just shootin’ some pool,” he says.
He wonders if he should put on extra pheromone. Then berates himself. He’s not going to be that skeezy alpha throwing his scent all over his omega masseur. Especially since he has the option not to.
The man who follows Anna into the kitchen is—there’s no better word for him—absolutely gorgeous, and absolutely fits Castiel’s imaginary profile of people who would live in this neighborhood. Cas shamelessly lets his gaze rake over him while they chatter in the kitchen: chiseled jaw, perfectly combed hair, broad chest and shoulders ready to burst out of a crisp button-down, framed by honest-to-god
“Fine,” Castiel answers, curt and annoyed. “You should probably go.” But he doesn’t really want Dean to leave. The heat in his blood has him craving Dean’s scent, his physical presence, whispering suggestions for what to do now that he has an alpha in his nest. The nest
He spies Charlie’s name next to the text alert, and that puts a smile on his face as he opens it up. There’s a picture attachment: a selfie-style snapshot. It’s unmistakably Charlie; he recognizes her glowing grin and short fluffy bob of red hair, even though most of her face is eaten up by enormous round sunglasses. She’s wearing a banana-yellow swimsuit, and there’s a dark-haired beauty in cobalt blue pressing a kiss to her cheekbone.
Okay. Baby steps. He resolves not to work on Saturday. Surely he can entertain himself, right? It’s one day. Or two. Maybe he’ll come in on Sunday if he’s not completely out of his mind by the end of Saturday.
Dean just squirms and pants for a moment, then says, “Not very often. But sometimes. Why do you think I have lube in the first place?”
The sour eye-roll Cas gives is strong enough to curdle milk. “He’s the one who found me and got me standing up straight for the reading of my aunt’s will.” Cas sucks in a diver-deep breath before continuing, the tension in his arms braced on his knees while his fingers curl into knots. “He found me in what can charitably be described as an opium den, although I assure you, he and the rest of my family had much harsher words about it. They were… not pleased when they found out that all of my aunt’s considerable resources had been left to me and me alone.”
Dean considers for a second. Wendigos are tough enough to kill on their own, but today has been so good with Cas, and he doesn’t want anything getting in the way of that. Besides, Cas is tough.
He’s warm. So warm, Castiel can barely keep his hands to himself. He palms Dean’s firm bicep through his T-shirt, the one that he knows has the Rebel insignia on it. “Don’t worry,” he says. “I’m not going anywhere.”
. Maybe it’s because of the need to go slow and approach Dean delicately, the slow circling toward tonight more like courtship than anything he’s experienced in far too long. That’s certain to get his wires crossed. Or maybe it’s Dean’s open vulnerability, how raw he is, how eager he is for care and touch, and there’s nothing Cas wants more than to
The conversation dies between them, stilted and thick in a way it wasn’t before. Thankfully Castiel only has to suffer for a few moments before the lights dim and Michael and Anael take their rightful places for the first dance.
To the left is all of the things one should expect to find in a coffee shop—industrial-sized sink and dishwasher, sleeves of lids in boxes, paper supplies, a big metal door to a walk-in fridge, all walled off with a waist-high gate—for cat containment, Donna says.
They come together slowly, in little shifts and shuffles, until Cas is draped across Dean’s chest with his nose buried in Dean’s scentspot. Dean’s arms wind tight around Cas’s shoulders; one of Cas’s legs slots between Dean’s.
Somehow, it’s decided that Cas will drive the CRX back to Lebanon so that Sam can return it to Mrs. Butterworths or whatever her name was that he borrowed it from. “Why couldn’t you just steal a car like the good old days?” Dean complains.
They load up on the essentials: coffee, eggs, bread, and ponder their way through the non-essentials with an enthusiasm Dean cannot muster on his own. They end up with several strange condiments neither of them have heard of before, a few lumps of exotic cheeses, and several items that one of them insists the other absolutely must experience. (From Cas: his favorite marmalade. From Dean: white-chocolate-dipped oreos.)
Sam’s there, leaning against the wall next to the door with his arms hugged around his chest. There’s a crease between his brows, and he’s not smiling. “You know that guy?”
Something from earlier snaps in Cas’s brain like a rubber band. “You’re going to be an uncle,” he says. “Don’t you—shouldn’t you be with them?”
!” It's Hael. Outside the window but very close, chattering and giggling with two of the other bridesmaids, high-pitched in their intoxication.
Dean catches Sam’s eye where he’s leaning against the door, pointedly not getting involved. “He’s right,” Sam says. “Whatever we’re gonna do, we should do it soon.”
“Yeah, sure. Why not? I mean, I’ve been around the block a few times, if you know what I mean,” he says, aiming for a brazen wink and a filthy smirk to cover the slow bleed of terror that’s going on in his belly.
Cas just sighs, heavy and weary. He can feel a headache sparking behind his eyebrow. “Not at the moment. I might have to re-home one of them. First impressions are very important with cats, and they did not have a good one. Which would be a shame because they’re both excellent additions to the shop, and I’d like to keep them both around, if possible.”
“That’s what you've been doing this whole time? Writing me a goddamn poem?” Dean’s voice is tremulous and he wishes they were still kissing.
Cas doesn’t move. His hands cool from gripping to petting, soothing. He focuses his entire attention on the man below him, but the whole of him, not just the parts he wants to play with. Dean is drawn bowstring-tight, his hands clutching convulsively at Cas’s shoulders, his waist. When he does raise his eyes to Cas’s, Cas is shocked by what he sees there.
And then, with a devilish grin, Dean hikes one knee up into the crook of his elbow, spreading himself even wider so that the fingers of one hand can trace the crease at the top of his thigh, down the valley of his ass to tease over his own grasping hole.
They somehow end up in the clothing section for a minute or two, and Dean snaps a picture of Cas wearing a floppy straw hat with a sunflower on it and enormous rhinestone sunglasses. He’s making a ridiculous kissyface, and Dean immediately saves it to Cas’s profile on his phone.
He gets a response faster than he expected, but since he was refreshing his email every minute or so, he’s glad for the timeliness.
“I should head out,” Dean says the second the end credits flash across the screen. He jumps to his feet like he’s spring-loaded and shuffles around the back of the couch toward the door.
The skin is bitter, and the fuzz is unpleasant on his tongue, and the flesh behind is fiercely tart, spitting juice over Dean’s chin. The whole effect makes Dean recoil. In spite of his best intentions of good manners, his face screws up against his will and he spits the bite onto the grass.
A firm pressure of closed lips, cheekbone and jaw, and Dean gasps at the rush of affection, lust, adoration as Cas presses his scentmark into the sensitive spot at Dean’s neck.
“Dude, you’re my—” Dean bites his tongue. “Yeah, I wasn’t gonna leave you hanging. You literally put your life in my hands,” Dean throws that like a barb. “What kind of idiot even does that? You barely know me.”
A teenager walking a ragged-eared mutt wanders by, paying more attention to his phone than his footing. Wind rustles in a pair of ailing maple trees next door to the little blue house. Dean wonders exactly what Cas is doing in there. His best guess is selling drugs. That would track with his “work thing.” Dean tries not to think about being an accessory to criminal activity.
“It’s two in the morning,” Dean says, bemused concern tucked into the smirk at the corner of his mouth. “You wanna hit the hay?”
Charlie has just crouched down and placed a hand on Cas’s shoulder when a new presence drifts through the beaded curtain to stand beside him. “You’re the neighbor, aren’t you?”
On Wednesday, Dean gets a text while he’s patting together hamburger patties. He’s got his hands covered in ground beef, but the light of his phone screen catches his eye, and he leans to take a closer look when he spies a short name with a capital C.
Feeling fidgety and suddenly cold, Dean goes around the apartment tidying up bottles, putting away leftover pizza, shutting off the DVD player. He locks the door for the night, then remembers Cas should probably still leave at some point and feels foolish, but would somehow feel more foolish unlocking it again. He turns off a few unnecessary lights and is about to go brush his teeth when he spies TimTam venturing down the hall on silent feet.
But as soon as that zing of connection hits him in the back of the brain, the light dims. Cas’s fingers tighten in the hoodie, and Dean drops his gaze to the tabletop.
Castiel drops his arms. “Very comforting. Stunningly accurate assessment of my character. Thank you, Mr. Smith.”
“No,” he says. She spies one on a pillow a few feet from the door and bends to retrieve it. “Wait, so, you and Cas—”
Seven thirty-one, and Castiel opens the door to his big-windowed office, breathing a minor sigh of relief. It’s quiet in here, and he takes a moment to savor that. Soon he’ll be at the center of a whirlwind: virtual meetings, actual meetings, profit-loss reports, budget analyses. Smiling at the right people, baring his teeth at others, closing deals, making waves.
He wonders if Cas is cut or uncut. He probably has whatever equipment Jimmy’d had, and he’d mentioned chafing, so—so he’s probably cut, the shiny head all exposed and—
He takes a deliberate step closer, leaving a space between them that feels like no space at all. Close enough that he can hear when Castiel sucks in a gasp. Dean slides his eyes down off to the side, not really focusing, but somewhere in the direction of the fire. And he tilts his head as far to the right as he can, baring the skin of his neck, shrugging his left shoulder out of his jacket. That’s as bare as he can get it for now.
“Cas. Cas, just breathe, okay?” It’s Dean’s voice close to his ear, the phone slid down to his cheek. He lifts it again and presses his ear to the tiny speaker, desperate for that voice. “You need to breathe, sweetheart, come on, breathe with me.”
“I mean,” Dean's mouth keeps running without his permission. “If it's just the two of us—minus the fur balls, obviously—I dunno. Doesn’t seem much point in, uh." The sentence stalls out, and Dean kind of wishes one of the cats would come rescue him.
“If you don’t want to —” Cas starts to say, then gasps when Dean leans in and sinks his teeth into the flesh in front of him, right at the slope of his shoulder. “Ah! Dean —” he moans. “Harder.”
Dean makes a bold attempt to wrap his arms around Cas, but he ends up just slapping sweaty skin together before his arms fall back down to the bed. He sums up his feelings with one hearty, emphatic, “Fuck.”
“I helped myself,” Dean says, and Cas turns just in time to watch Dean’s perfect lips settle on his second-favorite mug, hand-wrought and rustic. He stares—can’t help it—until Dean lowers the coffee, licks his lips, and notices that he’s being stared at. “What?”
Dean glances up at him and then away, pink glowing in his cheeks again. “Uh. I mean, not — not on purpose.”
“How does one ‘kind of’ watch pornography?” Dean can almost hear the stupid air quotes, the goofy, adorable bastard.
Cas answers with a pained, whimpering whine, leaning his cheek hard into Dean’s hand. Dean feels the click of his swallow against his fingers.
Castiel regards him for a long time as close as he can. He can see when the shine of his eyes disappears under his lashes, the way his throat clicks on a hard swallow.
“Hmmm, I dunno,” Dean pretends to think, and Cas takes it upon himself to discover if Dean’s ribs are ticklish.
Skin feels good. Feels right. So much skin all along his back and ass and the backs of his legs, and the strange embrace of pinions along his front. The embers brush his skin and he jumps, but they don’t burn. They’re just warm.
So Dean goes to the doctor, and he comes back with a full allergy panel confirming that, yes, it is cat dander turning his eyes into watery, red messes and his nose into a leaky faucet. “I coulda told you that,” he grumbles. But he also comes away with a prescription for a magical little yellow pill for preventative use—safe for everyday (he’d asked)—and a prescription-strength nasal spray for acute attacks.
“You—” Dean stares, all wide green eyes and freckles and bee-sting-pink lips. Cas clenches his jaw and awaits judgement. “Feelings?”
Cas sways under his hands, and maybe this is a bit of the blind leading the visually challenged. “Pfft,” he scoffs. “It’s only — um.” Cas squints into the kitchen at the bright blue LED clock over the stove. “11:12 pm. 11:13.”
“Nah, dude,” Dean sits up with a grunt, stretching his back, shifting his legs out from under Cas’s. “You can borrow some clothes if you want.”
There’s still no answer when he comes out. Feeling weirdly dejected, he strips off the robe and gathers up his clothes from yesterday, sliding his button-down and slacks onto his sticky skin and consoling himself that his shower is not very far away.
Dean huffs with a bounce of his eyebrows and finally starts in on his breakfast. “Well, then you’re probably doing it wrong.”
Alistair just laughs at him. “Okay, tiger. Look. I’m gonna do you a favor. I’ll keep an eye on that Little Miss Jo for you. Okay? Okay.” And before Dean can even open his mouth, Alistair turns with a wink and a grin and waltzes out of the office.
“Dean?” It’s barely a whisper, so soft Dean’s not sure he heard it at first. Probably wouldn’t have if he hadn’t been so entranced by the sound of Cas’s breath moving in his lungs.
When Donna knocks on the cat-room door, Castiel is crouched down to eye level with one of the cubbies in the massive cat condo. He can see Dixie’s little white mouth and paws in the shadows, her eyes like small moons.
Dean ducks his head. “Let’s talk about my brother and his newborn infant sometime when we’re not both covered in slick, okay?”
“You don’t know when I last dusted,” Dean mutters, but he knows that the bookshelves and television and everything else in the room will give him away on that front.
That gets Cas grinning, and even though he turns away to try and hide it, Dean sees it anyway. He’s wearing that soft maroon hoodie halfway-zipped over one of Dean’s other favorite T-shirts and those second-hand jeans. Dean tries not to think about whose boxers he might be wearing. “I brought breakfast,” Cas says, pointing to the bag.
“Woah, hey—” Suddenly, Dean’s hands are on him properly, one supporting his chest and keeping him from face-planting on the driveway, the other gripping his shoulder, whole-handed and firm. He springs back after barely a second, but his handprints linger like two hot brands. “Sorry—sorry. I, uh.”
, it’s like stirring honey into hot water, melting and sweet all the way through Dean’s body, Cas’s heavy breath like steam on the surface.
“A friend,” Cas says, dry, with an unimpressed arch of his eyebrow. Dean shrugs one shoulder, helpless, and Cas turns to Layla. “Pleasure to meet you,” he says and offers his hand to shake.
The woman screams, broken up by grunts and curses as Cas—fuck—Cas must be finishing too, by the helpless panting and gasping, the slow punctuative grunts—coming inside her—
He does. And then another, nearly falling forward to get as deep as he can. Dean’s grip keeps him stable, anchoring him so that Dean can fuck him two ways: down onto Cas’s fingers stretching him out, up to grind his cock and his ripe, swelling knot into Cas’s hole.
Dean squirms under the attention, very aware of the things he lacks. No knot swelling at his base. No slick starting to leak. “You waiting for an invitation or something?” he mutters, feeling a flush blooming over his skin that has nothing to do with his arousal.
Dean tears his eyes off Cas’s fingers long enough to grab the steaming plate and a fork. “You want any hot sauce or anything?”
Dean hedges, but ultimately, the encouraging lift to Cas’s eyebrows shoves him into the pool. “What the hell,” he says, “it’s Saturday.”
“Oh my god,” Cas says around a mouthful. “I definitely needed this. Thank you.” He’s barely swallowed before he’s inhaling another huge bite.
A little clock with a rainbow enamel inlay around the face ticking quietly on the corner of his desk.
Before he does, Cas takes a bit of mercy on Dean and tosses him one of the enormous beach towels he’d stolen from Anna’s linen cupboard. “Here,” he says. “For your delicate modesty.”
Dean hums around Cas’s shaft and works his hand under the knot. He squeezes tight up under it, forcing the knot to flare harder, firmer.
“Woah, hey.” Now Dean does sit up, a hand flat in the middle of Cas’s back, hot palm, cool skin. He feels goosebumps prickle under his touch. “I didn’t mean it like that.”
“Oh. Yeah, I don’t have any—yeah, come on. Uh. You want a beer?” he asks as he edges past Castiel out the door into the rest of the apartment.
There is no discussion of sleeping arrangements that night. Dean is cozy under the blankets when Cas comes out from brushing his teeth, and he just crawls right in on the other side under the cover of darkness. Exhausted as he is, Dean stays awake long enough to soak up his warmth under the duvet and listen to the noises his breathing makes. He breathes in the scent of Cas, mostly toothpaste and antiseptic, but still. After a few moments of lying in the dark, he scoots a little closer, wriggling until his knee nudges Cas's thigh, thrilling when Cas doesn't pull away.
Dean’s too busy grunting under the weight of his load to reply to that right away. “I dunno,” he says as they get to the top of the stairs. “She’s missing out on some killer pizza you’re buying me later.”
Cas and Dean share a shrug, then take the other side of the booth, Cas sliding over to the window and Dean perching close to the edge to avoid thigh contact. The little man brings over a tray with a plate of rice and mango and three iced teas topped with sweetened milk.
Instead, he’d swooped in with those big, soft eyes and shoulders that filled out his T-shirt far too well and this persistent, earnest goodness that makes Castiel feel no better than a cockroach. And now he’s just sitting there, more or less at ease in Castiel’s den of iniquity. Right there on his bed, in the spot where he eats and sleeps and fucks, like he belongs—
Finally, Dean summons up words from deep in his lungs, forces them out his mouth. It’s not easy to do these days.
“Car?” he asks, already breathless. Cas hums in agreement, and it’s a quick scramble off the hood, squeaky doors opening and slamming shut, and then he’s back in Cas’s arms. Dean slides so that the steering wheel isn’t digging into his side, maneuvers them so that Cas is straddling his lap—with only one unfortunate impact of skull against the car’s low roof—and then he’s lost. Cas is heavy in the best way, holding him tight to the bench seat, enveloping him in sandalwood scent and body heat. Through his tank top, under his denim shorts, Dean’s hands trace over smooth, hot skin and muscles that move like cords under cloth. His hands are everywhere: in Dean’s hair, tugging at his collar, thumbs pulling at the spaces between the buttons of his shirt like he desperately wants inside. He’s been doing that a lot the last few times they’ve done this. Dean wishes he would just tear his shirt open, buttons be damned. He wants those hands on his skin, those strong, nimble fingers and broad palms exploring his chest.
What if Cas is in trouble? What if he’s into some shady shit? Guy’s kind of an enigma. Dean knows he’s technically homeless, and though he’d never given off any particularly downtrodden vibes, it occurs to Dean that he’s only ever actually seen Cas here, in Anna’s space. He has no idea what Cas is really like, what his real life is like. He’s not sure if that should bother him more or less than it does.
Dean catches his stare, but very quickly looks away. “So. You, uh, found somethin’ that worked for you?”
“God yeah, you don’t even have to ask,” Dean says, and he’s about to reach for his own fly, but Cas is doing it for him, fumbling with the button and zip and then tugging both jeans and boxers down his legs. He doesn’t go straight down, though, like Dean expects him to. First he sits back and looks. Just looks.
Dean spots them almost as soon as he rounds the nose of the car. His footsteps halt; his spine stiffens; his expression runs the gamut from surprise to shock to shuttered so tight, Castiel has no hope of seeing what’s behind.
Dean pulls out a roguish grin that he knows doesn’t have his heart in it and says, “You’re my doctor, not my therapist. Maybe we could talk about it over a drink—”
Claire is silent against that, but it’s the sort of huffy silence of someone who was all ready with the battering ram only to find that the door had swung open in front of her.
Dean bites off a curse. There, right there against his burgeoning erection, is the swell of Cas’s cock in his goofy, all-white boxers. Seems Dean’s not in this boat by himself.
For a few seconds, Cas doesn’t move, but then he shuffles forward again and cradles the back of Dean’s head and interlaced hands in his own and gives an experimental thrust. Dean rewards his courage with a loud groan, sucking him deeper. He wants, he
Dean looks down at the hand on his shoulder and takes a quick, involuntary breath in, his instinct to scent, to bare his throat. He still mostly smells fruit, but the way Dean’s blood is surging at his touch, there’s no way this man is anything but an alpha.
Dean ends up staring at the Impala, sipping on the end of a bottle of Jim Beam, not quite breathing right. When his last sip is empty, the anger sears through him, quick and hot, and he hurls the bottle at the wreckage. It shatters against the bumper, and it’s not enough. He rips off the tarp to see her twisted, broken body, his twisted, broken life, and drives his fist into the metal. It echos, tinny and dull. So he swings again. Again, again, until he hears something crack, and he’s not sure if it’s the car or his fist. There’s a pile of scrap plywood nearby; he grabs a length of that instead.
“Of course I have a car,” Dean says, borderline offended. “You don't think I could own a body shop and take the bus, do you?”
Castiel’s spine snaps straighter at Dean’s voice, and he really hopes that he didn’t hear much of their conversation. He turns with a grimace frozen on his face. Dean isn’t looking at him. He’s ordering a Manhattan of his own.
Cas would stay in the bunker with them. Where else would he go? He couldn't kick the guy out on his ear.
Dean’s wide eyes have to be surprise, shock at this taboo that Castiel should have known he was breaking. Why couldn’t he have kept his mouth shut? Or better yet, not been such an absolute
“No no, I. Uh. I’m — interested, yeah.” That’s one word for it. Dean can feel the flush in his neck now, warm and bright. At this point it’s starting to feel inevitable, like gravity, him and Cas falling into each other. “Friday?” he asks, finally looking up.
, so thick his mouth waters for it. “Fucking hell, Cas,” he groans against his neck — then opens his teeth against the skin. Cas gives him a little whining cry as he bites down harder, and a little harder, stopping just shy of drawing blood to suckle and bruise the spot with his teeth and tongue. Cas shakes and whimpers against him, clinging tight and fucking himself on Dean’s cock with desperate little circles of his hips.
They spend a long time there, exploring each other’s kisses, moving their bodies in time. Dean takes both of them in hand, pressing Cas’s knot tight to the base of his own cock, stroking from root to tip. Cas is bigger, thicker, but not by much except the knot, and Dean’s leaking precome slicks the way under his hand.
“What’s eating you?” Sam asks, shoving half a piece of toast in his mouth without syrup or anything. Dean’s scowl gets deeper.
“If you’re asking if I’m clothed, no, I’m not,” Cas says, prim and fussy even though the images he puts in Dean’s brain are anything but.
“Cat’s out of the bag now,” Dean says, letting Cas’s body fill the space between his hands, breathing him in.
Dean has no idea where his breath went, because it’s certainly not in his lungs. The railing presses hard against his thighs, taking all of his weight, but there’s only so far he can lean. Sure, he could slide sideways, stumble out of Castiel’s direct gaze and feverish presence. But he doesn’t.
Sam’s grimacing, fluorescent rest-stop lights making weird shadows on his face. Dean pulls his weight off the Impala’s bumper and shoves the jar back into its secret fold in his duffle. “I dunno yet,” he says.
“I hope you won’t take this the wrong way,” Castiel finally says, tentative, “but I’m having trouble pinpointing your secondary.”
He’s startled by Cas’s fist thumping on the plastic table. “Dean — no. You did the right thing. Alphas like him can’t be allowed to get away with that kind of behavior. They give all of us a bad name.” Cas drops his eyes from Dean’s and scowls at his burrito. “Besides, he threatened one of your own.”
Castiel tries to shake the blur from his eyes. His thighs feel like jello. “I’m fine,” he says, but all he can see is Dean. Up close and surrounded like this, Castiel can detect a grassy, wheaty accent, like the dry end of summer. God, he wants to wrap himself around that scent. He could get closer. He
Okay. Good. Dean can work with breasts. Feigning casualness, Dean leans against a bookshelf and shrugs. “That’s not usually why I wanna hold onto ‘em, but yeah, sometimes they do get a little jiggly.”
The heat of Castiel’s mouth retreats with a wet pop, but his fingers venture further, two of them swiftly reaching knuckle-deep and aiming straight for his sweet spot.
“May I?” Cas asks, but now it sounds sultry and enticing as his nimble fingers play with the button on Dean’s jeans.
They reach the trailhead; it’s only a short walk, but Dean remembers when it felt much longer, partly because he was younger, partly for the weight he carried. They cross bridges over dry creek beds and duck under a couple of fallen logs before the path opens up on a dark rock outcropping. They can see the ragged line of the mountains under the blue, blue sky, and below them the rocks drop away steeply into an emerald green valley.
Bobby’s face pinches, surprised. Hurt. Why should he be, though? It’s just a car, like all the others. A wreck of a car, no less.
“Besides, Sammy’s got my car.” A roll of his eyes, and then, “Guess I should get used to calling him
Rufus snorts. “I did warn you. You’re gonna have a peanut gallery at that big meeting of yours, which I’m sure you remembered and spent your whole vacation planning for.” Now he does smile, his sarcasm laced around a grin and a twinkling eye. Dean groans.
Dean laughs again, and the conversation falls comfortably silent until they’re nearly to the country club. (Castiel hates country clubs, and he hates golf course weddings. This place is both.)
“Balthazar, what makes you think I’m going to find a boyfriend in the next two weeks?” Castiel skims through the names of men he’s managed to even hook up with in the last several months. It’s very short, and contains no one he’d be comfortable asking to play wedding date.
As Dean’s fussing over the blanket, Cas’s eyes crack open just enough to see a sliver of iris, and he sucks in a yawn. Dean freezes. Stock-still, braced for the impact of embarrassment.
Or he could rush out there and ambush the guy, pin him down and get a straight story out of him—although that may be a poor choice of metaphor because his brain wants him to take that literally, and he’s not even sure what answers he wants.
“Okay, so, you know what? Prove me wrong. Show me how this is so fine and I don’t have to be worried about you.”
“Don’t sound so surprised,” Cas says, just a touch of acid in his tone. There’s that itching powder again. “Anyway, I worked for the state for a while in and after college. I wore a suit and everything.”
“Ah, the weekend,” Adler says, somehow making the act of putting one’s hands in one’s pockets look passive-aggressive. “Anything exciting?”
It’s a hot take if Dean’s ever heard one, but he keeps his mouth shut. He guesses Claire’s not exactly the best audience for the intrinsic benefits of academia.
It’s Dean. Castiel’s heart balloons inside him, even moreso when he catches Dean’s glance through the glass. Dean’s smile is wide, almost blinding; his little wave is sweetly shy.
He should probably take it off the ring. There is an entire continent between him and that house, now.
By the time he manages to look up again, the waitress has gone, and Dean is staring at him with deep disappointment. “Dude,” he says, spreading his hands on the tabletop. “What the hell? I’ve seen awkward, but that—that was just sad.”
“Yeah, well. Better they attack us when we’re prepared for it than haul off another tourist. Besides, I got a few tricks up my sleeve.”
It’s stupid to get all fluttery over a semi-colon. Doesn’t stop him. Everyone knows winking faces are grade-A 21st-century flirting, right?
It's a nightmare. All-new equipment, not even six months old, failing catastrophically. An employee injured on the job. A fight ending in blood between cats he
Dean cuts off when Alistair and Cole burst into audible laughter. Cole doubles over and Alistair claps his hands a couple of times in sinister mirth. Dean feels his jaw clench; he’s on the verge of calling them out when a short hiss brings his attention to Rufus, who mouths ‘later.’ So Dean shuts his mouth, glares daggers at the two clowns in the back, and continues with his spiel.
Lust-blown pupils, flushed cheeks and lips, and green, green, green he could drown in. Dean’s fingertips on his cheek, drawing him back in for a kiss. It’s sweet and playful this time, a communion, a conversation, even as Castiel’s hips start to piston hard into Dean’s eager body. He’s pliant, but not submissive, taking as much as he gives, as much as Castiel can give, and Castiel is forever in his service.
Dean feels his nose twitch at that. Sounds to him like a pointless money-pusher, but he doesn’t want to say that. “Are you good at it?”
“God, Cas, I’m sorry. I can’t—I don’t know how to do this. I wish you were here—god, I wish we’d had just—” He stops. Swallows. If they’d had just a few more minutes. “I’d show you how I feel. I’m no good with the words, but I—you have to know I love you, too.” They come out on a hiccoughing, choking breath, and he has to swallow barbed wire for a few moments. A wash of white-hot rage bubbles through him out of nowhere, and his knuckles clang against the shelf. He hates that it feels good to hit something. “Dammit, Cas, why now? Why like this? You selfish bastard, why—?” Then he slumps against the shelf, fight draining from him as quickly as it had come on. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry I couldn’t be better for you. You’re the most—everything you said about me, if any of that’s true, it’s true because of you. Alright? Without you, I’m—”
He pulls off. “Deeper, come on,” he pants out, glancing up to make sure Cas heard, then gets Cas’s cock back between his lips.
It’s a safe bet. Benny’s face gets all soft and pink the way it always does when he starts talking about his new fiancee. Andrea is the reason Benny moved out, and Dean has never seen a better reason to lose a roommate.
Hearing that doesn’t exactly make Dean feel better, but it is a relief. He offers Benny half a smile, and they spend the rest of lunch skirting around the issue. When Benny hugs Dean goodbye, he holds just a half-second longer than usual, and somehow that makes Dean feel even worse.
not cold, bundled up as he is in fleece and quilts with a mound of pillows all around him. But he’s alone in the bed; the only sign of Dean is a trace of honey scenting the pillows.
Cas’s swan-dive is a thing of beauty, the emerald water parting like a clamshell to receive his toned body. Dean holds his breath behind chattering teeth for a few seconds until Cas surfaces a few yards away with a beatific look on his face. He’s already relaxing into a backstroke, like he was born in the water.
Dean lets out a sigh he doesn’t seem to have enough air for. “Apparently, this is something Sam needs to do alone.”
They sit there for a long while, Dean staring off into space while TimTam makes himself comfortable on Dean’s chest, feet tucked up under himself. The pressure is soothing on the ache under Dean’s throat.
Cas sits heavier on the toilet lid, grimacing in pain when Dean whips the needle through his flesh with quick, practiced motions. Their disposable syringes of local anesthetic can only do so much; he'd used almost all of the ones they had on hand. The gashes are long, but shallow, and widely spaced. So that’s one thing going for them.
Once Dean’s pulled his boat of a vehicle into a parking spot, he slaps a friendly hand on Castiel’s shoulder, the contact startling and solid. “C’mon,” he says. “It won’t be that bad.”
It’s not a long drive, and Dean’s car is very nice. Along the way, Dean peppers him with questions, and Castiel fills him in as best he can.
It’s a long, slow, all-consuming fire that leaves him feeling hollowed out, like the charred husk of a house, ready to be rebuilt.
Dean drains the water quickly, and Castiel hates that he gets caught staring. He’s trapped in the kitchen, that’s all. Dean is between him and the exit.
Cas pants, eyes closed, then shoots him a small glare. “You’re just saying that because you — have the upper hand right now,” he gasps.
Sam echoes his grin, though with considerably more shell-shocked fear. “Can I—I mean—the truck’s still half full, I—”
“Then where should I turn for instruction?” Cas asks, finally looking up from the screen, all big blue eyes and grumpy-lined face, and Dean feels the words queueing up in his throat. His brain blows every whistle it has,
Cas nods slowly, then makes a stalwart attempt at burying himself in the pillows. His jeans are hideously uncomfortable, twisted around his legs; he lifts and shimmies, squirms his hips, tugging at damp denim, trying to get them uncurled. The fact that it grinds his cock against the mattress is an incidental frustration.
Dean loves his art. The smell of the ink, experimenting with different styles, the perfectionism required by permanence. He loves the challenge of taking someone’s ideas and spinning them up into something they'll love for the rest of their lives. It takes a little bit of mind reading sometimes, but it's worth it. Usually.
“It’s okay,” Dean says, grinning and grabbing two power bars from the cupboard. “Here,” he tosses one of the bars at Cas’s chest. “Eat up. You’ll need it.”
Cas spends a long time examining the pool cues, long enough that Dean’s tempted to go over there and tell him it actually doesn’t matter, they’re all the same in a shitty dive like this. By the time he finally joins Dean at the pool table, half of Dean’s beer is gone. “Okay,” he says, sidling up a little closer to Cas than necessary, telling himself It’s all for the sake of teaching or whatever. “Playing pool is almost as important a skill for a hunter as marksmanship. So—”
Charlie nods and wanders away, leaving Dean with the hollowness of his body, the ache that makes it hard to move, or even breathe.
Dean tracks the stink of sulfur down the game trail, under bending vine maples and over standing rocks, through a thicket of fireflies twinkling like stars brought down to earth. The moon climbs to its zenith while Dean’s senses bloom wilder, sharper. He sees crystals in the moonlight, webbing nets across the low-hanging boughs. The forest is heavy with the scents of life, both natural and
A quick, awkward shuffle, and Dean is over him on the bed, knees pushing Cas's legs wider. Cas's pulse quickens even before Dean's breath, his lips, his eyelashes so close, drive thought from Cas's brain. The world tilts — maybe it's a tail end of his trip, or maybe it's just Dean, but either way, Cas's world rocks a little off its axis and he groans against the weight of Dean. And Dean — Dean collapses on him with an answering sound, an echo, and Cas can feel the thunder of his heartbeat.
“Bossy, bossy.” But he relents, letting go of Cas with a quick squeeze and reaching for his own belt. Cas helps, pulling down his zipper while he tangles with the buckle, and it’s
So Dean nods, looks around a little self-consciously, then starts unbuttoning his shirt. Cas’s eyes are instantly glued to his fingers, and he ambles around the car as casually as he can manage for a better view.
But if he can sufficiently worry down the wall between them on the subject of sex and sexuality, then perhaps…
“Yeah, sorry, this turned into my workout space,” Dean says as Cas blinks down at an all-in-one resistance machine parked in front of a TV where his mind tells him there ought to be a couch.
There’s a voice, which might be saying ‘come in.’ With great trepidation, Castiel reaches for the knob.
Dean cups Cas’s knot in the soapy washcloth just to feel the hot flesh pulse in his palm. His sloppy grin grows. “Playing with fire here,” he hums, giving a little squeeze.
Cas shrugs one shoulder. “I’ll drift off eventually,” he says. “Acid is almost as much fun in the dark as it is in the light.”
As Castiel starts digging into his pancakes, it takes him a minute to notice that Dean isn’t eating. He looks up, mouth full of syrupy carbs, and finds Dean staring at him again.
Finally, the silence is too much to take. He elbows Cas in the back, gently, so as not to startle him. “You awake back there?” His whisper sounds shockingly loud in the darkness.
“Think we could do this when I don’t have cat claws in my neck?” he asks, his voice gone high and shaky.
“I kinda thought so,” Dean says. At Castiel’s questioning look, he says, “You said he was one of the groomsmen, and I knew it wasn’t Balthazar, so he was the next best guess.”
“Bullshit.” This time, Dean doesn’t even try to stop the reflex. “That’s bullshit, Cas. You don’t owe him anything.”
They’re back. They’re all back. Everyone Chuck took—Donna, Eileen, Stevie, Bobby, the other hunters.
When Dean meets his eye again, his pupils are blown wide and dark. “What was that you said about kissing?”
Sam sighs a heavy, bitchy sigh and sinks down in the seat. One foot tucks up next to the side mirror, the way he did when he was all bones and teenage ennui. Dean lets it slide. What’s one more set of footprints on his car? He’s gonna detail her interior when they get back, anyway. It’ll be good to have something to occupy his brain and his hands while he avoids Cas, like he knows he will.
At a red light, Dean risks a glance at Cas. His expression is as dry as his voice, like the pages of an old book, but in the instant when Dean catches his eye, Dean gets a jolt of his real fear. She could do it, and there’s very little Cas could actually do to stop her.
Dean shrugs. “I mean, yeah. But it’s not as excruciating as people make it out to be. Besides, pain’s temporary. The art is there forever.”
Dean’s practically glowing. Cas tries not to notice how his T-shirt is tight across his chest or how the light through the window catches in his eyes, but it’s a hopeless venture. “Well, look what the cat dragged in,” he says, his smile small in stature, but it suffuses his face and voice. “Welcome to Winchester, Ink.”
“Swept me right off my feet,” Dean says, with the kind of warm sincerity that has Castiel almost believing him. The butterflies in his stomach do, at least.
It takes a second, but then it thunks into place, what he’s talking about. “Oh. Forget it,” he says. He’s certainly been trying to. Sort of.
All these years, and it still warms his heart to see his brother grin like that. “That’s what counts.”
“Running is a very efficient form of cardiovascular exercise,” Cas says, sounding all at once more like an angel than he has in weeks. “It builds muscle tone, aids with respiratory functionality, and promotes healthy cholesterol levels. I need to take care of this body, Dean, now that it’s—”
Cas sits up, allowing Dean to struggle out of his shirt a little more easily, and by the time he’s free of the cotton—“Thanks for the assist, man”—Cas has also removed his shirt, and Dean’s tongue stutters against his teeth at the miles of bare skin and wiry chest in front of him. “Dude—”
It’s a good kiss, open-mouthed and messy. Dean can only stand so much of watching their tongues slip from one to the other before he goes a little light-headed.
“Hi, Dixie,” Donna says quietly. Dixie’s pale-blue eyes are fixed on Claire’s outstretched palm. Castiel waits for the moment when she spooks and dashes back to the safety of the box, but it doesn’t come. Claire just smiles down at her, whispering softly while she sniffs and rubs on her fingertips. When Claire slowly withdraws her hand, Dixie follows. She follows all the way to Claire’s knee. Before Castiel’s very eyes, she stands up on Claire’s lap so that they’re almost face to face, her small body stretched out long and her paws on Claire’s chest.
It doesn't take more than a few slow rolls of their hips together before they are both getting hard and lining up together just so. Dean breaks the kiss with a whimper and a wince and reaches down to shift himself in his jeans, knuckles rubbing incidentally against Cas's cock as he does so. “Sorry,” he murmurs. “Little — little uncomfortable.”
“That boy’s got more on his plate than a Denny’s breakfast platter,” Donna says. “But he’s around. Why, your sweet tooth gettin’ the better of ya?” Her wink tells Dean that she’s got his number, and he feels a little warm under the collar.
Dean hasn't even stopped to consider the calories all evening. Not when he drank his first tankard of wine, not when he and Cas, Charlie and Dorothy shared skewered meat and toasted bread with cheese at the Kitchens. A part of his brain tries to yell about it now, but it’s muted, distant. Everything about his normal life feels very far away.
At his back, Cas is a solid warmth, sitting up stiff and alert. Any other time, Dean would be thrilled to be this close to him, but now, for once, his heart has other reasons to be beating like a marching drum against his ribs.
Cas chuckles again, kissing up over Dean’s hip and side. “There’s a joke in there about fifths of liquor, but I find myself too distracted to make it.” His fingers curl under the waistband of Dean’s boxers, suggestive.
There. He sits up a little straighter, tightening his fist, not wanting to miss the moment when Mr. Hugedick first slides his cock into Star-Tat’s tight hole.
Dean laughs, a little more humor in it this time, and arches his shoulders under Cas’s hand, popping his spine. “What about you?” he asks.
Dean’s natural inclination is to decline, say it’s fine, they can keep watching TV, but his fingers are itching and he needs something to do with them. Cas must catch him glancing at his guitar, because, before Dean can respond, he’s flicked off the TV and picked up his notebook.
Charlie’s hand is small and light on his shoulder, the one still stained with blood, and Dean flinches away. “Yeah,” he says, robotic. “Just—go ahead, I’m gonna—” he jerks a thumb over his shoulder. He’s probably got a bottle of Jack in his room somewhere. Good idea? No. But he’s earned it.
There’s about ten seconds where neither of them moves. Dean stares at him, slowly masticating his bacon. Castiel has the sensation of teetering on the edge of a knife, ready to fall in one direction or the other, or possibly be sliced up the middle.
Cas is quiet for a few minutes. The air in the car starts to thicken with the sunshine’s heat, so Dean turns on the AC with a familiar rattle.
True to suspicion, Dean meanders in Castiel’s direction. “You’re doin’ good,” he says as he approaches. Castiel snorts. “I’m serious. You’re tense, but you’re at a good starting point.”
But then there’s a firm hand on his shoulder, stopping him, turning him back. “Would you let me finish a sentence before you run off, please?”
Without Cas to look forward to, the weekend looms, long and lonely. He finds himself planning to come into the office on Saturday and maybe Sunday too, try and get ahead—
“Alright, everyone,” he says, deliberately deepening his voice, trying to carry it further. “It’s audit season, which means we’re gonna hafta be on our toes. As you might remember, we passed the AIB audit with zero non-compliance.” This gets a smattering of polite applause and a single “woo!” from Jo. Notably, nothing from Alistair or Cole; Dean smiles his thanks at Jo. “Doesn’t mean we can let her idle, though —” a couple of snickers from those who appreciate car puns. “— We got that score because we worked our butts off. Now —”
"Watch out!" Cas says with quiet urgency, holding TimTam with a firm hand on his back as Mango crouches, fluffed and alert. The two toms square off, clearly at the ready, and Mango gets in one good solid hiss, ears flattening out, before Donna manages to scoop him up and carry him out of the room.
He shuts the door very firmly, strips down to his boxers, and lays out on the bed. Gets his laptop and navigates to one of the sites he’d pointed Cas toward. He’d spied a dark-haired, amply endowed woman getting speared by a nice, thick cock on the front page, and sure enough, there she is. The video claims her name is Christina, but who the hell knows. She’s got her eyes rolled back in her head in apparent bliss. He loads up the video and is more than a little pleased with himself for how quickly his cock fills up in his palm. Hey, when a guy’s staring forty in the face, he’s allowed.
"Oh, Dean…" he sighs into the heat of Dean's neck. Dean shivers as Castiel's lips find the skin over his collarbone, as his fingers bump down the ridges of his stomach to tug at the waist of his jeans.
“Cas. Hey—” Dean does not take very long to wake up, and his shadow shifts against the hazy-dark outline of the window. “This isn’t what it looks like—”
By the time he spies a glint of sunlight on water through the trees, his pack seems to have doubled in weight, sweat is sticking his shirt to his back, and there’s a blister on his left heel. When he reaches the campsite—such as it is—it’s a goddamn relief. He plonks his backpack down next to the ring of rocks and digs out a bottle of water for his pounding head. He drains it, then goes for the jerky.
Without a single change of expression, without taking his eyes off the screen, Cas says, “Do you ever want to hold women’s breasts still for them?”
“Try the orgy room,” Crowley calls. “Through the beaded curtain.” He drops into a tattered armchair as if it were a throne. He doesn’t look happy; more like it’s not worth the effort to throw them out just yet.
Dean has no idea what this Crowley character has that he doesn’t have, but the mental image of them together is suddenly right in his face. He feels a bit ill in the close, smokey air in the living room.
But Cas doesn’t come in. They circle, eyes locked, muscles tense. Dean fights the urge to look away because, if he does that, that’s surely when Cas will strike. But the longer he stares into those crystal-blue eyes, the more hypnotized he feels. The more he finds himself memorizing the tousled sweep of his hair, chocolate brown with the summer sun, the shadow of stubble on his strong jaw. The way his large, nimble fingers grip the hilt of his boffer and the way his billowy shirt gaps open at the throat to reveal a glimpse of collarbone, shining with sweat.
Dean is in the shower when Cas wakes up. He can hear the water streaming through the pipes in the walls. This happens most mornings, and it’s one of the things that had given him the idea to have a little fun with Dean. Something inside him shrivels up all dark and burnt when he thinks about that now, but at the time, he hadn’t known any better. Dean had just been some hot square he’d wanted to fuck with a little, knock down a peg or two—
There’s quiet on Cas’s end for a moment, a staticky whoosh of tires on distant pavement in Dean’s ear. “I don’t think I will be welcome at family Christmas this year,” Cas says at last.
Dean jolts off the door as if he’s been poked with a cattle prod, even as a heavy bass pulse of blood pounds his cock back to life.
“Seriously? Only a hundred fifty?” He’d be more affronted, but Cas’s hands are sliding around his waist, dropping down to finger the pleats of his kilt, rubbing the rough canvas over his bare thighs. It had been a risk, being traditional about his kilt-wearing in a group like this, but as the tingles flood over his skin and pool in his groin, Dean has a feeling it’s about to be very worth it.
“Here, let’s get you out of there,” he says, gruff, offering a hand to help Castiel step over the circle of rocks.
going to have this conversation. Interesting. Cas swallows against his heartbeat and turns one hand open-palmed on his knee. “I could say the same. I didn’t know if it was just your heat talking, or if you actually—” he stops. Can't say the words
When Dean comes back with the bag dangling from his fingers, Cas encounters a problem. “Hold him down for me, please,” he says.
Dean huffs at himself, opens his eyes to roll them, but Cas can see the faintest pleased flush on his cheekbones. “Everyone always says that. It’s not right for an alpha.”
And he’s done his duty as a friend, every single damn time. He’s talked him through it as calmly as he possibly can, given him as straight an answer as he’s capable of. (No jokes.) This is like having to give Sammy the Talk fifteen times over the course of a year because the kid kept bringing home more and more books from various school libraries.
And that, more than anything, rattles Dean to the core. He ducks his chin and is suddenly very aware of his hands hanging at his sides. He shoves them in his pockets. “Yeah, well. Anyway. What now?”
Rainbow Revels is living proof that you don’t have to be obliquely honoring the Stonewall riots to celebrate Pride. It was started by a pair of leather-workers in town who wanted a smaller, local-focused queer business showcase when the market wasn’t saturated by the big festivals in June. Jesse and Cesar are old friends who wear a lot of Dean’s ink, so of course he’d been on board from the start.
Dean sighs, deep and heavy like the air rushing out of a long-sealed vault. “I mean, yeah. Not in a long time though. College.”
Cas directs them out of the neighborhood. Dean plays his part as silent chauffeur, listening idly to their conversation. They seem to be taking a circuitous route toward the trendy-artsy part of the city where the people are hip but the money hasn’t figured it out yet. While they drive, Dean learns a few things about Claire: she lives with her grandmother, she’s deeply interested in film theory, and she hasn’t been to school in almost two weeks.
“He’s just some guy,” he says, out of the blue. Ellie levels him with a yellow-eyed stare, one part disdain, one part indifference, five parts sass. “You won’t judge me, will you?”
Tears fight their way into his eyes as he beats around the tent bags and coffee beans. He feels a warm hand on his shoulder and turns, seeing Dean’s worried face. “Cas, I’m sorry—”
He’s in. They’re in. Their fingers side by side, lighting Dean up like a match. He throws his head back and swears into the night sky; Cas’s lips trace shivers down his throat.
This time, when they end up on the floor, they take most of the bedding with them, and there is considerably more laughter.
Dean’s heart hammers up his throat to his mouth, sitting on his tongue like a copper penny. No, no, this is all wrong. “Look, we can go home right now—”
“Keep playing,” Cas says, and shifts his body until his nose is tucked behind Dean’s ear and his lips are in position.
Dean idly wonders if Castiel will be hunting, and a cool thrill shocks over his skin at the prospect. For a heart-pricking moment, Dean wonders what it would be like to be
“Fine,” Dean concedes, and tries not to acknowledge the way his stomach tries to crawl up his throat. “If I get shot down, will you shut up?”
Cas doesn’t respond for a second; Dean sweats bullets in the direct summer sun. Then, “Yes, small world, isn’t it?”
There is a pop when the tender knot slides past the ring of Dean’s muscle, and suddenly he feels twice as full, even though at the moment Cas’s knot is not all that much of a swelling. Dean sucks in air like he can’t get enough and rides down to feel Cas’s hips flush with his ass, the intense pressure of the knotted cock seated inside him.
“You okay?” Sam asks. He’s keeping a careful distance. Cas slumps down on the window seat and scrubs his face with both hands, digging his fingertips into his eyes until he sees purple and green.
With a high, soft whine, Cas bites down harder on the slope of Dean’s shoulder. His teeth find the mark he’s been worrying there since the previous night — the darkest of several collaring Dean’s neck and throat — and then angles his cock so that he slides smoothly into Dean’s loose, messy hole. It’s filthy and it’s ridiculously hot and Dean’s recently-spent cock gives a valiant twitch in response to the heat sizzling under his skin.
Inside, there's a moment of peace. Castiel breathes it in, then smoothes down the hair over his ear. Unruly, as always. He just had it cut last week, and it's already growing wings.
Like I said, there's always a risk but that's no reason not to try. Give him a chance to impress you!
“Verily,” Cas says, and Dean snorts. “Right up until the industrial revolution.” He turns and starts to amble along the vague circle of stalls, and that’s when Dean notices his ears.
Panic snaps quick inside him. He flails against the constriction of fleece, doing no good, only tangling himself further and almost beaning his head on a table leg before—
When he turns around, Charlie is still standing there, her face blank except for the elevation of her eyebrows. They are sky-high. “What?”
By the light of the flames at his feet, Dean watches as Castiel unfolds. Draws a deep breath. Opens his eyes, instantly the brightest thing in the night.
“Head on home. Get your jammies on. Have some coffee and spike it with that Irish Cream stuff. Write something. I’ll see if I can knock off a bit early and come join you. Maybe tonight we can go out and celebrate? Get Charlie and the beta gang together. Call Meg. Maybe Benny. We’ll make a party out of it, if that’s what you want.”
“Don’t say a word,” Castiel says, pulling his satchel from under his desk and stuffing it with papers. “Do you have the Anderson budget?” Perhaps he should feel bad for being so short, but it has been a long week, and Gabriel has burned through most of what remained of his fuse.
He drinks some tea with lemon, then chews on some Tums for the heartburn. That counts as food, right?
Cas barely has time to shove at Dean’s shoulder and whine his name in warning before he seizes with pleasure. Legs trembling, clamped around Dean’s shoulders and he’s — he’s still in Dean’s mouth. He can feel Dean’s throat working to swallow and
“Nah.” Dean drops his foot and leans forward, pulling his right arm out of his sleeve, and Castiel’s heart kicks against his ribs because this is the first time he’s seen Dean in less than two layers. In the chill of winter, he’s worn thermals and socks and boots under his kilt, flannels and a jacket at all times. This veritable cornucopia of skin encased in only one layer of cloth is shocking. “This one’s my first,” Dean is saying, and Castiel shakes his head to pull his mind out of the gutter. Dean is pointing to a red shape on his bicep. A very familiar red shape.
“You don’t have to go,” Cas says, not sounding out of breath in the slightest, even in the middle of what is supposed to be a workout routine. “I'm almost finished. There's beer in the fridge. Make yourself at home.”
Cas looks grumpy. Which has become the norm, but still. Dean musters a grin as he sets Cas’s beer down in front of him on the waist-high table. “Just hanging out,” he says. “Thought it’d be good to get out of the bunker for a bit.”
, simple black with a sportsy logo on one delicious hip. Castiel eventually controls himself, and figures that laughter is probably better than trying to figure out whether or not Dean’s circumcised through the clinging fabric.
He gives her a nod and a smile back. He likes Hannah more genuinely than most people in this office. “Morning,” he says.
Cas raises one eyebrow at him. “Too bad,” he says, and halfway sits up to tug the shirt off over his head. Then they’re kissing again, somehow, and Cas is wiggling out of the flannel bottoms, and Dean wrenches away to look down at him, let him kick his way naked —
So chapters 6 and 7 were originally one chapter that got way too long. SO. Have two for your Sunday ^__^
“You’re quiet. It’s weird. You never miss an opportunity to flirt with me, or my nurses. So what gives?” She crosses her arms and tosses her hair over her shoulder. “This really is just allergies, right? Are you actually dying and hiding it really well?”
The text comes in a few hours later that Cas is on his way home. Dean definitely waits up this time, an hour or so past his usual bedtime, and he’s halfway dozing on the couch with only the kitchen light and the TV on low volume when the sound of the door opening jerks him awake.
“What? Oh. I mean, yeah, it’s a nice Jag, but—um.” Oh, Dean is pretty when he blushes. Castiel did that. He bites his lips against a smirk and pushes past Dean—just a little too close. Close enough that their arms brush from shoulder to elbow.
He hears more than sees Dean shrug in the darkness. “I was just gonna put you back in the bed and leave, but, well. You cling pretty strong.”
The bell over the door twinkles brightly, and he’s instantly assaulted by how every inch of this place screams
Castiel just stares blankly for another moment before breaking into laughter. “Clearly I didn’t,” he says.
“Damn right I was worried,” Dean says, and the fight drains out of him. “I don’t like being scared, Cas. Especially not about you.”
On his ass, naked, wet, bruised, and still feeling the tingle of a really good orgasm along his nerves, Dean looks humiliation in the eye and gives it a friendly wave. Folding his hands demurely over his family heirlooms, Dean asks, “Can I help you?” from behind his most sarcastic smile.
Down to the trap room. His feet stop cold when he realizes where he’s led himself, icy adrenaline washing over him as he stares at the place where Cas was taken from him.
“It’s fine. Sometimes that would feel really, really good. Just, um. Later.” Cas’s panting distraction makes Dean feel a little better.
“Mmhmm. Yes.” Adler takes a seat in the chair across from Dean’s desk, and Dean resigns himself to another several minutes of irritation. “I did notice you didn’t log your usual hours on Saturday.”
“You don’t have to do that,” Cas says, but he sinks deeper into the cushions and his eyes slip halfway shut.
“You sure you don’t need a scalpel?” Dean asks with a wavering grin. Castiel just levels him a look and tucks the stethoscope ends in his ears.
Of all the questions Dean could have asked, this does not seem to have made it onto Sam’s mental list. Dean watches him trying to find the trick, the very picture of a fresh-faced college graduate attempting to leap into office politics without a springboard. “Uh. Well, if I can be honest, it paid better than anything else I found.”
“We’re not open yet!” Castiel shouts, focusing on getting the grinder safely settled on the counter before turning to face the stranger wandering through the cafe. The bemused look on his face is downright adorable, especially given that “adorable” does not seem to be the look this guy is going for. From his combat boots to his thick winter flannel to—mother have mercy—his heavy black canvas kilt, this guy is every inch the badass.
Dean’s hips work in mindless fucks between Cas’s ass and his hand, completely blissed out and beyond control. “Cas….”
“It’s part-time work, at best, and the youth center is not exactly drowning in cash. It pays enough for gas, a gym membership, a PO box, and food. That’s about it.”
Cas is back to massaging his ass cheeks, spreading and rolling them while peppering kisses from the bottom of Dean’s spine to the sensitive swell of his cheeks, right beside his hole. He circles over and over again, each time coming close to Dean’s opening, hot breath ghosting over it but never a touch, never those lips or tongue that Dean knows are coming, that he wants with ever-brighter desperation —
Anna’s heels click on the way down the hall to the front door. Castiel toes out of his sandals and wanders through the open-plan kitchen, around the island, stepping onto the soft carpet of the living room. Thomas the cat blinks at him, curious, unafraid. Castiel reaches out a hand, letting him sniff his fingertips; he does, then turns away and bounces off the sofa seat toward parts unknown. Figures.
Cas reaches a few feet to the left of Dean’s shoulder, the shift of weight bringing a heated heaviness to all the areas of touch between their bodies. Dean sucks in air and clenches, about to start squirming when Cas comes back with his boffer sword in hand.
Dean’s eyebrows climb as he stacks boxes onto a hand truck. “Really?” He swipes at his sweaty brow with his forearm, then pulls off one of his heavy work gloves to scrub under his nose and the back of his neck. Castiel has to squeeze his thighs together. Pit stains are not sexy, he reminds himself. Not sexy at all. “You come out here for work or something?”
“Hey, there ain’t nothing wrong with loving that fish.” Dean sits back down next to him, a little closer than before. Their bare knees press together, cool and a little scratchy with hair. “I did that one myself. After my folks, after Sam—” he swallows. Might go down that road with Cas, one day. He might appreciate the example. But maybe not today. “Me ‘n’ Sam had to do some life-turning-around, too. And if I learned one thing from all that, it’s that you gotta keep moving forward. That’s the only direction that matters. Everything you’ve been through, sure, it’s part of you. You wouldn’t be who you are without it. But it doesn’t define you. You just gotta keep swimming. Okay?”
Dean is on the couch with a half-finished beer when he hears the click of a brand new key turning the lock. He turns to find Cas shouldering a heavy-looking box against the wall and jiggering the door open with his other hand.
Dean tries, he really, really tries to hold it in, because he is itching to hear anything Donna has to say about Cas. But his eyes are watering and the burn has shot right down his nose, and within seconds, he’s let out three explosive sneezes with more on the way. Through barely open eyes, he can see LaRue zooming across the room in fright at the sudden noise, his skinny little tail poofed up like a bottle brush.
What he has instead is this warm, attentive presence at his side. This indecently handsome man who is free with his smiles and laughter and peppers him with affectionate touches. It should be unnerving from a stranger, having him so close at all times.
Dean shrugs again, crossing his arms over his chest. “Different body shapes, different aesthetics. They can all be attractive. It’s about the—I dunno. Charisma, I guess. Now, I have some preferences, sure, but—”
Dean pulls his face out of Cas’s neck and makes a conscious effort to relax into the pillows. “Once,” Dean says. “With this kinda kinky omega guy. He was, um.” Dean flushes, glancing down at Cas’s cock and knot.
Whatever. Dean has more important things to worry about. After all, he’s really only ever an asshole to Dean, and Dean can take it. Though he should probably see about switching Jo’s shift so that they overlap as little as possible. Just to be on the safe side.
“Cas? Jesus, is this where you’ve been?” Claire looks just as shocked and aghast as he is, and more than a little scared.
“I mean it,” Cas insists. “You’ve come so far in so short a time. Inertia is a powerful force. It’s kept you in one place for a very long time, but now that you’re moving, it will be much easier to keep moving.”
He could watch Cas find out what a mouth feels like. Could watch his hands exploring her curves. Could help Cas find his rhythm with her, whisper dirty suggestions in his ear and watch him follow them. Maybe he could press up behind him and feel first hand the way his hips move when he—
“I’ll go if you go,” Dean says, and then wants to bite his tongue because what on earth is he getting himself into?
“I noticed.” Warm and sultry, the scent of him is, without even a hint of camphor blocking either of their senses.
of Dean’s cock and knot. Cas feels like he’s on fire, a supernova radiating from his pelvis, and he barely has to move at all for the sensations to rock him to the core. And Dean—Dean is busy coming in him again, jerking like he doesn’t know which way is up or down, he just needs, just
Yeah, he’d wondered. He glances around the shop just for good measure; Charlie is nowhere to be seen. “Maybe they’re busy.”
At the end, they lie in a sweaty tangle with Dean’s fingers in Cas’s hair and his legs around Cas’s waist. They won’t be going anywhere for some time.
They are absolutely not the sort of thing Dean would normally wear, not even for washing Baby, but he’d seen the way Cas’s eyes had gone wide and dark and the way he couldn’t stop staring at the bowed curve of his thighs and the—
After a long moment, he stands up straight again and turns to look into Cas’s eyes, heartbreaking blue that rivals the sky, even here when they are so close to it.
It’s too much. It’s too much not enough. Dean’s hips ride between the heat of his throat and the tease of his fingers until his thighs are shaking, until begging words tumble from his lips. “Please,” he moans, “Cas, please, I gotta — you gotta — please —”
Slowly, incrementally, Dean starts to move again, tiny little thrusts and deep, grinding circles, accompanied by deep hums low in his chest. It’s a slow, slow build, sticky-sweet and viscous, and Castiel feels like he’s being turned to jelly. Pleasure wracks through them both, and he holds Dean tight through it all, hands roaming down the lines of his back until they find Dean’s ass cheeks.
He's about to do something crazy like ask if Dean browsing the personals section of craigslist means he's single when he spies a dark-haired figure in one of the dove-gray groomsman tuxes moving through the gathering crowd.
“Yes,” Cas groans, pushing his cock through his fist. He wants to watch Dean’s lips stretch wide around his cock, wants to bury his hands in his wet hair and push as deep as he can go, wants to watch Dean learn how to take it. Wants to see that beautiful visage painted with his release, or feel Dean swallow around him, taking
Castiel chews on his dilemma as they enjoy cedar plank salmon, kale-and-beet salad, and roasted zucchini boats. Meanwhile, Dean keeps the wide beam of charm aimed squarely at him and anyone who happens to come within earshot. He charms them all — Castiel’s father, his other siblings, old friends and even older half-remembered acquaintances, extended family and complete strangers. He sticks like glue to Castiel’s side and keeps up the smiles and the casual contact even when there’s no one else around. Castiel ends up so distracted by everything that is Dean that he completely forgets to look for Inias, or to even avoid looking for Inias.
Dean laughs down at his phone, hoping Alistair and the others who are cleaning up the shop for the night can’t see the lovesick grin on his face.
“Terrified.” He doesn’t elaborate, and Dean doesn’t ask. But he feels Cas’s shoulders shake once, twice, three times, and Dean’s heart cracks a little.
“You sure? This thing’s a bitch,” Dean grunts. “Let’s get it where you want it so you don’t scratch the floors trying to move it yourself.”
He’s lounging in the iron chair, shirtless, in his low-slung magenta pants, a joint smoldering between his fingers, and some mewling, self-destructive part of Dean wants to look at all that exposed skin. Skin he’d touched. But he doesn’t. He watches the joint burn, watches his stubbled chin as he stares up at the sky turning purple overhead.
Before he lets himself collapse onto it, though, he turns back to Dean. “Thank you,” he says. “For earlier. I know you weren’t just interested in my neighbor’s car.”
Silence reigns. They listen to the drum circle, to the crickets in the Forbidden Forest, the merriment of their fellow revelers. Dean wonders vaguely where Charlie has gone.
That thought is interrupted by a gentle tap at the door. “I got a knock,” Dean says into the phone, standard procedure. Benny doesn’t say anything until Dean peers through the peephole. “It’s him.”
Dean freezes with his hand still on Cas’s shoulder, heart hammering. They’ve reached the Impala’s passenger-side door, but he’s unwilling to put the distance of the car between them yet. “Yeah?” is all he can say as he slowly reclaims his hand. His old fed suit feels remarkably good on Cas’s muscular frame.
“No. Dean, you are a worthy soul, and the most caring man I have ever had the privilege of meeting,” and
“S’cuz you were wearin’ that one — when you first came over here. Y’know. The day we met.” If his face weren’t already flushed with drink, Dean’s certain he would be blushing. Either way, it’s getting too warm on the couch.
His voice sounds weirdly tight, strained, and Dean hopes they’re not about to fight about propriety. He just can’t with that right now. “Yeah, help yourself,” he says, opening up the duffel and starting to turf out clothes onto the bed. He’s looking for his gym shorts and a specific AC/DC shirt that’s all threadbare and soft, but he comes up instead with a maroon hoodie he only faintly recognizes.
LaRue and Simon wander off to their own games, Peaches chasing LaRue’s tail all the way to the window. Dixie slowly slinks out of her hiding spot, one foot at a time.
Sam’s smile softens into something less shark-like, more genuine. “Don’t worry,” he says. “I’ll be gentle.” And then he
After hitting the post button, Dean sits back in his chair and attempts to get some actual work done. It’s easier now that he’s at least managed to get it out of his brain so it's not just rattling around in there.
“No.” Biting the bullet, Castiel bends his knees and ducks his head into the sauna inside the Civic. He hauls the straps of his messenger bag over his shoulder, heaves an open-topped box of everyday necessities into his grip, and pointedly ignores the way he can feel eyes on his body. His spine prickles, and not just with sweat; every hair stands on end.
Every morning and every evening, he lets himself into Anna’s duplex to give the cats their various meals. The house doesn’t change, just starts to collect the distinct must of an empty room. On the second day, Dean wonders why they didn’t just do it this way to begin with, why Cas had to housesit at all. It would have been so much easier.
The very last "chapter" after this one will be a short appendix with some thoughts about my a/b/o world and where I came from to write this story. It's not necessary to read, I just felt like sharing.
“We got a few days for the other way around. Besides,” he says with another deep circle of the toy that makes Cas gasp and twitch. “I’m having fun with this.”
The turnout is good—must have a strong social media presence. Dean sips on his Signature Beverage, a Meow-chiato—at least this place is embracing its pun potential—provided to him with a wink and a grin by Donna. It’s tasty. Meanwhile, Charlie samples their tea selection, and Sam munches on a fresh scone.
Dean’s not nervous. He has no reason to be nervous. It’s a regular day, coming home from work, looking forward to the same old normal evening he always has—salad or a protein shake, Tuesday workout while he watches some crap on TV, gin martini, maybe another voicemail from Charlie if he’s lucky—there’s no reason to be nervous.
The text comes in while Dean is trying not to fall asleep in his stats class. His head jerks up to the buzz in his pocket. No one else seems to be paying any attention to him — or to the professor, frankly — so he stealthily digs it out of his pocket and fires off a reply under the desk.
But this—this is fire in a hearth, or the glow of a candle. This is golden windows on a cold night and smoke curling from a chimney, the kind of safety Dean has had precious little of in his life. He wants to cling to it, hold on tight.
not a real bite before drawing back, threading Dean’s hair through his fingers while he searches his face.“Dean,” he pants, close and humid between their lips. “Are you — are you mine?”
And then, just like before, his mind fucking blanks out. He has no idea what to say, how to put into words everything,
New names. Micheal and James Milton. “Milton? Come on, we sound like dweebs from the 1950s,” Dean grouses.
Cas finally drops his gaze. He indulges in a long, slow drag on his joint, holds it in, lets out the plume of smoke to join the air. “What’s there to say?” he asks, voice low and thick through the smoke. “I had a good time with you, Dean.”
He scrolls. He sorts by genre, skirting far away from the “boyfriends and romance” category and landing on “big dicks” almost by accident. Then the way one of the guys’ eyes roll back in his head when his partner slips two fingers in his ass grabs Dean by the cock and pulls him in.
And he does. He still sticks close, but there’s a few extra centimeters of distance that feel like a bungee cord that won’t snap close. He’s still charming, but he keeps their personal conversation on the surface. Over dinner, he’d shown Castiel pictures on his phone of his own brother’s wedding, where he’d been Best Man and done the limbo. Castiel had laughed, their shoulders pressed close and feet knocking together under the table. Now, Dean pulls out his phone to start texting somebody during the Maid of Honor’s speech, knees and hands kept politely to himself.
Dean turns, and Cas has followed him a few steps with a look in his eyes like a lost puppy. He hasn’t shaved yet today, his stubble dark with just a little salt around the chin. It softens his sharp jaw, and Dean feels all at once like someone hooked a fishing line behind his ribs and is yanking him forward.
He’s going to have to find somewhere to hide. They won’t let him help, anyway, so perhaps he can just go upstairs and—
The conversation lulls. Castiel can’t stop looking at the drawing. It pulls him in, rich in its color and enticing with its geometry, a mix of organized and organic. “I don’t know what your client had in mind, of course,” he says, “but I would be proud to wear something of this quality.”
They designed this together, this small emblem of Castiel’s journey. In whispers over their pillows, with Dean’s fingers tracing invisible patterns over the thin skin while Castiel whispered the story Dean already knew. His treasured companion, his family, lost to him now, but a part of him forever. He’d wanted to honor them in every way he could.
Hi guys! If you can believe it, my first time through this story, I didn't realize that they needed to go LARPing together at some point. Thankfully, that has been remedied. I hope you enjoy!
“I can just go if you want,” Dean murmurs, tension crawling back up his spine. “Better now than after I get stuck here.”
“Does it? Shoot,” Donna says as she scurries toward the window and flips the hand-painted woodblock sign. “That one’s on me. Sorry!”
“Nothin’. Just. Oh, man.” Dean presses a kiss into the hair above Cas’s ear, breathing in the scent of him, mountain air and sea salt. “I never wanna lose you again,” he mutters, laughter turning abruptly on its head and threatening tears. Jesus, don’t like the emotion, wait five seconds, he thinks, it’ll change.
Dean all but does a little fist pump of triumph. “Excellent.” His smile could light up the whole street, but it seems to be settling for Castiel’s heart, which is beating far faster than he’d like. “See you then.” He sounds so hopeful.
Dean’s nostrils flare and he scents, mouth open and eyes closed. Castiel’s toes curl against the carpet at the sight of Dean breathing him in, tasting him. He wonders what he smells like to Dean, now that he’s letting himself scent properly.
“Listen, setting aside your chauvinistic assumption that I need some big, strong man to protect me—”
Donna shrugs and spreads her hands wide. “I just made a pot for me ‘n’ Cas, and I’ve got our cups right here”—she pulls out a sleeve of white paper cups with the shop’s name and logo stamped on the side—“so you can be our first customer! On the house, though, since our register’s still in the box,” she adds with a wink.
“Is it? Shame.” Cas stubs out his joint in one of Anna’s teacups, then stands, stretches, scratches his bird’s nest of wild hair. Dean’s feet have melted to the concrete walk, he’s certain. “You’re welcome to join me, if you like.”
A tense, awkward silence. One Dean can’t let go unbroken. “Listen, man, everyone hates their job. It’s okay. S’what I’m here for.”
Castiel stares for a handful of seconds, then says, flatly, “He’s asking for a ‘dick pic’ to see if he wants to come or not. Am I supposed to be impressed?”
“So,” Layla says, leaning on the pool table and giving Dean a frankly amazing view of her ass— and then he’s watching Cas’s gaze drop very obviously down to Layla’s cleavage, and Dean is a mess of conflicting emotions. “You any good? I know Dean’s a star shooter.”
Cas looks up at him, finally, then looks around at the pans and the plates, the bacon cooling on the rack, the Corningware full of finished french toast slices steaming up the lid. Then he looks down at the protein bar in his hand. “Oh.”
Cas pulls back just far enough that Dean can see his eyes, like little moons in the half-light. Cas draws his fingertips over Dean’s lips, his neck, sliding the fabric of his shirt around over his skin as his hand moves down, down. “What do you want tonight?” The suggestion is clear in his breathy voice and wandering-low fingers.
Careful to keep his movements slow, Castiel reaches into his pocket and pulls out his phone. He has Toe Bean’s counter phone on speed dial. Donna answers, the hustle and bustle of the shop loud in the background. “Yello?”
That could be him, he thinks. If he were just a little bit braver, he could be right there with her, soaking up that sunshine and getting kissed by not-quite-strangers.
“Maybe. But there’s enough for a trade school. They don’t care about a GED. Besides, Sam can get money other ways, too. Scholarships, loans, whatever. You really think he’s gonna let you stay here high and dry?”
Dean sucks in a breath and he nods. Cas keeps ahold of Dean’s hand, giving his fingers a squeeze as he leans in and nuzzles at the round of Dean’s shoulder. Dean leans into the firm warm pressure, breathes deep the wash of woodsy herbs, and tilts his head down to mirror the gesture on Cas’s shoulder.
The sky is rosy with sunset by the time they drag themselves out of bed, scrub each other down in the shower, and haul themselves into some clothes. “Why bother?” Cas asks, buttoning his softest jeans. Dean steps close and slides his hands down the back of them.
They drive in silence for a while, just gray sky and black road and rock music wailing from the speakers. Dean switches from AC/DC to some Bob Dylan because he’s feeling nice.
“I didn’t forget,” Cas says, not meeting his eyes. He traces little circles around Dean’s nipple with a fingertip.
The tall guy—seriously, even Sam would be looking up at him—winks as he heads out of the booth, but Dean’s not here to flirt. Not with him, anyway.
, but—but Dean is gripping him too tightly, eyes unfocused, not seeing anything. His breathing is labored, too fast, and his heart is still pounding like a drum between them.
Well, for the moment, Dean scoops up the remote from where Cas was messing with it and pokes at some buttons until he stumbles across a rerun of M*A*S*H. With a heavy sigh, he flops back on the bed next to the pile of clothes, still sans T-shirt. Whatever. He’s got until Cas gets out of the shower to finish getting dressed and relocate to the chair. He can lie here for a few moments.
“Doesn’t seem to bother you.” The words slip right out between Dean’s teeth. His body flushes hot, then cold, and he can feel Cas looking at him sideways. “It’s still super weird that you and Charlie know each other,” he says in a rush, just a little too loud.
The studio apartment he’s been renting feels more like a storage unit than a home. What furniture he has is mostly buried and inaccessible, certainly not positioned for regular use. There are boxes of books in his kitchen cupboards; his clothing cycles perpetually between a pair of duffel bags; he’s only seen one set of dishes in weeks. There’s no room for the bed he bought, so the frame is still all wrapped up in Saran Wrap and the mattress is sagging against a wall while he camps on the too-short sofa.
They stop at a few picturesque viewpoints, places where the high cliffs open up on broad valleys and views of jagged peaks that rip at the sky, places where they can snap selfies to send to Benny or Charlie or Meg. As they drive, Dean finds himself taking specific turns that aren’t necessarily the most efficient route. They are taking the scenic route, after all. But after the third such turn he realizes where he’s taking them.
The sound of the door opening stops his fingers. Dean cranes his neck over the back of the couch to see Cas closing the door behind him. “Hey.”
“It pays to be thorough,” Cas says, and Jesus Christ, his voice has dropped down a fucking mine shaft.
Sam sidles up to where Dean is busy at the autoclave, bitchface number three firmly etched into his brow. Dean puts on his best innocent expression to counter it. “What’s up, Sammy?”
“We don’t keep food over on this wall,” Donna explains. “That’s part of our licensing stuff, keeping the cats and the food separate. But here.” She peeks through a narrow window in the door, then pushes it open. “Here’s where the magic happens.”
From the shower at the other end of the room, the rush and splash of water against tile echoes Dean’s own. He can hear it sluicing off Cas’s body in slapping waves. As Dean wets and soaps a washcloth and starts to scrub, he lets himself sink down, heart rate slowing, muscles melting. The rush of water soothes him, mind and body; he closes his eyes and lets his attention narrow down to the rhythmic pitter-pat of the spray.
Before Dean can touch, they shake off their stillness, feathers fanning out. Dean snatches his hand back as the wings throw off a thin coating of ash and a glittering shower.
Castiel’s heart swells against the cage of his ribs. It hurts. It’s so damn bittersweet, to watch them like this. It reminds him of the first time he met Suzie, and that pain is still too raw.
“It was my fault, and it was her decision. But. After she left, I spiraled. The next few years are… blurry.”
They take their burritos out back to a small smoking-and-lunch area. It’s just a plastic table with one scrubby hedge standing between them and the parking lot and busy street beyond, but there’s a patch of grass and a tree for shade. It could be worse. “That was Alistair, I presume?” Cas asks as he dribbles salsa on his burrito.
Mmhmm. Call Cas on the phone, maybe keep playing with yourself while you talk to him. While you ask him to bring the lube to your room.
Once Castiel had found his path to orgasm and the chafing soreness had faded, he’d raced to the finish line as quick as he could find his way across it. But he has been wandering deeper and deeper into the
Doesn’t want to admit how long he dithers over that response. Once he hits send, he stares at his phone in his hand for a long time, waiting on a response.
“You sweet on this guy, ain’t you?” Benny is grinning like the cat that caught the canary, and the menu is forgotten.
“At least you have foot traffic,” Cas grumbles, as one of the passersby starts to edge close with a distinct ‘oh look at the kitty!’ smile on her face, only to be scared off by Mango’s hiss and fierce growl. “Maybe I should just take him home.”
“It’s none of your concern.” Cas’s eyes are still down, but not really staring at the carpet anymore. Just sort of into the mid-distance. He doesn’t even seem to be breathing much.
“Charlie told me. I asked her if you were coming.” Which doesn’t have to mean anything. Cas rolls the edge of the paper wrapping between his fingers. It doesn’t.
“I’m telling you, Bumblebee peed on John Turturro! How do you not remember that happening?” the girl is saying.
Castiel yanks open the door to the back seat, grateful for the excuse to put some kind of barrier between himself and the nasal-voiced man. He’ll have to bend down to reach his belongings, though, and he doesn’t really want to do that. “If you’ll excuse me,” he says. “We have a lot of work to do.”
Dean’s blushing again, shrugging and uncertain in his hands. “I, I dunno. You don’t gotta rush out.”
Dean shifts his weight from foot to foot, the only sound in the room the soft echo of music from the living room. Finally, he asks, “Should we try and fish him out? So you can look him over?”
He leaves the room before Cas can even consider whether or not to follow, so he finishes his breakfast in slow nibbles in deference to his tender stomach, then throws his own paper at the trash can. He misses.
“And LSD, but never at the same time. There was some MDMA on offer this time, but—” he shakes his head. “Not in the mood. Earlier in the week, there was some opium and ketamine, but I try to end my retreats with hallucinogens.”
Cas pushes deeper. Leans harder. Strokes his finger in a come-hither gesture. “Yes,” he sighs. “That’s it, my good boy. Let it feel good.”
Dean’s belly heats like a boiling cauldron. “Not as easy as you think,” he says without much conviction.
Cas’s eyeroll is almost audible. “Just get up here,” he growls down at Dean, then disappears into the upstairs apartment. Dean takes the stairs two at a time, rattling the metal rail.
“Change of plan. We’re hunting.” He’s got a bug-out bag in the trunk with enough clothes to last them both a few days, plus his usual arsenal, and anything else they need they can get on the way. He’s sick of staring at the bunker walls.
They sip and savor, humming over much-needed food, nearly catching each other in shy smiles. The coffee is perfect, and Castiel’s eggs are gone before he even remembers that he skipped dinner the previous day.
Why is he even letting himself get so worked up, anyway? Cas had clearly had beef with that guy, but he’s a grown man. He can take care of himself.
Dean picks at a hangnail, then bends so that he can cross Cas’s line of sight with his own. “You think you can let me decide that for myself?”
Y’know?” Cas freezes with his feet halfway to the floor, but Dean sucks in a big breath and continues. “It’s just that — you could’ve probably gone home with anybody you wanted. I don’t get why you’d —” he trails off with loose gestures at his room, at himself, then lets them drop with a heavy sigh.
“We hold our top performers to a high standard of behavior, Mr. Smith. If you cannot meet those standards, then I’m afraid your utility to this company is limited.”
“Maybe so,” Cas says. “But think of the people who have to clean out the ashes. Maybe they wanted to use this ash in their garden, and they have to dig through it to remove your chunks of melted metal.”
He stands there waiting for a response for probably longer than he should. Of course, it comes in almost the same instant he puts the phone down.
He jabs his thumb over his shoulder at the window, and Castiel tries to get a grip on himself. “Should probably fix your sign, then. Says open,” he says.
Heart pounding on his tongue and in the hard flesh between his legs, Dean sits up on the bed and swipes to answer. “Hey—”
, this patently feline look of patrician disdain that dares Dean to even try moving either of them. And then starts purring. He purrs so hard, Dean can hear it clearly from across the room.
His palms are slippery on the steel bar, but Dean’s spotting him, positioned at the head of the weight bench with his hands hovering where they can catch the weights if Cas starts to falter. As if the bench press wasn’t enough to think about, he’s got a snake’s-eye view up Dean’s flat belly and chest in a stretchy-tight T-shirt to distract him, not to mention the bulge of his groin directly at eye level.
A stupid slip, an overzealous reach, and Dean finds himself pinned against the bulkhead, six inches off the floor, by the inhuman strength of this—this monster whose eyes glow like cold stars and who stinks like burning cedar. He tries one more blow with his knife, but the phoenix grabs his wrist and pins that to the wall, too, twisting so that the knife falls to the floor with a clang.
Dean coughs with laughter — definitely not the bong rip he just inhaled. “Seriously?” he wheezes through aching lungs.
By afternoon, the sidewalk outside is bustling, people hurrying by in the watery late-winter sunshine, and Dean wonders if it’s not a bad location for a coffee shop. Or whatever the thing next to them plans to be. Cupcake boutique, maybe? Whatever. It’s not like he’s been paying attention.
The Salt and Burn boys are having a tearful conversation on the hood of the Mustang when Dean opens his eyes and turns to look at Cas. They’re so green, so wide, so shining. He has just a hint of red in the whites from the weed, and his irises look as green as spring leaves instead of their usual jade-hazel.
, from the way he’s panting against Dean’s chest, tight and squirming. Dean plays a little longer than he might otherwise, stroking the tender skin at the base of the feathers until it’s dripping down his palms and making its way toward his elbows.
“Anyway. If you wanna go upstairs and, and be by yourself, me ‘n’ Dean can handle it down here,” Sam finishes, and Castiel wishes he hadn’t.
Dean considers, but it’s a little late for caffeine. He’s about to decline, say he just stopped in for a chat, when something in the pastry case catches his eye.
“Just don’t get too gross up there,” Krissy calls from where she lounges on the carpet. “I don’t wanna know what y’all get up to on that couch when we’re not here.”
Dean’s right. Beds are amazing. What unique joy humans can derive out of the simplest of things. He spends a lot of time thinking about that after he wakes up, several hours later and feeling much more refreshed. He thinks about how knowledgeable Dean is about so many human things, all the sensory pleasures of life.
Cas smiles at him then, full but shy. “Okay. I’d like it if you did.” Then he steps close, takes Dean’s hand, and is about to raise it to his cheek before pausing. “May I mark your shoulder?” he asks.
There’s a commotion in the apartment. Cas pushes the door open to hear cursing and clattering and the patter of zooming cat feet.
He tries to tell that to his fingers, but they keep drumming on the wheel of his Prius. He tries to tell it to the dryness of his throat, but his bottle of water is long since dead and he’s still parched.
“I’ve known you a long time,” Charlie starts again with more emphasis. “And through everything, I have never seen you as over the moon as you’ve been these last few weeks. Like, ever. Not when we graduated, not when we were opening the shop—not even that time when you thought you saw Bon Jovi in a Wal-mart.”
“For you.” Cas pushes closer and stabs a hard finger into Dean's chest. “Let's not mince words. I did it for you.”
Cas breathes hot and humid against the tender skin, and Dean shivers, leaning his head against Cas’s shoulder to give him all the room he needs. When he fits his teeth into the marks he made before, Dean jumps at the sudden spark of pain. Cas pauses, then pulls back to soothe with his lips and tongue.
They stand there awkwardly for a few seconds, and if he lets it go on much longer, Sam’s going to go in for a hug, so Dean shoves past him into the kitchen. “See you tomorrow, bitch,” he grumbles on the way through.
Cas shifts his bare feet a little closer to the fire to warm his toes. Dean’s not sure why or when he’d lost his footwear, but he’d apparently forgotten some ‘cardinal rule’ of cosplay and put his corset back on before his boots. Charlie had mocked him mercilessly for that one, and the upshot was Dean’s been staring at his bare feet for an entire afternoon, getting dustier and dustier as the day progressed. Something about watching Cas run around barefoot on the badly beaten grass, summer-dry even with the recent rain, has Dean feeling… fond. That’s the best word for it. Fond.
Cas presses his lips into a thin line and pinches the corner hem of his flannel between thumb and forefinger.
That startles Castiel into a snort, and he covers his grin with one hand. Can’t help but watch the little smile that flickers over Dean’s lips, though. They’re very pretty lips. Too pretty by half.
Cas checks his watch — an actual watch, on his wrist and everything. “I have to catch a bus at 7:15,” he says, and then, “What about you?”
When he looks back at Cas, he sees him holding out a fresh, full mug. It’s got a smiling cartoon bee on it, surrounded by the words “
Dean bites his lip and hangs his head, curling down again and hiding under Castiel’s chin. He sighs, a gust over Castiel’s sweaty chest. “I told you I was a shitty alpha,” he mumbles to Castiel’s collarbone.
Shaking the nerves out of his fingers, Dean picks up the jar and stands over the flame. Rubs his thumb over the raised logo on the glass, smearing his own fingerprints.
“‘Come enjoy your coffee and a pastry in the company of our feline friends!’” That sounds like advertising copy, and when Dean glances back at her, he finds her reading off a bright-orange flyer.
He grabs the lube and is about to turn back to his anxious lover when a flash of color catches his eye. He looks again, then grins, struck with an idea. He grabs the toy and sets it within easy reach of his place on the bed.
“Yeah, I know—But. But my mom and dad, they had each other’s names. Real simple-like, y’know? John, Mary. Can’t get more traditional than that. Everyone I met growing up, they all had somebody’s name, whether they’d found ‘em or not. And then mine shows up and, well.” He traces the swoops and swirls, lines he could find half-blind in the dark. “I tried to laugh it off. ‘Who needs a soulmate? I’m not lookin’ for Mrs. Right, I’m lookin’ for Mrs. Right Now,’ you know?”
With a satisfied hum, Cas nudges under his chin and bites again, not so hard or so deep, but enough to leave a small, stinging mark. It’s the first of many, a rosy ring of nips all around his throat down to his collarbone. The sensation of breath and lips and teeth has Dean restless in his skin, squirming under Cas’s thighs, bucking up to seek friction and pressure for the ache of his cock.
Gritting his teeth and gripping his blade, Dean launches away from that welcoming aura, into the slavering jaws of his foes. Castiel moves with him, covering his blind spots and his open side where his arm is still bleeding. Dean can’t shake the awareness of him, the glimpses of him in the corner of his eye brighter than they should be. He and Castiel move around each other, with each other, as easily as if they’d been fighting together for years. It’s a wild rush, and he finds himself swallowing laughter even as they beat back the sulfurous hounds.
He doesn’t make it more than a dozen steps before he realizes how futile it is to try to flee. There are fireflies in all directions and no way to tell a will-o’-the-wisp from a hellhound’s eye. Only one option, then. He draws his blade and waits for their breath to graze his skin again.
“Fuck,” Dean groans as Castiel pushes him down onto the plush cushions. One of his hands wraps around the knot of Cas's tie, pulling him down for another deep, open-mouthed kiss. As their tongues wind around each other, Cas parts his thighs over Dean's knees, sliding down into his lap. “Fucking hell shit, Cas,” Dean groans, massaging up from Cas's knees to his hips, gripping his belt.
After a long moment, Cas starts to unwind the ball of red fabric. “Guess I'll be needing a new hoodie,” he says. His tone is flat, deliberately emotionless.
“All yours,” Cas whispers, and Dean feels a lurch inside him like he might cry. Instead he snaps his hips back and drives his cock deep.
And now Cas is fucking somebody else, probably just to take the edge off after Dean’s abysmal disappointment.
There’s a flush of heat, and Dean has to remind himself that expressing curiosity is not the same as asking to see them. “If you ever meet a tattoo artist without tattoos, don’t trust ‘em.”
Dean’s not moping. He’s really not. People who are moping don’t shower; Dean does. People who are moping don’t clean their entire kitchens; Dean does. Dean foregoes breakfast in favor of black coffee and scrubbing his bathroom tile until it sparkles, even the grout. When he’s done, he can pretend that’s why he’s sore and that the cleaning fumes are why he’s lightheaded.
Dean doesn’t respond at first, the moment stretching into a long, staticky silence. “Do you actually want me to?” he asks.
. As Dean watches, unable to breathe, the wings curl in on themselves, swallowing their own blaze and shedding white ash like rolls of spent paper. They enclose the blinding heart of the inferno into a shape like an egg, and the conflagration fades from blue to pink and finally back to golden-red. Soon it’s sighed back down to just an ordinary campfire, crackling merrily as if nothing had changed.
It’s rare that Dean gets a guy in his classes. Not unheard of, but rare, and usually when they do come in, they’re long-haired, man-bun types with too much granola up their sleeves—and universally omega. They mostly just try to get chummy. He has been hit on here and there, but that usually comes from alpha cougars trying to get him in plough position.
“Yeah. Yes. Um.” Dean swallows, gripping the baking dish like a lifeline while Anna herds him out of the kitchen. “See you around, Cas-Cas-teal—”
There’s a little bit of a blush reddening the tips of Dean’s ears. “Y’know. If we’re supposed to be a couple. Should I, I dunno, hold your hand? Stand real close?”
It’s not the first time he’s said it. But it’s different in the bathroom mirror, or drunk on the roof of his freshman dorm with his newly minted lesbian best friend. It was different in college—easier when everything in life was transient, when it barely mattered who he met or what he did because one semester later, it would all be different.
And if Dean can scent him, then Castiel can definitely scent Dean. Or try to. Old nauseous anxiety swirls in Dean’s gut when he sees Castiel’s nostrils flare, trying to catch a scent that Dean knows he won’t find. Arms crossed and fists clenched, Dean waits.
!” he moans, as pleasure scours through him, a breaking wave as he sinks deep inside his mate. Over and over it tumbles through him, until finally the riptides ebb, leaving him feeling washed out, clean. He pants over Cas, still trembling, then pulls out, quicker than he might otherwise. Cas gasps in protest and clutches at him, but Dean doesn’t go far. He reaches for the inflatable toy and wags it where Cas can see; Cas’s eyes zero in on it, licking his lips, comprehension clearing his face, and his hips give an involuntary jerk. “Yeah?” Dean asks, still panting.
So he’s the first one to notice when a small, whiskery, gray-and-white face pokes out of one of the lowest openings.
Dean rolls himself out from under the car into the bright light of the garage. “What did you tell him?” he asks.
“Sometimes I take a left turn after work and end up just driving for a while,” Dean says. “Get myself a little lost, you know? I get this urge to just—just get on the highway and keep going.” It lets him pretend for a few minutes that he can leave it all behind, pick up his tenuous roots and start again somewhere new. Somewhere different. Be somebody different. “It’d be nice to start over, you know?”
So he accepts his snippet of conversation and goes inside alone, finds something to pass for dinner, works out, and goes to bed to start the cycle all over again. He gets another voicemail from Charlie, this one even shorter than the last, and that's the bright spot in his week other than his brief conversations on the porch. Increasingly, Castiel occupies all the empty spaces of Dean’s thoughts.
“Come the fuck on, Winchester, this isn’t the fucking Queen of England.” It’s that ludicrous mental image that lets him break away from his reflection. He tries to drop his shoulders and work the kinks out of his neck, focuses on his breathing, and joins his client in the other room.
There it is, in the softness just under Cas’s earlobe. He opens his nose and drinks in deep of Cas’s scent, the warm lush wood, and then he licks his lips — his tongue touches the skin of Cas’s neck on accident, and it’s almost too much to handle — and then he nuzzles, pushes, and rubs his cheek and jaw into Cas’s scentspot.
Cas almost laughs. “I like them,” he says, grinning into Dean’s hair. “But I would hardly call them chubby spots.”
They lay like that for a long time, Cas’s warm weight in Dean’s arms. The refrigerator cycles on and off, a loud buzz in the quiet. A dog barks in the yard behind them. Dean gets a crick in his shoulder; when he shifts into a better position, Cas almost sits up entirely, but Dean just tightens his arm and brings him back down.
Lust is safer. Wanting the guy, that’s simple. This, whatever it is, should send him running for the hills.
She gives him a smile and a friendly pat on the arm. “Get some rest. You got a full docket tomorrow?”
Missouri's two apprentices move through the gathered omegas. Pamela reaches Dean first with a bowl of thick paint, which she dots and stripes over Dean's face. He bares his chest to her ministrations as well and winks when she places a firm painted handprint right on his sternum. She smirks back, then makes way for Rowena with her clay pot of herbal dust. Dean has to stoop low, and she reaches high to sprinkle the dust on his tongue. It's bitter, astringent, and sucks all the moisture from his mouth; he swallows it down.
Castiel comes more or less straight from work on Monday after a quick run and a shower at the gym. Normally, Monday is chest and arms day, but—well, missing one wouldn’t kill him, would it? So he pulls up in darkening twilight and a bit of rain, still feeling shower-damp and freshly adorned with scent from the little on-the-go spritzer he keeps in his pocket. He’s not running late, but his adrenaline levels are convinced otherwise.
“No. I mean yes. You should.” Cas gives him a groan at a firm push, and Dean pays special attention to that spot that made him melt like lemonade ice in the sun. Then he reaches across and gently lifts Castiel’s right wrist—he’s definitely relaxed now; the limb feels floppy, unresisting—and smiles as he braces Cas’s arm on his own lower back, opening up the scapula.
The room quiets a little. Charlie tucks a strand of hair behind her ear and looks straight at Dean, her smile turning soft and sentimental.
So what if he’s been dreaming of fire and blue eyes for the last six months? So what if his old, old habit of tracing the lines on his wrist has felt more like longing than loathing lately? And so what if he’s been reading up on interspecies soulmate bonds, and found that they aren’t unheard of, just have a much lower chance of actually connecting, for obvious reasons. Not to mention diving into everything he can find on phoenixes—not just how to trap and kill them, but their culture, their history, the different clans and factions. Their
Eventually, the shivers die down, and his softening cock slips wetly out of Dean’s ass. Dean is still knotted, but that’s fine. On boneless limbs, Castiel pushes himself up, turns himself in slow, careful movements that involve a lot of heavy breathing on both their parts, and nearly kicks Dean in the head while getting his legs in the right place. But eventually, he manages to straddle Dean’s hips in a normal fashion, flopping down over his chest and nuzzling under his chin.
Like an idiot, he stands in the middle of the bedroom for a few long moments, staring at the screen and waiting for an answer.
Cas catches the bag and delicately unwraps a large coin. Dean watches him place it in his mouth and savor it as if it were the finest delicacy rather than a skinny disk of mediocre milk chocolate.
And so begins the most drudging, painful, and painfully boring week of Dean’s life. Is this what a breakup feels like? He thinks it might be, even though that’s stupid. He and Cas hadn’t been together.
It doesn’t have far to go, just slips down to the pillow, but Cas’s voice goes tinny and distant until Dean can get it back up to his ear.
Confusion settling on his brow, Dean returns to the bedroom and pulls his phone from his trouser pocket. No texts or anything to indicate that Cas had gone somewhere and was coming back. His finger hovers over the “call” button before selecting the text box instead.
At any rate, he finds himself averting his gaze from Cas’s hollowing cheeks as he sucks smoke into his lungs, then again from the lush curl of smoke billowing out between parted lips.
Castiel nods to where Sam and Dean are hefting the first round of boxes from the truck to the dolly.
Dean looks up sharply, then follows Cas’s eye line over to the acoustic guitar resting on its stand next to the TV. He swallows.
Dean sucks in a breath, and almost runs into the fender in his haste to get around to the other side of the car. “So,” he says. “Two wendigos, eh?”
Cas nods, but instead of letting Dean go, he starts a slow roll of his hips. Dean’s thighs seize together when he feels Cas’s cock line up next to his through their trousers, a sweet friction drag and pressure right where he needs it, exquisite torment. From his pinned position there is very little he can do but hold on tight and bite down on his begging.
Cas lunges. A quick, heated scuffle, a test of muscular strength as their boffers lock close to the hilt. They grimace, straining against each other eye-to-eye and toe-to-toe, and then, all at once, Dean’s sword slips from his grip. Cas barrels bodily into him at the sudden loss of resistance; Dean goes down on his ass and then flat on his back. Cas lands squarely on top of him, legs tangled.
of the lock. His final promises that Castiel would live to regret this are muffled and indistinct through the glass. Cas pays them no mind.
A question sits on Dean’s tongue for far longer than he wants, salty and heavy, persisting through several swallows. “So… do you? Want me there?”
The guy raises his eyebrows, oozing smugness. “My nephew has come to his senses and is in the process of handing over management of this establishment to me.”
Those moments wrestling in the water get a lot of playback. Just remembering the prickly-hot sensation of their limbs sliding together under the waves is enough to set him off, his brain magnifying and elaborating on a few innocent moments to fuel fantasy after fantasy. When combined with the vague memory of the sound of his sex grunts through the wall, Dean hasn’t had this much fun jerking off since he was sixteen and first discovered that porn could have two dudes in it.
At the bottom of a shallow gulch, Dean feels solid heat slam into him from behind. Cas pins him face-first into the rough bark of the nearest tree, breath fogging on Dean’s skin at the back of his neck. The thrill of being pinned shoots through him, but those sparks are nothing compared to the wildfire when Cas growls in his ear,
Dean clicks the phone off and swallows hard. Tries to control his breathing, his heart beating hard and fast under his sternum. Swallows again.
Cas’s hands fly to his own forehead. “I. Um.” He looks—embarrassed? “It’s possible I haven’t eaten enough today.”
They share tiny smiles, and then Dean’s got his guitar back on his knee. He’s not really looking to play anything, just strumming around in scales, but his hands fall naturally into the rhythm of Summer of ‘69. It’s one of the first songs he ever learned to play, and it’s still a kind of home base for him. He can tool around with these four chords for hours; it’s almost a meditation. Benny used to give him shit for it.
“Like… Sweet bread? Not cake or pastry or anything. Like… whole grain oat bread, or something. With butter. And some kind of herb. Rosemary, maybe?”
Dean leans on the counter and crosses his arms. Castiel tries not to notice the way his biceps strain the fabric of his red-and-black plaid flannel. “Any ideas?” Dean asks.
Castiel doesn’t sit. In spite of his earlier fatigue, his pulse is thrumming in his veins, a keening in his ear. He’s right on the verge of something, he can tell—
Dean barely stirs as Castiel extracts himself from the soft sheets that smell like both of them. It’s chilly outside the nest, away from Dean’s skin, but Castiel cannot stay. He slips into the silk robe—
As Wednesday oozes into Thursday evening, Dean’s anger grows stale, leaving an aftertaste of worry. He tries to spit it out, but it’s stubborn.
“Whoa—shit, sorry,” Dean rushes to say, but Castiel just nods brusquely and hurries past, avoiding eye contact. Dean watches him go, not bothering to pretend he’s not admiring the guy’s broad shoulders and muscular arms as he hoists two—
“I suppose you can take the tiger out of the jungle, but you can’t take the jungle out of the tiger. Now, Castiel. Let’s sit,” he says with the audacity to offer Castiel one of his own chairs in his own shop. “Let’s talk.”
Dean once said he was no role model. Castiel had begged to differ. This is just one more example where Castiel could learn a lot from Dean Winchester.
but if it will get Dean’s arms around him, if he can find some of that scent under the blocking shield, maybe it will be worth it.
But this is work, and he has to hide any inconvenient fantasizing behind his desk because these trousers don’t hide a damn thing.
It vaguely registers to Dean that he’s supposed to be graduating high school, but it all feels so very far away. Like another life, belonging to a different person.
Cas’s urgency fades as they towel off, and Dean follows the empty growling of his stomach out to the kitchen. Cas trails along behind, lucid for now but keeping just a little too close to Dean’s side. Not that he minds. With Cas this close and his scent throwing out like an umbrella, it’s like living in a warm, summery cloud of dark citrus, cedarwood, sunshine, and herbs, and Dean doesn’t ever want to leave it.
It might be minutes or hours later when Dean’s voice wakes him up again, saying, “Hey. You wanna get up for a second? No no—leave your jeans on. Okay—stay where you are, I guess. I just—here. I found some things. You might want ‘em.”
“Pff,” Dean scoffs, then tosses the little mesh bag over to Cas. “Here. They're your spoils anyway.”
Dean ducks around the kitchen doorway to give him an appraising look, squinty chips of bright jade green. Cas just fiddles with the blanket, folding it inexpertly.
Dean glares at him. “Screw you,” he says. Cas cackles silently, but thankfully keeps further commentary to himself.
“Shouldn’t bother you again. At least, not if you and your girlfriend stop shoving lime peels down there. It might be called a garbage disposal, but—what’s so funny?”
He's spared from having to answer that by the sudden tap of padded feet on glass and a plaintive "mrowl?"
Castiel seizes those lips before they make even more of a nuisance of themselves. Dean chuckle-hums and kisses back, playful and teasing.
Being alpha would have been correct. That’s what Castiel has heard all his life since he failed to present. His advancing puberty had been marked by worried glances, concerned whispers. Hell, even being omega would have been acceptable, even if it hadn’t been his parents’ ideal, but being beta? He still hears his father’s voice:
Most guys going for a costume like this would have just grabbed something cheap in a plastic bag and called themselves Wonder Woman, but this — Dean can't stop staring. And not just because the leather bodice rides low over Cas's muscular chest, and the short-short leather skirt is doing really,
When he gets there though, Cas has followed and is leaning on the breakfast bar, looking at him over the sink, brow furrowed. Under the cooked beef smell, Dean is starting to detect citrus and sage again, and he’s really not sure what to make of that. So he just focuses on washing the pan while Cas watches, slowly chewing the last bite of his burger.
Well, he is an alpha. Dean can smell that much, even through his own mask of incense and essential oils. His scent is sharp, almost astringent, but grounded in tobacco, honey, and evergreen sap. It’s not bad, but it’s a little… disappointingly generic for an alpha who is otherwise so un-alpha. Poor guy’s a stammering mess half the time, and Dean would be lying if he didn’t get a kick out of ruffling his feathers. A wink here, a little touch there, and the guy sweats bullets. It’s great.
—ringing in his ears, Dean gets down on his hands and knees. He tries desperately not to think too hard about anything as they arrange him on his palms with his ankles suspended in Cas’s sturdy hands, legs spread apart just enough to get his blood racing in the wrong direction.
He takes his other hand off his dick and reaches up to grab his own headboard, but doesn’t think to pause the video.
“Whatever it is you’re thinking,” Dean says, “stop. I’m glad you got out of there. And you’ll be kicking ass and taking names at counseling and mediation before you know it.”
Son of a bitch. “Uh. Y-yeah.” He’d skipped right over boobs or pussy or any possible hint of heterosexuality and gone right for the butt stuff, what the fuck does this guy think he knows—
“That’s someone very special you have there, Claire. Someone who loves you very much.” Claire’s face crumples, just for a second, and this time she doesn’t scrub away the tears. “If you can’t do it for yourself, can you do it for her?”
Dean strides past him, determined not to acknowledge another word he says. No matter that his heart is pounding in his ears. No matter that he can feel a fine tremor in his hands from outrage. How dare this guy talk to him like that? How dare —
“Dean — next time, I —” Cas pants, rough and dark in his ear, leaning his sweat-damp chest over Dean’s back and bruising his hips with his fingertips. “Next time, in a real bed, we'll — but now, I —” Dean can feel his cock hot against the back of his thigh, already thrusting, seeking, and need lances through him, almost a pain.
“What? No, come on. But —” Dean scratches at the back of his head. “Well, I do this monthly karaoke thing with my friends. We could have met there...” Dean trails off, and Castiel wonders if he’s embarrassed.
” Dean’s whole body tenses and his knees jerk against his will as he comes all over the shower wall, shivering and intense and entirely untouched.
After a few minutes of hovering while they start organizing things onto dollies and hand trucks, Castiel asks, “How can I help?”
Never once had his conviction faltered. He’d had his orders, and he’d executed his missions flawlessly to achieve Heaven’s desired ends. He’d always been so certain of his plans, and so much more, cosmically speaking, had ridden on those decisions.
“So, take a step back. Asking for help is not weakness, alright? But not from your money-grubbing uncle, from
Cas calms slowly this time, drifting back into himself as his muscles relax, one by one. Eventually he rolls them to one side, and the shift of the knot inside Dean makes him jump, but Cas just snuggles them together, hips to ass, knee to thigh, chin to shoulder.
Dean laughs again. “Nah, that’s pretty much the nail on the head, there,” he says. And he should leave it there, he knows that. This is starting to edge on the kind of personal that he needs to avoid with Cas, but before he can stop it, he’s gone and opened his big mouth again. “There’s other ways to relax besides yoga, you know.”
It’s only after he’s drained one glass and is reaching to fill another that he hears a distinctive grinding thump. And again. And then several times in quick succession.
Dean’s on his back in bed, and he doesn’t even need porn right now. He’d been sparring with Cas today, and he’d had to call it quits or else he was gonna end up rubbing off against his thigh or something equally idiotic. The guy’s all hard-bodied muscle and determination, never letting up for a second, and Dean would be a liar if he said it didn’t rev his engine.
Dean just nods and holds out a lightly battered lilac-colored mat rolled tightly into a tube. “Don’t bother buying one till you know whether or not you wanna stick with it. Shit’s stupid expensive. You can always borrow one in the meantime.”
Cas looks rough, smells like sour orange candy, and has bags under his eyes. Nevertheless he greets Dean with a tired smile. “Better.”
And he’s watching Dean. Eyes like blue ice trained on him while Dean tries to amble casually up his own walk and almost trips on a crack that’s been there since he moved in. When he looks up from where he’s stepping, Cas is grinning at him, wide and gummy and blissed out, before blowing out a lungful of smoke. “Hey there,” he says, voice too rough for sultry but shivering on Dean’s spine nonetheless. “Welcome home.”
“Hey, me ‘n’ Sam have never had superpowers," Dean points out as he hauls himself to his feet and follows. "And look at what we get ourselves into.”
“Attracted to both. Alpha and omega and everything in between. So I guess I should say I’m pan secondary, since I would hardly exclude betas.”
Castiel gives himself a self-deprecating headshake, then closes his eyes and moves a deep breath in and out of his lungs. When he opens them again, they catch some of the pale streetlights outside, and against the warm backdrop of the cafe, they almost glow ultramarine. “Thank you for coming,” he says, sincere when it should sound boiler-plate by now. “It’s good to see you.”
“Wait, did one of the cats have kittens? Which one? Was it Meringue? I thought they were all fixed!”
Dean can’t keep the grin off his face as he hugs Cas a little closer. “Yeah y’are,” he says with a kiss to Cas’s tousled hair.
“You’re looking a little red around the tips,” Adler says with a circling motion at the side of his own head.
And oh, god, what a kiss. Dean’s body arches up into his like he’s the one in heat, not Cas. Every press of skin, even through clothing, is like a thundering rush of water in the desert, and Castiel blooms to feel it. Dean’s mouth is open to him, open wide, and Cas takes full advantage, tasting every secret, every part of Dean. Their hands grip and tug, fumbling under shirts, hunting for bare skin. When Dean’s fingernails scrape at the tender skin of Cas’s lower back, he breaks the kiss to gasp against his lips.
to make, whatever that means, and Dean feels like he’s about to go flying off a cliff. But still, they slow.
Whatever Dean might have said is lost when he feels something solid and warm brush against his leg. It’s LaRue, short haired and orange with stunning green eyes. “Hi, buddy,” he says. LaRue trills a meow back at him, and Dean plucks one of the crunchy kibble treats out of the buffet—tuna flavored, apparently—and tosses it for him to chase.
Dean goes an interesting shade of pale, and then blotchy red in his cheeks. “How—how the hell do you know that?”
She squints at him, worry turning into suspicion. “What did you do?” she says, flat like it isn’t a question at all.
For all that Dean knows he’s dating an alpha, he’s sort of been avoiding thinking about what that really means. It’s easy enough to forget; Cas doesn’t always fit the stereotypes. He’s certainly not the kind of alpha Dean’s father would have approved of. But looking at him now, there is no mistaking exactly what he is. He’s more than half hard, his thick prick rising from the thatch of curls and a dark-pinkish swelling just starting to show at the base of his shaft. As Dean watches, Cas strokes himself with one hand, cupping his own barely-there knot and gliding feather-light up his length.
Dean's hands rub up and down over Castiel's shoulders, just once, but it's soothing all the same. “This wasn't all that long ago, was it?”
Sam’s bitchface morphs into a confused wrinkle. “If that had been me, you’d have thrown a shoe at my head,” he says, then starts toward the door.
But instead of warm hands spreading cool, oily, banana-scented lotion all over him, he gets a shock of cold spray. “Ack, what the hell?”
It’s simple. It’s nothing. It’s everything. Cas grins through a blush as he takes a step back. “I hope that was okay,” he says. “I probably should have asked.”
Not that Dean had a plan or anything. Nope. No, when he'd invited Cas to stay in the bunker with them, he'd been motivated entirely by friendly camaraderie and a desire to lend a helping hand to a friend in need.
“Oh, shoot. Yeah, he probably won’t be reachable until afternoon, at least.” Donna sighs. “How did TimTam look? Was he hurt bad?”
Dean’s body feels heavy after being buoyant for so long, but his heart hasn’t felt so light in… years, probably. He flops down on his pink-flowered towel and doesn’t even try to wipe the grin off his face.
“I was thinking,” Dean starts, then has to clear his throat. His tongue feels too large in his mouth. “We should take you shopping for some new stuff. Like, actually new stuff, stuff of your own. If you'll let me.”
On his screen, a buffet of masculine skin spreads out, unabashed and obscene. Quick video clips play as he scans his mouse over them: close-ups of dicks getting swallowed, dicks going into asses, tongues savoring neatly groomed assholes, broad chests and beefy arms, dudes embracing and staring into each other’s eyes.
and his assembled guests are starting to pull themselves out of the couch or off the floor and gather up their belongings.
The cat responds with a louder purr and an indulgent headbutt to Dean’s nose. Thank god for allergy pills.
“Almost done with the linework,” he says. “The color might be easier for you.” Or it might be harder, different people have different opinions, but why put that idea in her head? Suggestion is a powerful force.
The only good thing about this debacle is Dean's number now burning a hole in his phone. And even that is a mixed blessing, given how seeing the capital “D” when he opens his text messages makes his stomach do a somersault. He didn't really need another source of adrenaline.
“Yeah, sure, no problem,” Dean takes the mat and slots it in with the others. “Your Down-Dog is looking a lot better.” Oh boy. Phrasing, Winchester.
Dean and Cas are left standing in the doorway, staring at her bouncing waves as she ambles down the driveway and back to her own house. Slowly, Cas closes the door.
“I don’t—” Cas is cut off by a cell phone ring straight out of 1998. “Hold on.” Dean hears his sandals crunch on the roadside gravel as he steps away to answer.
