“You said it before, they want him scared. They want him unstable and acting oddly. When whatever is being planned happens and Bryant goes down for it, they want everyone around him to remember how edgy and off balance he’s been and think how obvious it was that he was up to something.”
Unfortunately it was too late now to check it out, a freezing and starless November night, with a light mist of rain. He made for the nearest pub and choked down some spicy fish stew and a very dark beer that would have been quite agreeable had he been in the mood for enjoying a leisurely meal and local brews. He picked a hostel that didn’t look too shifty, almost at random, and crashed with his gun under his pillow and one arm around his bag.
Victor doesn’t argue the point. “Assuming all that is true, how exactly do you plan to get the information out of her? She’s not doing this alone, I’m sure. Nor is she stupid.”
John finds himself blushing. Praise from Sherlock is rare, and never this blatant. And he is standing too close, dangerously close. “Well, I was pretty impressive,” he admits, faking bravado.
“Alright, I won’t.” Sherlock stands and hustles him to the door. “I took your case. The wife you love so much killed her mother and tried to blame it on you. Now you’re free to go stuff your drongo, or whatever unholy idiom you ridiculous people use, to your heart’s content.” He slams the door in the face of the useless Aussie and throws himself back into his chair, hard enough to make the metal whine in protest.
“Seriously?” he asked as another giggle escaped him and Sherlock turned to look at him with a smile.
“Sorry, I’ll shut up,” John replied, looking away in embarrassment, but that wasn’t what Sherlock meant to happen at all.
“I want you. I want you in me,” he said, his throat thick with the emotion that had risen in him at John’s endearment.
His friend’s eyes were intense on his, searching, and John was sure that Sherlock knew what his wish was.
“Sherlock?” he asked again, and he pulled back the curtain a bit to peek out at his friend. “You ok?”
Flesh and bones. Living flesh and bones. John could see him breathing. He was thinner. His hair a bit longer, but still dark and curly. Clean-shaven. His stance just a touch off, like he was trying to keep weight off a leg.
“Little bee, little bee!” she cried out, and Sherlock chuckled. John glanced sideways at the two of them.
“I mean, it’s Christmas, and that’s supposed to be a time for friends and family, yeah? And I’d honestly rather not see Harry if I can avoid it, which is easy thanks to the postal service and mobile phones, but I really haven’t got any friends to see this year. Mike and his family decided to go off to the States to visit some friend of his, or something, and-”
“Though, I think she may have made these for you. These were your favorites, if I recall,” John said as the silence stretched, as if he didn’t recall every detail about Sherlock over their shared time together.
Another moment of confusion followed this question, but then he remembered his earlier ruse and shrugged. “It was nothing. Not important,” he said.
“Girlfriend? Not really my area,” Sherlock responded and John tried to ignore the stutter in his heart at that.
Heavy footsteps climbed the stairs as Sherlock waited for the potential client to fully ascend. He stopped halfway up the staircase, both feet paused on a single step, then actually took a step down. Oscillation on the staircase. Love affair? Dull. Sherlock half-hoped the man would continue back down the stairs and leave, but then, he truly was bored, so he might as well listen to whatever this man had to say. Another moment passed before Sherlock heard the barest hint of a sighed exhalation and the man continued his journey up the stairs.
“Don’t answer that,” he instructed as he crossed the room and tossed a pink suitcase on an empty chair.
John turned the tap off. He got out of the shower, grabbed a towel, and dried off. The whole time he wondered what exactly Sherlock seemed to be trying to not think about.
He wasn’t comfortable completely removing them, so instead, he simply made room for his own bouquet to join the one already there.
It really wasn’t the most intelligent use of his pension money, or his little bit of savings, but he couldn’t regret the decision. He had needed to get out of London, and he did. Surreal or not, he was actually content. It was an odd and unfamiliar feeling. He hadn’t felt content for months, not since before he was shot, and even before then he might hesitate to say he was content. He had loved serving as a doctor in the RAMC. It was everything he had wanted, but even then, he had felt like his life was still missing something.
It wasn’t much, but it would have to do for now. John didn’t bother hiding his pleased smile at the look of disgust that flickered over Mycroft’s face as he looked at the water droplets that had landed on his pristine three-piece suit. Pretentious bastard. Served him right. John refused to make any excused for his dog and Mycroft seemed to instinctually know that any comment he made would be met with either silence or an angry retort.
But then John said “no” to taking the flatshare. Why would he say “no”? Why did he continue to say no?
A smaller dog, fur covered in muck, was whining softly behind some bins. John leaned down, cautiously holding out a hand for the mutt, and after several moments the dog nudged his head forward, sniffling at his hand.
“Oh shush, I took it exactly as far as I needed to. In fact, I’m pretty sure I could do more. Do you think we could do the outside windows?”
“I have a couple of other dishes downstairs to bring up. I know you didn’t get anything to make for Christmas dinner, John, and that’s just unacceptable this year.”
Sherlock pressed closer, his long fingers tightening on John’s hips, and John tore his mouth away, his hands loosening on Sherlock’s shirt and coming up to cup his face gently, his fingers tracing over his jaw, his cheekbones, the hair at the back of his neck. Sherlock shivered at the touch, his eyes closing at John’s touch.
John paused and put his knife down as he finished slicing the last mushroom. He had thought Sherlock had spoken to Mrs. Hudson about all of this, but perhaps he was wrong.
They both leaned back, palms braced on the blanket beneath them and watched as Rosie shouted in triumph at another discovery, her high voice delighted as she turned to run back to show them.
“I know. I wasn’t expecting a deviation from that. Especially not tonight. Not really ever, if I’m going to be honest.”
He knew now how wrong he had been as a younger man. Love wasn’t the virus that he needed to avoid at all costs. It was the cure to the sickness of the world. His love for John made him brave. It made him want to be better, to do better.
John smiled. He opened his eyes and turned his head to look at his friend. Sherlock’s head was tipped back, his long pale neck on perfect display, gazing up at the night sky. He pointed with his free hand towards a specific spot.
“Well, for one thing, we hardly know each other,” John picked the conversation back up as Mrs. Hudson’s steps echoed down the stairs.
Sherlock had managed to snag a taxi and had already put the other boxes in the boot. John placed the last box in and tried not to dwell on the fact that everything in his life fit in the boot of a taxi.
“John, I want you to fuck me,” Sherlock said, his voice like gravel, and John bit down a moan into the skin of Sherlock’s neck, feeling the man arch into him, and he licked over the spot to soothe it.
“No, I’m not gay,” he confirmed. Sherlock let out the breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. “I’m bi,” John continued. Then he turned and walked away.
“The best daddy. You’re a good father, John,” he said simply. John turned to look at his friend, who was still laid out with his eyes closed. John huffed and tossed a few dandelions at him. One bounced off his cheek, but two more lodged in his hair and John couldn’t help the smile it brought to his face. Sherlock didn’t so much as flinch as the flowers rained down on him.
“Oh, it’s no problem, dear. I know you two don’t have any room up there,” she said as she pulled biscuits from the oven. “Get anything good today?”
“Is this ok?” John asked and Sherlock nodded his head as he didn’t trust his voice. “Can I take these off?” he questioned as his fingers tugged at Sherlock’s pants, and he lifted his hips again. John hooked his fingers into the soft cotton and carefully removed them.
His hand works them both almost lazily at first, enjoying the sensation of hard flesh on hard flesh, but then he lets go and leans over and rummages in his side table. John hears the familiar snik of a bottle being opened. Then the hand that holds them both is warm and slick and it’s working them faster and tighter and both of them lose the rhythm of their hips as their breathing gets heavy and the sounds that fill the room are carnal and raw. Both tumble headfirst over the edge into that blissful agony of orgasm, come spurting hotly over their bellies and each other’s names on their lips.
Rosie bounced from one topic to the next as they ate, while John and Sherlock attempted to keep up with the endless thread of conversation that she steered them through. When she was finished eating, she asked to be excused to go out to play in the garden and since the rain had yet to return, John agreed. She ran out the door before he could remind her to put on shoes.
“Why?” Sherlock asked quickly, ignoring the fact that he felt somewhat insulted by the conversation they were having based on his lie.
“I can’t thank you both enough for everything you did. This really means...you saved the clinic. You really did.” Alex. John must have invited him to come over while Sherlock was out.
Sherlock was completely bare now. John stared at him, drinking in the sight before him from his knees, and Sherlock was surprised when an unexpected shyness stole over him.
Rosie cheered in delight at the prospect of a bath and nearly ran off before Sherlock managed to snatch her off the floor in his arms.
The man glanced around quickly as if he was looking for someone else before he finally sat down. Perhaps he read John’s blog and was wondering where he was. Didn’t matter. John wasn’t there and Sherlock had no idea when he would return.
“It turns out there’s room for more than just the Work in my life,” he stated and John bit his lip in an attempt to hold back his smile. It didn’t work.
They panted into each other’s mouths as John bottomed out, his balls tight against Sherlock’s arse, as they waited for Sherlock to adjust. John’s body was demanding he move, but he refused to hurt Sherlock, and he held painfully still until Sherlock gave a small nod and a wiggle of his hips.
When he was finally able to leave after he finished his paperwork and wished the nursing staff a good evening with what little energy he had left, his headache had managed to magnify and wrapped around his head, squeezing his brain relentlessly. All he wanted was to get home as quickly as possible, pop a couple of paracetamol, and sleep until the next morning.
“No, no. I wasn’t...no. I was just saying it’s fine. It’s all fine,” the doctor said and Sherlock watched him thoughtfully for a moment. Perhaps he had misread the signs after all. It happened.
“Of course, John, because the criminal classes of London make sure to take your date nights into account when committing crimes,” comes Sherlock’s snarky reply, following him down the stairs. He offers Sherlock a singular salute over his shoulder and makes his way out the door, then down the street to his date.
John came to a stop, his thoughts stuttering to a standstill at the words. Sherlock stopped beside him and turned to look at him.
Another quick look over John confirmed he wasn’t wearing any of his usual date clothing, but he was dressed for going out. Oh, it was Thursday, wasn’t it? John had a standing pub night with a few of his old army friends on Thursdays. He must have made plans for dinner sometime later this week, then. That would make sense.
“Looks like she chose you to be her knight in shining armour tonight,” he said with a hesitant smile.
“That’s fine,” he confirmed and John gave a quick nod. He applied the numbing ointment before he threaded his needle and thread carefully.
“I love you,” he stated, his voice strong and sure because Sherlock deserved more than timid declarations of love. If he was reading the entire situation wrong, then so be it. He wouldn’t be ashamed of his feelings.
Lestrade was sitting in his chair, as comfortable as he could possibly be, the pink suitcase on the table beside him.
A few minutes later breakfast was done, and he brought out a plate and mug to the living area. He wasn’t surprised to find Sherlock sitting in his chair, scrolling through his phone, and deposited both items on the table beside him before grabbing his own back in the kitchen. He returned with his breakfast and sat in his chair.
The taller man stared at him again and John was caught between wanting to sigh, scream, or laugh. He didn’t know what was the right thing to do in their situation.
Rosie didn’t need to be told twice. She squealed in delight as John went to sit on the floor beside the tree with its colorful fairy lights and pass her the first present he reached for. She tore into the wrapping with all the gusto of an excitable child.
Sherlock opened his eyes and met John’s gaze. His face was open in a way it so rarely was, and John felt his stomach swoop in response. After a moment Sherlock closed his eyes again, and John convinced himself that it was nothing. Sherlock likely didn’t know any of the lyrics to these songs, and it was just coincidental timing.
Oh, God. Is this really happening? His mouth is dry and he swallows thickly as Sherlock pushes his shirt open, exposing his neck and throat, and he bends his head to attach his mouth to John’s jugular and his hands grasp tightly on Sherlock’s waist to keep himself from falling over. Sherlock’s mouth is warm on his skin and he lets out a moan as he gently nips at the skin with his skin, his tongue darting out after to soothe the bite. John’s eyes fall closed as he tilts his head to allow Sherlock better access, and his hands begin to tug at the shirt tucked into tight trousers. Once the ends are freed, John slips his hands over the warm skin of his waist, hips, his back, and Sherlock groans before pulling back and claiming John’s mouth in a searing kiss.
“Fine. Soup?” He asked, and wasn’t that just another level of ridiculousness. Asking questions he knew the answer to.
Sherlock couldn’t help the smirk that rose to his lips, but it quickly turned to a real smile. Mrs. Hudson was one of the few people who ever earned that smile from him, and he couldn’t always hold it back when it came to her. She doted on him as if he were her son, and he supposed he did rather view her as the endearing auntie that one sometimes grew more affectionate to than their mother. All the doting and none of the discipline. Not that she didn’t occasionally try to discipline him, but she never could hold to her guns when it came to it. John, however, was another matter. She was just as affectionate, but she often seemed to expect more from John than from himself. He batted the thought away. If he wanted to get anything done this morning he needed to stop letting his mind wander, especially when it turned towards John.
As he passed an alleyway, lost in his thoughts, he caught a strange sound. He had already stopped and was turning back towards the noise before his mind made a conscious decision. It had been a noise of distress and it only took three steps into the darkened alley before he found the source.
With that, his brother hung up and Sherlock tossed his phone on the table. Well. That was fascinating. It appeared his brother was willing to overlook the fact that John hadn’t actually signed the lease.
Rebirth? Returning? Was it just a coincidence that those flowers were chosen? Did they mean something or nothing?
John leaned towards the phone, looking at the photo of the man. Now that he saw him, he recognized the man as someone who he had actually noticed for the last several minutes, but he hadn’t thought anything of it. Some soldier he was.
It was silent for several moments while John quickly scrubbed his body. Then the shadow outside the curtain spun around.
John’s mouth flooded with saliva at his words. It was if Sherlock had opened his mind and plucked out one of his own fantasies and gave it life. His voice was low and seductive and John was mesmerized. Sherlock was the charmer and John was completely enthralled, swept up into the images that Sherlock portrayed.
There was bark and the scrape of a chair being pushed back in response and John smiled as Joy came running up to him. He stopped to scratch her ears with his free hand, halfway to the kitchen, when the light was partially blocked and he turned to look up at his landlady.
. Fuck me, keep going,” Sherlock said, his voice wreaked, but just as demanding. “Such a good soldier following orders. Are you ready to come?”
Sherlock shrugged, and John didn’t miss the way his eyes flickered quickly over his body before he turned and walked out of the room.
Sherlock’s smile quirked up again and John watched silently, one finger absently stroking along his bottom lip.
John easily dodged the pinecone and couldn’t help the smile that came to his face as she calmed down.
“Do you need something?” he asked. He enjoyed the feel of the lather and bubbles on his fingers as he worked the shampoo through his hair. He stood directly under the spray again to wash the shampoo out, but Sherlock continued to remain quiet.
“There you are darling, I’ve been looking everywhere,” a deep voice boomed out, and it took all of John’s self control to not shove the person away.
“I have a rather short temper,” John said. “I’m terrible at talking about my feelings and I drink an exorbitant amount of tea. I like to sleep in on the weekends. Would that bother you?” he asked.
Sherlock continued to play as John went about his after-work routine. He set the kettle to boil and went to the fridge to see what he could make for dinner. When he pulled open the door, he stared for nearly a full minute before he choked out a noise that sounded like half-disbelief and half-hysterical laugh.
This wouldn’t be the end of his embarrassment, though, of course not. As he was trying to sweep up some of the mess back into the bucket, his date leaning down to try and add her hands into the cleaning mix, the cause of his initial distress determined now was the perfect time to make sure John knew that he was there.
“Oh, it wasn’t a waitress,” John corrected, his mind flickering back to the toilets in a club in Soho. Perhaps not the best sex he’s had, but a blow job to let off some steam had been infinitely better than his hand in the shower. Perhaps Sherlock didn’t see everything, after all.
Well. He was one, but he supposed he probably owed Mrs. Hudson a few meals after all the ones she had been feeding him over the last few months. He had no idea if he could really make anything decent beyond cheese toasties and a very basic spaghetti, but it wasn’t as if he was doing anything else with his free time, lately. It would be something different, at least. Perhaps learning how to cook would be fun.
In the quiet aftermath, John was left to try and work through what just happened. Something didn’t feel right about the way Sherlock had left and he couldn’t shake the feeling that he was in some kind of danger. Years of serving as a soldier and a doctor had given him a bit of a sixth sense on these kinds of things, and he couldn’t ignore it. The computer pinged when it triangulated the location of the woman’s phone and John acted on instinct and took off in pursuit.
John nodded his agreement, doing one more final sweep of the small room after Sherlock left. He took down the suitcase filled with his clothes, then went back for one more trip to grab the last box. His cane was set atop the last box and he touched the cool metal thoughtfully. He didn’t need the cane anymore, of course. Hadn’t needed it in months. He wasn’t sure why he still kept it, but he couldn’t leave it behind, either. As many terrible memories that it held, the cane also held the memories of first meeting Sherlock and chasing after him as they chased after a taxi. Of the wonderment he felt when Angelo stood on the doorstep and handed it to him, and the first truly genuine smile Sherlock had ever shown him, wide and carefree, and just the slightest bit smug at being right about John’s limp across his face. He pulled his fingers back from the cane and bent down to pick up the box and head back down the stairs.
The bastard hadn’t even bothered to show up at his own brother’s funeral. There was nothing that John could possibly want to hear from him. He would be perfectly content to never see him again.
He wasn’t so sure Sherlock coming back from the dead was a gift. He knew he should feel grateful for the chance he’s seemingly been given. An opportunity to make things right, to speak truths and honesty, but he couldn’t help the feeling that burned sickly in his stomach. Sherlock had thrown it all away before. He said it was to save him, to save them, and he believed him, but if he did it once, he could do it again. John didn’t know if he could let Sherlock in again like that. He didn’t think he could survive another fall.
He would cook meals and invite Mrs. Hudson upstairs to share them because he enjoyed her company, and he honestly didn’t have anyone else he could or wanted to share them with. When he didn’t have her over, he packed the extras for his lunches the next day. The meals were often for two, after all.
The case? What case? Oh, the case that Alex brought to him. For him to solve. What did he need to solve? It wasn’t the case of John Watson and Alexander Campbell and what and who Alex was or is to John.
“White Lipped snail,” Sherlock’s voice came from the doorway behind them and Rosie squealed and ran up to him, proudly displaying her find. Sherlock examined it with all the intensity that he examined most things. “Well done, Watson.”
“So you say. And yet, there were still eyeballs. In your microwave,” John said with a small smirk that he hid behind the tea mug he sipped from.
Sherlock watched him for a moment before he stepped back and allowed John to walk past him into the kitchen.
“Because I needed to take a step back. Because you were dead, and now you’re not, and I don’t know how to deal with that every moment of the day. Because you saw my flowers and knew what they meant and I have no idea what that means for me or for you. Because I was given a miracle when I had stopped believing in them.”
When they first arrived, Sherlock had shown him the boutonnière he had had made for John. Instead of flowers, it was an intricate piece of jewelry crafted from sea glass and silver wire. John rubbed his finger over the glass and wire that were turned into wearable art.
Pushing himself to a sitting position, he rolled his shoulder carefully, his right hand coming up to knead the muscle where it had tightened during sleep, before he dragged his legs over the side of the bed and his feet hit the cold floorboards before he managed to find his slippers and shove his feet in. He leveraged himself off the bed, feeling every bit the old man he knew he was.
“I hope you know that Rosie means the world to me. I wouldn’t ever let any harm come to her. She’s…,” Sherlock paused, and John watched him as he seemed to sort through which words he wanted to use, saw them appear and be dismissed in Sherlock’s mind. Sherlock screwed his eyes shut for a moment before opening them again. “She’s important to me. I hope I didn’t make you uncomfortable this evening when I told her goodnight.”
The bottle of scotch was less than half full and John and Sherlock were over half way drunk. At least, John knew he was. He was fairly sure Sherlock was. The soft pink flush to his cheeks and his easy smile definitely helped John reach that conclusion.
John contemplated ignoring the feeling and was torn on whether he wanted Sherlock to take a hint and leave him alone, or whether he wanted him to reach out and make some kind of statement.
“Well I could, but where’s the fun in that?” Sherlock asked, and John gave another huff of laughter. Behind him, the kettle clicked itself off as the water boiled within. He turned and set about the task of making tea for them both.
“How is teaching her chemistry spoiling her? She’ll be starting school in a few years and she needs to know these things. It’s a life lesson.”
Sherlock started to turn, then, because John had nothing to apologize for as far as Sherlock was concerned, but a hand on his back stilled him.
Good. That was...good. Sherlock ignored the divebomb his stomach made for the floor, the way his heart clenched in his chest, the way he felt in freefall heading towards a pavement that he gained on with reckless speed with no way to stop.
“I beg you to stop teasing me as you suck me through my pants. You’re kind, though, John. You don’t make me wait. You push my pants down and stare at me. At my cock. At how hard I am for you. The things you do to me. You put your mouth on me, taking me deep, and your eyes stay on mine the whole time.”
The detective glares at the interruption and then sees what John is holding carefully between gloved fingers and his expression changes to elation. “Oh,
”. Latin again. All the world plays the actor. He knew that phrase. Another Shakespeare quotation as well. It was the motto of the Globe Theatre. Clearly, Moriarty was expecting him.
“Pitiable,” Sherlock comments, as they watch the reunion between the young lawyer and his pretty wife. She has thrown her arms around him and is weeping, murmuring in his ear as he strokes her hair.
John took a deep breath. He wasn’t even sure this was the right box. What if he had the right password but the wrong box? Or vise versa? How exactly was he supposed to talk himself out of this if they began to suspect him of attempted robbery? Oh well, too late to turn back now. With shaking hands he entered ARMYDOCTOR on the keypad. It emitted a hideous screech and he jumped back.
This is not going to be easy. John tries again, rolling on his side so he can look at Sherlock properly. “I know this has been an unusually long and difficult case, and I’m sure things will get better when it’s over. But it’s not just this case, it’s a lot of things. I’m…concerned.”
They huddle closer together in the cold. It’s less stormy than it was but the rain is still coming down hard and the leaves above are dripping on them.
“Why did you say what you said?” Sherlock’s voice is not exactly accusatory, not exactly wounded; uncomprehending, maybe, trying to hide that he cares enough to be bothered. He blinks up at John, inscrutable, waiting.
Sherlock had tried to conjure up the number in his mind, but could only retrieve a few digits. He had only glanced at it once – normally that would be enough, but he had crumpled the paper when picking it up, in his annoyance over being disturbed in his work. Half the digits had been obscured. It was no use, he could not reasonably deduce the other numbers. He needed the note. It would still be amongst the piles of books and papers he’d left in the lab, he was sure of it. Molly never touched his things when he left them there, and never let anyone else touch them either. It looked like trash, but unless it had fallen to the floor it would be undisturbed.
“No.” John’s voice is firm. “You were upset enough to kill a man for me, but not enough to check on me?” He walks over to Sherlock, whose back is still to him. “Tell me why.”
“Lestrade, when you locate the very obvious suspect, don’t arrest him – let me go and talk to him first. Wouldn’t want another cock-up like the last one…”
Sherlock’s body’s reflexes take over then, making him lift himself up enough to vomit without drowning himself in it. He feels hands on him again - John’s hands, his brain tells him vaguely - but it doesn’t mean anything to him. John, the person, is remote from him, an abstract, without a way to experience him. He exists now only as the plane where his skin meets Sherlock’s, two dimensional and mute, lacking any frame of reference. There’s no comfort there, no depth, no substance.
John frowns, but doesn’t object. Sherlock doesn’t do well on a tether. “All right, if you must. I’ll get Bryant home when they’re done with him.”
John nods. “I think you’d better tell me. I ought to know if I can function as an alternative light source. Handy in emergencies, I should think.”
“This man here,” Jackson informs the only member of the group John doesn’t know. “Has luck with women that’s got the devil himself scratching his head. He’s had his way with so many lovely little things it’s a miracle any were left for the rest of us. Watson, what the hell have you been up to… or into?” He winks slightly lewdly.
Sherlock thinks for a moment that he needn’t go through with it – with Moriarty gone and Mycroft’s men capturing the assassins as they speak surely he and his brother are clever enough to extricate him and John from what remains of the trap. It was worth the risk, surely. He can’t bear the ache in John’s voice as it is.
Sherlock blinks his bewilderment. “I did what you said you wanted. We fill out the paperwork, problem solved, you and Rosie don’t have to worry about it any more.”
She moves closer and John shifts automatically to fit her in his arms. He runs his fingers up and down her back, toying with her hair. "So, what is your natural colour?" he asks, stalling for time.
"She won't be likely to tell you anything unless she thinks you're one of her people. When you introduce yourself, tell her your friends call you Gilly. When she says that Gilly isn't a very good nickname, reply that they aren't very good friends."
“This is beyond, even for him.” John filled her in on the details of the past few days, and their conversation this morning.
"Look, I'm sorry I spoiled your evening. I was hoping to avoid that," John offers. "Maybe I can make it up to you?"
He twists his tongue into the hair under John's arm unabashedly, and then lets his head fall back to the pillow. "Mostly, you taste of John Watson."
She looks down as if she'd not noticed before and curses in a language unfamiliar to him. Then she waves it away as if it's of no importance. “Does it matter to you what thieves do to each other? Say I aimed too high and this was my reward. That’s not why you’re here.”
John turns bright crimson and scrambles to cover himself and Sherlock, who seems completely undeterred by their landlady’s presence.
Sherlock looks at John as if he’s just casually mentioned that he’s planning on starting a second career as a circus clown. “
NOT UNTIL YOU TELL ME WHAT IT IS YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING. I KNOW YOU'RE FRUSTRATED BUT YOU'RE ONLY GOING TO HURT YOURSELF. YOU'RE ALREADY BLEEDING.
Sherlock must be able to see him wavering because he tries again. “May I touch you? Please? You don’t have to control yourself around me, I don’t want you to. I just want
He offers the occasional cigarette out of a mixture of guilt and pity, but is otherwise firm. He doesn’t drink much any more, either. Not that he ever did, really, but he knows an over indulgence on either of their parts will likely re-open a subject they seem to have silently agreed is best left alone. Not that there aren’t moments, for both of them, but they are largely able to ignore them and get on with life.
“It’s nothing of importance, just time sensitive. In fact I should probably be going now,” he says, getting up and gathering his coat and mobile.
"No surveillance inside. Not surprising. They won't want anything found when the police search his house."
“Well?” she demands. “I assume you’re not going through all this just to kill me, and you already have all the information I had.”
The golden god that is John shrugs. YOUR MIND IS ALREADY ACCUSTOMED TO SEEING IN A WAY THAT INVOLVES OTHER SENSES, SO IT WOULD HAVE BEEN THE EASIEST CONNEXION TO MAKE. SAME WITH ME – THAT PATHWAY WAS ALREADY THERE AND NEVER REALLY HAD MUCH TO DO WITH YOUR SIGHT. MAYBE IT JUST NEEDED TO BE REACTIVATED. SEEING OTHER THINGS MIGHT FOLLOW AS YOUR BRAIN ADJUSTS. HEARING TOO. YOU MIGHT HEAL YOURSELF IN TIME.
“Try,” John says firmly. “I’m not jealous anymore. But I want to know you as much as I can, and this is a part of you I just don’t know. I won’t react badly, whatever you say. Just…please try?”
“Did you tell them about the explosives, too?” Moriarty asked, then laughed as Sherlock hesitated. “Just
interested in him, but again, nothing stuck to him. Then about two years ago…that’s funny, there’s nothing after late 2009.”
John freezes for a long moment and then to Sherlock's great relief replaces the stool and sits back down, though he's still casting worried glances at the door.
John shrugs off his concern. “She’ll be there, or she’ll be where it’s going. And if she doesn’t know what Moriarty’s plans for Sherlock were she’ll know who does. She had orders to bring us in when we met her on that case, and if she survived capture and Moriarty’s death there’s a reason other than luck.”
Shots ring out, going wide, and John fires back even though he has no hope of hitting anything. John’s back is throbbing but he pushes on, at last catching a glimpse of a shape up ahead. Just for a second. He wipes the water from his eyes and fires another shot, which is returned immediately. He thinks it’s missed entirely, but he hears Sherlock gasp behind him. He turns and looks and sees the bullet has grazed Sherlock’s left thigh – a flesh wound, but enough to stop him running.
Finally, John manages to lure Sherlock away from the case for something longer then a quick tumble and a short nap, for the first time in a couple weeks. It takes all John’s not-insignificant seductive wiles and the argument that he might see something new if he looks at it with fresh eyes in the morning, to get Sherlock to go to bed with him, but it’s something.
, compared  to the rest of the brain-dead slugs who walk around on this dismal earth.” His eyes shone in the murky light, like a cat’s. “But I could take it all away so quickly,
“Fine…” the baritone voice murmurs suggestively against his neck. “I can think of ways to stay occupied until then...”
Greg shakes his head and lowers his voice. “We’re all right in here, I’ve learned a thing or two about surveillance, but there are people on the inside, in the force who must be involved with this. What’s more, I’ve been forbidden to investigate any of it any further. As far as my superiors are concerned, Moriarty or Brook or whoever he was is dead and so is… so is Sherlock, and that’s all there is to tell.”
He pored over the images, and all the information in the reports, looking for anything that might suggest why Sherlock was after him in particular, and why that had led him to Croatia. He knew there had to be something, but he just couldn’t see it. Frustrated, he got out his laptop and started Googling random phrases and places from the file, along with “Moran”, “Moriarty”, “Croatia”, and “Sherlock Holmes”. Nothing useful.
“You have a lot of healing to do. I still don’t like any of this. Just…don’t make me come after you again. Oh, here – I’ve got your gloves.” He fished in his pocket and pulled out the pair of leather gloves from the box he’d been given. “You left them. Too big for me.”
“Come on. Mycroft will be here in…” His lips move silently for a moment, as if he is calculating the exact number of minutes it takes for the elder Holmes to brush his teeth and the length of time for a car to get across town in morning traffic. “…thirty-seven minutes. I’m sure he’ll be wanting to hear all about it.”
were. All the facts I gave you were perfectly in order, it’s hardly my fault you lot didn’t bother to pay attention. Look at him, there is no way he made those footprints, they were far too close together, couldn’t have been made by a man over five foot eight!”
He does as he’s told and John joins Sherlock on the bed presently. "Smell," he says, holding a finger under Sherlock’s nose.
“I don’t know about that, there are a lot of people who seemed to have no trouble at all with it,” John replied grimly.
She goes with him to a café busy enough that no one will overhear them. They sit and Sherlock orders two strong coffees.
John could hardly begrudge her that. Now she fussed over John like he was the only thing she had left in the world. Maybe he was. He tolerated her attentions, appreciated them even, but did not have the emotional energy to give her much back. She seemed happy enough just to have him there. She had tidied the flat in his absence, but had left his and Sherlock’s things largely untouched. He felt like a ghost in his own home, moving silently through the rooms, unwilling or unable to change or get rid anything.
“Sherlock, I have no idea what I’m like any more,” John sighs. “And sometimes we don’t get to decide what we want. I’m sure everyone’s life would be a lot easier if we could all just feel the things we chose to feel. I know how I’ve been my whole life, but I also know that I feel good when you’re close to me, that I was terrified when I thought I was going to lose you, and that I…liked it when you kissed me. And the past two days have been too scary and insane for me to keep pretending those things aren’t true.”
"Have you thought about what you'll do if he's not waiting for you when you get back? Not that it's likely to matter..."
John suddenly feels exhausted, like all the air has gone out of him. He is distantly horrified by what he's just almost done, but more than that he's overwhelmed by the magnitude of his loss, of the lengths Sherlock had gone to for him.
“No! You never did!” John had figured out that Sherlock’s family was well-off a long time ago. One didn’t get a taste for custom suits, £2,000 coats, or hundred-year-old bottles of wine from a middle class upbringing. Still, this went beyond well-off and into the aristocracy. “You grew up
! Of course, he must have used removable showerhead to knock her unconscious! Stupid! John, get dressed!” He runs out, still talking to himself, or possibly the imaginary version of John he seems to keep with him at all times.
He paged through the file on the train, while other passengers slept around him. There wasn’t much there that Lestrade hadn’t summarized, but there were pictures of Moran. He was a tall man, and broad shouldered. Imposing, really. He had dirty blond hair and a perpetually dark tan, and seemed to prefer to dress like he was on safari even when he wasn’t. Pretentious, John thought. There were images of him from his young army days, of him posed with various dead large animals, of him at high-level social events – always with a weapon on his hip and a cigarette in his hand.
“You,” he says rounding fiercely on John, “look like the asteroid that killed the fucking dinosaurs.”
Sherlock spins back to look at him incredulously. "You actually believe all this, don't you. That we have some kind of... what? Destiny?"
“No, I know we’re on the track, if only I could see, I could work it out, I know it!” Sherlock slams his hand down on the bench in frustration. “It must have to do with how I metabolised it.”
come after you if you don’t.” He’s surprised at the fierceness in his own voice, and more surprised that he means it.
Sherlock can’t contain a moan of his own and begins to work his way methodically down John’s chest, still holding his arms, sucking on the hollow of his collarbone, biting at John’s nipples hard enough to make him cry out, and slowly, maddeningly making his way lower until he is tearing at John’s belt with his teeth, growling with frustration at the impediment.
“I’m going now,” he tells her. “I’m going to fix this, all of it.” He touches his lips dryly to her injury, a sort-of apology, and turns to go.
“In my experience,” he began, with forced slowness, shaking with pent up anxiety. “When you get close to people, they expect…certain things. I…I don’t always realize that. And when I do, I don’t know how to give it to them. Not emotionally, not…physically. I’m not… I have my work. I always thought it was all I needed, but it’s not. I need…closeness. Sometimes. A companion, a… partner. But I fear I am doing you a disservice, when I can’t be…fully…what you need. I might never be...able...” He trailed off helplessly, not meeting John’s eyes, focusing his gaze on his own tapping fingers.
“Oh, is that all?” Sherlock turns back to his microscope. “Isn’t there usually? Really, John, I’m beginning to worry about you.”
“John,” he offers nervously, stroking John’s shoulder. “Perhaps if we were to go into the bedroom, you could explain it me?”
shut up, I am actually trying to get you out of this, you magnificent oaf.” He turns to the DI. “Those prints may have been from his boots but he certainly wasn’t in them at the time. And look at his hands. Dirty. Old dirt too, haven’t been scrubbed properly in at least a week, but you found only clean fingerprints on the coffee maker, not a trace of dirt, yes? Not our man.”
“This is better? Christ.” John finally is able to comprehend the mess around him. The telltale signs. Two different powders, several syringes, the rubber tubing around Sherlock’s arm. He knows Sherlock favours cocaine when he is bored or sad and heroin when his brain won’t shut down. It slowly dawns on John that the remaining, mostly full, syringe on the bed is filled with both, and the empty nearby probably had been as well. His heart stops.
Sherlock stands and approaches him cautiously, as one might approach a large and rabid mountain lion. “John, be reasonable…”
They take their time, existing for long minutes in a limbo state of pleasure, exploration, soft touches, until at last Sherlock can take it no longer. “Now, John? Please?”
But even that lasts only a few seconds before Sherlock sinks back into himself and his playing, lost again.
. As it was, John had considered calling him anyway but had decided that requesting help deciphering a code that was apparently hidden inside his own head would be too humiliating.
Sherlock is getting annoyed now. “You knew what I was from the beginning, John. This is how I will always be. I calculate risks before I do things, far better than most people. I’m not careless. I know exactly what I’m doing.”
“If that’s your way of saying thank you for saving your life again, you’re welcome,” John says dryly, unable to avoid a small smile at Sherlock’s predictable myopia. “Now can we please get dinner? You may not need food when you’re working but I can’t live on biscuits and adrenaline.”
Sherlock is blind with rage for a moment, it fills his head like static. Other men, touching John, violating John. It makes him sick. He wants to find them, tear them apart, destroy them so that there is no one left but him who has known John. But it dims quickly, and only then does Sherlock truly understand the extent of what his choices have wrought, fully grasp that John is right, they can never go back to what was before.
John went to the door and pulled it open. On the threshold stood Angelo, the owner of the restaurant where they had dinner, and he held out a cane with a large smile on his face.
“Did you really come in here to tell me we’re out of milk?” When the man nodded John fought off the urge to roll his eyes and looked back at his reflection. “You are aware you are perfectly capable of going to the shops and buying milk when we’re out, right?” he asked. He picked off the tissue that was still on his face, made sure the bleeding had stopped, then carefully finished his shave while studiously ignoring the taller man hovering behind him.
Sherlock smiled at that, seemingly pleased at being considered a friend. They both took sips of the wine, which was actually very good, and John made a mental note of the label on the bottle to purchase a bottle for the flat. Maybe they could share a bottle for Christmas.
John pushed up on his hands to look down at Sherlock as he rolled his hips again, then began a steady rhythm. Sherlock was completely focused on the vision of John above him, and John held his gaze as he rocked into him. He wrapped his legs around John’s hips, causing the angle to shift, and he cried out when John hit his prostate. Pure bliss rocketed through him as John hit it on every thrust of his hips now, and he could feel the intensity of his orgasm building.
Sherlock’s thoughts screeched to a halt. Did John just say what he thought he said? He risked a glance at the man seated beside him.
John stopped, looking up as he realized just how long he had been talking about absolutely nothing and wasn’t that embarrassing? He never rambled like that.
John smiled up at him. Sherlock returned his smile, the mask he so often hid behind completely missing as he leaned down to capture John’s lips in a warm kiss. John pressed into him, his arms wrapping around Sherlock’s too-thin waist as Sherlock’s other hand came up to cup his face, as well. It was a rather chaste kiss and when they pulled back it was with more smiles on both their faces.
"It's revenge at best, and not even on the person who really deserves it," she croaks, starting to turn blue. "But if it'll make you feel better, go ahead."
But it ended up that staying away was worse. He could not afford to live in London on his own, even with his pension and the salary from the surgery – he wasn’t sure he could continue there anyway. The idea of another flatmate was unthinkable. Losing Sherlock was painful enough, but to live away from all the places they had gone together, all the things they had shared, staying in a cheap room in a soulless suburban neighborhood, it made him feel like everything was truly gone.
Sherlock nods slowly, still trying to make sense of this all. She reaches out and takes his hand, and he does not find her touch disagreeable.
Sherlock wakes slowly, to a splitting headache and a mouth that feels like the entire contents of the Sahara have been emptied into it. The first thing he notices is that there are sounds.
At last he says slowly. “I don’t want it to be. So what I'm asking you, however unfairly, is if you and I can walk out of this tunnel and be what we were at the beginning. Partners, friends, colleagues. But that's all. If you can be genuinely happy for me and let the past lie. It's the only way. It might be cruel of me to even ask and if it's too much, then we can part ways. But I'd rather have something than nothing, even if it can't be everything. Can you do that for me, Sherlock?"
As he watches, first one fully loaded pallet and then another are wheeled out of the warehouse and into the truck.
Mycroft got him on his way to work, which means he doesn’t want Sherlock to know he is meeting with John. That’s never a good sign. In addition, instead of having John brought to his London office, he’s had the driver take him to a country house quite a few miles away. John briefly wonders if he’s about to be murdered.
. If there's work to be had for your... skills, you'll find it there. But watch how you flash that symbol - there's a reason they're not around anymore."
Bryant’s townhouse is older, but in a nice neighbourhood, and very well kept up. He meets them at the door, looking haggard and nervous.
They rescue the girl. It was the shopboy, but he was egged on by an older neighbour and that one’s the real sadist, and dangerous when cornered. He gets Sherlock with a broken broom handle, leaving a jagged wound in his calf before John can tackle him and knock him out.
“Okay?” Sherlock says incredulously. He reaches out and grabs John, spinning him around. “John, it’s…” He’s grasping for words.
The criminals and syndicates Moriarty had empowered and bound together had been there long before he had started his career and they, or those taking their places, would remain long after Sherlock was in the ground. He had no illusions of and little interest in purging the world of all organized crime.
“And you don’t have to worry. About…that.” He coughed awkwardly. “I don’t always understand you,” John went on. “And I certainly don’t always understand what…this… is. But it’s…good. For me. I don’t need more. You don’t have to…be afraid. That you’re missing something. That you can’t give me what I need. Or want. I wouldn’t be here if that was the case, at least not like this.”
Sherlock gives a little smile, flushed as well, but shakes his head. “You haven’t eaten since last night – I don’t want you passing out in front of the police. It would be terribly embarrassing for me.”
John had lasted the longest, gotten the closest, and didn’t seem to be dissatisfied with him. And yet, coming so close to losing him in this way made him think about other possible losses. What if he was misreading everything? He often forgot to pay attention to the moods and emotions of those nearest to him, and although he did make a special effort with John, it was still very possible that he was missing something and it was only a matter of time before this ended like every other intimacy he’d ever attempted. He wasn’t sure he could bear it. He had to do something to make sure that didn’t happen, but he had no idea what. They did not talk about things like this.
His brain starts firing every possible alarm bell telling him that he should remove himself from the situation, but he can't quite think of a way to do that at this juncture without raising suspicion. And she's not giving him a whole lot of time to think. Before he quite knows what is happening, her tongue is in his mouth, silky and teasing, and he's got a hand on the swell of her overflowing bodice.
"No. I don't want anyone else knowing," Sherlock says urgently. "You know what enemies I have, John. It will have to be you."
Sherlock sits and waits patiently. John fumblingly whisks up the lather in Sherlock's shaving bowl, but applies it correctly in smooth, circular strokes and doesn't get any up Sherlock's nose. He wraps Sherlock's face in a hot towel and the scent of eucalyptus, combined with the sandalwood from the soap, is instantly calming. When it's time to remove the towel, John wipes the dirty lather off his face with it tenderly, and the touch of his fingers is instantly calming as well.
Sherlock cheerfully ignores him as, after committing the relevant contents to memory, he wipes the data stick and the landlady’s hard drive for good measure. He returns it to her with thanks and pays his bill.
“Not at all. John…” Mycroft looked uncomfortable again. “I want you to know that I….appreciate…what you’ve done for my brother. All of it. I know your relationship is…complicated, but I’ve truly come to think of you as part of the family.”
“Self-preservation, Ms. Mihov. Which seems to be your motivating force above all else. Moriarty’s not the only one capable of setting up a resilient trap. I assure you would not survive my second death by more than 24 hours. I know all your bolt-holes and accounts, and so do my associates.”
John helps Sherlock to get up and sit on the bed, and examines him once again. As much as he can, he keeps his fingers dancing over Sherlock's skin, telling him everything he’s doing and why, and Sherlock is grateful for the input, any input, any connection to the world and to John. John is quick with his cipher, surprisingly quick, the words pop up in Sherlock’s mind almost like a text. It helps to imagine them that way, on a screen in his brain, and pretend that they’re talking over text and everything is normal.
“Yeah, likely,” Greg agrees. “Unfortunately, that’s all I got for you. Except… funny, I just remembered this. The last text she sent from her mobile. When I was searching her, after you boys nabbed her, I saw her phone screen. Right before the whole thing wiped itself. It was just one word.
He stumbles back the way he came, his back screaming louder with every stiff step. Sherlock has managed to reach the edge of the forest.
It's late when he gets back to the city, and he goes immediately and circumspectly to Detective Inspector Lestrade's sparsely furnished bachelor flat. He's not there, but housebreaking no longer presents any difficulties for John and he's waiting in the dark when Greg arrives home.
He thanks John, with just enough of an edge of sarcasm to keep him from getting suspicious, and tilts his head all the way back, closing his eyes.
Unsurprisingly, she’s come around the back of the lorry to look for her companion. When she doesn’t see him, she doesn’t call out or climb in to investigate. She looks around alertly and then reaches for her phone. Before she can dial, John uses the split second of inattention to leap from his hiding spot the lorry and tackle her. She goes down hard, struggling against him with fairly impressive force, but he’s got her arms behind her back and a hand clapped over her mouth.
“Tell me what I need to know,” John pleaded. “Why keep loyalty to a man who just killed you? I can get revenge for you. Just tell me where to find him.”
He kisses the gentle curve of her neck, because it's easy to reach, and distantly notices that while his hand, apparently of its own accord, is caressing the long-missed softness of a breast, she's managed to get his waistcoat and dress shirt partially undone and is running a hand up under them, over his chest.
Sherlock is silent, running his fingers through John’s short hair. Finally, he says. “Yes.” He kisses John, in an almost innocent way, and then takes a step back to look at him fully. He shakes off the emotional reaction to John’s gift that he’s been trying hide, and puts on a more devilish air.  “Maybe we should break in my new lab properly,” he says suggestively.
Nothing new. The same conversations had with the same kinds of people, no matter what their faces looked like. It was all just the same as before.
Sherlock had started to feel confused by this exchange, which was decidedly an unfamiliar and frankly annoying feeling. Why was John acting like this about someone who must be a former classmate? They were of an age and since they were of similar professions, it was most likely that they went to university together, though it was possible they knew each other from an even younger age. John wasn’t acting as if he didn’t like this Alexander person. If anything he seemed flustered by his appearance in their living room. It was almost as if he was afraid of something, but that didn’t make any sense. He had never known John to be afraid of anything, and besides, Sherlock couldn’t detect anything threatening about the man at all.
He found his trousers and pulled his mobile from his pocket, then crawled into the bed, pulling the duvet up with him, and fitted himself beside John who watched him curiously as he draped it over them both.
“There has been a man following you for the last five minutes. His associate is about 100 meters in front of you, and if you don’t let me accompany you, you will find yourself bereft of both your wallet and your cane,” he said, his arm still wrapped warmly over his shoulder and his head bent so that John wasn’t able to get a good look at his face. He suddenly pulled John’s mobile from his hand, fingers flying quickly over the keys, and then held up the phone in what John had learned was the “selfie” pose. John realized he had been angling the two of them and when he pulled up the camera, John could see not only him and this stranger, but also the sidewalk and pedestrians behind them.
Or perhaps it was him and he was just destined to be the loser no matter whether it was life or a game of poker, so whoever he played against always won. Since Mrs. Hudson was the only one he played cards with, she was the de facto winner in their games.
He wasn’t surprised when he felt the first snowflakes hit his face. At least it wasn’t rain, he supposed.
“What about being married to your work?” John asked and Sherlock almost laughed. Of course, that’s what John would start with. Those words he had said at the beginning because he had a horrible record with romantic entanglements and had wanted John for a flatmate. Words he had said to throw him off, because he had known, even then, that a relationship with John would be all-consuming and it had been that these last few months even without the complication of physical intimacy. But he was done hiding what he really wanted from John.
John felt himself deflate. The anger, the hurt, even the love he felt for Sherlock, it all faded away and left him desolate. He pulled out a kitchen chair and fell into it. Joy rested her head in his lap as soon as he settled and he absently scratched her ears. Across from him, Sherlock carefully pulled out the other chair and sat down.
“Oh yeah, your skin and bones turn into something beautiful. Do you know, you know I love you so…” he started singing to himself as he poured hot water over two tea bags in mugs. Then he blinked and went over to watch his flatmate at the window.
“I need these samples, John,” Sherlock replied, completely unaffected by the fact that John was screaming at him, that he was in the shower, that he was cursing the man’s entire existence as the shampoo was stinging his eyes as he tried to rinse it out.
There was a look in her eyes that he couldn’t quite parse. She took a sip of her tea before she spoke. “An old “friend”?” she asked and Sherlock could hear all the implications in the word. “Oh, was this the young man who came by yesterday afternoon?” She didn’t bother waiting for him to nod or shake his head. She had already begun, and there was no stopping that train once it left the station. “He was quite dishy, wasn’t he? That lovely dark ginger hair. Tall, too. Not quite as tall as you, of course, dear, but well, you can’t have everything.”
After, there were days that John wouldn’t have eaten at all if it hadn’t been for Mrs. Hudson’s constant, well-meaning but incredibly frustrating, meddling. She brought up meals for him regularly. Sandwiches or casseroles that were still hot. Tea. Anything she brought up was already prepared to be eaten so he would have no excuse to not eat.
If he was completely honest, he enjoyed these conversations. There was something pleasant about them. Sherlock seemed more relaxed when they spoke through the curtain of the shower. He was more open about his thoughts. The man once spent an entire shower talking about how as a boy he and Mycroft used to pretend to be pirates when they visited the beach, and John would admit he spent even longer in that shower than he usually would just because he wanted to keep Sherlock talking.
It wasn’t like there was anyone to judge him for dressing his dog in clothes and spending exuberant amounts of money on her.
Joy whined at being stuck, causing John to blink into action to remove her leash, and Greg to look up. He stood as soon as he saw John. He put the teacup down on the table before looking back to John, then his eyes flicked down to Joy with a surprised raise of his eyebrows.
The snow blanketed the pavement in small drifts from the wind and it was early enough that it wasn’t completely icy grey slush, yet. They walked, leaving behind paw prints and shoes, and John couldn’t help the sad smile that came to his face as he wondered with Sherlock would have deduced from the prints they left behind.
Yes, his phone had been vibrating with text alerts fairly consistently throughout his date with the pretty brunette Mike had introduced him to, but he had been studiously ignoring it after checking the first two (or five) weren’t serious. Sherlock could wait. There wasn’t anything so urgent right now that it could keep him from enjoying his night out. If Greg called him, then he would know it was serious and he would deal with it then.
He trudged up the last few stairs and walked up to his open bedroom door to find Mrs. Hudson, headphones on, attaching garlands to his window pane. There was no wonder he didn’t hear his earlier call for her. The music was blaring through the headphones and he could clearly hear it from across the room.
Looking back, John was unable to pinpoint exactly when it was that Sherlock began to follow him into the loo when he was showering. He remembered being outraged the first time. He had just started to wash his hair, working his cheap shampoo through the short strands, when the door he had definitely closed was flung open, banging against the wall with a crack like a gunshot, and the madman’s voice was raised to be heard over the sound of the water in what could only have been a continuation of the conversation they had the previous night about a case they were working.
“I’m not fearless. Brave, sometimes, sure. When I need to be, I like to think that I’m brave enough. But I definitely have fear,” he confessed, then took a sip of his wine.
“Half of the table and counters, sanitized before cooking and meals, and no organs in the microwave,” John counter-offered.
“Molly, do you have any idea how often Sherlock touches his face? Constantly. His hands are constantly on his face. And then he touches my face,” John said, then snapped his own mouth shut. “Not like that, I just mean, he’s a very physical…” he began, then stopped again. “This isn’t coming out right,” he stated simply as he ignored the flush that he felt on his cheeks.
“The strongest case against them will be if we wait until they’ve actually loaded the shipment into the lorry to stop them. John, you’ll follow the lorry when it comes. Once it’s in place, take out the driver and whoever is with him.”
“What? It’s only 8:30!” John exclaims, but Sherlock has retreated to his room and shut the door firmly.
The next day, Jim Moriarty, absent from all news and rumour for several months, breaks into the Tower of London and scrawls “Get Sherlock” on the case containing the crown jewels before allowing himself to be captured.
Sherlock is aware of a sudden tension between them, one that has occasionally made an appearance before but never so strongly. He is overtired, he thinks, and John is drunk. That’s all it is. And yet the colour in John’s cheeks, the dim hall light catching in his sandy hair, the curve of his lips… suddenly it is all very appealing, drawing him in, fascinating him. He tries to repress the urge, as he does with all such urges and has done for years. Urges, he has learned, are dangerous and distracting. But this one won’t be silenced, and John won’t stop looking at him like he is waiting for something to happen.
"I don't see how you could think that could possibly be any of your business," he snarls in a whisper, so as not to disturb Sherlock. Not that he could.
He didn’t know how long they sat like that, but at some point they fell asleep. When he awoke the next morning they were tangled up on the sofa, half sitting, half lying. He hadn’t slept through the night without a strong pill and a strong drink for months.
Sherlock closed his eyes. John lying motionless on the pier, again. The image would not leave him. He was in a hospital. Drugs were everywhere. It would be so easy for him to nick something – no one would ever know. He inhaled deeply and gritted his teeth. He could not afford to give in now. He had to remain alert, aware, even if he felt like his brain was trying to consume itself within his skull, and he longed for something, anything to shut it down, even for just a few minutes. He focused his attention on John’s chest, watching the steady rhythm of his breathing – rise and fall, up and down. He forced himself to match his own breathing to it. He sat like that until morning, not sleeping, not moving.
The doctor glanced at him sceptically, while John and Mrs. Hudson fairly gaped at him. “Are you the next of kin or spouse?” she asked. “I’m sorry, it’s not written on the form.”
In early December, the labyrinthine, medieval city is cold, claustrophobic, and aggressively damp. Under other circumstances he might admire the sturdiness and enduring design of the ancient workmanship. As man in hiding who prefers to have a quick exit handy, he finds the habit of streets ending suddenly in high walls or unmapped canals less than charming. Still, the layout could be useful for confounding pursuers, provided it didn't confound him first.
The burly man struggled, but John had him pinned tightly against the fence. “I’m no one,” he said in a London accent, grimacing.
John takes out a syringe that is frankly alarming in size. "Well, it needs to be delivered directly to the brain to have enough potency to work. There's not a lot of options." He draws half of their potion into the syringe and stands.
What right has he to ask more of John after all of this? What more can John even give him? And what can he offer John in return? It’s already so much more than he thought he would ever have again.
"Yes. Because whatever he is, he knows it. Whatever he's pursuing, he pursues absolutely. He doesn't hesitate or doubt himself. He doesn't change just to please others. He can't be tempted, bribed, or coerced, he'll never compromise himself or his skill. His values and morality are his own and they might be a little bit awful sometimes, but he makes no excuses for it. His choices are his alone.
“No, not really, dear.” She gives him another knowing smile. Two weeks, he decides, but immediately reverses his decision when they get in the taxi and Sherlock swats his arse discreetly for making him wait.
“You don’t have to do this. It’s not going change anything he’s going to do, you have to know that,” John pleads. He reaches for Sherlock, and Sherlock allows John to take his hand, to pull him back into his room, to sit next to him on the edge of the bed, temporarily wavering in his resolve.
“I was laboring under the false assumption that you were cleverer than you apparently are,” Sherlock replied through gritted teeth, turning slowly as the sound Moriarty’s voice continued to move, trying to keep the other man in view.
John nods, a little relieved. So far no one else believed in Sherlock as he did, without reservation or uncertainty. He sits beside Victor, gingerly, still not feeling as if he’s really in his body.
“Why, to tell us his house has been robbed, I expect,” Sherlock replies calmly. “I’d like to eat first, if you don’t mind.”
He had mailed a couple postcards from the station in Sanremo when he stopped to switch trains, praising the sea air and charming local colour of costal Italy and declaring his intention to spend at least two weeks there before going on to Greece, but he was unwilling to spend time on anything more elaborate. Every minute he delayed was another minute for Sherlock’s trail to grow cold. He wished desperately that Mycroft had had more for him, but at least hehad a lead now, however tenuous.
Suddenly a flash of lightening illuminates the sky above them, deafening thunder sounding at the same instant, near enough to physically feel it. The murderer is taken by surprise and stumbles for a moment, just long enough for John to use the light to aim and fire. He doesn’t startle - he’s quite used to loud bangs and flashes of light very close to him.
John clears his throat. “Anyway, I was someone else for a while after that – I’ve never been really sure who, I was barely a person then, maybe just a shadow – and then I died again and now I’m me.”
John gave him a peculiar look. “Yes, I told you.” He coughed again, and looked embarrassed. “Look, Sherlock…I don’t remember much after I ran off after that suspect, but they told me what…what you did for me. I…I don’t know how to thank you. That was…um…good.”
Mary laughs. "If there's one thing I know about John Watson it's that, whether he wants to admit to it or not, he needs danger. He can't live without it, and in its absence he will either find it or make it. I'd prefer he do so in the company of someone smart enough to get him out of it."
John shook his head. “I think I’ve decided I no longer give a flying fuck about people talking,” he said solemnly. He rose awkwardly to his knees. “I know what’s important now,” he said. Impulsively he pressed his lips to Sherlock’s forehead – a fierce but chaste kiss – then looked away, embarrassed, and scrambled to his feet.
He was proud that he hadn’t given Moran any sign of how close he really was to losing it. Sherlock still greeted him with a sarcastic smile and his usual banter. He knew Moran couldn’t stand the idea that his techniques were failing, although this had not yet made him try a new tactic. Therefore Sherlock was surprised when, on the fourth day, Moran sat down in front of him and said, “So. Here we are.”
"Oh please, you're a surgeon. You have steady hands and you can handle a blade. Just do... the opposite of what you do when you operate on someone."
Goddamn that selfish, cold-hearted son of  bitch. John’s mind is filled with equal parts anger and fear. He forces himself to calm, pushing the emotions down until they are seething under the surface, but at least he can function. The only way he has a hope of finding Sherlock is to retrace his steps.
John’s unbuckling Sherlock’s trousers, now, yanking them down harshly until Sherlock is exposed, arse in the air, head on the floor, completely at John’s disposal. John is stronger than Sherlock is, he couldn't get away if he tried, and it sinks in for the first time that John is serious, that they have reached the point where they have run out of words for each other in a way that is more final than it’s ever been and this is all John can think to do. And for a moment Sherlock feels afraid. Afraid of John, of how far he's pushed him and what he’s about to do. Afraid of John's desperation and anger and fear.
John doesn’t know what to say to that, but apparently Sherlock doesn’t require a response. He jumps to his feet and grabs John’s wrist.
“One on the mating habits of African pygmy tree shrews. Jesus, what kind do you think? I am a practicing physician, if you recall. I believe that’s one of the reasons you found me so
She waves them toward the door with the gun. Sherlock makes the little motion with his head that John should be ready, something’s going to happen.
He hears John get up and pad towards the bathroom, probably assuming Sherlock needs a hand climbing into the shower or something similar. Sherlock faces the mirror, eyes closed and hands on the vanity supporting his weight.
Sherlock walks around him and hauls the fourth man to his feet roughly. He shrieks in pain and John winces at Sherlock’s callousness. Sherlock pushes him in to the back of the lorry and pulls the door down on all four of them, locking it from the outside. “Others?”
“Oh, this is getting interesting,” Moran said, settling back in the chair across from Sherlock, swirling his vodka in the glass. “Go on then. What kind of a man am I?”
Shifting the boxes is difficult and the ceiling in the cupboard is low. He feels like he's been at it for an hour when Mrs. Hudson startles him by coming up behind him and bellowing his name.
He does feel calmer when he emerges, though still unsettled by how easily he had lost his equilibrium. John is concerned too, sitting beside him on the sofa and leaning into his side, the pressure of his body warm and reassuring.
He hoped Mycroft had gotten his message, and had been able to figure out where he was. If not, then no one was coming from him. He assumed Moran or one of his men needed to talk to him, otherwise he’d be dead already. But whatever they wanted, he didn’t plan on giving it to them, so his life expectancy in captivity was likely limited.
“John,” Victor says weakly. “I’m terribly sorry to disturb you, but I didn’t know where else to go.”
The second moment of doubt, much worse, had come as Sherlock was lying on the pavement, soaked, with John Watson’s fingers groping for a pulse that Sherlock has made certain he will not find. Hearing John’s cries, feeling John’s trembling hands on his skin, smelling the pain and confusion on him while Sherlock tries to stay as still and limp as death, is so much worse than he’d imagined.
"John," Sherlock says in what he hopes is a calming tone, for both their sakes. "What are you doing?"
John puts a hand up and caresses the side of Sherlock’s face. “We’ve been jealous and insecure and angry with each other,” he whispers ferociously. “We’re not perfect, we never will be. But I’m yours, and I’m not going anywhere. This is a promise. I’m sorry if keeping my room made you feel like I wasn’t committed. I am and I always have been. Okay?”
“My wits are always keen,” Sherlock said. He put his hand suddenly to his forehead and inhaled sharply.
“Of course you do, John. I wouldn’t be here today if you didn’t make a difference in the work,” he stated plainly. John felt his eyes widen momentarily at that admission. They never spoke about the incident with the cabbie after John had put a bullet in him and saved Sherlock’s life. Sherlock had steadfastly maintained that he never would have taken that pill, of course, but they both knew the truth. This was simply the first time he had ever come close to actually admitting it.
He knew that it was time to put his past behind him. He did. And some days he did really well with it, but something about this time of year made it impossible for him not to dwell on thoughts and memories of Sherlock Holmes.
“You two are going to be the death of me,” John said, as they made their way to the front door of 221B, and he shuffled the blanket and basket around to get his keys from his pocket to unlock the door. Sherlock got there first, however, and unlocked the door, then set Rosie down who bounded up the stairs. He held the door open for John.
Greg came over at some point a week or two after the funeral. John heard Mrs. Hudson talking to him at the front door, but whatever she said to him was enough to convince the DI to not venture up the stairs. John was grateful. He didn’t want to talk to anyone, but especially not Greg. Greg, who should have believed in Sherlock. He had read in one of the papers that he was facing some inquiries at work due to his associations with Sherlock. He wasn’t sure how he felt about it. On one hand, he had liked Greg and hoped he wouldn’t get in any serious trouble or lose his job over whatever they were saying he did wrong. On the other darker and more bitter hand, he hoped that Greg got a taste of what it felt like to have your entire career, your life, dragged through the mud. He wasn’t proud of it, but it was how he felt.
“Damn, he’s leaving! Let’s go, John!” he instructed as he jumped from his seat and pulled on his coat and scarf hurriedly.
“I’m so sorry, I have to go. Can we, um, reschedule?” he asked, and she shook her head in astonishment. This wasn’t the first date that John had cut short with her, and he knew leaving now would be the end of all this.
He finally managed to make his stiff fingers bend properly to unlock the door and made his way into the warmer and significantly drier foyer. He pulled off his coat and soaked scarf and hung them on their usual hooks, then made his way up the stairs. The open door at the top of the stairs was a surprise. Perhaps Mrs. Hudson had gotten a bee in her bonnet about the state of the flat when she had come up earlier and was cleaning.
Again her eyebrows shot up. “‘Can’t complain?’” she teased, and Sherlock huffed. She smiled. “How’s John?” she asked after a moment passed in silence.
“I was going to go out for dinner and thought you might be interested in joining me,” he replied, leaving out that the reason to go out for dinner was so the smell had time to leave the flat. He didn’t need to tell her. It was obvious she already knew.
He put the leash on the hook by the door, then tugged off his gloves and scarf and coat before placing them on their respective hooks, as well.
John stared at his ceiling for a long time, not listening for any noises downstairs because he didn’t know if he wanted Sherlock to stay that night or go back to wherever he had been. He felt unmoored as his thoughts drifted from one thing to another and he was unable to latch onto any thought for longer than a few moments.
“Now the interesting questions are why you’re thinking about sex. That’s easy. You’re a very physical man with an abundant sexual appetite. You haven’t been with anyone in...three months. You’re not desperate for it, but you are craving it.”
“Your therapist is wrong, by the way,” that snake in the grass voice called after him, and John whipped around to stare at him.
He turned his hand in Sherlock’s, pressing their palms together and threading his short fingers through Sherlock’s longer ones. The man looked up at him with his silver eyes for the first time since he touched John’s hand and John’s heart leapt at the eye contact.
He was spooning sugar in the second teacup before he realized what he was doing. A little over 24 hours and he was already falling into old patterns. He shook his head at himself, but lifted the cup and took it into the living room anyway. He placed Sherlock’s cup down on the table and sat down in his armchair to watch Sherlock.
There was the murmur of movement, bodies shifting against the fabric of the chairs in front of the fireplace, then Alex’s voice returned.
John’s blue eyes were watching him carefully. The doctor knew he was being deduced, and he was letting it happen. Sherlock wasn’t sure how he felt about that, either. Instead of confronting Sherlock about it, as he would sometimes do just for the drama of it Sherlock thought, he saw John take in the state of the clean table and floor, the freshly washed dishes that were still dripping onto the towel under the drying rack, and he watched as his brows arched up.
“We’re both clean. I know you just had a panel done,” Sherlock confessed, and John laughed against him again.
The rough voice of the singer came back, reiterating the chorus of the song, and John’s voice once again joined his. John had a surprisingly lovely singing voice and Sherlock closed his eyes as he concentrated on memorizing the sound of his sure tenor as he sang along. Whatever this moment was, Sherlock was committing it all to his mind palace. He wasn’t sure what John’s intentions were, but he knew that he would revisit this moment for the rest of his life as one of his favorite memories.
"Single man, size 9 shoe with a worn instep. Trainers, so he's out for a walk in the snow, obviously. Now, the dog. Younger, and recently injured judging by the drag of front left paw, but probably not in pain. A smaller dog, see how light the prints go into the snow? At least two colors in fur, you can see the fur that came out right here in this print. Probably out on their morning walk to the closest park."
“Well, I am a grown-up,” John said, walking backward to keep an eye on Sherlock as he went towards Rosie.
purpose. It was a lovely symbiotic relationship they had developed. John needed Sherlock in his life, and Sherlock had just admitted that he needed John. It was a heady feeling knowing that Sherlock placed that kind of value on his presence in his life.
John seemed interested in the flat, despite his comment on the mess. Sherlock started sorting out papers and shoving them into neater piles. He could be tidier if he needed to be.
The sounds of John puttering about in the kitchen fell into silence and he laid there for several more minutes before he pushed himself up and off the bed. He shoved off his sleep trousers and pants, letting the cool air in the room dry his skin. He yanked his sheet off his bed since it would need to be washed anyway and wrapped it around his shoulders. There was no point in getting his dressing gown dirty, after all. With his sheet wrapped carelessly around him, he threw open his door and nearly walked right into John who, for some unknown reason, stood at his door with his hand half-raised to knock on the now open door.
John whistled and Joy ran over to him, leaving the rest of the biscuits. His whistle drew Mrs. Hudson’s attention, but he was watching Sherlock, who seemed to be ignoring them, except that John noticed the tensing of his shoulders which betrayed him.
It didn’t matter what Sherlock had done, not really. It didn’t matter that Sherlock knew how John felt and didn’t feel the same way. Sherlock still cared for him, it was obvious in every action he had taken that led to this point, and John made the decision that that would be enough. He would accept what Sherlock could give him and not ask for more.
Sherlock had been home with Rosie all day and when he walked in after his shift to see the two of them camped inside a blanket fort they had created he couldn’t help the swell of affection and sentiment that rose in his chest and lodged in his heart.
Sherlock spun to face him so quickly from where he had just tossed his coat on the leather sofa that his curls bounced across his forehead.
“I asked because I was thinking about Christmas. It kind of snuck up on me after everything, and it’s soon. I thought you might like to see if anyone had plans or wanted you to visit. It’s just Joy and me this year and we don’t have any plans beyond the takeaway I’ll order if Mrs. Hudson doesn’t ‘accidentally’ cook up a whole meal for the freezer, which she likely will, despite going to her sister’s for the holiday and not needing to cook.”
Chest tight, he pressed the heels of his palms hard into his eyes, until he saw bursts of lights and color behind the closed lids. He threw his legs down off the chair and quickly kicked off his shoes then peeled off his socks, tossing them to the floor before standing and walking into his bedroom.
He rubbed his hands roughly over his face. It didn’t bear thinking about. He wasn’t too late. He had managed to subdue the suspect. He had wanted to put a bullet in him, but somehow he controlled that baser instinct and found a way for them all to leave alive.
John tossed his pillow and duvet down and finished getting ready for bed. After brushing his teeth he came back to the couch, placing his pillow exactly so before he laid down and pulled his duvet around him. Shifting his body to a more comfortable position, he frowned as he caught sight of the still barely decorated tree. He hadn’t bothered bringing down the box of ornaments that he and Sherlock had used their first and last Christmas together. He hadn’t used them last year, either. They were all Sherlock’s, anyway. Ornaments from his youth, Sherlock had told him, that his mother had given him the day he moved out. John had been impressed that he had managed to hold on to them considering Sherlock’s past. He had briefly considered contacting Mycroft for him to collect them when he had found the box the year before, but quickly decided against it. The slimy bastard would likely have binned them, and John couldn’t stand the thought of Sherlock’s belongings being lost or destroyed.
A sigh gusted out of him as he stared up at the white expanse of the ceiling above him and willed away the images of men and dogs on the scent, of the feel of leather and metal cutting through his flesh. The images had been deleted several times, but they kept coming back like a virus he couldn’t clear away. It kept leaving an invisible code he couldn’t track down. His heart rate was elevated and thumping a strong rhythm in his chest. John couldn’t see him like this. As a man who suffered from his own nightmares, he would know that something was wrong, and this was something they never talked about. They had promised no more secrets when Sherlock had come back from the dead, but this was one Sherlock didn’t think he would ever be ready to reveal. And he didn’t think John would mind because John held the demons of his own past close to his chest. He’d need to take another shower to feel clean again.
It kind of figured that his dog would get attached to Sherlock as quickly as she did. There was something about the man that just engendered instant loyalty, though John was aware that he was somewhat singular in that when it came to Sherlock. Yes, he was a difficult man. John would never disagree on that. But he was a good man, even though he often made a conscious effort to ensure no one ever saw that side. John saw it, though. Even now, on the opposite side of one of the most hurtful and painful experiences he’d ever gone through; he saw that Sherlock was a good man.
John’s brows shot up at his abrupt appearance. Sherlock didn’t miss the way his gaze quickly traveled down his sheet-clad body and hovered at his groin before shooting back up to his face, the pupils blown wide and dark in his blue eyes. His arm fell to his side a moment later as he realized he wouldn’t need to knock.
“What?” John asked, blinking out of his memories before he reached for the cup with a smile. His fingers brushed Sherlock’s, as they always did during the exchange of cups of tea, and as always it sent a small thrill down John’s spine. He smiled his thanks as Sherlock settled onto the opposite side of the couch. “Oh, er. I was just thinking about the first time I heard you sing that song to Rosie,” he confessed.
Sherlock sniffed delicately, a large hand coming up to flick invisible lint, or muffin crumbs, from his shirt front.
When they were seated at a small table in the cafe, coffees in hand, and a blueberry muffin in front of Molly, Sherlock considered how impossible this would have been before he fell. There were many regrets in the decision he had made to fall, and the consequences of them had been severe in both expected and unexpected ways, but this was one thing that was better than before. He could consider Molly a friend, and she could do the same. They spoke about nothing in particular while Molly picked at her muffin.
John stepped back and then stepped out of his trousers and socks. He pushed his pants down and off as well, his cock springing free proudly. He approached the bed again as Sherlock watched him from where he was laying back, propped up on his elbows, his tongue darting out to moisten his lips. John stepped between his legs as they hung over the edge of the bed and thumbed open the button of Sherlock’s trousers, then unzipped them. Sherlock’s eyes were heavy-lidded as John requested silent permission to remove them, and Sherlock lifted his hips in response. John hooked his fingers in the trousers and the silk black pants, pulling them slowly off and tossing them on the floor. He lifted Sherlock’s legs one at a time and peeled off his socks, as well.
He slowly removed his fingers, then, and went up Sherlock’s body to kiss him. Sherlock met him halfway and they shared a kiss filled with less heat than before, but no less passionate.
John choked out a cough, desperately waving the kitchen towel at the writhing mass of tendrils that stunk of burnt brussel sprouts and garlic. He took some small comfort in the fact that Sherlock’s experiments had tended to smell far worse, but it wasn’t much. Once he got the pan out of the oven, he tossed the whole mess in the sink, then crossed the flat to throw open the windows and breathe in the fresh(er) air of London.
Sherlock had explained his deductions about John that he had made when they first met while in the taxi, and John had been astonished. “Amazing” he had told him, and Sherlock seemed shocked at the praise. John reiterated that it was extraordinary. Sherlock was extraordinary. John had contributed nothing of note at the crime scene, and judging by the way Sherlock had taken off without him, the self-proclaimed consulting detective agreed. He had no idea why he was there, what he was meant to have done, then he was forced to wander around Lauriston Gardens as he tried to find a taxi.
“Yeah, fine, idiotic question,” John agreed, pushing to stand on his feet and carefully fixing his shirt, aware of Sherlock’s eyes on him and the accompanying smirk on his face.
“For one thing, you’re sweating and your hair is a mess from running,” he informed him, and Sherlock’s free hand flew up subconsciously to his hair, fluffing it out, which did nothing for the disarray. Not that that detracted from the overall effect.
And there it was. Out in the open to be dissected, accepted, or rejected. Sentiment, but so much more than that, really. Cherished, adored, treasured. Loved. Sherlock loved him, and now John knew.
“Well, I’m sure you can reschedule for another lunch date,” Sherlock replied and the words felt like broken glass on his tongue.
He had been under the too-hot cascade of the shower for several minutes, just letting the water wash the torrent of emotions that had assaulted him for the last several hours down the drain, when he heard the door open, then shut again.
John didn’t feel like talking much, after that, and after a couple of minutes of silent contemplation, he turned and made his way back home.
He was as tall as himself, perhaps a touch shorter, and more muscular. Dark auburn hair was clean and worn short to his scalp, eyes were sharp and a bright blue, and his hands bore the marks of a man familiar with a scalpel. A doctor, then. Surgeon. His clothes were new and clearly tailored to fit him to enhance his features. And he was gay.
“I won’t be taking the room, so that money would hardly be a good investment,” John bit back. His hand tightened so hard on his cane at the insult of being offered to be paid off to spy on someone that his knuckles cracked.
Sherlock grabbed his hand, leading him through the kitchen and into his bedroom at the end of the hallway. When they entered the bedroom, Sherlock turned and pressed him into the wall beside the open door, one strong thigh pushing between his legs and John groaned at the contact as Sherlock pressed open mouth kisses into his neck.
When he opened his eyes again, he couldn’t say that he was surprised to see Sherlock standing in the room across from him. He was in one of his bespoke suits and John couldn’t help noticing that it wasn’t as fitted as it had once been. He was still as breathtaking as he had ever been, but the jacket was just a touch to large, the buttons of the white silk shirt he wore weren’t stressed at how fitted they were to his broad chest. It was all further proof of their time apart and John hated it. He wanted Sherlock to fit those suits properly again. If that meant feeding the man sweets and making risottos and dinners at Angelo’s for the heaviest pasta dishes the man could make, then he would gladly do so.
He picked up his string of deductions, and when the DI couldn’t produce the woman’s suitcase, he was frustrated. There had to be a suitcase! If they didn’t have it, then who did? It had to be…
John stared at him for another moment before he blinked and seemed to come back to himself, and Sherlock was secretly pleased to see John’s cheeks flushed pink as well. The doctor cleared his throat before he met Sherlock’s eyes.
“Well then. You should head back and pack up. If you hurry up you could be ready to move in by tonight.”
“It’s true he was a bad cabbie. You should have seen the route he took to get us here,” Sherlock agreed with a soft chuckle and John responded with his own, admittedly, inappropriate giggle.
For such a small being, Rosie Watson was able to express her exasperation with a full-body sigh and eye roll that made Sherlock proud and a touch jealous.
Sherlock turned away and made his way quickly back down the stairs, grabbed his coat, and practically flew out onto the pavement. He didn’t realize he had let the door slam close behind him until he was two blocks away.
Mrs. Hudson began talking to John, and he felt a momentary flash of guilt after she pointed out that there was a second bedroom upstairs. Even though he knew the man’s limp was psychosomatic, he could have left the downstairs bedroom for him. He needed to win the doctor over, and having to climb up two sets of stairs just to get to his bedroom was probably not very helpful to his cause.
It turned out that the promise of returning to actually get in the water was more than enough to convince her it was worth going to the cottage to get changed. John quickly picked up the few beach toys he had brought down, and then they were all on their way back.
When Mary and he danced while Sherlock played the song he had composed specifically for them, John couldn’t help the thought that maybe, just maybe, he should end the whole thing now. Have the marriage annulled. He felt guilty for those thoughts, but they were circling his head as he and Mary circled the dance floor. Then Sherlock deduced one more thing than he meant to, and it changed everything.
He wanted to say “I see you, I see what you’ve been doing, I want to see more,” but what came out was “This wine is good,” and John felt like the idiot that Sherlock often accused him of being. What was he doing?
It was a riot of color, but it wasn’t blinding or overbearing. John spun slowly in a circle as he took it all in.
His breathing had steadied once again. His heart no longer crashed against his breastbone. His eyes no longer shed uncontrollable tears, though they still felt red and dry.
Maybe it wasn’t the same coat. He probably went and bought a new one. The hospital wouldn’t let him have it after. John had asked. So, maybe it was the same coat and he had had it drycleaned wherever the fuck he’d been the last two years.
Sherlock dropped his towel on top of the dirty sheet and walked to the bedroom nude. He’d wash them later. Maybe if he was lucky Mrs. Hudson would take it upon herself to not be their housekeeper and do the laundry anyway.
“No, I’m sorry. I don’t know what’s come over me. Probably just tired.” Sherlock tried to laugh at himself, but it came out far closer to a sob than a laugh and by the look on John’s face he wasn’t buying anything Sherlock was selling anyway.
When he made it back to the kitchen he saw that Sherlock had already plated the food, and it all looked as wonderful as it smelled. There was fluffy basmati rice, chicken tikka masala with its rich burnt orange sauce, and what looked like homemade naan. John looked up at Sherlock as he stood behind his chair. Sherlock was pouring a deep red wine into each of their glasses, but he felt John’s eyes on him and met his gaze.
When John left for his shift at the clinic that morning it was to the music of the violin and when he returned that evening he was welcomed home by that same music. John didn’t bother to hide the small smile that pulled at his mouth as he walked into the flat. He supposed Sherlock hadn’t had much time for playing. His violin had been here while he was away, for one thing, and from what he had described of his time destroying Moriarity’s web, it wasn’t exactly ideal music-playing conditions. Artistic expression had been understandably diminished. He must have missed it and John could understand if he wanted to play for hours on end.
He forced his feet forward, ignoring the strange twist in his chest at the sight of his dog completely comfortable and relaxed on the man that had once held John’s heart in his hands without knowing it. John also ignored that he very much still held it in his hands, still unknowingly, and he didn’t imagine that would ever change. John didn’t think he could let himself let it change.
“It’s nothing. Go to sleep, Sherlock,” he murmured before he placed a kiss against the back of his neck.
His eyes peeked up at Sherlock, and he found that the man was watching him, those iridescent eyes that seem to see everything locked on him.
It was that man who stole Sherlock’s attention. Gold hair glinted in the rare London sunshine even through the grainy resolution of the old photo. There was a large grass stain on the upper chest of his rugby shirt, dried mud was caked into his exposed knees, and a large bruise that was healing when the photo was taken was just visible on his muscular right thigh where he must have taken a hit in a previous game. The man wasn’t fully turned towards the camera, however. His face was half-turned towards his client, his eyes clearly on him, as he stood close to Mr. Campbell with his arm wrapped around him. His hand rested possessively on his hip and they were leaning into each other comfortably.
John shook his head at his friend. “Fine, we can have ice cream and lunch, then go down to the beach,” he said with a smile.
“Throwing that bowling ball was both impressive and quite possibly more terrifying than you shooting bullets at the walls. I’m so glad we got rid of that thing.”
Their domestic soundtrack kicked in as John went about the kitchen in the familiar dance of tea making. Sherlock stood there for a few moments, just listening before he forced himself into motion. He went to the fire, stoked the flames back into life, then settled into his chair. John came in with a tea for each of them a few minutes later, then settled into his chair across from Sherlock. They each took a silent sip of their tea as they watched each other. Sherlock waited patiently. He could be incredibly patient when he needed to be, and the tension in John’s shoulders indicated he would need to be patient until John took the five minutes needed to finish his tea. He sipped from his own cup while he waited.
Coffee between co-workers, then. John didn’t think he wanted to count it as yet another failed date.
Once Mrs. Hudson was happy with his fried eggs, she moved him on to other preparations. Perfectly scrambled eggs, hard-boiled, soft-boiled, omelets with fresh mushrooms and diced peppers, egg in a hole. John didn’t think he realized there were so many different ways to make eggs, but he found that he enjoyed all of them.
John took a deep breath. Well, he told Sherlock about the man. That was all he could do. Sherlock didn’t appear surprised or concerned about him, and John wasn’t his keeper, so best to move along to the next order of business.
It was all so painfully familiar and strange at the same time. The line of his back, the shape of his arms as he held the violin and manipulated the bow, the way his curls swayed, sweeping along the collar of his dressing gown as proof that they were just a touch longer than before. It was everything he had missed and John’s chest was tight and his stomach twisted in knots.
He leaned forward and pressed a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s lips in an attempt to convey every joyful and blissful thought in his head and heart. Sherlock sighed into the kiss before pulling away and turning so his back pressed into John’s chest.
Oh, so that’s how this was going to be played? John felt his shoulders draw down and squared up, his back straightening in an instinct born of years in the military and an unwillingness to back down to bullies
Sherlock finally opened his eyes and turned to look at John with eyes that shone blue in the lights that sparkled from the tree in the corner of the room.
Sherlock was about to reply with some snarky response, though he wasn’t sure why or for what reason he was being defensive, but a sneeze stole over him and exploded out before he could hold it back.
He pulled on his own swimwear, then tossed on a vest and grabbed two beach towels before he went back down to prepare them a picnic lunch.
That feeling was what he needed. That feeling of being full and possessed and wanted by another. He needed Sherlock in him the way he needed oxygen. Sherlock waited as patiently as he could for John to take the lead. His large hands had shifted from his thighs to his hips, fingers splayed wide and digging gently into the flesh there. John stared down at him and carefully pulled himself up before pushing back down and both men gasped at the sensation. Sherlock’s fingers tightened and John rolled his hips again before he gradually built up a rhythm.
At that she actually looked at him for a moment, a smirk crossing her lovely face, and that was all John needed to know that her boss probably already knew he would be going there before he even got in the car. John looked away from her and out through the window to take in the passing streets of the city.
“That you across the way, then?” John asked with a nod of his head toward the door across the hallway.
Their relationship had probably been a strange thing to behold to everyone else in the world, but there was no denying the chemistry between them. John had taken an instant liking to him, something that he hadn’t done since he had first met James Sholto in the Army. Honestly, it was something he never imagined would happen again. But Sherlock changed everything, hadn’t he?
, John thought. He wasn’t sure he would be able to survive fucking Sherlock Holmes if this was what it was like.
He uncrossed his legs and rose gracefully from his chair. Stuck his hands in his trouser pockets because he wasn’t sure what else to do with them.
“What’s to talk about? We went to university together. He’s a surgeon. We were friends. You’re the great detective, surely you figured all of that out,” John retorted tetchily.
He grabbed the duvet from the floor before he climbed into the bed and pulled it over them. Sherlock turned to face him with an impish grin.
John looked over at his date and felt a momentary flash of guilt. He was going with Sherlock. It was obvious to everyone in the room, and she was staring at him with an incredulous look on her face as he went to grab his jacket.
“No, a different ex. An ex from before we met. From university. They’re out having lunch now,” Sherlock explained and Molly frowned.
Sherlock remained quiet and invited John to continue with whatever he was going to say with a “carry on” gesture with one hand.
John laughed. That wasn’t what he was expecting at all. “First girlfriend? Sixteen. Rebecca Stewart.”
John put up a placating hand. “No, of course I know that. I know. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for you to feel like I thought you would do that.”
John was giving him the space that he needed, that John knew he would need, to process everything. It was just one of the many things that Sherlock loved about John.
John was fuming as he climbed the seventeen steps to 221B after his conversation, if it could be called that, with that slimy bastard Mycroft.
When he finally did and made it into the kitchen, he found Sherlock pouring two glasses from the wine bottle they opened at dinner.
“Rosie’s hungry so I’m going to make us a quick lunch. Thought we might head down to the beach after if you like.”
They made their way to Regent’s Park in silence and while it wasn’t as uncomfortable as before, it still held something sharp in it. Sherlock was holding his strides back to John’s, rather out of necessity or consideration, John wasn’t sure. They were several minutes into the walk before Sherlock spoke.
John’s heart beat hard in his chest. Heaven help him, but he loved the man. He tightened his arms around him, and Sherlock shifted against him with a contented hum.
John’s voice was hoarse and quiet as he spoke towards the gates. A shift of air beside him, the rustle of a wool coat, alerted him to the proximity of the man behind him.
“I think you might be right,” he said in an attempt to break whatever train of thought Sherlock was on regarding the interaction with the woman.
John looked into Sherlock’s eyes as his thoughts raced. What would he wish for? What would make this little piece of happiness that he had managed to carve out of his mess of life just that much better? What was he missing, that he desperately wanted, but was terrified to ask for?
“Thanks again, Mrs. Hudson,” John said as he put down his most recent bags of provisions. He had been by several times already to stock up what he could. Beans, boxes of tea, sugar, bread, and so on. Milk. Lots of milk. She had more room, and he made sure to buy enough for 3 people since she allowed him to store things there.
“I think we owe Rosie a trip to the ice cream parlor after her nap,” he murmured, and Sherlock chuckled softly.
“She has you wrapped around that pinky of hers,” John smiled as his laughter ebbed away with the occasional giggle. “I swear she has more success getting you to eat than I ever have.”
“Sure,” she agreed, as she stood up quickly and put down her mug. “There’s a nice little shop just down the street.”
Therefore, it was in his best interest to find his own flatmate and quick. If he didn’t find one, Mycroft would find one for him, which essentially meant Sherlock would have his own live-in spy. Honestly, Sherlock envied lesser minds and those with easier lives. It was an infinitesimally small number of individuals that had to deal with being spied on by their family, and an even smaller number that had the help of an entire developed country and its national security to do so.
“How do I know you’re not the man trying to rob me,” John muttered under his breath, his eyes quickly scanning over the face looking back at him in the camera phone. Dark curls covered the man’s head and sharp, pale colored eyes looked back at him with a hint of amusement in them.
He called as soon as he had signal but could tell by the harried reply of the receptionist that today wasn’t going to be a good day for anyone.
He began asking questions and the man seemed to relax a bit as the minutes passed in a series of questions and thoughtful answers. Sherlock was mildly impressed at the information the man had available to give. At least he wasn’t a complete idiot. It seemed more like he had simply relied on the wrong people to surround himself with in his clinic than anything else.
“To new beginnings?” Sherlock asked, a cautious note in his voice that John didn’t think he had ever heard before.
Sherlock looked up at him, brow arched in question in a gesture so familiar that John almost forgot how to breathe. It was such a simple gesture, so Sherlock, and he had almost forgotten what it looked like. He could hardly believe he got to see it again. He cleared his throat around the lump that had formed there in the swell of unexpected affection.
“Like I said, John makes his own decisions. I’m not forcing him to do anything. And I resent your implication that I am.”
John grins wickedly, despite the usual urge to cringe at their daughter’s full moniker. He reminds himself to be grateful they were able to compromise on something that at least shortened to a social acceptable diminutive, even if the namesake had been undeniably mad, and that he had managed to get his mother’s name in there. Sherlock had originally tried to name her after his favourite poison and element of the periodic table. There wasn’t a lot you could do with Digitalis Antimony, nickname-wise.
“Oh…you’ve got plans?” Sherlock does not usually have plans that on’t involve a case, and they don’t have one on. At least that John knows of.
Sherlock resumes his stroking of John, keeping him where he is, wanting to feel John's orgasm from the inside. He wishes he could see John's face right now, see the brilliance around him that must be like a thousand lighthouses. He resents this loss, even as he appreciates the new facets of the experience. He satisfies himself with John's unguarded sounds of passion, with smelling his musk, now overpowering, and with feeling John's every move; the tense vibration under Sherlock's hand, the contraction within him, the pulse of his testes against Sherlock's loins.
The man is jumpy, nervous, and with good reason. The signs of dealing are everywhere, and it has just dawned on him that Sherlock may very well be an undercover policeman. “What are you doing here?” he demands, with false bravery. “That’s not how this works and you know it.”
Usually, when Sherlock’s away, he uses the time to detoxify the flat, get rid of old experiments in danger of becoming more serious health hazards, and generally prevent the place from drifting into condemnable territory. And it’s also a good chance to spend some time with friends he doesn’t see often.
Sherlock looks pleased, and a little ashamed of it. “Will you come with me, John? Will you help me? It will be very dangerous and we may be gone a long time, but I… would very much appreciate your assistance. And your company.”
“Neither am I,” John tells him. “And she won’t be expecting me. She’s not the only thing that’s incredibly dangerous.”
John steps close to him, close than he would ever normally be in public, practically within the folds of Sherlock's coat.
DON’T YOU TELL ME WHAT’S BETTER. YOU DON’T HAVE THE RIGHT, YOU SELFISH FUCKING CUNT! YOU DON’T GET TO DECIDE WHEN YOU’RE DONE, BECAUSE YOU’RE MINE, REMEMBER? IT’S NOT UP TO YOU ANYMORE. AND I SAY YOU’RE STILL SHERLOCK FUCKING HOLMES WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT. I DON’T CARE IF YOU HAVE TO CRAWL ON YOUR HANDS AND KNEES TO THE NEXT CRIME SCENE. I DON'T CARE IF YOU HAVE TO LEARN TO SOLVE CASES BY SMELL ALONE AND BECOME THE WORLD’S ONLY BLOODY SNIFFING DETECTIVE. I DON’T CARE IF I HAVE TO STAY WITH YOU EVERY SECOND OF EVERY DAY AND BE YOUR EYES AND EARS AND YOUR GUIDE DOG AND YOUR SLAVE. YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO LEAVE AND YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO DIE AND YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO GIVE UP. AND IF I HAVE TO BEAT YOU BLACK AND BLUE TO CONVINCE YOU OF IT, I BLOODY WELL WILL, YOU WRETCHED, HEARTLESS ARSEHOLE.
“Handled, managed! Mycroft, Lestrade, you, Mrs. Hudson. Don’t think I don’t know that you all talk about how to deal with me, how to keep me out of trouble, how to keep me clean. I hear you whispering to each other. ‘Do you think he’ll do it? Better keep an eye on him. Search the flat. He’s being unreasonable. He can’t be trusted.’ You all treat me like a problem child. I know Mycroft has you monitoring me, I know you meet with him when you think I'm not watching. You’re no better than he is!”
“But I…I saw… I felt…That’s not possible.” John felt his anger rising again. “What kind of game are you playing, Mycroft? Because I swear I will kill you if you don’t tell me what is going on right now!”
"Please," she dismisses. "John Watson is as likely to cheat as you are to set fire to a Stradivarius."
“He wasn’t unconscious,” Sherlock said darkly, putting down the violin. “I made sure of it. I wanted him to know what going to happen to him.”
John eyebrows go up. “He seemed to have it together when I met him. I mean there’s been times since when I worried about… but those were isolated incidents. And now he… doesn’t.”
He pauses to kiss along John’s hairline and nape of his neck, biting at an earlobe on his way. He expects John to complain, to squirm, to ask what he is doing, but this does not happen. Instead John lies quietly, content, and says, “Talk to me. Tell me, tell me what you observe.”
There is a sharp intake of breath at his name, and then John says in a voice like a broken radio, "Take me home, Sherlock."
“It was just so you wouldn’t have to be bothered. Just make sure you sign those before you sign the adoption papers, or we’ll have to start all over--”
What matters most is that John is here, in 221B, almost constantly. And if Mary’s here nearly as much, he finds he doesn’t mind it as greatly as he should. Or at least as much as Mycroft snidely implies he should.
He tries to gather himself to continue as if nothing has changed, trying to banish all thoughts unrelated to the task at hand, but it’s too late, she’s already won by inserting herself into both their brains and that can’t be undone.
“Vegan?” Sherlock cuts him off in a snotty and appalled tone. “You mean no meat at all? A man would starve.”
He's just about to break away from her, make up some excuse about having to check in with their superiors or having to use the loo or anything that will let him escape without her immediately turning on him, when he hears a polite cough from behind them.
John smiles to himself and plants a kiss on Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t expect anything, you know. Whatever you want, whatever you need… I’ll understand.”
Lestrade glowers at him furiously for a moment, then snatches the data stick from Sherlock’s hand. “Go on with you, then,” he snaps. “Give your statements and then get out of here.”
“Sebastian Moran,” John repeated. “Croatia. Right.” He went into his room – Sherlock’s room – and Mycroft followed him.
John consciously pulls himself out of his memory, forcing his body to let go, putting his head back down on Sherlock’s chest if only to avoid meeting those wide, curious, clueless eyes. He takes a deep breath. “Then we died.”
“Then you clearly haven’t read my file,” John said, and clubbed him in the back of the head with the gun. He went down instantly, and John rushed over to Sherlock. He cut his bonds and barely caught him as he slid out of the chair, weak and having lost circulation.
John snorts. “Well, at least part of you does, and that part seems like it’s pretty determined to make a case for itself, so you’re going to have to deal with this sooner or later.”
But asking those questions hurts too much so he settles for yelling into the phone, "Fuck off, Greg. And if you don't fuck off, I'll come down to the station and make you fuck off, got it?"
Sherlock locks onto John like a laser beam, but John has turned away again. His mind reels. John has been like this before, this shell, this open wound, this man so far away from the John Sherlock has come to rely on that it is literally dizzying, and it was because of Sherlock. He caused it and he wasn't even there to take John home afterward.
It can’t go on. It does go on. It goes on for a month. John hopes and prays Sherlock will pull out of it, that it’s just a matter of him needing time to recover from Irene’s death and resurrection, from whatever that meant to him. But nothing happens. John lets it continue far too long, even once he knows that if this new status quo is to change he’s going to have to be the one to knock it off balance.
“Chile!” Sherlock swore. He’d been way off on that one. He straightened and said primly, “I would like to speak with him alone as soon as that can be arranged.”
“Besides,” Mycroft adds. “It’s the one place Sherlock wouldn’t be likely to follow you to. It’s not a difficult deduction.”
The second snag was John. Once Sherlock seemed to have been restored to something resembling normal health, John began act in a way that made Sherlock doubt his assessment of the situation. He grew cold. Very cold. He didn’t ignore Sherlock, but he didn’t give him an inch either. He told him the news from while he was gone, made their tea, expressed a wish that they could start working cases soon – all the appropriate gestures.
John takes an elemental pleasure in finally being able to do some of the things he’s tried not to obsess over, simple things like fisting both hands in Sherlock’s impossibly thick hair as Sherlock attempts to taste John’s trachea. Like burying his face in that elegant line where Sherlock’s torso meets his thigh and licking, lower and lower, until Sherlock gasps despite himself, John’s lips wrapped around him and his face buried in a completely different landscape, tangled and dark and glossy.
That stings. John turns abruptly and walks away from him, to the limits of the room, and puts a hand to his temple, staring blankly at the patterned wallpaper before him. “Yes, Sherlock. The only reason I’m here is for the excitement. I put up with all your shite and your moods and your insufferable arrogance just for the fun of it. I don’t care about you at all. Fuck off.”
“She’ll be the only heir to the entire Holmes estate, mine and Mycroft’s. Unless he should take it into his head to have late-in-life offspring. Unlikely. And until then her trusts should cover school, university, several post-graduate degrees, synchronized swimming lessons, tattoos, tattoo removal, a wedding, a divorce, a trip around the world to ‘find herself’ or all of the above. I thought it best to allow for some unpredictability given her parentage.”
“No. I don’t how you got it in your head that this was a even a vaguely acceptable thing to do to a man, but you can get it back out in your own time.” He snatches Rosie, who looks on the verge of an operatic wail, from Mrs. Hudson, and stomps up the stairs. Sherlock stares after him until he disappears, reeling. The registrar flees discreetly.
“I’ll just give you a minute to finish your shower,” Sherlock’s voice cut back through his consciousness, and John lowered his chin and turned his head towards the curtain.
John continued to press into Sherlock’s prostate between fucking his fingers into him, scissoring them and adding his tongue occasionally, until Sherlock was a sweaty, incoherent mess.
Sherlock carefully kept his eyes averted from John as they made their way down the corridor and then down the stairs. There would be no apology, and John shook his head to rid himself of any remaining anger (and arousal) in his system.
Sherlock did as John requested and John watched him as the other man grabbed a pillow and rested his arms and head on it, his arse in the air and presented without shame for him. God, he was beautiful. John simply stared for several moments before Sherlock turned his head to look back at him, a smile on his face and a brow quirked.
Nine months ago, if someone told him he would be in London, he would have laughed. Nine months ago he couldn’t imagine being anywhere but under the blue skies and harsh sun, the velvet night sky with so many stars it could make a person dizzy, the sand and the heat and his comrades in arms surrounding his every moment. Nine months ago, he didn’t have a hole in his shoulder, a tremor in his hand, and a limp that had no physical reason to exist.
“Rosamund Watson, what on earth are you wearing?” Sherlock’s deep, sleep-muddled voice came from the other side of his squirming daughter.
“Don’t lie to me, Sherlock. I heard the door slam. We both did. Plus you left your scarf on the hook, and you definitely had that when you left before.”
A large, warm hand enclosed over his bicep, and John felt his pulse quicken at the simple touch. A gentle tug and John abandoned his cleaning, knowing already that he was going with Sherlock, and that all of his consternation was only for show. They both knew it. He glanced at his date, her face now switching to affronted disbelief. He was left apologizing quickly over his shoulder as Sherlock practically dragged him down the stairs and out of the cinema.
“Indeed,” Sherlock replied, then fell silent. John watched him for a moment, then went to the fridge to find salad dressing.
Then he unpacked his laptop and charging cord and set them up on a little desk that was set up in the room. He plugged in the laptop and powered it on, then straightened up with a sigh.
She wouldn’t just go and decorate on her own, though. She was determined that John be a part of the process, and as such, she had taken to venturing up several times a day, whenever John was in the flat, and staring at the tree disparagingly.
Their return home was filled with some interesting adjustments to life in London and the flat in 221B Baker Street. They still needed two bedrooms, but there had been an internal shuffling around as John eventually moved into the downstairs bedroom and Rosie took up sole residence of the upper. All in all, it was a rather easy transition moving from friends to lovers. Sherlock still sulked and John took walks with Rosie when he needed air, and they both drank ridiculous amounts of tea. There were cases and clinic hours and Rosie’s wants and needs to be attended to. The day-to-day remained very similar to before. Except for the brush of lips when tea was passed, or a curly head laying in a lap when watching a film on the sofa, or no one claiming that a candle wouldn’t be necessary when they went out for dinner. On actual date nights.
Mouths opened and tongues explored recklessly after a clash of teeth. It was messy and hungry and Sherlock wanted more. John tasted of tea and milk, smelled of his woolen jumpers, and the hint of the oil he used to clean his gun, and Sherlock was surrounded by him as John moved his hands from his jacket to wrap around his back, and pulled him in until their bodies were flush together.
“Sherlock, they were out of those biscuits you like so I got,” John had begun, but then stopped as he walked out of the kitchen and took in the appearance of the other man sitting on a chair in their living room. He nearly dropped the package of biscuits he held in his hand as his eyes widened. “Alex?” John asked in quiet disbelief and Sherlock watched as John’s features quickly shifted through a myriad of emotions that he couldn’t quite track.
It was a beautiful afternoon, one of those rare early spring days where the sky was blue and nearly cloudless. The chill of winter was on its way out, at least today, and the weather felt crisp instead of freezing. A perfect day for a lovely afternoon date. John was optimistic about this one.
He pushes himself off the door and meets Sherlock’s mouth in a kiss as they attempt to navigate their flat to the closest bedroom, Sherlock’s, without detaching. They don’t make it far before John knocks his foot into a table, sending newspapers scattering to the floor, and he pulls back from the kiss with a swear for his aching toes. Their eyes meet and John can’t help the bubble of laughter that rises out of him as he clutches his foot while standing on the other, and then they’re both laughing.
“Everything. Anything. I’m yours,” John promised, and Sherlock had to close his eyes against the sincerity in his voice, in his midnight eyes.
“No, Daddy kisses for ‘Lock!” she explained with the patience of a 3-year-old dealing with slow adults, and John rolled his eyes. He stepped closer to his friend and rose to his toes to kiss his friend’s cheek. John tried to not focus on how Sherlock’s skin felt under his lips, or the way his hair smelled of the expensive honey conditioner he used. Rosie squealed in delight as he finally did what she wanted, and he forced all his attention on her, trying to ignore the way he noticed Sherlock’s cheeks flush up a lovely pink at the kiss.
Later, when he was washing the gunpowder residue from his hands, he reflected on the circumstances that had brought him to the point that on a daily basis he carried an illegal firearm with him. Reflected on the circumstances that led to today, and that he was grateful he did because he would kill to protect Sherlock Holmes. Without guilt or hesitation.
“Well, you’d know. Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don’t think you’d serve time for this, but let’s avoid the court case. Are you alright?” he asked and John glanced away before looking at him again.
The door opened up into a delightfully warmer climate than it had revealed the past three days, as well as the sharp scent of fresh evergreen garlands. It appeared that the wreath that had decorated his door wasn’t the only addition that Mrs. Hudson had made to the flat while he was out.
It had been an impulse decision to wander into the church. He wasn’t sure what drew him in. Perhaps the bells ringing, or the sight of the large stone facade. It sparked a flame of nostalgia in him, and he made his way inside without conscious thought.
She carefully opened her hand and revealed a small snail clutched carefully in her hand. The shell was banded white and brown and the snail itself was currently nowhere to be seen, apparently having retreated into the shell during its rather abrupt transport to the kitchen by a three-year-old.
They sat in a somewhat comfortable silence as they waited for Angelo to return with the wine, which he did after a minute or so. He poured them both a glass with an impressive flourish and then left them alone with a wink and a sly grin. John bit back his groan at that. He hadn’t exactly missed the innuendos, but there was nothing to be done.
John pulls Sherlock’s mouth back down to his and this time the kiss is more gentle, more exploratory, a caress of lips and slide of slick tongues. There was no rushing this kiss. It was an acceptance of what was happening between them, their bodies pressing tightly together, hands lightly exploring the other.
It took another 30 minutes before they finally managed to leave the cottage and make their way back to the beach. There were a few small families there when they arrived and they found an empty spot somewhat away from the others. Sherlock set up their umbrella while John did their blanket and Rosie upended the bag of her beach toys. Sherlock rounded her up and John grinned as Sherlock tried to keep her in one place long enough to actually apply sunblock. He took mercy on him halfway through and they tackled her together, John working the sunblock onto her legs while Sherlock did her face.
Rosie was singing a song to herself, her high pitched voice drifting over to them as she tried to recite all the words to some song John had once caught Sherlock singing to her when he came home from work early.
The irony of replacing dead things with freshly dead things to commemorate a dead person wasn’t lost on him and he thought Sherlock would appreciate that if nothing else. John knew the flowers were more for him than for Sherlock, a way for him to process his grief at losing his friend, but he still made an effort to pick flowers that he thought Sherlock would have enjoyed.
