And what else was there to say to that, to the promise of forever when such a short time ago hope itself had turned to dust?
Tony expected Barnes to follow as he always did. Instead, he glared at the departing figure of his friend and then approached Dummy, reaching a hand out to stroke one of the bot’s struts. Instead of ignoring him or running over one of his toes or something, Dummy replied with one of his happiest beeps, a trilling sound Tony had never once heard him direct at anyone other than himself.
"Am I honestly trying to decide whether we screwed up the fate of the world for a second time based on Cap’s facial hair?" Or: the Tower receives an unexpected visitor.
Pepper paced the entrance to Avengers Tower until one of the security guards on duty, a twenty-something army vet named Henry who had been invalided out after an injury to his left leg, came out to gently inquire if she was actually going to enter the building or not.
“If it helps,” Steve offered, “it was a terrible metaphor.”
Coulson’s hands found Steve’s, cradling the battered knuckles and scraped palms without pressure or judgement. And he waited. Steve had been the one to call for radio silence, so only Steve would end it. (He loved Coulson and hated him in almost equal measures in moments like this.)
by her, certainly not to the degree she’d exhibited tonight. After a long day of parading around in someone else’s life it was like having a thick layer of clown make-up suddenly wiped away. “Can we…would you maybe want to date and then scene if that goes well sometime in the next few days?”
Masdee, however, was not cross-trained. She was a born cat-9 Dominant who was unused to needing to prevent her extremely powerful Dominance from being woven into her praise. And even if Talia knew from briefing packets that this might be the case, it was an entirely different thing to encounter it in person. Steve was sure the only reason she wasn’t already screaming at the General was the control and stability that her recent weekend session had given her.
, Steve. I thought I was going to die, and he didn’t spank me or cut me or humiliate me or anything! Most of what he did was fucking talking! I mean, what the fuck?”
Tony had  diagnosed a few weeks ago, after his innocent question about Sam’s whereabouts had prompted a lengthy explanation on Steve’s part. He'd been ashamed, then, to realize just how right Tony was, how small everyone (but especially Steve) had let their social circles get. It was easy to be encompassed by a relationship as large and complicated as theirs was, but none of them had ever intended for it to be all they had.
“Smooth.”
Impulsively, he dropped a kiss onto Aunt May’s cheek on his way into the apartment. He even invited her out for dinner, knowing how much she hated cooking after a long shift, but she shook her head.
“Kid, really, I’m in no hurry to go anywhere anytime soon. I promise that I’m not fucking around with safety measures. I spend my days surrounded by the most highly trained spies and specialists in the world, and then I come home to Earth’s Mightiest Heroes. What better protection could I ask for, huh?”
“…yeah okay. That’s fair. Maybe at first I didn’t know either. I just knew it…you, were important. What I’ve come to realize over the past little while is that I’ve been fighting against things for a very long time. Loki, HYDRA, hell, my own damn body was the enemy for a long time there. It’s just been a long time since I really felt like I was fighting for something.  Tony told me, you know. That you could have been an Avenger years back. That you turned it down so that you could still be a kid, and because your neighbourhood deserved help on a smaller scale than someone like the Avengers could give it. That’s…way more sense than I ever showed at your age. Maybe even ever if you listen to Buck. So I thought maybe, if you’d let me, I could fight for you?”
“You don’t gotta convince me, man. Fuck that’s gorgeous.” Clint had made his way into the living room to stare hungrily down at Tony, whose lazy gaze finally found his. The smile he gave Clint when he finally registered his presence was wide and toothy, and Clint grinned back. “Hey there, sugar cookie. Aren’t you so sweet, hmm? You bein’ a good boy for Bruce?” Tony ducked his head, hiding his face against Bruce’s leg as both Dominants chuckled. The rest of the team was in motion, assembling food and drinks and blankets and anything else Tony could conceivably want.
“You’re not just Iron Man,” she breathed, and at least her voice was close to a whisper, so Tony was going to go ahead and take the win. “You’re going to the Director of SHIELD, it’s on all the chatboards. Am I in trouble?”
Ah, emotions. I knew we would arrive here eventually. I suppose I have had a break from these types of inquiries as of late, so I shall answer with good grace.
The relative ease of its delivery didn’t mean that this backstory had been an uncomplicated one for all of them to agree on. Several members of the team had favoured introducing Tony as an alternate universe version of himself, sticking closer to the truth and omitting only the fact that he didn’t share their orientations. Legally, though, this put Tony’s ability to gain control over SI, as well as Mark II’s finances and other resources, in a way murkier position than it already was. Plus this option involved confirming that there were alternate universes in the first place; even Cap, who still tended to avoid lying whenever possible even as head of SHIELD, admitted this had the potential to cause massive global security problems down the road. And while the notion of sticking to something resembling the truth of his presence here had initially been appealing to Tony, this story would have effectively meant having to invent and learn to convincingly perform a
Well, sneaking out might be a bit of an exaggeration. They don’t actually go far at all. While Peter had been tempted by the option of truly getting away from all things superhero, the simple fact is that there’s not a lot around the compound by design, and neither of them want to get drunk in the middle of nowhere and then have to either drive drunk (which, no) or sleep in the middle of nowhere. Eventually, they make their way into one of the on-site storage facilities. Before the battle against Thanos, Peter knew the space had housed old Stark Industries equipment. Tony had made a couple of comments during the mock internship about showing Peter around the place sometime. Now, it appeared, the building had been rebuilt before anyone realized it no longer had a purpose. Without Tony around, there were no real ties between SI and the Avengers, and therefore no need for the company to store material near the compound.
The deceased Tony Stark was a category 1 submissive. And a category 10 dick (though apparently I’m not supposed to vocalize such thoughts about a dead person.)
“Even the air is enough to make ‘em sting right now, but Bucky knows his limits. Go ahead if you want to.” Tony made a few steps toward the super-soldier, but couldn’t quite convince his hand it was safe or appropriate to bridge the last of the distance between them until Clint slid in behind him, interlaced his fingers with Tony’s, and pressed them to Barnes’ back. The skin was warm to the touch, whether from the whipping or a side-effect of the serum (or both). Whatever oil Clint had used caused their fingers to slip easily over the welted spots, but from the way Barnes hissed and whimpered it still hurt like hell.
“Tell him I’m sorry.”
“I think we need to go back further than we thought.”
“I’m going to need more information,” he said cautiously. Thor shook his head, his eyes downcast. “Thor. You’re putting yourself in my hands, yes?”
“It’s mostly a ‘in a polyamorous relationship with seve—six of the most complicated and emotionally constipated people in the world’ thing, actually. We learned early that we were going to rise and fall on being able to use our damn words. But I guess it’s maybe a bit of an orientation thing too; risk-aware, consensual kink, the only kind any of us want to practice, it’s ninety percent negotiation and ten percent execution.” There’s a fraught silence, and then Bruce’s knee nudges Tony’s. “Is the whole deflection thing you-specific, or some kind of symptom of your universe?”
This is an interesting and complicated question. In some ways, this is a kind of open secret that everyone realizes, because how could they not on some level be aware that Tony, already an insecure person, likely struggles with living so literally in the shadow of his former self.
“No. I thought it would be. When he got here I stayed away from him as long as I could, and then even when I let us become friends I tried like hell not to love him. But he’s his own man, and what we’ve built with him is fundamentally different from what we had with the other Tony. They were both wonderful, but…yeah, really different.” Sam nodded, then leaned down to pick up a pale pink seashell up off the beach. When he caught Steve looking, Sam shrugged. “Alex likes 'em.”
Whether Steve somehow picked up on that, or for some other reason entirely, his eyes widened and his lips parted slightly.
“Sounds…floofy.” This was not, perhaps, Tony’s most precise or scientific assessment. He was somewhat distracted by twinned and wholly opposing desires to push Bruce away and fold himself into something small that Bruce could wholly encompass.
Coulson didn’t ask who ‘he’ was, nor did he attempt to lecture or persuade. But his lips tightened and his breath became shaky and shallow, and when Steve finally dared to look, he found the man staring back at him with a disappointment Steve had never witnessed before. The dual blow of letting down his handler and his partner was almost too much. He didn’t risk looking up again until the landing pad had been entirely emptied of people.
have to lose you in the field…you honestly think I could hear that and feel anything but fucking elated?”
To say it was rare for an un-enhanced person to be able to sneak up on Peter these days would be wildly understating things. He nearly jumped out of his skin, then spent close to a minute looking between the girl leaning laconically against a locker in front of him, and the door that served as the only connection between the library and the rest of the school. There was no way she had beat him to that door, yet there was no other explanation for how she could have been cooly awaiting his arrival.
Your gratitude is much appreciated. While I am unable to share all of the events that landed the so-called MCU Tony in the D/s universe, this glimpse should prove to be particularly enlightening.
No content notes I can think of here, beyond very broad allusions to both Natasha and Bucky's past traumas.
“Are you done?” he bit out, hands on his hips. Dummy made an exasperated noise of his own, then rammed into Tony from behind so that he fell facefirst on the couch next to Steve. “Oof. Dummy, what the
ready. Any more than this right now and we risk overwhelming him and making him reject aftercare altogether next time. You made the right call.” He steered them, not to the elevator or the stairs, but back to the bedroom in which they’d spent the majority of the last two days. Her sheets still smelled like sex and Tony and a little bit like sugar (Tony had eaten way too many of the pixi-stix Thor had brought him on his first day here), and she fell gratefully into them face-first. Bruce paused only to strip off his shirt before joining her. His chest was warm and delightfully fuzzy with its usual crop of hair, and she burrowed back against him, grateful to be with someone whose Dominance was stronger than her own right now. “You did well, Natasha.”
, Steve realized with a start. Not only had Bruce’s exam not seemed to cause him any distress, it had pushed him back down toward subspace. Bruce chuckled like he’d expected as much and turned to address himself to Steve for the first time.
“That,” Tony grunted, “is a good question. There is literally nothing a boomerang arrow can accomplish that even a rudimentary AI linked to the shafts couldn’t manage way more efficiently, and with the added bonus of, you know, not getting shot by your own weapon. But I lost a bet with Clint, and this is some kind of weird lifelong dream of his.”
“Well, at a certain point the concern becomes that you’re trying to grieve someone that didn’t exist, that by exaggerating the best and minimizing the worst you’re turning them into an ideal that no one could reasonably be expected to move on from. But if that were the only issue, we could get past it. Where things really become thorny is when your idealization combines with your tendency to compare. And I want to be clear I don't just mean the other version of Tony; how can
May unearthed the bottle of wine she always threw in her giant purse before these dinners but never actually offered because giving wine to a billionaire felt like nothing but an opportunity for utter humiliation. Desperate times, however, apparently called for a bit of an ego bruise, so she set the bottle down on the bench next to her. To May’s utter bewilderment, Tony’s face lit up with recognition.
, Sam! I’m sure you’re practically getting off on the level of dysfunction around here right now, but I’m not a goddamn project. Some people ain’t interested in being fixed, even by you.”
“Yes. It’s not—I didn’t expect—but it’s gorgeous.”
As a compromise, he pressed himself up against Tony’s back, nosing under his ear and pressing feather-light kisses to the side of his neck. The touch helped, and Steve could maybe have been okay enough with just that, but Tony began to stir, making little mumbling and snuffing noises as he dragged himself slowly to consciousness. And God but it was a relief to see his eyes, to find that he didn’t turn away from Steve in fear or regret. Steve gripped him tighter, then drew the sheet away to inspect the parts of Tony that hadn’t been visible while he slept.
“Alright, here’s a real doozy. I want to Dom you, Stark, I’ve been thinkin’ about it pretty much non-stop for weeks, but I
As I’ve matured as a writer though, I have also tried to leave myself room to let things evolve based both on conversations with readers and just from general spontaneous things I don’t anticipate until I’m actually writing the thing. To give examples of both: a few of you commented in the first half of the story that you (a) wanted to hear more from Bucky, and (b) that you felt like his and Tony’s subby bonding felt a bit too easy. I’d already intended to explore their relationship more during the vacation chapters, but this encouraged me to spend some time reflecting on Bucky and where he was at and what he might need and want from his relationship with Tony going forward.
“What’s the Iron Legion?” The question came not from Steve himself, but from Bucky. He was propped on a truly obscene pile of pillows on the floor next to Tony, and had been halfway to a lazy, shallow form of his own subspace mere seconds before. Steve was fairly certain he was nowhere near that headspace now, but there was no telling it from just looking at the guy. Bucky stayed sprawled across his pillow tower, his head lolled to one side and all his muscles lax, looking for all the world like he was asking something as inconsequential as Tony’s favourite colour or celebrity crush.
“We could just skip to the part where we beat you and you tell us who you’re working for,” he proposed, throwing an ugly elbow that was far more back alley Brooklyn than Captain America. Taskmaster howled in outrage as it connected, causing a shower of blood to seep from the nose-holes of his mask. “You know we always take it easier on you when it goes down that way.”
Still, he reminded himself, there had to be limits. Tony was not in much of a position to consent to altering their relationship, so they would need to balance his seeming desire to have Steve nearby and in his Dominant headspace with not doing anything they couldn’t take back. When the food was ready, Steve nodded to Bruce.
The next room (because the escape ‘room’ was less a room and more the entire floor, apparently) turned out to play to Clint’s strengths. They were provided with a series of coordinates which they needed to sketch out on a map and then connect in the right order to spell out a code for a locked safe in the room.
In the days that followed Steve was not nearly so gentle. Steve was extremely pissed.
“You are
“He is
She has also been a vocal advocate for stricter privacy laws surrounding orientation, and has spoken numerous times including in a massively popular TED Talk, about the intensity of her regret for Tony’s outing as a submissive.
(See the end of the chapter for
Another compelling line of inquiry! Bravo! I think the possibility of adynmic sex is honestly not something that would have occurred to many in the D/s universe even ten years ago. The veneration of True identities, as we’ve seen, is in some ways symptomatic of a larger attachment to the notion of more intense orientations always being ‘better.’
Content Notes: I don't think there's anything in need of chapter-specific warning here. As always, though, let me know if you have questions or concerns!
Once Peter’s ass had reconnected with the library couch, he tried to preserve what was left of his dignity by glaring. Gwen just tossed her head back and snickered. The thick coils of her hair were gathered into a knot resembling a crown near the top of her head today. Between that and the way she was perched on top of one of the arms of the couch like a throne, he quickly abandoned all attempts at composure in favour of averting his eyes and hoping he didn’t wear his awkwardness like a suit.
Oh team. The world is hard and scary right now, and that makes me all the more grateful to have this verse and you wonderful humans to connect with. We've all been waiting for Steve and Tony to get their date for ages, and I desperately hope that part one (because we'll totally be picking up on this next chapter!) lived up to the hype.
“Okay, you can write your own lines, it was just a suggestion.”
“Don’t you fucking dare,” Tony growled. He didn’t know much, could barely process or even recognize the wildly conflicting responses he was getting from himself. But he knew that the thought of Clint leaving was about the only one worse than somehow disappointing him or screwing this up. “I’m…I might not know the things you all do, and I’m probably broken in some new and fucked-up ways. But I told you all that first day, I’m not some delicate fucking sugar cookie either. So don’t go treating me like one now, Barton.”
“I don’t wanna be cramping your style. I know how important this vacation is, and I know you got a lot to take of while you’re here.”
“Don’t say it JARVIS. Don’t you even
“Sir is not aware that the protocol tree for whose orders I should follow when receiving contradictory instructions was not re-written following his entrance into this universe. If he is made aware that by my coding my first allegiance should be to you, Captain Rogers, I anticipate that he will take it rather poorly. The last thing we need is him disabling my access to him, or using some of his more dubious methods to escape my monitoring. I can alert you on occasions when he is alone, but only if he has not yet requested that I avoid sharing that information. And I cannot…or rather, I am with your permission choosing not to provide you with any information that Sir has asked be restricted.”
“Hey Underoos.”
a job.”
Said song had also proved to be a useful distraction from Flash, who, unlike his teammates, was not even trying to mask his annoyance at Peter’s presence.
“Steve’s going to be out of town dealing with that business with the UN for a few days. But eventually he
“You could Ask Strange,” Rhodes suggested. “He should have enough of a sense of the other universe to give us the basics, and his counterpart kind of owes Tony.” Clint sighed loudly and heavily, which seemed both overdramatic and slightly unfair to Phil given that they were all working hard to arrive at a solution to this newest wrinkle.
“Darren? Shiny new R&D Darren? Darren whose hiring paperwork hasn’t even gone through yet? That Darren?”
Content Notes: This chapter contains a discussion of the orientation of a character who is a minor. All discussion place on general terms, and there is not (nor will there be) any sexual representation of any minors in this fic. However,if this is a particularly sensitive area for you then please reach out and let me know and we can figure out how to make the next few chapters safe for you to read.
“…I quit.”
Clint is also a bit sharp and short with Pepper at the end of this chapter. As Steve's POV told us last time, D/s Tony had drifted away from Pepper and Rhodey a bit before he died. So it comes partially out of Clint being upset that his aftercare with Tony is being interrupted, but it's also the product of some lingering discomfort with the fact that this version of Tony clearly wants and needs Pepper and Rhodey to be more of a presence in his life. It's not their deliberate intent to be cutting him off from his friends, and it is something he and the team will eventually work through. But it's here, and could potentially be triggering for some.
But, as Pepper had clearly elucidated for him once Tony and Clint had gone off to bed yesterday, the success of Tony’s coming out rose and fell primarily on the dynamic between he and Steve. In the eyes of the press, their bond had been untouchable, a flawless, impossible love story that others could only dream of emulating. The facts—that Tony was deeply uncomfortable with his submission, that he and Steve still argued, viciously at times, that the rest of their partners were essential to both of them—were wiped away in favour of a convenient, aspirational narrative.
“May I?” he asked, gesturing to Tony’s arm, still adorned by the watch. It was nerve-wracking in a way that was entirely out of proportion with what was actually happening. But then, Tony had rarely known his own Thor outside of battle; even outside of combat, so much of Thor’s way of being in the world had been shaped by war. (Which was why, Thor had confessed late one night when none of them could sleep after the Snap, he’d been so quick to wrap his hands around Tony’s throat. He’d rarely handled—ha!—conflict with anything but violence.)
“You’re nice and loose this morning, carrying a lot less tension here,” Bruce observed. “How are the chest and the breathing?”
It had been stupid to forget, really, that he wasn’t and could never be like the subs from this universe. And to make matters worse, he was fairly certain Natasha suspected something. She hadn’t come right out and said it, of course, that wasn’t her style. She had definitely noticed his limp that first morning after, though, and he’d caught her watching him several times since. As if eager to confess their guilt, Tony’s own eyes always wanted to fall onto the kneeling pillow, hidden innocently back in the corner of the penthouse living room. Fighting to make them linger on the TV, or on whichever member of the team happened to be speaking, was far more of a challenge than it should have been. (But then Tony had never really gone in for the espionage stuff.)
, a brutal voice jabbed, no euphemisms allowed—of the first version of Tony Stark; starting right back at the beginning again with another felt not just hopeless but cruel to both Steve and Tony.
2. Most Asgardians are indeed Switches, or at least that is the closest classification that would apply. Some, however, identify very strongly with only one ‘side’ of their kink. So there are some, for instance, with strong affinities for bondage, but who (unlike Thor) are only interested in either being bound or doing the binding. Partnerships do tend to be most common among those with identical, or at least complimentary interests. For instance, Thor once enjoyed a long-term partnership with an Asgardian whose primary interest was in temperature play. The variety of Asgardian textiles that lend themselves to these purposes allowed for a fruitful and mutually gratifying bond. The other possibility is, as you have noted, that kinks can evolve. It is rare for an Asgardian to completely abandon their primary kink, but others can take on a significant secondary role, or the exact nature of that primary kink may shift.
“You’re a remarkable guy, and Tony is lucky to know you,” he said simply. Rhodes grinned, but any further reply was cut short by Natasha and Tony finally emerging from the basement. She ignored all of their curiosity, all their attempts to meet her gaze and seek answers; she wound her way through the space, slowly gathering what she wanted: an extra large and rarely used pillow (there was a structured piece at the front designed for kneeling, but also a large area meant for if a sub wished to lay down instead), a blanket, knitted with thick, soft-looking material in a wide weave, a few things Steve didn’t recognize but that looked like toys of some kind. He watched, interested but content to let things play out. Then Natasha unzipped Clint’s bag, which was still on the floor near the entrance because Clint hated unpacking, and emerged with a ball gag.
He went to his knees with all the grace and fluidity he could manage, attempting to mimic what he’d seen the others do. Then he found the housing unit nestled against his chest and pulled. It was warm in his hand, the same as it had been the last time he’d removed it and handed it to a version of Steve Rogers.
Despite the innuendo, Tony turned out to be entirely serious about showing off the suit in action. After allowing himself a few moments of stunned silence, Coulson organized it: they took Tony on one-by-one, each for fifteen minutes.
“I’m scared,” he’d confessed, because honesty was almost always easier when he was at least partially in Dominant headspace.
“Idiot,” Tony whispered, trying to inject every ounce of love and affection and tenderness he felt toward Steve into the insult. The other man gave a watery laugh.
“Hush now. Patience, remember? I want to see you really work every one of these, just as good as you’ll work my cock.
“I…no? I mean, I don’t think so. It—it was exciting, and Thor was…” he trailed off, unable to articulate the sight of a demigod wrapped in rope and begging for his touch, but Bruce nodded like the sentence had been complete.
“Yessir.” Clint’s hand wrapped back around his dick before the second syllable had finished falling from his lips, and Tony whined, shaking his head and tugging at his bonds once more. “Sir please, you can’t, you can’t—”
“For us too,” Clint provided, along with adding two more pastries to Tony’s plate. “Is it the submission stuff freaking you out? The general context? All of the above?”
“What do you mean he’s not there?”
“What can we do?” The anger was still there in Clint’s voice, but whether from the physical pain of whatever he’d done to himself or something else, it sounded less threatening and more…defeated, the kind of anger that lingers when it’s all there is left. (To varying degrees, they’d all sounded that way after the Snap.)
“Don’t point that thing at me, Rogers.” Steve had indeed been waving his hot dog at Tony like some ridiculous wand, showering them both with relish and onions. He blushed and offered up a napkin while Tony cackled. (God it felt so good to hear him laugh. Steve would make himself look like a fool a thousand times a day for that.) “Seriously, though, you’re not forcing anything on anyone. You’re gathering the facts, you’re listening to experts, and you’re asking yourself hard questions. These are good things, Steve. And I can…I mean, if you want, I could read over some of the more scientific stuff. From what I remember of T’Challa’s team their writing is great but almost poetic in a way that can make it hard to follow at first.”
! Is that so fucking terrible? I have lost—everything, Bucky, over and over again. I used to think of myself as a dancing monkey, a puppet in this silly nationalistic show—annoying, sure, but ultimately worth it because it got me where I needed to go. But Captain America is so much worse than that. The serum…all it’s ever brought anyone is death. Erskine, you, Peggy, all of our friends, and now—and now…please. If you’re right, then just let me have the hope, alright? It’s gotta be better than this.”
She didn’t want to think of the picture she had probably made. Bare feet (because hell if she was putting on vomit-covered shoes to walk a couple hundred feet), breath that probably reeked of liquor to people with enhanced senses, and completely frantic? Yeah, in some ways she would have respected all of them a lot less the next day if they hadn’t gone all stony-faced and started demanding answers.
Tony groaned in loud, unembarrassed complaint. He would normally be the first to jump up immediately following sex and get back to work, but Steve had all but broken his brain just now. The guy had brought this on himself.
“Ow, shit!” A voice that turned out to be Bucky’s shouted. The energy shield he’d been fiddling with had apparently shot a weak repulser blast at him and, along with the one Steve had knocked out, was flying back to Tony. A glance revealed both were just as completely undamaged as the suit itself.
“Tony! You are
fast; the other version of Tony had worked hard to streamline the process of suiting up, and certainly he’d come a long way since the footage Steve had seen of the earliest days of Iron Man’s existence. But this…the armour was like a second skin; it rushed out to meet Tony not as if it was something external being applied, but as if it were a part of him that had been there all along, just waiting to be set free.
Natasha was falling, and then she wasn’t. And while she’d anticipated a lot of cruel endings to her life, the mindfuck of that after the cliffside battle for Clint’s life seemed like a little much. She waited for upwards of twenty seconds with her eyes closed, praying that the next part wouldn’t be too horrible. (Her sacrifice had to have counted for something, didn’t it? It must have wiped out at least some of the red still left in her ledger?)
The choice laid out in the selection in front of him was a fairly obvious one. Natasha wanted him mindless (or as close to it as Tony was going to be able to manage), and seemed equally happy to take him there through pain or through pleasure. Pain still felt intimidating and appealing in pretty equal measures (that paddle in particular made his gut clench every time he looked its way); getting there through pleasure, that one was in some ways even more novel. None of his previous partners had ever thought to try to deny him that before. It probably never would have occurred to them given that most of them had been attracted to him in the first place because of his reputation for taking, taking, taking.
Phil cupped his elbow. It was only for a matter of seconds, just as long as it took the pair of them to cross the length of the training room, but especially after having spent the morning wondering if the team was already finished with him, it was more comforting than Tony wanted to admit. (And if he slid his chair a little closer to Coulson’s than he might otherwise have done, well he had the excuse of sharing a tablet.)
(The Author asks that I provide a content warning for allusions to child neglect, alcohol abuse, and something she calls “Howard Stark’s A+ Parenting.” I can only hope the latter is sarcastic. As annoying as his spawn is, I would not consider Howard Stark a model for adequate parenting.)
“You won’t,” Steve soothed. “There’s a reason Natasha trusts you to be her eyes in this. You know the signs of a submissive in distress. You’ll know if the pain is helping him reach penitence or if it’s just piling one hurt on top of another. You’ll call it if you need to; you’d never pick appeasing Tony over keeping him safe.”
Steve was inspecting the visible portions of his chair like the thing was entirely alien to him. There wasn’t, honestly, all that much to see. Like most of the furniture Tony had selected for Steve’s personal floor, it was simple and classic: warm brown leather and sleek lines. The leather was scratched in a couple of places; the one Steve has just run his index finger over was by far the deepest of the marks, originating from a mishap between Dummy and a stray kitten Hulk had once smuggled into the Tower after a mission. There was a chip in the wood veneer on the front of the armrest too, the result of Steve losing his temper in the early days of his residency here and breaking a glass. He considered with bitter self-depreciation how easy it is for him to mentally recount the history behind every imperfection on this meaningless piece of furniture compared to what he was actually being asked to discuss. Which was of course, the same thing he’s been asked about for three sessions now: the day they’d lost Tony.
Tony, the team had assured him, was barely in the penthouse these days. He wasn’t working with the kind of fevered devotion that meant he neglected basic needs like food and sleep, but between his projects with Coulson and his ongoing efforts to upgrade the team’s weapons and armour, Tony definitely had a lot less time to just sit around the penthouse than he had when he’d first arrived.
“Book it, JARVIS.” Tony would start how he meant to go on, damn it, and he wasn’t going to Coulson as a friend, or a fake-submissive or any of that.
He’d gone in an as optimistic as one could really be when their destination was grief counselling. Dr. Domen had already been waiting when he’d arrived in his living room, though she apparently hadn’t anticipated his slightly early appearance, because she was sitting on Steve's couch eating a granola bar. It felt unexpectedly surprising to see her doing something so normal, so human. Steve’s mind had apparently built the woman up as a kind of impenetrable force above such things as food.
him. It’s not actually entirely a first. This one time in my old universe, on the flight to Afghanistan actually…” Tony was halfway through the story of the flight, including the stripper pole and scantily-clad flight attendants, before he realized what he was doing. He could count on one hand the number of times he’d volunteered information about his own universe like this, especially the happier memories; with how sensitive he was about the other Tony, he’d just assumed the team wouldn’t want to hear anything but the shitty stuff about their counterparts. But when he dared a wary glance at Bruce, the other man was smiling widely with no signs of frustration or hurt colouring the expression.
“What is it with you people and sleeping in the hallway outside my room?” he shouted even as he held a hand out to help Steve up.
“Tony—”
Even upon first waking, most of Steve’s focus was devoted to trying to find a plausible reason to call the Tower. He could try to lie, claim that Tony had asked him to check in in the morning, but if the other man remembered enough of the previous evening to know Steve was lying that could go sideways in a hurry. If he contacted JARVIS he could at least reassure himself of Tony’s immediate physical well-being, but again, the potential for blowback on that front was high, and JARVIS had already taken a risk by contacting Steve the previous evening. They couldn’t risk undermining Tony’s relationship with the AI when his ties to the rest of the team were so tenuous. And if Steve were being really honest with himself, it wasn’t just Tony’s pulse or other baseline health indicators he was interested in. The man had sounded broken and angry and so very, very tired last night; in lieu of actually being allowed to fix any of it, Steve’s every instinct screamed out for the right to at least assure this version of the man he loved that he’d been heard. That however complicated and painful Steve’s feelings about all of this were, he cared.
“Is there anything I can do for you? Any of you?”
Conversation came to a brief but palpable stop, however, when Tony stepped into the kitchen. He was wearing dark washed jeans and what Steve mentally referred to as a ‘dress-up’ t-shirt; it didn’t have a band name on it, and it wasn’t torn or stained from time in the shop. He was pretty sure, actually, that it was one of the items he’d bought while out shopping with Rhodey, which was a pleasant surprise; Tony was still struggling with spending other people’s money, and he tended to treat even inexpensive purchases from that trip like precious commodities that would wither if exposed to air or direct sunlight.
,” Sam says, deciding it is in his best interest not to let either of them finish. “Cast the deciding vote here.”
Steve dreamed of Tony. Not the man currently wearing his face and his body, but his Tony.  The first memory was a favourite, one his brain replayed at least twice a week.
“This is your first real time subbing, or at least the first time you’re going into it knowing that’s what you’re aiming for. I can be…demanding, and difficult as a Dom. I like to press a lot of different buttons at once, keep a sub a little off-balance. I’m in it for some of the mental dynamics as much as the physical ones. And believe me I want to play that way with you, but I don’t want to overwhelm you right off the bat. You’re better off with someone like Bruce or Phil for your first time.”
Peter breathed a quiet sigh of relief. That had been entirely too close.
A loud crinkling of plastic wrapping from across the living room reminded Tony abruptly that he wasn’t alone. Thor was sprawled across the armchair, eating leftover Halloween candy and playing video games. (Even this was far too close an echo to the version of Thor he’d left behind.)
It was still happening, even as Tony lay motionless on the floor of the penthouse.
“I was so jealous when Bruce told us about the first time he’d done this,” he murmured while Tony nibbled at a blackberry from between his fingers. “I’m not a jealous person for the most part, especially with the team, but the thought of him getting to do this, hearing him talk about how beautifully you responded—and now I get to do this for you. I’m so lucky, and so grateful, honey.”
“No. I worried about that at first, same as I worried about my partners only wanting me because of my resemblance to someone else. And that’s why I didn’t want to lie to you about this, because I think suspecting something like that would be a hell of a lot more painful later on. But that isn’t what’s going on here. You are very far from a carbon copy of the Peter in my old universe. And sure sometimes that’s weird and hard in its own way, but I like you a hell of a lot on your own terms, kid. You are tough and smart and absolutely determined to make a difference in a world that basically tries to force you to be apathetic. We might never have the kind of bond I had with that Peter, and that’s—that’s okay too. But I couldn’t see the two of you suffering and not at least try to help in whatever ways I could, you know?”
“Because the Alberta oil sands are still a massive environmental threat, dipshit! As long as garbage like this still exists it doesn’t matter how innovative and affordable SI makes its stuff. People know oil, they trust oil. The more clear, detailed reasons we can give the public and our lawmakers to do otherwise, the more people will actually still be alive to try to your arc-reactor-wannabe powered lawn-mower bot.”
“I’m not lying. At the beginning, when I was still so caught up in my own grief that a relationship was unimaginable, I was jealous all the time. Jealous of Tony, because you were all so excited and happy to have him here; jealous of you all, for getting to have him. Hell, I think I even felt a little jealous on behalf of the other Tony, because this version…well he got a choice in all this, didn’t he? That’s all the other Tony ever wanted, and this one he just had it, and he didn’t even appreciate it. Or so I thought at the time.” It hurt to confess this, Steve could feel the deep shame he'd felt then rising up hot and painful in his gut, but Thor deserved to know, really know, that he was not alone in this.
going to have you or anyone tell those kids they’re wrong then they're not. I won’t be responsible for them learning not to trust their instincts. Show me what I need to see so that I can tell them what I think they need to hear.” Strange rolled his eyes, which Tony was starting to think was maybe just a reflex on Strange’s part the same way that inappropriate jokes and fake smiles were for Tony, but he made some kind of motion with his ring, vanished, and then returned seconds later with an affirming nod.
“Shh, shh, I’m sorry sweetheart. It’s okay, I’m not going anywhere.” Natasha pulled the comforter away from Tony’s body instead, and she chuckled softly when he sighed happily and settled back into Steve’s arms. After that she appeared to go back to devoting the entirety of her attention the tablet in her lap; like most things with Natasha, though, appearances only told a part of the story.
“Are you under-eating because you feel like we’re trying to express Dominance over you by providing it? Or is something else going on?” Bruce had waited to ask the question until Tony’s plate, which was still just over half-full, was in his hands. Denying it would have been beyond pointless, and Tony didn’t bother.
Oddly enough, Barnes’ unwillingness to apologize for mistakes that hadn’t been his own was just as comforting as the apology he did offer. It meant they weren’t empty words designed to placate or push Tony’s grievances aside. (The contrast to Rogers’ ‘sorry-not-sorry’ letter were…certainly striking.) Dummy wheeled back and forth between the two of them, clearly trying to evaluate what he’d do if Tony and Barnes couldn’t reconcile, and that sealed it.
His notes advise briefly heating the lemons to reduce time and effort involved in juicing; Dr. Banner also prefers the use of a simple syrup to ensure sugar is evenly dissolved. (The 1 c sugar is heated with 1 cup of water until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture is a clear syrup.)
One of the most surprising things Peter has come to learn over the past weeks is how boring some elements of superhero life could be. The first few times he’d seen Tony reviewing footage from Avengers training sessions or battles Peter had been overflowing with excitement. He’d expected
They kind of exploded their way into the bedroom, the door colliding loudly with the wall. Dummy, who had apparently been the only one smart enough to wait for them on Steve’s floors rather than the penthouse, made an outraged beep. Steve babied the hell out of Dummy, so Tony fully expected this to be a distraction that took a quarter of an hour to resolve at least, but Steve barely stopped kissing Tony long enough to level a stern glare at the bot and then point toward the hallway. Dummy beat a hasty bath toward the living room, pausing only briefly to wag his claw in some kind of wave/salute thing that Steve apparently recognized enough to visibly struggle against his urge to smile in response.
“I find myself unworthy of our partnership. For weeks now, I have watched all of you grow closer to our submissive, and I have…yearned. I know it to be unfair. My other self, he harmed Tony in such an intimate, personal way that of course it will take time. But I had hoped that following our date, we might be moving  forward, and I feel instead as if we are standing still. When I learned that he had been spending so many of his evenings with you, and now his morning with the son of Coul, I felt…not angry, precisely, but—”
“Any pain here this morning?” The previous morning, even the gentle pressure Bruce used against his thighs had still been enough to make Tony squirm a little bit. Today, he found himself dipping his low back, raising his ass a little higher in the air to meet the touch.
"Oh yeah! Yesterday was date night! How'd it go?"
Content Notes: A few things going on in this one to be aware of. First, the chapter features a non-sexual punishment of Tony by Rhodey. (The guidelines around punishment were negotiated before and are entirely consistent with Tony's expressed limits, but if you don't want to see him punished by anyone but the folks he's in a romantic relationship with, you'll want to skip starting from the paragraph that begins, "To be fair" and pick up again after the paragraph that ends, "respective plans for the day.") Second, the chapter features depictions of MCU characters actively grieving Tony's loss. (That's harder to avoid or read around, but let me know if you want to try.) Finally, the chapter ends on a fairly substantial cliffhanger. That's not normally something I warn for, but I know a lot of us already have enough anxiety on our plates these days, so if you want to wait to read this one until the next chapter is also posted, that's totally fine. I did try, actually, to get the next chapter written and ready so I could mitigate this issue by posting them on the same day, but I just couldn't do it. Sorry team.
“If I’m seriously here because you have issues about commas and split infinitives—”
As soon as he hung up, Steve lasted all of four minutes before he was in his room, whispering as if he were sneaking into a movie theatre.
The memory comes back to Peter unwanted, uninvited. Like a crushing blow to the ribs.
Thor stopped too, which came as a bit of a surprise. Tony hadn’t spent much time with him yet, though even he didn’t know why. Perhaps the memory of Thor so utterly defeated by the world was too recent, or maybe some part of Tony still wondered if this version of the man was as capable of turning off all his seeming affection for Tony and wrapping his hand around his throat as the other had been. Either way, he hadn’t expected much in the way of goodbyes from Thor, but that didn’tt stop him from halting in front of Tony and holding out a hand. In it was the gold watch from Tony’s own box, which he hadn’t yet had a chance to wear.
“What, being threatened away from my own fight like a child? Why would I find that frustrating?” Peter snarked, unable to help himself. Rather than calming Peter down, Tony’s unprecedented vulnerability seconds before had him furious all over again.
The gag was…odd. Tony had spent most of his life surrounded by people who wanted to shut him up, so handing it over on a silver platter like this felt a little counter-intuitive. And at first he had to fight the reflexive urge, borne of too many childhood kidnpappings and pranks at university gone wrong, to resist the intrusion, to bite down or use his tongue to try to try to press the ball out of his mouth. He took several long breaths in through his nose, and stared up at Natasha, who smiled back with a warmth he once wouldn’t have believed her capable of.
Content Notes: The first vision takes place immediately following the scene in Chapter 48, and as such the warnings from that chapter for sexual content still apply (though this one is slightly less explicit than the main chapter.)
It had been as exhilarating as it was terrifying, and Tony still had no idea what to think about the whole thing.
“God this must have cost a fortune,” he mused aloud. “I hope you put it on one of my cards.”
Sam was the first to move past disapproval and into concern. He followed MJ to Peter’s room and helped her tear the place apart in search of the inhaler. They found it, eventually, in a box that also contained a bunch of video games and a teddy bear dressed like Iron Man. The latter was worn and patched in a couple of places, clearly a very well-loved artifact from Peter’s childhood. Which made her realize that she had an actual adult to carry some of the burden of the immediate situation, so she could close her eyes and allow herself a rare few seconds to feel horribly, painfully sad about all of it. About how shitty and how good a person Tony Stark had been, about the fact that whether he’d deserved Peter’s level of regard for him or not, he’d had it. And then he’d died. MJ was pretty good at putting on a confident front, but she was quickly coming to understand that she had no real idea how to help the shattered boy he’d left behind, who was grieving not just Tony’s loss but the death of his own chance at childhood.
“I—I had a late night.” It was a desperate play, but the phone call from the Tower to T’Challa’s offices could at least be verified, and he had to try something. He had no desire to walk out on someone he considered both a colleague and maybe now a friend, but the longer their conversation entered around this topic, the more Steve felt like a panicked animal being chased by a much more powerful predator. (Even that was probably the damn dep talking, volatile emotional responses to relatively mundane situations.)
“Well, I gotta say I’m surprised, Cap. I really expected Underoos to stick with my advice on this one.”
“Well that was unnecessary.”
In terms of research, there’s been a fair amount, especially in working out the scientific end off things. I knew early on that I wanted to kind of flip the narrative and upset Tony’s (and reader’s) expectations of what Dominance and submission might look like—like when he expects submissive to be pegged as overly emotional, for instance—so then it was a matter of trying to figure out how that would actually play out within the body.
Clint laid eyes on Natasha first. He made to rise up on unsteady legs, but she shook her head and joined him in kneeling instead. There were quiet gasps from several of the others, but everyone stayed where they were. There would be time for what little explanation she could offer later. Thanks to Tony, they had all the time in the world. (Of course it had been Tony. The one person Natasha had never been able to read correctly, the one who she’d made the mistake of disbelieving and underestimating time and again. The only one who had stayed at the compound with her when it had all fallen apart. She’d so rarely seen Tony clearly, but he’d always seen her, valued Natasha for precisely who and what she was. And now he’d gone and saved the universe, and made sure there would be a space for Natasha within it.)
“Yes, Sir,” she whispered. Bruce petted her hair until the tears stopped, and then helped her sit up.
“I have every right, Barton. Back off.”
The smile that curved Talia’s lips was no longer an ambiguous one. It was the first time she’d appeared truly hopeful in all the time Steve had known her.
In any place, any time, any universe, Tony would always recognize the sound that Pepper Potts’ high heels made when she walked. He almost always heard her before he saw her, even when it shouldn’t have been possible like when the music in the shop was blaring or the SI board members were all screeching about their latest outrage. And for years that noise, that perfect combination of authority and feminine softness, had heralded safety and stability and comfort and love.
Thirty minutes later, Steve arrived to find Tony already waiting at the gates of Clayton Park. He was wearing one of the old Tony’s suits, a black wool number with green accents, and Steve was surprised to find himself missing the clothes Tony had ordered for himself. Even though the two men had mostly similar tastes, this Tony was less prone to the sharp angles and bold colours of his predecessor. (The suit also sagged a little in the places where he definitely still weighed less than the other version of himself had, Steve noted with concern.) The only part of the entire get-up that really looked like him at all was the watch at his wrist, which Tony kept reaching out with his other hand to fiddle with.
Tony’s good intentions, however, didn’t stop Steve’s shoulders from stiffening, or prevent his hand from drifting away from Tony’s thigh.
denotes switches (the higher the numbers go, the more inclined towards domination that switch is, and vice versa with submission)
Steve gave the question the consideration he knew it deserved. He had spent months agonizing over everything to do with Tony. When greetings in the hallway went sideways, he obsessed for hours. On days when he let himself flirt too heavily at SHIELD, it kept Steve awake at night. Yet now, while every plan Steve had ever made regarding Tony lay in ruins at his feet, all he felt was a totalizing sense of calm. He’d made his decision last night when he’d taken Tony into his arms. There was no turning back, not without utterly destroying the other man’s trust. Plus there was the small matter of Steve not wanting to turn back.
4. Those classified as submissives or Dominants (1-3 and 8-10 on the scale, as you noted) typically all only have trace amounts of the opposite orientation’s hormones in their system; True orientations would not even have those trace amounts. Therefore Dr. Banner, whom you used as an example, does not require submission as part of his orientational wellness. The distinction between the classifications within those categories comes down mostly to the concentration of their primary orientational hormone; so a cat-9 Dominant is classified as such because their blood meets a certain threshold concentration of Dominin, which is higher than would be found in a cat-8. Behaviourally, a cat-8 Dominant might also require less intensive Dominant practice in order to feel fulfilled, or might need Domination with slightly less frequency than a cat-9; however, I would posit based on current research that many of these distinctions are more a matter of socialization and/or personal preference than they are something solely or even primarily determined by what are sometimes very fine variations in hormonal levels.
“I just…how does anyone do this when they haven’t done these things? It’s asking about specific implements and tools and really raunchy sex that even I haven’t had the chance to fool around with yet. And I…Rhodey suggested….I mean, I watched some porn, but I still don’t know. It’s totally possible to like watching something happen to someone else, or even imagine it happening to you, but then not want it for yourself, right?”
“You can’t tell them, you can’t. I’ll tell them about Fletcher and their Howard and all of that, but the rest of it, you can’t, please.”
There was more. A whole room full of kids who openly displayed remarkable,
“No. He’s not…he needed some time. Come upstairs, Tony, please?”
, Agent Dumas?”
Steve was selfish in grief. He’d spent enough of his life in mourning for people, for whole worlds, that he knew it to be true. Oh he could get through missions fine, but the second they were over, when he was Steve Rogers and not the Captain, he didn’t even bother trying to prevent the way it took him over, seeping away at his kindness and his hope and his joy and leaving nothing behind but dust. (Dust had haunted Steve long before Thanos had turned half the living world into it.)
“I believe you owe me a suggestion, Banner?”
Content Warnings for this chapter: Tony's still grieving pretty hard in this chapter, and struggling even harder with food as a result. (I swear this isn't going to be like a massive plot point in the story, it's just very prevalent right now because of all the immediate stressors he's under and the recentness of the experiences we see him have in the trailers for Endgame.)  The team also struggles with some issues of jealousy when they're not able to help him. Those scenes would be hard to read around, to be honest, but if anyone wants to try let me know and I can try to help you figure out how to redact it.
, just like I can’t be the Rhodey you remember, not exactly. But that doesn’t mean we have to be nothin’ to one another, or that accepting our help with this charade you’ll have to put on means wiping out who you are. Do you think…could you give this a shot, a real shot, for two weeks? If you don’t want to stay here after that I swear Pepper and I will figure something else out, but your team and I, we’d like the chance to be here. If that’s alright with you.”
The digital projection of Rhodey, who stood next to Thor in his dress blues, shot his hand into the air. Everyone else followed suit immediately, and Phil breathed a sigh of relief.
Ah, excellent. Another question rooted in science and reasoning. Sub-drop in the D/s universe is fairly similar to that of the so-called MCU. Endorphins play a huge role in both; the corresponding physical symptoms of a sharp endorphin crash (decrease in body temperature, tremors, and feelings of fatigue) are thus common indicators of subdrop in both universes.
“…right. Where was I?”
Morning brought with it a migraine and a deep feeling of frustration. One of the aspects of moving to a compound in the middle of nowhere that Peter had actually looked forward to was the absence of city noise. While horns and bright lights were the charming soundtrack to New York life, spider-senses turned that background noise into an overwhelming cacophony. He didn’t just hear it when the neighbours fought or cooked. Or had sex--that was so visceral he practically ffelt it. On a clear night he could hear the grocery list someone was making on the phone with their partner almost a block away. It had been weeks after the bite before he’d learned to tune some of it out, and months after that before he’d managed a halfway decent sleep.
The sound of the battle should have been piercing, a roaring, calamitous combination of sounds that heaved and shook the ground. There was nothing but an eerie silence, fractured only by a sudden, gasping sob.
(See the end of the chapter for
about where you came from and what it was like for you there, but I’m betting there are things and people from your universe that you miss. That you’re mourning.” Oh God. Now that she was arriving at the point, Tony was positive he didn’t want to hear it. “Our Tony…he set up a substantial endowment for at-risk kids who have demonstrated an aptitude for STEM. The kids work in the labs as part of their community service hours, and they retain the rights to whatever they make. This particular bunch enjoy it so much that they regularly ‘break in’ to SI at night to keep working; everyone knows they're here, of course, but it's cute to watch all the strategies they keep coming up with for bypassing security and JARVIS. Rhodey and I figured you had probably set up something similar on your side,” (he had), “and we thought it might be nice for you to know, to see, that everything you’ve given your world didn’t vanish when they lost you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And because it still wasn’t enough to have remade himself in his own image, then it had been Pepper’s turn. Which meant putting everything he’d learned all together, plus adding in Steve. They had been trying out different positions for everyone to stand in during the press conference for the last hour and thirty seven minutes (and yes, Tony was counting every second of this hell.) Both Cap…no, Steve, he needed to get used to calling the guy Steve again. Steve and Tony had steadfastly refused to kiss one another on camera, but pretty much every other variation had been tried and attempted: Steve’s arm around Tony’s shoulders, his waist, their hands joined, Tony and Steve bracketing the rest of the team, Steve and Tony facing each other like they were on the cover of a romance novel…it was fucking horrible. And Steve’s nearness meant Tony could feel him getting stiffer and more frustrated as the posing went on.
“Rhodey stop,” he begged, not sure anymore if he was asking for the words or the spanking to halt.
Everyone else seemed to take this news with solemn thoughtfulness. To Clint (who, admittedly, should not have attempted to out-drink Natasha, especially with vodka) the solution was obvious.
“A form of tantric massage. The external prostate massage—the way I touched you right near the end, there—it’s very common for it to bring on some pretty intense emotions.”
Having faced his own mortality quite recently, Tony felt it was entirely fair to deem the mix of dread and anticipation surrounding him on the short elevator ride from Rhodey’s floor to the penthouse to be comparable in most respects. Sure, he knew that no member of the team would actually cause him lasting physical harm, but that might honestly be preferable to putting the final nails in the coffin of yet another relationship. (How sickly ironic that he’d been prepared to leave these people just days prior, and now the knowledge that he was likely on his way to be broken up with made him queasy.)
He shoved the dildo into himself, no longer focused one reaching his prostate but on working it exactly as Steve had said. He clenched all of his internal muscles, let it rub and nudge at him and clutched at the toy in return, and it still wasn’t enough, the thing was so smooth and thin, but he was trying, Steve said he could and he was going to fucking try to live up to that no matter what. His efforts were rewarded when Steve finally gave him permission to move to the next dildo in the set. It wasn’t much bigger, still wouldn’t do more than whisper against his prostate every once in a while, but it at least had a bit of texture to it, a couple of ridges that caught the edge off his hole when it slid inside and scraped gently at his insides.
A chance meeting in the penthouse kitchen leaves Steve optimistic about his future with Tony. Clint and Tony find creative ways to date in Avengers Tower.
“I don’t know what I want to be when I grow up, okay?”
He expected it to come pouring out of him like a sieve once he had broken through that first barrier. It didn’t. It felt like he was trying to drag the words out, as if they weighed too much for even his strength to bear and were determined to stay lodged forever in his gut.
Then, after glancing around to make sure no one was paying attention, he scaled the wall. Looking for a specific spot in a building he’d never actually seen from the outside before proved more challenging than he would have thought, but eventually he found what he was looking for. Just like the last time he’d seen it, the room was painted an off-white that was the familiar nightmare of renters everywhere, but the walls were almost entirely covered in posters and shelves heaving with books and memorabilia. Ned sat in his room, reading an Octavia Butler book that was a long-loved favourite. Peter took a deep, slow breath, and then knocked on the glass.
“‘teve?”
The two of them forget Sam and Bucky entirely, their heads swinging around and their eyes meeting.
, and he was absolutely gorgeous—pliant, eager-to-please, and happy to take anything his Dom wanted to give him, from elaborate scenes full of props and pain to a simple hard fuck with a few orders thrown in.
“Alright, you know the rules lady and gentlemen. Speed of breaking is obviously paramount, but points will also be taken off for any interference with your fellow contestants, as well as for breaking any of my—the stuff down here. Also try not to run over Barnes. He’s new at this, and since he’ll be one of the judges you don’t want to piss him off.” Dummy whirred impatiently and wheeled backward and forwards a couple of inches. He always got cocky during this game. “And…go!”
“And you, Captain Rogers. I confess that I requested to deliver your meal this afternoon. I hope it is not too much of a bother. But my Papa ran a small bookstore when I was a child, and while I loved and admired my own people and our stories very much, I had a particular attachment to your comics. He used to call my love for Captain America the family’s ‘great shame,’ but he always made sure I had the latest issues.” Before Steve could even respond beyond a chuckle at the ‘great shame’ bit, the man shook his head and stiffened into a parade rest. “My apologies, Captain, I—”
He glanced to his right and smiled fondly at Bucky, whose nose was dotted with drying pink paint as he knelt in front of a power outlet, changing the cover to one of the new gold-plated ones they had ordered. Bucky and the Soldier had both been instrumental in putting the room together; the Soldier, especially, had been full of unexpected insights.
“I’ll pack up and go as soon as I’m able,” he told Steve.
Historically these categorizations were made based entirely on bloodwork (hormone levels spike when an individual turns 14.) However, they are now made based on a combination of physical and social/psychological investigations. Clint Barton was ranked according to the newer system; his ‘6’ represents slightly elevated levels of hormones associated with domination, but it was largely his psychosocial profile that really solidified that classification.
Steve spent an enjoyable morning and early afternoon with Rhodes, hammering out more of the details of his agreement with the team. Reviewing the man’s contract had been enlightening; he was in some ways a stricter Dominant than the others, more inclined toward an emphasis on protocol and manners, which he’d jokingly attributed to his military and Southern backgrounds. He also placed high value on a whole host of non-sexual practices, including some Steve had never heard of let alone practiced.
Content Notes: The May/Peter/Tony conversation is emotionally intense, but I don't think there's anything taggable in it.
“I know, right? I tried to tell her that wage theft is a time-honoured mode of anti-capitalist resistance, but—”
“What—”
The first scene of the chapter is another dream/flashback sequence involving the early stages of D/s Tony and Steve's relationship. Story-typical warnings for that one; Steve is in no way doing anything non-consensual, but Tony is deeply uncomfortable with being a submissive and resents his body and mind for needing the things they do. If you want to skip that, just start reading after the italics.
Steve had spent hours, maybe even days in total, poring over everything from battle strategies to press releases with the other Tony. Even before they had ever been anything else, they had always
Content Notes: (Spoilery) This chapter contains the use of a safeword (yellow, specifically) by Tony. The events of its use are not, at least in my view, traumatic or in any way violent, and you can obviously expect that his partner will respect its use. However, if this is a triggering area and you want to try to read around the storyline or get a redacted version, just let me know! And as always, if you have questions or concerns before or after reading, I'm always here to chat.
“I didn’t know, Tony, I would never out someone on purpose. I was chasing down a lead about your college admissions paperwork; something seemed off, and I thought maybe your Father had, I don’t know, forged your test scores, maybe? Tried to make you seem smarter than you really were? By the time I realized what it was I was actually uncovering I stopped, I tried to convince my editor to just drop the story, but she just assigned the piece to a new writer and used everything I’d found. All our work is on a shared drive and I couldn’t remove it in time.”
Movie night with Bucky and Steve turned out to be…kind of awesome. Tony was skeptical of the whole thing at first, and very nearly made his excuses after assuring himself of Steve’s wellness with his own eyes. But Barnes had looked so confident and comfortable on the floor in front of Steve; Tony usually liked the way his teammates’ submissive selves contrasted with their baseline ways of being in the world, but there was something deeply appealing about how entirely himself Bucky was then. He was on his knees, but he thought nothing of reaching up to cover Steve’s mouth or throw popcorn at his head, and he was surprisingly quick-witted and biting with his commentary on the movie they’d chosen.
“I guess…I mean, at first I was just focused on crisis management. He was so unwell, had been for so long. Even the simplest things were huge struggles, and I was constantly terrified that if I didn’t win every single one of them, make him see what he was doing to himself and convince him to let me in, that he’d…we’d lose him.” Pepper nodded with what looked to be genuine agreement. She’d seen it in different ways than Steve had, of course, but he supposed that she was still just as familiar as they were with how unstable Tony had been before he’d been outed as a submissive. “Maybe it was starting out that way, or maybe I was just inclined to a certain amount of—I think the word my therapist uses is codependency. I was still healing from what had happened to me, and it felt like the easiest and most natural thing in the world to focus everything in my  life around the team, Tony especially. I didn’t even know how completely it had happened until he was gone and I felt like I had nothing left.’
“You know, one of my favourite things about sex used to be that it was the one area of my life that didn’t involve excessive amounts of paperwork.”
For once, Bruce took him at his word without additional questions or verification. Natasha delivered one last stinging blow, then dragged her hand across the heated skin of his ass before trading places with Bruce. She was sweating slightly with exertion, and had removed her dress at some point, so she stood wearing only the deep green lingerie Tony had gotten a peak at her earlier. He grinned at her, and she winked back before accepting the bottle of water Rhodey had gotten up to offer her.
“That…that would make sense. Tony alluded to the fact that they almost never trained together the way we do, and that’s a lot of what we got up to back then,” Bruce said.
“JARIVS, why would you bring me here if no one’s—”
“Are you telling me Tony Stark blackmailed an underage kid into crossing national borders and fighting a bunch of superpowered adults? Please tell me you’re kidding right now.”
Tony wasn’t down as long as he had been after his first few scenes. He really was starting to level out a bit, his body and mind beginning to trust that they’d be able to go back into headspace soon enough that they didn’t cling to it for all they were worth. Steve had allowed himself to get rather behind on SHIELD projects lately, so even if he would have happily accepted more time caring for his submissive, he didn’t regret the opportunity to focus on his work as much as he might have otherwise.
A lollipop (was that a chupa-chup? Tony hadn’t seen one of those since he was a kid) danced into his field of vision. He wasn’t honestly much of a sweets guy usually, but something about it seemed strangely appealing just then, so he made a grab for the stick and stuck the candy in his mouth as he kept an eye on the diagram of—wait, had Mark II seriously made Cap a photon-based shield? Had this version of Rogers actually accepted something like that, so contemporary and reminiscent of the technology of Tony himself rather than his father?
Every time Steve let his thoughts linger for any length of time on what Howard had done, he inevitably ended up bent over a toilet puking his guts up. This was not one of his therapist-approved coping strategies. He sighed.
“I’m sorry,” he started, but Phil shook his head.
“He can take War Machine,” Rhodes offered. “I’ll pilot Iron Man, keep any interested parties off our tail, then ditch the armour somewhere and meet you all at the hospital. Where do they have him?”
I am endlessly grateful for this question, which gave me an excuse to seek out this answer for myself. I try not to abuse my powers, but Dr. Banner does have an excellent reputation as a cook.
If it felt gross to pretend at a potential alliance between himself and several of the more unctuous members of the Stark Industries Board, it was nothing short of nauseating to use his partners and his fledgling attempts at submission this way. However, the joke landed just as Pepper had assured him it would: at the mere allusion to Steve and the others, they were all practically tripping over themselves to assure Tony they would suspend all essential discussions until he’d had time to re-orient himself.
“And you were angry at them for that.” Steve bowed his head.
“It’s going to be okay sweetheart. We got this, yeah?”
“What’s that—is it weighted? Damn that’s nice. I’ve heard they’re good for anxiety and a whole host of other shit but I never actually got around to picking one up.” Steve’s Dominant instincts, desperate for any sign that Steve was successfully providing for someone else’s needs, seized upon that gratitude and approval like oxygen; he barely covered up the way his knees almost gave out in relief by sitting hastily on the couch. It left him closer to Tony than he would have liked, but Tony was still babbling happily about the virtues of the weighted blanket and seemed entirely unconcerned by their sudden nearness. So Steve sat there, trying to recover his dignity and pretending that even the physical proximity to someone exhibiting just enough submissive behaviours to capture the notice of Steve’s instinct wasn’t soothing while some musical about newspaper delivery kids that Tony had put on played in the background.
“So it’s ranked in order of intensity? 1 being most submissive, 10 being most dominant. Switches are between 4 and 7, with their number reflecting whether they are more inclined towards dominance or submission. But how’s that measured?” Bruce makes a pinching and twisting motion with his hand, and the OCS chart is minimized.
It was almost a relief when Steve was called in to SHIELD HQ that day, despite his having attempted to secure the day off. (The organization was still in shambles, and with such a limited number of people possessing high level clearance, sometimes Steve just didn’t have a choice.) Tony spent much of the day in the shop, ignoring the team’s invites for lunch and blocking the attempts that both Natasha and Coulson made to enter his space. (That would teach them to ruin Tony’s pancakes! And besides, he might have to embrace his submissive instincts on occasion, but that didn’t mean he needed the team checking up on him and hovering like this just because Steve wasn’t there.)
He and Coulson met on one of the usually unused conference levels of the Tower, which made the whole thing feel more official and less like a kid working for a parent’s company during the summer or something. He had dressed up a little for the occasion, too, putting on one of the other Tony’s old suits instead of the jeans and band-tee combos he’d stuck to pretty exclusively since arriving here. Coulson had a stack of paper files as well as an array of holoscreens open when he stepped inside. The sight of Coulson operating with his usual brisk competence was reassuring; it made the part of Tony had been on guard, expecting Coulson to treat him differently now that Tony might, maybe, be interested in subbing for the team sometimes, lower its hackles.
“Alright. Get up, all of you.”
“I think it’s under control.” Natasha pointed to a figure dressed in a blue and red…well, suit would be stretching it. The outfit was not nearly as advanced as even the earliest versions of their suits; Steve recognized the amateurish outline of a spider on the back almost at once from the pictures that had been given to him through SHIELD.
It was a new tie for Steve, and he was plainly delighted and proud to have mastered it so well. He assured Tony he wouldn’t keep him in the pose for long, conscious as always of putting much of any pressure on Tony’s chest with the arc reactor already exerting its painful presence, but his gaze was unrepentantly hungry as he surveyed his submissive helpless at his feet.
…) “I always kinda thought they’d be a team in everything, you know? They’d know exactly how to work someone over, they’d be so in synch they wouldn’t even have to talk to know what the other person was going to do next. Once I met you guys here I sort of started imagining you working together, you know, in a scene.” Tony didn’t get any more graphic than that, both because it was hard enough to share something this personal and because Rhodey was here, and he didn’t know where they stood about being present for sexual stuff.
“We’ll have Phil draw up a schedule,” Bruce agreed, the smooth motion of his hips never faltering. Tony whined pitifully, sure he’d never make it to even the halfway point of the scene without exploding. It was fucking perfect, everything they were saying. Tony’s notes about humiliation had been hesitant and contradictory, requesting that it not be mean. He hadn’t even known if such a thing was possible when he’d asked Phil to write it, but this was like every hint of a fantasy he’d ever had brought to life. They were being downright gentle even as they suggested that Tony was a tool they were using, one that needed to be serviced more effectively to improve his performance. He shivered and dropped a hand down to his dick, only to find that effort immediately thwarted.
Before a bemused and terrified Steve could attempt to muster anything near his Dominant headspace, Phil was handing the balls over to him—not one by one by one but all together in a cool and surprisingly heavy heap. Steve stared down at them clanging together in his hands, unable to comprehend what was being asked of him.
“Absolutely. And it’s not like you’ll have to do many public appearances after things die down. JARVIS and I will handle all the data gathering, and you can meet with a couple members of the PR team, people we really—”
The Avengers were amongst the most active people Steve had ever met. Not just physically, though of course keeping fit played a huge part in how many of them spent both work and leisure time. As a bunch, they also just weren’t the type inclined towards long sedentary periods; most of them associated such stretches with either illness or injury, and while they did come together to support/supervise their teammates when either struck, they all tended to be happiest with bodies and minds engaged.
Clint was benched while his ankle healed. He was short and downright nasty on occasion with anyone unlucky enough to cross his path. That, at least, seemed like it might be under control soon; after Clint had barked at Bruce of all people over making too much noise at breakfast that morning, Natasha and Phil had exchanged significant looks and then taken off after him. None of them had been seen since. The bigger problem, though, was Steve. He refused to leave his floor. He permitted members of the team (except Tony, Tony had somehow become persona non grata as far as Steve was concerned) down to see him for short spells, but they always emerged frustrated, tired and alone. Overall, it felt like all of the joy that had started to seep back into the Tower over the past several weeks had vanished, replaced with a bitter hopelessness that felt like it belonged far more to Tony’s universe than to this one.
And Peter knows, he
“Tony,” Steve protested.
“Can I suck you?”
Steve shouldn’t have laughed. He really shouldn’t have laughed, because God knew he had been where Tony was, totally wrong-footed and bewildered by his partners and embarrassed by that fact. And he wasn’t really laughing at Tony so much as at the absurd, wondrous joy of having Tony in front of him, yelling and cursing and making ridiculous demands all because he was being confronted with feelings and thoughts he didn’t know quite how to handle.
“Tony is fine. He knew exactly what he was doing last night; he had JARVIS look up how to support Doms in dep, and he offered the help he could while remaining well within his own limits. He didn’t tell you because JARVIS told him the probability of you turning down the help if you knew what he was doing was as high as ninety three percent.” Steve barely had time to digest the news that he hadn’t forced the very low level of Dominance he’d exerted last night on an unwilling partner, which was both a relief and hugely disconcerting. (Because that meant Tony had knowingly, willingly offered Steve his submission, and what was Steve supposed to do with that news? How could he feel so grateful and angry and guilty at once?) Because then Phil added, his cool tone entirely at odds with his otherwise submissive bearing, “He certainly did a better job of practicing self-care than you have done for yourself these past few weeks.”
“I did.”
“It’s Asgardian. It’s the only thing that can get Steve drunk, and I figured that since our metabolisms seem pretty similar, that was a good starting point.”
“You’re letting yourself feel all of it now. It’s going to take time; remaking yourself always does.” She didn’t offer anything else, nor did Natasha ask any questions about what had precipitated the panic attack. She just stayed there next to Tony, her grip on his arm solid but undemanding, and let him collect himself.
“I can assure you of the authenticity of the message as well as the identification of its sender,” Strange said gently. “I imagine you have other questions?”
Content Notes: This chapter follows almost immediately from the last MCU!Peter chapter, and as such is still dealing with the effects of underage drinking. You will probably want to give it a miss if that’s a trigger area, because it would be pretty hard to read around. Otherwise, no warnings I can think of!
I think that's the only thing requiring warning, but as always let me know if you have any questions or concerns!
When he’d fantasized about Coulson staying around in the other universe, fixing the cracks in the old team before they became universe-ending fissures, it had always been a very abstract thing. Tony was not a soldier or a spy; the closest he’d ever come to having a handler was Pepper, and she’d started to feel her own limitations in the role the moment Tony became an actual combatant. To have Coulson standing before him, calm and competent and ready to give Tony anything, it was almost intimidating. And still, his answer came easily.
“Shuddit, Platypus. Anyway, I went to a house party of this guy doing his PhD in robotics, and I was drunk but still entirely bored with the conversation. So I…borrowed some of the components of his project—”
“Are you kidding? I’ve dreamed of being here since…well, you know how long. I might never leave!” In his attempts to upsell the move, Peter very nearly gave away too much. His aunt’s gaze went from wistful and nostalgic to sharp and dangerous in a matter of seconds. How could Peter have been so stupid? May’s worst fear was precisely that, that Peter would find himself feeling trapped by fate and circumstance and accept superheroing as a life path rather than an occasional side-gig. That living in the Avengers HQ might push him further down such a path had been virtually her only argument against the relocation.
“It isn’t. I mean, it is in so many ways but not this part. He pushes up against you hardest because he needs you to show him where the line is, prove to him that you’ll keep him within in its boundaries. Most of the time you can do that with the Dominance. Sometimes, especially with this Tony, he needs something else. You gave him what he needed; now just give him some time to realize that, hmm?”
“Better watch it Phil or I really am going to try to steal him for SHIELD full time.”
“You can’t go with them.” Before Tony even had a chance to agree, Coulson put his hands up in a pacifying gesture. “I know that we can’t really stop you. And please know that this has nothing to do with not trusting you, or with thinking less of you because you’re not…the other Tony. But if Iron Man just shows up in the skies again without any kind of warning, people are going to panic. Some of them might actually try to harm the team, thinking you’re some kind of imposter or—”
“Tony wants to, and I quote, ‘explore all options up to and including moving to that hippo sanctuary he knows he won from that guy at the—”
When Tony exited the penthouse bedroom for the first time in days, he did not expect to nearly trip on the sleeping form of Natasha Romanov. Indeed, the image was so unexpected that he had a brief but intense internal debate over whether or not this might be a waking hallucination, but the indignant ‘oof’ sound she made was not something his imagination could have conjured. So this meant the most unbelievable option was also the true one: Natasha had been sleeping in the hallway outside his room.
“When I get have the time and the correct motivation, yes.”
No warnings for this one!
Steve stood, watching, caught between a hundred feelings he couldn’t begin to parse until Bruce called his name.
Steve got his answer when the doors to the media room slid open and he heard Tony’s voice—except it wasn’t this Tony. It was his Tony; in the footage, he stood in his usual sunglasses and immaculate suit at the entrance to SI’s New York offices. There was a small, healing wound above his right eyebrow that Steve recognized as a souvenir from one of their numerous battles against Doom.
“I should have realized. He never explicitly said, but he didn’t correct me or anyone else when we assumed that he was doing some long-distance Domming with other members of the team. It’s not perfect, that kind of thing, but it’s enough to get us all by on long-term missions.
appreciated in this universe, even by Clint who will usually laugh at anything.
“Take a look at the baseline colour of Thor’s skin. Touch his arms, and get a sense of his temperature, too; he’s another one on the team who runs hotter than humans, so it’s important to remind yourself every time where he’s starting from so that you’ll be able to tell if a tie is too tight and making him run cold. And yes,” he continued, speaking right over Tony who had opened his mouth to speak, “you could use JARVIS for that. He’s a good backup. But if I’m teaching you, you’re going to be able to take care of a submissive on your own without any extra help.”
“I just…want to be sure, you know?”
I owe dixiehellcat a debt of gratitude. Natasha is SO HARD TO WRITE sometimes, and I was super blocked but being stubborn about trying to finish before I let myself do anything else. Then she invited me to read the latest few chapters of her own work, and not only was that fun and excellent, but the break also helped re-set my brain, and allowed me to get this chapter out on time when it really didn't look like I was going to. Thanks, dixie!
Phil returned to the penthouse somewhere in that stretch, and he put a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
“Sure, I mean, it’s possible. I made a lot of the same fuck ups here as in my own world, so I get it. But then maybe you’ve got it all wrong.” Bucky was already shaking his head, and Tony wagged a chiding finger at him. “You have to consider all the potential options if you want to be scientific about this. Is not equally possible that what’s remarkable about those similarities is that no matter what’s been done to you, in every universe you always find your way back? To Steve, to yourself, to pretty much everything that made you who you were, you always come back. Which, really, is the best middle finger to HYDRA I can imagine, and I’m pretty sure I have flipped off at least a few of their membership by now.”
“Certainly, Captain Rogers.”
“Don’t make me take the Sir back, Talia.”
“You and I have had this conversation before and I will have it with you a hundred more times if you need, but we will always wind up in this exact same place, won’t we?” Natasha sighed and looked away, then visibly winced as Bruce bent her knee. “Nat. Let’s try again. Are you in any pain following your scene?”
It was probably for the best that Phil had confiscated Pepper’s super pointy heels somewhere around hour thirty-four of this whole venture. Other than that, the team had been remarkably cool about him having been holed up in one of the Tower’s conference rooms for going on three days now. Bruce had even given him permission to make it down for check-ins at whatever times were conducive to his workflow and the short breaks for sleep he and Pepper were taking. Someone also popped in every few hours to clear out the remains of takeout and dirty dishes and supply them with fresh coffee and snacks, but if they were monitoring how much of it Tony was actually eating or drinking, they didn’t comment on it at all. He loved them all the more for the ways they were proving what they’d always said: that they could and would back off when it was required.
“I assume you’re waking me in the middle of the night for a reason, Sir?”
“But Clint said—I mean, all the stuff about coming…”
denotes submissives (with 1 being someone exclusively inclined toward submission)
Immediately, Bruce’s hands were on him. First he made slight adjustments to Tony’s posture, widening the space between his knees, shortening the distance between his feet, turning his elbows so they were no longer hyperextended. Then the touches became a little more deliberate. The pressure of Bruce’s fingertips on Tony’s spine increased, tracing every vertebrae with quiet, careful attention. He lingered silently in some areas (Tony’s hipbones, his shoulders, the tense muscles between his brows) and skated easily over others, but always with a sense of complete comprehensiveness, like he was determined to know every facet of Tony’s body.
“Mr. Stark?” The breath was punched from Tony’s lungs all at once, and he gripped the doorframe with one hand as a fresh wave of pain crashed through him.
“DUCK!” The latter was a semi-frequent event as Clint’s ill-advised arrows seemed to have minds of their own when it came to choosing a path by which to return to Tony’s hand. On the third such occasion, Peter decided he would definitely not be trying to make the acidic web-fluid today.
He’d done his research privately because, as he’d told Cap when he’d stumbled upon Tony’s initial viewing party, he wanted to spare the rest of them the need to relive this for his benefit. But several of them seemed upset that Tony had taken the initiative to find information on his own.
“I can help you,” Tony said simply. “I want to do it because I can, and because you deserve it. I don’t expect you to trust that right away, because people are shitty and you learn that faster than most, doing what we do. But if I gave you a reason any more complicated than that it would be a lie, so there it is.”
“Holy shit, Rhodes. You never…he never…” Clint trailed off, looking vaguely nauseous. The expression was shared by most members of the room, who seemed far more impacted by the story than Tony himself. (I mean, was it disappointing to learn Howard had found new ways to fuck him up in this universe? Sure. Was it surprising? Hell no.)
With nearly anyone else in the world, this remark would be the height of unremarkable. Anyone else might not even look up from the book they were reading on their tablet, especially since Steve knew for a fact that Bucky loves Sally Rooney. But Bucky is not, has never been, just anyone. He easily disregards the casual tone of Steve’s voice, hearing the eagerness bordering on desperation behind it.
(See the end of the chapter for
history—well, a version of me. It’s pretty damn unfair of the team to ask me do this shit and then put restrictions on my access to relevant information.”
This was brand new and completely bewildering information to Steve. He glanced around at the other members of the team. Phil and Natasha had both gone unnaturally still. Next to them, Bruce’s eyes were narrowed. Clint got to his feet to pace, his usual reaction to stress, only to wince and sit back down. (Must have overdone it today. Even with the Air Cast, he was still supposed to limit his activity, but it was basically a team-wide effort to try to enforce those restrictions.) Bucky and Thor’s expressions were each dazed and unfocused, suggesting both were caught up mentally recounting their recent interactions with Tony. Pepper glared around at all of them, and then sighed and pointed at Steve.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve only had about a million other questions, but before he could formulate any of them, FRIDAY announced Sam’s imminent arrival. Since she didn’t usually do this when people were just moving about the compound, she seemed to be suggesting that he keep Tony’s digital presence a secret for now. As he could barely begin to comprehend it himself, Steve had little choice but to agree.
. He gritted his teeth and tried to sound casual.
“Whassa last thing you guys talked about?” Clint demanded. He loved Phil Coulson and had done for so long he’d long since forgotten what it was like
Content Notes: This chapter continues on almost immediately after the previous, so we're still dealing with Bucky's safeword and Tony (with help) working through the feelings left behind by his punishment last chapter. This includes (spoiler) so-called 'submissive high,' a post-punishment euphoria Tony initially takes to mean the team has 'fixed' him. He struggles with disappointment and sadness upon learning that's not the case, but the team helps him through. It also transpires that Bucky has a particularly strong 'Dominant voice', which Tony reacts very strongly to. Bucky doesn't provoke this response on purpose (the team isn't totally used to needing to regulate that with Tony) but it still happens.
“I just expect you to continue being an idiot?” MJ suggested helpfully. Peter beamed and nodded, taking another celebratory drink.
“I’m…sorry, I’m what now?”
“Director Rogers.”
For a second or too, Natasha closed her eyes, the bald way that this version of Tony sometimes wore his emotions overwhelming her. But before Steve would ever have started to worry about her capacity to cope, she had gotten down onto Tony’s pillow, meeting him at his level and tipping her head foreward so their foreheads were pressed together.
“You’ve been
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m bored. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not looking for end of the world style intrigue, but I can’t just sit around all day except when you guys want me to play good little sub. Despite my reputation back in the day, I’ve never been good with that much leisure time.”
Tuesday’s press conference seemed to take this approach even a step further. Tony revealed that Stark Industries, in a desperate attempt to avoid the release of the report Howard Stark had commissioned and then covered-up, demanded that Tony ‘confirm’ his identity by submitting to an invasive and extensive blood panel. The results, which Tony and an independent testing group from Wakanda made available to the public, of course confirmed that he is precisely who he says he is. But rather than take this as a victory, Stark concluded his address to the public by challenging the very premise of the question. I will quote him in full below, because this part of the press conference has been, to my mind, dramatically under-reported, and it shouldn’t be because it’s brilliant.
Tony wanted to argue with that, wanted to banish forever the idea that Steve could be unworthy of anything, but he couldn’t find the words, and Natasha took over before he could manage anything but a teary sniffle.
“Where the hell you takin’ me?”
“What the hell
(See the end of the chapter for
Argh. Team, I'm really sorry updates have been so sporadic. Routine means a lot to me, and I hate not coming through on commitments. But I remain sick with an eternal cold (nothing serious, no worries there, just a toddler who constantly brings home all kinds of bugs), and with precarious employment that means I can't take a sick day...well, something has to give. Lately it's been fannish stuff.
“You’re not,” Phil said back in a voice near a whisper. “No one ever wanted or expected you to stop loving or missing him, Steve, and having days where the pain of it is a little closer to the surface doesn’t mean you’re going backwards. It doesn’t mean you’re broken.” Steve said nothing to that, but then perhaps there was nothing else left to say. Words could only cover so much of what they had all lost together, and the kinds of psychic wounds that left behind. “Handler talking now, okay? Natasha is ready to go down for you—don’t argue with me, this isn’t a debate. Sleep first if you need to, but then spend the morning with her. Have lunch. Then you’re going to see Dr. Domen in the afternoon.”
"Tell me about it" Dr. Gooding commands and Tony has no other choice but to comply.
"Okay" Tony lies and the man knows it. The man sways but steadies his right foot. He manages to keep himself from falling.
" beats a rhythm in his mind and he doesn't stop until he's holding a too thin wrist in his rough hands.
"Um" Steve speaks up when eyes that must have been the inspiration for every love song, turns to him again. He pulls away when the gaze sharpens. "I'm sorry" Steve says and confusion flickers across Anthony's face.
Natasha flicks Anthony on the butt and he glares at her, while she returns the poisonous look. Sam wipes his face and doesn't say anything as Bucky sits on his lap.
His fingers tremble as Steve tugs his body across the space between them, and he smiles as the cotton sheets gives way like a ship gliding through the ocean. "Come here" Steve commands, though his voice is not harsh as it is when he's in charge. Tony inhales the sweetness of his cologne, the one that Natasha had given him for his birthday, the one that Steve once admitted, smelled like something his father wore. He presses his face into the soft skin of his neck, and breathes until the only thing he can smell is Steve.
"They're just curious" Rhodey says, one day when he finallys gets a day off. He spent the first half of the morning at Carol's before the two barged into the living room with beer and take out.
The second time Steve sees Anthony Edward Stark, he's laying on a bed. His head hurts and his mouth feels weird. "What the fuck was that?!" Anthony shouts at him, while Bucky hugs the bruised blonde.
Tony almost snorts to himself but that would be too inviting and the last thing he wants to do, is allow this asshole to break the silence.
"Yeah, I did. She was one of the saddest people I've ever met" his mother replies, and Steve remembers the first time his mother came home after meeting Maria Stark. She hadn't said a word, just went to bed without changing her clothes and cried until her skin flushed red. Steve had held her that night and cried with her.
"You're late" Happy says grimly, though he seems pleased that Tony is dressed in something other than fuzzy slippers and sweatpants.
"You just did" Tony says and Peter shoots him a "Come on" look that manages to make him smile. "Go on, string bean" he adds as Peter rolls his eyes at the Nickname.
"I'll just make eggs" he concedes and she  seems happier about that. He slowly makes his way down the hall in a sweat stained white t-shirt and baggy grey sweatpants, completed with purple socks.
As he's tying his shoes, he hears a loud knock coming from his front door. When he looks at the clock, he sees that it's 1:45.
"When Maria married Howard, everyone knew, hell even she knew that they would have problems conceiving. Howard was already old and even though no one knew, infertility ran in Maria's blood. So after two years of marriage and still she hadn't produced an heir, she flew back to Italy. She had to see her mother because Mama knew best"  Tony tells him. Steve remains silent as always whenever he gets the privilege of learning about Maria or Howard.  "So Mama gives her the necklace her own Mama gave her and she tells her to ask St. Anthony for help. And Maria, who had once forgotten about the God who had helped her to marry her American Titan, drops to her knees and begs for a son. She fasts for an entire month, doesn't eat or drink for days until they have to force an I.V on her. She pleads until her knees are black and blue. She prays in Italian, English and even in Latin to a God she doesn't even believe in anymore. When Howard  finally gets her back, he's forced to hide her away because he doesn't want her to embarrass him. It's the last time she ever gets to visit Italy but what they don't know is that the trip pays off. Because two months later, when she goes in for food poisoning, the doctor tells her that she's pregnant" Tony says, clutching onto the necklace. " She doesn't dare tell Howard of her suspicions, but Maria always felt that the patron saint helped her, so when I was born, she fought Howard until he finally relented and they named me Anthony" Tony whispers as he looks out the window, lost in the memories of a life that had never been kind to him, with parents who did not have it in them to translate feelings of love to their vulnerable child, instead they left that job to their English butler and his wife.
Since then Steve had not made any more efforts to meet with him, and while he's happy, he's always so sad, that sometimes Pepper catches him staring at the open door, almost like he's waiting for Steve to show up.
Tony is nervous. Class had just let up, and as he walked down the hallway, half listening to what Darcy is saying and scoping the halls for Steve, his hands trembled with each jolt his heart made. His hands are sweaty, and his tongue is jammed against his teeth on an effort to calm himself, when a shoulder bumps into his. He sees Darcy staring at him and the tension eases a little. "You'll be fine. They'll love you" she promises and he releases a breath as he stares at this wonderful, silly girl who has decided to keep him as her own. He doesn't understand why, but for some reason, Darcy has taken him as her friend and won't let him go. He knows she has no interest in his father's money, and she has no extra motive, no greed for the things he could make, instead she's enraptured by his awkwardness like a moth to a flame. "Come on" she urges him and she makes sure not to touch his skin. She's perceptive like that. He follows her through the tunnel of people who glance at him, the novelty of having a celebrity kid in their midst wearing off with each antisocial move on his part and when they make it outside, near the tree of boisterous teenagers, Tony feels the nausea at the back of his throat. Steve perks up again when they stare at each other, and Tony's fingers twitch at the intensity of that blue gaze. "Yeah" Darcy laughs as she pulls him to her friends who quieten down when they stand in front of them.
"You asshole" the Russian snarls and Tony is forced to take a step back as the Russian launches himself at the dude. Wanda sighs as the Russian chases down the other man, who's clearly enjoying having to run for his life.
His betrayal is too deep, too familiar and he knows that when Tony can no longer deal with the damage, Tony tends to hide behind the walls that his father had all but founded.
He feels light headed with the realization that this grumpy asshole makes him happy, who liked to hog all the sheets, who wore socks with sandals because he hated cold feet, who likes to search for sun spots in the tower so he can curl up and draw until the sun goes down, who always went to war with Clint using puns, who disliked dishonest men yet cheated at poker which always turned Thursdays into 'Dodge the angry Russian' and loved children so much, he would volunteer at the hospital so he could offer comfort to the little ones who doesn't deserve to suffer like they do.
He's cautious, body tense and poised, almost like he's ready to run.
"Thanks" is all he says, afraid that any more he would have broken himself.
"Busy" Tony says and glances behind them, where he knows the others are hiding. The few people walking by ignore them, because what is so interesting about those two men standing in a random road in France?
It's a silver necklace with a pendant of the patron Saint, Anthony of Padua.
Not once does he look back.
"It's near twelve, Tones" she says to him with a softer tone and he hums a little to let her know he's listening. "Have you eaten? Or taken your medication?" She asks and he turns again, listening to the city that drums through the phone.
This Steve is so much different that the Steve from a year ago. This is the Steve he had caught glimpses of, the Steve that came up with silly nicknames, who stopped even in the middle of a mission to speak with kids, to reassure them that their parents were okay, who loved the world even though it had left him behind.
They call him names like Bigfoot and the Yeti (especially the blonde with the hawk tattoo on his arm), make it into a game, where anyone who sees him outside his apartment would win five dollars or some shit.
Because he isn't comforted by the formidable tactical Captain but by the sometimes elusive Steve, the Brooklyn kid who fought even though he got his ass kicked just because he hated bullies.
"Yes, it's true" Pepper answers, as she stands. Happy takes over for her, whispering something to the boy who hasn't stopped crying. He wipes his face with the sleeve of his hoodie and blushes when he realizes they are staring at him. "Go get some water, okay" she tells him gently and he nods before following after Happy. He doesn't say anything to them, just walks past with trembling lips and shaking hands. Pepper watches him and waits until he disappears down the corner before she speaks again. "I would like nothing better than to call security on you three, but if I did, Tony will never forgive me. For some insane reason, he still cares for you all, especially you Captain " she says as she slips on her jacket. As she fixes her hair, the glint of her enagement ring, leaves him queasy. "So while I have some calls to make, I will allow you five minutes alone with him. After that, you all need to get the hell away from my fiancee" she says as she steps closer to Steve who stands straighter as those cold eyes dare him to go against her orders. "Do you understand?"she asks, and the steel in her voice, cuts him down to pieces.
He wakes up to the dregs of another dream, of a memory that his heart and mind won't let him forget. His mouth is dry and his eyes are wet, his body is shaking from the nightmare. His t-shirt is soaked in sweat and even his sheets are damp.
So when a hulking blonde sits down in the vacant seat in front of him, he looks up with a frown.
"I hate when you call him that" Steve says as he closes the door behind him. He washes his hand while Clint rolls his eyes. "What did he say to you?" He asks and Wanda shrugs off her coat, to join Clint near the kitchen.
"Give them hell, Shellhead" the man shouts when he crosses the road and without looking back, Tony raises a peace sign at him before disappearing  around the corner.
"Solid food only please" She pleads and he sits up, the sheets slipping off his chest.
"You've been watching Frozen again" Tony accuses and Jarvis shrugs like the Diva he is.
"It's not your place, Steve" his mother warns but Steve feels a imminent dislike curl around his gut as he looks away from the TV.
After Barnes had been discovered as the Winter Soldier, as Steve spent more time chasing after ghosts, as Aunt Peggy died and after Ultron, their feelings shifted and changed.
"Hey" he says when seconds of silence goes by.
The brief glimpse into Stark leaves Steve reeling. His chest hurts as he rejoins his friends who are surprised to see him again. He drops near Natasha and without a word lays his head on her lap. She smooths the wrinkles on his forehead and he closes his eyes. His Ma always did say he's too quick to judge, and damn, did he misjudge Anthony Stark.
"Stop running away from me" Steve softly says and he's surprised the other man hadn't shouted at him. He's counting his breaths, Tony realizes and he lets him.
"He's not shedding a single tear" Steve says and his mother looks at him. He feels righteous anger at that blank expression that Anthony Stark wears, and his hands curl into fists.
“Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.” ― William Shakespeare, All's Well That Ends Well
They try to hide behind their smiles and shining blue eyes, fiery red hair and stony gazes, but Tony knows.
Tony cradles the watch in his hands and his father's throat bobs as Tony nods to himself. "I, uh, I thought you would want some luck on your first day"his father says and Tony squeezes the watch in his hand.
"Didn't you meet her, Aunt Sarah?" Bucky asks as he punches Sam for stealing his hair band.
No one has ever asked about the necklace.
"It's okay. I'm sure I'll try them next time" he assures her and she nods. He pats her shoulder, awkwardly as can be and offers a tiny grin. "I'm sure they were great," he adds and she smiles.
Tony breaches the space between them, and takes his father's seat. "Hey there pretty lady" he smiles, and she rolls her eyes at him, though they soften as he takes her hands into his.
Tony learns that depression is a silent killer.
He just screams privileged asshole, and that's coming from Tony Stark, The Privileged Asshole himself.
He doesn't blame them for thinking otherwise but what they fail to realize is that Steve has hidden parts of himself from them. They don't know his entire story.
Tony grunts and wipes away the drool from the corner of his face. He sits up and yawns as Jarvis places the platter on his lap. "I wish I woke up like a Disney Princess" Tony says, voice pitched low and croaky from his sleep.
There was a story in those clothes, one that was practically screaming at Peter. After all this time Steve had never bothered to learn anything about new fashions or even explore different options for comfort. Peter knew enough to be fairly sure it wasn’t just that the guy was happy in the clothes he had. Steve hardly had an off-the-rack kind of shape, so the things he wore tended to either drape at odd angles or cling obscenely, leaving him forever tugging at and adjusting them. The metaphor for never really fitting in was so obvious even the worst students in Peter’s Language Arts course probably could have seen it.
Tony continued to casually complain about Clint Barton—Hawkeye!—the same way May used to complain about Ben leaving towels on the floor, as if this was nothing but a domestic squabble. Which Peter supposed it would be, even if to an outsider watching Tony Stark invent new state of the art weaponry for the Avengers was about as far from mundane as things got. Eventually, though, the novelty started to wear off enough that Peter didn’t feel like he’d miss something by retrieving his backpack and unpacking his web-fluid supplies.
Two days later, Tony was flying, and it wasn’t even a metaphor. He had a death grip on Thor’s absurdly sculpted shoulders and back while the other man brought them in to land using only Mjolnir as a guide.
Tony continues growing closer to the team, with movie night and his date with Thor both going in unexpected directions. Steve continues fighting several uphill battles: the workplace orientation and cross-training programs, and his efforts to keep Tony at arm's length.
“You’re playing high-stakes chicken with a group of dangerous, extremely motivated people who have endless resources and absolutely no sense of morality.”
“You ready, buddy? Sure that bench is okay, not putting too much pressure on your chest or anything?”
them to see. Wanted to remind them that he was Iron Man in this universe or any other. Their Tony might have had most of the things he himself had dreamed about, and several things Tony would never have even thought to ask for, but
“While all of us have endured much, none of us has faced the loss of a child. They are none of them cowards, but I believe they fear to witness too closely the wounds that loss has left behind. And perhaps they wonder if you truly wish to remain with us, if we shall ever be enough to make up for the absence of one you held so close.” Thor sat down on the bed next to Tony and sighed heavily. “I confess I myself have wondered this.”
, in that greedy, selfish, personal way that the program had tried to train out of her. She’d taken in it in a fit of temper, but she’d kept it as a totem, a reminder to herself that no matter what else she’d done, Natasha was still human enough to want something this much.
“’s that true, Sir?”
“No, it’s not—I’m thrilled he’s here. That you’re both here. It’s—really neurotic, even for me. Go back upstairs. I’ll try to find some wine somewhere else in this damn Tower to spare my pride and be up there in a minute.”
To their credit, the Spy Twins took the rejection well; by the time he got back they had turned on the television, presumably to cut down on the awkward silence, and they had made ample room for Tony at the end of the couch rather than forcing him to choose between filling the space between them or sitting across the room. And Phil still came up with bagels less than five minutes later. Agent was dressed down today, in jeans and deep green thermal. (Had he ever seen his Phil out of a suit?)
It was difficult to keep a straight face, particularly when the Board visibly swelled with pride, as if they had actually accomplished the things Tony was describing instead of actively attempting to prevent Pepper from almost single-handedly accomplishing them. (Yeah, this whole ‘Tony-is-so-happy-to-be-alive-he-just-loves-everyone’ shtick was going to have a limited shelf life, for his own sanity as much as anything else.) Tony made a point of making eye contact with Fletcher again, inclining his head slightly and watching as the guy stopped just short of rubbing his hands together like an evil mastermind in a cartoon. (Pathetic. If you’re going to piss me off, at least be interesting about it.)
“Nah. It’s not. I’d do anything for him, for any version of him. Helping them out is honestly more of a side benefit. Plus they’re good people; it wasn’t their job to force the other Tony not to get totally—I don’t know, caught up, obsessed, whatever it was that made him fall away from everything outside this Tower.” Pepper was so tired and open, wearing her emotions and her thoughts so much more plainly than she typically did, that Rhodey couldn’t help but feel compelled into a similar honesty. “I did wonder sometimes, if things would have turned out different if I’d fought harder for him, for our friendship. I know it’s ridiculous, nothing could have stopped the Witch—”
mean any restrictions on your own solo activities—”
He didn’t bother with Steve’s room. As far as Peter was concerned, the two of them spent more than enough time together as it was, especially given that they barely liked each other a lot of the time. Across the hall was a blank door. Peter couldn’t know for sure having only been in the main foyer of the building before it had been levelled, but he was pretty sure it had belonged to Tony in the old version of the compound. Immediately he was reminded of the way May had kept Uncle Ben’s chair at the table until after the Snap. In so many other ways Peter recognized now that May had modelled healthy grieving habits in the aftermath of Ben’s loss. She’d held on to some of his uncle’s stuff, but not too much; she talked about him sometimes, and encouraged Peter to do the same, but didn’t seem to let herself linger on anything outside the good memories. She kept a few pictures around, but didn’t allow the house to become some kind of monument .The chair, though…the chair had been the one outlier, a quiet but stubborn refusal to release her husband without a fight.
“Never hung around that long, no.” The words came out in a harsh rasp, and Tony spared a moment to wonder if his voice always sounded like that these days and he just hadn’t noticed, or if talking about Bruce’s absence really cut that deep after all this time. “I thought we were talking science anyway here, Brucie-Bear. Teaching me everything I need to know to be able to pull this act off convincingly.” Bruce sighed, and then he sat down on the bed next to Tony. They weren’t touching, but he was near enough that Tony could catch a whiff of the other man’s hair product (it was the only scented thing Bruce ever wore, his fear of contaminating his work defeated only by his efforts to tame his unruly curls).
“Hey, Fareeda. You can kick things off if you go easy on me.” She grinned and stood, ignoring the jealous glares of her colleagues.
After Bruce tries to get to the root of Tony's food isues, Pepper, Rhodey and Tony go on a field trip. Steve makes a decision about how his and Talia's mission will proceed.
It was midday on a Wednesday, so the park wasn’t as hectic as it sometimes got, but there was still plenty for Tony to see and take in. A few tables away, a young submissive knelt at his Dominant’s feet. His head was in her lap and he appeared hazy and half-asleep, a sure sign of either drop or very intense subspace. Across the courtyard, a Dom led a sub on a collar and leash to join a couple at another table. The subs immediately curled up next to one another on a patch of grass, like cats lounging in a sunbeam, as their Doms laughed with indulgent fondness and discussed the previous night’s hockey game. In the area cordoned off for sexual play, a submissive took a switching from two Dominants while several others gathered around to watch. Tony’s eyes were everywhere, gathering as much information as he could without lingering too long on any particular group. Steve would have given quite a lot to know what he was thinking just then, but he let the other man settle in at his own pace.
Not just @SteveRogers! The whole team is SO in love! #RespectPolyRelationships #AllLoveIsTrue #IBelieveTonyStark
“God no,” Tony interrupted. He might have been tempted for all of five minutes last night to let Peter and May’s relationship suffer so that his own bond with Peter might be fast-tracked, but no one who had spent any time at all with these two would need anything near Tony’s level of intellect to recognize that they love and needed one another. May had supported Peter through multiple unthinkable traumas, and while their journey in this universe had been a slightly rougher one, she’d still helped mold Peter into the remarkable kid who sat in front of them, hurriedly trying to use the cover of everyone else being occupied to brush some crumbs off of the kitchen chair. “I just…I found out a little while ago who Peter was, and I wanted to help. I made contact with him when he was hospitalized—”
“It was…better, I guess.”
“You did good out there,” he heard Rhodey tell Tony as they all made their way back to the house. “Thank you for taking care of what’s ours.”
“Good. Now, give Peter about another half hour of your time and energy, and in exchange I will make you the world’s best preemptive hangover food. Which we will then eat with our feet up on that fancy-ass slab of granite white folks insist on calling breakfast bars these days. Thoughts?”
“He came back from Wakanda last night. They phoned ahead to warn us he was in Dominant deprivation.” Natasha’s face lost what little colour it had, and then she unleashed a string of multi-lingual curses that sounded no less vicious for the fact that they were whispered. Tony half-expected the onslaught to wake his napping partner, but Cap didn’t even twitch. (The deprivation must really wreak havoc on even Cap’s system.)
Which was how they wound up eating fast food forty minutes later while sitting in an empty parking lot, dressed to the nines, on the hood of one of Tony’s more subtle cars. Steve had made himself a bib out of several of the supplied napkins to protect his suit, and was taking an adorably delicate bite out of his fifth Big Mac. Tony had yet to get through one, mainly because he’d spent almost the entire time staring at Steve.
“Can’t ask you to make a major life decision when you’re still under. Informed consent, Sugar Cookie. Now for fuck’s sake open it so we can actually ask.”
“If you turn off the Iron Guard Dog I’ll stay in the Tower on one of the guest floors and work remotely,” Pepper volunteered quickly.
“Hate you? You think I could hear you say something like this, that you’re happy enough with your life outside the armour that you can let Iron Man go, that I’ll
“Of course not. They’re gonna find out on their own though, you know that right? And I gotta tell you man, you’ll totally deserve whatever punishment they hand out. If you were mine you wouldn’t be sittin’ properly for a couple days.” There was a quiet huff from the corner of the room, which suggested both that Dr. Chimva agreed with Rhodey
Steve’s euphoria over his relationship didn’t fade the way even he had expected it would. Even the things that seemed like they might be barriers—like Tony being so new to their world—were often unexpectedly exciting. Steve got to experience even the most mundane aspects of orientation from a new perspective; watching Tony the other day when Clint had buckled cuffs on him and clipped his wrists together at his front, for instance, had been wholly captivating. Tony had stared down at his hands and then back up at Clint in shocked helplessness, like he couldn’t quite believe his Dominant had done precisely as he’d promised and rendered Tony’s constantly busy, endlessly capable hands immobile.
Hence, Community Day, in which the team suited up and then worked in small teams to help solve on-the-ground kinds of problems ranging from stolen purses and lost kids to, on one occasion Clint still never shut up about, breaking up fights at the Times Square Olive Garden. The problems were small, the solutions equally manageable, and the payoff immediate. Steve
“How can I help you?”
Though he was repeatedly assured after the fact that he didn’t entirely lose consciousness, Tony’s memory of the next hour and change following the scene with Steve was hazy at best. The next thing he was really aware of was the sound of a vaguely familiar movie, and of  being held in a set of arms that, while extremely familiar, didn’t make sense in this context.
MJ did not think much of this idea. She also fruitlessly tried to suggest that Peter slow down drinking his stolen alien booze, but Peter had cheerfully disregarded this idea. It had been so long, so fucking long since he’d felt anywhere close to okay. Why would he not want more of the deep contentment that was coursing through him now?
“So fucking what, Stark. Did he ask for an autograph or something too? You want a congratulations because the Big Bad gave you a personal shout-out?” Clint snapped. He was staring at the pictures of his wife and kids again, Steve knew it without even bothering to look up. That was all Clint did these days, when he wasn’t barking at each of them in turn for not yet having a fully-developed plan to reverse the Snap and its after-effects.
“I need…will you, I need you to do more with that than warm me up. There are...there's things I haven’t told you, and I want to, but I don’t know if I can—please.” Which, okay. He heard it. He got that he sounded…well, not good. It would have made less sense if Natasha
“And what about some of the other elements of your life here?” Phil asked, putting down his soup spoon and leaning back in his chair. “You know, of course, that Bruce updated us about the events of the other day. But please know that none of us are forming expectations or assumptions based on a single encounter. We’re not here to demand anything from you, just to have a frank conversation about whether any of our boundaries or limits might need to be adjusted. Is that something you’ve had time to give some thought to, Tony?”
them. He wished he were the type of man to stay there, happily ignoring the man behind the curtain in favour of the illusion.
“As anyone who ever worked with me here knows, I’m not exactly the type to sit quietly and do as I’m told.” A chorus of appreciative laughter greeted this entirely accurate assessment, Steve’s among them. Talia’s smile when her eyes found him at the back of the room was wide and open. “The point is not to stop a submissive from asking questions, or pointing out flaws in how something is being done. If there is something about the system they don’t trust and aren't comfortable with, that’s on you, on all of us, to fix. But there’s a difference between that and seeking attention or correction. As a Dominant, one of the most crucial judgements you’ll have to make is which one is happening at any given moment.”
He was not, however, quite so ready to accept it that he was actually prepared to see Tony. Naturally, Bucky didn’t care a whit. When Tony requested entry to the floor for the fifth time that day, Bucky hurriedly agreed, reaching up to throw his hand over Steve’s mouth when he attempted to protest.
And speaking of Toomes, how had he managed to get on both Tony and Peter’s radars while staying off of SHIELD’s? Steve was going to have a whole lot of questions for the New York team come Monday morning.
“Beautiful,” he murmured. “Mine.” Tony muttered frantic agreement, sighing in relief as Phil resumed his previous position on the bed. “Go ahead, sweetheart. Show off a little for me a little now, hmm? Make me feel good.”
“Does it really count if I would rather not be?”
“Wouldn’t have traded a second,” Phil said firmly, dropping a kiss to the top of Tony’s head on his way into the kitchen to make tea. Everyone else nodded or vocalized unambiguous agreement, and Tony, caught between pleasure and sheepishness, rubbed the back of his neck and muttered something unintelligible.
No content notes I can think of in this one, beyond a semi-explicit start of a scene between Nat and Tony. If you're sex-repulsed, don't enjoy het pairings, or just don't want to read it, just skip the last section of the chapter beginning "Unlike with Clint..."
“No, but it is though. Why are you so interested in Peter, in me? Why call me last night and tell me he was here?”
“Have a seat.” Seiko Domen was a SHIELD-approved therapist. She hadn’t personally treated any other members of the Avengers before (one of Natasha’s many requirements, she’d informed Steve on their walk here), and on first glance she appeared mostly unthreading. She was a middle-aged woman clad in a dark blue collared shirt patterned with white flowers and grey slacks. Her face was round and bracketed by shoulder-length black hair cut into a bob, and she sat cross-legged on Steve’s armchair. (They were meeting on his floor, another requirement of Natasha’s.)
“So who’s this one for?” Again, Natasha answered by producing an object: this time, the arc reactor that Tony had removed from his own chest earlier that night. Steve reached out and laid a fond hand on the smooth glass,
“If this is a lead-in to some kind of cheesy line about not wasting it that results in group sex, I am 100 percent down,” Clint declared with a highly exaggerated lick of his lips. Tony wanted to take the out, wanted this conversation to be over while Steve’s hand was still in his and he was still smiling at Tony like he could barely believe he was real. But he’d only done half of what needed doing.
“No,” he denied quickly. It might have been easier and more expedient to let Pepper believe that, but everything in him railed against the suggestion.
“I’d you to imagine your ideal day,” Phil interrupted, cooly cutting through Tony’s bullshit the  same way he always had. “Not a special occasion or anything like that, just…a regular Tuesday.”
“Let’s plan on a full day of non-sexual play involving you as soon as you get back, then?” Steve proposed. “You sketch it out in as much detail as you usually do ahead of time, and send us your notes.” Rhodey agreed readily, and even leaned in to give Steve a brief hug and a back thump on his way out the door. They were getting there, Steve thought hopefully.
“Ow, JARVIS, what the hell?” The bolt of green light the witch had tossed at Tony, which he’d assumed to be purely for show, had connected with his left bicep and left behind a tiny burn mark.
“Can you pass the adamantium?”
help, Tony—and then we’ll come back and you can eat lunch at my feet, get in some time on your knees. Your afternoons are yours to do with as you please, though you’re to keep me informed as to your general plans, and you’re definitely not to leave the Tower without me. We’ll eat dinner together at seven, and you’ll be in bed with a sleep aid by midnight.”
“It was not the Avengers who requested the restriction, Sir. It was Colonel Rhodes.”
“Tony?”
I too (and the author) occasionally feel mystified by Tumblr, but I have received your questions!
The room was silent for a long time, as Tony had expected it would be. Then the woman he vaguely recognized as Pepper’s assistant raised her hand.
It still amazed Steve, sometimes, how quickly certain things could happen in this century when you had access to enough resources. He’d grown use to it on a small-scale, with things like food delivery and twenty-four hour convenience stores, but it was on a different level entirely to have a full supply of paint, decorations and furniture (kinky and otherwise) appear seemingly out of nowhere with less than a full day’s notice.
“No one doubts that Tony Stark was a good man, Steve. Or any of the folks you knew in the 40s, either. But they were all people—fallible, imperfect people. You aren’t sullying their memories by recognizing that.”
. He’d told Bucky as much the day it had happened. How had Steve turned into this mess, a man who lived in his memories and couldn’t manage to give voice to the reality of his present? Was he really this far gone?
the shield.”
They went through all the routine questions Steve was required to verify, information about her general wellness and her hormone levels and her workplace performance, and she answered all of them with decidedly more grace and candour than she would have once afforded anyone daring to make such inquiries. But he still found himself unsatisfied when they’d reached the end of the list.
“That collar was destroyed in battle, and what was left of it was buried in a private memorial. After my team and I have had time to re-familiarize ourselves with one another I certainly hope to be gifted with another, but that isn’t something any of us want to rush.” Another silence, this time solemn and accompanied by many bowed heads, fell. This turned out to be convenient on a number of levels, because it allowed Pepper to smoothly step up to the podium to wrap things up, and it gave Tony a few seconds to recover from the realization of how sincerely he’d felt in the moment when he’d hoped aloud for their collar. (Clearly he'd gotten a little too into his role, here.)
“I believe the UN would be amendable, but you truly believe you could persuade your own government of the value of such a program? I am not unaware of how they speak about our orientational practices in your country, Captain.” She didn't bother repeating any of the hateful, bigoted language that often got circulated in those conversations under the supposed banner of concern, and nor did Steve seek to clarify. They were both entirely too aware of the ugliness of the world.
“Hey!” Tony muttered.
He pointed to a green shake after a moment of consideration. After he ate they were undoubtedly going to want him to say
"Not gonna work now that we know we both kind of are."
“And what if I decide I want to stay? What if that’s my choice?” Tony demanded to know, an edge of defiance in his tone that was so entirely Tony that Steve couldn’t help but smile even through the tears that definitely were not going to remain at bay much longer.
(See the end of the chapter for
He still didn’t know how he felt about it, really, and he wasn’t sure he waned to figure it out. So Tony lingered over the kitchen table, opening and closing his messaging app multiple times. The kid had left hospital AMA that morning; how soon was too soon to check in on him?
As always, if you have questions or concerns before or after reading, you can always feel free to let me know.
There’s a brutal edge to Bucky’s tone that Steve, on guard against Sam’s particular brand of gentle attack, simply does not see coming. He’s not used to looking for any kind of an attack from Bucky, really, because while the man had no issues calling him on his bullshit in the past, there had always been an underlying assumption that they would always agree on the things that truly mattered. Till the end of the line.
Steve grinned as he inhaled and caught a fresh whiff of pine. Not content with having decorated the penthouse, Tony had ordered Christmas trees for every floor of the building. Steve had tried hard to feel at least a little concerned about the excess of it, but it was damned near impossible to feel negative about anything when Tony was wandering the Tower with his brand new collar around his neck, humming Christmas carols while Dummy trailed behind him wearing a Santa hat. And besides, Tony had taken the time to decorate the trees on everyone’s floors to their tastes; Steve’s was covered in elegant, simple glass ornaments in reds and golds and silvers, and it even featured an angel at the top. This despite the fact that Tony himself had no investment in the religious aspects of the holiday, had laughed outright when Clint had confessed their worries that his interest in marriage signalled some kind of secret religious practice.
“So, about that condo I sent you a link to?” There was a distinct edge of relief to May’s expression, even as she made a show of glaring.
It was annoyingly hard to stay self-reighteously angry, Tony reflected, when people in this universe kept being all reasonable and clear. He stuck his tongue out at the guy’s floating cloak to try to make himself feel better, and the thing ruffled in satisfying annoyance.
, had instead folded himself into a cross-legged position, but the visual wasn’t much better. It was almost everything Steve had dreamed of since he’d lost the other Tony: his oldest friend and partner curled up at Steve’s feet next to Tony, a man Steve had just started to accept he would always love in every possible variation.
“I hope so,” she replied. English, just to add insult to the injury that was the Black Widow and the Winter Soldier surrounded on all sides by evidence of all that had once been forbidden to them: domesticity, camaraderie, love. He nodded just once and turned away before they drew anyone else’s attention to the small addition she’d made, and Natasha longed for him as fiercely and deeply then as she had once longed for a beautiful, shining vase in a darkened hallway.
“I’m surprised you’re permitting her to say as much as she is about the Kimoyo beads. My impression was that the Princess is quite protective of that particular technology.”
Peter made a valiant attempt to swat at the alarm. He wasn’t precisely sure when he would have bought an old fashioned alarm to begin with when he had a perfectly good phone, but morning was not a time for questions. Morning was a time for sleeping.
“Ever since our Tony died, the board has been making every possible play to move us back towards weapons manufacturing. It started with stuff fairly above-board, just sneaky—lobbying for contracts to make things that, while not technically weapons themselves, could easily be weaponized in very few steps. We’d have clauses in the paperwork forbidding that they be used that way, of
