He rips out the pages, the Woman in White, the Wendigo, the exorcisms, and drops them into the flames, then he hands the book to Sam.
But I never deserved to be saved. Especially not now. Especially not by him. Again.
Dean Winchester smells like whiskey and Purgatory. Half-asleep and half-drunk, he pours the rest of whatever is in his glass down his throat, knocking aside the empty bottles that litter the table in front of us. “Fuck God,” he says. “Fuck everything.” He drops his head down onto the splintered wood, dragging his fingers down his face.
“But maybe all that matters is that he came back. And maybe you don’t need a definition for him.” She glances down at her phone and stands up. “I have to go, my Mom’s with my kid. I told her I took the late shift at the hospital tonight. But cleaning bedpans and bloodstains doesn’t really pay the mortgage anymore. If you change your mind, and you need something, I’m here a couple of times a week.”
Castiel slams the Dean’s bedroom door shut behind them. “Why do you want this, why do you want me, now?”
He’s still fighting, still pulling back and trying to save Jack’s grace.
“Destiny, maybe.” Castiel says. “It’s not for me to understand.”
Jack combs through the grass, collecting sticks and branches from the ground. He reads the tombstones as he passes them, wondering, who each grave’s inhabitant was, how they died, if they’re in Heaven. He wonders, if Heaven will be different, with Amara in charge. He wonders, if somewhere, his mother knows, that the world is safe now, and that she doesn’t have to worry about him anymore. He wonders, if she’s still proud of him, even though, he isn’t special, he’s only human.
And I need it for myself, because the craving is back, and I don’t know why.
There’s a clearing in front of him, and he stops. He could turn around now, before he has to face the burned-out corpses of his family, before he has to face God, alone and human and powerless.
The sting of rain drips down into Castiel’s still-broken skin, and his clothes, saturated, cling to him, cause tiny bumps to raise on his flesh, and Dean’s weight, crushed against his thighs, makes him numb. He opens his mouth against Dean’s, lets his tongue fall through Dean’s lips. Before, when his grace was intact, when he still belonged to Heaven, Castiel could taste everything, when Dean let him do this. Castiel could taste the whiskey, the shitty diner food and beer, the traces of whoever’s legs Dean’s face had been buried in last, sometimes, the traces of Castiel, himself. But now, all Castiel can taste is Dean.
“Doesn’t look like it.” Sam looks back at the picture-frame covered credenza. Kids in graduation caps. Kids in Halloween costumes. Charles Dryer standing on the beach with his arm around some blonde in knee-length white shorts.
The ground crumbles, as Castiel makes his way out of the rift, and into the dark midnight of a forest in Pontiac, Illinois. A makeshift grave marker is knocked on its side, mangled remains exposed to the air. Beneath a sky reflecting the reddish glow of an exposed underworld, Castiel kneels, resting Dean’s soul against the bones and mutilated flesh.
“No,” Dean says, because lying out here, in the dirt, against Castiel, is better than waking up from a million nightmares about Jo and Ellen, about the Apocalypse, better than waking up alone on Bobby Singer’s couch. “No. Just let me sleep.”
“I came to talk to you, make you an offer.” Chuck folds his arms across his chest. If I had my grace, my powers, I’d smite him right now.
Every inch of him wants to hate Castiel, for everything. For deserting him, for letting him ransack Purgatory, for abandoning him to this world, desperate and terrified and defeated. But his tongue strains along Castiel’s mouth, strains to push itself in between Castiel’s teeth, strains for Castiel to reciprocate something.
Sam shoves me backward, back into the dirt, pulls at his hair. “We need to take out Chuck, we need to bring everyone back. Eileen. Donna. Charlie. We need them all back. And we aren’t going to do that with demon blood, we aren’t going to do this, we’re all dead. He’s going to kill us, all of us.”
But Hayley is different. Hayley says that she loves him, that she wants to be with him forever. She buys him coffee in the morning, and she tells him all the things the other associates say about him, all the things the other associates do behind his back.  And she’ll let him do anything he wants to her.
Every single thing he had done, had only made things worse, and every single thing he had done, was all because Chuck was controlling him. He had believed that he, on his own, could save everyone. But it was Dean, and Cas, and Jack, and Ruby, and Amara, who had finally ended it all, and Sam hadn’t been anything other than God’s pawn in another Armageddon.
“Fuck you, Cas,” Dean stabs the edge of the blade into the ground, twists it in the soil. “I told you, I want to stop. But I can’t. Not tonight.”
“I don’t think it’s going to help you against, you know, Chuck, or whatever he calls himself.” Ruby closes the laptop and rests her elbow on it.
“Your decision. But don’t expect me to stick around and help you to come down from whatever this makes you do.” Crowley reaches into the inner pocket of his suit jacket, pulls out a familiar-shaped blade and runs it along his wrist. “Take what you need, not what you want.”
Dean twists his fingers in Castiel’s hair, pulling Castiel’s head down onto his shoulder. He moves his hand up Castiel’s throat, wrapping his other hand around it. Dean turns his face into Castiel’s, running his tongue along his jaw, down his neck, tugging harder on his hair. Dean’s fingers trail along Castiel’s chin. He leans further back into Dean, sliding down him just enough to let Dean press his lips into his. Dean’s hand drops from Castiel’s hair, down his back, between his legs.
But now, I’m here, underneath Sam Winchester, again, apparently trying to help him kill God.
“And they’ll still believe whatever I tell them about you.” Sam leans forward, puts his head in his hands, tries to tell himself that nothing about this is right. That there’s nothing he can say, or do, that would justify what he’s about to do. No excuses he can give Dean, no reason why.
“Me too,” Ruby says. “A long time ago.”
“No,” Dean’s arm drops to his side, the gun resting on the mattress. “I’m not letting you poison me.”
“I don’t belong here.” Ruby could feel it, the minute Dean saved her from the Empty. She could feel humanity, seeping back through her veins. She could feel herself fading, even before Sam had started draining her.
“I failed her, Cas. I should have done something.” Dean closes his eyes against Castiel’s palm.  “I’ve failed, so many times, to protect people I should have protected. I’ve failed Sam so many times. I failed Sam, by letting Lucifer get away again. I’ve failed you.”
Once, I led armies. Once, I pulled Dean Winchester’s soul from Hell. But then I fell, a hundred times I fell, and now there’s nothing left of me.
Sam has been looking for Dean for something like an hour when he finally finds him there. The air is abnormally cold, and Sam watches his breath dissipate in the air as he sits down in the grass beside Dean. He doesn’t ask why he’s laying here, in the road, because it doesn’t matter, he only says, “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Fuck,” Dean drags his fingers down his face and lets his head fall back onto the pillow.
Dean can’t look at her. He had been ready to sacrifice her, to let Jack slaughter her. And then he had begged for her when he had nothing else, no hope.
I stand over him, for a minute, maybe longer, and he just lies there, naked, silenced by the material between his teeth. I watch his stomach and chest move up and down while he breathes, I watch his hands move across his waist, down his pelvis. He touches himself, and closes his eyes, like he’s embarrassed that I can tell he wants this just as much as I do.
Dean’s slides himself down, until his head is buried in Castiel’s abdomen and he looks up at him.  “What do you want, Cas?”
Last night on Earth. And Castiel’s spending it by wasting Dean’s stolen money on trying to get himself hard enough to fuck someone who won’t remember him, anything about him, twenty minutes after he’s done, if he can even get that far. He can think of a thousand other things he would rather be doing. Maybe a hundred. Maybe only one.
She’s told me that before. Before I helped her start the Apocalypse.
Castiel slides his hand up into Dean’s hair, and he moves Dean’s face closer to his own. All Castiel wants is to ask, to plead, Dean to commit every sin Castiel can imagine, in the twisted and tattered sheets beneath them, to have the body he raised from Hell against him, for Dean to be part of him.
“He wanted this,” Sam runs the blade of a knife along the ground, scratching zig-zag lines into the cement. “Because he’d rather be with you than be in Heaven. Because if there’s anyone who can help someone be…human…it’s you, because you’re the best one that any of us know.”
But, tonight, Dean escapes justice again. Escapes back to where he had dropped Castiel off only hours ago, to where he’d just spent 45 minutes cleaning bloodstains off walls and carpets, to where he’d just rocked a baby to sleep before slipping out into the night to dump a nameless corpse in a nameless place. And, standing under the black sky, Dean calls Sam, so that he can pretend he isn’t watching the way Castiel is still talking to Nora or whoever she is, so that he can pretend he isn’t worried that Castiel might end up in her bed.
This is nothing like it was, nothing like it’s supposed to be.
Castiel nods, wraps the towel around his stomach. Dean’s clothes create puddles on the floor as he opens the door. Down the hall, Sam’s door is closed, and he knows Ruby is in there, and he knows he should care, knows he should try to stop whatever is going on. But he looks back at Castiel, wrecked and human, and he wants this, and he’s tired of protecting Sam.
Because, when he’s fucking me, I can’t hear the Empty, and I can’t hear the cries of a million dead angels and demons, and I can’t remember the never-ending nightmares. I can’t remember anything.
“The demon blood? Okay. If you say so.”
But Dean said he had to do this, said he had to let Eileen know everything.
“Until recently?” Dean lifts his head just enough for his eyes to meet Castiel’s across the darkness.
“I can’t,” Dean lowers his head, against Castiel’s chest.
“Sammy,” is all I can manage to say in response.
Somewhere on Interstate 70 in Missouri or Illinois or Indiana, Dean turns the radio off.  He’s been driving for ten, maybe eleven hours straight now, and the road in front of him is beginning to blur in the hazy twilight.
He should have realized, though, that Dean would never leave him there, that Dean would save him. And lying in his bed, listening to Sam and Dean fight for maybe the fifteenth time since they’d gotten back to the Bunker, Castiel wishes that Dean would have just given up on him.
And when Crowley is gone, Castiel lays down in the grass and watches Heaven. He watches Heaven even as sprinklers rise from the ground and saturate his already wet clothes, spraying across his face and into his mouth. Droplets of water fall into his eyes, and he prays, prays to God to tell him what to do, prays to God to save him from what he’s about to do, prays to God to stop him from falling, prays to God to give him Dean Winchester back.
There’s no response, to Sam’s knock at the door. There’s no response, when he turns the doorknob. There’s no response because Charles Dryer’s head is pressed against the keys on his keyboard, and his neck is twisted and broken. There’s a growing stream of letters and numbers typed across the screen from the weight of Charles Dryer’s face on top of them.
“This is really what you want to do, you and Dean?” Eileen shifts into park, the headlights of the Plymouth Valiant shining onto the crossroads in the fading sunlight.
Castiel covers Dean’s mouth with his own as he shoves himself forward, pushing Dean’s knees up to position himself within him. Dean’s body collapses against Castiel’s and Dean moans, in pain, then in shock at the feeling of having Castiel, inside him, part of him.
And there’s things I’ve done, people I’ve had, people who’ve had me, that I’ve hidden away from everyone, because that’s not how Chuck wrote me.
“No, I’m sorry.” She pulls the zipper on her bag closed, shoves it beside her. “I just—I have a kid at home and I need the money.”
Lucifer is here. Lucifer is possessing the body of Ethan Burke, chairman and CEO of Babylon National Bank. Billionaire. Number Sixteen on the Forbes Richest People List. Or something like that. Whatever Crowley had told him.
The prize is missing from the cereal box. Again.
“No,” Dean pulls his jacket closed across his chest. No, his last girlfriend’s memories of him were annihilated by the angel he wants to fuck, has sort-of fucked, whatever.
“Yeah. Me neither. Sam and I told you, our dad hated the City. Too big, too loud, too dirty, too whatever.” Dean adjusts the volume on the radio, until the music drowns out the engines of the cars surrounding them. “I think it was just too much for him. Too many people.”
He doesn’t respond. He kisses me while trying to slip away from me all at the same time, trying to deny what I want while he fumbles around with the button of his jeans. I can feel him, breathing into my mouth, and I can’t think of anything other than the way his fingertips are running along the top of my pants. I let him believe that he has some kind of control over me, even though I could make him do whatever I want, overpower him, use him, like all the other angels would.
But Castiel is lost.
Castiel knows that, maybe this is it, when Dean finally breaks him forever. He tries to come up with something, that doesn’t sound stupid, or ridiculous, but he isn’t good at this, and he decides it doesn’t matter anymore, that nothing matters, because Chuck is going to slaughter all of them. He leans forward, over Dean, and presses his lips against Dean’s. He waits for Dean to push him away, but instead Dean’s tongue is in his mouth, and his face is buried in Dean’s neck, and Dean’s fingers are tangled in his hair.
“Why? You don’t. Quit that shitty job with that shitty boss who used you, tricked you into watching her kid.” Dean runs his lips up the back of Castiel’s neck.
Dean doesn’t close his eyes, doesn’t look away, because he’s afraid that someday, Castiel will decide he doesn’t want this, doesn’t want him, anymore. And he’s afraid that someday, Heaven, or something worse, will steal Castiel away from him. And he’s afraid that he loves Castiel, and that, maybe, Castiel loves him back, and that it will be the end of both of them.
And when he’s done, when Castiel pulls himself out of, away from, Dean, when Castiel’s lips drift away from his, Castiel reaches behind Dean’s head and underneath his pillow, and slips his fingers through the cold metal of the Colt.
But Castiel has always stopped Dean, before they went too far, before Castiel was lost forever.
And Castiel knows that, this could keep him banished from Heaven forever. But the way Dean tastes, the way Dean’s sweat feels against his face, the way Dean pulls and tangles his fingers in Castiel’s hair when he comes, is better than anything that God, that Heaven, could ever give Castiel.
“I’ve never been anybody’s anything,” Dean says against Castiel’s lips.
- Luke 22:19
“You don’t,” Dean says. “Not if you want my help, not if you want me on your side.”
“You’ll figure it out too. You and Cas,” Sam turns to Dean, expecting him to change the subject, deny, evade, the usual. “Or are we just not going to talk about you and Cas?”
She says my name over and over until I lift my head from her shoulder. She tries to lift me off the ground, her voice becoming more urgent, she pulls me backward, yanking on the collar of my coat.
There’s nothing left here. Abandoned cars line the road. The smell of mass casualty, of slaughter, of women and children first, still hangs in the atmosphere.
Dean can feel Castiel’s breath on the back of his neck, but he tells himself, maybe he’s imagining it. He tells himself that, if he ignores the feeling of Castiel’s hand on his arm, everything will go away, everything will be fine. He won’t have to hear the things he doesn’t want to know.
There are diplomas on the wall. Bookshelves that are mostly empty. A couch with throw pillows that have been discarded to the floor. A pile of newspapers that look like they’ve never been unfolded, never been read. A glass coffee table that’s been turned onto its side. And Ethan Burke, sprawled out on the rug behind his desk. Ethan Burke, eyes burned out, eyes two black holes to nowhere.
“What?"
If he could, Castiel would rip Dean’s scars raw, make them permanent, brand Dean as his, only his, forever.
“Not by yourself. One of us has to go with you.” If we let him go alone, there’s no way he won’t be dead forever, there’s no way he can fight the Empty and save Cas, there’s no way the Empty will let him go again.
And she lets her tongue fall into his mouth as she rips his heart out of his chest.
Castiel parks Lisa’s car, backing its tires against the curb. Then he walks through the neighborhood, against the setting sunlight, along where the grass meets the blacktop, until he finds a Pontiac Grand Am, its black paint fading away, resting on the curb across from the darkened windows of a house with a red brick walkway.
Dean Winchester has already broken. And he slices, whittles away at the souls at his mercy. They beg him to stop, they beg him to forgive them, they beg to get off the rack. Every single one of them still wearing their human face, every single one of them screaming in their human voice. Castiel can tell some of these souls are nothing but evil, that they inflicted unimaginable pain during their time on Earth. But others were motivated by feelings and desires that Castiel doesn’t yet understand. He only knows these souls, the ones filled with regret, don’t belong here, don’t belong in Hell.
Because Dean can’t do anything, except fall into his mattress, holding the bag of gray dust against him, telling himself over and over that none of this is real. That there’s no way Castiel—Angel of the Lord Castiel—is just gone, is just nothing.
Sam drops his duffel bag by his feet and leans against the open trunk. “Already?”
And Dean wants to make it all better for Castiel, or whatever, the only way he knows how. He lets his body, exposed and defenseless, fall onto Castiel’s. He lets their chests and stomachs, and hips crush together. He kisses Castiel, again and again, his tongue moving deeper and deeper within Castiel’s mouth each time, Castiel’s tongue moving deeper and deeper against Dean’s throat in reciprocation.
But instead, he stares up into the late afternoon Kansas sun, wondering how long it will be until he’s dead. How long it will be until Sam is dead, Cas is dead, even Jack. He wonders which one of them will be first, which one of them will be last.
“Was I happy? No not really.” Jack doesn’t know if he should admit any of this; things he’s never told anyone, things he’s never even really let himself think about. Because he never cared whether he was happy, because it didn’t matter, because he had only been on a mission to kill God. “It’s funny. When I had all this power, I was weak, vulnerable, because everyone thought that power was theirs to use. And now that my grace is gone, and I’m nothing but human, I’m more powerful than ever. Because no one can try to use me, because I have nothing to use and because I’m just like everyone else. And I feel like I finally have control over myself, and I can never hurt anyone again, I can never do…what I did to Mary…I can never do that again, and that’s all that matters to me.”
Further from the fire, Castiel can feel it within him, that this mission, isn’t going to be his absolution from all the times he’s nearly fallen, from all the times he couldn’t follow orders. Holding Dean’s soul in his hands, it’s like nothing Castiel has ever felt before. And Castiel can feel himself falling forever.
“That’s not what I meant,” Castiel says. “I just meant—you know what—forget it, Dean.”
Castiel sinks down into the leather seat. “My wrist—I think Ephraim sprained it or something. Just drop me off at the hospital. I’ll find some way to get back to—back to—wherever.”
Dean tells me to try something else. This isn’t working. None of this is working. He presses his head down into the ground, says that we should just give Chuck what he wants. Right here, we should end each other.
“Do you want me to leave?” Castiel asks, as Dean rolls his head onto his shoulder.
In an empty field, somewhere maybe 10 miles outside of Lebanon, Kansas, I watch my brother lose his mind. My brother who raised me, who survived the abuse and torment of our father, for me. My brother, who stole for me, who would give up anything, who would give up his life, for me.
And angels lie, deceive, leave you in the end. Dean finds his way, back up the now-vacant road, back to the motel. And he stands in front of the door to Room 107, key card between his fingers, but he still doesn’t know what to say to Castiel, or how to stay it.
This close to Dean, Castiel knows that the strained control he once had, when he was an angel, the control he struggled for when Dean would lay beside him, when Dean would tell Castiel to touch him anywhere, everywhere, is gone.
Sometimes knowing that there was someone, Lisa, who maybe cared whether he was still breathing, was the only thing that stopped Dean from losing his mind completely. But now Dean is nothing but vanished memories to Lisa, nothing but a shadow of someone who almost killed her. “Stay, okay?”
“Because that’s what God wanted. Or, because that’s what I was told God wanted.” Castiel tilts his head back, stares up at the ceiling, at splatters of brownish leak-marks seeping through the bumpy white paint. “But I don’t know if God even exists anymore.”
Castiel can’t tell Dean the truth. So he tells him something, some cliché, something he’d heard somewhere, about how he’d looked into her eyes, read her mind, told her that her father leaving wasn’t her fault. Because lying is what humans do, when they want something really, really bad. That’s how they become president. That’s how they get fucked.
And I remember all the demon blood, and the powers Sam had when he was addicted to her. If she could give him that, if he goes dark side again, then maybe we don’t need Jack, we don’t need Cas’ grace, to take out Chuck.
Castiel knows he should be disgusted, condemned, for doing this. But he tilts his head against the wall, only enough to let him keep his eyes on Dean, Dean’s shoulder blades, the outline of Dean’s spine, the way Lisa’s fingers move down Dean’s back, lower and lower, until they’re almost spreading him apart from behind.
“This doesn’t mean we’re okay,” Dean pulls at Castiel’s pants, until he can feel the bare skin of Castiel’s thighs against his own.
“Just end it.” My jaw moves along Meg’s palm as I speak, her hands still holding my face.
But on the elevator, when Crowley hits the button for the sixteenth floor, Sam can smell it, the demon blood, everything he wishes he didn’t need. And he tells himself he can resist, because he has to, because he always does, because he’s been fighting against what he knows is still inside him, for years. He lets the television screen that’s bolted to the metal wall distract him. He lets the pounding in his brain focus on the scrolling stock ticker, the illuminated drawings of the sun half-hidden behind clouds, the temperature predictions for the next 5 days.
I can almost hear Sam, begging, frantic for something to happen, but the next sound is deafening—of the rift between the Earth of the Empty, breaking open. There’s nothing but black, black sludge everywhere, in my eyes, in my mouth, dripping down my throat. It fills my lungs until I can barely breathe, until I open my eyes, back in my body, face down in the wet grass.
“Are you speaking from experience?” Castiel picks up one of the empty cans beside him. It’s crushed, twisted, tiny sharp holes breaking away the aluminum.
But he knows he can’t, that can’t have what he wants, that he can’t have Dean. Not like this, not now, not with the angels questioning his allegiance.
“Like last time?” His lips graze my face as he speaks. “Like when you used me?”
“I won’t let you die, Cas,” Dean slips his fingers underneath Castiel’s. “I think I need this. I think I need you.”
“So are you in? Our deal? The souls?” Crowley rests his palm on Castiel’s shoulder. “Think of it, you and me working together. And, you know, the next time you have the urge to jerk off all over yourself, maybe I can help, instead.”
She opens Dean’s door. Dean drags a pillow across his body, holding it at his waist. “Fuck,” he says. “Maybe next time knock.” He looks over at Castiel, tries to think of some way to explain this to Ruby, but he doesn’t need to, or want to, or have to, explain this to anyone.
“What are you going to do, Cas?” Dean closes his eyes against the feeling of Castiel’s touch. “Whatever it is, don’t do it. I don’t want you to. Don’t do this to me, to us.”
“Dean, get up.” Sam pulls me up by the shoulders. “Dean, what the hell?”
So he walks through the thick fog, and it stings his eyes, it makes him cough, it hangs in the air and floats just above the ground. The snow is melting under his feet, sticking in the soles of his sneakers.
All the times, he tried to prove himself to me, all the times he tried to fix everything he’d fucked up. All the times I’d thrown him out and all the times I treated him like shit, all the times he’d come right back.
Castiel lets his focus fall from Dean back to the passing steel guardrail. “You know I’d rather be here. You know I’d rather be with you. But I’d rather be the one to hunt Lucifer than have Sam do it, Lucifer is my problem now.”
He moves forward, leaving the dark mist behind him, and he sees her, standing in a pile of ash and embers and bone.
Castiel fucks him here because, here, the headboard of Dean’s bed doesn’t rattle against the wall. Here, there are no mattress springs to creak underneath them and echo throughout the room. Here, there are no sheets to stain. Here, Castiel’s hands slip onto Dean’s and hold him down on the ground. Here, the things Castiel whispers into Dean’s ear, are just the things they whisper to each other when one of them is inside the other, when their clothes are thrown halfway across the room and neither of them can remember how they wound up tangled together.
Dean barely even knows what he’s saying anymore, and he looks back at Castiel, weak and empty, who asks only, “Why did you save me?”
“Anything, I can’t control anything. The psychic stuff. The demon blood. The visions from Chuck,” Sam pulls away, because the voices in his head are telling him to wrap his hands around Dean’s throat, choke the life out of him right there, in front of Castiel, and Jack, and Ruby. “Everything that you tried to save me from becoming, I am.”
“Maybe the same reason you ran from yours.” Dean has barely spoken, to Sam, to anyone, about the years he spent alone with John Winchester. The years when Sam was at Stanford, and Dean tried to do anything, everything that John wanted. The years that Dean had wished over and over that he wasn’t too old to be thrown in some home for wayward kids, because anything that let him escape from John would have been better the nights he’d spent being told he was nothing, no one, but a killer. That he’d live and die alone, die a hunter. “He fucked with my head a lot. But I would still do anything, you know, for his approval.”
“I don’t think we’ve ever been okay.” Castiel’s head drops to Dean’s shoulder, as Dean moves his hands down to where their hips are pressed together, to where Dean folds his fingers around himself, to where he folds his fingers around Castiel. Castiel lifts his eyes to Dean’s and he tries to kiss him, tries to do something, but the feeling of Dean’s hand all over him, the feeling of Dean, hard and grinding against him, leaves Castiel only able to gasp for the air that’s inside Dean’s mouth.
I can feel myself getting faint, and I push him away, slide to the other side of the bed, and he just lays there, covered in blood, his chin, his neck, his chest. He moves his head backward and blood trickles up his upper lip and onto his nose.
I remember all the guilt, all the regret that comes with being a human. The struggle of falling asleep every night only to wake up and relive the same exact day over and over. Brush your teeth. Show up to work. Pretend to be something other than miserable.
“It matters, trust me.” She moves her fingers across Castiel’s lips, before she screams loud enough for everyone, for Dean, to hear.
“Why did you help us?” Castiel stands, his clothes wet from the snow.
“I couldn’t care less about Chuck, or whatever he calls himself. He has no power here. And Jack, you can have Jack, this is his fault anyway. As soon as he got back here, I locked him away in the darkest, deepest place here, with his Dad. You know, I thought he might enjoy the reunion.” It presses itself back against its throne, hovering amid darkness, crosses one leg over the other. “But Jack’s grace…is more powerful than anything, and I want it, to make everything quiet, so that I can finally sleep. But without it, without Jack’s powers, you’ll never defeat Chuck, and your world will end. But you can have your poor mostly dead angel back for whatever time Chuck will give you. But he’ll be nothing, just a weak, pathetic human, like you. Jack too.”
Castiel turns his eyes up to the ceiling, to the Heaven that let him fall. “I think maybe I am.”
“There’s no reason to drive around with a grenade launcher, right?” Dean looks up at Sam, at his jacket. “You’re leaving? It hasn’t even been a day.”
And now Sam is already 700 miles away and there’s nothing on the radio but static. “So, I guess it’s been years, since we did this, just you and me,” Dean says, under the shadow of a highway overpass. “Gone on a case together, I mean.”
Sam bangs on the window of the Impala. “Are you coming or what?” Jack jumps awake, rubs his eyes.
“Do it Dean, and I’ll bring back Eileen, and Donna, and Jody, and Claire, and everybody else.  And if you don’t, all I need to do is snap my fingers – and they’ll be gone forever,” Chuck looks up toward the sky. It’s snowing harder now, and the wind rattles and howls through the trees behind them. Like the world is screaming, fading around them.
“Your connections haven’t been so helpful,” Sam says, stepping onto the curb. “And most of them, actually I think all of them, end up dead.”
Ruby stands up, reaches out toward me. “Last time I saw you, you stabbed me. You owe me. Get me out of here.”
Eileen wraps her arms around him, kisses him, and says “You did it, Sam. You saved the world, again.”
“And what happens when you and Eileen figure it out, and you will, because you always do, and I’m still here, in this fucking bunker? What happens six months, a year from now, when you’ve been able to move on, and I’m sitting in this same spot, because all I know how to be is a hunter?” Dean kicks aside a wrench that’s lying by his foot.
“Could be a werewolf, I guess. Or a lamia? But you really don’t see those outside of Greece, only once, I think.” Dean puts his forehead into the palm of his hand. One day, maybe, he’ll be able to let himself forget, about the details, about the monsters. One day, maybe the slaughter of random strangers by the hidden things that go bump in the night, won’t be his problem anymore.  One day, maybe he can break free, from all of this.
Dean hasn’t slept, hasn’t eaten, has barely spoken to Sam, since they’d gotten back to the Bunker, without Mom, without Cas. Without whatever sanity Dean had left. He pulls his knees up to his chin, dropping another beer bottle off the bed, onto the floor. He can hear the glass roll across the other eight, maybe ten, maybe twenty, empty bottles that have collected beside him over the past two days. Or it might be three. He can’t even keep the days straight anymore. They all blend together, into one never-ending nightmare.
And Dean needs to die, for Sam to escape this life.
“I don’t know. I don’t know what to call him.” Dean says, because it doesn’t matter, here, with this woman who just wants to get him high and keep his secrets. “But I think he’ll never really understand, because even after—after we went through Hell together—he left me, alone, and I don’t think he came back because he wanted to.”
Almost empty, Castiel tangles his fingers in Dean’s hair and pulls Dean’s mouth up to his own. “I’m sorry.”
Dean struggles against Castiel, struggles to hold on to some sense of restraint, against Castiel’s fingers. He struggles against the feeling of Castiel breathing in his ear, against the feeling of Castiel everywhere. And he finishes, too fast, too soon, too loud. Because even after all the nights they’ve spent like this, all the nights they’ve spent screwing each other into near-oblivion, the way their bodies are twisted up together, the way that Castiel’s arms are wrapped around Dean like he’ll never let go, overwhelms Dean the very second Castiel touches him.
He watches Dean, on the couch with Ben, some cartoon on the television, and Castiel wonders if Lisa will ever tell Dean the truth. Or if she’ll keep telling him the same lie, her lie about Ben’s father being some biker she met in a bar. Castiel knows that Lisa doesn’t want to give Dean a reason to stay. It’s the same reason why Castiel will never tell Dean, either, that Ben is Dean’s son.
Dean watches the journal burn, until its blackened ash, until it’s nothing. Everything he’s ever known, it’s all gone, finally. Finally, he’s free. Free from monsters, free from demons, free from God.
Dean runs his fingers along the cold metal of his gun in the pocket of his jacket, and he knows what he should do, but he knows he can’t do it, that he’ll never be able to do it. It was his job, to protect Sam, to save Sam from turning into this, and he failed, and he knows he needs to give in, give up.
On the dirt that now covers the grave, Castiel stands before his soldiers and he says to Heaven, to himself, “Dean Winchester is saved.”
“Cas—” Dean lifts his head, tries to pull his arms away from the bed. “Cas, what the fuck are you doing? You can’t—you can’t do this.”
He should have listened to Dean, should have taken a gun, or knife, something. But Jack knew that, if it came to this, if it came down to him fighting for himself, that it meant everyone was dead and he didn’t stand a chance, and that he was almost dead too.
“Yeah, okay, Dean.” Sam backs away from me, his fists clench. I tell him, to go ahead, hit me, I deserve it.
“It doesn’t matter. You, any demon, whatever.” The sound of the television had become a low murmur, a whisper under the sound of Crowley’s circulation. “No one else needs to know.”
The last time, when Dean had dreamed of Emma, when he had dreamed of what would have happened, if he had stopped Sam from ending her life, Castiel had offered to make Dean forget it all. Forget all about Emma, forever. Forget all about what happened that night. But Dean denied himself Castiel’s offer, because he didn’t know who he would be, if he couldn’t remember the trauma of losing everyone, everything, over and over.
“I just – I can’t.”
“You keep saying that, and I don’t believe you,” Dean’s heel brushes against Castiel’s fingers, and Castiel pulls his hand away, rests it in his own lap.
Dean calls out, again, for Castiel. When he does, he falls forward, into the books, fingers clasping his skull, and he rocks himself back and forth in the dirt.
On a deserted planet, Dean Winchester lays in the middle of the road that runs in front of the Bunker and drops an empty whiskey bottle into the dirt beside him. A few days ago, before Chuck vaporized every other living thing, an occasional pick-up truck or eighteen-wheeler would drive by. But now there’s no one, no squeaking brakes, no new tire tread marks on the worn pavement, nothing. He could do anything, really. Get in the Impala, see how long, how fast, he could go before he finally lost control. Drive into Town, take whatever he wanted from wherever.
Dean slides his fingers under Castiel’s, and blood from Castiel’s palm, from his failed attempt at an angel sigil smears across Dean’s hand. “The hospital? For this? I’ve stitched up bullet wounds and I’ve made casts for broken legs. I think I can handle this.”
And it was Dean’s idea to stop, because without his grace, Castiel would be nothing but human. Castiel would be human, and, maybe, he could feel what Dean feels when they’re like this. What Dean feels when they’re lying half-dressed in some hotel-chain bed, when the minutes on the clock pass midnight, one in the morning, two in the morning, in what seems like seconds. But Castiel would be human, vulnerable, mortal. And Dean would rather Castiel be invincible, be the one thing, that he can’t lose no matter what, than risk Castiel loving him back, and risk being able to lose him forever.
But, sitting here, surrounded by a land of skyscrapers and pavement, Castiel feels almost human, almost powerless.
“And the best part of it all, is that he didn’t even say it back. You gave up everything, your life, just to tell Dean Winchester that the one thing you want is something he’d never want to give you.”  It pulls me closer to it, and it cups my chin with Meg’s hand, it runs Meg’s fingers down my neck and along the buttons on my shirt. “Poor Castiel, no one’s ever wanted you like that. No one’s ever loved you.”
The walls call out to him. The souls, they know he’s not one of them. They know he’s someone, something they’ve never seen before here. Something who could release them, release all of them back to a world that’s long-forgotten their sins. And Castiel studies each one of their faces. The faces that have twisted into the contorted features of demons after hundreds of years here. The faces that still bear the semblance of humanity. These are the faces whose cries Castiel can’t silence in his own head. The faces of those who still remember their life before hellfire. The faces of those not yet completely lost.
“When he wakes up, it will all be gone, all of it,” she says. “Chuck can’t control him anymore.”
He closes his eyes, because he can’t look at it anymore, the charred and scorched ruins of his—he doesn’t even know the word—doesn’t even know how to describe what Castiel was to him, doesn’t even know what he was to Castiel.
“Dead, for good this time.” The Empty says. “Or almost dead. I heard your prayer. I have his grace, what was left of it anyway. Wasn’t much.” She smiles, tilts her head to the side, all bleach-blonde hair. “Tell me more about what you want from him. I want all the details.”
The scabs and the black-ink of warding on Castiel’s abdomen are unfamiliar and terrifying to Dean, and they remind him that he has already lost Castiel once like this—that he would have lost Castiel forever to the hands of a reaper if Dean hadn’t let Ezekiel take control of Sam, if he Ezekiel hadn’t been there to resurrect, heal, Castiel. They remind Dean that he almost lost Castiel again, tonight, that Castiel’s despair is so loud it’s screaming out to Heaven.
“You’re turning Sam into the Darkness?” Jack asks, from the doorway.
Castiel needs to die, for real, for everything he’s done. For his disobedience. For his free will.
He arranges a pile of dead leaves and broken tree limbs in a circle, in the middle of the crossroads. He hums along with the first notes of “Stairway to Heaven” as Castiel hands him the box of matches. Jack swipes the match along the side of the box and holds the flame up in front of his face, before letting the fire fall to the ground, igniting the pyre.
“Of course,” Sam says, motioning to Dean. “Get this over with already, Dean. Shoot him. And then shoot yourself. You deserve to die for this. You deserve to die for everyone else.”
“My mother wouldn’t want that. I know she wouldn’t,” I remember my mother’s voice more than I remember her face, I remember her telling me that Castiel is my father, that he would protect me, keep me safe from the world. “You can kill me, again, before I’ll hurt Cas. You can kill me for good before I’ll do that.”
Hell’s Kitchen, NYC
This woman believes that his name is Jimmy Novak, that he’s here because he’s been hurt, damaged, because he needs something to make it all go away. And Castiel doesn’t really know if that’s just a slightly distorted version of his own reality.
“So how do we stop him?” Sam turns to Crowley as he climbs across a car seat.
“Fuck God.” I drag my tie off my neck and pull him away from the wall. I knot the material around his head, gagging his mouth. He lets out a muffled sound and moves his fingers up my face and between my teeth, until I grasp his hands, turn him around, and guide him forward.
He leans forward and clasps his hands together. “You used to be the most powerful being in the entire universe. More powerful than me, more powerful than Amara. And now, look at you. Dean Winchester sold you out for Castiel? Broken, pathetic Castiel? The angel who fell so many times he became human? Aren’t you angry? Don’t you realize what Dean did to you?”
This moment is usually when Dean wonders if he’ll make it out of this alive. If the hands running over his stomach, between his legs, are the hands of a monster, are the hands that will end him forever. This is the moment where Dean usually realizes that these are the hands of someone who he’ll never see again, someone he means nothing to. Someone who wouldn’t care if he dropped dead tomorrow.
Dean lifts his fingers to Castiel’s mouth, and jaw, letting them eventually fall around Castiel’s throat. And he wants to tell Castiel that, this isn’t about the grace, that this isn’t about whatever war Castiel is fighting with him. He wants to tell Castiel that the time when they’re alone, like this, is the only time that Dean feels human too.
“Why? Because I’m not Dean Winchester?” Crowley steps backward. “Seems like Dean’s moved on from you.”
“Maybe we can get lost, for awhile, after we take care of whatever this is.” Castiel can feel Dean’s chest against his fingertips, he can feel Dean breathing against his touch, and he lets himself pretend, for once, that this isn’t just something that exists in hidden, quiet places, that this isn’t something that ends when they’re lying on some bed covered in Dean’s sweat, covered in each other.
The angels, they’re all talking, shouting, about Castiel. Castiel, saved again. Castiel, saved from Purgatory at the expense of an incursion of angels. Castiel, saved, despite giving everything, giving himself, to Dean Winchester. Their voices blare through Castiel’s head.
Not a single one says, maybe it was an act of God, maybe this was all God’s fault. Because people want to believe in God when they walk away from a 20-car pile-up on the highway, or when the surgery is a success. But they don’t want to believe God would rip them away from the Earth, their families, their lives. And no one wants to believe the world is safe because God is dead.
Dean pulls Castiel up by his arm and shoves him down onto the worn plaid-print chair, knocking over the empty beer bottle that’s sitting on the table next to it. Castiel slides his fingers underneath Dean’s shirt, underneath the waist of Dean’s jeans. Dean wraps his fingers around Castiel’s wrists, moves Castiel’s hands off his body.
“What do you want?” Dean asks. “I’ll do it, I’ll do anything, just stop this. Bring everyone back. You can kill me. I don’t matter. You can do whatever you want to me. I don’t care. Just don’t do this. You have to bring them back.”
“No, but eventually I will be,” Dean walks to passenger side of the Impala, to Castiel. He throws the keys into Castiel’s lap. “I think it’s your turn to drive.”
For Castiel, it was only about Dean, giving Dean what he needed. It was always about Dean. About feeling Dean against him, about feeling Dean take him to the brink of something close to human, about feeling Dean want something that only Castiel could give him.
The sky is opening up now, the rain soaking Castiel’s hair, soaking Dean’s clothes. The lacerations crisscross across Castiel’s stomach, and he can barely heal himself, he can barely stop the rest of his grace from drifting away. In a flash of lightning, he can see Dean’s eyes are bloodshot, hollow. Above the crashing of the clouds overhead, Castiel says, “It’s not your fault.”
But the black fades back into the dirt, and there’s silence, finally. I lay back down on the ground, next to Cas, and, over and over, I ask him to open his eyes, ask him to say something, ask him not to die on me, again.
The television drones on from across the room. CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, KTVT Dallas-Fort Worth, Ethan Burke’s death—his brutal, ritualistic murder—is being reported on every single channel. Born in New Orleans in 1962 to a carpenter and an elementary school teacher, he had worked his way from bank teller to CEO. He had made millions, bank merger after bank merger, he had made millions, laying off his employees. Millions from bad loans and government bailouts.
But, at 3 am in this motel room in the middle of somewhere Dean can’t even remember, Dean is too tired, too damaged, to care, and he leans forward, over Castiel, and lets his mouth hover over Castiel, breathing in his grace. It drifts past Dean’s lips and down his tongue, and he swallows. He can feel it burning through him, through his chest and into his stomach.
“Cas said he needed a break from the Lucifer thing, after LA,” Sam says. “He went on a hunt with Dean. To New York. Guys with missing hearts.”
And no one will ever convict Heaven for its crimes.
-Luke 22:16
And, maybe, Castiel should keep driving, maybe he should drive somewhere where no one will find them for days, weeks. Where they can be free of hunting and secrets. But, Castiel knows, this is a case, and people are dying, and they have to stop it. Because they’re the ones who save everyone, save the world, and sacrifice everything for it.
Castiel can’t remember the first time he fell, or when his powers started failing, or when he realized how he felt about Dean. But it never mattered, because he always knew how it would end for him—eternal sleep in the Empty, eternal sleep to save Dean Winchester.
I sit up straight against the back of the chair. Maybe I’ve got this all wrong. Maybe everything Cas said, maybe it didn’t mean what I think it meant. He couldn’t have meant all those things he said, not about me.
“What do you want from me, Dean?” Castiel can remember a hundred nights, where he was there, in the middle of the night, where he thought maybe, he was someone to Dean. “Everything I’m doing it’s for you, and it’s for Sam. What do you want, how much more do you want?”
There were some things, the toy soldiers that Sam had crammed into the ash tray, the Legos that Dean had shoved into the air conditioner vents, that were a part of the car now, its soul, its engine. Those things, they’ll be a part of this car until it’s nothing but impounded steel, someday. But this, this, Dean had kept shoved in the glove compartment for the past few months, and he wants it gone. Because it would always be there, reminding him, of everything he was always told he had to be, of everything he was always told he had to do.
“I’m so happy you’re okay,” Dean hugs her again. “I don’t know what Sam would have done…”
“I get it. I don’t judge.” Dean can remember saying those same words, giving almost the same explanation, over and over, to women and men he met in alleys and pay-by-the-hour motor-inns, before he let them use him, before he let them take what they wanted from him.
And now Castiel is human, fragile. And Heaven is empty, and the angels are gone, fallen, dead, whatever. “Okay Dean.”
“I know, I know you could,” Sam closes his eyes. He should have tried harder, to fight against Chuck, to fight the urges. He should have tried harder not to mess this all up. “I love you, Eileen, but I understand if this is it, and you never want to see me again.”
At least, that’s what Chuck says.
* * *
But Dean is afraid, afraid to admit, that he’s addicted to something beyond Castiel’s grace. He’s afraid to admit that he really isn’t sorry, for draining Castiel to the edge, for bringing Castiel to the border of Heaven and Earth, to where Castiel might be able to feel something, want something other than this. “Whatever, Cas.”
“No. Guess again. How are you here? What did you and your brother do now?”
- Luke 22:27
“What choice do I have? Jack’s human. There’s no other way.” I reach forward and pull at the sleeve of her jacket. She doesn’t need to know, but I’ve wanted this for months now. Ever since Chuck raised the dead, ever since Belphegor took over Jack’s corpse, and I realized that wanted to drain every drop of demon blood from his body.
“Yeah, something like us. Whatever we are.” Dean twists the handles of the duffel bag around his fingers, stands in the doorway of the bathroom. “I’ll be right back.”
“You know that’s not what I mean,” Dean pushes Castiel back against the Challenger, pushes his tongue into Castiel’s mouth. This is what they do now, when Dean is bored, when Dean is drunk, when Dean still smells like the sweat or perfume or cum of somebody he’d fucked in the back of a bar.
But Dean couldn’t leave Castiel 1,705 miles away from where he should be, 1,705 miles away from Dean. So Dean brought Castiel home, like this, because this bag was the only thing Dean could find, stuffed in the glove compartment of the Impala, and he doesn’t even remember where it came from, or what was in it before Castiel, and he doesn’t want to remember.
Sam is still calling. I can’t answer. I can’t talk to him. Not now.
Castiel opens his eyes, leans toward Dean. “Sorry, I think I was having a nightmare. I have those now.”
I drag myself off her body, every part of me fighting my decision.
Castiel’s fingers spread along the back of Dean’s head, holding Dean against him. He can feel Dean’s heart pounding, feel the way Dean is shaking as their hands grip together, feel the sweat and terror that’s dripping off Dean. Sometimes, when this happens, when Dean wakes up from some nightmare, this is enough, to make everything okay. But Castiel knows, because this has happened before, because he remembers the last time Dean dreamed about her, that this is different. That she was a monster, a killer, but that she was his blood, and maybe he should have saved her.
Karen Gallagher sits in the living room of her Upper West Side apartment. In the late afternoon sun that streams in through a skylight, she inhales slowly and clutches a pile of tissues that has gathered beside her. She pulls her sweater closed, crosses her legs. Every single action, every single movement, she takes, feels wrong. To sit here, alive, and trying to act normal, when James is gone, dead.
He still won’t tell me exactly what Cas said to him. He doesn’t need to. It’s been obvious to me, for so long.
“What made you think that was okay?” Dean asks. “What made you think, it was okay for you to make some fucking deal, and then say those things to me, and then just abandon me? Fuck you, Cas.”
“You always ask me to stay. And I always stay.” Castiel brings himself up to his knees, puts his elbows on the mattress, and Dean drags him up onto the bed beside him.
Castiel turns his eyes up to Heaven. The clouds are moving over, low in the haze of the purple almost-midnight sky, and the first drops of rain fall down his throat. Before he rebelled, before he fell, he could hear the angels, he could hear Heaven’s constant mindless chatter. But now there’s nothing, except for a rumble of thunder miles away. He reaches down, to where Dean’s hand is resting on his stomach, and he slips his fingers between Dean’s.
Dean turns his head to the side, rests his cheek on the bed, eyes drifting to Castiel’s across their bodies. And he watches Castiel’s face, as Castiel comes, as Castiel loses some kind of control over himself, as Castiel mumbles some incomprehensible version of Dean’s name, and collapses back onto the bed beside Dean. “Sorry,” Castiel says, his breath short, his hair matted with sweat, stuck to his forehead. “I’m sorry.”
“You’re just a man, you don’t make those rules,” Castiel says. “Heaven does, and it won’t let me survive this.”
It shrugs. “I can’t do that. He burned his grace off. There was almost nothing left when he got here.”
“I get that too.” Dean leans forward, clenching his fingers around his own fist. “But none of that makes this your fault.”
“Where to, Cas?” Dean doesn’t know what else to say, what else to do. Every part of him wants to bring Castiel home, to the bunker, where he should be, where he belongs. But Castiel is hunted, hunted by angels, angels who will destroy Sam’s chances of survival. And every part of Dean wants to risk it all, just to have Castiel back, where he should have been all along.
Dean closes his eyes. Every part of him knows that he can’t, shouldn’t, trust Castiel. That now Castiel is just as bad as any monster, that Dean would slaughter.  But it’s been so long, it’s been forever, since Dean has felt anyone, anything. And the nightmares get worse, get bloodier, every night.
“I’m not going to…I wouldn’t hurt you.” Castiel cuts along his throat with the edge of the blade, just enough for the wound to bleed a glowing stream of grace. “It will make you feel different. It will heal you, make you feel better.”
But I didn’t do anything.
He snaps his fingers. And then he’s gone.
Castiel’s eyes meet Dean’s across the near darkness, and he takes the lace between his teeth, pulling the fabric down just enough for him to take Dean into his mouth. He lets his body jerk forward as Dean grasps the leather fastened around Castiel’s neck, and his fingers climb in between Dean’s legs and push their way inside his body.
“You know I wanted to. Of course I wanted to. But did you want this before I told you…..before the Empty took me?” Castiel rolls over onto his back, pulls the blanket over his hips.
“You were ready to die for everyone, Dean. But you wouldn’t let Castiel die for anyone. I could feel your despair, it gave me the strength to overcome my brother. So, I forgive you, Dean.” She looks up at the brightening sky and turns to Ruby, “But I couldn’t have done it without you. You made him weak, he couldn’t fight me any longer. Thank you.”
“No, that will never happen again.” Sam shoves his hands into the pockets of his pants, the sound of his footsteps quickening against the pavement. “I won’t let it.”
Dean doesn’t answer Lisa, doesn’t say anything at all, as he lets himself fall onto the mattress next to her.
“I don’t know. Nothing. I don’t need anything, Cas.” Dean’s fingers tangle with Castiel’s push his hand back onto the bed. “Just this.”
The entrance to Ethan Burke’s office is two wooden doors, stained mahogany. It’s at the end of a long, winding hallway lined with paintings of boats floating on water, of flower-covered fields, and sunsets against skylines. Nothing is locked, and Sam pulls the doors apart.
“We won.”
So James Gallagher cleans his desk, arranging papers into unorganized piles, dusting off his keyboard, listening to the sounds of his partners, in the surrounding offices, saying goodbye to one another, going home to their families. He responds to two or three emails, tells two or three associates that they each have one more chance, one more mistake, until he fires them. He tells them that they’re not good enough, will never be good enough, to make it here.
Dean pulls himself off the ground, grabs a handful of tissues and cleans the sweat and cum and   whatever off his stomach before he lays down on the bed. And, leaning back against his pillow, he looks down at Castiel, still spread out on the floor and says, “Stay here, stay with me. Don’t go back to your room, or go do whatever the fuck you do all night, okay? Just pretend to sleep here, with me.”
In the hallway, Sam’s hand hovers over the doorknob to Dean’s room. He can hear Dean and Castiel, talking, but he can’t hear what they’re saying. He could get it over with, all at once. He could leave them both, Dean, and Cas, dead, in Dean’s bed. And then maybe Chuck would set him free, bring back Eileen. At least that’s what all the demon blood and visions in his head are trying to convince him is the right thing, the only thing to do.
“Power, fame. Ethan Burke is facilitating one of the biggest bank mergers in history, and he’s going to make millions off it. He’ll be on the cover of the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, whatever,” Crowley says. “Lucifer gets off on that kind of thing.”
Lying in the dirt of Sioux Falls, in a field of twisted scrap metal, discarded tires, and rusted-out parts of cars long deserted, Dean Winchester calls out to Castiel. All he can think about, all he can see, all he can smell, is Jo. Jo, ripped apart. Jo, bleeding out. Jo, holding the detonator of the bomb that would blow her to pieces underneath her finger. He tells himself this is his fault, he never should have let Jo, or Ellen, come with them to hunt the Devil. And he tells himself that he can lose control, because he’s doomed, because Lucifer already won.
Dean nods, but he can’t focus, except on the way Castiel’s grace is everywhere inside him. He runs his fingers over his own face, over the parts of him that had been swollen, battered, sore. He can tell, it’s all gone, any evidence of Alastair, any evidence of the angels, and Castiel, failing him, all gone. Dean drops his head onto Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel’s grace is wandering through him, into his brain, and he can’t tell whether this is like being drunk, or high, or being everything all at once.
I tell myself that Ruby is right, that this is all okay.
Dean’s fingers move to Castiel’s wrists, trace along the outline of Castiel’s veins. “Too bad everything always has to happen after we kill the monster.”
“But he already has,” Sam pulls himself off the ground. “He won the minute you destroyed Jack to save Cas. And now I just have to finish this and clean up your mess.”
“Yes, maybe even because I know you’re about to do something terrible,” Dean says as Castiel spreads his legs, tilts his body backwards, as Castiel finds his way inside him. And they’ve done this, night after night, motel room after motel room, but this isn’t the same, this is different. This is cold and distant and Castiel is on top of him, but Castiel is a million miles away, in a world he saved from the spawn of Lucifer.Castiel bends forward over Dean, tells him that, maybe, someday, everything will be okay, that maybe this can be what they do forever, if he just lets him do this now, if he just lets him stop the Devil’s Child.
“—you.” Dean’s words are drown-out by Heaven’s whispers. Confused, disoriented, Castiel stops moving his hands, his body, along Dean, stops everything.
Castiel wraps his fingers around Dean’s wrists, tightening his grip until Dean can feel his skin twist and burn against Castiel’s. Castiel could tear him apart, tear him to pieces. And knowing that he’s surrendering himself to the boundaries of Castiel’s self-control drives Dean to the edges of sanity.
“I can erase your memories of her too,” Castiel’s fingers move along Dean’s spine, up to his neck, into his hair. “So that you won’t regret what you had me do. So that you won’t regret her.”
Or he could surrender, to Raphael. Let Lucifer and Michael out of the cage. Start the Apocalypse all over again.
The way I feel, it’s not like when Michael used me as his vessel, when I felt invincible, perfect. Now, my insides feel like they’re shattered and Jack’s grace burns through my veins, but I’m here, in the Empty, and I need to find Cas.
His fingers tangled around the blue lace, Castiel’s body finds its way inside Dean’s. And, sometimes, when he does this, when they’re like this, when Dean is spread around him and he can barely remember that the rest of the world exists, Castiel tries to close his eyes, so he can’t feel anything but Dean, so everything else, everything around them, disappears. But he can’t look away from Dean, from the way Dean’s eyes are locked on his.
All evidence of Dean Winchester must be destroyed.
“I don’t know how to do anything else.” Dean wipes the dirt from the sleeves of his jacket. “As long as I know there’s monsters, demons, whatever, out there, I can’t stop.”
“Do you like it?” Castiel drops his hand down next to Dean’s.
“Stop,” Castiel says, shoving Dean backward. “You have to stop…you can’t take it all.” Castiel lifts his hand to his throat, closing the slit on his neck with whatever power is left in him.
“Of course. I want you. I only want you.” He tries to reach her mouth, he tries to kiss her all over again but she pulls back.
“It doesn’t change anything. It doesn’t change how I feel.” Castiel steps backward, but everything about her, forces him to stay, keeps him from running. She moves her fingers down his cheek and he wants to beg her to stop, but something, something he knows might not be human, won’t let him.
“No, not tonight, anyway,” Dean says. That’s a lie, probably, if anything she has would help him get some sleep, help him get a few hours of peace.
There are a hundred or a thousand or maybe a million different things I could have said, things I could have done. I could have told him that I’ve been his since the moment he gripped me tight and raised me from perdition, or whatever. That anything he wanted, he could have had. I could have held his body against mine, tried to pull him away from oblivion. I could have tried to fight the Empty and Death all at once.
“Do you want this?” Dean asks. “Because…I don’t know…if you…”
I open the door to Cas’ room. The sheets on the bed tucked neatly underneath the mattress. The pile of papers stacked on his desk. All those things he felt, about me, all those things he said, none of it matters because the entire world is going to die. Because of me.
“Okay, sure, whatever. I’ll take Cas.” Dean says, leaning forward across the table. “But if you get a lead on Lucifer, don’t try to handle it on your own, okay?”
Somewhere, down by my feet, I hear her say, “Nice to see you too, Sam.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Sam puts his hand on hers.
“Sam will be fine.” Dean struggles against the weight of exhaustion, against his eyes closing right here, in the middle of the road. He tries to remember if he even managed to sleep three hours the night before. There were nights he spent with Castiel, where the feeling of Castiel against him, the feeling of Castiel’s arms around him, lulled him to sleep. There were nights he pretended that everything was going to be okay someday. That this was where they’d end up, somehow, somewhere, in some godless future. And then there were nights like last night, when Dean would lay next to Castiel, pretending to sleep, pretending not to feel the way Castiel would pull their bodies closer together, the way Castiel would breathe against his neck, the way Castiel’s hands stayed locked in his. There were nights like last night, when Dean could barely sleep because he would tell himself that the things Castiel mumbled in the darkness weren’t just Dean’s half-awake hallucinations.
“I just want to stop him, Dean. He’s out there, killing for fun. And we almost had him, and he just got away, again.” Sam slams his laptop shut.
Dean turns the volume up again, until he can barely hear his own thoughts, his own voice. “Or maybe we can just run away.”
“Your brother better hurry up, before I change my mind,” it says.
Something like that.
“We’re all cursed,” Castiel turns away from the rain, turns his mouth into Dean’s neck.
And, into that silence, Castiel says, “You were never a choice.”
Dean lifts his head, “Whatever.”
But there was something, in one of these books, in Enochian, something I saw, late one night, something about a way to transfer grace. Something about making a human into an angel. An angel whose grace can be drained, just enough, to cross the veil into the Empty. It was just some Men of Letters crap, something that I know won’t work, but I have nothing else, nothing else to even consider.
He smites them all. And he makes his way through his mass casualty of the condemned. Makes his way deeper and deeper into the pits of Hell.
Dean leans backward, overcome by the feeling of Castiel’s lips around him, Castiel’s fingertips stretching his skin. And he knows he’s close, to losing control, but he doesn’t want to, not yet, and he slips his finger underneath the leather collar on Castiel’s neck, and he drags Castiel back up, until Castiel is standing against him, until his bare skin runs along Castiel’s pants. “You always ask me what I want. I want to hear you say the things you want,” Dean says. “Tell me what you want.”
“Whatever…whatever you want,” he says, and maybe that’s what he always says. Maybe he’s just always this complicit. Because he’s Dean Winchester; self-loathing, self-sacrificing, suicidal, alcoholic Dean Winchester. And maybe I really should stop.
“No,” Dean exhales, and the feeling of Castiel’s arm across his back, the feeling of Castiel’s hands, force some kind of calm over his body, a calm he tries to deny, because, maybe Castiel is the villain now, maybe Castiel has been the villain all along. “I don’t want to forget her. I loved her. I love her. But what I loved most of all, was the idea of her. You know, a family. A home. Having someone there, in the middle of the night. Having someone, or whatever.” Dean slides his chest off Castiel’s, sits up over him. “But this is it for me. Right? Living and dying as a hunter? And now I’m going to have to hunt you?”
Even in the center of Hell, Dean’s soul fights, fights for humanity,  but it’s covered in the scars of being torn apart and it’s damaged beyond repair. Castiel pulls Dean up, pulls Dean against him, and he knows that he needs to get Dean out of here, away from this. Even if it costs him everything.
“Sometimes, yes. Sometimes, just enough to get through it. Sometimes, no. I guess, the same as any other time.” Dean puts his hand on Castiel’s knee and sits up.  Castiel doesn’t know which he would be, to Dean, Yes, or just enough to get through it, or maybe just, no.
Bells on the door of the convenience store jingle as Dean walks across the mud-stained tiled floor. He checks the cashier’s eyes in the security camera broadcasting on the television bolted to the ceiling out of instinct. Nothing. Not a monster, not a shifter. Just some teenager, texting on his cell phone, ignoring Dean. Just some teenager, who barely looks at Dean’s credit card, ridden with identity theft and the name of some woman who’s probably sleeping a thousand miles away. He hands Dean a plastic bag, tells him to have a good night.
“You don’t have to be my anything, you can just be mine.” Castiel moves his fingers up to Dean’s face, takes Dean’s chin into his hands, lets his tongue slip above, slip below, Dean’s tongue.
“I’m sorry, Jack, that we used you,” Castiel says. “And I’m sorry, that I let your powers…get out of control.”
Dean doesn’t even have anywhere to keep Castiel. Only on his dresser, across from his bed, where Dean could stare everyday while slowly, or quickly, drinking himself to death. He throws his phone down, pulls the bag, the bag full of Castiel, up onto his stomach. “What the fuck am I supposed to do, Cas?”
“I misunderstood. I’m not good at this, at being human.” Castiel closes his eyes as Dean’s hands move over his shoulders, as Dean pushes his shirt down his arms, down past the soreness trailing around his wrist.
He understands now, that he loves Dean, that he’s in love with Dean, or something like that. That he broke all of Heaven’s orders, broke everything, broke himself, because of Dean. And now he’s graceless, lost, and Dean is about to desert him again, maybe forever. He turns off the shower, turns to Dean, pushes his hips into Dean’s.
“Because I’m the one, the only one, who doesn’t listen, who has never listened, the one with—what did you say? Right, the one with a crack in his chassis.” Castiel says. “Because no matter what you do to them, you can’t control me, right?”
Castiel wonders if maybe someone has heard him when he let himself give in to blasphemy. Maybe someone, somewhere, in some middle-of-America motel, has heard the things Castiel says, when Dean is down on his knees, when Dean is on top of him, inside of him. And maybe, someone has heard him, and wished they were the one getting railed at one o’clock in the morning in a bed that might be seconds away from breaking to pieces. The same way that Castiel wants it to be him, right now, calling out to God from underneath naked flesh.
Dean nods. “Yeah, I remember that. I told you that because Mom used to tell me that. And I never believed her.”
The clock on the nightstand is propped up on a tattered motel-worn Bible. Its illuminated yellow-green numbers say that it’s 6:40, or 6:48, Dean can’t tell as he squints from across the bed. He turns over, pulling the sheets with him, rolls onto the empty space next to him. And all he wants to do, is sleep, sleep here for hours, so that he doesn’t have to abandon Castiel, again, but the shower is running and Castiel’s clothes aren’t tangled on the floor with his anymore.
“Then maybe I have no choice,” Castiel tries to deny, to himself, that he wants this, wants to give Dean his grace, all of it, night after night. He tries to deny that he loves the way it feels, to have Dean underneath him, how it feels to have Dean crave him.
“I think, so will we,” Eileen turns off the ignition.
Castiel presses his head against the tiled wall of the shower. He’s been in here maybe an hour, maybe longer. He’s hiding, from Sam, from Jack, but mostly from Dean. He hasn’t seen Dean since he’d left his bed early this morning. Castiel knows whatever happened last night was probably a mistake, and that whatever Dean said, he probably didn’t mean it, or at least didn’t mean it in the way Castiel wanted.
And Sam knows, this is what he was always supposed to become, and that he’d only held himself together all these years, because Chuck was the one making sure he didn’t fall apart.
“Maybe I don’t know what this means,” Dean says, pressing his face down into Castiel’s neck. “Maybe I used to think I did, and I don’t anymore.”
Dean raises his head up to Castiel. Even over the sound of laughter, conversations, at the next table, and over the sound of some soft-rock song that’s unrecognizable above the noise, all he can hear is the ringing of conversations, arguments, with his father that are still hiding somewhere in his brain. Conversations and arguments that he’s tried to erase, that no one has ever really asked him about.
Tonight, like every night, he texts his wife to tell her that he’ll be home late. That he’s stuck in the office. The firm’s biggest client is being sued for sexual discrimination, copyright infringement, something. He could tell her anything. It doesn’t matter.
Lucifer won today. Sam closes his eyes, blacking out the unknown ceiling above him, and tries not to think about the growing death toll, tries not to think about the growing wave of destruction and death. And he knows, Lucifer is out there, finding his next vessel, that Lucifer is out there, tearing apart the world.
And this is Sam’s chance, to take on the Devil. To finally make Lucifer pay for all the things he had done to him in the cage. And he needs to do this alone, without dragging Dean into this fight, without Dean trying to sacrifice himself for Sam, for anyone. Dean, maybe, could have a normal life someday. Dean, maybe, could escape all this.
Dean stops, in the middle of some intersection, in the middle of sparsely-lit homes, in the middle of God-knows-where, and he drags Castiel forward by the collar of his shirt. “Just stop it, man. I’m not dropping you off at a hospital, or to sleep on the floor of some fucking Gas-N-Sip. Just stop saying it. Because I just won’t, okay?”
Castiel can taste the lipstick all over his mouth. He can’t remember what she said her name was, but he lets her kiss him, lets her loosen his tie, lets her unbutton his shirt, lets her run her hands through his hair, down his neck. He can tell she wants this just as much as he does. Or maybe even less.
“Yeah, okay, whatever. So he was such a dick he was going to vaporize a baby because she had a 100 degree fever?” Dean lays back, on the bed, onto neatly made bedsheets, and waits, for Castiel to tell him that tonight, that Ephraim, that all of it, was Dean’s fault.
He parks on the side of the road, the edges of his tires scraping into the dirt beside the pavement. Leaning back against the headrest, again, he begs for someone, anyone to give him Cas, to—for once—give Dean what he needs.
“What do you want to hear?” Dean brings his face back up to Castiel’s. “You want me to tell you how all I want, all I’ve wanted all night, is for you to fuck me until I can’t take it anymore?”
It snaps its fingers and, in the darkness, is Cas, almost lifeless. I can see him breathing, his chest moves slowly, but he’s fighting, each time he exhales. Ruby sits beside him, and she turns her eyes up to me. “I knew you wouldn’t leave him here. You just can’t stop yourself from sacrificing yourself.”
But, now, Castiel watches Dean, all of Dean, and the only thing he can think about is how he needs something, someone, right now. He could go back to Heaven, get whatever he wants, from whoever he wants, because when God brings you back from oblivion, any angel in existence will suck your cock.
So Sam checks the time on his phone again, and wonders if she already knows, if she just won’t show up. He reads through the frantic texts he’d sent her, before she had disappeared, stares at the “I’m back. I’m okay,” message she had sent to him, and the heart-eyed emoji she’d followed it with.
She picks up one of the tissues and she runs it under her eye. It turns shades of beige and pink from the makeup she wipes away. “Why does the FBI care about my husband?”
“Me too.” Castiel smiles, and Jack realizes it’s maybe the first time he’d seen him look anything but miserable, since he’d come back, from the Empty, since Dean had saved him.
Castiel reaches down, to the back of Dean’s head, and pushes him against his body. Dean swallows him whole, until Castiel can feel himself in the back of Dean’s throat, can feel Dean’s tongue all around him. He presses Dean closer to him, and Dean’s hands run up the back of his legs. He pulls at the back of Dean’s still-damp shirt, knotting the cotton around his fingertips.
Sam barely pays attention, barely cares. Instead, he listens to the conversations of people, walking to the elevator, of people holding cups of coffee and folders full of paper. The conversations of people who sound nothing other than miserable to be here, to be stuck in this corporate wasteland.
Castiel knows that Dean makes him weak, makes him fall further and further from Heaven. And he doesn’t want to go to some club, some place, for fractured people to try to heal their wounds with someone else’s body. Because Castiel knows exactly what it feels like, to feel broken, to feel abandoned inside of, on top of, underneath, somebody he barely knows, barely cares about, just to try to forget about what he really wants. Because Castiel knows what it feels like, to lie beside someone, to lie beside Dean, and to feel so close and so distant all at once. “I’ll go, tomorrow, whatever you need me to do.”
“What does it mean to you?” Underneath the table, her legs rub against Castiel’s and he wants to slip his knee away from the feeling of her thigh, but there’s something about her, something about the way her body touches his, that’s irresistible and repulsive at the same time.
“Why didn’t you take that deal? Why would you choose me over your mother?” Castiel tilts his head in the fluorescent light of the kitchen.
He started the Apocalypse. He broke the first seal. He’s the righteous man, who wasn’t righteous enough, who shed blood in Hell. The righteous man, who will never be strong enough, or good enough, to save the world.
I move my tongue across his lips, down his chest and his stomach. He clenches his fist in my hair and brings my face back up to his. He unbuttons my shirt, yanks on my tie until it’s loose, tilts my head back and bites lightly into my neck, his mouth finds its way up to my ear, and across my jaw.
“A Rit Zien.” Castiel leans his head back, onto Dean, the ache from his wrist dull compared to the feeling of Dean’s hands slipping away from his waist.
Dean Winchester is saved. Again.
“I didn’t even try,” Dean says. “Or, I didn’t try hard enough, I guess.”
“I didn’t have a choice, Dean, he needed me,” Amara lifts her hands, pulling back some of the smoke that surrounds them, silencing the crackling flames beneath her. “And I can’t hurt Dean. What Chuck was going to make him do to you, it would have killed him.”
Jack is hovering in the doorway. I can’t tell Sam, but every part of me wishes Jack would just vaporize, just like everyone else, forever. Because Cas’ deal, it was all about saving him. Because without Jack, Mom would still be here. Cas would still be here. Fuck
Castiel lifts his head off the table. He had forgotten how it was, to need sleep, to need food. “Thanks.”
The army of angels that Castiel leads into this fiery pit of anguish and retribution has followed him into battle before. They’ve fought, they’ve died, while Castiel has stood by in silence. While Castiel has convinced himself that their sacrifice is necessary, a symbol of his divine power.
“I’ve never regretted this,” Castiel says.
If he had a choice, Castiel would abandon it all. Let Heaven go to Hell. Pretend that none of this matters, and that he’s really free. Pretend that he hadn’t left Sam Winchester’s soul to rot.  But Castiel knows, believes, he was chosen for something, something big. He just doesn’t know what.
Everything Castiel feels right now, the way he can barely breathe, the way he watches Dean’s chest move up and down, the confusion about what to do next, is human. He could leave right now, he’d have the entire world to himself, until Chuck finds him. He could take Dean’s hand into his, pull him up onto the bed, maybe ask to do things to him that he’d never even thought about doing to anyone.
“There’s another way, there has to be, and we’ll figure it out, okay?” Dean tilts the bottle into his mouth.
“Castiel, what are you doing? Why would you let him—why would you let Dean Winchester—desecrate you like this? Stop this.” Her voice is deafening in the sanctified air surrounding them.
I pull myself to my feet, the black air heavy all around me. I’ve been here before, and something is different, and it’s not even the relentless noise. I think something is wrong. I think something is wrong with me.
Dean opens his eyes. He opens his eyes, because he never wants to close them again, because he never wants to hear the rest of what she’s trying to tell him. He opens his eyes, presses his face deeper into Castiel’s body, pulls at his own hair. “Fuck. Not this, not her.”
There will be rumors, of a Satanic cult, of ritualistic sacrifices.
“I got lost.” Dean’s eyes are still focused on the wearing-away numbers on the vending machine.
Castiel lets the towel fall off him. Inside, he still feels broken, worthless, empty, and he needs Dean right now, more than anything, and he’s never felt so close to losing his mind forever.
“About what? About your occasional summoning of one of my demons to help feed the addiction you never really got over?  The one you hide from your brother? Yeah, I know all about it. Not the kind of thing that doesn’t get around to the King of Hell.”
Right now, the confusion of this, of being human, is overwhelming to Castiel. Because Castiel understands now, the desire, the need, the feelings that have plagued him since he’d dragged Dean out of Hell. And he understands now, that the things he did, as an angel, for Dean, with Dean, were never out of duty or obligation.
Castiel can’t look at him, but he can’t look away, and he knows that, he’s supposed to refuse this. Because this, especially with a human, especially with the vessel of an archangel, is everything that is sin. Sin that Heaven will punish with death, but he’s almost dead anyway, so he takes Dean’s hands, guides them over the edge of his pants, guides them down his stomach and thighs.
I drop Rowena’s book down by my feet, there’s nothing, nothing about the Empty. Nothing that makes any sense anymore.
Still kneeling in front of Dean, Castiel opens his eyes. Sam is unconscious in the ice-strewn grass beside him. Castiel can’t tell if Sam is still breathing, can’t tell if he’s alive. Dean drops his gun, pulls at the collar of Sam’s shirt, shakes him, lifts Sam by the shoulders so that his head is on Dean’s legs. “Fix him, please, don’t let this happen. Come on, Sam.”
He raises his hand toward Dean. Dean tries to grasp it, but his fingertips only scrape against Castiel’s, and the feeling that overcomes Dean is uncontrolled heat, driving through his body, his blood, everything, all at once. It takes over his brain, it takes over his lungs, until he doesn’t even know if he can breathe at all. It’s like having Castiel everywhere, all over him, inside him. It’s like being spread apart, like being swallowed whole, like having Castiel consume him, fill every single part of him. “Fuck,” Dean turns his cheek into the pillow. “Cas, not like this. I just want to feel something, you.”
“Did someone hurt you? Betray you?” She twists dark red strands of hair around her finger. “That’s why people come here, usually. Because they’ve been hurt, because they need someone to—comfort them, I guess.”
Castiel struggles against Dean, against the feeling of Dean mouth moving along the channels of light-filled incisions that line Castiel’s body. Castiel can feel himself, further from Heaven, than he’s ever been before. And he can feel, something he doesn’t understand, something beyond whatever it is that makes him come whenever Dean calls. Something that tells Castiel he would give anything, to give Dean whatever he needs.
Dean’s fingers drop from the leather collar, down to Castiel’s pants. He fumbles with the zipper, letting them fall down to the ground so he can feel Castiel, all of Castiel, against him. Castiel pushes him backward, pushing him back onto the mattress, and climbs onto the bed. He lifts Dean’s legs, bound together by the blue lace, into the air, rests Dean’s ankles on his shoulders, folds his arm around Dean’s knees, tilting his body backward.
Dean leans his head back against the vending machine, tries to bury every emotion down inside him, tries to bury everything, except the feeling of Castiel’s hand, Castiel’s hips, against his own.
Castiel’s footsteps echo on the tiled kitchen floor behind him, as Castiel follows him to the refrigerator, as he drops two glass bottles on the metal countertop. “And what if there is no other way to stop this—child of Lucifer—from being born? What if the only way to do it is to kill Kelly Kline? You can’t—won’t—do it. I know you, Dean,” Castiel says. “You won’t be able to kill an innocent.”
“I remember you had them a lot. I could make them stop, when I was an angel.” Castiel rests his head against Dean’s body. “Now I can’t do anything.”
Eileen stands up, and puts her hand out to Sam, “So let’s try to be normal, you and me, an ex-demon blood addict and the woman you brought back from the dead.”
“Fuck you, Cas. Fuck you for letting me leave you. Fuck you for leaving me. Fuck you for all of it,” Dean says, tilting Castiel’s chin towards his.
The hotel on Washington Street is too small and too expensive. And even from the 18th floor, the roar of downtown Manhattan interferes with the hum of the television, of the nightly news. Castiel turns his face from the pictures of some murdered billionaire banker to Dean. To Dean, in the bathroom, running water down his face. To Dean, brushing his teeth. To Dean, standing under florescent bathroom lights in nothing but a black t-shirt and boxer shorts.
“Before Amara left, she told me that, I’m her family, and she’ll watch over me, forever. But, really, she’s not family. Chuck wasn’t family. And Lucifer was never really my father. You were, you are, and you always have been,” Jack says. “And I love my mother and I’ll miss her forever, but she’s at peace, and you, and Dean, and Sam, you’re my family. And you made that deal to save me, and I didn’t understand why, why someone would do that for someone else…but, I do, now. I get it.”
“That’s not what I meant,” Dean climbs out of the shower, passing a towel to Castiel. “I just meant…not here.”
But tonight, it’s Satan, the Devil, Lucifer, whatever he wants to be called, who visits Sam. Who walks with him down this Mercedes Benz-and-oak tree lined street. Satan, who whispers, “You need me. We’re the same. You and me, it’s destiny, someday, you’ll be my vessel again.”
He doesn’t tell Sam where he’s going or what he’s doing. He wants, needs to do this alone.
He sits at Lisa Braeden’s kitchen table and scatters a pile of mail in front of him. A water bill, a cable bill, a Pottery Barn catalog, all addressed to Lisa. A letter from the Lakeview School District to Ben Braeden. A menu advertising the Grand Reopening of an Italian restaurant, a newspaper full of nothing but ads, a coupon to a nail salon, all addressed only to Resident. Nothing for Dean, because Dean barely exists to the real world.
Castiel drinks the last of the liquid in the bottle. “I’m on Earth most of the time now, and I can sense longing, from so many humans. A longing, not to be lonely. A longing for physical contact, to fill some void within themselves.” And Castiel would give everything, to silence his own longing, to let himself have what he’s always denied himself.
It’s a land so beyond damned, so beyond the realms of anything holy, that the heat, the inferno ceases to exist. Its halls are lined with cracking ice, encasing the writhing souls of the treacherous, trapped for eternity.
“Save someone else,” Dean’s voice struggles against the quiet. “Don’t do this.”
“You can ask me whatever you want, Jack.”
There are days, good days, when Sam can’t remember anything about Hell, about the cage. And there are days, nights, and nightmares, when all he can think about, all he can feel, is Lucifer ripping his soul apart, piece by piece, over and over. And it’s on those days, nights, after those dreams, when he wakes up covered in sweat, terrified, that he can almost taste it. The way it felt burning through his insides, the power it gave him. The way he felt invincible while it dripped down his throat.
And, for awhile, the nameless fucking, the cheap alcohol, the fake law school admissions essays he writes in the middle of the night when he wants to pretend that, someday, he’ll be free from this, that Dean will be free from this, are enough. But the charred bodies of Vince Vincente, of Ethan Burke, the reminders of the agony Lucifer likes to inflict, have reminded Sam that he’s not free of the curse bestowed on him thirty-something years ago.
Eileen doesn’t say anything, and she doesn’t look at him. She digs the heel of her boot into the dirt beneath the bench, and she watches a swing on the playground sway back and forth in the wind. She drinks her coffee, and slides herself further from Sam, her fingers moving along the chipped blue paint of the bench’s slats. She taps her red nails on the iron arm rest.
“You aren’t leaving,” Dean responds.
But the way she says his name in the vacant office air, the way she her heels sound against the worn-thin rug, it makes him realize that he doesn’t really believe he has anything to apologize for. He deserves all of this, everything he wants, everyone he wants.
And, as the sun lingers over the horizon, and its rays spread broken colors across the damp air, Castiel can feel his grace, slowly flowing through his body again. He slides himself out from underneath Dean, and he watches him, watches the way the rising light moves across his face. The guilt, from swallowing Dean down, from having Dean in a way that angels were never supposed to have humans, starts to sink down into him.
“Cas, I didn’t mean it. Please, I need this tonight, I need you.” Dean lifts his head toward him.
Castiel shuts his eyes and says, “I should leave. I’m useless like this. Chuck always told me I wasn’t supposed to be part of the story.”
“What is it?”
“Whose house is this?” Sam lifts his head to the arm of the couch.
“This is the first time you’ve ever been happy?” Castiel shifts himself forward, twisting the napkin Jack had given him around his finger. “You were never happy, here, with me, and Dean, and Sam?”
Castiel doesn’t know how to answer, because all he can think about is how it would be, to finally have Dean, with nothing in between them, to have Dean in the middle of this empty world, to have Dean in a way that was never in one of Chuck’s stories, to have Dean out of Dean’s own free will.
“Classy, feathers,” Crowley stands over him. “This your thing now? You like to watch?”
And I wonder if I’ll ever be forgiven for this, like I’ve been forgiven for every other sin I’ve committed, brought back from death and nothingness. But this is different, and this definitely isn’t part of God’s story.
Castiel could hold Dean’s soul here, against him, with him, on the edges of Hell, forever. He could hold Dean’s soul, a soul that believes it’s nothing but a monster, a killer, a torturer, and tell Dean that for this soul, Castiel would fight a minefield of demons, over and over. That for this soul, Castiel would give up his grace forever. For this soul, Castiel would deceive Heaven. That for this soul, Castiel would give everything. That Dean Winchester’s soul is Castiel’s fate.
In the glass, Castiel watches the reflection of his own mouth as it spreads over Dean’s. He watches the reflections of a broken, damaged angel, of a broken, damaged man, cracking along bags of sour-cream potato chips and days-old sandwiches, like some kind of foil-and-cellophane-wrapped stained glass.
And Dean doesn’t close his eyes, as he loses control of his thoughts, as he whispers, “Fuck, I love being yours.”
She tells me, she wants back in Hell. She heard there’s a demon uprising and the Queen of Hell is losing all control. She wants to warn Rowena, stop the insurgency, she wants to become Rowena’s second in command. “What are you going to do, if we get out of here?” she asks.
This is easy when Sam is around. When Sam is asleep in the passenger seat, and Dean can let his eyes drift up to the rear-view mirror, until his eyes meet Castiel’s in the back-seat reflection, in silent recognition of whatever they had just done in some motel bathroom. In quiet anticipation of what they would do, what they could do, hidden away in some of corner of wherever it was they were going. This is easy, when the only time they can spend alone is spent with their mouths and hands all over one another.
All that’s left of Castiel is sealed in a gallon-size Ziploc bag. Every part of him. Ground bones piled in clear plastic, locked with a strip of pink and blue.
The spell, with Jack’s blood, the spell that once resurrected Lucifer from the Empty, the one that was supposed to resurrect Cas, nothing happened, it didn’t do anything. You need the blood of someone connected to the angel, and Jack isn’t Cas’ blood, not really.
There’s silence finally. The screaming in Dean’s head, the echoes of all the souls he’d tortured in Hell, he can’t hear anything anymore. The pain that had been running through every part of him all night, grows duller and duller until he can barely feel at all.
“Why are you doing this? Why are you helping me?” he asks. “Are you working with Chuck? What’s in this for you?”
“This was a mistake,” Crowley says. “Even I can admit that.”
“What’s wrong with you?” Dean pushes Castiel back by his shoulders. “You disappear, we—I was worried. I was freaking out, because I didn’t know what happened, if you were alive. And you come back here, and tell me, you couldn’t—didn’t want to—respond to all the messages I left you. And you come back here and tell me you wanted to bring me a win—”
The first stars are fighting to shine against the setting sun, and Castiel looks over at Dean, “This feels like a funeral.”
Because if Dean knows, about Ben, Castiel will lose Dean forever. And he’s never really even had Dean, not in the way he wants to.
Maybe, Sam and Dean should be back already. The last text that Sam had sent him was over two hours ago, to let him know that they had finally found it. A foreclosed-on farm haunted by vampires, where they’ve been taking the barely-alive bodies of women, where they’ve been draining them slowly, and then completely.
“God is dead,” Castiel pulls his face up to Dean’s, lets his lips linger on his. “God is dead, and you’re finally mine.”
Every part of Castiel. Burned, crushed to pieces. In a fucking bag. Castiel, who dragged him out of Hell. Castiel, always willing to bleed for the Winchesters. Castiel, who betrayed Heaven, who disobeyed God, all for Dean.
It worked, barely. He’s barely an angel, but maybe it’s enough, it has to be enough, to get him to the Empty, to Cas.
“I can’t stop,” Castiel says, moving his arm away from Dean’s fingertips. “I’m not who I used to be, I’ve done things I regret but a lot of things that I don’t. Because I had to. And, sometimes, just because I wanted to. And I don’t want to stop.”
“Enough, Moose.” Crowley opens the glass door. “You asked me to bring you to Lucifer, I’m trying to bring you to Lucifer.”
Standing in between the broken cars, Castiel calls the number for Bud’s Automotive, the number Dean had given him, and tells whoever answers the phone that he needs a car towed, from the parking lot of the church on North 23rd Street to Lisa’s house, to 213 Weinbach Avenue. He gives whoever answers the phone Dean’s fake credit card number, says to charge whatever it costs, it doesn’t matter.
“Maybe,” Sam can hear the hesitancy in her voice, and he wonders how long it will be before she regrets everything she’s saying.
“I need time, to figure things out, and I can’t do it here, in the middle of this, in the bedroom where I just got high off demon blood for days,” Sam says.
Castiel lays down on the bed, letting his own feet twist around the same blanket as Dean’s. The buttons on the mattress press against his shoulder blades. “Whatever you want, Dean. I always do what you want. I always do whatever you need.”
This is far from the first time he’s lost his mind, but this is different. He’s on his knees, books of lore wide open, in a circle around him. Broken bowls and failed ingredients of seven or eight spells that didn’t work, that didn’t summon the Empty, covering his jeans and the ground in front of him. His hands are bloody, from the shattered glass of a bottle of something, and he leaves red handprints in the grass, that almost match the one that’s still on the shoulder of his jacket. He refused to change before we came here.
“For me?” Dean steps closer to Castiel, expecting him to move backward, but Castiel stays still, stays stoic.
The screams of Hell fade away to nothing as Castiel pulls Dean away from the pit, as he pulls him back up toward the atmosphere, up toward the open wound in the Earth the angels had created on the path to Hell.
Dean looks across the wasteland of steel, back at Bobby’s house. Maybe, Sam or Bobby would come looking for him out here. Maybe he doesn’t care. His ears are still ringing from the sound of the explosion that ripped Jo and Ellen apart. And he just needs to make it quiet. He lifts the edge of the knife to Castiel’s neck, but he stops himself from doing what he’s done so many times before.
“I’m never getting out of here.” I let my head drop onto her shoulder. My power,  I can feel it get weaker with every second, and I feel myself slipping away. She shakes me awake, she tells me if I fall asleep, it might be forever. “I’m not even good at being an angel, but I was terrible at being human.”
“I just wanted to make sure.” Dean lets his body rest against Castiel’s, lets Castiel drape his arm over his body, lets their fingers intertwine.
“Sorry, Dean,” Castiel says.
Castiel can feel Dean exhale into his mouth, and the way their legs have somehow become entwined. “Are you doing this because you think you have to?”
“Yeah. That. But I didn’t love Sam.” Her dark hair blends into the abyss that surrounds us. All I can see is her face. “But you. All you needed to do to make yourself happy was to tell Dean Winchester you’re in love with him. Not very angelic, or whatever.”
“Touch me,” Dean mumbles. “I don’t want to do this myself. Not when I finally have you back.”
But Dean kisses him, runs his tongue along his chin and neck and throat, loosens his tie, unbuttons his shirt, presses their bodies together like they’ve done so many times before. Dean tells himself that, maybe, he shouldn’t care that Castiel is going to betray him. Because, maybe, Castiel is just like everyone else, who has used him, who has deceived him, who has left him.
“I don’t know. Do you want to talk about Cas?” Sam pulls blades of grass out of the ground and throws them down on the street. “About the fact that he’s human….?”
From across the room, Chuck claps. The loud kind of clap, the kind of clap where one hand folds into the other. The kind of clap that pierces the air and echoes off the dungeon walls. Sam lowers the gun, points it down at the floor, and slumps back down onto the concrete. He puts his hands over his face, a string of incoherent words escaping his mouth.
“Come on, don’t stop, this was just getting good,” Chuck says.
Dean rolls over onto his side, pulls Castiel’s ear with his teeth, slips his hand underneath the waist of Castiel’s pants.
“They’ll hunt you,” Castiel closes his eyes as Dean stands, pushing himself against Castiel, his clothes brushing into the exposed parts of Castiel’s skin. “They’ll hunt you and I can’t let them do that to you.”
Dean leans forward, pulling Castiel with him, locking Castiel’s arms around him. “You and me, all we really have, is each other. All we really have is this. Fuck Heaven.”
Jack chokes on the smell of burning flesh. There’s an explosion of white light, and he can’t see anything, can’t hear anything except a constant ringing in his head, and he clasps his ears, tries to drown out the noise, but it’s stuck in his brain, and he can’t make it stop.
Castiel can hear Dean, above everything, everyone. The sounds of other angels, the sounds of Heaven, are all drown out by Dean. Since the moment he dragged him out of Hell, Castiel can’t think of anything, anyone else. He should have never given in to the orders of God, or whoever was giving the orders now. He never should have forced Dean into that room with Alastair.
And Dean tries to accept that this, this life, is just how it was always supposed to be for him, how it would always be—that his father wanted him to pick up where he left off, saving people, hunting things, the family business, something like that, whatever that means anymore. That it’s always been his fate, to die a hunter, to die at the hands of some monster, even at the hands of a monster that turned out to be God himself. But lying alone, in the middle of a discarded Earth, he knows this isn’t all there is for him. That he could have been, could be, so much more than Daddy’s blunt instrument.
“And who knows, maybe it will work out. Maybe you and me, we can go back to school, get normal jobs, pretend to be normal people, with a normal house, normal problems, something like that,” she laughs. “Whatever normal means for us, after all this.”
“Actually, no. Not really,” Dean lays down on the ground, his head against Castiel’s shoe, and he reaches up, wraps his fingers around Castiel’s ankle. “You are pretty fucked up.”
I have to do this, I have to do this right, or it’s the end of Dean, the end of the world, the end of me.
“To survive this, to survive the Apocalypse,” Castiel says.
“No angels, no demons? No constant apocalypses?” Dean doesn’t know if he can imagine a world where he can close his eyes at night without being haunted by a thousand ghosts, without thinking about who needs him, without thinking about who’s dying without him. “What about Ruby? She’s still here.”
Castiel knows, this is all his fault. And he knows, that he should, but he can’t, leave Dean here like this, hurt, confused, reckless. He could heal Dean’s body, but it won’t stop him, from lying here, drinking himself half to death, it wouldn’t stop him from blaming, hating Castiel.
“You need your grace, for tomorrow, for Raphael,” Dean turns the blade in his hand, watches as it mirrors the room around him, absorbing the colors of the beige living room walls.
“Us? You want me to stop this for us?” Castiel presses his palm down, harder on Dean’s hand, holds him still as he lets his lips overwhelm Dean’s. “You want to let the Devil’s child walk this Earth for us?”
“You just want it to be over, so…what? Maybe your girlfriend, or whatever she is, comes back? And then what? You pretend everything is fine? Sam, you know this isn’t just the demon blood, right? There’s something else going on with you, isn’t there?”  His fingers dig into my skin while I speak, and he lifts me away from the headboard and slams me back into it.
Cas’ hand moves along the ground, and he grips my wrist. “Dean,” he turns his face towards me. His voice is strained, barely audible.
“Why? Why would you do that for me?”
“So then what do we do, Sam? How do we end this?” Dean stands up, and the gravel and grass that had been stuck on his jeans scatters on the ground, reflecting the dimming sunlight.
Against the twilight, Sam opens his eyes. He can’t remember anything, how he got here, why his entire body hurts, or why the air smells like burnt decay. “Dean, what the hell happened?”
“This is for my Mom,” Jack throws a handful of papers down onto the blaze, then he places the journal back in Dean’s hands. “You do the rest.”
“You can’t save me. I don’t deserve to be saved. Not after this.” Dean drops to his knees, his hand falling into Castiel’s, as he tilts his face up, into the abyss. “I just needed to make it stop. Alastair, all of it.”
“What else can I do?” Sam leans back against the wall. “It was supposed to be Jack, Jack was supposed to beat God. But you ruined it, Dean. You, you always ruin everything. From the night you showed up in my apartment, all those years ago, I never should have left Jess, I never should have gone with you.”
And Dean stands, puts his finger on the trigger, and prays.
Of course Jack knew about the deal, of course he didn’t tell us.
“You don’t need to take care of me, Dean,” Castiel says, leaning his head into the passenger side window.
Dean looks away, at the bare walls, at his clothes in a wet pile on the floor. All he can hear is the sound of Castiel breathing, unsteady, erratic, fighting to recover. Dean runs his hand down his own body. He should go clean himself up, he should go get dressed, but he doesn’t want to move, he just wants to lay here, pretend this moment can go on for eternity and that there’s nothing else, no one else, but the two of them. No God, no world to save.
“Give me Cas back. Give Jack back. I’ll get you God. I’ll bring you God.” I know, it knows, everything I’m saying is a lie. Without Cas, I don’t care about finding Chuck, or saving the world, or anything else.
“What’s wrong with you, Cas?” The rain streaks down Dean’s face, as Castiel spreads his legs over Dean’s hips.
Dean listens to the sound of Castiel lying back, lying next to him, the springs on the mattress whining as they compress underneath him. He listens to the sound of Castiel breathing, inhaling sharply as his wounds brush against the side of the bed, and he listens to the sound of his own lips against Castiel’s chin, to Castiel saying, “I don’t want to talk,” before he shoves his tongue into Castiel’s mouth.
“It was just, nothing. It was cold and dark. Lonely, I guess,” she says, watching a group of teenagers ride by on bicycles. “Mostly I was afraid I wouldn’t see you again. But I think I always knew that you would save everyone.”
“Don’t fuck reapers or baby-sit your boss’ kid, I guess.” Dean slips backward, letting his body rest on his knees, letting his hand rest on Castiel’s leg. And maybe he should tell Castiel that it had taken everything in him not to stop Castiel from ever knocking on Nora’s door tonight. That it had ripped Dean apart to let him go, to give him meaningless advice about holding the door for her, about asking her questions. Because Dean was afraid to bring Castiel here, because all Dean wanted was to bring Castiel here.
Somewhere near Indianapolis, Dean pulls over on the side of the road. The darkness is split open by the passing headlights of two or three cars as Dean steps out onto the blacktop. He opens the door to Castiel. “You drive.”
Castiel’s lips fall open just enough to let Dean’s tongue slide through and the chain rattles in between their bodies. He swallows against the feeling of the leather collar, tight around his throat. “What do you want, Dean?”
“I need more,” Dean struggles to speak. “Of you.”
And when Dean is far beyond consciousness, Castiel can say what he needs to say, what he says when Dean will never know, never hear, because at least then, Castiel knows, he’s told Dean what this all means. With his lips nearly touching Dean’s face, he whispers, barely audible above even the sounds of the ordinary chaos of the city. “I love you.”
“How do you feel?” I turn my face into his pillow.
Castiel runs his palm along the worn jeans that Dean had given him, that Dean had told him would make him fit in here, if he could ever fit in anywhere like this. “We’ve hurt each other. We’ve betrayed each other. We’ve been through Hell together and put each other through Hell. And we do it again and again.”
“No. I want you right now, more than I’ve ever wanted anything ever.” Castiel’s mouth drops from Dean’s to his chin, to his chest, to his stomach, until Castiel’s knees are against the floor, until Castiel is pushing Dean’s jeans down to his ankles. He buries his face in Dean’s thighs, against the nearly sheer floral pattern that spreads across Dean’s hips. He’s still connected to Dean by the chain that Dean yanks on to make Castiel fall even closer against him.
“Not exactly - I’m just turning Sam into what he was always supposed to be,” Chuck rises from the floor. “And the rest of you, well, I’ve had enough. Your stories need to end.”
So he stands, in front of the motel vending machine, in front of bags of chips stuck against the glass, stuck on their way to a failed $1.25 escape. He counts the number of candy bars lined up along the bottom coils.
Dean sits down on the curb, in front of the dimly lit bar. Its door is propped open, and Bon Jovi’s “Living on a Prayer” plays low enough for Dean to still hear the conversation between the two or three people inside. Asshole bosses, asshole spouses, asshole kids. Normal people bullshit.
Dean points the gun at Sam. “You know, it took me a long time to realize that Dad was wrong about mostly everything. Except you. Except he was right, when he told me you’re a monster.”
He drives too fast, too far. Past houses and schools and churches, past vacant store fronts and broken neon signs. And he prays to Castiel, prays for Castiel back, prays that somehow, somewhere, someway, Castiel can hear him. He prays, again, to God, to God who isn’t listening and to God who doesn’t care.
Dean rests his hand on the man’s shoulder. “No. I just know what it’s like.”
His final words echo over and over in my head. His deal, to sacrifice himself to the Empty, to let it steal him away forever, for Jack, for me. The one thing he wanted was something he thought he could never have.
If I give in, if I give it Jack’s grace, we have nothing. No way to defeat Chuck. No way to bring everyone back. No way to save the world.  But I’d have Cas. “I’ll do it….if you give Cas his grace back.”
But I’m being drained anyway. And I don’t know who, or what, is draining me.
In a few hours, in the morning, when the sun starts to climb over the mountains looming in the distance, someone jogging or walking their dog will find the body, washed up and mangled on the muddy edges of land.
He refuses to let me be the one, to take Jack’s grace, to go to the Empty. He says it has to be him.
Soap bubbles trickle down his body and pool together before drifting down the drain, washing away the Empty, washing away anything that was divine, celestial. Castiel can still remember the depths of Hell, remember pulling Dean’s tortured, broken soul back to Earth, and now Dean had saved him, scarred him, stripped him of his grace without even realizing.
“You said he was here.” Sam watches women, men, parking cars in the lot around them. Women, men, dressed in business-casual Hell, texting, carrying brown paper bags of whatever they could find in their refrigerators that might pass for an at-their-desk-while-working lunch. They walk with a slow-dread, in the morning sun that’s reflecting off the mirrors of glass that cover the building.
“Jack…right now, I’m the only thing keeping Sam Winchester from being the monster he was always supposed to be. The monster at the end of this book.”
“Yes,” is all Castiel says, interrupting him, staring down at the water swirling around by his feet, watching the way Dean’s jeans drag along the bottom of the tub, the water climbing up the darkening denim.
“I’ll be fine, or I won’t, it doesn’t matter. You can, if you want to,” Castiel tilts his head up against the wall, his fingers move along the shellacked wooden floor, and he pulls on the denim of Dean’s jeans, pulls on the cotton of Dean’s t-shirt, pulls Dean almost against him.
“I’ve got you.” I don’t know if he can hear me, it doesn’t matter.
She breaks away from him, after what feels like minutes, hours, and opens the door to the hallway filled with pink-hued lighting and the sounds of desperation and drunkenness. “It should. Come back when it does.”
“Take it, all of it.” I tell the Empty. “Take whatever is in me, whatever is left in Jack. Whatever Sam took from me. Just give me Cas, and give me Jack, and give me Ruby.”
“Do you?” She twists the tissue in her fingers, her voice unsteady as she glances down the hallway, to make sure the kids’ doors are closed, to make sure the kids are still locked away in their own grief or relief or whatever. “Because I knew he was doing these things, for so long. And I just stayed quiet, stayed here, let him make a fool of me. And then, about a month ago I got sick of it. And I found this club—well, more like a secret meeting place—for people like me. I found out about it online.” She runs her fingers down her face and her hands are trembling, shaking, as she speaks. “For people to go and find someone that they could just let themselves go with. For revenge, comfort, or something. And I did to Jim, what he’s been doing to me for years, but now he’s dead and all I can feel is guilt. I loved him, despite everything.”
Dean closes his eyes, as his back slams into the vending machine, as he lets Castiel slide his fingertips into his mouth. The force of his body against the glass panel causes the machine’s insides to spill down within it, and the sound of coins crashing along each other bounces off the brick walls of the motel.
“Do you want me to stop?” Dean uses the tip of the blade to loosen Castiel’s tie, to unbutton the first two buttons of his shirt. This has become their routine, their unspoken ritual, performed in the dark, in stairwells and bathroom stalls, in the beds of vacant motel rooms broken into after Sam had fallen asleep. For Dean, it took the edge off, it helped him fall asleep, it helped him forget about the Apocalypse, forget about setting Lucifer free.
And now, somewhere, in this fallen city, Death walks free.
And I drop down to my knees, and I pray, I pray to Cas, and hope he can hear me, hope that angels can hear other angels here, hope that he still wants to answer my prayer. Cas, this is all my fault, there are things about me, that no one knows, that I pretend even I don’t know. There are things I feel, that I never thought he could understand. There are things I wanted, that I never thought he wanted.
“There is no one else, Dean,” Castiel rises, so close to Dean that he can feel Dean’s breath as he exhales, he can hear Dean’s heart, pounding in his chest. In the thousands of years that he’s been stationed on Earth there have been humans, humans that maybe Castiel wanted to know, differently. But he’s never felt this close to rebelling, this close to falling, this close to wanting something he didn’t think he could want.
And I tell myself, that I deserve to be here, because saving Dean and saving Jack, was so much more important than me. But here, in the middle of nothing, all of the things I wanted and all the things I couldn’t have, have been taken from me for eternity.
And Dean knows he can’t sit in this room another second, restraining himself from asking Castiel if he was the reason, if the things they’d done in the secrecy of empty warehouses and on forsaken roadsides were the reason, that Castiel believed he belonged somewhere, some place, adjacent to Hell.
She says she’ll do anything. She rambles through a list of things Castiel barely even understands. Some of those things will cost him extra. And she kisses him again, lets her tongue slip into his mouth. Then her hands fall to his waist, her fingertips fumble with the zipper on his pants.
They were friends, family, something like that, to everyone else. But in the middle of the night, in seedy motel rooms and abandoned houses, on Dean’s floor at two in the morning, in the back of the Impala behind some crappy bar, they were something else.
“You need practice,” I reach down and run my fingers along his, but he pulls his hand away from mine. “And I’m the only demon here.”
Castiel rests his head on Dean’s hips, the leather collar becoming ensnared with the blue lace that has pushed itself up Dean’s thighs. “I love that you’re mine.”
“Whatever.” Sam tells himself that it’s not Crowley’s blood that he can smell, not Crowley’s blood that echoes in his head. “Tomorrow, we keep going—we find Lucifer.”
“Why?” Dean tilts his face down onto Castiel’s shoulder. “Why me?”
His fingers move underneath the sheer fabric that separates her body from his, and along the curves of her stomach. He’s been inside women before, when he’s taken them as his vessels, but he’s never done this, and shouldn’t, can’t do this. And he doesn’t want to. At least, not with her.
“It’s okay, it doesn’t matter.” Dean shuts his eyes against Castiel. “Most of my nightmares happen when I’m awake.”
Tom Conicelli, 51 years-old. Elected to the New York City Council three years ago. Found in his office, near midnight, by his husband, after he never came home for their daughter’s birthday.
And Dean can see now, what he’s never been able to see, what was buried somewhere inside him. Castiel pulling him from Hell, Castiel pulling him off the rack and dragging him out the fire, Castiel touching his soul, Castiel healing his mangled body. Castiel putting him back together, Castiel saving him, over and over again.
In the dark, there’s the sound of footsteps on the floor above them. The sound of someone moaning on the other side of the wall. And he tries to hear the angels, but there’s still only Dean, breathing, mumbling in his sleep. Dean, shifting in the bed, until the nape of his neck is against Castiel’s mouth. Dean, sleeping, shoving himself backward into Castiel’s hips.
Castiel has been everywhere, all over this universe. He has bore witness to bloody Crusades, the fall of empires, wars, plagues. But never has he felt air so thick with dread, his breath floating through the terror in clouds of condensation.
