"Jesus I didn't even think to look…" John cursed as he bent down and carefully used the handkerchief to scoop up the syringe. The man hadn't been wearing gloves, so with any luck, they could pull prints off the syringe.
“Jealous, actually.” John whistled, “How’d you get that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Ruffling his hair and growling in frustration Sherlock looked over the printouts of police reports Greg had sent over. Over the past six months, dozens of people had been reported missing, or bodies had been found and never claimed. To date, seven of the unsolved deaths were of victims with nearly identical feather tattoos on their collarbones. Their ghostly faces stared back at him, glassy eyes begging him to bring them peace.
“How long, Sir,” Sherlock asked, ignoring the sinking feeling that settled deep within his chest. This wasn’t just a game of sexual denial. John was telling him point blank that he wasn’t allowed to seek out soft touches, or cuddles in the night. He knew this wouldn’t be easy for John, that John would miss those touches just as much as he did. Somehow knowing that his actions had not only made his life less enjoyable, but John’s as well, was worse than the act of being punished.
"No, but only because I'm afraid I'll tear them, and I most definitely want to see you in them again."
Sherlock reached out a shaking hand and collected the lubricant from their nightstand. He pressed the tube into John’s outstretched hand. Their eyes met as John slicked up his left index finger. The corners of John’s eyes narrowed in one last question, when Sherlock nodded they crinkled into a sudden smile. With his tongue working circles around the tip of Sherlock’s cock, John slowly pressed his finger inside Sherlock. He only went up to the first knuckle, after holding it there he pulled out, swapping his focus back to Sherlock’s cock.
“Promise?” Sherlock asked softly. He pulled his head free just enough to look up at John and scrubbed a hand over his face to wipe away the tears.
“Both. I was unconscious for a short while yesterday, I’m quite certain they were not gentle with me.” Sherlock said around a groan.
“And you still want to do this with me?” John queried, swallowing hard at the lump that was forming in his throat.
“The man who’s about to make me come my brains out if he’d just hurry up and get naked.” John groaned, taking himself in hand, easing a fraction of the ache that had built up.
“Captain indeed, Locky… Be nice to the ugly jumper, he’ll need something to wear out of here. I can work miracles, but they don’t happen instantly.”
.” Zed chuckled, pointing across the bar to where a shadow lurked just inside the entrance. Sherlock Holmes stood facing the pair. He was dressed in dark leather trousers, and a tight t-shirt clung to his torso. His curls had been gelled and teased until they sat in tight ringlets on the top of his head.
“What do you want?” John asked Sherlock as he hungrily watched Sherlock remove his clothing. Each article of clothing was then meticulously folded and placed in a tidy pile by the door. Nodding his approval John pulled his own shirt off and gave it to Sherlock to fold.
“Jesus, you’re so fucking tight,” John murmured around a guttural groan. “I’m not going to last long inside you, not when you’re making such delicious sounds and when you feel like
Sherlock listened to the change in John's breathing and felt a wave of smug satisfaction wash over him. The man who last night had been so concerned with keeping Sherlock's breathing calm and relaxed was now a panting mess. John's breath, seconds in, came as loud pants. As if he were a drowning man searching for life-saving oxygen.
After they’d consumed more than their fair shares, and half the wine, John set the dinner dishes in the sink. Turning, he rested the small of his back against the counter and crossed his arms over his chest.
“I don’t enjoy keeping things from him.” John said with a tinge of warning to his voice, “But, depending on what you have to say, I’ll think about it.”
“Ta, oh, here,” John said, shuffling one of the bags around so he could reach the packet of hobnobs he’d bought to replace the ones Sherlock had pinched. “Best hide them, so he doesn’t find them.”
“Christ,” John laughed as he pushed himself up from the wall and stuffed himself back inside his trousers. “Come on, put yourself away and let’s head home. You’re going to need some sleep before we use every inch of our new room.”
Heaving a sigh, John nodded then fixed his gaze on Sherlock, watching as another man came up to guide Sherlock’s head in a fast rhythm. Feeling himself grow too close to an orgasm, he waved the man away and pulled Sherlock to his feet using the chain around Sherlock’s neck. Once Sherlock was standing, John took him by the arms and guided him to the ottoman, pushing him back against the leather surface with a firm shove. Sherlock fell with a dramatic air and a devilish smirk then rolled over onto his hands and knees, wiggling his arse in John’s direction.
One more note!! (Then I'll shut up, I swear)
With John’s fingernails carefully scraping small circles along his scalp, it didn’t take long. Sherlock felt the tension building, like a fire pooling in the pit of his stomach. His balls tightened, and the dry friction turned into a wet slide as his precome slid down his length.
John shifted behind him, and a moment later, he came back into Sherlock’s line of vision. Their eyes locked, and they shared a private moment.
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock said breathlessly, hastening to obey. The cool bricks pressed against his back like icicles, his shirt doing very little to retain his body heat. Per John’s instructions, he folded his arms behind his back, slotting his hands into the dip at the base of his spine. He barely had himself in position when John’s shadow loomed over him.
“Ta,” John grunted as he put his on and jumped out of the van.
“He has your habit of being unable to sit still and simply wait, John,” Mycroft said around an appreciative smile. “From my understanding, he’d managed to get ahold of Lestrade after we left the strip mall. Lestrade apparently wanted company, and Zed was more than happy to provide it.
“Tea and biscuits it is.” John agreed, closing his laptop and standing up.
“Completely,” Sherlock said, nodding, his fingers sliding over his lips.
“You, playing the role of handyman. Is this the part where I’m supposed to come up and just randomly start sucking on your dick?”
“It can be arranged,” Sherlock replied over his shoulder, already untucking his shirt.
“No, most aren’t here, let me?” John requested, holding out a hand.
Sherlock’s face twisted into a grimace, but John held up a hand before he had time to vocalize his complaint.
“Cruise of Terror? Really, John? Change it, immediately.”
Sherlock’s words soothed the rougher edges of John’s anger, but there was still a fire kindling in those blue eyes.
“Never put one of these on, but I’ve watched a video,” he admitted, “the goal isn't to hurt you, so if I do please say something.”
“Good, because that will be the only text alert tone your phone makes when I text you,” Sherlock announced happily.
“Do you truly understand, Sherlock? Can I take this hood off, or do you need more time alone with your thoughts?”
“Ah yes, I remember you, Sir. Black and red tonight?” She asked, eyeing the men.
“John,” Zed said firmly, coming to stand in front of his friend. He placed both hands on John’s shoulders and looked him in the eye. “Not for nothing, but you need to get a grip. Yeah, watching that was probably the most frightening thing I’ve ever witnessed, but Sherlock needs all of us on our top game. Knowing where he’s being taken, and getting him out are two different things. So either, pull yourself together, or you’ll have to sit at the kiddie table with the rest of us while the grown-ups go get him.”
To Mycroft’s credit, the briefing was quick. Thanks to the tracker John had sewn into Sherlock’s skirt, and the partial ID from Zed, they’d been able to confirm that the GPS coordinates, a laundrette set into a strip mall, matched the location of the van. With the trouble of having to
“Right.”
“Over the next seven days, I want you to watch for any areas you either want or don’t want me to have control over. Generally, this period will be to explore, refine, and enjoy.” John looked to  Sherlock, who nodded approvingly. “I have to admit; I’m rather excited to work on our contract for next week.” John grinned, putting the pen and paper down on the coffee table. “This one is rather lackluster, doesn’t go into detail on names, expectancies, or anything like that, but it's good to start with. At the very least, it gives us a few guidelines to build upon.”
“Zed, darling.” Lydia said, saddling up to her Dom’s side after tilting her head in John’s direction, “A competition is in order, I think. The first sub to orgasm wins, the loser has to buy everyone currently here a round of drinks.”
“Your cock, John. Do that with your cock.” Sherlock practically shouted.
“He’s the best,” Sherlock agreed while handing John’s jumper back to him, “Undamaged, for now. Though I feel an experiment involving acid coming on.”
For the next hour, they sat and listened while Mycroft relayed the events of the evening after they’d left to take Sherlock home. Twenty-six men and women had been recovered that night, along with thirty-nine men responsible for keeping them there. Out of that thirty-nine, twenty-eight still remained alive with four in serious condition. The man John had overpowered was the only man to walk out of that building without a bullet through him.
“Walthen,” Mycroft said, then turned to address John, “The man you accosted last night, well he and Sisk are being used against each other. My staff let Sisk see Walthen being taken out of the interview room this morning. Worried that Walthen would be given a deal before him, Sisk finally decided to talk.”
“That is an image I cannot wait to delete." Sherlock scowled, his thoughts dominated by images of his brother mid-coitus. At a gentle touch from John, however, his thoughts cleared.
"Here," Sherlock offered and reached for the case John was dragging behind him so that John could pull his jumper off, "told you to dress for warm weather."
“Cared for?” John tried, his hand sinking back into Sherlock’s curls. “Loved?”
, with Mycroft’s name and personal mobile number. The D.I.  alerted my brother before the ambulance arrived on the scene. Thus Mycroft was able to re-route my care. When I woke up, I was in the most prestigious rehab facility London has to offer. I spent four months there as a patient. Mycroft set the terms so I couldn’t leave on my own accord. I had only been released for a short while when you limped into my life.”
“Oh, I could go on, but if you want this outfit done by Friday, I shouldn’t.”
“With a little White Christmas on the side,” Sherlock said while reaching for his wallet.
“Oh? So, if I were to kiss you right now, you wouldn’t become putty in my hands?” Wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist John looked up into Sherlock’s eyes then grimaced. “Yeah, can’t do it with them staring at me.” Wrinkling his nose at the pictures on the wall, John released Sherlock and jerked his head toward the stairs. They both bound for the stairs, Sherlock took them two at a time, as if sex were the only thing that would keep him from floating away.
“Hop in, and tell me where,” Zed announced, motioning to the seat beside him.
“Pain? Restraints? Obedience tasks?” John queried, trying to get a better picture of how to help his partner. Now standing in just his pants, with a gloriously naked Sherlock a few inches away from him, John felt his cock twitching to life.
“Oh, hello dear,” Mrs. Huson said, looking up from the vegetable allotment she was hunched over. He and Sherlock had helped raise it off the ground after they saw her struggling to her knees. “Always best to plant in the rain.”
The crowd parted for the two men, and they crossed the room hand in hand. On the other side, against the wall, Zed had set up a small platform, roughly two meters by two meters. On it sat two crude wooden chairs.
“I would hope so, for his sake,” Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes. Regretfully he pulled himself from John’s arms and reached for his dressing gown. His brother’s presence, it seemed, did not warrant pants. Hardly bothering to even tie his robe closed, Sherlock bent down, placed a kiss on John’s forehead then headed off to go see his brother.
John felt the moment it happened. Sherlock’s whole body went loose beneath him, to the point where John had to grab onto Sherlock’s hips to hold him up. Sherlock’s moans suddenly ceased and the detective’s white-knuckled grip on the ottoman relaxed. With one final shudder John felt Sherlock’s muscles contract around him, and judging by the hooting from the crowd, he could only imagine the mess Sherlock was making on the ottoman. As Sherlock clenched around him, John gritted his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut, his own orgasm not far behind Sherlock’s.
“How long?” he asked, knowing Sherlock would understand the question.
Back at the Yard, they found John already waiting in Lestrade’s office. Sherlock bustled in,  laptop and charger in hand and took one look around the room.
“Unimportant, and not the reason for our chat,” Mycroft said dismissively.
“John Watson and Sherlock Holmes,” he said, raising his voice to be heard over the influx of voices.
"Jesus Christ," John gasped while tugging at the collar of his shirt with his free hand.
fast,” John admitted, thinking about how in a single week, he had moved out of his bedroom. Then there was the mind-boggling fact that he’d not only allowed but hadn’t cared that Sherlock had repurposed his old room into London’s most well-equipped sex dungeon. Certainly, Ella would have something to say about that. Something along the lines of moving too quickly without allowing himself space to heal. But he was happy, and Sherlock was happier than he’d ever seen him. “Things are good, and life with Sherlock is a bit more black and white. Like Yoda said, there is no try, only do.”
“A scene, here? Then… in an alley? You would?” Sherlock gaped, unable to figure out which scenario held the most appeal to him.
The owner himself stood in the center of a semicircle of people. He was dressed in his signature plum suit. He had his hand on the shoulder of a woman roughly John’s age. She was upside down, hanging from a series of hooks and pulleys in the ceiling. Her blond hair hung loose and brushed against the floor as Zed gently swung her back and forth. Strong muscles glistened where her modest bodysuit didn’t cover flesh. John felt a jolt of desire rush through him at the sight. With a small amount of effort, John pushed his way through the moderate crowd to get a better look, only stopping when he was a few feet away from Zed and the woman.
“Here, John,” Sherlock called softly.
“Oh god, yes.” Sherlock sighed, melting against John’s chest as John’s arms encircled his back.
Catching up John falls into step with Sherlock, watching as he weaves his way through the throng of evening pedestrians while firing off text after text. Every step Sherlock takes causes a soft
The contract they discuss is nothing more than guidelines. A set of rules for John to see in black and white so he knows where their lines are drawn. Its just sexier to write it down as a contract than a list of likes and dislikes.
ALSO!!! As of when I'm writing this note (5/26/2021) I no longer have "a boyfriend" HE PROPOSED!!!! ASKJHDFAKSDFASDFKJAFD
“Do you want to finish your tea first?” John asked, wanting to make sure Sherlock was as comfortable as possible. “Breakfast, perhaps?”
“Left. Like always, I’m right-handed.” Sherlock explained as if it mattered why his left arm had always been his main target.
things.”
“That should suffice, no?”
He thought briefly, then dismissed it. There were more important things to worry about than his jealousy over John getting attention from someone other than himself.
Sherlock nodded but didn’t move. Instead, he pulled away and stared down at John with an unreadable expression. Biting his bottom lip, he hung his head low on his shoulders and said,
“Water,” John countered, reaching for a glass. He guzzled down a first glass, then refilled it and pressed it into Sherlock’s hands. “Just a few sips. If all goes well, I’ll want you hydrated tonight.”
John let Sherlock sulk while he put the rest of the groceries away and made lunch for himself. Taking his plate to the table, he sat and picked uneasily at his sandwich. His jest had been made in good humor, and at a glance, it seemed that Sherlock had taken it well. But something about the closed door at the end of the hall made his shoulders tighten and his jaw clench.
He withdrew a solid leather band in a matching color, also adorned with a single O ring. Already attached to the ring was a length of chain, roughly three meters long. Using a clip on the end of the chain, John locked the chain around the O ring on Sherlock’s neck. Holding out the bracelet, and his left wrist, he looked down at Sherlock.
“Exactly. They were a clique, did everything together except leave. Oh, they’d exit the building together, but each of them took their own taxi home. I grew friendly with them and eventually learned that they were a group of internet friends. As you said, they were curious about the lifestyle, enough that they’d all bought collars, but unsure if they wanted to give up control.”
“Yeah, I know,” John grunted, then tossed the key and magnet down on a towel beside his hips.
"All ends lead to Moriarty. First Hope, then that little game with the bombs, and now this. Still, I cannot get to him. He's completely untraceable!" Sherlock said ruffling his hair in annoyance. "He contacted Sisk’s organization by email. Mycroft would need the emails to track the IP address, but Sisk doesn't have access to them. Just his handler."
John thought frantically to himself,
For a man who didn’t own many suits, John owned more pocket squares than the average man. It told Sherlock a story of a man who’d once had a nice wardrobe, but for one reason or another, had needed to downsize. It wasn’t hard to piece together that joining the military would nullify John’s requirement for suits, and with little family nearby (and the unreliable status of his sister), there was no place to store them. However, Pocket squares could be packed neatly into a box and put away in a corner where they’d be out of the way.
Everything happened in slow motion. One moment Sherlock was using every muscle in his lean body to drive John insane, quite evident by the way his cock was tenting his dark jeans. The next he was watching Sherlock being dragged out of their car and into a van that had pulled up beside him.
“Right… thanks,” John said with a grimace, imagining what their sex attic would look like under a UV light.
“I know, love. I know.” John vocalized as he massaged Sherlock’s scalp. “Do you have any theories yet?”
“Hold them there,” John ordered, then something brushed up against him, and the weight of one of the bars was attached first to one wrist, then the other. “Now put that bar behind your head, like you’re carrying a yolk. Your arms are not to move from that position, again barring emergencies, until I release them.”
of one of his clients.”
"Unfortunately for me, yes." Sherlock pouted, his plush lips puffing up to their full potential.
“You mean…” Sherlock whispered, eyes blinking rapidly as he tried to register the whole meaning of John’s words.
nicely." Sherlock purred, relishing the mixed look of curiosity and disgust on Lestrade’s face as he imagined what asking nicely entailed.
“This is a game to you,” John groaned. He half-turned away from Sherlock, then blew out a breath before turning back and accepting the challenge. “Yes, it is. Right. You always steal my egg rolls, sausages, the last bit of toast with
“Sure,” Greg said around a sigh.
She’s dressed in a dark navy skirt-suit. The skirt ends just above her knees. Judging by the way she keeps tugging the fabric down her leg, Sherlock gathers this is not her usual attire.
All that mattered was John. It was up to him to bring John every ounce of pleasure he could muster. The deal was only sweetened by the fact that the pleasure was mutual, a joint endeavor. Suddenly John’s legs lifted off the bed and wrapped around his torso. The new position provided John with leverage that allowed him to lift his hips off the bed, and using his thighs, pull himself down hard on Sherlock’s cock.
“Mycroft complimenting anyone…” Sherlock caught John’s eye as he trailed off. John’s face cracked into a childish grin, and they quickly broke out into a fit of soft giggles. “I don’t think that has ever happened. You struck gold today, John.”
“Otto…” Matt said thoughtfully, tapping a finger against the table, “Is he the small ginger who liked gangbangs?”
“I mean that you no longer look like a stiff breeze might blow you over. Healthy even. You’ve got more colour too.” John nuzzled his nose along the sharp line of Sherlock’s jaw, then opened his mouth but was cut off before he had a chance to say anything further.
“Boyfriend?” Sherlock paused halfway to the fridge. Cocking his head as if
I'm uploading this from my laptop, which is about 90000 years old. So I must be honest and confess that I didn't go over the chapter with grammarly (for like a 3rd time) before uploading it here. Let me know if I missed anything major. :)
“Tomorrow. Right.” John said, casting a worried glance at Sherlock. Sherlock, however, just squeezed his hand and accepted the tickets.
“I’m way out of my league here,” Greg laughed then suddenly fell silent and a look of concentration overtook his bemusement. “Mycroft’s team is in place, we’ve got ten people already in line, three by each exit, and cars parked on every street nearby. Plus you’ve got me for eyes inside the club. I’ll be watching the crowd more than I’ll be watching you guys, so don’t let my presence make you nervous, John. My goal tonight is to watch Moriarty. If I can as much as spot him slipping something into someone’s drink I can hold him.”
“Clever move, on my brother’s part.” Sherlock mused while passing pants over to John. “Getting me out of London, away from my suppliers. It was an olive branch, of sorts. Of course, Mycroft can obtain jurisdiction wherever he pleases this was… Oh.” Sherlock said weakly as he sat down on the edge of the bed.
“Jesus, you’re going to torment me, aren’t you. I’ve been wondering why you wouldn’t let me see what you’ll be wearing.”
I'm excited to share it in its entirety with you all, but sad to see my end of the journey come to a close. I have a feeling I'll return for more of these two, but if and when I do it'll because they have more story to tell. Currently, they just want to be alone to enjoy their sex holiday and would like me to butt out of their lives.
“They love you, Pet.” John’s hum of approval mixed with the sound of rope swishing through the air as he manipulated the cord. “Who’s are you?”
. Hard rock wanna be nooks, where one might find a classic record collection set along the wall with glass
“Lunch, or would that be supper now?” Sherlock asked, plopping on his rump and stretching out his knees.
, his body language screamed.
chance to study the seemingly mythical form of Sherlock Holmes, asleep. He yearned to touch, to stroke his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, or place his hand over Sherlock’s. He kept his hands to himself, though, unsure if the slightest touch would cause Sherlock to stir from his slumber.
Sherlock nodded and allowed John to sit him on the edge of the bed. The collar came off first and when John got his first look at Sherlock’s neck below the collar he hissed. There was an ugly raw red mark at the base of Sherlock’s skull as if someone had grabbed hold of the front of the collar and yanked
Sherlock's outfit Inspiration
“Yeah, but why was Zed there?” John asked, not understanding how Zed had gotten from the nightclub to the hospital. Or why.”
The fingers of his left hand began working the buttons of Sherlock’s trousers open, one by one freeing the straining bulge trapped beneath them. Warm fingers wrapped around the base of Sherlock’s cock, and with one swift tug, his erection was enveloped in the cool evening air.
“I can’t wait to use these,” John said in a husky voice, looping both of his index fingers through the O rings. “Now, to get you dressed. Can I pick?”
“Tea?” John asked, nodding his head towards the kettle. “Should be warm still, and for God’s sake, stop scratching your arse. You don’t have fleas. There are enough germs littered about this flat. I don’t need to know
“Yes, with the proper licenses,” Zed called out over the sound of the wind. “They did it by the books, plus they’re smart. They have two businesses back to back. A pub for the general public, then if you know the right code word, you can enter into the club itself through the pub. There’s an unspoken rule where you don’t talk about what goes on in the club. No complaints mean everyone stays happy.”
“Good, now keep quiet, or we’ll get caught,” John growled, leaning forward and scraping his teeth along the underside of Sherlock’s jaw.
sure he was into his expression and body language.
“It seems Sisk was telling the truth when he said he doesn’t know how to contact Moriarty,” Mycroft said with a regretful tilt of his head. “However, both men know a great deal about the trafficking ring, and with the information, they’ve already given us we’ve recovered nearly half of your list of missing. Most alive, though it is too early to tell if that is a blessing or not.” Mycroft nodded to the wall above the sofa, where their faces still sat tacked into the wallpaper.
“It most certainly does.” John agreed. “Listen, Zed… we’re uh… gonna take off. It's still new, and him in those leather trousers. Well, things are going to get a bit indecent between us if we stick around. But thanks for this, it was fun.”
One look into the car showed Sherlock who the
“Beautiful collar for a beautiful pet,” he said in a sing-song voice, then crouched down until his face was at the same level as Sherlock’s. Reaching his hands out, he took both of Sherlock’s nipples in his fingers and squeezed as he said, “Bart’s tomorrow. Five o’clock, on the rooftop. Come alone. Let's end this once and for all.”
"Mm, warn me before taking any pictures then. I don't plan on putting pants on unless I have to." Climbing out of the cab, John made eye contact with the cabbie, who looked more than shocked at how candid his passengers had been during the drive.
“Faster,” John called out, his hand roaming across the bed as if searching for a remote to speed things along.
“Want to go to Lotus tonight?” John asked, pulling himself out of Sherlock’s arms and sitting up to stretch. “I think I owe you a dance.”
"I need sleep," he said wearily while pressing a kiss to Sherlock's mop of hair. "I'm not helping any by watching you anyway. One of us should try and sleep."
Not even more than halfway out of the car, Sherlock’s heart sank. He hadn’t expected it to happen this quickly. Not only that, something sharp had just japped him in the shoulder, and the familiar burn told him he’d just been injected with something. Whirling around he came face to face with a man two inches taller than himself and built like an ox.
Sherlock realized after listening to John’s slow two-fingered typing go on for some time.
John stood up and pulled off the dressing gown, handing it over to Sherlock, who gratefully put it on.
John choked around a mouthful of yoghurt. He felt his face heating and knew his cheeks would be bright red, rendering any excuses pointless. With a resigned sigh, he put his spoon down, unsure that he could look at the creamy dish and keep a straight face while thinking about sex with Sherlock.
As Zed fished the item from his pocket John glanced up at the driver and saw the man already talking into his mobile.
“Oh thank Christ,” John smiled, then withdrew the key to Sherlock’s current collar. Taking the red cord off from around Sherlock’s neck he laughed as he placed it down on the table. “Every damn time that collar matches your outfit, we’re taking it off of you and exchanging it for something else.”
Sherlock settled into a fast rhythm. He would pull up, so only the very tip of John's cock was in his mouth. He'd swirl his tongue around the frenulum, which would make John curse. Then, as he bobbed down, he would fold his lips under his teeth and tightened his jaw.
e of your damned business. What he does behind closed doors is between him and whoever he does it with. He’s an adult with the ability to consent.”
“He’s right, pet.” Zed agreed. Sticking his hand down his collar he pulled out a chain, similar to the one John kept around his neck. He motioned for Lydia to turn. Then, taking her collar off, he handed it, and the padlock, to his submissive before lowering his neck. “Your turn.”
“Yeah, alright.” John kissed Sherlock’s thigh then pushed his index finger all the way inside. “How’s that? Too far?”
“My rules are simple,” Sherlock said coyly. “No rolling your eyes, no back talk, and every time you lick your lips I want you to get on your knees and offer to lick my cock.”
“Mmm, I might just prefer this as well, but if you tell anyone, I will kill you.”
A series of mixed answers came from the crowd, but the prevailing word that was shouted back at John was “Yes!” John looked down at Sherlock and shrugged, then reached into his coat pocket for a condom.
he was complimenting me when he said I’d make a formidable enemy.”
The cab ride to Lotus was uneventful, aside from the short clips of giggles that burst out of their chests whenever they caught the cab driver staring at Sherlock. “Problem?” Sherlock had drawled after ten minutes had gone by. The driver shook his head emphatically, then had looked straight out of the windscreen for the rest of the drive.
“You’d do that for me?” Sherlock asked, twisting around on the pillow and looking up at John with something John could only describe as wonder in his eyes.
"Unfortunately he covers his tracks well, other than Sisk and Walthen mentioning his name, we have no evidence that would stand up in a court of law to hold him. I held him for as long as I could. We had some interesting chats. But he's clever, never incriminated himself with his words or actions."
“Of course.” Sherlock gave Jesper a scathing look as if wearing anything but heels had been completely out of the question.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Soft limits,” he continued, “which we can negotiate as we explore together. Things like hot wax, humiliation and public sex or public bondage.” John ran his finger along the rim of his glass, trying to remember if there was anything he’d forgotten.
“These were with you when you were injured,” he said softly, running his thumb along the smooth back where the metal had once sat flush with John’s skin.
“Toad in the hole?” John gaped, eyes glinting with a mixture of mirth and delight. “I haven’t had that since I was a kid.”
Non-con (almost? sort of?)
“A one-inch heel then, he doesn’t need to tower over you, but we do need him to stand out. With the boots being black, and inside a club, no one will be paying attention to the soles anyway, They’ll just help him…
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock walked past the door with a sense of smug satisfaction. His brother would have heard John’s choice of the word visitor and his commands. But John had orchestrated it so Mycroft would not get any pleasure out of seeing his brother collared.
“John, you’re brooding. What part of
Sherlock shuddered under John’s touch and words, turning his head and regarded John through hooded eyes.
“Mm, yeah.” John agreed with a soft smile, “brilliant idea. Aftercare is important.”
They both broke into a fit of giggles, which only grew stronger when Sherlock placed a pot of steamed broccoli on the table.
Sherlock reaches his hand across the gap and offers her a firm handshake, not at all put off by being the only submissive in the room. His collar might be his status with John, but these were his clients, not his doms.
“I was afraid you’d say that,” Lestrade sighed, his fist tightening on the wheel. “All the signs point in that direction. Two girls simply vanish. We haven't had any reports of bodies matching their descriptions, which leads me to believe they’re alive, or at least no longer local. And my gut is telling me that this isn’t a simple kidnapping. Not that they’re ever
“No,” John said, stopping at the landing and turning around. The position put John several inches taller than Sherlock, and he used all of it to his advantage. In a voice that offered no room for sympathy or weakness, he added, “you’ll submit now.”
“Pitty, he’d make a nice sis…”
“I love you too, John, now get over here and take me before I go find something phallic-shaped,” Sherlock complained around a playful wink.
“I’m sorry I rolled my eyes, Captain. You were only trying to ensure my comfort tonight. Please, Captain, may I do that? I’m your submissive, not her. Please?”
“Anything else you would like me to add, or should we leave it open-ended for now? We can always see what we’re missing throughout the week and make a list of new rules to go over next week.” John drew a line under the last rule when Sherlock simply shrugged. “We’ll start small. I don’t want to overdo it or overwhelm either of us. We’ll revisit this at the end of our trial ‘period.” Skipping a line, he wrote a single word in all caps.
enjoy being beaten, and he is a doctor who has legal obligations to uphold. We enjoy light flogging, and while I can’t wait for my first chance to choke on his cock, he is a perfect gentleman. Speaking of John,” Sherlock said, ignoring the gagging noise coming from his right, “I should text him.”
“What did you just give me?” He demanded, his eyes drifting from the man to his right shoulder where a syringe was still stuck in his skin.
” John sighed as he slid back inside Sherlock’s tight heat.
“And you’re wearing black? Interesting, I would have thought you’d go for white, now.” Zed's eyes flicked down to the flower pinned on John's chest. He looked confused, which threw John momentarily off-balance.
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock eventually choked out, his eyes had gone glassy, and his breath was coming in short pants. John wanted so badly to toss Sherlock onto the bed and bury his face between the man's legs, but breakfast was getting cold.
“Lucky for you I had some anesthetic gel in my bag.” John’s voice washed over him, still in that frighteningly cold tone, “I can promise this won't be enjoyable though,” he said, removing the tea towel and grabbing Sherlock’s cock in one hand. John’s hand was warm and damp. He’d washed his hands while he was downstairs, Sherlock realized moments before something rough and wet was swiped over his penis. He let John clean him with the flannel, the act both arousing and humiliating at the same time. When John was done, he had to apply the ice again, to bring Sherlock’s cock back to its flaccid state.
“Oh, wait.” John said, “Hand me my trousers,” and pointed to the chair on Sherlock’s side of the bed. Sherlock obediently reached out and tossed John his fatigues, curiosity plain on his face.
“Why would I? I hate paperwork as much as Sherlock does. And the bloody court case would be insufferable
"I'm here, Sherlock. I've got you now." John whispered, sinking to his knees in front of Sherlock. He placed his gun by his left foot, where it would be close should he need it, and pulled a pocket knife out of his vest pocket. He made quick work of the zip ties securing Sherlock’s wrists and ankles together, then smoothed a hand over the bruise on the side of Sherlock’s face.
“Yes,” Sherlock gasped, rocking forward on his knees. The pace quickened their joint efforts causing the bed to rock back and forth on its frame. The headboard bounced against the wall with a tell-tale thud with every movement. Mrs. Hudson and the neighbors would have no difficulty piecing together what was going on, should they hear the commotion. But he couldn’t find it in him to be bothered or embarrassed.
“And I’m only one person!” Sherlock retorted, “I can’t be here,
“Mm, you’re giving me too much credit. Just yours, I think. I haven’t been this attuned to my previous partners.” John’s finger stroked its way down the bridge of Sherlock’s nose, then slid over Sherlock’s cupid’s bow. “There’s just something about you. You try so hard to hide your emotional responses, except for when you’re with me. I can read them like an open book, every twitch of your lip, or arch of your brow means something. All I have to do is watch and listen.”
"Alright, tell me what you've got," Greg said with a grunt. "I know you well enough to know you wouldn't be here If you thought this was a dead end."
“Why? What did Mycroft say?” Sherlock asked after straightening back up. Giving John an appraising look, he nodded towards the worktop. “You double bag when you shop so you don’t have a bag split on you while walking home.”
“Mmmm, no, this time it's a suggestion,” John called as he disappeared down the hall. “But I might let you come if you do.”
name for his invitation.” Zed gave John a cheeky grin and nudged his foot against John’s under the table.
“It’s damp and a bit chilly. Nothing like last weekend.” John said, rubbing his hands together. If Mycroft knew he was attempting to cover up his true thoughts, the other man said nothing.
“Mmhmm.” John acknowledged his face twisting into a painful grimace at the memory.
“True, but if you behave you can delay the inevitable. Plus, if you behave like a good little slut, we’ll make sure you never feel an ounce of withdrawal.”
“Subspace,” John countered the conversation snapping him out of his internal crisis, “not orgasms, subspace.”
“Where are you off then,” Greg called after him, looking to John for support.
“Sherlock, Jesus,” John gasped, “behave. We need to be proper adults now, and go solve a crime.”
“Of course, Sir.” She murmured then slid to her knees when John released her wrists. She got as far as reaching for one of the zippers on John’s trousers when Sherlock let out a broken whine.
at the end,” he spoke in a soft voice, letting go of Sherlock’s wrist so he could use both hands to unlock the clasp on the bracelet. “Typically, I don’t let my subs use it, but with you, I want you to. I trust you’ll know when it’s appropriate.”
Mycroft had a car waiting for them when they stepped outside. While John was perfectly alright not paying for a cab ride, or taking the tube dressed like they were, Sherlock could see how the car riled up his nerves. It reminded him that they were not safe, that even now they were most likely being watched.
“Oh, why haven’t I seen this before?” he asked, selecting a hanger and pulling it out. Holding it in front of his chest, with a soft cat-call, he wiggled a mesh shirt in the air.
“I enlisted in the Army, was gone for a while. Which reminds me, I need to update my address with you,” rattling off the new address, he glanced around the small reception room. It was just far enough away from the main attraction that the music was a distant thrum, and only a low hum of voices carried this far—peaceful, and not a bad job for someone trying to make ends meet while in Uni.
“Oh. Oh, right.” John stretched out a hand, gently taking Sherlock’s chin in his sturdy fingers. He wanted to suggest that they take their contract and put it into practice. He never got the chance. He’d only just opened his mouth when Sherlock’s whole body went stiff, and he let out a huff of frustration.
Elvio covered a laugh with a discrete cough when the chain connecting Sherlock to John went taught and John all but fell forward before he was forced to follow Sherlock.
“Stay here, don’t you dare move or open your eyes,” John ordered. Sherlock listened as John trotted down the stairs and through the main part of their flat. He stooped in the bathroom for something, then the kitchen, before his feet carried him back upstairs. The instant John was back by Sherlock’s side, something cold and wrapped in a tea towel was pressed against his groin. He let out an involuntary yelp but managed to
John currently only owned two suits.  Sherlock was sorely tempted to burn the horrid brown suit and the black one he’d seen John in the previous weekend at Lotus. Suits were not the dress code, but clearly, they meant something to John and his club’s status. Selecting the black jacket and matching trousers, he laid them out on the bed then began the tedious art of deciding which shirt to pair with the suit.
“When this becomes uncomfortable, what do you do?”
“True,” Sherlock laughed, recalling the look of the driver when he’d stopped for a man covered in blood wielding a harpoon.
“Locky, we don’t torture clothing, no matter how ugly, we burn them respectfully. Though,” Jesper grimaced as he watched John put his jumper back on, “I might make an exception for that one. It’s a square, it makes you look like a sheep who’s gone and rolled around until his fleece is nothing but matted with dung.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“If you were coming to us for a suit, Locky, dear,” Jesper, the shop owner, said while walking a slow circle around John, “I could have him in something so delicious you’d tear it right off of him.”
“Right,” John nodded, reaching out and releasing the buckle on Sherlock’s cuff. “Why don’t we take a break, drinks, loo, rest, etcetera,” he suggested while he finished removing the restraints from Sherlock’s body.
” She added with a sly wink before turning to look at the computer screen once more. “Zed’s in tonight. There’s a note here saying he was looking for you. You’ll find him either behind the bar or playing with his ropes.”
Sherlock felt his eyes go wide as John spoke. It wasn't the words causing his breath to catch and knees to wobble. It was John's tone and mannerisms. His voice had gone stone cold. Barely above a whisper, it was simultaneously the most terrifying and attractive thing Sherlock had ever heard.
"Zero. My brother doesn't need to know how magnificent your prick is. That's one thing I'd rather like to keep to myself."
“I’ve sent a list of the usernames and her log-in credentials off to my brother. He owes me a favour. He should have tracked down at least one of the women by midday tomorrow. Meanwhile, there is little else I can do. So I decided to come to bed. I just hope,” Sherlock said with a yawn, “she forgives me for this breach of privacy once we get her home safe.”
John looked towards the door, expecting to see Sherlock already walking towards him. Instead, he saw the man much as he had been when Zed pointed him out. Arms crossed, his shoulders leaning against the wall with one ankle tucked under the other. His body language indicated he was relaxed but not open to conversation. However, now a pleased smirk graced his face. Still, he made no show of moving.
“Everything! How it was, the food, the experience. Everything,” Zed said excitedly, leading them both towards one of the empty booths, “Then I’ll let you mingle. Plus, seeing you with the owner will only spark their interest.”
“Like I’m the most important piece of the universe to you,” Sherlock admitted, sinking deeper into John’s arms with a contented sigh.
“The power cord, where?” Sherlock asked, scooping the laptop up. Knowing his efforts would be futile, he pressed the power button only to confirm his suspicion that the device had long since lost power.
Swallowing hard John nodded once. Once Sherlock was out of earshot he turned to Greg and pulled out his mobile.
“Sod off,” Sarah said with a laugh as John began packing up his various food containers.
“Tea?” he asked while selecting a clean mug. Unsurprisingly Sherlock shook his head, but he surprised John by gathering up one of his notebooks and a biro before heading into the next room. He handed them both over to John when the doctor settled onto the sofa beside him.
“Yeah,” he said while nodding. “He’d love that. He’s an exabitionalist. I made him orgasm in less than five minutes in an alley behind our flat. He came so hard I thought he was going to blackout for a minute there.”
But as he sat there, searching for the words that would thoroughly berate Mycroft for thinking so little of his brother, he saw another series of emotions flicker across his face before his usual mask obscured them. Sorrow, pity, and something that John could only categorize as acceptance. It was the same look his CO used to get when a tough choice needed to be made.
“Twenty-five. I did five years of fieldwork before gaining my current position.”
“Clearly,
Mycroft Holmes even let it get that far. More likely, I’d walk into work one day to see his pompous arse sitting at my desk.”
"You mean when you put him in jail," John chuckled, then rolled his eyes at the smirk on Sherlock's face.
"Right here," Sherlock said, patting his hip where a small GPS tracker had been hastily sewn into his waistband. Equipping Sherlock with one had been John’s idea, claiming he’d refuse to help if Sherlock didn’t acquire one from his brother. But John already knew that, he’d done the sewing. "You'll know where I am every second of the night."
“Mmm, you strike me as having more of a praise kink,” John commented gently, “we’ll just say no on humiliation for now. Sherlock, come here.” The order was given gently, but Sherlock’s head snapped up from the spot on the carpet to meet John’s eyes. Before he had time to register what he was doing, he was on his knees between John’s legs, gazing up at him in wonder.
"Normal people don't have leftover acid." John teased. Though the smile on his face informed Sherlock that John was not the least bit bothered.
"Now he's getting it," John said happily, taking the second case so Sherlock could unlock the doors.
Sherlock gave a barely perceivable nod of his head as he rolled his shoulders around, working out the kinks. Stepping up so he was standing on the slightly raised platform, John nodded to the floor and smiled when Sherlock silently kelt. Being on the platform, while Sherlock knelt on the floor allowed for Sherlock to keep his back straight while his mouth was perfectly aligned with John’s crotch.
Walking up to John he put his hands on John's arms and pressed their foreheads together. Fresh from a shower, John smelled clean and welcoming. Inhaling deeply he embraced the comfort being this close to John provided.
“John…” he croaked, “make me come, please.”
“The feeling is mutual,” John said, flashing his friend a warm smile. He’d missed this, the easy companionship. The freedom that came with having friends with similar interests and Zed himself if he were honest. With Zed, he didn’t have to check himself. Zed accepted him for who he was.
"She does, took her ages to get over you after you enlisted."
“That’s a good man.” John squeezed Sherlock’s thigh as he stood up, then gave his hair one more quick ruffle before accepting a long pole with a hook on the end. Selecting a length of red rope, John draped the middle of it over the hook, then, by lifting the poll in the air, fed the rope through the ring on the ceiling. Once the ropes were in place, the pole was whisked away. John took both ends of the rope and held it in the air directly in front of Sherlock’s mouth.
little to the imagination. Midnight black fishnets clung to his legs like a glove, emphasizing the muscles in his powerful legs. At first, I thought he was wearing a form-fitting mesh shirt. But when I got a closer inspection I discovered that his stockings were in fact a bodysuit. The material came up just above his chest, allowing for a tantalizing peek at rosy nipples. His collar glistened at his throat which only drew my attention up to his eyes where I was met by a smoky gaze. He’d put on makeup, a deep charcoal black, with glittering midnight blue accents. The entire look seemed to serve one purpose, to drive me flat out insane with one look. I don’t know how he got himself into that outfit, but I
“Oh, you can talk now,” an unfamiliar voice said.
“I almost prefer you bossy,” John laughed as he hastened to obey his partner's wishes. Their lips barely had time to connect before a voice called through the bedroom door.
“Nice water gun.” Lestrade commented as he reached into his coat and withdrew an S&W 1911, “like mine?”
“Now, Sherlock. Go to your room, and get your cuffs and collar laid out for me, and any other gear you have. I
Greg arrived a half-hour before opening. By that time John and Sherlock were just getting into position. John, who’d been nervously fidgeting with the chain on his wrist since arriving, seemed to freeze when he saw Greg’s face. It was one thing for Zed to be there, bondage and sex having been present in their friendship since the beginning, but to see Greg there, caused him to go full rabbit in the headlamps.
It didn’t take long before two men stepped out of the crowd. Much to John’s relief, neither were Moriarty. He watched as they took turns roaming their hands over Sherlock’s body. The first man went straight for Sherlock’s cock, fondling his balls and shaft before giving Sherlock’s arse a firm slap. The second, however, went for Sherlock’s neck and shoulders, massaging more than caressing. Sherlock let out a low moan when the man’s fingers brushed against his hair and John felt a pang of jealousy take root in his chest. It was one thing to think about someone touching Sherlock, another to
“You’re mad,” Sherlock whispered, though his hands flew to his zip even as heat prickled between his shoulder blades. He lowers his zip and undoes the single button, then opens the fabric just enough to show John a hint of metal. The fire he sees in John’s eyes goes straight to his cock, leaving Sherlock panting and blinking through a haze of arousal.
"So close to being mine," Jim said as he took a step forward. Standing between both doors he blocked off Sherlock’s only two lines of escape. “Depress the plunger, and come with me. What kind of Dominant is John, if he isn’t here with you now? I can offer you all the cocaine you’d ever want, just say you’re mine, and you can have it.”
“Twice. I feel we’ve chatted enough, for now. Don’t you?”
“No, actually. It’s good. Where’s my mobile? I need to call my brother.”
“That would be disastrous.” Sherlock laughed, imagining the texts that would pass between their siblings. “But he left, without saying anything?”
“Bossy,” Sherlock said, mimicking John’s frequently uttered rebuke.
Entering, he found Sherlock sitting by the window with his nose in one of John’s old medical textbooks. Dull reading for sure, but if anyone would find the contents of its pages of interest, John did not doubt that person would be Sherlock. Walking around the bed, John stopped at Sherlock’s side and ran a finger across the half leather band at Sherlock’s throat.
had been spoken in a different language, he turned to John.
"Correct, two though we only have information on one of the women. Greg, we need your help before two becomes more."
“Quite, John, I’m thinking.”
Taking the loose ends of rope with him, John walked around to the back of Sherlock’s chair, dragging his hand along Sherlock’s torso as he went. No longer blocking Sherlock from the audience, the onlookers received their first look. Judging by the low murmuring that surged through the crowd, they liked what they saw. John rewarded Sherlock for his good behaviour with a quick pat on the head, then looped the rope over the back of the chair as he surveyed the crowd.
“I did, and Mum was right. She hated it.” John laughed sleepily, burrowing his head into Sherlock’s shoulder. “I like this, just us.”
Sherlock cocked a silver-blue eye at that. He wanted to ask for details. Had John been the Dom for more than one male in the past, or had that simply been something explored while away in a foreign country where rules and sexuality had softer edges. However, that was a question for another time, so he held his tongue.
“Let me get the door for you. You’ve got your hands full. I’m just about done here,” she said, wiping her hands on a dirty tea towel.
He dangled a bag in the air between them. Sherlock could just make out the single vial and a smaller bag filled with pure white powder as it glinted in the small traces of light coming from the street. Passing over the money Sherlock snatched the bag out of the air then slipped it into the pocket of his worn-out hoodie. Stuffing both hands into the pocket, he wrapped his fingers around his prize and gave The Snake a single nod before heading for the main road.
“May I make a suggestion?” Sherlock asked cautiously. John nodded, his eyes lighting up in excitement at the realization that Sherlock wanted to be part of this discussion. “Can we enter into a week-long trial of full-time Dom and sub? I believe I would like it, especially if you give me the option to express my need for a break, but I won't know until we try it.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He didn’t try to tell John that tears were pointels or that sentiment was useless. He wasn’t certain he could make those claims. Not now, not when he had a gold band around his finger proclaiming the sentiment he felt towards a certain ex-army captain. Not when he was more frequently called
“What, you’re looking at me funny.” John pursed his lips and crossed his arms over his chest, “Is it something I said?”
“Fucking sexy,” John growled, reaching out to place his hands on Sherlock’s hips. He ran his thumbs over Sherlock’s bare hip bones then decided to play Sherlock’s game. It was a mental exercise intended to draw his mind away from his worries, he knew that. But still, he couldn’t resist.
“I’ll put them in with my unmentionables.” She said with a twinkle, taking the biscuits and getting the door.
“John,” Sherlock said tentatively, “There’s nothing in there saying my main purpose is to please you.”
Sherlock thought moments before he felt the once familiar pull of cocaine. When Sherlock woke, he had no sense of how long he’d been out, but it had been long enough for him to become achy and thirsty. Something thick and musty covered his face blocking out all light.
John didn’t stick around to wait and see Moon Young to the stairs. He simply cleared the room, then stepped across the hall to kick in the next door. His leg ached by the time he’d discovered three more of the known victims, and his heart was beating so rapidly it’s all he could hear. Each step, each room, each few pair of scared eyes only served to increase the
Pain flashed down Sherlock’s skull and into the base of his spine. His senses were on overdrive now, thanks to the cocaine and the man’s grip is not gentle. He watched, horrified, as the man used his free hand to undo his trousers. However the man is not coordinated enough to manage the simple task with one hand, so he released his grip on Sherlock’s hair and undid his button with both hands.
"Oh, there was nothing dry about that heat. Ball sweat..." John grimaced at the memory, "At least I won't have to wear fatigues during our holiday."
I've left 18 up for your enjoyment, just make sure you back track and give 17 a read as well.
“Which is?” John asked casually, though his interest in what it was that Mycroft Holmes
“Oh? Are these my new sex attic trousers,” John asked with a smirk, turning his face to press a kiss against Sherlock’s cheek.
“Ready when you are,'' he said, sinking his fingers of his free hand into Sherlock’s hair to dispel any lingering nervousness. “Remember what I said, Sherlock, watch me. I’ll be right in front of you the whole time.”
“I like the trousers,” John admitted softly, his voice breaking the hushed silence as Sherlock, Jesper and his assistant waited with bated breath. “They’re clingy, but not so tight I can’t move. And, well… the bulge is…” He trailed off, catching Sherlock’s eye in the mirror.
“Sounds… interesting. I’ll be clothed?”
“Wait, seriously?” John looked at Greg, his face riddled with shock. His cheeks heated up and he glanced around automatically as if checking to see who else heard. But the car contained just himself, Greg, and the driver. Out of the three of them, the driver would certainly care the least regarding who John did, or did not shoot.
“Yeah, just as you are right now, though,  if you get hard, people
is monthly tests for both drugs and STIs.” Sherlock lowered his eyes and focused on the carpet.
“Would you lock this on me? That way we can’t be pulled apart this time. Where you go, I go.”
“Oh, hello, dear. Just bringing up the paper.”  Smiling, she held up a copy of The Guardian and placed it on the table. Her smile quickly turned into a cheeky grin as she took in John and the eggs for two in the pan. “That’s Sherlock’s dressing gown.” She said simply, tapping her finger thoughtfully against her lips.
He found a vial of clear liquid and an unused syringe, still in its wrapper, along with a set of keys. John left the syringe but took the vial on the assumption that if it contained whatever drug was coursing through Sherlock's system, having a sample to analyze might prove useful later on. If only to help tie them to the kidnapping. He left the keys, knowing they’d just be put into evidence later then stood up.
in public when it could be hidden under both the bulky collar and a scarf.
“We talked, Mycroft. A bit, at least. I don’t take this type of relationship lightly. It requires trust and a lot of communication. For us to both be comfortable, we both have to be open with each other, and he willingly told me about his first dom.”
“We must be early enough for karaoke. Care to get up there and sing for me, Sherlock?”
“Yes, Sir.”
Moriarty gave Sherlock’s nipples one more rough pinch before carrying himself off that platform and through the crowd. John watched as he left the building then turned to see how Sherlock was doing.
“So deep,” John panted, his back arching as Sherlock’s hips crashed against his body. “Oh god, Sherlock,” John cried when Sherlock withdrew nearly his whole length, slamming back in and angling his thrust to brush against John’s prostate. “Fucking hell, do that again.
“Oh, fuuc…” Sherlock swore as he gripped John’s arse tight as John’s muscles contracted around him. With a low grunt that matched the mewls escaping John’s lips, he came inside John for the first time, feeling John’s body wrap around him with each pulse. He collapsed on top of John, who merely grunted and stretched his legs out against the bed.
“I’ve just watched my boyfriend get injected with something, then manhandled into a van by known human traffickers.” John sighed as his shoulders slumped forward, “I’d like to kick something while screaming my fucking head off. But, I’m keeping a lid on it.”
Sherlock swallowed hard and tried to nod, but John kept his grip firm. He wanted to hear the words from Sherlock’s lips.
John rose with the sun, per usual. The late-night interruption left him groggy, but it was nothing a strong cup of tea wouldn’t fix. He showered, and changed into fresh clothes, then, on a hunch, retrieved his gun. He had time to clean it and drink his first cup of tea by the time  Sherlock stumbled out of the bedroom dressed in only their sheet. Though his movements were sluggish, and the cobwebs not entirely gone, his eyes were bright as he read through the messages on his mobile.
“Yeah… God help me, they are.” John laughed as they stepped out into the night, the relative silence a welcomed change after the noisy club. A black car pulled up in front of them. The door opened and Mycroft himself leaned out. Sherlock rolled his eyes, but climbed in, deciding to use this time to make plans with his brother while he had his attention.
The scene played out in front of Sherlock as if he were a bystander, not a participant. With this new level of connection, he found himself hyper-aware of John in a way he had not yet experienced. Not with John or anyone else.
OHH?? what's this? A double update?
“Of course you might,” John laughed and nuzzled closer. “So, how was it?”
“I imagine Sherlock could manage to hide a body with remarkable ease,” Mycroft’s lips twisted up into something that could very easily be mistaken for a smile. The look of momentary amusement relaxed John as new understanding hit him.
much that you have to pull me from the street to threaten me?”
“John,” Sherlock said more seductively than the situation called for. When John turned to glance at him, Sherlock reached up and brushed his thumb over the crumbs, banishing them to the floor and Mrs. Hudson’s eventual hoovering. Feeling Paige’s eyes turn to him, Sherlock cast John a soft smile. John returned the look, his eyes glowing with amusement, and he turned his chin into the brief touch. Dropping his hand back to his lap, Sherlock allowed himself half a second of smug satisfaction.
“You don’t have to be inside the club with us, I just…” John halted, his eyes boring into the surface of his beer for a long moment, “if it goes pear-shaped again, I’ll need you.”
“Good. Before it goes on, is there anything you would like to say?” John asked, tilting his head and still wearing that dangerous smile.
hold his position.
had a connection to Moriarty, or he at least knew someone who did. Luckily for us, you left him alive.”
“You’d experiment on our dog.” John laughed as he pictured what life in 221B would be like with a dog. “Maybe when we retire and have a cottage with a garden. London is no place for a dog.”
“Well, consider yourself lucky, if you look
“Right, I’m not trying to push you into anything. I’m trying to give you time to change your mind.”
. It was a two-story affair located on a secluded cove. There would be next to no need to leave the grounds with a patio, large yard, and private beach. The estate had everything they would need for an enjoyable holiday. Not only that, Sherlock had hired someone to come stock both the fridge and the wine rack before their arrival.
“Multiple people?” He asked, wanting to find his shoes and kick the living daylights out of whoever had hurt Sherlock.
“I was hoping you would.”
“That’s hardly fair,” Sherlock countered while tilting his head at the woman. He followed her gaze to John and saw the look of sheer panic on his partner’s face. Turning to Lydia he said a bit more softly, “Females have an advantage when it comes to orgasms.”
“I kind of got the sense that he was sizing me up.” John mused, leaning his back on the counter and pursing his lips. “Used to get that feeling when meeting a new CO. Like they want to see what you’re made of. I
The door was hardly shut before John had his arms around Sherlock. He pulled Sherlock into a tight embrace, holding his head close with a firm hand.
“Something like that.” Sherlock nodded, then nuzzled his nose against John’s cheek. “But this topic is far too dark and upsetting for a morning like this. I would much rather spend this weekend doing something enjoyable.”
Another apology, Google Docs seems to have messed up my margins, so the spacing in this is has gone all funny. Margins isn't my strong suit, so I don't know how to fix it. Bear with me on that front please.
"Does he… you know? Hit you?" Greg asked cautiously.
“I love you, Sherlock. My God, I love you.”
Scrambling to his feet Sherlock followed John up to the second floor, his fingers working the buttons of his shirt as we went. By the time they’d reached the uppermost floor, all that remained to be taken off was Sherlock’s trousers and shoes. Shucking them off, he left his clothes in a pile at the door and reached in, feeling around the hooks on the other side for his cuffs. Once he had them he handed them over to John and presented his wrists. The moments the cuffs were secured, John used the rings on each cuff to pull Sherlock into the room. He dragged Sherlock over to the bed, then released his grip.
The tea had lost some of its warmth while he’d been collaring Sherlock, but they ate and drank despite the food no longer being piping hot. John was pleasantly surprised that Sherlock ate nearly everything on his plate, leaving only the crust from his toast abandoned.
Prodding the man with his gun, the sound of a zip being done up fills the room. The instant the man is no longer hovering in Sherlock’s personal space, John springs into action. Withdrawing his gun, he flipped it around his grip and sent the butt of the handle flying hard into the back of the man’s skull. He crumpled to the ground with a heavy “Oof,” but didn't move when John kicked him once in the ribs.
“It was…” Sherlock paused, searching for the words that could adequately describe how it felt to be inside his John. “Like we were one. As if suddenly, every love song in the universe made sense. It felt amazing, different than anything I’ve ever felt. Tighter than a fist or a mouth, softer, maybe? The pleasure was more intense, harder to control. And seeing you thoroughly enjoying it only heightened my experience. Thank you, John.”
“Two missing me is pretty damn important, Sherlock,” Greg called after him.
“Good, go put this on the hook by the door then I want you in a standing wait.” John handed the leather bracelet to Sherlock, then reached down and stroked himself through his pants.
When John was spent, he let go of Sherlock’s hair and staggered back against the doorframe. He stood there panting, back pressed against the wood while he dragged a hand through his still-wet hair.
"Nonsense. It's legally hers; I saw to that when Frank Hudson first went to jail."
“The table?” Sherlock queried, arching a brow as he walked past John. Entering the kitchen he saw a box, roughly the size of a book, resting on the center of the table. “Is this?” He began to ask, before sliding to his knees.
Sherlock thought as he rolled his neck, missing the feeling of the leather band.
as he was about to swipe his tongue over his bottom lip.
“Of course.” Greg nodded firmly, “This is all officially property of the Yard. You’re lucky I’m offering at all.”
“Moon Young?” John asked as he held out his hands, letting his gun dangle off his trigger finger. The girl nodded once then glanced from John to Greg. “Oh thank christ.” John breathed, turning to Greg. “Get her out of here, then come back. If I find any more I’ll instruct them to wait for you at the stairs.”
“Dinner,” He said to his reflection, “or is it supper? It depends on who you ask, I suppose. Most would say tea. People partake of this meal every day, so why do I feel nervous?”
“You got there just in time, John,” Sherlock shuddered, “another minute…”
“Uh yeah. Thanks for the ride.” John called to the driver while nodding his thanks to Mycroft.
He thought, selecting six smaller pieces of rope from a table nearby. He and Zed shared playful jabs while they worked, revving the audience up and making their subs inwardly roll their eyes at the playful cockfight. Crouching low to the ground, John undid the laces on Sherlock’s shoes. Slipping both shoes and socks off of Sherlock, he planted the ball of Sherlock’s feet on the wooden floor. “Traction okay?” he asked Sherlock, allowing the man to test his weight and grip. Sherlock nodded, watching John’s jaw as he began wrapping the rope around his ankles and the chair. Despite John’s lack of recent practice, he worked quickly and efficiently and had Sherlock’s ankles in place before Zed had one of Lydia’s legs secured.
It only takes Greg a few minutes to convince Hicks to turn over Lilianne’s belongings to the Yard. In the end, he seems happy enough to have a section of his storage room back. So happy, in fact, that he even offers to take a single box out to the waiting car.
“Why don’t you wait and see if I can put this bloody thing back together,” John laughed, “if I do, we can talk about adding in some old porn music next time.”
“Over-analyze away, John.” Sherlock said around a laugh, “I find it rather sexy seeing how much you care.”
With renewed energy, he set about tidying up. He started by moving his kit to the top of his dresser and then placing John’s items on the wooden surface beside his box. Next, he retrieved the lube bottle from under his bed and put it back in the drawer where it belonged. Lastly, he made quick work of making his bed, though he was sure it wasn’t the hospital corners to which John had grown accustomed.
“Mm, but I needed you less anxious. And that,” Sherlock said as he pushed his door open, “did the trick. I -”
“Wise,” Sherlock smirked, nodding approvingly.
“John, I think it might be wise if we stay inside today. We can order takeaway later, and do the shopping tomorrow evening. Right now, I very much want to kiss you and spend the day by your side.”
“Never, I’d chain that collar of yours on a treadmill, cuff your hands behind your back and sit back and watch the show first.”
“How long?” He asked, meaning how long he’d be allowed to collar John for.
you two are on about.”
Thank you to everyone who has helped me on this, BRNZ in the beginning, Sara in the end, and countless others. Having people to bounce ideas off of is a huge part of why I was able to finish this. Thank you to each reader who not only read this, but gave it kudos or left a comment. You all have been amazing and I'm so grateful to have had everyone along for this journey!
Zed was by her side in an instant, releasing the rope from the back of her chair and helping her lower herself back into the chair as the excited murmur turned into a round of applause. John took his time mounting the platform, showing that his submissive was still able to endure more, should it be asked of him.
“Your ankles and wrists will be tied to the chair, your forearms too. You’ll be on tiptoes, and the palms of your hands will be flat on the seat. The longer part of the rope will be fed through the hoop on the ceiling. It won't hold much tension and is mostly for show. The goal is to remain in a bridge position, holding your hips as high off the chair as you can for as long as you can. The moment your thighs touch the chair, it's over. Lydia has practice, but I know you. You have the body of a fighter.”
Pocketing his phone, he turned back to the kitchen to put the finishing touches on supper. He’d stolen a pinny from Mrs. Hudson earlier that day, and it now lay draped over one of the chairs coated in flour and egg.
“Mostly, yes. Occasionally one would be sick or have a prior engagement, but the lot of them never missed a night.”
“Tell me you’re taking him to REGULATION, Locky.”
“Not enough data.” Sherlock growled, “I don’t have enough information to know if it is just their group being targeted if it was
“You’re good together,” Zed said after the ropes and chairs had been put away, and the four of them huddled together. “You can read each other well. That goes a long way in this world.”
Sherlock hardly had time to read the first rule when John let out a pleased snort. His face broke into a wide grin as he wrote out a second rule, holding it up for Sherlock to read.
“Alright, surprise me then.” Shrugging, John pulled the cork out of the bottle and filled two glasses. “I’ll let you be in charge of our sex attic.”
“Thanks much, Missus.”
Sherlock enjoy it.
later. For now, strip.” John repeated as he rolled his hips, pressing his erection against Sherlock’s stomach.
“Possibly, Harry fed him half her plate most of his life.”
“Are you asking me if I would like to douche first?” Sherlock asked. Silver blue eyes looked up at John as a playful smirk danced across Sherlock’s face.
“I dunno,” Ralph said with an apathetic shrug.
“No, just trust me.” John urged gently as he slid the key into the small padlock. It opened with a soft click, and John pulled it free from the two small loops beside the buckle, then with quick fingers removed the collar. “C’mere.”
Sherlock looked down at the slick wet patches that were causing the mesh to stick to his stomach and grinned. “Let’s hope Mrs. Hudson is asleep, or this will be fun to explain.”
“Oh? And what happens when you’re made to wait?” he asked, swirling the amber liquid in his glass before taking a sip. “Macallan, top shelf, you’re out to please tonight,
“John Watson, if you ever say bae in my presence again… It means poop in Danish!”
,” Sherlock complained, wiggling his hips below the table.
"Nice of Mr Hudson to lend us her place... But isn't it cartel property?" John asked, dropping his voice to a whisper while mentioning their landlady's colourful past.
Sherlock thought, lowering his eyes to the floor at John’s feet. He could feel every grain of grit and sand below his knees. His dry cleaner would have a few choice words for him when he dropped these trousers off, but Sherlock had no intention of moving until John commanded him to move.
“Red tape, and all.” Greg shrugged on his jacket and powers down his computer. “Let’s do this by the book and bring these girls home.”
“Yeah, me too. Just listen to the music. Whoever’s singing isn’t excellent. Might help.”
"You’re also adeptly attuned to my needs. You not only, ahhh," Sherlock moaned as John's finger brushed against his, up to now, mostly neglected cock, "Not only do you give me what I need. But you enjoy it, you enjoy everything we do together." Sherlock managed, then stretched out a hand. Wrapping his fingers around his target he gave John's erection a firm squeeze and opened his eyes long enough to smile seductively at his partner. "Hard, without me even touching you."
“Pain, to a point. I enjoy the sharp hint of more to come, though that doesn’t mean I
leave you vulnerable tonight…"
“And when he expresses his desire or gives you a command, do you roll your eyes at him?” John asked, completely ignoring Sherlock, knowing the detective would be watching with jealous eyes as John ground his hips into Lydia’s backside.
“Now, I’m afraid we just have to wait while we track down the leads we know of, recovering those who were sold off, and hoping we uncover more in the future. The American government, along with three other countries have representatives on the way, more than one individual is not native to England. Hopefully, with extra hands, your workload will be light.”
With his moment of weakness behind him, John selected Sherlock’s second-best dressing gown. He sighed happily as the soft silk caressed his skin.
“No. John Watson,” scents of vanilla and a spice that reminded him of India tickled his nose. It was against the rules to proposition the staff, but flirting in moderation was tolerated.
“Couldn’t have that. It was disastrous last we attempted it.” Jesper sighed dramatically then motioned for John to step down off the platform he’d been perched on. “All set here, love. Come back in a few days, and we’ll have all the good little boys and girls drooling over you. What did I tell you, Locky? Good things come in small packages, and you’ve got a good one here.”
“Better,” John said, his voice inches from Sherlock’s neck. “This way,” he said cheerily, walking out of the bedroom, steady strides carrying him down the hall.
“Is that an order?” Sherlock asked as he got to his feet.
“Mm,” John nodded and sat on the edge of the bed, so he wasn’t staring down at Sherlock.
“Wait here,” he said, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed. He retreated into the bathroom, where he discarded the condom and retrieved a warm flannel.
“My room, yes. Our room?” Sherlock said, trying the phrase on for size. Straightening, he chanced a brief look at John’s face and was instantly relaxed by the smile he found there. “It’s the nicer bedroom, close to the bathroom. And, I’ve found I sleep better with you by my side.”
up in the dictionary, you’ll see his face where the description should be.”
. It was like he only saw Sherlock, and I didn’t exist.”
“Brat, pretty soon you won't want to have sex upstairs. You’ll be pulling me down to Speedy’s for a quick romp.”
“Yeah, uh… says you have a missed text,” John said, glancing at the screen.
“My flatmate and I stopped beating around the bush, decided to give the whole relationship thing a go.” He said with a slight shrug, unable to meet her eyes.
“I’m sorry they hurt you,” he whispered, “that wasn’t supposed to happen.”
“Moriarty said he wanted you pliant and submissive. He said he didn’t care how, just to get it done.” the man said as he pulled his cock out of the flap in his pants. “I bet he’d love to watch this though, should I record it? Send him a video of our first session so he can see how you cried like a little bitch?”
“Oh, you think you’re getting fucked tonight, do you?” John laughed, swatting Sherlock’s arse hard enough to leave a red mark behind. “You rolled your eyes at me before everyone got here. I don’t think you deserve to get fucked.”
Sherlock instantly missed John’s warmth pressed against his back and the nearly ticklish sensation of John’s nose and lips against his neck. He wanted to whinge, to beg John to come back and never leave his side. Still, his experiment drew half of his attention back to the table. It wasn’t life or death, but it was interesting. Better yet, the sight of pig parts spread across their kitchen table had made even John grimace, something the severed head hadn’t managed to do.
“Doesn’t that give me the advantage?” Sherlock asked, eyeing the party with curiosity. He’d suspected that Zed and Lydia swapped roles, but learning that Zed was comfortable enough being submissive to achieve subspace was an interesting fact.
“Can you? I can’t imagine you’ve spent a day outside in what, thirty years?” John mused, with no real heat behind his words. He was old enough to know that the world ran efficiently thanks to people being willing to work behind a desk and others out in the real world getting their hands dirty.
“I believe you, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft said after giving John an appraising look. “If he had you in his life last time, I feel things might have gone easier for him.”
“Release,” he said, and at the command, Sherlock finally lowered his hips back down onto the chair. The room broke into applause when John’s hand sunk into Sherlock’s hair, rewarding him for the room to see.
“I could either do the washing, and we can enjoy a quiet evening in. Or, you can strip and be ready on our bed in ten minutes. Your choice.”
“Yeah,” John vocalized, trying to sound understanding and not relieved. He liked Sarah, but the thought of sitting down with his boss and her husband with Sherlock wasn’t his idea of a pleasant evening. He glanced up at the clock and groaned, “that’s me back to work. If I don’t head back, the boss will have my head. I hear she’s extra grumpy from being sleep deprived.”
Sherlock watched hungrily while John teased himself. He noticed how John favored a light touch along his head, with a more robust grip around the base, and filed the information away for later use.
Pulling the blankets up over his head, John closed his eyes and sighed. Sherlock’s half of the bed was cold, and the bed far too still for John to get comfortable. Though having only shared a bed for just over a week, John’s sleep quality had improved instantly. With Sherlock beside him, his nightmares were less intense. There was something grounding about waking up to find Sherlock’s back pressed against his or a hand pleasantly draped over his midsection. Balling up one of the extra pillows, John stuffed it between his knees and fell into a restless sleep.
“A seven percent solution, just as you like it, Sherlock. Compliments of Jim Moriarty.” The man said as he grabbed hold of both of Sherlock’s wrists and yanked him from the car.
They opened the small box together after John had dressed. John was visibly pleased with both items’ craftsmanship, but his eyes lingered on the bracelet for a fraction of a second longer than the collar.
was the one making Sherlock feel that way, not the crowd.
“With an officer watching.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes, not relishing the idea of having someone over his shoulder while he worked.
“Zed,” he turned to the owner then looked up at the ceiling. Pointing at a row of heavy rings bolted into the ceiling, he asked, “are we allowed to use those?”
“You don’t want to be tied up to some bedpost waiting for a cock to be shoved inside you,” John affirmed.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Married some bloke from Ireland. She's pregnant with her second."
“A bit of both?” Sherlock shrugged, “Keep an eye on me when we’re home, so I don’t slip off. If we go out, remind me of our rules. Don’t let me out of your sight. You can threaten  me with my brother, and rehab, if you need.”
“Well, I was texting Zed earlier,” John said with a sly smile, “and he and I are going to do a bit of a joint demonstration later if you’re willing. That, and I
“You already want more, don’t you? You little slut.”
John let out a grunt of acceptance, then suddenly his hands stopped soothing their way across Sherlock’s thighs. One strong hand wrapped around the base of Sherlock’s cock and began working in tandem with John’s mouth. While the other slid down past Sherlock’s balls, over his perineum and along the crease. When he next pulled off Sherlock’s cock for breath he nodded his head over towards the side table.
Sherlock sat straight up, placing a hand on John’s chest he pushed John away from him with a quick shove. He was on his feet in an instant, not even bothering to reach for his pants he headed bare-arse out of the bedroom for their cases. Returning a moment later with the collar he checked the box to ensure the key was inside, then turned to John.
She wouldn't want them to feel sad. Oh, she would appreciate a tear or two. Who wouldn't? However, ultimately Mrs Hudson didn't want them to be sad. She had said as much when they had gone to see her during her final moments. Though her voice had been frail, her words were strong. She had all but threatened them into happiness after her passing. John and Sherlock had both agreed, of course, promised even, But neither of them had understood the weight behind that promise. How difficult it would be not to cry as they walked up the flight of stairs to their flat, passing the now vacant hall that had once been so full of life.
“How are we doing this, John?” Sherlock asked, rising to his full height and circling the platform once again. This time John followed quickly, letting the chain go just tight enough that it wasn’t dragging on the floor.  “Will you have me cuffed to the wall when people start to enter, will we mingle, or do you want me on my knees?”
“How’d you guess it?” John asked around a yawn as he settled back against the pillows.
Nodding his head once, Sherlock did his best to relax as John worked his balls, then cock, through the tight ring. More than once he needed lube to help ease skin through the tight fit, but he managed it without causing more than mild discomfort. When the base was in place, he reached for the bulk of the cage. Applying ice once more, to ensure maximum shrinkage, he fit the cage over Sherlock’s cock, poking stubborn folds of skin into place, then locked the catheter into place before securing the cage itself. Finally, Sherlock heard the click of a small padlock, locking the device into place and he was instructed to sit up and open his eyes.
“How’s that?” He asked.
“Welcome home, Sir,” he said with a slight bow of his head.
“Whatever you need from us, Mycroft,” Sherlock said firmly, “we’ll help. I started this, and I intend to finish it.”
He thought, as he compared Rebecca to Sherlock.
“Fuck me.” John cursed, shaking his head at Sherlock’s pants. “That defeats the entire purpose of pants. What’s the back look like?”
“Come along, John.” Sherlock called after discreetly adjusting himself, “There’s one more shop I want to take you to.”
“John, Sherlock, this is Paige Bevan. She runs Night Goddess,” Zed said, interrupting Sherlock’s appraisal. Zed gets up and steps between Paige and Sherlock, reaching his hand out to squeeze her bicep.
“Ahh… Let me guess,” John drummed his fingers on the seat and lowered his voice as if he were talking to a co-conspirator, “You’re here to lecture me on my distasteful sexual desires. Warning me off from my sinful ways. Or, better yet, you’re going to threaten me to stop engaging in them with your brother.” Turning in his seat, he faced Mycroft, pleased to see his face pinched with annoyance, “You’re probably going to try and intimidate me, get me to stop dating your brother. Does the collar around his neck bother you
He placed the potholders on the center of the table, where they’d be ready to receive a pair of hot dishes. The hall door creaked open, and he looked up to see a tired but smiling John toe off his shoes.
“No, John,” Sherlock husked out. Letting go of John’s thigh, he reached down and gently pulled John’s fist from his mouth. “Let me hear you, talk to me. Say my name.”
"John, come here," Sherlock called while getting down on all fours on one of the ottomans. "Come test the height."
“What colour rose?” Zed asked, instantly dropping the teasing tone.
Something moved in the alley below, drawing Sherlock’s attention away from the cars. A lonely cat ran agilely over the top of a fence, then jumped down to sunbathe on a metal bin.
"No, but he didn't know that," Sherlock admitted as he pushed the front door open with his hip. "The look on his face was priceless."
“Why don’t you relax in the bedroom, Sherlock, while I take care of our visitor,” John suggested, saving Sherlock the embarrassment of having to greet his brother while wearing a collar. He spoke loud enough that Mycroft would be able to hear, letting the older Holmes know that he was not welcome to let himself in. He flipped over the notepad then nodded his head in the direction of Sherlock’s bedroom. “Go,” he said softer, “I’ll deal with him.”
John paused, tapping his foot against the carpet, willing his alcohol addled brain to think quicker and more efficiently. He regretted the back-to-back beers with Zed, but he hadn’t expected to return home so quickly.
“Mine too,” John said, still laughing. With a sharp tug, he pulled Sherlock off balance, making the taller man lean into him for support, then reached up and kissed his way down Sherlock’s jaw.
“Life with Sherlock
Shrugging into his coat to ward off the sudden damp, John headed down the stairs and headed down the street. Just like last time, he'd only gone a few buildings down from their flat when Mycroft's car pulled up alongside him. This time, however, he climbed in without protest.
"Why?" John wasn’t sure if he was asking
“It would be wise for you two to work as a pair for the time being.” Mycroft agreed, “John, please let me know if you need more ammunition for that service weapon I know nothing about.”
“Did you like having people watch me?” Sherlock asked, his long legs easily keeping pace with John’s energetic gait.
“Actually, yes. A friend of mine, he’s just playing hard to get.” He said, emphasizing the masculine pronoun, hoping that tidbit of information might let the girl down easily.
John would have no desire to take over Sherlock’s spending. But there was that unspoken level of control when it came to collars and trinkets a submissive would wear.
Don't get too excited. It's just the contract for you all to see.
“I’m eating now, thanks to you.” Sherlock reminded John needlessly. “More than just biscuits and mince pies.”
**** PLEASE DONT BUY FROM ANY SITES LINKED I JUST USE THEM FOR VISUAL AID***
"I can feel you, John. Every beat of your heart as if it is my own."
John was the first to throw his flower into the grave once the casket had been lowered. Rosie came next, throwing two roses and waving
“She’s probably already on the phone with Mrs Turner,” Sherlock said around a huff of laughter, “asking her when the last time her married ones had sex.”
“Be a good boy and suck my cock while I think of what to do with you next.” John requested, sliding his right hand deep into Sherlock’s curls. He pulled Sherlock’s face forward, rubbing Sherlock’s lips over the leather trapping his erection, then let out a low moan when Sherlock reached up with both hands and undid the two zippers. The front panel of John’s trousers fell forward. No longer trapped, his erection sprung forward, slapping Sherlock in the cheek, much to the amusement of the crowd. Sherlock looked up as his fingers wrapped around the base of John’s cock.
“No need to thank me,” John smiled over at Sherlock, then reached up to brush a curl behind his ear. “Just doing what you’ve done for me in the past. I’m happy to provide any amount of comfort I can.”
“Right, pass me a pillow,” John asked, holding out a hand. Sherlock grabbed the nearest one and passed it over. Folding it over, he promptly stuck it under the small of his back and smiled up at his lover. “You don’t need to go slow. You don’t have to ask me if it's okay. I will tell you if anything is uncomfortable. I
(See the end of the chapter for
“My, aren’t you ambitious,” Sherlock smirked, stepping close and using his natural height to tower over John. “I think I’ll start with the window. Once your cock starts dripping against the glass I’ll bend you over my chair and have you until you’re begging for mercy. Do you think the mantle is the right height for you to lean on?”
“Mmm say thank you to the nice man,” John purred, doing his best not to show his nervousness.
“Yes, Sir, I want them to know that I’m thoroughly yours.”
The swap from John’s mouth bobbing up and down on him, to the soft pressure breaching him, soon had Sherlock moaning. By the time John was up to his second knuckle, Sherlock was rolling his hips, trying to press down harder on John’s finger.
“No one should have to deal with multiple phone calls regarding missing people,” John said, mirroring Sherlock’s look.
"Hey now," John said, quickly leaning in to kiss Sherlock's pout away, "it's our honeymoon. You’re not allowed to be sad."
“Will it stay? It might just tear?”
"Jesus, you two are nuts." The driver said, finally speaking up.
He paused, his throat suddenly parched, then reached across the space between them and plucked John’s glass from his hands. The water was cool against his tongue, and it helped clear the slight fog and dizziness from the whisky. When the glass was empty, he placed it on the table beside John's chair and asked, “Did I miss anything? Oh, yes, please do limit the humiliation. It bothers me. Also, I’m clean, as I know you are. Part of Mycroft’s stipulation to me living on my own, with my ‘
“As long as that thinking doesn’t make a mess in my shop,” Jesper commented while motioning for John to turn around. “He is right, leather with two zips. I’ll make it thin, but durable, with no embellishments. We’ll put your pockets in the jacket, so the trousers cling to your hips nicely. Just try not to get semen on them. Leather is porous, semen would get absorbed into the material.”
I am. Alright?”
“I’ll submit for punishment as soon as the case is over,” Sherlock began as he followed John up the stairs.
“Even if it means putting me on a leash and keeping me at your side?” Sherlock said, repeating his earlier statement.
“Waiting on anyone?” She said, noticing how he kept glancing over her shoulder.
John lay in pure ecstasy for some time. He soaked up every ounce of pleasure Sherlock had to offer as if they were the last he’d ever receive. By the time Sherlock had three fingers inside him, John was panting and rocking his hips in short jerky movements. His cock was red and flushed; precome dribbled out from the head and down his shaft. Sherlock wanted to wrap his lips around it and suck it clean, but he also wanted to see John come from nothing but internal stimulant.
By the time the song was nearing an end, John had to take over thrusting into Sherlock. Sherlock’s movements had become choppy as he neared the cusp of subspace. Taking all thought from his submissive, John stroked a hand over Sherlock’s back.
“Which is why I put a note on your profile that I wanted to speak with you if you ever showed your face here again.” An amused smile crossed Zed’s face at John’s confusion. “As far as I’m aware, you’ve never exercised your right to invite anyone, then that posh bloke shows up and randomly drops your name?” Zed spread his arms out wide and shrugged. “We tried calling you, but we only had a landline on file for you. Hell, I even tried sending you a letter in the post. Thought about kicking his skinny arse out once or twice, but couldn’t find a reason. He never caused any issues and was always quiet or kept to himself.”
Before John could reply or shoot Zed a look for spreading information about Sherlock around, his phone buzzed. Excusing himself, he pulled it out of his pocket and glanced at the message. A smile spread over his lips when he read over Sherlock’s text.
"Yeah, anything you need," Elvio said, taking a chalk pencil out of his pocket. "Mark the spots and I'll get it done."
Sherlock could feel John’s worry as if it were his own. It pressed him down, made his feet feel as if they’d sunk into the floor like butter.
“That you do, brother mine,” Mycroft said as he stood. Gathering his umbrella he turned to look at his brother and smirked, “I suggest you give your kindly landlady some noise-cancelling headphones. I have no doubt I would have been able to hear you from the street.”
“Great, here’s Lestrade’s card. He’ll probably have you go in and chat with Sergeant Donovan. She’s a bit of an arsehole to the unique, but she’s good at her job. If she calls you a freak, just ignore her. That’s what Sherlock does.”
“Bite me,” he snarled as he pushed his trousers down his thighs, “and I’ll just flip you over and fuck you without lube.”
“Y-yes, Sir.”
John’s grip on his hair tightened like a vice as he held Sherlock still.
"Hardly. But I'm going to need your help. I don't know how, just yet, but when the time comes can I count on you?"
“I was fifteen when she died. These,” he said, picking up a stack of letters, “are from her. I was away visiting Da’s sister and her husband on their farm. Harry too. We’d spend two weeks every summer out there. She’d write to us, and we’d each get our own letter.”
“You can stop right there,” John spun on the man, curling his lip up into a snarl. He planted his feet apart and squared his shoulders. The other man might be taller, but John knew how to make the most of his body. Channeling every ounce of control and command he had, John set his jaw. Pointing a fist in Sherlock’s direction, he growled, “You do not make assumptions. Not here, not ever. Sissy boy, as I assume you were about to say unwisely, is not something you throw around lightly. By doing so, you degrade the meaning for those who enjoy it, turning it into a slur for beautiful men. My submissive is not yours to fantasise over. Now leave before I make you leave.”
“Nonsense, John. First, we need breakfast, then I’m going to pin you against a wall and have my way with you. Seeing you failed to collar me before I left the bedroom, I plan to make full use of my free time. How many different surfaces do you think I can have you on before neither of us can get it up anymore?”
“Her name?” Sherlock demanded.
“Come here,” John said, kneeling beside the chair and pulling Sherlock’s head to his shoulder. “God,” he whispered, mouth buried just below Sherlock’s ear, “you’re marvelous. What do you say we get out of here and find that alley?”
Sherlock knelt silently, listening to the water rushing through the ancient pipes. After a moment, he closed his eyes and pictured John showering. It wasn’t the first time he’d laid in bed, imagining his then friend in the shower. But now he’d seen John’s body, knew his proportions, and was able to picture it with crystal clarity. He followed the sounds, imagining that John would close his eyes while scrubbing shampoo briskly through his hair. He’d wash with quick and efficient swipes. John was most likely the type of man who would wash his belly button during each shower.
“Moon Young Kato, age 20. We know she lives somewhere in Chinatown, but that’s all we know.”
“The first option you mentioned sounds like the right fit,” Sherlock mused, “Full time?”
Nodding, John took another sip of water and motioned for Sherlock to continue. They could discuss their relationship once all cards had been placed on the table. Though, his heart did skip a beat at Sherlock’s words.
“Pray it doesn’t come to that.” Mycroft replied gravely, then waved his hand in dismissal at the group. “Doctor Watson, Inspector, please suit up and be in the front of the building in five minutes.”
Running his palms down over his jacket, he tugged at the hem, then felt around his back, tucking in the loose ends of his shirt. He hadn’t worn this suit since Harry’s wedding. Back then, he had deemed it posh and pristine, but after months of living with Sherlock and his elegant suits, he now felt like an imposter playing the part of a well-dressed man.
“But I’m not collared right now, so what does that make me?” Sherlock asked as he stood and began removing his clothing.
“Good God, Watson, how I’ve missed you.” Zed laughed and took his hand off the gearshift to slap John on the thigh.
Drugs
“Oh, it
Sure enough, the basement is nothing more than a hall with doors on either side. The rooms no doubt had been storage units for the business upstairs. Now, however, John knew they’d been repurposed for a more sinister use.
“And you think I like the idea of sharing all my secrets with you?” John said, equally as grumpy. They could, of course, have settled for just a team of agents hired by Mycroft, none of whom John would know personally. No fewer than a dozen of Mycroft’s best agents
“To be honest, I don’t remember much, but I can guess what happened by the state of my clothes.” Sherlock wrinkled his nose as his eyes fell on his torn outfit from the night before. “They didn’t…”
“So,” Sherlock drawled,  “this warm, almost dizzy, feeling I get when I make John happy. That would be… because I care about him?”
“Any chance you can provide me with descriptions?”
“If you need to breathe, tap my leg.” He commanded, pulling Sherlock off his cock, “do you understand?”
Overcome with his desire to explore John's body, to find out what made the doctor writhe and moan; he forgot he was playing the part of John's sub. With his usual air of arrogance, he looked up and met John's gaze.
"That…" Zed said, "happened fast."
Sherlock was practically vibrating with excitement when John walked in. Per instruction (sent via text while John was waiting for the tube), he was waiting in his armchair, dressed in nothing but his blue robe and the red collar.
“Doing alright?” John asked when he noticed Sherlock shifting from foot to foot.
“With a name, we could go to Lestrade,” John said, relief creeping into his voice.
“Jesus.” John gulped, his head spun, and butterflies set up permanent residence inside his stomach. Numbly he reached out, his hand finding the bottle of beer and lifting it to his lips. Sherlock watched, one eyebrow raised, his tongue toying with his lips as John tried not to choke on his beer. “You’re actively trying to kill me.” John wheezed, trying to push away the image Sherlock had just projected into his brain.
to its core? Would he suggest they head home for a private discussion of their needs and wants? Would it be a single episode? Or something more?
and 10% grunts. Sweat coated John's thighs, and it wasn't a stretch of the imagination to picture beads of perspiration forming along his forehead. And Sherlock didn't have to look up to know that John would be gripping the door frame so hard that his knuckles would be white.
“Tell you what?” John said over the sound of the music, which was louder here by the bar.
“In a sea of male submissives, you can imagine that the females stand out.”
Sherlock nodded quickly.
“Well, you know what I always say,” Zed started to ask but was cut off by John lifting his head to the sky and shouting.
How do you put into words the sum of one person? How do you accurately convey every emotion, every smile, laugh, and iota of embarrassment that you experience with someone over the years? How do you do this without rambling on and on until you’ve talked yourself hoarse?
“Right, rules are simple then. Fifteen minutes or the sub to hold themselves up off the chair the longest wins. Do you need a moment to explain the position?”
“Mm, yeah. We’re going to have to be inventive. Typical rules are something like making you sleep naked and having you ask permission before leaving the bed. And, call me crazy, but I don’t exactly relish the idea of being woken up every time you’re too restless to lay next to me. Instead…” John trailed off in favor of writing the first rule,
Okay, so this chapter got away from me. It's just over 11k words. But I couldn't find a good place to split it.
“Tying off, I think. I want this to be a fair contest. Give your boy a fighting chance.”
“Were her friends worried last night? Had they heard from her? Was she seen leaving with anyone? The same man Lilianne left with?” Sherlock fired off his questions in the same breath, getting up and pacing once more.
“Were you ever a sub?” He asked after half a glass of whisky had loosened his tongue.
“Zed, would you excuse me?” John asked, glancing back over to Sherlock’s lurking form. He went to stand but Zed stopped him with a quick shake of his head.
Alarm bells rang throughout John’s head. He pushed himself up onto his elbow and swallowed the bile down as Sherlock’s words hit home. Inwardly he kicked himself for not bothering to ask if Sherlock had any past trauma.
“Sherlock, now. Please, don’t make me wait.” John croaked.
“Zed?” Sherlock asked, raising an eyebrow quizzically at his partner while finding an outlet and plugging the laptop in.
“Erm, no. Black, like always, destined to wander, that’s me.” John’s brows furrowed in mild confusion, but before he had time to dwell on his confusion, or ask why white, Zed was dragging him towards the bar.
“I missed you more than is proper to admit,” John whispered, letting his hand drift lower until it was cupping one of Sherlock’s butt cheeks. “It almost hurts to be away from you.
unless I have ordered you to do so. Is that clear?”
“So I gathered when I dropped your name at the door. It took you long enough to show up.” Sherlock’s voice sounded so much like his own typically clipped tones, but there was a soft edge to the way he enunciated that made John’s heart flutter. “Took me feigning leaving town to get you to come out. Who made who wait, hmm?”
“You’ve been practicing,” Zed complained goodnaturedly. “And don't have to deal with Lydia's heels. Those things have more buckles than a leather club.”
“Yes, Captain.”
John shook his head and looked at his friend with interest. Zed nodded as if expecting that answer, then continued.
“How about I just hold your hand in public, and let you know you’re not alone?” John asked, not wanting to threaten his partner when it was evident he was trying hard not to slip back into addiction.
“Fine, but audio only on your end. I can’t have you speaking in my ear distracting me.”
like. Hours I feel you’re not willing to spend in discussion only. Instead, I will ask this of you. Be honest with me, tell me what you like, what you don’t like. If we try something new, please tell me if you enjoyed it or not using hard and soft. I will respect any of your hard limits. Soft limits, we can explore together. We’ll work together to push ourselves, the goal being to find new avenues of pleasure.”
“On it,” Greg said, nodding and picking up the phone on his desk.
“Good, come cuddle.”
“Yes, not much has changed. Or so I’m told. I’ve only been here six months.”
“You’re stronger than your addiction. You’re smarter than Moriarty. And for Christ’s sake, I haven’t left you.”
“Relationship, yes.” Sherlock said, recalling John’s questions with ease, “I want a relationship with you. For months now, I’ve feared that I ruined my chances at that when I shot you down at Angelo’s. I wasn’t certain then that you were serious. Now I know better.”
“I’ll harass Greg first thing on Monday. You can tell Mike whenever. I’m certain you’re in contact with him far more than I am these days.” Sherlock considered, his lips twisting up into a smile at the thought of a case.
“Rude, rude,” Sherlock said, pointing a still slimy finger in John’s direction. “Why can you roll your eyes at me?”
The air crackled with a new sort of intimate tension that was both new and exciting. Sherlock licked his lips, eyes roaming over John’s body as if he couldn’t decide on where he wanted to start. This wasn’t his first time undressing his Dom, but it was the first time undressing
“Okay,” John said, smiling down at his prize. “I prefer Captain or Sir. I don’t enjoy Master, and if you ever call me Daddy, I swear I’ll laugh so hard the mood will be ruined for both of us.”
“Our memories are powerful things,” Sherlock agreed, sparing John the scientific explanation. “Are these all from her?”
“Black combat boots with just a hint of a heel. You’ll be wearing heels, I assume?” The skinny tailor said, turning to look at Sherlock.
They stayed like that for a few moments, skin on skin, their sweat causing them to stick together. Eventually, Sherlock’s erection flagged, and he felt himself slip free of John. Planting a kiss between John’s shoulder blades, he sat up.
“Yes, sir.” Sherlock’s voice was small, the very picture of submission. John didn’t smile or even preen at the tone. Instead, he reached for the supplies laid out over the bed and began putting them away.
yesterday?"
**JOHN**
. Three, you do it because you care about someone, and seeing them happy makes you happy. Then, if you want to you can call this number four; there is the less savory motivation where people do it just to gain something.”
Without thinking, John lifted a folded bundle of paper to his nose and inhaled. “Sometimes, I imagine I can still smell her perfume.”
“He isn’t. Just trust me on that. What?” John asked when Zed pulled a face as if John had just said the sky was purple and the ocean dry. “He isn’t. You don’t know him like I do.”
“Joohnn, these trousers are too tight already,” Sherlock complained weakly, though the twinkle in his eyes silently begged John to continue.
“That I have, he’s… mad.” John agreed, a bit surprised that Zed had bothered to read his blog. He and Zed had a history together and had been close friends once, but John still wasn't quite used to the newfound fame his blog had brought him.
“Yes well, as you say, better to be safe than sorry.” Unbuckling Sherlock slid across the seat. Turning to face John he braced his hands on the back of the seat on either side of John’s head and straddled his lap. The time for planning, or talking about their plans was over. Every precaution at their disposal had been made. Lestrade and a few officers would be in and around the club, Mycroft had men stationed in a similar fashion. Zed had his whole team on the lookout for any newcomers, or anyone trying to bypass the flower system. They’d been instructed to watch, but not approach.  No, there was nothing left to do now, except ease John’s nerves. His soldier, his man of steel, his unwaveringly loyal companion, was after all, only human.
If she noticed, she said nothing, though her smile shifted into something more polite than genuine before she ducked her head and said, “Well, have a lovely evening.”
Once Mycroft had left, John turned to the kettle and made two cups of tea and brought them both into the bedroom. His heart clenched at the sight before him. Sherlock lay curled up on his side, facing the door. His left hand was wrapped around his legs, pulling his knees tight to his chest. Tears streamed down Sherlock’s face in silent defiance of his circumstances.
Sherlock answered with a smoldering smile that set John’s inside abuzz with desire and delight. It quieted the final hints of doubt that this was all just an act. As if to prove his point further, Sherlock arched an eyebrow then looked down to his trousers where the leather was doing
The rest of the ride passed by quickly enough, and thankfully it wasn’t long before John was standing outside their front door and fishing in his pocket for his keys. The door was dark, indicating that Mrs. Hudson had gone to sleep, so it was quiet feet that carried them up the stairs.
“Take my robe; it will be more comfortable,” Sherlock offered, slipping out from the blankets. He stood and followed John’s lead, stretching his back and arms, wincing when muscles he hadn’t used in some time made their discomfort known.
and therefore not allowed to touch yourself for sexual pleasure unless I permit you.”
“We go to their homes, starting with Lilianne,” Sherlock said while blowing on his tea.
“Do you want this, my love?” John asked in a gentle tone, “You’re sure you want this life with me?”
“Maybe out in the back, our private beach?” John suggested as he got down on his knees beside the bed. Glancing up at Sherlock he smiled gently, encouraging Sherlock to put the collar on him.
Three: If you haven't noticed, this story now has a chapter count. I **Might** change it to 22, but if I do the last chapter will be a very short epilogue.
“You’re not going alone, Sherlock. If this is a missing person case, a cop needs to be there.”
“Some Dom’s like for their subs to pick their punishments. However, I have a few I thoroughly enjoy. Let me know if you are against any of them, and I’ll cross them out.”
“I quite like it,” Sherlock agreed in a low rumble, “Unfortunately not waterproof.”
“If I pay you to make it, will you help us?” Sherlock asked. He was also walking around John in a wider arch, going the opposite direction as Jesper. “I understand that clubwear is below your pay grade, but I need it to be perfect. Something to ease John into things. Something that screams Military, without being disrespectful to the uniform. I’m going to need my Captain by my side, not some man wearing a cheap costume worn around Halloween.”
They found Lestrade in his office, in the middle of a snack, making up for whatever meal he'd last missed. He looked up in surprise to see Sherlock’s silhouette in his door frame. Putting his doughnut aside, he wiped the crumbs from his shirt and waved them both inside.
The rest of the afternoon passed by in a blur of nervous tension. Though this had been John’s idea, he found himself having second thoughts as the hour of their departure grew closer. Too anxious to do much of anything, John flitted from attempting to update his blog to sorting out the sink in the bathroom upstairs. Someone, (Sherlock), had dropped one of the keys that fit their set of padlocks down the drain, then had tried using a spreader bar with a magnet attached to the end to fish it out. The end result being they now had a key
"Careful, this one is full of bondage equipment."
Chapter contents:
When John joined them, he was dressed in cotton pyjama pants and a shirt. Sherlock looked up from his cup of tea and smiled softly at his partner. John returned the smile, then turned to the kettle to fix himself his own cup, while listening to the two brothers talk.
“Shoes?” Sherlock asked while nodding his approval.
“Is it too much, John? If it is, just say the word, but if anyone can do this, it’s you. You already do so much for me without realizing it. You monitor how long it’s been since my last meal; you make me rest if I’ve been on my feet too long, you prod me to say please or thank you. Generally, you’ve already done your best to shape me into a decent human being, simply by asking. I’ve found it impossible to deny you in the long term.” Sherlock sucked in a breath, then blew it out slowly. “In short, I trust you.”
Two: I realized I stopped alternating POV chapter by chapter and OMG IM SORRY. This is why I need a beta who will hold me accountable to silly mistakes. ssskjlshkjhfdla sorry.
eat when it comes to meals.” John sighed, scratching his eyebrow, which typically meant he was thoroughly perplexed. “When it comes to junk food, you’re as predictable as a teenager, but,” John threw his hands up and sighed, “do you like chicken, beef, pasta? I still haven’t figured it out.”
Guided by their sense of purpose it didn’t take long to find the master bedroom. John pushed Sherlock to the bed and was about to follow him to the mattress when he slapped a palm against his forehead.
Well, here we have it. The end of this fic.
“If I may be honest, I don’t relish the idea of wearing a chain around my neck. Are there any other options?”
“Yeah, that was Otto,” Elvio said, steering the conversation back on track. “He’d come every Saturday to find someone to top him. Once a month or so, he’d spread the word that he was looking to be fucked by as many men as possible. One of our staff would have to sit and watch, making sure condoms were used, and things didn’t get out of hand, but it really drew in the crowds. We haven’t seen him since the last gangbang in March.”
“Take me to bed, John,” Sherlock yawned, “I can think of more than one way you can comfort me.”
Per Rosie’s prediction, the sky had cleared up by the time they reached the cemetery. Summer songbirds were back out, and butterflies danced from flower-covered grave to flower-covered grave. The butterflies had Rosie’s attention the instant John got her out of the car. She started to take off after a particularly colourful Orang Tip, but John called her back to their side.
“Hey, no, don’t let yourself think about that.” John soothed, crouching down in front of Sherlock he looked up and placed a palm against the side of Sherlock’s face, “We’ll get you, someone, to talk to, and I’ll be here with you every step of the way.”
“Excuse me?” Sherlock’s jaw hung open in surprise at John’s boldness. The sun was still kissing the horizon, making shadows long but not washing them in darkness.
“It’s fine, dear. I know you were trying to be helpful. It’s your nature, after all. Breaching the gap between two strangers, very thoughtful of you.” Paige sighed, then tugged her skirt down, smoothing out the wrinkles with her palms. “I’m just on edge and feel as if I’m overreacting. I’ll admit my case is unique, and it has me a bit worried.”
Shaking the memory from his thoughts, he inspected John’s face for any signs of disgust or reproach. Instead, all he found were the soft lines around his eyes and forehead as he listened. Eyes the color of the ocean at midnight grew soft as understanding set in. Then John smiled; it was small but carried more warmth in it than Sherlock knew what to do with. Not only had John heard him, but he understood and accepted Sherlock’s need for what it was.
“Is that…” John questioned, looking up at Sherlock from where he sat on the sofa.
“Excuse me!” John hissed while quickly closing the gap between himself and Sherlock. Using his full weight he pinned Sherlock against the nearest wall and wrapped his fingers around Sherlock’s throat, just above his collar. At that moment, no one else in the room mattered to John. All that mattered was his submissive, and their rules. “Did you just
The taxi door creaked as John pushed it open. Warm evening air caressed his face, and nostalgia overwhelmed his senses. Echoes of mates laughing as they entered the club or the timid flirtation of a new acquaintance leaving with him made him smile.
Sherlock reminded himself,
“Loads of options, we’ll go over them this week, and you can select the type you like.” Remembering his tea, John stuck the pen through the notebook’s spine and picked up his forgotten mug. “I’m going to propose a three strike policy during our training period. Complete the week without reaching the third strike, and we’ll move on to the next stage. Failure simply means we start over, and you’ll stay in your red collar until you can show me you know how to behave.”
Sunlight warmed his back as he worked. Part of him longed to put the day to good use, to hit the streets of London and connect with his homeless network. It would be easy to lose himself in the pleasant weather, slipping through crowds unnoticed. But even as he imagined the feel of pavement beneath his feet, he remembered John’s hand on him last night.
“I did, which reminds me. We
“You mean…” Sherlock asked quietly, lifting his head to look up at John.
A few desperate thrusts had him giving John a final warning shout. John gave his cock one last suck before pulling off, watching as Sherlock stroked the last dregs of pleasure out of his body. When Sherlock pulled his hand away, he uttered a broken laugh, and reached his clean hand down to stroke John’s hair.
“Your mother?” Sherlock asked, glancing at the first picture of a woman and two children, one male, one female. The children were close enough in age that it was nearly impossible to distinguish who was older. They both smiled up at the camera, John missing his two front teeth while Harriot’s smile was only missing one. The woman standing between them with a hand lovingly placed on each shoulder resembled John so much that Sherlock instantly felt a rush of warmth towards the woman. Her hair had a touch more gold in it than John’s, but their eyes and thin lips were identical.
“We’ll turn the rest of the air on after, right now I have something that rather needs your attention,” Sherlock murmured, stroking his fingers along the length of his prick.
“Fine, we’ll take him if he’s available.” Sherlock said, but when John arched an eyebrow, he conceded, “fine, we will
"Seldom," Declared Zed with confidence, "not to brag or anything. My staff is amazing. They take pride in what we do."
“See, kiddie table.” Zed clapped John on the arm, then squeezed his fingers around John’s bicep. “Be safe, and go get him. Call me?”
“So good, you did so well,” John whispered, kissing along Sherlock’s jawline and stroking his sweaty hair.
John held both hands firmly around the small of Sherlock’s back, holding his submissive close in a steady grip. Whenever the line shifted, he’d nudge Sherlock, and they’d shuffle forward together, their bodies never breaking apart. Only when the queue had diminished, and they were sixth in line, did he let go. Sherlock barely had enough time to regain his composure before it was their turn to enter. The same receptionist greeted them with a strained smile. This clearly was the worst part of her evening.
The man grabbed the front half of Sherlock’s collar. Fingernails scrape against Sherlock’s throat then he’s being pulled forward until the pressure on his collar has him gasping for breath.
John scribbled a few words on the first line, highlighting the roles they would play.
"Alright. And you'll tell me if anything hurts. Right?"
John placed the tray of food on Sherlock’s lap, then patted him on the shoulder before hurrying around the bed. One he was settled similarly, back against the headboard, knees bent with feet planted firmly on the mattress, he took the tray and placed it between them.
his motives? I hardly suspect he was simply acting as a good samaritan, offering you a ride on a drizzly day.”
“Fine, but pass me a condom. Easier cleanup that way.” John said around a smile, glad to see Sherlock wanted it as badly as he did. Sherlock settled on his elbows as he watched John wrap the latex around his cock. Giving himself a few slow strokes he looked up at Sherlock and brushed his thumb over Sherlock’s knee. He didn’t say it out loud, but Sherlock could see the question in John’s eyes. With a single nod, Sherlock lowered himself back to the bed and relaxed his legs.
“Pass me the lube?”
“You really don’t like him, do you?” John did his best not to laugh. His boyfriend, after all, had just been kidnapped by men who intended on selling him to Jim Moriarty. But it felt nice to release some of his anxiety with Greg. Plus, he was sure that the next hour would hold plenty for him to be anxious about without searching for it now.
It helped to feel the slight tremor in Sherlock’s body at the connection, knowing that
"It's either that or allow you to be a cock tease." Sherlock retorted while slowly pushing down on John's cock, stopping when the first hint of pain made him wince. "Hm. That's my limit, I think."
“It will be brief, I assure you, John.” Mycroft’s face paled as the meaning of John’s words settled in around him. By now he would have been told about the drugs. He’d know that Sherlock’s ability to fight or escape on his own would be hindered immensely thanks to that one wrench in their plan.
Sherlock nodded solemnly. He’d noticed the blemishes but wasn’t sure if John was aware.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but humored John by drinking half of the contents. He pressed it back into John’s hands with a look that said,
“Good god, you’ve turned into my mother,” John joked, his giggles impeding his ability to talk without his voice cracking. “She’d also serve mash with onion gravy. We only ever ate the broccoli under threat of being grounded.”
Sherlock’s soft snuffling turned into a soft moan. He pulled himself out of his pondering and watched in rapt fascination as the first hints of awareness flickered across Sherlock’s features. Sherlock’s eyebrows were the first of his features to stir; they furrowed in confusion as John’s presence became known. Then, his hand reached out to brush against the bare skin of John’s hip, and a smile stretched out across his face.
It wasn’t that he was ashamed of this particular kink. He was proud of his ability and of the reputation he’d once held within the society. It was one thing for Sherlock to look at him in disgust after a night spent with a date. Another to know that the look of disdain was directly related to his fetish.
“Like I want another hit,” Sherlock admitted as he rested his chin on his knees and cradled his mug of tea. “That’s the problem with cocaine. Its effects are short-lived. I never meant to become addicted to it, I just wanted the freedom it gave me.”
“You would make a formidable enemy, John Watson,” Mycroft said with a touch of admiration. “However, your bravery might just get you into trouble one day.”
He narrowed his eyes at the newcomer before remembering that he was trying to be polite. He schooled his features and put on a mask of indifference.
“Yes, I get it, you don’t want me to see you until you’re fully dressed…” John smiled, some of the anxiety sliding off his shoulders when he saw the excited look in Sherlock’s eyes. Whatever happened tonight, Sherlock was determined to have a good time. After all, John was giving him a night of semi-public sex, and he intended to enjoy every second of it.
“I’ve got you,” Sherlock said the first thing that came to mind, pausing for a moment as a smile crept over his face.
“Just a moment, ta.” John nodded towards the club owner, then squatted down in front of Sherlock, bracing himself with one hand on Sherlock’s thigh. He spoke quickly. “Ropes are going here, here, and across here.” He said, dragging a finger along Sherlock’s hip bone and between his thighs. “I’ll split the rope like a harness, so it doesn’t squash your bits. Just uh… tuck them up while I’m working, yeah?”
Here we have the start of a case that might be the death of me. I've bitten off more than I can chew, but not in a bad way. This is really showing me how important a plan is, so I can tie in little details that will all make sense later. Hopefully I can pull this off, because this case will be important in the long run.
"Ah, so he hasn't told you that I've spoken with James Moriarty. At length."
“You may ask for help as well. I hadn’t considered that.” John said, amending the no speaking rule. “If your knees need a break, you may sit or lay face-up on the floor.”
“Thought you said it was called Bondage Tour,” John asked with confusion.
Cocking his head John stares down at his handiwork. Sherlock’s cock is flush inside the metal cage. Skin pushes out between the cracks as his cock tries to fill out but meets resistance. It’s a little crooked, his cock tilting a bit more to the left than normal, but John nods in satisfaction. Sherlock can tell that he wants to touch, to tease the trapped flesh. But he remains composed and maintains his distance.
“And Theodore?” John asked, looking up from the notebook he’d taken out to jot down notes in. “Haven’t seen him since last month. He used to be in here weekly, loved suspension sex.” Elvio provided.
“I don’t know much about these girls, except that they all met online. On a forum for local kink curious people. Obviously, they became friends of one caliber or another and decided to meet up, choosing Night Goddess as their weekly destination. They drink together, dance together, and split up into pairs if they need the bathroom. Common, for young women who are still learning their way in this world.” Looking up, she smiled at John, who was dragging a small filing cabinet over. He placed it in the center of the gap, then lifted the tea tray from his chair and settled it there, gesturing to Zed and Paige to help themselves.
“Doms, are you ready?” Elvio asked John and Lydia, steering the conversation back on topic.
Holding up the infinity collar he asked the same question John had asked him before collaring him.
“Then do the scene with me, let me show them how perfect you are, how untouchable you are. God, Sherlock, please?”
“Did you pack it, was it in her flat?” Sherlock growled out, spinning on his heels to face the man, making his coat billow out behind him.
Four: OUTFITS AND COLLAR links below.
Instead, I saw a man who not only tolerated something most humans will never experience, but you came out the other side a stronger man.”
“What role does he play? Do we know?”
“Look at you,” John said, his voice a low grunt that sent an electric shock straight to Sherlock’s groin. “Hard and panting, exposed for anyone to see. God, you should have seen the crowd at Lotus staring at your crotch. But this is mine,” he growled, thrusting his erection against Sherlock’s hardened length to emphasise his meaning, “They could watch, but only I get to touch you.”
“Please, no more drugs…” Sherlock croaked as panic began to override his senses. “I can’t relapse, not after everything. I worked so hard to get clean and stay clean. You can’t do this to me.”
His eyes flicked down to her chest, where the red rose indicated her purpose for approaching him. If he happened to spot a bit of cleavage peeking out of her leather halter top, he didn’t let on as he looked back up to meet her gaze. Without thinking, he quickly broke eye contact to glance behind here, where Sherlock still stood in the shadows.
He had to circle around a row of flats to enter the narrow alley behind Baker Street, but the detour wasn’t unpleasant. The rain seemed to wash away some of the pollution in the air, and for a moment, he imagined he could smell his family’s farm. Freshly cut grass, damp soil, and something floral hit his nose as he approached the back of the flat.
remark, so he decided to enjoy himself. He was about to pull off, intending to simply slide his lips along the side of John’s shaft when John barked a command.
While it weird, to look up and see a group of men cheering them on for doing something as primitive as fucking and orgasming. John found he loved it. He loved seeing Sherlock so blissed out by something as simple as an audience. It was like his brilliant deductions, they were always more elaborate and showy when he had people’s attention. John smiled tiredly at the crowd before sitting down beside Sherlock and pulling him into his arms.
Taking a deep breath, Sherlock gathered what little courage he had left. He hoped his next words wouldn’t send John running from his bed, but they needed to be said. John was already aware of his past addiction, but he needed to know the depth of it if they were going to do this.
“Good,” Sherlock said firmly, then eyed John over the brim of his glass, “You mentioned something about doing a scene here? What exactly does that mean?”
“Extra shades in the glovebox.” Zed motioned, then gave John an approving thumbs up when John checked out his reflection in the mirror.
“Nor I. We had nearly everything for it, Mrs. Hudson provided the flour.” Sherlock shrugged by way of an excuse. “I fancied wowing you with my expert culinary prowess. But alas, I only know how to make comfort foods.”
“Yeah, that works,” John said as he tilted his head, watching how the shadows seemed more pronounced in the corners of his eyes, rather than directly under his eyes.
“Do I get to help?” Sherlock asked, watching as John began to write ‘
“Oh god, yes. I’m willing.” John said, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s lower back. “So very willing.”
“Most cases are peculiar if they find their way to me. I deal with what the police won't or can’t. Please, tell me your story, and I promise to listen.” Sherlock sat back in his chair, closed his eyes, and steepled his fingers below his nose. It took only a fraction of a second to clear his mind. Opening his eyes again, he regarded the Dominatrix with a cool gaze, nodding at her to begin.
“If you don’t like something, I will expect you to request an immediate end to it. No pushing yourself past your limits. That’s my job. Your job is to tell me when you’ve hit those limits, and we’ll either stop completely, or we’ll move to something else. I’m fine with penetrative sex, both anal and oral. No, you’re not the first man I’ve taken to bed.”
“Mom’s sister, Sandra. I still see her, but rarely.” John explained, leaning back against the sofa and closing his eyes again.
“It started six months ago,” Paige began, fighting with her skirt as the cushions tugged the fabric. Sherlock watched the movement and frowned. By her tan line or lack of one, he could tell that she was not afraid of showing skin.
“It’s like she’s telling us not to cry. That there’s life all around us.” John half expected Sherlock to scoff at that and tell him that Mrs Hudson hadn’t reincarnated herself as a pair of butterflies. But instead, Sherlock just squeezed his hand tightly and nodded.
Zed had admitted that first night,
“If we had lube, I’d fuck you.” John’s words sent a rush of excitement coursing through Sherlock. He was half tempted to push John away and ask to finish this at home where they had lube. But before he could make up his mind, John was stepping forward, pinning him to the wall with his hips. He’d somehow undone his fly without Sherlock realizing it, allowing the bare skin of his cock to push up against Sherlock.
“Oh… Oh, so,” John said haltingly as the implication drove home, “you’ll not want sex?”
“It’s perfect,” he said, running his thumb along the engraving. “Well made too.”
Sherlock had been suspiciously quiet after that. John didn’t receive a single text warning him of eyeballs in the microwave or tongues soaking in the bathroom sink. Typically John would have enjoyed the break and the ability to think clearly on his patients and not what horrors waited for him at home. However, this silence left him brimming with intrigue and excitement. As a  result, he caught his attention slipping more than once, wondering what his submissive had up his sleeve.
“Oh, trust me, Big Brother doesn’t like anything that has to do with sex.” John laughed, then filled Zed in on who Sherlock was and who and what his brother was.
“No one saw her leave,” Paige said, answering Sherlock’s last question first, “Only one out of the remaining seven seemed worried. Moon Young was not always active on the forum. No one has heard from her over the past week, though. Sam said it was odd because her birthday had been on Thursday, and Moon Young never wished her a happy birthday.”
“Oh, it would be my pleasure, Captain,” Lydia said when Zed gave her a single nod of approval. “What would you have me do.”
“Ahem,” Greg cleared his throat, drawing the landlord’s attention back to himself, “he isn’t wrong.” He adds, rather than telling Sherlock off for his interference.
“If Doctor Watson would check his phone, he’ll find a message from me requesting a time change. Inspector Lestrade needs my support in a few hours, so it was necessary to meet with you earlier.” Mycroft called back while his footsteps carried him down the hall back towards the kitchen.
“You’re pushing your luck,” Sherlock said in a threatening growl, though his body betrayed him and pushed into John’s nuzzling even as he let out a content sigh.
” Sherlock said, sliding off of the bed with a smirk.
in our circle. Most of us prefer to keep the actual act of sex out of our clubs. Most of us have seen enough to know it can be dangerous to let amateurs practice. On our property, any accidents become our responsibility. But these two, well, they embrace it. You walk in, and it’s just… sex. Everywhere you look.”
“Mmm,” John hummed, sending a series of pleasant vibrations down Sherlock’s erection.
“He would derive too much pleasure out of that, John. No, this arrangement is far more enjoyable than having Mycroft breathe down my back or come anywhere near my finances.” Sherlock finally looked up. The screen illuminated his face, but due to its proximity on his lap, the light cast dark shadows on his cheekbones and orbital cavity, giving him a haunted look.
“Mm, that and I love the way you look at me when you see it in public. It’s like someone has lit a fire behind your irises.”
“While you are wearing this,” John said, holding up the hood, “will remain completely silent, barring any emergencies or direct questions posed to you. Do you understand?”
The notion was so intense that Sherlock looked down and wiggled his toes, imagining he could feel the pressure of heavy sand pushing him further into the floorboards.
“After Papa gives his little speech, you can chase them,” Sherlock promised. He took her hand, and together they followed John towards the freshly dug hole in the ground.
I wrote it so I would have it, and figured some of you might enjoy seeing it.
He might not have been able to follow John into the bathroom fast enough but simply having shown John that he understood would have been enough. Quick as he could, without hurting himself, Sherlock got to his feet and began to shuffle over the short distance to where he’d last heard John. It wasn’t easy, shuffling one foot in front of the other, but he managed it without a complaint.
“A sex room?” John laughed, and his expression grew wistful. “I thought I was too old for a sex dungeon.”
John tossed the flogger onto the ottoman and dragged his nails up Sherlock’s back before taking a step back and surveying his partner. A line of precome hung from the tip of Sherlock’s cock, swaying in the air with every ragged breath Sherlock sucked in. Some had already collected in a small puddle on the floor, the sight of which made John’s cock jump in his trousers. Reaching up, John released Sherlock’s wrists.
“Flip over,” Sherlock demanded, pulling out with a slick pop and prodding John’s thigh. “On your knees.”
“Actually, if you would allow me to speak,” Mycroft said tersely the moment John shut his mouth, “Speaking of consent. You should be made aware of Sherlock’s past relationships. One in particular. My brother tends to bottle things up or avoid past mistakes.” Mycroft winced when John shoved a finger under his nose
She handed over two white flowers made of silk and two safety pins. They stepped out of the way, allowing her to help the people in line behind them. John’s nose twitch as he held up the pin, eyeing Sherlock’s shirt doubtfully,
Another round of drinks and greasy pup food later, John saw Zed motioning to them from across the room. He downed the last swig of his beer then stood up, reaching out for Sherlock’s hand. “Ready?”
“More,” he whispered encouragingly, sensing Sherlock’s apprehension through his movements. “Push inside me.” Though Sherlock’s mouth muffled his words, Sherlock understood. Above him, his body relaxed, and his tongue resumed its exploration. John moaned encouragingly as Sherlock’s finger pushed through his tight knot of muscles, breaching his most intimate area with mindful movements.
“That might be my new favorite sentence,” John said softly, pulling his hand away. His heart echoed Sherlock’s soft whimper when the physical contact broke. “I know,” he whispered and leaned down to press a gentle kiss to the space between Sherlock’s eyes. “The desire to touch you is remarkable, but let me put this on you.”
Sherlock occupied his time waiting for Mycroft to leave by regarding his room with a critical eye. Items from his and John’s kit lay scattered across his room, his bed was a mess, and the musky scent of sex permeated the air. The day was surprisingly sunny, which allowed him to open his window a crack. Their heavy breakfast had made him feel sluggish, and the fresh breeze blew from outside invigorated Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded once to show he understood, and John rewarded him with a warm smile.
“Take me upstairs. Distract me. I can avoid this
“But you have an idea, don’t you?”
“Mm, helps keep them from going into shock.” John agreed, remembering the time he had helped his aunt plant peas in a thunderstorm. It had been good fun for a child, getting his hands dirty and watching seedlings grow to full plants before his eyes.
“But if he were? You know how some people can be too afraid to take the leap.”
"Freeing," Sherlock said instantly. "My whole life I've struggled to quiet my mind… hence the overdosed state you first found me in. When I give control over to John, it allows me to shut down my mind without worrying about my safety. I know, whatever happens, he has my back."
“They love you nearly as much as I do. I can see the want and lust in their eyes.”
“You’ve seen the worst of humanity, John, and still you have a kind heart.” Sherlock slipped off the chair and knelt on the floor before John. Your submissive or not, I am thankful to be here with you. Until yesterday, I was willing to simply exist in the same space as you. Should you decide that a relationship with me is not what you want, I will go back to being happy with that.”
"So what then, we let him walk free?" John asked angrily, his voice a deep growl matching the scowl on his face.
“Ahh, John,” Sherlock’s voice rumbled out as John pushed his way into their kitchen. “How was my brother?”
“You can ask me anything you’d like, but no promises on the name-calling,” Zed started to say as he pulled up to a traffic light. He turned to look at John and frowned at the concerned look his friend was giving the car in front of them. “Shoot, yeah, what is it?”
"What's it like? This submissive thing?" Greg asked a short time later while they were sitting in traffic for what felt like the fifth time since leaving New Scotland Yard. Sherlock made a mental note to ask Mycroft how many traffic blocks or construction workers were his men. "And spare me the graphic details. Please."
“Sherlock,” John purred, rolling his hips up to meet Sherlock’s first tentative thrust, “Sherlock, oh god.”
“I’m not done. You can wait. You should know by now, Mycroft, that you don’t scare me. If anything, I find you annoying. I don’t tolerate bullies, which leads me to my last point. Mycroft, your brother’s sex life is
getting to show off your baby.” John laughed as he climbed and squinted up at the sun.
“Zed, why don’t we get to the point of this visit.” Sherlock began, then half-rolled his eyes when John’s grip tightened a fraction. “Forgive me; I haven’t had a case in some time. My excitement got the best of me. I can tell by the state of your cuticles that something is bothering you. Something happened last night after John and I went home. What was it? Did someone get murdered?.”
“God you’re sexy,” John said moments before his lips wrapped around the tip of Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock let out a moan which grew in volume when John swiped his tongue alongside the base of Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock let the phone slip from his hands and reached down to stroke a hand through John’s hair.
“Your best guess, Greg,” Sherlock encourages quietly.
Taxi’s with a child who still required a booster seat were less than ideal. It was legal for Rosie to sit on John’s lap in a cab, but the protective father in him didn’t like doing that. They’d appropriated one of Mycroft’s retired town cars not long after John had moved back into the flat. It was safe than the hatchback Mary had picked out and took up less space inside the city. Its black exterior felt fitting as John buckled Rosie in and kissed her forehead before sliding into the passenger seat. Sherlock silently extended his hand, and John took it, weaving their fingers together as they each borrowed strength from the other.
John had wanted so badly to say yes. He couldn’t remember the last time denying a blowjob had caused him so much regret. He longed to right that wrong, to feel Sherlock’s lips wrapped around him. Would his tongue be as devious applied to his cock as it was with words? John could only hope that, indeed, it would be.
Sherlock opened his eyes to find John, dressed in one of his silk dressing gowns hovering over him. Disoriented, he blinked and scrubbed a hand over his face. When his eyes finally met John’s his lover’s face relaxed, some of the panic in his eyes fading when he realized Sherlock was awake.
“Whatever happens, don’t forget
“Wrist,” John said. He stuffed one of the two cuffs between his knees, then took Sherlock’s right hand in his.He unlocked Sherlock’s leather bracelet, then replaced it with the cuff. As he fastened the second cuff on, he nodded. A plan forming in his mind. “Mm, that sounds plausible. Basic punishments would still apply, but no strikes towards earning your final collar. How about we pick a day once this case is over.”
to be put in chastity?”
Burying his head against Sherlock’s shoulder for support, John reached down with his right hand. Spitting into his palm, he took himself in hand. Pressing the tip of his cock against Sherlock’s belly, he brought himself to the edge of his orgasm, then, with a rough grunt, came across Sherlock’s stomach.
Moving as far away from Sherlock as the chain allowed, John motioned for Lydia to stand in front of him. Taking her wrists in his hands, he twisted her arms behind her back, holding them tightly just below her shoulder blades.
“Most of it, yeah. These are
John murmured as he settled on his stomach between Sherlock’s legs. He kept one hand on Sherlock’s cock, slowly teasing the head while he worked two fingers inside. By the time John had three fingers inside, copious rivulets of precome were sliding down John’s knuckles and along Sherlock’s shaft. Sherlock’s whole body vibrated with the need to move, but he remained still as John teased his prostate. When he couldn’t take it any longer he half sat up and gave John a scathing look.
See! I promised nothing too terrible would happen. While I LOVE to read angst (even major death) I can't seem to write major angst without John going "Fuck you, Tindo, I'm saving him because your plan sucks"
“And my muscles ache.” Sherlock complained, “I hate this part.”
“Zed, can I ask you something without you calling me a pantywaist?” John asked after a few moments of silence.
“I can imagine,” Mycroft drawled with a tilt of his head. Once John was buckled, he lifted a hand and signaled the driver to continue with a slight flick of his wrist.
John scrambled out of the car as fast as he could. He was just rounding the boot, shouting Sherlock’s name, when he witnessed his partner being pushed into a delivery van not fifty yards away.
John regarded his friend with unabashed curiosity. His once jet black hair now had more white in it, creating a salt and pepper look. He was still fit, a burly man who'd always taken pride in his physique, so it didn't surprise John to see him in good nick. Once a stern and serious expression used to dominate his features, now a broad and genuine smile graced his face. John smiled approvingly at the change.
“Good, now come to bed and eat.” John was not subtle about readjusting his erection, nor did he squash the desire to touch Sherlock, who was unsteady on his feet. Placing a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, he guided the dazed man to the edge of the bed, then stroked his thigh as he settled against the headboard.
“You’re covered in bruises, so I would say no. No, they were not gentle with you. I’m just sorry I didn’t get a chance to shoot anyone.”
John caught himself by placing a hand on Sherlock's head. His strong fingers scraped along Sherlock's scalp, threatening to throw off his concentration. Sherlock felt his jaw go slack, and his back relax.
“Guys,” He calls, “This is Moon Young’s mother… She says she never came home last night, which is something she’s never done. Let’s get that report in, shall we? Can you get me in touch with the club owner?”
But if this was the price he had to pay to spend every day feeling loved and cherished, then so be it. In the end, a bit of heartache certainly didn’t outway the overabundance of love and joy he felt now having a family.
“That’s an excellent idea,” John said, laughing when Sherlock rolled his eyes, silently saying
, he thought. As if sensing his desire, she flashed him a wicked grin before turning her attention to the computer to check their database for his name.
“Some bastard said something about you I didn’t like. I put him in his place. He insinuated you were a sissy, just because you’re fucking gorgeous.” John plopped down hard on the booth across from Sherlock and handed over Sherlock’s drink.
“Admittedly, I was too high most of the time to care much at that point. Which, in retrospect, is why it took me so long to realize the gravity of my first experience with a Dom.”
“Ready, Sir.”
Greg fell silent for another minute, clearly listening to chatter on his earpiece then looked around the room with an interested glint in his eye.
“Would you have taken them back to the flat or gone over theirs?” Sherlock asked a moment later. While the words had no real bite behind them, John sensed something dark lurking in Sherlock’s eyes.
Once Moon Young was on her feet, Greg turned to John and gave him a sour smile. “John, Sherlock reverts back to being a kid when he’s high. Just felt I should warn you. It can come as a shock, hearing him like that.”
A short while later John was staring at himself in the mirror. Sherlock sat on the bed, all but gawking at John. Sherlock had insisted on a bit of stage makeup. Nothing extravagant or bold, but a subtle smokey eye with a hint of eyeliner on the lower lash line. While he felt like a slightly altered carbon copy of himself, John couldn’t deny that the makeup made the look more striking. He wasn’t just a man dressed in expensive leather, he was a man dressed in expensive leather who demanded your attention.
“You’re too clever for me, can’t have you weaseling your way out of something and get away on it on a technicality.”
“You sound like me when we’re upstairs.” John let out a weak laugh and squeezed Sherlock’s leg.
don’t know him like
“Ta,” John said, smiling as he uncapped the pen and leafed through Sherlock’s notes until he found an empty page. He doodled in the top corner for a few seconds, sipping on his tea and collecting his thoughts. Sherlock sat patiently beside him and simply observed.
John pulled Sherlock’s legs apart, then knelt between his thighs. Bending low he wrapped his mouth around Sherlock’s cock and let his tongue swirl around the head before hollowing his cheeks.
“All of your don’ts are fine with me, however as already stated, no hot wax due to the heat. I promise now that I will not push myself, that if I am not enjoying something, or it just isn’t working at the moment, I will say something. I have the advantage of already trusting you explicitly, but my safeword is Jelly Babies. I enjoy public sex, again it goes back to the danger factor. Doing something where you’re not supposed to be. I enjoy being collared full time, being made to do small tasks while in my kit. I own cuffs, a collar, and a leather harness. All locking, of course. I will hand over all copies of the keys to you tonight if you wish.”
"Last three of the registration plate was 257," Zed said as he handed the handkerchief over.
“Zed, are we tying off or being spotters?”
The thought repeated itself repeatedly, which he knew was his irrational way of ignoring the genuine threat the man might have become had he managed to get Sherlock alone. The thought unsettled him just enough that he let himself believe that John’s possessiveness had simply gotten out of hand. In all his visits to Lotus, the patrons had been nothing but respectful, the atmosphere designed to be as inclusive as possible with the rose system.
One...
“Oh god, yeah. Yeah, I want to. Want to feel you throb against my tongue.” With a few more shallow thrusts, John’s grip tightened on Sherlock’s hips and he let out a strangled cry. Sherlock nearly came from the sound alone but managed to squeeze the base of his cock and hold off his orgasm. John barely gave himself time to recover, just a few half uttered swears and a broken laugh, before he was lifting Sherlock’s hips up and guiding him onto his back again.
” A small laugh escaped Greg’s lips as he shook his head. “I might not be as smart as Sherlock, but I can put two and two together. I am a sodding Detective after all.”
“Twenty-four hours.” John said, looking at his watch, “Tomorrow afternoon. We’ll round down and say One pm.”
On the second line, John wrote,
“Point taken.” Sherlock grumbled, nodding his head in understanding, “help me search for the charger?”
“Lift your head,” he said gently. When Sherlock did as he was asked, John sat where his head had been, then delicately guided Sherlock to rest his head on his lap. Once Sherlock was comfortable, John began stroking his finger down the bridge of Sherlock’s nose, while his other hand gently worked through messy curls. Sherlock instantly relaxed under his care. No longer coiled, as if ready for a fight, Sherlock melted into the cushions and uttered a slow sigh.
Without hesitation, Sherlock nodded once, then tracked John as he moved across the room. He watched as John took his time, running his hands over the selection of whips hanging in the closet. Finally, after going back and forth between the riding crop and a leather-coated paddle, John picked up the riding crop.
Disclaimer:
“Yes, I get the hint, Sherlock.” Mycroft sighed, “You don’t need me interfering this time. You and John seem to have things under control.”
“If you can hit subspace by the end of the replay, I’ll give you a massage when we get home.”
John watched, fascinated, as a single beam of sunlight slipped through a crack in the curtain and lit up Sherlock’s face with a golden hue. It transformed his skin from pale and ethereal to a healthy glow, casting him in soft edges and making him appear years younger.
The realization came to Sherlock in a grey haze. Thoughts slipped through his mind half-formed. Whenever he reached out to grab one it would split into three different thoughts and float away. All he was able to gather was he’d been thrown onto something cold and hard. Possibly a floor in a basement somewhere, judging by the grit digging into his skin and the cold leaching out what little body heat he had left.
“So what now?” John asked after a few minutes of silence.
“Why don’t I go ask if we can take the boxes? I can get a team to go through the contents, and you can come back to my office and go through the computer.”
Sherlock smirked in agreement, happy as always for a chance to show off. Much to the room's delight, he held the position with ease as John removed the rope harness and undid the rest of the bindings.
“Now that you’re collared, and I can give you orders again,” John lectured, his tone stern and absolute, “let’s get one thing straight. When collared, you are
"Yeah, they are," John agrees, and he means it wholeheartedly.
“My next suit is going to have velcro seams, so I can just rip it off,” Sherlock claimed happily, already heading for the bedroom.
Elvio was a short man with tawny skin and dark hair. He reminded John of Antonio Banderas in his earlier years, though Elvio sported a thick, though neatly trimmed, beard. His accent was thick, indicating he hadn’t been in England long. Meanwhile, his husband, Matt, was as Scottish as the Scottish came. With flaming red hair and flashing eyes that hinted at a hidden temper.
“Gladstone?”
“Alright, quick fondle, then I’ll send them packing.” John agreed then went back to stand behind Sherlock while stroking his cock through his trousers. He could see Greg in the crowd, their eyes met and Greg gave him a thumbs up before returning to scanning the growing throng of people. Turning his attention to Lydia and Zed, John saw that they’d already begun. Lydia was already in the process of running a flogger down Zed’s back. Reverting his focus back to Sherlock, John picked up his flogger then stepped back to inspect his submissive.
“The goal is fifteen minutes, or first Submissive to give up,” John called out, with Zed nodding in agreement. As much as John wanted to glance over at Lydia and watch Zed’s sub work, he kept his eyes focused on Sherlock.
“I’m going to touch you, take you out of your trousers right here. If someone pops out for a fag, or looks out their windows, there’s a chance we might be seen. Do you like that, Pet?”
“Oh… you mean this?” Sherlock asked, running the pad of his finger over the firm expanse he’d found deep inside John.
“Mm, can we do this again please?” Sherlock asked while snaking his arms around John’s torso. “Minus one psychopath?”
"I'm just surprised, that's all," Greg said after his heart had a chance to return to a normal rhythm. "
“You know, John? I think you might be right.” Sherlock lifted their hands up and brushed his lips against John’s knuckles. “Come on, let’s go home.”
“Seriously though, did Mycroft kidnap all of your boyfriends, or am I just special?”
“How’s that plug doing?” John asked, winking over at Jesper who didn’t seem at all phased by the two men as he began taking measurements.
“Come on, so close. Let go, love. Give in, I’ve got you.” John breathed out loud enough for those closest to the platform to hear. Voices soon joined in, egging Sherlock on with delighted amusement.
“But first…” John murmured, rising to his feet and stepping into Sherlock’s personal space, “Kiss me. I want our first kiss to be just us.”
Mycroft nodded solemnly, his eyes sliding to John’s shoulder. Pursing his lips, his gaze grew distant. After a moment, he regained his focus and said in a whisper, “I’m glad my brother has chosen you as his companion. He does better with someone by his side,  though he’ll never admit it. Your influence over these past months has proven instrumental in his happiness. Now,” he said, folding his hands over his lap and cocking his head teasingly to one side, “if only you could get him to call home once in a while. Mummy does love to hear from him.”
“I do, because you are not him, John. You are the man who has proven himself to be on my side since the moment you lent me your phone at Bart’s. And you only cemented that proof further the very next day when you shot the cabbie.”
"Well, she’s the one who sent me that
“Yes, Captain.” Sherlock grinned and chuckled softly at the fire his words had kindled within John. With this newest title, John’s eyes seemed to smolder, and judging by how he shifted in his seat, his trousers had suddenly become too tight. “Though, if I might ask for a boon. I do like to dance. Any chance I can take an
“Yeah, I do.” John smiled, doing his best to pour every ounce of how
“Can you come for me?” Sherlock asked around heavy pants. “I’m so close. You feel so good.”
Sherlock’s thighs tense, and he locked his knees as the pressure built until he couldn’t hold it anymore. Pressing the back of his head against the brick wall, he opened his mouth in a silent scream, his fingers scraping desperately against the rough wall.
“This is new,” Sherlock commented, leaning his shoulder against the wall.
“You’re right.” John nodded once then scrubbed his palm over his face. “Right. Where’s Lestrade? Is he here yet?”
“I need to get in touch with my network, then once Mycroft has more addresses for me, I intend to interview Lilianne and Moon Young’s friends.”
“Will we be checking the club out after?” John asked as they neared their destination.
“Mycroft? Oh god, I don’t hate the bloke, but I certainly don’t
John rocked the base of his empty bottle in a slow circle along the surface of the table as he pondered that sudden thought. What then, indeed? There was no denying the attraction or unspoken tension that crackled like electricity whenever they were close. But what would he do if Sherlock Holmes approached him as a submissive, completely rocking their dynamic of
"You mean I can…" Sherlock trailed off, his eyes dropping to stare at the tip of his cock, hovering over John's entrance.
John’s head snapped up, considering the possibility that Sherlock was here for his own genuine pleasure.
“Excuse me?” John barked, eyes flashing a dangerous warning. “You wha-? Aahh, fuck.”
“I hadn’t even considered that other clubs might have experienced the same thing,” John uttered, sucking on his teeth in thought. “Why don’t I call up Zed, and he and I can go chat with some other club owners? You take Greg to Lilianne’s once we get her address, and we’ll compare notes later?”
John gently deposited Sherlock back on the chair and motioned for him to wait in front of everyone. Collecting Sherlock’s socks and shoes, he knelt at Sherlock’s feet and reached for a sock. In a low whisper, as he picked up one of Sherlock’s feet and began replacing his sock, he said, “You wanted me on my knees, so here I am. You earned this.” He then took his time putting Sherlock’s shoes and socks on, tying the laces with quick proficiency.
“You’re awfully happy these last few days,” Sarah said as she unwrapped her sandwich. “Did you get laid or something?”
“What, spanking as a punishment is too good for you?” Sherlock griped, outwardly unhappy but secretly pleased at John’s list of punishments. They were creative, with just the right amount of denial and humiliation to make Sherlock think twice before stepping out of line. They showed him that John could think outside of the box and that brute force wasn’t his fallback punishment.
He just managed to stop himself from snorting, as he considered the possible variations John’s imagination would dig up.
a housekeeper. She was the best damn housekeeper I’ve ever not had.”
“Mm, for a particularly annoying sub who had the bad grace to make me wait.” John dragged his eyes down Sherlock’s body as he spoke, taking in the way the leather clung to his legs like a second skin. It did very little to maintain Sherlock’s modesty, and John felt more than one pair of jealous eyes fall on him when Sherlock sat down and picked up the drink.
Pulling his phone out of his pocket Sherlock fires off a series of texts, then looks up at the Detective Inspector, “She’s on her way. Greg, I’m going to need access to her computer.” At a gentle judge from John, Sherlock turned to the middle-aged woman. He bowed politely before adding, “If that’s alright with you, Mrs. Kato.”
“Mycroft. I received it the moment we stepped out of the cab.”
Ten minutes of walking later, they find themselves strolling through a quiet park. Sherlock watched with interest as John spun in a circle, looking at their surroundings. After a moment he stopped and held out his hand. Coming to a stop in the middle of the path, Sherlock pocketed his mobile and regarded John with a steady gaze.
“Crime scenes are nice too,” John chuckled, “though, I’ll take this over a body any day.”
He selected the red shirt, then from the box of pocket squares withdrew one in a matching red. They weren’t the same scarlet as his color, but he imagined the connection was obvious enough. Finishing the ensemble, he laid everything out in the bed and was just sitting down when the water shut off with a clang.
He released Sherlock’s hair for a split second, delving his fingers deeper into luscious locks, then grabbed a more substantial handful. With a sharp twist of his wrist, he guided Sherlock’s face up, so their gaze met. Sherlock’s eyes were wide, his pupils dilated, and his mouth hung open in surprise, but it was the blush tinting his cheeks pink that set John’s heart racing. “To cover any basic loopholes you might come up with, this includes but is not limited to touching yourself in any way, shape, or form, on any part of your body, that could make you orgasm. Layman's terms, erogenous zones are off-limits unless I say otherwise. Is that understood?”
“Got you more gingernuts. At this point I should just write to the company and have them shipped here by the case.” John teased, tossing Sherlock a package of his favourite sweets. “I shouldn’t encourage it, but watching you eat your weight in junk food is rather entertaining.”
“I’ll pass the word to other club owners,” Matt said helpfully, have them reach out to your copper if they’ve noticed anything.”
“Mate, that night Sherlock was going all moon-eyed over how the shooter had to be a man with high morals, nerves of steel, and a whole lot of other bollocks. Then he took one tiny fucking glance over to where you stood with your arms folded behind your back and claims
into it, but I’m glad we did. It was that, or we’d both sit there and pine over each other for the next year before one of us dies from sheer want.”
“Be safe, be good.” He said, kissing Sherlock’s forehead once more before standing up and reaching for his jacket.
“Starving. Let me just go change,” John requested apologetically as he let go of Sherlock and took a step back. As quick as his tired body allowed him, he headed up the second flight of stairs. While he’d slept in Sherlock’s room the last four nights, his clothing and personal effects were still upstairs. He dressed quickly, throwing on a pair of jeans and a casual t-shirt, then headed back to the kitchen, where Sherlock was in the process of placing a casserole dish on the table.
“If you think flirting with me is going to make me forget how bossy you were while collared,” John began, giving Sherlock’s arse a quick slap. Not hard, but just hard enough to make the plug shift and Sherlock squeak.
“None, other than I want you to relax and not fret about what’s going on in here. Now go. It’s rude to keep visitors waiting.”
“You are insufferably bossy, John Watson,” Sherlock grumped, though the smile on his face assured John that he was not at all bothered.
“Nothing, John. Just talking out loud to myself.” Sherlock called back, “Hurry up, my mind is wandering again.”
“Right,” he said a few minutes later, carrying their food on a tray, “hope you’ll eat this. I made eg- oh. Oh…” John nearly lost his grip on the tray. Dressed only in a pair of purple boxers, Sherlock knelt on the floor beside the bed. His hands were held out, palms up. He was holding out the red collar and the lock. When John entered, he bowed his head, staring at a spot just beyond his knees. He was, at that moment, the perfect image of a submissive.
"Well you know how I feel about sampling the product so close to home," The Snake said, instilling a hint of a growl into his voice, "Now give me your money and scram. Your face is too well known to let you hang about."
"Ready?" Sherlock asked as he came into the living room, holding Rosie's hand.
“What happened, what did he say, and more importantly, how did you get rid of him,” Sherlock asked, his eyes darting over John’s face, searching for any clues.
“Detective Lestrade will be our liaison with the Met, should you require anything please refer to him. Likewise, whatever he or Captain Watson require, you are to give them.”
His options were white, pink, something that was trying to be gold but came off more like mustard and red. John had worn the white shirt, and while it had been laundered, Sherlock understood the distaste of not wearing the same thing in front of the same audience. Though the likelihood that no one would notice was high, John would know, and that was enough to make Sherlock pass over the crisp white shirt.
“Otto and Theodore.” Elvio said instantly, “They were regulars here, both submissives.”
In stark contrast to his own, John’s showers were never long or luxurious. The only luxury he took was when he’d indulge in a wank. Which, as a rule, was never more than three times a week. On the other hand, Sherlock would test the limits of the ancient water heater with each shower. He enjoyed turning the bathroom into a steam room so much that if you were to look at the far wall behind the sink, you could see where the wallpaper was beginning to curl up off the wall.
“However, in both scenarios, there is one common element. One that is already there when you ask me to eat or sleep. I feel…” Sherlock trailed off, waving a hand emphatically through the air as he searched for the correct word.
“Watson, John… Here we are. Oh! It’s been a while.” Delight sang through her voice as she read over the computer screen. Not for the first time, John wondered what tidbits of information regarding his time in the club had been squirreled away inside his profile. Through speaking with the owner, he knew that they collected data on their guests. Home address, desired role, and their behaviour within the club.
"Mmm!" John sighed, stretching his back and rolling his head to half bury his face in the blanket. "God, yes, Sherlock. Oh god, I can feel you."
“I can knock this back in one sip, but it isn’t often you splurge on me like this,” Sherlock continued coyly, taking another small sip of his drink. “Do I have time to savor it?”
“Yes, my Dominant, I do.”
“All of them exhibited this habit?” Sherlock leaned forward in his chair, letting his hands drop to his thighs.
“We’ll add to those as well, but that should cover the basics for now.” John read over the paper once, then gave a half shrug. “Let’s start with this, and I’ll work on a full contract for us for next week, highlighting my responsibilities, what is expected of you, how we’ll handle ourselves around friends or clients. This week, let’s just focus on the basics. That’ll give me a better idea of what’s needed.”
“I couldn’t go back, not now. I’ve seen you, Sherlock. Witnessed the way your body reacts to my touch. I’ve heard your moans and tasted your lips. There is no going back from that. Not now, not ever.”
him.” Cautiously Greg glanced up to the driver to see if the man found offence in his words. However, their driver didn’t as much as take his eyes off the road, let alone show he’d even heard Greg.
“You do,” Sherlock said, smirking as he stretched out on the bed. “I would be willing to go for a dance or two. Then I’d quite like to come home and try this again. So many positions, the variables are nearly unlimited.”
“Maybe.”
“My Captain, speechless,” Sherlock muttered, enthralled by the sight. He dug his fingers into the meatier flesh of John’s rump, pulling John back to meet his forward thrust. John whimpered something incoherent and rolled his head against the mattress.
“Pity, that would have been a funny tan line to explain to Lestrade.” For a single moment, Sherlock looked disappointed but smiled when he realized that John was giving him permission to collar him for the whole week. “But, I suppose I can make use of the time we spend indoors.”
“Or… not covering it.” John teased, a bit more comfortable with Greg jumping straight into poking fun at Sherlock. He glanced over at  Sherlock, who was currently sitting on the ottoman with his legs crossed at the knee and gave him his first excited smile of the night.
“Stop
"Good. I'm afraid my brother will try to play the part of a hero. He'll try to take down Moriarty without dragging anyone else into his web. Including you. Sherlock might pull away, might distance himself from you. As much as it will hurt, John I need you to allow this. Allow Sherlock to think he's succeeding in facing Moriarty alone." Mycroft gave John an apologetic smile as the former army captain came to terms with his implications.
“That is the goal, John,” Sherlock winked, then bent down for a kiss, “If you’re willing.”
Sherlock furrowed his brows at John at the mention of a contract. A jolt of something shot through his body, pooling in his stomach. Nervousness, excitement, fear? He couldn’t tell. Sensing the tension in his friend, John waved a hand in the air between him, staving off any comment Sherlock was about to make.
“Fine,” Sherlock snapped. John gently nudges his foot against Sherlock’s, and he sighs. “Fine,” he repeated, softening his tone.
"Any time you like, Sherlock. I meant what I said. I'm yours."
“I don’t keep needles in my kit anymore,” John said carefully, “haven’t since I found out you used to use. Which arm?” He asked, smoothing his fingers over Sherlock’s shoulder blade.
“Top down, hair up!” Zed grinned, revving the engine.
“Yes, I said this is about your pleasure. But you need to understand one thing, Submissive.” John’s fingers gripped Sherlock’s chin, tilting Sherlock’s hooded face towards his. “If I’ve given you an order, I expect it to be followed by a
“What is Regulation?” John asked with a curious tilt of his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
The scent of John’s cologne pressed in around Sherlock. Then, without warning, John’s lips were on his neck, and his hips were moving. The fingers of John’s left hand reached up and wrapped around the chain on his collar.
She was the heart of their universe—the voice of reason when Baker Street was full of bickering. The soft knock in the middle of the night when Rosie was teething, offering whiskey to help soothe her gums. To John, she was more vital to them than the Queen was to England.
“Does he do that often?” Zed asked, sounding worried.
"Of course you don't feel good. They've drugged you. Do you remember?" John asked, gently easing Sherlock's head back so he could get a clear look at Sherlock's eyes.
slow her down. She was also the goddamn scariest woman in all of London, all while giving you that charming smile. I once walked into the flat only to discover that she’d been holding a would-be criminal by gunpoint for the better part of an hour. When I offered to take over so she could call the cops, she told me not to be an idiot and to call myself.”
“That they get spanked,” Sherlock smirked, waving a hand absently through the air.
