“Yes.”
Kororā, Vela explains, was the Mother of Flight, Goddess of all winged creatures. Daughter of Atutahi, of the constellation Carina, and Kapua, Mother of the Skies, she was the protector of all penguins, everywhere. At one time she walked among them, but now, Vela says, sorrow heavy on her tongue, she dwells only in the stars above them.
“Your markings have come in, too, but yours are so soft, like the lightest of whispers. Gods, Sherlock, I want to – I want to –”
“It is absolutely beyond me that you are the smartest person I've ever met, the most intelligent, scholarship-winning, Harvard-attending, organic-chemistry-forensic-science-wizard probably on the entire planet, and yet, you also happen to be the singular biggest dumbass I've ever met.”
“If I go, he goes.”
“The two of you. Thick as thieves. Always were. You haven’t heard the last of this, John.” She flicked her napkin at him and pushed back from the table. “Your dad missed lunch. He’s probably still over there lovin’ up that new baler.”
“Good morning, Johnling.”
“Do you understand, Sherlock?”
“I didn’t get you a fork. You made me look at that Materials Science exhibit for a full hour, and then you made me go to the Farm Tech exhibit, as if we haven’t been looking at farm tech crap our entire lives, and then you insisted on reading, out loud, all the signage in that derp exhibit –”
Sherlock finds John soon after his encounter with Maryle. He wastes no time with greetings, he simply wraps his wings around John's body and squeezes him tight.
Everyone thinks that John would follow Sherlock anywhere, but the truth is that Sherlock would have nowhere to go without John. He follows him now, chases after his husband's orgasm, shuddering, then collapses on top of him, his hand still wedged between them. They twitch with aftershocks, breathing hard into each other's skin, laughing and waiting for the world to right itself again.
Sherlock gave up on undressing himself, and started undressing John, instead. “I guess I’ve been thinking about it since the first time you did it to me. Wondering if I'd like doing it, and if you'd want me to do it.”
“Mm.”
“I thank you both for presenting to us today. It has been most informative, and extremely interesting. You have taken great risks travelling for so long, so far from home, but were right to come. You have kept safe and delivered a piece of emperor history previously thought lost to the ages. You have presented a compelling personal narrative, and proposed several significant matters for our consideration.
“Young man, you’re soaking wet!”
“But, now you’ll be on your way.”
“Maybe? Why, maybe?”
“Hey Ma, it’s me. Yeah, I got it. Yes, I did. No, not really. Because I wasn’t there for a chat, I was there to return her scarf.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I like it. I like your adult tail. It's very long. Thick. Strong.”
. This is the Chicago Magazine article I referenced for the bit about snow politics. This is a very real thing, and something people
“Totally up to you. Don’t feel like you have to, but if you do, feel free to say whatever you’re comfortable with.”
, for God’s sake, he doesn’t
“At once.”
Screaming shooting shuddering bliss.
None of them were waiting to consummate a marriage, though, were they?
while coming hard in Sherlock's fist.
relearn stupid solar system :\
“Exactly.”
“What’s funny about a term of endearment, Hank?” Mr. Watson asked.
“After everything that has happened, I am still not sure if the legends are true, or if they are of our own making. I'm not sure it matters. What does matter is that the heartstone is the way back to hope. Because that’s what
The sight that greeted them left Sherlock speechless. Ascertaining they were in no immediate danger, he swung the door wide and stepped into the large, mostly empty room. His mind raced to categorise pertinent details while discarding others.
“She's growing so fast, isn't she?” Sherlock says as he starts unbuttoning John's shirt.
It was then that Mummy made her entrance, all clicking heels and swirling skirts. She was fiddling with the gold chain around her neck with one hand and waving that single green folder in front of her with the other.
“That said, if there are no matters of great urgency here …”
John fidgets, picking up and examining all the same detritus that used to clutter the shelves and tabletops of 221B. He turns when Sherlock enters the room, and reaches to take some of the tea fixings from him.
“I made it up.” Sherlock swept his arms under John's shoulders and wriggled into the seat of John's hips as John pressed his thighs to Sherlock's waist.
“John, if you don’t want to date Sarah, just say so. You don’t need to set up some kind of stunt to prove it to me.”
Sherlock did calculations while they walked, stopping only when John held the door of Bow Truss open for him. The rich and earthy scent of freshly ground coffee beans wrapped itself around him as soon as they walked in, and he momentarily lost track of his penile mathematics.
You are most fortunate in your selection of partner, as our research shows that Master John Hamish Watson is an excellent kisser and prefers to take the lead in the sexual education, deflowering, and climaxing of his lovers. Because of this natural inclination and talent, your role in snogging senseless will most likely be only suggestive in nature, and if successfully implemented, will result in Master Watson going absolutely stark raving mad upon your person. Nevertheless, we are pleased to present you with these steps for initiation of the snogging.
“Tell me.”
. Neither wanted to go to the
Not bothering to return to his seat, he took out his wallet, pulled out enough twenties to cover the bill, including a very generous tip for poor Paul, and dropped the cash on the table.
“So, is it true, what they say about Pobeda?”
“Mycroft. We have come very far. The journey has exceeded both our expectations. It will not end here, the work we have done, together. We do not end here.”
“You’re very tactile,” Sherlock said, his gaze following the sweep of John’s tongue as he ran it over his bottom lip.
Sherlock's fingers go still on John's back, and for a moment the three of them sit in silence, looking at each other. They aren't sure how much Hannah has told Imi, and have never discussed this with the child. John has always felt that it's Hannah's place to tell her daughter about her biological mother, but she was only a baby when Mary left, and she herself only knows what John has told her. Perhaps there's a way to give just a sense of the story to his granddaughter. He feels Sherlock lightly run a thumb over his shoulder blade, and takes his cue from that gesture.
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
They both looked up at the sound of the front door opening, and John calling out, “Sherlock?”
Sherlock has a moment of vertigo, and thinks he’s about to slip and go down on the ice, hard, but John’s wings are around him, more secure than the most ice-locked continent in the universe.
“Six winters, Sherlock. Six very long winters.”
Sherlock's hips are rolling up and off the bed, his legs shaking in the air above him. Every nerve in his body is sending sympathetic signals to his cock, everything is tight and heavy inside him, coalescing, if only John would touch him again, just one stroke, he's sure that's all he needs, just one stroke –
Satisfied with the work he’d done by the end of the day, Sherlock stood back from the desk and stretched. For the first time in hours he became aware of what was happening in the rest of the house. A delicious smell of something cooking filled his nose, and he heard soft music playing from somewhere below. He shut down his laptop and made a cursory attempt at tidying up the mess of notes on the desk, then made his way downstairs.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice has gone high. “What does that mean?”
“Yes, it is. I’m glad you think so. I wasn’t sure if you’d be much of a cuddler.”
I think the Australian Buloke makes good erection wood!
“Mycroft, please step forward.”
“We didn’t just talk about the photos. Well, at first that’s all we talked about, but then we—he asked me how you were, and he seemed sad, you know, that you guys weren’t in touch, and we talked a bit about why, and I realized that—I think you need to talk. I think he really wants to talk to you.”
This was originally part of the last chapter, but an 8K chapter was a bit out of keeping with the general trend of this fic so far, and KA suggested I split it in half.
“I want to remember every detail. How you smell right now, and this robe under my fingers, and the sound of you breathing. And your pulse, against my lips. Does that make sense?”
Sherlock turns toward him and runs his toes down John's shin as he nudges closer. “Of course I do. Why?”
This is how they live.
Sherlock has not seen the elder outside of the huddle since he ventured out to greet him and John and their egg. Cetus, Pavo, and Vela take turns staying with him, but now they are leaving for the hunt, too. Erebus will be cared for by the fathers staying with their eggs, but their priority will be their precious cargo, and Sherlock fears they will not pay close enough attention to Erebus’ health. John has promised to stay close to Erebus at all times, and he has recruited Lestra and Stamfjord to join his makeshift huddle-within-a-huddle.
“John,” he says, nudging him with his bill to make sure he is listening, “I will have to leave in the next day or two, and I will be away for at least two moons. I promise to gorge on every single thing that swims so we’ll have enough food for our hatchling. She's going to be very healthy, John, and epically fat.”
“Are you touching yourself?”
“Hello. This is your Pāpā. Well, one of them, anyway. I've missed you very much, and cannot wait to meet you. I am so glad I made it home in time. I must admit, I rushed things just a little bit. Your Uncle Mycroft would have been very cross with me for breaking away from the pack like I did, but it shouldn't surprise him any longer that I am not the most patient of pengs. Hopefully, you will have your father’s ‒ your other father’s ‒ patience. And his kindness. And his talent for healing. And you should be so lucky to inherit his colouring, as his underbill stripes are exquisite.”
“Sherlock, I do appreciate your endorsement, but –”
“I don't know for sure, but I’d say he’s either a successful interior designer, or a banker.”
had told him, would be the evolving heart of the colony.
He misses John.
"Not an infant, Sherlock, I can manage – oh, God." He leaned forward again, reaching for the seat, but stopped short of retching. He panted for a moment, burped, and slumped back against Sherlock. "Yeah. All right. Might need some help."
Next to him Sherlock is rabbiting on about his dwindling inventory of honey at the grocer, and the next time he might be able to prepare and deliver off more. He acts as if he doesn't care, but John knows that he takes great pride in how much the local community loves his honey.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You absolutely ate ice cream last night. I sat right there," he jabbed a finger toward his armchair in the front room, "and you sat right there," jab jab, "reading the sports section of The Guardian, and I watched you eat ice cream. I saw you."
John pressed his face into the hinge of the book and breathed in the distraction of papyrus and ink.
“I’m ready, John. Please.”
They said their last goodbyes and turned to go in separate directions. John looped his arm through Sherlock’s as they started walking west on Diversey. “Great guy,” he said. “I’m glad we met him.”
would be rounder than this
He nuzzled over John’s collarbones, up and down his neck, and down into the contours under John’s other arm. When Sherlock licked a broad stripe from nipple to nipple, John spread his legs a little bit, and brought one knee up so he could brush that leg against Sherlock’s balls. Sherlock kissed the swell of John’s tricep, then realigned himself over John, and sucked one of those small, pink nipples into his mouth.
“What do you make of it?” John asked. “Does the message mean anything to you?”
Sherlock looked down at the book in his hand and saw right away what John meant when he said the gift was about an idea.
They look at each other, and they smile sad little smiles.
“Roll over, tiger.”
“Um, why would the ketchup be in the bedroom?”
“Mmm.” Sherlock drifted off in John's arms, high on endorphins and love.
“And the sun.”
From across the ice a young female adult comes hurtling toward them, trilling and hissing with impatience.
John pretended he was watching the movie.
“Of course I’m not hungry. I ate something wrapped in a green tortilla two hours ago.”
“I bet the tennis hut is in the twenty-second century,” Sherlock quipped.
, the chick’s mother has no marking or colour. Does it seem such a stretch that the shell does not, either?”
“Erebus,” Sherlock says, trying hard to find the right words to steer them back into more understandable territory, “which part of your experience with Anahera was a dream, and which part was real? You did leave with her, did you not? She found you and told you the plan, and you left Pobeda? You and Anahera made the egg, and at some point, you must have dreamed the rest of this? It’s just that I am confused. You said you know our hatchling is a
“So, you’re incredibly smart, and super busy, and fucking gorgeous. I guess I’m kind of wondering why you’re here with me?”
“Stop. Stop, wait.”
He wondered what John would do.
“Yes, and so do I, and so do you. And you’ve been doing it since we started walking this morning. It’s getting on my very last nerve.”
A voice from near the front asks, “Why do we parade around the colony once we’ve found our mate?”
“Well, I would certainly hope so.”
“You underestimate yourself, love. Besides, most of what I went through I went through with you, yeah?”
“Ready?”
“I’m—” Sherlock tried again.
And then they heard her. Sherlock should have known. Sherlock could have wept. They weren’t going to make it. She was coming down the stairs. Sherlock didn’t even try to move.
John leaned forward and whispered in Sherlock's ear. “Sherlock. I just drove four hours, mostly in the middle of the night, to get here, back to you, as fast as I could. I did not do that because I wanted to tell you that maybe this was all a big mistake.”
John wriggles around until they face each other, then says, “I know what you're doing, you know.”
"Nnnope. Not happening."
“I gave you all a tooth, and a stone, Anahera. You have given us a life.”
"Right. Come quickly could be about having a good secret to tell, or finding a treasure, or an extra snack!"
“In time, I suppose.”
“Why are you being so obstinate? You've never cared one whit about sitting here. In fact, you've always had a preference for that armchair, but now you're clinging to the sofa like a drowning man, a man who … oh.”
“You’re going to stop at the Quik-Mart on your way back.”
His and John’s bedroom looked as if they’d lived there for years. The bed was usually haphazardly made and there were pyjamas and shoes and clothes scattered about. There were magazines and teacups and phone chargers on the nightstands and John left the closet door open more often than not. Anyone would be able to tell the room was inhabited. Co-inhabited.
“She’s right,” Sherlock said, nodding hard enough to make the curls bounce on his forehead. “We don’t need her. For this. I mean, she should stay uninvolved until we know what’s really going on.”
Sherlock nudges his nose across John's ribs, burrows under John's arm. He rests one hand on John's thigh, drums his fingertips.
“I'll take very good care of it. Of all of you.”
“You are right.”
“He can hover between awake and asleep, between here and there, between the mortals and the gods. He not only tells the most amazing stories about where he has been, who he has talked to when he is in between, but he believes these tales. He believes in such a way as to never have questioned whether or not he should believe. He simply does.
Stuck between shock and joy, Sherlock's body shuddered, writhed, twitched; nothing coordinated, nothing in concert, everything a mess of chaotic electrical impulses and spasming nerve-endings. His abdomen drew up tight, his lungs shut down, and his penis, his demanding, egotistical, screeching penis, rode out the final throbs, eager to grab onto any last bit of what had just happened, then settled down to preen.
John still looks like he might take Tui down if she so much as uses the wrong term of endearment.
Sherlock sniffles and pulls back enough to peer at John through puffy eyelids and spiked eyelashes. He looks suspicious.
There was another dinner after that, and then another, and then, one month after they had met for the first time in the parlour of Sherlock’s house, there was a Date. That, at least, was how Sherlock understood it. A Date, as described in the BIG-SAM, was as follows:
John lowered his head and pressed a soft kiss to the vein throbbing up the length of Sherlock’s cock, then another, and another, finally kissing the weeping tip before pressing his lips in a slow slide over the head.
John smiled. He wove one hand into the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck and cupped his cheek with his other hand. “I’m glad to hear that. Very glad.”
“I remember everything. I remember standing at the overlook in the cave, trying to pay attention to the things you were talking about, when all I wanted to do was kiss the very air out of you. I remember how daring it felt to touch you, to press up against you, and how I thought I would turn to volcanic ash when you would touch me lower, and lower, and how you would shake when I did that to you.”
John swallowed the last of his giant coffee drink and peered into Sherlock’s cup. Sherlock pulled it closer and wrapped his fingers around it. The cup was almost as big as his hands.
He turns back to the tooth lying at his feet. In the illumination of the cave, with its blue and silver cast, the tooth seems larger, and the etching more precise. He prods it with his bill, hoping to see something new, something different.
“He’ll have the banana cream eclair, please. To go.”
Sherlock listens, rapt, seeing complete fulfilment in his brother’s face. Mycroft has found his niche. Sherlock asks him how the High Council received the conclusions of his committee’s work, and Mycroft tries to play down his excitement when he relates what can only be described as the highest of praise and accolade: Mycroft has been invited to apprentice to the High Council itself.
“Sherlock, that’s crazy,” he’d said. “There’s no way I could afford that kind of tuition. It’s got to be over fifty grand a year. Besides, I’d need to get in on my own merit. They aren’t going to accept some random guy just because they desperately want the guy’s genius boyfriend to enroll. It doesn’t work that way.”
“Fine. Why? How do you feel?”
“Good. I’m glad.” Sherlock relaxed into John’s arms, hoping he wouldn’t say that they should get up and call James. Lazing about in bed with John was a pastime he was growing increasingly fond of, and lazing about in bed with John post-coitus was a sensory delight, a veritable plethora of input for him to analyse, label, and catalogue. John’s scent during and after arousal was intoxicating, and the sheen of sweat on his chest and face paired beautifully with the pink flush across his abdomen and inner thighs. John’s hair was a mess and the thought of John thrashing back and forth on the pillow as Sherlock brought him to climax put a quiet smile on Sherlock’s face.
“Does it afford us peace? Respect? Love? Trust?
Sherlock had gaped like a fish. He was sure of it. He had wordlessly gaped at the fit blond man with the cane standing in front of him in the parlour, and when he was finished gaping, he had said, “What can I do for you, John Watson?” and John Watson had said, “Well, I think you’re supposed to marry me. Did no one tell you I was coming?”
“We haven’t talked about it, as such, but I would like to experience parenthood with John. I think he would be an exceptional parent. Any chick would be lucky to have him as a father, don’t you think?”
“Maybe we should go in now.”
Sherlock’s mouth tilted into a smirk. “I bet Mycroft just loves knowing that his newest operative calls her workspace a hut.”
“You smell so good.”
“Of course I will.”
Greg nudged the dish of pastry toward John and tossed his napkin onto the table. “I haven’t been many places, but the Keys are nice that time of year. Kind of crazy busy, though, especially Key West. What do you think?” he asked Kevin.
“Yes.”
“You should get out more, Sherlock, explore the city. Boston’s supposed to be a great town.”
Sherlock spins endless scenarios for their reunion, each one more alluring than the one before. Every once in a while he acknowledges that he will have to introduce Anahera and Tui, and deliver the heartstone to the Council, and debrief with his father, and tell his mother that Mycroft is well, and – and – and, but all of that is boring. The only thing that is not boring is seeing his Johnling again. Beautiful Johnling.
“We melted the ice quite a bit, last night. Did you, too? I wasn’t expecting that! It was like a bath.
“No, not anymore. The last caretaker moved away over five years ago, and Harry was supposed to find someone new while I was away, but I guess other things, namely the bottle, got in the way of that. I’ll have to hire someone. Maybe we can do that while we’re here.”
Sherlock finished his drink and took inventory around the table. Everyone was either done, or almost done, with whatever they were drinking. Buying another round seemed like the right thing to do, especially for Greg, who’d gotten them into the club in the first place.
“Do your best to eat what you can and we’ll ask Alice to wrap up the rest. Victoria will be disappointed if we leave any behind.”
Sherlock met the truck in front of the house, then crowded against the door before John could open it, then stepped back to let him out, then stepped forward again to wrap himself around John and plant his face against his neck. He inhaled John’s scent, and squeezed him tight, and felt John hug him back, hard.
Thank you, KarlyAnne, beta extraordinaire, for living in Google Docs with me.
“I'd say the next season of hatchlings will be a spirited bunch, if their parents are anything to judge by,” she says, gesturing to a peng who has slipped, skidded, and rolled the last Orca-length to his partner.
Sherlock tossed it in his basket. He sampled the Lemon Cleansing Cream and the Aspen Aftershave, then reached for a small bottle of face tonic and froze. There, stacked into the shape of a small pyramid, were a dozen tins of Head and Tail Muscle Rub. The blue and yellow label boasted a promise to
“Sherlock?”
The room was bright when Sherlock cracked one eye open the next morning. His arms were full of John, still asleep. They'd shifted during the night, and Sherlock was spooned along John's back, John's head lying on Sherlock's arm, Sherlock's feet tangled between John's. He guessed that it must’ve been going on 10:00. Probably 9:45.
They took their place at the end of the line, and Sherlock watched the activity at the front door for a few minutes. There was only one bouncer, and as he suspected, groups of people who had arrived together crowded around him as he randomly took IDs from outstretched hands. The problem, however, was that he was definitely looking at each and every ID.
Sherlock gazes around the colony as if he might see Anthea lingering nearby. "She has waited all this time, hasn’t she?"
Sherlock and John study each other, and Sherlock feels like he’s meeting John for the first time, but this time, as
John sips his tea and looks at Sherlock with a studious expression.
"Yes. I’m fine." Sherlock keeps his eyes closed. He can only process one sense at a time. Hearing is more than enough.
, please!”
,” Sherlock says to John.
He dropped his towel and waved a hand in John’s general direction. “Undershirt.”
“And what lifestyle would that be?”
Sherlock swished the whisky around in his mouth, swallowed, and smacked his lips. “Perhaps you’re right, John. Perhaps I can’t see the future very well, after all.”
, and
Water and bubbles sloshed around them as they wriggled and rearranged in the tub. When they were done, Sherlock was reclining against the back and John was sitting in his lap, belly to belly, knees to the sides of Sherlock’s waist.
"Stop. There is not one thing I would change, and if you are honest with yourself you will say the same. You should be happy for me, don’t you think?"
The battle for the sofa, however, was perhaps the most significant display of the tremors running deep and furious under John's surface.
He stuck the tip of his tongue out and dabbed it up, then down. John kept staring.
They spent that lesson reviewing and practicing the salidas, embraces, and closing steps of the Argentinian tango. The tempo was fast and demanding, and the steps were nimble and exacting, but John was a quick study, dedicated and enthusiastic, and as the hour neared its end he was proficiently leading Sherlock through their routine.
“You have a spectacular sample of Mucorales growing in here. Can I have it?”
John's tongue, his lips, his mouth, yes; but, it was more than that. It was John's attitude. John's attitude toward rimming was like his attitude toward everything: don't bother if you're not going to give it your all. John's all, in this case, included enthusiastic groaning, full-face participation, and the occasional utterances of words and phrases such as,
“There are four colonies still marching. The Rūnanga are one of them. You carry something very special, you have not taken it off since we climbed onto the Shelf, and you have a chaperone. You, Sherlock of Pobeda, are on a mission, sent by your own council. Obviously.”
“Adenosine triphosphate, John,” Sherlock whispers.
“Okay, Sherlock.”
John’s voice startled him out of his detail-gathering. He spun from the scene in front of him and back to John.
“I hope it goes well. Text me, let me know.”
“Jesus, Sherlock.” John rubbed his hands up Sherlock’s sides, to his shoulders, and gave them a quick squeeze before petting back down his back to his hips. “You give me so much, you know that? You’re so open to me. I don’t know which I love more, giving you pleasure, or watching you take it.”
one of them.
"Horrid. Vimto?"
John stayed quiet until the bedroom door closed behind them, then he crowded up against Sherlock, who had been trying to pull off his socks, and said, “Tell me.”
“Leave the lights off. The streetlamps are enough.” Sherlock prowled back to where John was fumbling with the zipper of his coat. Sherlock undid it for him, then started on his own.
The summer at sea has left John’s chest and shoulders broad, his wings long and strong, his tail dense and powerful. He is a very handsome bird, and he carries himself with confidence and fortitude. He has earned the respect of his peers and council leaders alike. Others take notice.
Sherlock laughed. “So, in other words, if I were not myself, if I were someone else altogether, with none of the life circumstances I currently have, would I engage in sex work to make a living? I don’t know. I wouldn’t be me, so if I answer that question for the me that I’m not, how do I know it’s the right answer?”
“God, your hands, Sherlock.”
Sherlock watched as John closed his eyes, a satisfied smile still plastered on his face. He shifted onto his side under the covers, shrugging the blanket up and over his shoulder, and continued to stare at John. Post-coital John, his husband. His husband, after sex. Fascinating.
James took the folder from Sherlock but didn’t open it. He blew over the surface of his tea and took a cautious sip, grimaced, and set his cup back down in its saucer. “Maybe we could back up a bit. On the phone, John said you’d figured out who was after me and that it had to do with one of the AMP candidates, but he didn’t say much more than that.”
“I love you,
Guilt subsumes Sherlock. Tui would be healthy and whole, had she not come on this journey with him. It feels wrong to accept thanks for helping right a wrong that sits squarely on his shoulders.
"Or ... anywhere in public?"
Sherlock scanned the room and windows for clues, did some calculations in his head, and said, “10:30, give or take five minutes.”
"I was busy."
Sherlock shook his head. He closed his mouth. “Where’s my mother?” he asked, suspicious, as if perhaps this John Watson fellow had done something with her.
“John. Oh …
“You seem happy, John, happier than I’ve seen you in a long time.”
“Leave London?”
“Almost correct. Emperor eggs are not round. They are narrower at one end than the other. If dropped, the egg will roll in a circle, back to you.”
“I … I can’t … I need…”
“Nuh-uh. If you need help then I’m not doing my job.” He rose up a little higher above Sherlock so that each stroke drove in at a steeper angle, and within a few thrusts, he had himself exactly where Sherlock needed him.
“Not as filthy as you’re going to sound a couple minutes from now.”
“Of course.”
Johnling?”
Sherlock reached down again and palmed John’s balls, rolled and tugged them, and John was done.
"Thizzisit?"
“A bit. Probably because I’m so relaxed now. Thank you. I didn’t realize how badly I needed that.”
… it's a quantity having both magnitude and direction –”
“Nope. You haven’t ruined anything, and we are definitely leaving. Wait here?”
“Have no doubt, they totally heard you.” John turned on his side, too, and kissed Sherlock lightly on the lips. “It’s okay. We heard them, too. It happens.”
“Oh, that’s the best way for it to happen, isn’t it? Friends first. You guys are lucky.”
oh fuck, yes
Erebel has tucked herself headfirst into John’s pouch. She doesn’t exactly fit anymore, so her bottom rests on John’s feet as he waddles through the crowd and back to Sherlock’s side. When they reach him, John leans down and nudges her until she tumbles out and blinks up at them, narrow-eyed and yawning.
“No, no, no, Lindsey! The centrepieces need to stay in the shade until the last moment! Jessica, tell the ice sculpture people to use the freezer in the garage! Margo, where on earth are you going with the candle bowls? Bring them right back to the kitchen so the florist can finish them! Isabel, Abby, what did I say about letting the musicians in the house? Thomas, get control of your people, and you, Kate, tell the caterer we’ve had four last minute cancellations but ten last minute additions. Juliet, if you have time to lean you have time to clean! Go find Tana and tell her the limousine hasn’t arrived yet!”
“Better safe than sorry, that’s what I always say.”
His name is John and he is perfect. He is smaller and rounder, lighter coloured than Sherlock, and he is beautiful. When that word, beautiful, comes to his mind, Sherlock stops and reconsiders. The constellations, after which so many of them are named, are beautiful. The curve of his mother's upper mandible is beautiful. Ice crystal clouds are beautiful. Can a bright silver emperor chick with indeterminate markings and smaller than usual wings be beautiful? Yes. More so than the constellations, because John likes beautiful things: knowledge, and action, and risk.
The only one who never makes any effort whatsoever is Maryle. John has introduced Anahera to Maryle, as surely as he would introduce her to anyone who has a place in his life, no matter how small, but Maryle has resisted the introduction, the same way she resists anyone who has a place in John’s life. Anahera tells Sherlock later, as diplomatically as she can muster, that Maryle was cold and indifferent, and dismissed John’s foreign friend with no more than a brief inclination of her head.
Mycroft is strong, and Sherlock cannot move. Mycroft is surprisingly gentle with his strength, and says something to him now, something soft and confident, something about his prophecy. Not Sherlock’s prophecy, but Mycroft’s. Sherlock’s head pulses with the wind and spinning stars and his fear and Mycroft’s words.
John raised an eyebrow and shot Sherlock a look. “Do you think you are? Mistaken?”
She stops circling and moves closer, until they are nose to bill. Sherlock’s vision is filled with the vista of her silver and black face, her short, bristly whiskers, her flat, leathery nose closed against the water. She opens her nostrils and releases bubbles, and the feathers on Sherlock’s face, neck, and chest lift, release their own bubbles, and resettle. The tooth in its casing bobs and bounces against him with the movement. She nudges his chest, pushing him backward on the ocean floor, follows him, then does it again. He is not afraid. She does not try to hurt him. Her focus remains on what he carries.
& & &
John spread his legs and Sherlock shifted and slotted himself back down, and when John let out a small moan, Sherlock broke the kiss, and rounded his spine so he could kiss down John's neck and roll his hips at the same time. He ran one hand down John’s body to his thigh, and let it wander. God, he loved John’s thighs. Loved the feel of warm flesh over hard muscle, the curve of those muscles from hip to knee, the fade of tan from quad to inner thigh. He pressed his thumb into John’s groin, and stroked his fingers up and down, back and forth over the top of his leg.
On the drive home Mrs. Hudson filled him in on the farm, caught him up on all the local gossip, and asked him five thousand questions about the start of his sophomore year at college. Had it been anyone else, he would’ve ignored everything but the farm update, and sulked out his window. Mrs. Hudson was so sincere in her affection for him, though, and she asked for very little. He would indulge her just about anything.
“But she has a lot of friends?”
“Because you need sustenance if you're going to survive your second supper.”
“John. Very well.”
affairs, concerns, business
“I told her you’d drop it off, John.”
“Kevin? Sorry. I don’t mean to interrupt, but –”
Big hugs,
“I don’t think he really wants to see me, John.”
“How are you feeling, Tui? You’ve suffered some very serious injuries, and a traumatic shock.”
“Sooo good, ohhh, it’s so
It took every ounce of self-control he had, but Sherlock grabbed John’s wrist and pulled his hand away.
lush blond whorls
“Sherlock, brother mine, where are your manners? Please, do introduce me to your new friend.”
"From you. In our daily vocabulary lessons."
There were paintings throughout the rooms of ancestors dating back to John's great-great-great-grandparents. John had deep family roots, much like he himself did. He suspected, however, that he would have liked John's family more than he liked his own. His family was boring. Mummy was a mathematician, Daddy was a teacher, and Mycroft was the government. Before that, his relatives were mostly landed gentry and it didn't get much more boring than that. Sherlock was by far the only one in generations who had done anything exciting, and that was mostly because he liked to blow things up.
John sighs and rubs his eyes with his wings. He slouches down even more, his chin flat against Sherlock’s chest, and stares up at him.
The bartender seemed to like John’s giggle, too, because he looked up from shaking a cocktail tumbler and smiled.
John leaned down and bumped their noses together. “You want me to fuck you up against the wall? Yeah, I can do that. Why was that so hard to say, you goofball?”
Janine spins the story over them, weaving it from a place of comfort and belonging, then casting it wide over ancient crimes and atrocious consequences. When she speaks of Apo’s betrayal, Erebel turns and glares at Sherlock, her pinched face asking him how on earth this is the extraordinary, inspirational tale he had promised. He winks at her and she huffs, then turns back and wiggles her way closer to the front.
Mycroft comes to stand by Sherlock’s side. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock observes the graceful slope of Mycroft's forehead, the regal tilt of his bill. He looks like one of them, he thinks to himself. He
Mycroft looks entirely too pleased with himself, with his lofty posture and the upward lift of his chin. Next to him, Anthea is just as elegant, radiating an air of understated self-importance. Yes, those two will work well together.
“I can’t, John. I can’t do it without you.”
“Sure. I’ll get it.” Sherlock let go of John’s hand and watched after him as he left the room. John. His John. His man, kind, and compassionate.
2nd brightest star in the sky, of the constellation Carina
“The bed, the candles, the open curtains at the window. See? The desk, it has two drawers. The bookshelf, six shelves. Create it all in your head, and store every part of you and me in those places.”
When? How? So many!"
“But there was water, yes?”
julie.mchenry@parkergrahamassociates.com
Sherlock cannot listen to John. Sherlock is busy listening to memories in his ice palace, specifically one memory in particular, of Maryle telling Sherlock that John would have to choose. Now he understands. She did not mean that John would have to choose between her and Sherlock. She meant that John would have to choose between continuing his own line by mating with a female, or not continuing it at all. Oh. Oh, no.
“Nothing’s wrong, I promise. I was thinking about, well, that word, I guess.”
“I thought so, yeah. But when I started to talk about what we’d do after the war he got distant. He talked a lot about keeping the focus in the present and not getting ahead of ourselves. I thought he was trying to be pragmatic, you know? Every day was unknown, anything could happen from one minute to the next. I convinced him to take leave at the same time as me. We came here. I thought that being together outside of that hell hole would prove to him that we had something real.”
Sherlock squints up at the ceiling, pondering the possibilities, then pronounces that bananas foster would be the very best thing.
“Then there’s really nothing to talk about. If you prefer I can pack up and head back to London. The two of you can sort things out. You can keep him safe, whatever that entails. I won’t get in your way.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You asked Terina a question, and she answered. It appears that you were not listening.”
John took him to a small wine bar a few blocks away, and they chatted as they walked, everything open and easy between them. He greeted the hostess by name as they entered, and she happily led them to a small round table in a patch of late evening sunlight at the front windows. John pulled Sherlock's chair out for him and waited for him to sit before he sat himself. Sherlock observed the way John ignored the menu, only asking about the daily specials, and how friendly the waitress was with him. They ordered two flights of Argentinian reds, in tribute to their tango, and an appetizer.
John rubbed Sherlock's back, traced his fingertips up and down his spine.
“I can’t believe,” John laughed, “that you just took the whole top of the cake!”
and then a chorus of climatic exultations,
“It's a good cry.”
Sherlock let his cock work against the sheets, his frenulum rubbing and pressing against the bunched up fabric, his balls drawing up hard and tight. “John!” John continued to slam home, and Sherlock could feel himself jiggle and shake each time he drove in.
“What? What are you so ‒” Sherlock stops mid-sentence, because John isn’t even looking at him.
“Yours are more interesting.”
John looked down at his feet and sighed. “He said he didn’t call because he didn’t want to interrupt us on our honeymoon. He didn't realise we'd come here.”
“Okay, guys, listen, before I forget again, I have something for Sherlock. I’ll be right back."
That night, Sherlock enters the huddle feeling lighter than he has in days. He settles against John’s chest, fussing and nudging until he and John have as much of themselves pressed together as is penguinly possible.
“Whenever you’d like. It doesn’t have to be now. How about if right now we join James in the library for a little while and then head to bed?”
The balcony was mostly free of clutter and he wished it to remain that way. The bathroom was spotlessly clean and stored only a few memories of the times throughout his life he’d been ill. He sighed. The solution was there, but he was reticent to admit it. John was going to need his own room. He shifted the desk facing the bed to the right by a few feet and created a new door. He imagined the room he would find behind this new door and added built-in shelves along the walls, a wood-framed, glass-topped showcase in the middle, and a daybed for resting when he would want to spend significant time in the space. Finally, he painted the walls of the room the exact colour of John’s eyes, carefully edging around the two large south-facing, sun-filled windows.
They drove on, following the subtle curves of the shady, quiet street. Within five minutes the view gave way to a round, dome-topped building, covered in what looked to be intricate carvings of symbols, inscriptions, and filigree patterns.
He takes small satisfaction at the look of confusion on her face. It’s so tedious, really.
One wakes before the other, vision drifting upward in the weak morning light, awareness settling through his body.
“Yes. With paint on him. I figured it couldn’t hurt to call the police, then I waited outside his apartment until they came. Turns out, the broadside was from the Kress Collection, and they didn’t even know they’d been broken into. He’d taken books, prints, and broadsheets, all of them French, worth several hundred thousand dollars.”
“John Watson? That little blond kid who was surgically attached to your hip? Is this seriously him? John?”
“Okay. And just in case I didn’t tell you, because right now I have no idea what I may or may not have said while you were making me lose my mind, that was fantastic. That was simply bloody brilliant.”
“Of course, Sherlock. What do you need?”
“Everything. You’ve made your mother and me very proud with your studies and your work with New Scotland Yard, and now with your choice of spouse. I know marriage was never on your radar and I know that arranged marriage was even further from your mind. In a way, though, I think it’s good, considering how you’ve always said that love is a paralytic and all that. You know I don’t agree, but if marriage had to happen for you, then I think it’s best that you found someone you like as much as you like John.” His father stood up and rested his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Well, we’re getting close to starting time, I think. I’m going to go get my monkey suit on.”
“Here we go. That’s him.” Greg sat back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest.
They laugh and laugh, and Sherlock feels the tension of the last several days begin to ebb away.
“I’ll get undressed after you. I’m still quite taken with the notion that I get to remove your clothes pretty much any time I want to.”
“Have a sandwich, too.” John sounded far too chipper for tea and sandwiches.
“Of course not. I’m happy to fuel the fires, John.” She poured more milk into both their glasses, then pushed back and began gathering the dishes.
It's not about commitment, because he and John have been committed to each other since they met.
“Mmhmm. Tired. It’s been a long day, hasn’t it? Exhausting.”
“Open your eyes, penggit, and look at me.”
Hydra, other than vaguely resembling one, has nothing to do with eels. I liked the idea of the snaky figure being tied to an aquatic version of Adam and Eve and the Garden of Eden, so I turned Virgo into Eve, and Hydra into Satan, and called it a day. I can't apologize. These pengs are entitled to their own mythology.
Next to him, Molly cleared her throat and tapped her pink highlighter pen on her Texas Instruments 83 Plus Graphing Calculator.
Sherlock laughed, and undid the buttons of his jeans. He pushed them down around his knees, then pulled them all the way off.
✓ call Ella Thompson
John stepped as close as he could without touching Sherlock, and stared at the pouty lower lip just in front of him. He tilted his head up and whispered, “I like the moon, too, Sherlock. I have a favorite memory of the moon. Wanna hear it?”
If Erebus is wrong, Sherlock will have to rethink everything. If Erebus is right, Sherlock still has to rethink everything, because Erebus would have a fifty-percent chance of being right about any egg, no matter his involvement. And that’s the question Sherlock wrestles with when he’s staring up at the stars at night, when he’s not thinking about John staring up at the same stars: who was involved in the making of his egg?
“I actually think I can get much, much closer, John.” Sherlock’s voice was a low-pitched rumble between them.
“Maybe I should suck you off in the rare and special books collection.”
“Shut up. Remember the Fourth of July?”
Thanks to happierstill for all the beta work!
“It’s mine. It belongs to me, and I say it’s beautiful. As are your thighs, your knees, your calves, your ankles, your feet—”
He hopes.
"Is it?"
On the walk back to the house Sherlock asks Imi if it was strange to see photographs of her own mother when she was a baby and young child, and Imi says no, that she feels like she's looking at a friend or sister in those photographs.
“Oh. Did you buy that today, too?”
“Gimme that, Ma, it’s heavy.” He grabbed the bag out of her hand, wrapped his arm around her in a hug, and kissed her on top of her head. John wasn’t tall, but he towered over his mom, barely five feet tall.
Mycroft realigned the silverware that Sherlock must have jostled with his elbow. “Let’s table this conversation for now, shall we? We can discuss it again over the next few months. I just wanted you to have some idea of the situation so that you can begin to think about what you might want to do. Nothing has to be decided the moment you turn twenty-one, but I wouldn’t want to delay too long.”
“I'll take her up and get her tucked in,” Sherlock murmurs, and John budges over so that Sherlock can stand and move around him.
“What will you do if it doesn't say what you want it to say?”
“No.”
John shushes him and kisses his jaw, then moves out from under Sherlock's canted leg so he can reposition himself between his splayed thighs. He's still for a moment, his hands running the length of Sherlock's calves, and then he says, “God, just look at you.”
Mycroft smiles at him but does not return the barb. When Erebel runs over and wraps her wings around her Uncle Mycroft’s leg, he looks at Sherlock and raises an eyebrow. "Perhaps she shall have a
Sherlock took one of the glasses of wine, clinked it against John’s, and took a sip. “Oh, clever. A sparkling wine for a bubble bath? Genius.”
“Why?”
. What? Where did that come from?
Mycroft interlaced his fingers on his lap and glared. “My point Sherlock is that you and Doctor Watson have —”
Sherlock nodded, his eyes sliding over to Marcus who was now standing beside John, tying on his apron. Marcus raised his eyebrows at John who didn’t move to leave.
James was quiet during their exchange and Sherlock was grateful that he’d given him and John a moment to reconnect after a day spent mostly apart. Sherlock uncorked the bottle of wine and started pouring into the three glasses John had set in front of him.
The wine was delivered with three glasses, much to Sherlock’s disappointment, but Mycroft passed his full glass to Sherlock for him and John to share. Mycroft refilled it throughout the evening, never having a drop himself.
Sherlock didn’t look. He kept his head arched back, his neck taut, his back hollowed over the bed.
Pavo, the teacher
Take special note
Goosebumps ran up Sherlock’s arms. He turned the page, and his mouth fell open. He clapped his hand over it, and turned another page. Then another. Another. The book was filled with photos of them, most that Sherlock had never seen before. It was chronological, starting when they were young, so very small, at an age that Sherlock couldn’t even remember. In these, John’s hair was white blond, and had a slight curl at the ends, and his complexion was fairer than it was now, sometimes sunburned. Sherlock was thin as a rake, with knobby knees and an extravagant pink bow of a mouth, offset only by the shape of his eyes and the tumble of curls standing out every which direction.
Sherlock stared out at the crowd of people and sighed. “I don’t like to be touched very much. I apologise. I should have told you right away so that you wouldn’t have wasted so much of your time.”
“I hadn't noticed.”
Sherlock and John smiled at each other over the napkin holder in the middle of the table. They’d heard it a million times:
Sherlock stared down at John staring up at him, his lips poised a hair’s breadth from where Sherlock was throbbing. “You ready for me?” John asked. Sherlock managed half a nod. “Good.” John opened his mouth, winked, and engulfed him.
John takes the kiss, takes it and takes it, and when he pulls away, Sherlock’s eyes are closed and his mouth is open.
“Hey, you two! You made it – come on in!”
“Sorry. Make that one blueberry, and one chocolate.”
as obsessively as I did for the last week has made it feel like eons since I posted pengs. EONS.
“Move over, Sherlock, I want to sit on the sofa.”
and strategy and policy; but Erebus gave him his heart, and this is what Sherlock wants to pass on to his hatchling: heart.
“Just another moment, honey. She should be here any minute.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock wanted to see that, wanted to see John lose his mind the way he had, but he was too overcome with post-orgasmic exhaustion to do anything about it. He slipped out of his soggy briefs, dropped them over the side of the bed, slid out of bed and shuffled over to the armoire. He pulled on his silk pyjama bottoms, got back in bed, and waited for John to join him.
“Oh, no. We don’t live here. Just visiting.”
On the other end of the bed, John was making obscene noises around Sherlock, and those noises were going to be the end of Sherlock. He’d been close when they’d changed positions, and although he loved it when they got there at the same time, he didn’t see how it could happen this time. He was there.
“John, before we go in, there’s something I want to say.”
dance like them, gorgeous, but no, I meant together, like this.”
“Of course it’s chocolate.”
✓ Beta'd by KarlyAnne
“Oh God, yeah, more –”
Sherlock thinks of John. He fills his belly during the day and floats under the skies at night, and he drifts homeward toward John in his mind. The John in his mind is the same as the John holding their egg. He is the same John that keeps Sherlock warm, the one who can soothe or rile him, the one who makes him laugh, makes him cry out, the one who calls to him and the one to whom Sherlock calls. Sherlock’s John.
“Your mom?”
is in my nature, and has been since I was a hatchling. I can’t help but worry about what might go wrong. Anahera, bless her, cannot see beyond the silver lining of a cloud. I tend to see only its raindrops. Between us, the cloud is balanced. Anyway.
They are almost back to John and the egg.
“Watch me.”
Sherlock wasn't sure if he should be horrified by his tiny flatmate's behaviour, or taking notes. His testicles laughed at those options. Sherlock spread his legs and canted his knees a bit so that those needy testicles could have more room in which to express their opinion.
The aromatic scent of John’s aftershave was mixing with his body heat and wafting up and around Sherlock. Every now and then he could pick up a bit of John’s deodorant, the wine on his breath, traces of his detergent and shampoo. He was blissfully ensconced in John, with only the sights and sounds of the restaurant getting in the way. He closed his eyes, rested his head on John’s shoulder, and settled one hand on John’s ribs.
“And claw.” Anahera peers down at her feet.
“Not following.”
Conversation throughout the meal didn’t stray from the regular topics of local news and gossip, and when they were done eating the older adults went into the living room while Harry and the boys cleaned up the kitchen. Mrs. Watson rushed in and out a few times, starting the coffee maker and setting a tray with plates and homemade brownies, but it wasn’t until they were seated together that the talk turned to more serious matters.
"How do I know what to do? After? When we've called to each other, and paraded?"
“Might have done, yeah.”
“Kevin. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t be snooping.”
“So, I had this ongoing fantasy about the two of us in that locker room shower, you with your arms braced against the wall, legs spread, me on my knees behind you, holding your cheeks apart, licking you out.”
“I love this part,” John sighed, “this first moment, the breach.”
” Sherlock could say that word all day long.
“Do what? I wanna hear you say it.”
He says this as John tilts forward and murmurs, “I’m the lucky one, Sherlock. Look at
“Yes, but more than that. Astonished with shades of disbelief, I think.”
John slid Sherlock’s cocktail toward him, lifted his own, and said, “Here’s to us. Only ever us.”
The first thing he did the next day was set up each of their laptops on the coffee table, sit on the couch, and wait for John to wake up. Sherlock had already called John in sick, so he knew there'd be no reason they couldn't compare numbers right away, declare Sherlock the winner, and get on to the good stuff.
“I've done nothing at all, Sherlock. Truly. And there is no reason to discuss it further; Anahera and I are in agreement, if you are. Good luck!”
“And you never thought about leaving? You never wanted more?”
Four rooms later, they decided they’d worked hard enough navigating the crowds and deserved a drink, so they stopped where they were and squeezed between two barstools.
Greg introduced them to Sally, a petite woman in her mid-20s, who wore a serious expression on her olive-complected, freckled face, and was trying to tuck parts of an unruly mane of hair behind her ears. Sally shook their hands, and gave them each a tense smile as they were introduced, then crossed her arms over her chest and addressed them with a very official sounding tone.
John looked over then and his face transformed from one of worry to one of pure beaming brightness. He walked over to Sherlock’s table, but instead of sitting down in the other chair he leaned in close to Sherlock, hands on his knees. Sherlock could see into the open vee of his dark blue shirt, could see the inner swell of a pectoral and a bit of light blond hair. He blinked and met John’s eye.
"Why in the heavens didn't you wake me up?" Sherlock asks.
. I received so many wonderful comments on that story, including this one from
“Let me see. Those aren’t boring, French fry, those are what I believe my mom would call ‘stinkin’ adorable.’ Ha! Look at your hair!”
"Oh, well --"
“Good morning,” Annette said as Sherlock stepped outside. “I’m to tell you that John went to town to get groceries and house cleaning supplies and he’ll be back by lunchtime. He said to text him if there’s anything in particular you want him to get.”
John sulks for a bit, then aggressively grooms his shoulder. Sherlock stops his pacing and gently removes John’s bill from where it’s making a bare spot in his beautiful feathers.
John's entire hand joined the party of its own volition, and then his lips were sent out to locate Sherlock's neck, and then Sherlock's vocal cords got all pissy that they weren't involved, and decided to let out a shockingly indecent moan. Sherlock bit his tongue, even though his tongue had not been remotely involved in the coup thus far, and his tongue retaliated by ordering his saliva glands to go into overdrive.
“So what is it? Sherlock, this is ridiculous. It’s fucked up. I mean … shit, you know I’m not good at this stuff, but I’m kinda past the point of caring, ya know? You’re my best friend. You’re important to me.”
“Am I so different now?”
The John in this story is begging me to let him use terms of endearments for Sherlock, but the one that seems most natural to me, and that I use the most in my other fics,
It couldn’t have been much later when he was roused from a light sleep and felt the bed dip next to him. John scooted close, wrapped his arm over Sherlock’s side, and pressed his palm to his chest.
If all goes well, he will be on his way in two days. He hopes John will forgive him for this unexpected detour from a trip they thought would end here, on the Shelf. He hopes John will understand that if Sherlock cannot bring this full circle, the journey here will have been for nothing. He hopes John will wait.
“I am.”
“Got it?”
Sherlock kissed him back and made an affirmative
“We’ll be discreet. Look over my shoulder. Are they still talking?” Sherlock didn't let go of John, but scooted them toward the living room and turned so John could see into the room.
Ariki does not seem convinced. He tiptoes backwards until he’s flush up against Anahera’s belly. Anahera puts her wing around him, looks at Tui, and winks.
Sherlock knew he'd never be a homebody, but when he was home, he wanted to be home with John. He thought all of this as John stripped off the last of his clothing and crawled into bed next to Sherlock.
Sherlock took a step back and sat down on the bed when the backs of his knees hit the mattress.
Sherlock tried to keep his eyes open, because John's eyes were still open. John's eyes were open, and they were looking at Sherlock, and Sherlock didn't want to miss one second of those eyes on him.
Sherlock’s stomach began a slow descent into his intestinal tract. “How much have you lost?”
smack
“Did you just kind of, um, propose to me?”
“Okay, this is nuts. We have to stop.”
"Oh yeah, oh yeah, that’s so good, that's right, give it to daddy, c’mon."
“So, how about this. You figure out the physics of me fucking you up against a wall, okay? Because I think that should be our next experiment, and I’d really like to have all the variables as tightly controlled as possible.”
“You said you’d let it go after that one thing.”
Cetus’ apprentices discuss Tui’s night’s sleep, while Sherlock exchanges pleasantries with Irene, Janine, Anthea, and Lestra. Everyone has grown and matured while Sherlock has been away, not just in size and colour, but in more subtle ways, as well. The females seem even more aloof now, and are harder to deduce. He is aware of the way they look at him, taking note of the changes in him, as he has in them.
Sherlock righted himself and put his hands over John’s on his knees. “Yes. When we were going to make love. But then I realized that I couldn’t always predict when we were going to make love—”
“Are you awake?”
“Oh, well, I estimate it’s about one and a half inches in diameter.”
Interesting. He considered extricating himself and picking up where he left off with his soil actinomycetes experiment, but decided against it. He had similarly conflicting thoughts about updating his blog, continuing his research on a crime ring in Bulgaria, and dissecting his recently acquired sheep kidney, but he fell asleep again before making any decisions.
“Seriously.”
“Funny you should ask. I just got a letter from her. I'll read it to you.”
He wants to deny that he needs anything from these so-called friends of John's, but once again he can hear John in his head, saying,
Sherlock tucks the tooth up under his wing again, and starts at the beginning. He tells John about his equation to plot the ice chip’s trajectory, and how long he waited before diving deeper, and what the keel looked like that far down. By the time he's explaining the carefully rolled seaweed, and his attempts to loosen it, John is waddle-pacing back and forth in front of him, a barely contained bundle of excitement, nervous energy, and agitation.
“That’s a good question.” Sherlock got up and poured more coffee into both their cups. “What did we do here, last winter? It’s so boring.”
“Then I suppose it'd be boring to you. We don't have to go.”
“Thank you.”
upon which I lay my virginal head
“So you’re okay?”
Thank you, happierstill, for betaing and so many other things.
“More about what they imply.”
"And what's physics?"
"Yeah, I'll do it, but I really don't want to."
John looked down at where he was piercing Sherlock, and swallowed.
“Yeah?”
John nods again. “Right. Okay. Why are you telling me all of this?”
Still, he follows John to the swimming hole and watches the others play. When it's Sherlock's turn to dive, Lestra suggests they even the odds by giving him a handicap of a longer count.
He wouldn’t survive this if it'd been designed to provoke a reaction, something to jumpstart their atrophied friendship. Sherlock would drown in it.
“And you know that I do care, right? And it’s not just you. We’ve gone ‘round and ‘round about this. She accepts us, which means we can be ourselves in front of her without her starting a scene, or, I don’t know. Something not good.”
John continued to whine high in his throat, far past the point of conscious thought. He curled his tongue around Sherlock’s shaft, making a channel for him to slip and slide against, and sucked.
Sherlock reached for one of John’s hands, and rubbed his thumb over the wrist bone, the first set of knuckles, the second set. He entwined their fingers and guided them down, slow, his heart pounding out some crazy song of
“Sorry. Keep going.”
There was a settee facing the front window, and they settled there, facing each other as best as they could with one knee pulled up between them, and their arms slung over the back. John rested his hand high on Sherlock’s forearm and rubbed his thumb over the inside of his elbow.
There is very little known about how penguins behave at sea, mostly because humans can't swim along with them for months on end. Scientists have attached transponders to penguins to track information about depth of dives, how long they can stay underwater, and how many miles they cover, but it doesn't tell us anything about their social habits.
John takes a deep breath, and turns in Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock reaches to remove John’s belt, but John shakes his head and says, “You. Undressed. Now.”
“Did you now?”
“John. She was talking to me. She wanted to send me emails about sex toys.”
For more information, contact: Julie McHenry, Parker Graham & Associates, (805) 252-1985.
Mrs. Watson had started calling Sherlock “my other son” years ago, after he lost both of his parents. He’d been lucky, to have Mrs. Hudson, and Mrs. Watson, to step in and smother him in maternal affection. For a long while, especially after Mycroft went off to school, he’d practically lived at John’s house.
Thank you, happierstill, for being GLORIOUS!
you fit so sweetly where leg meets bum because you are sort of short
“You get past my own boundaries, somehow.”
But what does that mean?”
He was about to go back downstairs when his phone pinged. He pulled it out of his pocket, expecting it to be John.
“John,” Sherlock whined, rubbing himself against John’s hip. “Look.”
And then the United States of America had gone to hell in a Trump-held handbasket, and that sealed the deal. The expats from the USA came home in the thousands, and Theresa May had grabbed at the chance to keep them there. She could only produce so many jobs, only build so many housing developments, but if she could keep the British married to each other, perhaps she could keep them, and their British offspring, on British soil. And wasn’t that the whole point? To give the United Kingdom back to the British?
John stops and looks up at Sherlock with bright eyes. Sherlock wants to rub his auricular patch against John's, but holds still. "Obvious to you, Sherlpeng, you're brilliant, not like the rest of us mere forsteri."
Arrangements have been made, instructions imparted. The party of four bring with them the past, and the future: Moringa, and the heartstone.
John slammed his plate down on the counter and held up his hand. “I’m not talking about this anymore. Not one more word. I’ll take the scarf to Sarah’s, and then that’s the end of it.”
Sherlock climbed on top of him and buried his face under John's chin, sighing as John's arms came around him.
Sherlock was getting closer, staring down as streams of water ran in rivulets over John's lower back, staring at the head of his cock parting that ass, over and over, his shaft hugged tight between those round, firm cheeks.
John rolled his fingers in light circles over the front of Sherlock's jeans. “Ejaculation is the expulsion of sperm, which are produced in the testes and stored in the epididymis. During ejaculation, sperm are propelled up the vas deferens, which are two ducts that pass behind the bladder. Fluids are added by the seminal vesicles, then the vas deferens become the ejaculatory ducts, which join the urethra inside the prostate gland. The prostate and the bulbourethral glands add their own secretions, and then,
As soon as they get home John goes into the bedroom, retrieves his military tags from the top dresser drawer, and adds his new tags to the chain. He slips them over his neck and is admiring them in the mirror when Sherlock comes up behind him and wraps his arms around his waist.
John's cock is worthy. It truly is. Do you remember when Sherlock promised to write odes to John's wet linen breeches? I think we need to write that.
“It’s looking quite well, don’t you agree, Maryle? He really has been most fortunate. Not all wounds of that nature heal as nicely. Cetus must be quite pleased.
, he thought to himself. He tossed the box out of the way, then the pillow, then lifted the sheet and looked under it.
Sherlock can’t help it. He giggles. “Of course I came, you penggit. I’ve been bugging you about this since we got home.”
. In Texas, everyone from the waitress to the Mayor will call you
“Tell you what?”
John sighed and pushed himself up to sitting. He looked tousled and puffy and had crease marks pressed into his face. He looked adorable, and Sherlock leaned over and kissed him.
“Guess.”
Sherlock’s thoughts swirled, new waves of information rising against and mixing with previous assumptions about his future.
Sherlock hugged John close to him and kissed his forehead. “Not bad. I’ve been concentrating on the dynamics of our bodies in motion, and ideal angles in consideration of our heights and weights.”
Maybe, Sherlock muses, these
The day draws to a close, the sun setting in a fit of rose and purple and orange. John and Sherlock wait until the huddle’s centre is tightly packed, then take their place near friends. As always, Sherlock manoeuvers John in front of him, turning his own back to the winter cold.
John trills a soft sound of agreement, and holds out his wing toward Sherlock. Sensing that John has established himself with Erebus, Sherlock walks to John’s side, and into the curve of his wing.
Fire tended to, they settled across from each other, and sipped their whisky.
? Fascinating.”
Kevin was in the kitchen, ordering from Star of Siam for dinner while uncorking a bottle of Riesling, and Greg was in the living room flipping through channels, looking for a movie they could watch.
“True. So, yeah, the club is having a hanky party on Saturday night, and you guys should come.”
Ariki and Kahu are especially exuberant in their vocalizations of John’s accomplishment. They are the first to volunteer to be trained, and so are doubly delighted when John later tells them they’d already been wing-selected to join the first line of trainees.
"Fine."
“Good. Sherlock, you do realize, don't you, that I saved her life last summer because I would've tried to save anyone's life, and not because I had feelings for her? Because I do not have feelings for her, nor have I ever had feelings for her. And saving her life didn't make me have feelings for her, and her wanting me to have feelings for her cannot make me have feelings for her.”
John, not if he can help it. He told John that he would not go off in search of the heartstone by himself, and he won’t, but if John wakes and finds Sherlock missing, he might jump to the wrong conclusion. He’d be unhappy anyway, to think that Sherlock was risking life and wing, in the middle of the night, to scale this formidable chunk of ice.
On their sixth day home, John received a text from Sarah asking if she could come over that afternoon at 2:00. John texted Sherlock to see if that time worked for him, and Sherlock, who had been extremely busy doodling designs for a sock index, said ‘of course.’
Sherlock considers the question. He’s not sure if Mycroft is right. Was he unconscious? It seems so, but he couldn’t observe himself, could he? Maybe he was, maybe he was not. Did he fancy himself able to do those things? Well, seeing as how he did do those things, yes, he supposes he does have confidence in his ability to have done them. Did he take off the tooth? Yes. Did he take a nap? No.
John licks his lips and Sherlock can see him swallow, hard, can see his chest rise and fall with deep inhalations.
“Give it a shake, is it secure?”
“You want to talk about it?” John asked, turning back to Molly after handing off the Americano. John knew better than anyone how stressful med school was. And having a job on top of it only made it more difficult. Molly and John both came from families who couldn’t afford tuition, let alone helping them to pay for room and board in London. John only worked three days a week, Molly was working five and trying to keep afloat in her clinical rotations at the same time. And Bea wasn’t exactly the most understanding when it came to managers. Percolate was one of London’s busiest coffee shops, perfectly situated to catch the university crush of students who needed caffeine to survive. As a result Percolate wasn’t hurting for applicants. If Molly couldn’t show up on time, Bea had made it clear that she would be out of a job.
“John? But you were both so clear that you never wished to mate with another.”
“Don’t even start.”
“You’re going to solve crimes for the rest of your life? And live here, in Baker Street?”
“Let’s just have the poundcake of sex.”
Lips press to hair, hands drift down, up, down, up.
John came in a few minutes later with two generous glasses of white wine and a smile. “This looks lovely. Very romantic.”
“Wouldn't that be hot? The seat, I mean.”
___ Delaying orgasm
He stopped kissing. His mouth fell open and John bumped their noses together. “You okay?” he asked.
Imi is drawing shapes in the path with the toe of her shoe; she finishes a smiley face before she answers. “Something about the lawyer calling her when the … pobate was done, I think.”
"That's your influence on him, love, you wouldn't believe the changes in him since he met you."
“No, I didn't – I wanted to save it all, everything – for you."
John giggled. “Are you seriously going to start analyzing positions
“Imogen, maybe if you're lucky Granddad will make his famous blueberry pancakes tomorrow morning. You know how much you love Granddad's pancakes.”
Sherlock sniffs at the interruption, but gives John a slight nod, and then reaches into his suit jacket pocket. He keeps the item hidden in his fist and says, “Molly helped me.”
them.”
“I’m open to trying both. All three, actually, because if we’re not side by side then there’s an opportunity for us to take turns being on the top and the bottom.”
“I thought so.”
“Yes. Sleep now.”
“I didn’t know I was.” He sniffed then, as if to test this crying theory, and made an awful, snotty sound. “Oh.”
“Fine. I had a little chat with Hannah before they left. She had important news that she hadn't intended on sharing right away, a matter of import that I already had an inkling of, based on something that Imogen said in passing, and I was able to extract more information.”
John smiled in his sleep, and turned toward Sherlock, wrapped his arms around him, pulled him in tight. Sherlock pressed his mouth to the top of John’s head, and fell asleep again.
Sherlock stares. He holds his teacup and saucer over the table, not looking at his aim, and hears a clatter and splash when he let’s go.
John looks at Sherlock, holds his gaze and says, “Brilliant. You remember how old she was to the day? Amazing.”
“Apologist actions that result in discrimination against same-peng individuals and couples are hereby prohibited. Apologists who act in such a way as to disallow same-peng coupling, or who harm same-pengs in any way, will be banned from our colonies.
John licked his lips and lowered his voice. “Good. And if this case isn’t enough to keep you going, I’ve got some other ideas to keep you engaged. We can pick up where we left off this morning.”
“That’s up to you. Maybe you know you wouldn’t want to date someone from the military, or someone who has children, or someone with a career that wouldn’t mesh with your lifestyle.”
“Whatever you want, John.” Sherlock's voice is deep and low, a lullaby of drawn out syllables and resonating sounds.
"No, but we can glide!" Sherlock quips, pushing John onto the sloping path at their side. John squawks in surprise, then reaches out a wing and knocks Sherlock's feet out from under him. They tumble back down the incline, rolling and skidding and sliding for the exact amount of time it takes Sherlock to fall desperately in love, which is not very long at all, considering the height from which they started.
“By the time we help them get the cars loaded up, and then unload everything at Kevin’s, it’ll be close to seven. Are you getting hungry?” Sherlock suspected that not even the beautiful Mucorales sample would have put John off his need to eat every few hours.
“Why’s that?”
“What’s in Andersonville?”
Mrs. Watson stacked their empty dishes in front of her and scowled at them. “It’s not like you’re going to tell me anything, anyway, are you? Men. All the same.”
Where the hell had John disappeared to? This woman wanted to discuss sex toys with him and he was not prepared.
Some of the more supengstitious Pobedans are slow to warm to Anahera, influenced by ancient pengtales of the mischief and mayhem wrought by emperors wearing divergent coats. Others are quite eager to gain Anahera’s favour, imagining she can somehow bestow them with blessings and privilege. Though Sherlock bristles equally under ignorant censure and false platitudes, Anahera treats them all with kindness and respect. She tells Sherlock that over the course of her lifetime, she has come to understand that just as she is who she is, they are who they are, and there is little she can do to sway a staid mind. An undecided mind, however, will often blossom under a gentle touch.
“I take it you’re sure, then, love?”
John laughed, and dug a tissue out of his pocket. Sherlock blew his nose and cleaned himself up, and flipped through the book again. He would need time, a lot of time, to go through it the way he wanted to, photo by photo, memorizing the details of each and every one.
“I'd like that. I'll stay all summer, just you and me and Granddad and the bees. Can we watch a movie tonight?”
Many of you have been waiting a very long time for images of John's bill. That's because, way back in Chapter 6, which was posted in August 2015, I described John's bill like this:
The colony waits ten degrees of the sun away, a black and white collage of miniature huddles and satellite emperors shifting and stretching as night lifts away from them. His belly barrels under him, full and taut, and his feathers are slick and healthy with the oils of his prey. In spite of his size, and perhaps due to his shape, Sherlock shoots over the frozen surface, not stopping until he must rest for breath. He listens for the sounds of the colony but hears only the wind, so he drops to the ice and pushes on. He does not stop again until the sounds of home greet him.
“Like what?”
something like that, Ma. You just are who you are.”
“He said that Daniel has offered to drive to Pitlochry as early as tomorrow and he’ll let me know as soon as the details are set.”
"And then one day, in our very recent past, two emperors found that tooth. They didn’t know anything about Pōrangi, so they had no idea what they’d stumbled upon. They thought it looked interesting, though, so they put it in a secret place with all their other treasures, and that was the end of that. Or, so they thought. Because it turns out there was an interloper amongst them—someone meddling where she did not belong—and she had been spying on our two little pengs.
His wet feathers dry against the pouch flap's warmth, until he is light silver grey all over, puffed up with dense down. He has a white mask that covers his face, chin, neck and ears, and his black eyes are centred near his short, black bill.
“No, it’s not the same thing.”
“You really are amazing. But still, how are we going to get in?”
"We believe her name was Pōrangi."
“Thank you for seeing me this afternoon. I know that I could have met Sherlock privately, and I hope to have some time with him alone after this, but for now I felt it important that I make my intentions known to you, his parents, as it’s customary in my family to go about things a certain way.
“Are you okay?”
He crawled back out, suede Pumas in hand, intending to feign shock at her interference, but Maiko was already gone.
Now Sherlock’s brain was in serious trouble because if John did not care, and John kissed Sherlock, and Sherlock’s brain continued to jump the rails, God knew what he might say. He could say anything, everything, rude things, thoughtless things, dangerous things.
John gave Sherlock’s earlobe a quick suck, then rolled off him. The bed dipped as John moved to the side, and a rush of cool air chased away the coziness as John stood up and threw the blankets back.
“The chaos may be a bit overwhelming but at the end of it all, it’s a big day for you, Sherlock. We want you to look back fondly on it for a long time to come.”
They watched him go, and turned back to their coffee.
“Johnling, I am leaving soon and I will be away for two moons. We haven't had two arcs of the sun alone since Anahera brought us our egg.”
Sherlock can see the struggle on John’s face. “I did. But I only wanted to stop her. I didn’t mean to kill her.”
Vela, the storyteller
“Yeah, we’re gonna watch some movies, too, probably a bunch of Bond back to back, like a marathon. Probably not a million times, but close.”
“Of course I didn't tell her!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Hysteria does not make a good foundation upon which to build a relationship.
Sherlock didn’t stop to consider that his hand was not covered, so technically John could hold it if he wanted. He just said, “Yes.”
Sherlock’s brain speeds through various rooms in his ice palace, quickly making connections. He remembers that Ika was Kororā’s half-brother, God of the Seas, born of the star Atutahi and the male god Terra.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have interrupted you like that.”
“Hello, Lestra. Hello, Molling.”
“ … so that's it really. Make sure he's completely fatigued and out of steam by the time his head hits the, em, pillow, and he sleeps.”
Greg and Kevin were in the next room and had a prime people-watching spot at a table facing the bar. Sherlock and John squeezed in next to them, Sherlock next to Kevin against the wall and John next to Greg on the opposite side.
“What?”
“I won’t last long, Sherlock.”
He licked the back of John’s neck, tasting the salt left on the surface of his skin, and ran his nose through John’s hair, from the hairline at the nape of his neck, up to the crown of his head. “You really worked up a sweat today, didn’t you?”
John pulled Sherlock’s shirt off and tossed it on the bottom of the bed, then nudged his jeans down until they sat low on his hips. He turned his palms toward Sherlock, fingers pointing down, and slid them inside Sherlock’s underwear toward his hips. “Tell me more about the magazine. Did you learn anything?”
When the driveway was done, Mr. Watson cut the engine and climbed out of the truck. Sherlock and John put down their shovels and went to meet him, stomping packed snow from their boots as they went.
Sherlock and John claimed the couch, thighs pressed together, plates balanced on their laps. They kept refilling each other’s wine glasses, and Harry glared at them each and every time. They made sure to fill her glass of apple cider, too, until she huffed and moved it out of reach.
No one moved.
“Yes.”
Saint John of Sex outshines you
Rentals in hand, they found an empty bench and toed off their boots. John reached into the backpack and pulled out two extra pairs of thick socks and handed one to Sherlock.
“Have you decided when you’re going?” Mr. Watson was looking at John, but John was still staring dazedly out the kitchen window, so Mr. Watson turned to Sherlock, instead.
John still looked like he wanted to order Sherlock right on top of the table, but he put his glass down and picked up his menu. “Um, I don’t know. I don’t know what half this stuff is. Like cashew-lime puree.”
“Babe?”
Sherlock put the tray down but didn’t sit. “What would you like to drink? We’ve got beer, and wine, red and white. And a bottle of rosé that looks like it’s seen better days.”
“Get in the bath, John.”
“What do you want to do tomorrow?”
Someone tapped Sherlock on the shoulder.
"Mm. But you were married to The Work, remember?"
“So romantic.”
“Oh please,” Mary spit out, “don’t flatter yourself.”
god no no no no no no no no no
“Perfect timing,” Mrs. Watson said, lifting pancakes off another griddle with a spatula while she fiddled with the heat control for the burner. She put the pancakes on top of a tower of more pancakes, then poured more batter.
“Um, something like that.”
He stops now, expecting John to jump in and contradict him, but John is sitting quietly, not saying a word, and after a moment Sherlock continues.
John steps forward and places a warm hand on Sherlock's waist, over the corset, his thumb rubbing lightly against one of the stays. His eyes are on Sherlock's rosy nipples now, pert little nubs that peaked in the cool air that came in with John. He runs one hand up Sherlock's long, graceful neck, and into the curls at the back of his head. He holds out the bottle of champagne in his other hand, eyes dropping to the stockings and G-string. “Why don't you open this and pour us some, and I'll, em, go get a bit more comfortable?”
“What would behaving myself entail?”
Sherlock gave as good as he got for as long as he could, but with John using his arms, thighs, hips, hands, and mouth so creatively, Sherlock eventually succumbed and let John reduce him to an incoherent, writhing mess.
Harriet took her elbows off the table. Mrs. Watson took off her apron, hung it on the hook on the pantry door, and left the room. Her footsteps were quiet going up the stairs. Her crying was not.
John sounded stuck somewhere in a Venn diagram of mindblown and desperate and elated, and his moaning was going to make Sherlock come in his pants.
“May I hold her?”
Getting ready for bed was a study in domesticity, the two of them brushing their teeth side by side and taking turns relieving themselves. John scrubbed his hands while Sherlock peeled off his jeans and shirt, and Sherlock washed his face while John added his clothes to the dirty pile in the corner of the closet. While Sherlock flicked off the bathroom and main lights, John pulled the duvet out from under the pillows and turned off the bedside lamps.
“When I last saw him –” and here Sherlock’s voice trembles, because saying those five words out loud breaks his heart in so many ways, “– he was entirely black and white, with no fluff left. He had yet to show his yellow markings, or his bill colour, much like myself, but he stands out among the many. His eyes are sharp, and so expressive, and his left wing trembles and shakes when he’s angry. And he’s adorable, too. When he is surprised, or terribly focussed on something, the tip of his tongue peeks out of his bill. Also, he is an amazing kisser.”
“Right, West Palm Beach,” Rudy said. “How is Vicky doing?”
“We do,
“I know you do. You're so sensitive. You want more?”
Sherlock chases his mouth now, kisses him hard. "One. Double."
"Aren't they teaching you anything over here in the northwest quadrant?" Sherlock winces to himself and hopes that the other chick won’t think that was rude of him. He could not care less if others find him rude, but not this one. Sherlock wants this one to like him.
John guided Sherlock up and out of the shower and over to a low bench. He sat down, tugging Sherlock by the hand until he sat, too. “This is what I think, okay? I think you should look at all those photos, really look at them, and look at the ones that Mrs. Hudson has, and my parents, and all the photos that I got that I didn’t put in the album, and I think you should let your parents back in. I think you should rebuild those memories, because I think it’s all still in there, and you’ve just blocked it, somehow.”
John stared out the window and raised his eyebrows. “
John frowned. “But that’s basically you paying for my tuition.”
“He's not going to leave you, you know.”
They took their seats along the green leather banquettes, Sherlock with his back to the wall and a view of the rain-slick cobblestone street, John with his back to the window, their knees and feet bumping under the table as they shifted about and settled in. Sherlock wondered if he should’ve made that comment about how tactile John was. Even though he’d quickly clarified that he didn’t mind how often John touched him, John seemed to have become self-conscious about the habit and hadn’t done it as much since. And that, he thought, was a damn shame. Sherlock nudged his knee against John’s under the table, just to let him know that he truly didn’t mind. John didn’t move his knee away, and Sherlock’s thigh began to tingle.
“Show Mycroft what you have learned, and work with him, not against him.
“Totally.”
John's fingers were dancing over Sherlock's ribs, and Sherlock was wheezing and gasping for breath. “Stop! Stop! I love them! I love Calvin and – Oh god, stop!”
“Hush. Don't tell anyone.”
"Jawn?"
“Of course.”
“How did I not know this?”
intelligent, quick-witted, knowing
“I’ve changed my mind, Greg. John Watson can stay. There’s absolutely nothing wrong with his technique.”
“The rest?”
“I want companionship and affection, mostly. I think I have a lot to offer someone, if they’ll have me. I’m not a bad bloke, you know. I had planned on being in the Army for, well, for a lot longer than I was. And I had planned on being a surgeon as well, but things have changed. If I’m going to lead a civilian life, I’d like to make the most of it. I’d like to do it with a partner. I’d like to figure out the best way for me to go back into medicine. You know that my parents are gone and that they left me the estate. It’s nothing compared to your family home, but I’d love to be able to fix it up and have it as a second home for me and my spouse should I ever have one.”
“Give me your hands.”
“No. I think you haven’t eaten in eighteen hours. Finish that.”
“Yeah, okay. Let's see.” John's fingertips traced the shape of Sherlock through his jeans. “We've got the radix, corpus, epithelium, and glans, or head. On the dorsal side there are the two corpora cavernosa, and on the ventral side there's the corpus spongiosum. The end of the corpus spongiosum forms the glans, which supports the prepuce, which is attached to the frenulum. The base of the glans is called the corona. And that line along the ventral side? That's the perineal raphe. It runs from the meatus across the scrotum to the perineum.”
“And have him arrested based on what evidence?”
Oh, Anahera, you clever, clever … peng?
cousin
“She is. John and I like her very much.”
“She wants you to steal an egg for her.”
“That’s the Sears Tower. They renamed it in 2009, when a London-based insurance broker bought it. There was uproar, petitions, all sorts of protests. Most Chicagoans refuse to call it the Willis.”
“Yes, of course. This is a step in the right direction, don’t you think?”
Western White Pine: 420 lb
Sherlock wriggles to turn over and John shifts to make it easier, then lowers himself back down, hips aligned, head on Sherlock's shoulder. He feels Sherlock's hands run lightly up and down his back and under the waistband of his pyjama bottoms, stopping only when they are cupping John's arse and softly kneading the smooth, warm flesh. He sighs, relaxed and at home in Sherlock's arms. Sherlock rubs his nose through John's short, grey hair and presses one small kiss to the crown of his head.
Still, John had a clarinet. Could Sherlock play the clarinet? No, no he could not.
“Are you even listening to me?”
and all day long
He took a step closer and ran his finger across the edge of the inlaid walnut cabinet. Maybe he could just open the drawer and settle the folder back inside so that the drawer could close properly? Sherlock hooked a finger around the gold handle and pulled it toward him. He pulled harder. The drawer came open to the rattle of its contents being jumbled about. Under the protruding folder were several more, all of them sitting on top of an assortment of discarded mementos: postcards and receipts, bookmarks and photographs, pens and pencils. He tapped his finger on the folder and sighed. Did one of these files belong to the other person John had been dating at the same time as Sherlock?
"What are we doing here?"
The en suite bathroom was bigger than Sherlock’s studio apartment at school. He took in the matte-white clawfoot tub at the far end, the long countertop with two ceramic vessel sinks, and the shower with three glass sides. The shower was big enough for three or four people, and had a large, overhead rain feature, and wall-mounted massage jets. Next to the enclosed shower he spotted towel heaters, and two hooks for bathrobes, but only one bathrobe.
John kissed the back of Sherlock’s neck, and the warm spot he left tingled and spread over Sherlock's skin. John sighed and his breath ruffled Sherlock’s hair, and then he pressed his toes to Sherlock’s Achilles heels and Sherlock opened his eyes and smiled into the darkness. Leaving the day behind and succumbing to the darkness could be such a lonely affair. He’d never realised before what a solitary venture it was, not until he had someone next to him. Falling asleep with John felt like a journey to look forward to, not a necessity that his body and brain needed to function.
shit shit shit shit fuck fuckshit shit goddamnit fucking shit cocksucker
“I have spoken with Hudi, and she has informed me of the loss of your personal artefacts from the ice cave. She feels certain that Moringa absconded with these items. I must admit, I was reluctant to assign blame so soon, without endeavouring to understand her motives. Now, however, I believe I may understand.
“Actually, I do.” Sherlock rearranged himself in his jeans and put the car in reverse.
), and before he'd even made his first post he had six followers, but they were all porn blogs, and John said they didn't count, so an amendment was added to the deal that porn blogs and bots would not be included in the total follower count. In fact, they both agreed to block any such blog that followed them. John immediately lost 163 followers.
“I don’t care.”
“Yeah, yeah, of course you can. This must be kind of hard for you. I hadn’t really thought of it.” Lestra moves to shimmy out of the seaweed bound across his shoulders, neck, and chest, but Sherlock stops him with a small shake of his head and a tap of his wing to the centre of the heartstone.
They bundled up in their coats, boots, and hats, and went around to the garage, where Sherlock usually left the station wagon during the winter. John stood outside while Sherlock backed out, then pulled the garage door shut, and jumped in. It was a short drive to John’s, but they took it slow, some of the snow embankments over seven feet tall.
John obliged. He set a pace that had them both working to stay in place; Sherlock pushing back against the headboard so he wouldn’t skid forward with each thrust, and John pulling on Sherlock’s hips to keep him balanced over his knees.
“You absolute idiot.”
“Sherlock.” John looks up at him, and he has the silliest look on his face, so serious, so focussed, as if he has not heard one word that Sherlock has said, and is about to explain for the one-thousandth time the deliciousness of silverfish.
“Mm, yeah, it doesn't burn anymore. You still feel enormous, but it's more comfortable, it's, I think if I—oh, fuck, yeah.” John stopped, tilted his hips, and slid down again. “Oh God, Sherlock. I think I found my prostate.”
John squirmed in his seat. “Nothing, really. I’ve been doing some online research, and it all seems pretty straight-forward, but …”
Erebus fades fast, his head sinking lower on his chest, his eyes fighting to stay open. Sherlock bows to Erebus, his bill touching the ice. He stays that way until he feels a light touch on his back.
John pushed himself up onto one elbow and buried his nose in Sherlock’s hair. “Babe? Can you talk?”
The birthday chapter grew and grew and grew until I decided it needed to be split. The next part will follow shortly, and by shortly, I mean no later than tomorrow.
Instead, Sherlock had switched gears and told John about the university’s financial assistance programs, which he’d already researched. He’d explained that of the 1,508 starting freshman in the 2015-2016 school year, 963, or 61 percent, had applied for financial aid. 77 percent of those were deemed eligible, and of those 724 students, 100 percent of them had had their needs met in full.
“It’s him. He’s definitely hiding something about his or his brother’s identity but I’m more concerned about his intent to kill James at this point. When is your next date?”
Yawns.
“All I’m saying is I have a second room he could stay in. He’d be out from under your feet and he’d be safer with me than he is here.” Annette scraped the roast potatoes off the baking sheet with a spatula and scooped them into a serving dish.
“She intercepted me, right here, at this very spot – I was coming to look for you, you see, and she stopped me, and she said that it was urgent that she talk to me, that she set things right, because she needed to explain why she had done the things she'd done, why she had pursued me, even when she knew that I was with you, even that first summer, on Cassiopeia, all those times she tried to manipulate me, like the time she tried to stay behind and find a place on the Junior Council, do you remember that? And you talked to Erebus, and he intervened, and sent her on her way –”
“Yes, a date. It’s when two people who like each other go out and have fun. Right, Sherlock?”
"I remember much more kissing."
"Well thass all right, then."
"Near the diving hole? Too old. We don't want her to die of snowball shock syndrome."
“You’re not going to lose it.”
“My hand?”
Sherlock tuned in and out as Mycroft and Kevin discussed politics (there was no way Trump would take the Republican party’s primary nomination, was there?), Kevin, Greg, and John talked about Greg’s efforts to redefine his career, Kevin and John discussed the perfection of Sherlock’s new shirt, and Mycroft gave Greg, Kevin, and John a primer on the corn futures market.
The kissing surrounded him, pulled him apart, set him buzzing in a way that had little to do with his mind and everything to do with his body. It startled him, how easily he could switch tracks like that and lose sight of what he most valued, the focused thinking by which he defined himself. It was only a handful of kisses and there he was, lost and floundering. If that’s what a kiss did, what would so much more touching do?
John brushed one palm under Sherlock's balls, and circled his hole with the tip of his index finger.
Sherlock shouldered the glass door open and sighed at the long queue in front of him. He thought about retreating and finding another coffee shop, or forgoing the caffeine altogether, but figured it would be the same scene in all the campus coffee shops this morning. Of all the days for his coffee maker to go on the blink, the first day of exams was the least opportune.
, but it looks good!
“Let me see.”
2. Emperors do not nest, and they do not exchange rocks, but they do call, and once paired, they do parade.
“You can work on whatever you want.”
Sherlock stepped forward, ringing his hands in front of his belly button, wondering if he should make a noise and call attention to himself or just walk to the bed and see what happened. What happened was that John saved him from making a decision by looking up just then and practically dropping the bottle.
Sherlock is not nearly as impressed with Mycroft as everyone else. His opinion of his elder brother is very much influenced by the amount of time the rotund bird spends eating and glaring over his bloated belly at everyone else.
Would he have done it differently? If John was estranged from a family member, and let’s face it, John was rather estranged from his mother right now, and Sherlock had a way to bridge that gap but had to keep something from John for a short while, would he do it?
"Let's wait it out up here. That east wind ain't got nothing on these snowballs of terror and destruction."
No one, of course, except Moringa, who finds every reason to linger when she sees the party of four shuffle off for yet another meeting. When she asks them, point blank, what they are talking about, Erebus informs her that they have formed a subcommittee for the evaluation and analysis of trends in the rapidly evolving dynamic of penguin slang amongst the juvenile set.
“Hey, French fry, you okay?” John looked slightly less delighted, a bit more concerned. He dropped his coat and hat on the coffee table and came over to where Sherlock was still standing by the front door. He put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, looked up at him, cocked his head.
Thank you, happierstill, for your beta work on this!
A reminder that emperor pengs reach sexual maturity at about one year of age, but don't reproduce until they're at least three, and often older. I'm interpreting this to mean, in the case of Sherlock and John, that their bodies are adult now, but not capable of everything yet.
“You did what?” John is not laughing.
“I don't know what you're talking about. Pull out another one, Imogen, let's see what you've got there.”
“But it feels so
"That Selvic is here with me now could very well be a dream. Is this a dream, Sherlock?”
John shook his head back and forth under Sherlock’s chin.
He shimmied back a few inches as he worked his way down John’s back, and the first stirrings of arousal took hold when his penis slotted into the cleft of John’s ass. Soft until now, it was as if his cock knew where it was, and with a mind all its own it began to thicken and press into John’s flesh. He ignored it. This was for John.
“You’re kind of scaring me there,
Bereft of anything else to say and no idea on how to fill the hours until he and John would be alone, Sherlock accepted the tea and pulled a chicken sandwich onto a napkin. He figured he could drink tea and nibble on his sandwich for the next ten minutes, which would leave at least another four hours and fifty minutes before Annette and James vacated the premises. He was going to need more than tea.
Sherlock was staring at him in abject horror.
In the south for example, where terms of endearment are used for everyone, you're likely to hear
When they turned back toward the house the front door was already closed, and John and Sherlock took that as their cue to give John’s mom a bit of time to think. They made their way back to Sherlock’s house, thankful for the earlier-than-usual hours they’d get to spend together, made sure Mrs. Hudson had her headphones, and made their way to Sherlock’s bedroom.
“Oh, it's coming, it's, yes, I'm, ohhh—” Sherlock shoved up one last time, held himself tight to John’s ass, his body freezing mid-breath, holding, suspended, then exploding, pulsing, seizing.
“How are you going to that?”
He felt John's hand settle on his thigh, and an unfurling in his chest.
was when I realized how much you must really love me.”
Sherlock pulls John closer and looks him right in the eye. “If the legend is true, we can do anything, John. If this is Pōrangi’s tooth, and contains the power of a God, we have a connection to Ika himself, and to Kororā. We can save them. We can save her, and Pono, and maybe we can bring Aumārire back. And, if we can bring Aumārire back, we can overcome the apologists, and we can be together, without anyone trying to stop us.”
“Not even.”
. You just punched this guy who was a dick to me, and we need to go
“John, is this accurate?”
“Why don’t they want anyone to know? A million reasons. Self-image, self-protection, fear of what others will think or say or do, or maybe they aren’t entirely comfortable with who they are, or how they feel about each other, or maybe they’re afraid they’ll see someone they know. Tons of reasons. Maybe they have religious guilt, or frat boy guilt, or just plain guilt. Maybe they’re afraid if they let down their guard they won’t be able to put it back up. Maybe they’re overly invested in what complete strangers think about them.”
“Mycroft. Greg, it looks like you’re being recruited.”
And John was going to let him have it.
“Please, Sherlock,” John whispered, and Sherlock realized that, as his mouth was not currently occupied, he could put it to good use, and still do what he was doing with his finger. He inched up between John’s thighs, inserted his finger a little further, and licked a stripe up the snake-like veins of John’s erection.
“Are you tired?”
“Hey, Kevin, could you give us a minute?” John reached across the table and grabbed Sherlock’s hands. “Or no, you know what? You stay, we’ll be right back.”
“By text. She didn’t even respond, so it couldn’t have been very serious on her end, either.”
They pressed themselves together, chest to toe, and kissed. God, this man, his man, Sherlock thought. He was everything. Could do everything. Made him feel everything. John’s mouth was sweet and tender on his, slow, unhurried. John’s mouth was love. Sherlock summoned up the contents of his heart, and kissed right back.
Sherlock pulled John further into the room, and tossed the jacket over the back of the desk chair. John started undoing the buttons of his shirt, smiling at Sherlock, leaning in for a quick kiss.
They spent the afternoon running last minute Thanksgiving errands for John’s mom. She’d handed them a list from a pad of paper with little cherries running along the top, and then pulled three 20’s out of her wallet, the same one she used to pull quarters out of when they were little.
Sherlock has heard the legends of fire, how it lives on the surface of the sun, that all the earth’s creatures flee in the face of its mighty, wild phoenix, this beast that grows and destroys and dies in ash. The legends are wrong. He’s sure of it. If the sun is made of fire, then John is the sun, and Sherlock will walk straight into its heart, and ask for more. He cannot get enough.
“I’m going kind of stir crazy,” Sherlock said, folding the dish towel into thirds and hanging it over the faucet. “How about you?”
John giggles and tells him it's all right, that he won’t start without him, then disappears again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and reached for his darkest, tightest jeans. “Yes, but the shirt, how does it look?”
Sherlock doesn't show it, but he's surprised. He takes a second, longer look at Nikau. “Why do you think we're going to the High Council?”
He is blond, tan, and absolutely naked.
“And that’s why you don’t like to be touched? You can’t think?”
“How much of this had he told you?” Sherlock asked in the general direction of his water glass.
and yet, anilingus
He thought back over their two weeks in Chicago, about how easy and normalized it had become for him and John to be relaxed around each other. They never ever would have held hands at home. They’d had to purposefully keep space between them that day at the mall. It had been exhausting to Sherlock to not follow his natural instincts, to not hold John’s hand, to not kiss him or put an arm around him. It wasn’t even that, though, it was so much more subtle than that.
“How’s that?”
“Well, that's good, isn't it? That he's home?”
“Well, we won’t have one, but it’s a tradition when there’s a bride. Have you actually read the BIG-SAM?”
“The kid, he was biting on the glove and the captain started to, started to spank him. He told him he was going to give him twenty swats to teach him his lesson.”
Sherlock held his breath and waited as John slid forward and leaned down. He held his breath as John cupped the side of Sherlock’s face with one hand and moved closer. He held his breath as John brushed his lips across Sherlock’s, then he took a deep breath and tilted his head. John’s lips slotted perfectly between his own. They stayed there for a moment, bumping noses and playing with the angle, tasting each other with the tiniest of movements. When John opened his mouth a little more and licked Sherlock’s lower lip with the tip of his tongue, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s neck and pulled him flush against himself.
& & &
“Yeah. I know.” Sherlock got up and crossed the room to where John was standing, half-dressed. “Keep the shirt. Wear it for the next week, then send it to me, unwashed.”
“I must've had a crush on you from the very beginning, but I didn't know that's what it was. I thought it just meant you were my best friend. I thought that's how all best friends felt. Yeah, and then, I don't know, puberty hit, and I started to notice you more. I mean, physically. So, yeah, for a lot of junior year, and all of senior year, I thought about this a lot.”
“Nothing! Nothing, really. We don't even have to do anything, we can just hang out.” Sherlock wondered when John had become so adept at reading him, then gave himself a mental eye-roll. Probably when he was about five years old, because was there anything about Sherlock that John didn't know, or couldn't figure out? No. No, there was not.
Sherlock opens his eyes and cranes his head back a bit, just in case John is still shooting close range daggers at him. One look at John’s adorable face, though, and Sherlock scooches right back, and rubs his neck against John’s, and his cheek, and his bill.
“She told me she had an idea she thought you might like, and that she would be back soon.”
“Why would you possibly want to know that?” John said, wrapping one hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulling at the curls there.
(See the end of the chapter for
, everyone is entitled to voice their opinion, no matter how misguided. I wish to eliminate the negative consequences of those voices against same-peng couples. I wish to be protected against the actions spurred by those voices, for they will rise, again and again, for all the ages of the emperors."
“Yeah. The answer is ‘orgasmic ecstasy squared.’”
“Sorry. It’s hard to turn off sometimes.”
"He kind of never stops talking about you," she giggles.
“No.”
She startles him when she says, “I bet Mary would have liked to see some of those pictures, too.”
“I’m sorry it didn’t work out.”
John rolled over on top of Sherlock, who grunted, then rolled back with a handful of tissues. He tossed half of them in Sherlock's face before reaching down to wipe at his own belly and thighs. “Do I need to clean you up, too, or would you prefer to wake up with those hotel sheets glued to your dick?”
Sherlock rolled up onto his elbows and kissed John. “This is good. Let’s see how it goes.”
Next to him, John shook his head and threw his arm over his face. “You have nothing to apologise for, Sherlock. You’re so fucking hot. Everything you say, everything you do, you’re just so fucking hot and I want you so badly. I got carried away and I put you in a position that I shouldn’t have put you in. I should be the one apologising to you. I know you’re not ready for that kind of intimacy, and I was selfish, and I, God, I’m just sorry. I’ll leave you alone now. I’ll go downstairs and you can, I don’t know, just … I’m sorry.”
“Maybe?”
John does not wake up. Sherlock whispers a little louder. Still nothing.
Thank you for reading! I devour comments the way I do truffles and bon-bons ...
John reached over and felt under the Afghan for the control. “Where is it?”
“And this is a safe place for him? Was he going to break in?”
Sherlock kept up a steady stream of commentary as they waited for the elevator, but as soon as they stepped inside, John pushed him up against the mirrored wall and pulled him down into a kiss. Sherlock happily gave up words for John’s tongue, and would’ve kept kissing indefinitely had John not broken away to announce they were at their floor.
“You’d put that Lucky Tiger lip balm on your lips and think of me. You’d use that face cream and think of me. You’d shampoo your hair and—”
“A drink! Yes. Excellent. I’m pretty sure my parents left some Scotch or something around. Let me look.” Sherlock fled to the kitchen and rummaged through the cupboards until he found something that looked drinkable. He fetched ice and two tumblers as well, and then set it all on a tray and carried it back to the front room where he set it down on the coffee table.
“Tell me about your staff.”
“Yes, and then what?”
John crammed the cookie in his mouth and grinned. “I’ll eat lots of protein at dinner tonight,” he mumbled through a mouthful of crumbs.
“I am very well,
“Ten?”
Stan's Donuts; with all gratitude for the introduction going to mandysimo13. There are a few of these throughout Chicago, so if you're in town be sure to find the one closest to you, and go!
Sherlock nodded and tried to relax. Maybe he’d be able to relax later, or tomorrow, or next year, depending on how this went. He stayed with Greg as John went to the bar to get a Coke. If Laffitte asked, he’d say there was Bacardi in it, and this way avoid drinking alcohol while in the other man’s presence.
“I may have an even bigger escape for you.”
“Which side of the bed do you want, John?”
Sherlock closed his eyes and shuddered. “Oh. Say it again.” When he opened his eyes John was looking at him with a concerned look on his face. “What's wrong?”
“You just have to prompt him, and he’ll say the right things.”
“We should go somewhere for spring break.”
“Yeah, remember? I got you something, too, something that you might want to use tonight and going forward.”
Sherlock rolled to his side and peered at John, still asleep in the dark. He shuffled closer and pressed his face between John’s shoulder blades, breathed him in. Sherlock’s cock throbbed. He pressed down on it with the flat of his hand. His body felt flushed, sweaty, like he’d run a race to be here at John’s side. He rested one hand on John’s hip and gave him a gentle squeeze. He could feel the dip of John’s groin under his fingers. God, how he wanted to reach down just that little bit more and take John in his hand. To learn him, to know him the way John had known Sherlock in the dream.
“You asked! You asked if I remembered, and I was just clarifying! I’m tired. You should’ve let me sleep.”
“Of course. I apologize Erebus, for taxing you and adding to your fatigue. I will say goodbye for now, dear friend, but only until I come back. And when I do come back, we will greet our
Sherlock would very much like to ask Maryle to just hack it up already, but John has already stepped forward, his voice soft with concern.
"John."
“Go. Take the scarf to Sarah’s. It’s twenty minutes into town, five minutes of small talk, thirty minutes back.”
"No."
“Not yet, babe. Not yet.” John crawled down Sherlock’s body, settled between his thighs, blew a soft breath over his balls and cock. “You’re so beautiful. Look at you. Look at the lights on you.”
“Yeah.”
“He, oh God, he started rutting against the captain’s pants, trying to, oh, to jack off against the captain’s thigh, and he was moaning around the glove.”
the evidence makes a strong case
“Twenty-four, twenty-five, suburban Chicagoans staying in Boys Town for the night, recently had a fight over something sexual. The shorter one is really pissed off.”
Lestra tosses the chip into the water, and by the time he has counted to eight, Sherlock has factored the weight of the chip, angle of the toss, speed of the drop, and the force and direction of the sea’s current, into a computation that solves for the trajectory of the ice chip, and the distance it will have reached by the time he enters the water.
“Yes, Mr. Holmes, I’m sure your balls aren’t frostbitten.” He kissed him again and pulled the blankets up as high as he could. “Are you comfortable?”
Imi studies John for a moment, her mouth twisted and her eyebrows scrunched, then she runs back up the stairs, yelling, “I've got just the thing!” She's back in less than a minute, her hands held behind her back, her whole body giggling with delight.
“Well, what did you wish for?” Greg asked.
✓ ask Sarah out // JFC FOR THE LOVE OF GOD NEVER AGAIN
Molling’s voice is soft and shy when she answers, and Sherlock can see that Molling is intimidated by Anahera’s unusual appearance. “We think she has a very good chance of surviving her injuries. She will be very weak until she has fully recovered, which may take a while. Cetus will tell you more, but she will need to eat certain types of fish to help her regain her strength.”
Sherlock gathered dishes and loaded them in the sink, but Mrs. Hudson chased him off. “You go spend time with John, dear. I know you want to.”
“Mmm?”
John arrives a moment later, yawning. He slouches against Sherlock and grumbles a good morning, then asks, "What were you and Erebus talking about?"
before
“Did you know that your Granddad is writing a book, too?”
Doctor, killer
Sherlock turned and looked at John, both eyebrows raised. “Will you?”
The others have stopped talking, and are looking at him. He doesn’t know what they’ve said. Perhaps they asked him something. It doesn’t matter. “I’m sorry. I am not feeling well. I do not mean to be rude, but I wonder if Elder Rika might meet with us, sooner rather than later. I don’t think I’ll be able to –”
Sherlock ran his fingers up the duvet and curled them under John's chin, lightly tugging until John turned to look at him. He skated one thumb over John's mouth and sighed, then wrapped that hand around the back of John's head, softly rubbing fingertips into his hair. From down the hall came the clatter of Mrs Hudson's heels, then the yoo-hoo trill of her announcing herself.
“For what?”
“We could sell the entire property, or just the crop-producing acreage if you wish to keep the house.”
John shrugged. “I cleaned up best I could before the ceremony started, so I doubt you’ll see my pants hanging off a bedpost or anything.”
"Say yes."
"You wish. You'd actually like that, so no, I don't think so."
John went owl-eyed, threw his head back, and shouted, “YES!”
Sherlock joins the end of the line and others fall into place behind him. He wonders if any other same-peng male has ever left his
“Hundreds of cars were towed off the streets, including those of elderly people who couldn't get their cars shoveled out. Bilandic told them they should just protest their tickets in court, and explain their hardships to the judge, since that's what judges were for.
“You know my methods, Molly. I track everything.”
“Yes,” Sherlock interjects, “but it could have been any type of seal, even one of the fifty species that are now extinct. Maybe their legend died with their kind.”
“Yeah. I was jerking off, too. I thought if you came up before I was finished, I’d just stop and pull my shorts back up, and you wouldn’t know. But you were gone for a while.”
“The stupidest.”
“Yeah, sometimes. I can't see Harry sticking around to run the place, and I’m pretty sure I don't want to come back here to practice medicine. On the other hand, it seems weird to think about not having a home here, where I grew up, you know? What about you?”
“I assume you asked him questions, as well?”
Sherlock dared to stroke higher, his thumb angled toward John’s hip, his fingers curling toward the inside of John’s leg. When his knuckles grazed the soft skin of John’s bollocks, John gasped and Sherlock jerked his hand back.
“That doesn't work on me anymore,” John laughs, leaning over to wipe a smear of ricotta off Sherlock's lower lip with his thumb.
Many Peng-thanks to KarlyAnne for uploading chapter six for me, and for all her efforts to keep me sane, fix my mistakes, straighten out my various confusions, and cheerlead the hell out of this fic.
John covered Sherlock's mouth with his own before Sherlock could finish, light, sweet, then pulled away with a smile.
“Do you like to swallow?”
“Where are we going?”
“Thank you. Again.”
Sarah was trying hard to draw John out, and John was being polite, but the woman had to see that something was wrong. Or, maybe she didn't. He looked around the room, and took in everyone's smiling faces, their relaxed banter, and he thought, well, maybe not. Maybe only Sherlock could tell something was wrong, because he knew John so well. John would never take out his frustration with his mother on this unassuming not-quite-blind-date, but he wouldn't sit easy with it, either.
John nodded through a mouthful of beef and held up a finger. “Sorry. Mouth is full. Could we get some more sangria? Maybe just half a pitcher this time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He fills in the parts he avoided before, laying down the foundation for manhood, for flesh and hair and shadow on thigh. His own flesh stirs, so very interested in the proceedings, and Sherlock has to pause and shift and resettle himself.
“We are safe again, because of you, Sherlock. Our kind. We are safe. We can bond, we can parade, we can coexist, without fear of our families destroying themselves, without fear of being separated, or alienated, or exiled. We are safe in the arms of our colonies, Sherlock. All I have done is given you an egg. Now, if you will excuse me, I have promised Tui that I would spend the day with her, and only her, and I believe that I hear her calling.”
“Looking for this?”
John’s kiss was soft and tentative. He teased, taking little sips of Sherlock, who stood, transfixed, bombarded with the sensations of John’s warm mouth against his, his clean smell between them, his
Cetus takes a deep breath, humming in consideration when he exhales. His expression is a study in focussed concentration.
Sherlock let go of his thighs and wrapped his arms around John’s back, and let his legs fall open. The movement caused his lower back to round off the bed, which changed the way John was sliding in and out of him, and he froze in that position.
, and they were there, at the open door to the flat.
“I won our wager in large part because I figured out what people like to see, and what they like to see are pictures of animals that personify you and I in compromising situations. In a discussion with one follower in particular, whose name may be interesting to you at a later time, it was made clear to me that the majority of our followers feel that you and I are meant to be together, that you love me but I have not been able to recognize that sentiment for what it is, and that you do not recognize the nature of my sentiment for you. This hypothesis was further proved when you gave me the winning count, out of some act of selflessness on your part, and in exchange, I’d like to ask you to kiss me, but only if the kiss means that you feel for me the way I think you feel for me. If you do not feel the same way, then I’d ask you not to kiss me, because that would be more than I could bear, John.”
Fortunately, he didn’t have to, because before he could begin to obfuscate his observational prowess, Molly came out of the office, her face blotchy and her eyes swollen, with the detective and shop owner right behind her. The detective directed a few more words in Molly’s direction before following the owner through a swinging door behind the counter and presumably out the back door. Molly hitched her handbag up on her shoulder and headed towards the front door, and John stood up and crossed the floor to meet her.
And then, she winked.
It’s not that he hadn’t thought about John Watson. It’s that he never stopped thinking about John Watson.
Sherlock licked his lips. “You’re gorgeous. Look at you.” He ran his hands up John’s body, circling his nipples with his thumbs before trailing them through his wet chest hair and back down to his waist. John’s cock twitched as Sherlock gripped his hips and dug his fingers into the sides of John’s arse. “Gorgeous.”
Mrs. Hudson appeared in the hallway and Sherlock took the vacuum from her.
“Of course I do. Thank you, Sherlock.”
Mrs. Watson glared at him.
“Yes, but it can also mean a distant time.”
let’s
John popped up from underneath and stepped back a few feet. “It’s a bit crooked but if we angle that side toward the front windows it should be okay. Ready? Tell me if it needs adjustments.”
John reaches toward Sherlock and hooks his finger under the hem of the corset, yanking him forward, then begins undoing the hook and eye clasps holding the edges together. As each one pops open John runs his fingers along the revealed skin, and when the last one is undone he places the corset on the bed, then runs his hands up and down Sherlock's ribs.
"You – left – an unsolved serial murder case –"
“Why you're going to the High Council.”
After, John stood outside the shop, leaning against the wall beneath the awning. It dripped occasionally in front of him as he sipped his coffee, the rain having tapered off. When his mobile vibrated in his pocket he had to set Molly’s cup down on the windowsill beside him to fish it out.
Shall I wake you?
“She has all these printouts that she says prove it but she wouldn’t let me see them. She gave them all to Detective Donovan and she said she’d give them to a financial forensics investigator and in the meantime, I’m out of a job and I’m not supposed to come here at all.” Molly wiped at her eyes and tucked a strand of mousy brown hair behind her ear. “Why would she do this to me? Why does she hate me so much?”
“Yeah, um, Levi’s over here. 501 Original Fit, five-button fly, 100% cotton denim. In case anyone was wondering.”
John spread his legs, and sighed, and shifted his hips toward Sherlock, who stroked down again, and under. John sighed again, and now awake, turned onto his side, and threw his arm over Sherlock’s waist.
Sherlock stops blinking long enough to study John for any clues about the nature of their interaction. John is still staring off into the middle of his own befuddlement. He seems unsettled and thoughtful, but not agitated or angry.
Sherlock waited for him to disappear into the kitchen again, then grabbed his underwear and shirt and pulled them underneath the covers. John put his hand on Sherlock’s forearm to still him for a moment, then put his mouth to his ear.
"Yes. I would like that very much."
“Mm?”
“Tui? Oh. Yes. Yes, of course we are. We’re going with you, Sherlock.” She says this as she stares at Tui, who stares back, resolute. “It makes perfect sense.”
Sherlock shrugged. “The two times I’ve come in so far, before tonight, she was working. The line was long and I was bored so I observed and deduced. It’s something I do. I look at details about people and then translate those tells into clues about them, what they do, who they are.” He swallowed. He’d said too much. This was when John was going to laugh at him, say, “Sure, mate, whatever,” and cut off all contact. He slid his notepaper towards him in a proactive manoeuvre, sure he’d be leaving the coffee shop soon.
“You know I’m not going anywhere, right?”
Sherlock dug his straw around in the ice at the bottom of cup, and made a loud sucking sound. He put the empty glass down, picked up the tray with the remaining drinks, and stepped over Laffitte’s knocked-out body. Back at the table, everyone was silent, staring at John, who was blowing on and shaking his hand.
“What if he doesn’t say anything incriminating? What if he figures out I’m recording him?”
“As a sign of our good faith, in return, she requested a position on the Council. It seems clear to me, now, Moringa,” Siger says, addressing her directly for the first time since he began speaking, “that you suspected the tooth was here, and your suggestion to meet here was part of a multi-faceted plan.”
“You wouldn’t mind having us there?”
“Taverna 750. Five-hundred-fifty-nine reviews, average four stars, American, small plates, and it’s in Boystown.” He nodded. “Sounds good to me. Make a reservation?”
“The ghost-angel
✓ FUCKING RANDOM PASSWORD FOR LAPTOP
“Em, yeah. You?”
Sherlock closes his eyes.
John shook his head. “No. I don’t know much more. Just that he's in town on business and he really wants to talk to you.”
“What’s it called?” Greg snatched the near-empty box away from John and dropped it on the bench next to him.
Sherlock could’ve sworn he’d seen her shoot a look in James’ direction when she said the word honeymoon, but when he glanced over at James the man was still doggedly focused on the newspaper.
"It's very considerate of you to take interest in my arousal, and I do appreciate your attempts to move things along, but –"
“You said—”
“The snow is different here, isn't it?” John asked.
“You were the only one who saw me like that, instead of weird.”
He turned the knob and stepped in, then took the cake from John and set it on the desktop. There was an ice bucket with another bottle of Champagne in it and two flutes nearby, no doubt placed there by one of the ubiquitous clipboard girls. Hands-free, Sherlock was quite unsure what to do with himself. He fidgeted with the cork of the bottle.
Sherlock glanced at John, and John met his eye with something steady and reassuring in his expression.
Sherlock took a step back and reached for John’s hands as they slipped off his hips. “Might not want to kiss you? I find that highly improbable. What is it?”
Sherlock hummed something he hoped sounded affirmative.
“I’m already, I’m …”
They both stared at it. They turned and stared at John’s cappuccino.
When Kororā selects a female as a mate, a frail and handicapped peng named Pono, an elder named Apo interferes. He takes Pono's egg, and Pono dies. Kororā comes back, plucks Pono's heart out of her chest, and gives it to Apo, along with the burden of finding the next Aumārire. Kororā takes Pono's body, and the unhatched egg, and returns to the skies. Apo throws the heart into the tundra, and disappears. Pengs lose the ability to fly after this.
Sherlock had studied the Pitlochry Paths brochure that morning and quizzed John on what they were likely to see on each of the various hikes. Ultimately, they’d decided on the Clunie trail, which would take them over the Port-na-Craig suspension bridge, and up a steep forest path to Fonab Hill. The twelve-kilometre hike would take about four hours if they did the complete circuit, and when John had suggested that being out of the house for most of the day might make the wait for James’ update pass a bit quicker, Sherlock had agreed.
Sherlock stood up and nodded. “Excellent idea. I’ll be right in.” He waited for John to step inside and close the door before he spoke again.
✓ refill 1st aid safety kit
“Honeymoon.”
“Okay, okay. That’s enough.”
“Oh, my God, Sherlock … Sher … please …”
“If we can't be together there, I'll come to Minnesota.”
“We are all important in our own way, young pengs. Elder Erebus and I have simply had more winters to discover our particular talents, wouldn’t you say, Elder Erebus?”
“Stop ogling dick, Holmes. I said, will it be hard to get a taxi tonight if we go to that party?”
“You're welcome for everything.”
Sherlock read, sliding the first three folders to the bottom of the pile.
Sherlock prepares to respond, but Erebel keeps going.
Tui lies half-buried under a blanket of snow. Anahera may as well be Tui’s ghostly spirit hovering over her, and Sherlock realizes they’ve never seen anything like her before. There is no time for lengthy explanations.
“What’s that?” John says to the egg.
“And she loves Janine, they love each other very much, but they still very much would like to have a family, but of course they cannot have a family without the male gift –”
“Pengfast.”
“We can say goodbye now, if you’d like. I don’t want to disturb you, should I go before you wake. You’ve all been so kind, so generous.”
When Sherlock woke again, John was in the shower, singing along to
“You would do that?”
John kept one elbow planted near Sherlock’s hip and lifted Sherlock’s cock away from his stomach, drawing it up toward his mouth. Sherlock opened his eyes in time to see John press a sweet kiss to the flare of his glans, then lick the same spot with the very tip of his tongue. Sherlock shivered.
The microwave beeped, and she pulled out John’s plate of steaming mashed potatoes and green beans, and set it down across the table from Sherlock.
“What about a daddy?”
“Fine. It’s fine. Just … I wanted to impress you.”
“Not important? The seal tooth that we’ve been obsessing over for the last several days is not important? The one that Moringa stole from us, and we stole back, and have been protecting with our very lives, is not important?”
He sees the exact moment John begins to truly understand, which is the same moment he lets go of his frustration and anger. Sherlock forges ahead.
“Blessings, Sherlock and John. She is lovely.”
They enter the cottage through the back garden, quietly, in case John is still napping on the couch, but he's up now, sitting at the kitchen table with a cup of tea and the local newspaper.
“Why are you wearing underwear?”
“Well, not this second, but we have a lot of options. A lot.”
“Eggs. First, I dreamt that the colony gave us more eggs than I’ve ever seen, hundreds of them. We couldn’t hold them all, and they began to fall. I tried to catch them, but then the dream changed ‒ you know how that happens sometimes? ‒ and then we were old, Johnling, you and I, we were so very old, and our great-great-great-grand-pengs were all around us.”
, and Sherlock's heart is full of sentiment.
"Yeah, I'm getting better, but I'm afraid I'll get worse."
“Do you think it’ll always be like this?”
“They are.”
John smiled. “Yeah, it is. It’ll help me set the pace for our first time.”
Sherlock flipped through the rest of the photos, and pulled one out. He studied it for a moment, then passed it to Greg. “Here. This was my family, before my parents died.”
“Of course. Not a problem. It’s fine.”
But surely, he told himself, he had deduced everything there was to know about John at this point? Nothing damning was lurking in the shadows, and even if there were, wouldn’t John be more forgiving of Sherlock than Victor had been? But on the other hand, what Sherlock had said to Victor … no, it didn’t bear review.
“You know my size?”
He was just brushing the crumbs off his lap and wondering if he’d left his navy blue suit and purple shirt at Baker Street the last time he stayed, and if so if Mrs Hudson had had them cleaned, when his phone buzzed again.
“Mmm,” Kevin hummed through a sip of water.
“You’re actually turned on by this, aren't you?”
The second photograph was of John as a young boy and a slightly younger girl that looked just like him. That must’ve been Harry. They were standing on the banks of a river, looking at each other, laughing. Sherlock wondered what either of them had said to make them laugh like that. Sherlock wondered how long it had been since they had laughed like that, together. He imagined it had been years, given Harry’s bouts with alcoholism.
“Could I have another sliver of this delicious apple pie? It’s like angels made it. And is there any more whipped cream?”
They kissed, then kissed some more, until the kisses faded into the edges of exhaustion, fell silent, and slept.
As if expecting another assault-by-hug, Mycroft thrust his hand out toward Greg, who seemed more than satisfied with a civil handshake. John and Sherlock stood to shake hands, and then John slipped out to use the restroom before everyone took their seats.
“What about me?”
“You’re exactly the same, but even more perfect.”
She popped up out of her chair. “We do! Who can say no to pound cake?”
"I am always right."
“Greg is going to text him when you come in, and tell him where you’re sitting. Since you’ll be there first, I doubt he’ll ask you to move. But if he does, Sally and her friend will figure something out. Just remember to play the starving student card, and lead him on.”
“Are you serious?”
John looks between Sherlock and Erebus, waiting for one of them to speak. "Well, what did it mean?"
“Don't be angry.”
Sherlock slid lower and buried his face between John's legs, nuzzling his balls and inner thigh.
Sherlock wanted to kiss John for lots of reasons. He wanted to kiss him for the way he loved pizza, and for how polite he was to the person who sold him the pizza, and for trying to get Sherlock to eat pizza, too. He wanted to kiss him because John was thoughtful, and spent twenty minutes trying to decide if Harry would prefer raspberry or vanilla scented lotion, and because he was buying his mom Christmas presents as if she weren’t currently accusing him of making the biggest mistake of his life. He wanted to kiss John because John was good, and John deserved to be kissed. He wanted to kiss John because he’d initiated a difficult conversation with his dad that morning, and handled it well, and John’s dad, a stoic man in the easiest of situations, had been responsive to what John had had to say.
“John, it's fine, I'm plenty warm. You throw off more heat than the average peng. Sometimes I have to step away because you're so warm.”
“What do you remember, Johnling?”
“I'm okay with that,” John said, holding onto Sherlock's arm for balance as he pulled off his socks.
The four of them stand there, Ariki and Kahu staring at the dead skua, Sherlock and John staring at each other. It is not right, Sherlock thinks, that John would not want others to know how brave he is, that he has saved lives, that he is a
“Of course you have. Still, though, I’m sure Mrs Hudson will be glad to help, but let’s not overdo it.”
“Sherlock, do we really need to know what they ate?” John sat down next to him and ran a hand up and down Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock recognised the gesture for what it was, an attempt to calm and settle him, but they were so close to the end now, and he had no idea what missing information might be useful.
“Number two. She left a letter for Hannah, which could possibly give her some sense of closure regarding her abandonment, and possibly some answers. Number three.” John pauses and takes a sip of his wine. “Is there a number three?”
fantastic fic, "
Pavo, Vela, and Lestra come home that spring, and share news of their travels with the Council. Lestra eagerly shares his stories with Sherlock and John, but Mycroft also takes the opportunity to meet with Sherlock and convey what he has learned since the three travellers have returned. He tells Sherlock that in spite of being called before the High Council, Moringa kept silent. They questioned, conferred, and deliberated, but Moringa would not speak.
Sherlock felt John's weight press down the slightest bit, felt his glans begin to breach John. He bit his lip. He watched John's face.
“I heard you coming,” she said, reaching into the back of the truck and lugging John’s duffel bag out before he’d even stepped down into the driveway.
