“So,” she wiped her hands on the back pockets of her sweats and came forward, “you came to catch a break before leaving again or you need something specific?”
“Why, do you have a copyright to it?” Tony cracked the lid open and took a drink, keeping eye contact with Steve as he did it.
The three days it took them to come to a conceivable time machine didn’t reassure Steve that the
"Friday, lower the temperature, please," he said quietly as he reached the bed and felt the room fill with a pleasant coolness. Half climbing the bed himself, Steve lowered the lax body in his arms onto the soft covers, freeing one arm to pull two pillows and tuck it under Tony's head. The duvet was brown,  shade Tony would never have chosen for his own room, but it felt warm and Steve coaxed it from under the man's legs to pull it over his torso. His eyes caught notice of the glasses jammed into Tony's collar and Steve shook his head as he removed it to place it on the bedside table. He was about to turn and get up when Tony rolled over, an arm wrapping around Steve's hips and a thigh. Steve looked down to see the man pull himself close to Steve's body with a grumble before pushing his face into Steve's waist with a sigh.
It wasn't hard to find the docking bay and Tony thanked Nat a thousand times in his mind as the stealth training proved useful in sneaking his way in. He found their jet in less than stellar shape but it would do, they could finagle it enough to get the hell out.
“I fixed it,” Tony said with an excited desperation to his voice and Steve’s eyes widened even as his grin deepened, “A fully functioning time GPS device.
He’d gotten invested in SHIELD activities and Tony hadn’t mentioned it either.
“You’re sure this will work?” Steve asked Nat in an undertone as they walked to the area where Bruce had set up the arrangement. This was like the serum all over again, an experiment that was walking the edges of horrific and heroic, the extreme of science with a few heaps of desperate madness.
Steve’s leg bumped against Tony’s back and he smiled slightly, bumping back before continuing.
“Not every battle is won at first go, Rogers,” Bernie pointed out but sighed as she tucked her hand in the dark jacket’s pocket, “Sometimes it takes longer than it should and that’s not right, I know. But we do our part and then – keep going, I guess.”
"The legal team is open to your disposal too, Jesus fucking Christ."
“Nat, I’m –”
It was sweet to see her brighten up when Tony asked Jarvis if they could take her to the apartment for the night.
Rhodey's gaze turning suspicious even without looking.
Tony opened the boot of the car and Steve came around, curiosity winding into his skin, and saw the man pull out a cream blankie, a monkey’s form holding it on top, before Tony turned it around and –
They stayed at Peggy’s place for a night before Tony got Howard’s number from her and made a call as Doctor Potts. Steve didn’t know how well the two men knew or understood each other but by the end of the conversation Tony was able to procure a Stark guesthouse to use till they had a more concrete plan.
“You’re staying in a dead man’s house, Steve, what exactly do you think I should understand?” Bucky looked unbothered, hair tied up today and his Henley’s arms were folded to the elbow, “And stop acting like I’m judging you. I got nothing to judge anyone about.”
Now there was Ronin and massacres, grey vs dark, and a litany of losses – enough to break the man Steve had once known better.
“That’s not sustainable”
"Being on a date with a recovering alcoholic removes that possibility," Tony said with a wry smile getting a nod from Rhodes.
“Are you going to try saving Bucky this time?” Tony asked after a pause and Steve smiled at the lack of tension in the tone. It had surprised both of them when they had learnt to discuss Bucky without the burn of the worst wounds ripping open, his name not dragging up bad blood from a past that now looked oddly distant. They had both grown into spaces that hadn’t fit them earlier, finding ways to fit edges into aching hollows, and Bucky would remain both versions of their memories but he was also someone too human in their conversations now. Time didn’t heal wounds, not really, but it had given them the tools to build their own bandages.
Focusing on his own mission, Steve grabbed the vials of Pym Particles and slipped out of the lab without being detected. He was halfway down the corridor when he spotted guards walking towards him alongside the lady who had ridden the elevator with them before.
“Sam said a friend of his could help,” Bucky said, “Bernie Rosenthal.”
“You got the vials?” Tony asked when they finally were on their way back to the secluded parking, one quick stop to pick up the shield before they could leave. His voice was steady but Steve pretended to ignore the way Tony’s hands were flexing at his sides with an empty ache.
“Hey,” he blinked his eyes and glanced at the clock on his bedside, “When did you get back?”
Of all the things he had lost, the people he hadn’t known and had been friends with, the memories that weren’t his to know but were the only ones he could carry – of all of them, he had never truly let this one come to the surface. It didn’t matter, he had convinced himself, again and again over seven years. It couldn’t come back, he didn’t have it in him to ask for it and Tony had no necessity to volunteer. There was a world to adjust to, and then a world to save, and then a world to forget while a new one questioned its existence.
LIBERTY wasn't P.E.P.P.E.R but she was suitable for Steve and he'd become attached to her in the time he had used her help. It had been a birthday present from his husband during their first year of marriage and Steve knew that it was yet another thing that had become a strained memory now that he had distanced himself.
There was a chilling storm in jade eyes for a flash before Natasha blinked, expression tightening even as she mirrored Steve’s posture.
Steve forced his jaw to unclench and nodded shortly.
They held a public funeral at Manhattan, and the crowds poured in, thronging the streets from the break of dawn. Rhodey delivered the eulogy for Tony and
“Yeah,” he said, looking sure, an Avenger when Steve turned around, “We’re ready. Suit up.”
“Come on! I wanna break some records this time!”
Steve took in the sight in front of him and felt his lips quirk at the way Natasha had curled into half a ball on the table, dangerously close to pushing the other occupant off the edge in her fatigue fuelled sleep. Tony, surprisingly oblivious to Natasha's knees digging into his back, dozed on.
“I almost missed this, man,” Clint confided in Thor and took another bite of his rice with a slow grin, looking much better than he had before the successful test he had gone on, “Almost.”
"Have you tried talking to Steve today?"
"He did, didn't he?" Tony said in a tone that suggested that it was mostly to himself, a sense of warm wonderment in the words. There were times when Steve wished that he had developed a more regular ease of being physically affectionate or reassuring with people. People closest to him, at least. It came easier when it was with Natasha, who was more forthright than expected at setting comfortable boundaries with friends. It was simpler with Sam, who didn't have qualms about initiating things or conversations unlike Steve. Bucky had gained experience on Steve's psyche through time and even though things were probably stiffer now between them, he was still a known area.
"Yeah," Tony said softly and Steve felt a pang of echoing understanding in his heart before Tony continued in a stronger voice, "Uh, yeah, got it. One Tesseract in the bag. You have the vials?"
He was escaping an explosion he had caused when Steve decided it was time. They had been engaged for six months now and there was no sense in putting it off any longer; there would always be a next mission, which meant that they couldn’t really plan an elaborate setting for this. Besides, he was getting tired of villains taunting Tony as his
“And you are?” he countered, skipping the glassware and going for the metal tumblers to pour his fifth coffee of the day, “Because it sounds like you’re getting a lot of refusals for the idea.”
"No," Steve replied quietly and Tony felt his eyes crinkle as he caught the additional pressure going into scrubbing at an already eased away dirt on the plate. He wouldn't have known this two years ago, this gathering of tells that showed him more of the man that the world dissected with every appearance.
He did miss his shield but Steve had broken through tougher spots and he was soon joined by Tony as they took on the remaining bot together.
? Steve’s eyes would linger on Tony’s arms in a particularly flattering suit and he wouldn’t hide it when Tony would notice. Tony would smirk with appreciation when Steve pulled out some specifically brilliant theory that the SHIELD scientists hadn’t considered for a case.
"Alright then, that's fair," he looked back at the bed, rolling his shoulders with a wince, "You mind if we have this conversation while sitting? I didn't exactly stretch this morning and I hadn't planned on getting thrown four decades into the past with no warning."
“We’ve been here six years,” Tony placed the half finished glass of water on the table before deciding to drink it completely, “Did you really think I wouldn’t find it?”
“Should be something you could be doing too,” Steve pointed out and Tony looked at the ceiling before shooting him a baleful look, leaning forward to pick up the bottle of water, “Are you really trying the guilt route with me?”
"You are," Kang laughed, the curiosity of a powerful man about to step on someone's neck, "You always will be, in every point of time. And that is why you must be stopped. But you will be stopped only if he is stopped, I have learned that now."
with an itching pressure on his skin, “Rocket and Nebula can work on intergalactic operations, Carol can call us in if there’s something needed, we have Rhodey, Cl –”
Steve nodded and then froze when Tony leaned down to brush a soft kiss to his forehead before standing back straight.
Pepper had said and Steve wondered why the world had seen it much before his own eyes could.
"Yours or mine?" he asked and turned around the main hallway, "Steve? I could really use a check-in now."
“Alright, now we just need to get you a disguise and find some place to stash the shield,” Steve saw Tony walk forward and looked in the direction of the way their earlier guest had gone.
Steve was resting a month later, sleeping in his room after a particularly long day, when he felt the dip on his bed and opened his eyes to see Tony sitting with a notepad in his hand.
Maybe he did. Maybe it was forged under their sheets over the growing nights of firsts and the engineer had deemed tonight worthy of testing it out at last.
He worked in silence to set up his tent, the gear from a disinterested store unfurling from his bag. There weren’t many who had escaped from a half-bitten world into the chasm of his chosen abandon and Steve had only the sounds of his own feet to keep him company. When the sun showed hints of dimming, he set down to work on a bonfire. It felt like old routine, falling back on things he hadn’t done since his entry into the 21
He saw the blade rise, saw Thanos bare his teeth at him and saw the trajectory of the swing.
When the WSC had come calling for explanations, she had stood up first, neatly coming in between them and Rogers. It wasn't because she doubted the Captain's ability to defend himself or his team. It was probably because she doubted if he would spare them any mercy. Steve had a reputation for being calm and collected but he also had a lesser-known temper that came up when his husband was concerned.
Everybody needed to leave at some point.
be chivalrous, you know?"
Friday revealed that there was a video for the family and Steve was about to give them space when Pepper caught his eye, gesturing for him and Thor to come along.
"Do we still have the nanospray?" Steve asked and Tony nodded as he dodged another spray of attack, "Doctor Potts – hey, stay still, it won't sting."
He spared one look above but Howard had already got back to fighting the bot who was attempting to get past him, a gun in hand.
"Well," Tony called out in an abruptly loud voice, "Good luck on your mission, Captain."
Sam didn’t know about Natasha yet. They had spent two years in a tight-knit solidarity and he wouldn’t know what Nat had done for them.
"You got anything else?" he asked but Tony shook his head even as he rummaged the bag he had taken from some poor soul's car on their way to this hiding spot. They had been lucky that the place was bustling with visitors, mostly scientists or experts from institutions that SHIELD kept ties with for its thinktank.
"What am I doing?" he asked softly, to an empty room where nobody could hear him and the only one who needed to was somehow too far even as he was too close. Tony was warm, trusting and alive beneath his palm, a content abandonment of suspicion or fear in his sleep. He was holding on to Steve, not a desperate clutch to his fingers but rather a confident demand of space. Like it was his claim. Like it was meant for him and he knew it. Steve wondered if he would have this same calm with his eyes open, looking up at Steve.
“Do you know what it takes to kill?” Tony had a distant look in his eye, “The usual answers would be a good weapon, an easy target, or the wrong move at the right time. The base though, the base of every variation of the answer though is the same.”
“A while,” Tony replied, flanking Steve on the right as Thor came up on the left, “But he’s just been sitting though.”
"Kang's tuned into my life-sign detection and you'd match, it could help throw him off," Potts shrugged a shoulder, and Tony raised a brow at the veiled tension in the cavalier tone.
Their schedules wrapped around them and now they had some new rearrangements of dates, lunches at places where they could talk more than just work and the past, stargazing that meant hands held with purpose. Shopping for clothes had a few additional questions of
“Scott told you that?” Steve took his SHIELD badge off and opened the door of the back seat, leaning in to get the shield.
“I’ll figure something out,” he smiled gently at her, “I’m sure we can find a place for a night and I do still have an apartment.”
"I could just tell her that I borrowed it," Steve dutifully raised the blue cover to let Tony elbow his way up and stilled when the man ignored the spot nearby. The warmth of his fumblingly tired partner settled atop him, head burrowed under Steve's chin to conveniently listen to his heartbeat, and Steve's arms were frozen at his sides. There was no scent of cologne or hair product, a crease mark along Tony's cheek from where he must have briefly rested on his table's edge, one hand now resting on Steve's stomach while the other pillowed Tony's chin - it couldn't be any more comfortable than it would be to sleep on a lumpy couch.
Steve stared at Tony, frustration warring with some jumbled string of emotions linking head and heart, not gaining an inch as Tony met his stubbornness with a familiar surety of his own. Finally he nodded and Tony’s face relaxed, eyes moving away to seek out the entrance of the place.
"Not me, at least he didn't intend to hunt me," Potts smiled wryly, "He was after my partner when this started, apparently he didn't like that we had messed-up time."
The phone rested under his palm, over his chest, and Steve closed his eyes to the steady sight of undead stars looking down at him.
"Let's see how you react when time breaks your laws," the purple-faced madman commented and worked on the panel in his armrest.
The flowers were placed at the door, four knotted bunches resting on the threshold, and Steve stepped back. He thought to turn around before decided one last thing and pulled up his phone, focusing the camera on the door. The crisp sound of the photo passed, freezing in clarity on his screen like the moment had passed and all that was left as evidence was this.
"No one's dying," Steve shook his head, eyes flitting away behind Tony before looking back at him with a fierceness that glistened in his eyes, "And I'd really prefer if you stopped taking anything I said as an attack. I'm not trying to insult you."
After four days of trying to convince him otherwise, Steve had agreed and now he was here.
They didn’t talk about it, the stretching tension of conflicted wires that roamed loose in the air with just two people trying to fill endless untouched empty rooms. Steve heard Natasha field calls from councils, volunteering the service of Avengers for incidents that weren’t happening anymore. Natasha scraped her spoon louder against the bowl of stew with every night Steve made it, eyes finding his face with a concerned expression that was bleeding into annoyance steadily even if Steve didn’t look up.
"Kang," Rhodey's eyes widened before his shoulders relaxed and he looked behind to nod at someone for a second, "We thought – okay, I'll detect your coordinates, unlock the tracker."
“Why not?” Natasha demanded and it did shape into a demand in Steve’s ears even though they were sitting companionably on chairs set apart by the oak shaded sofa set that Wanda had once monopolized.
“And I,” Tony stared down Thanos, blood and fire dripping down around him, Earth’s best defender holding her safety in his hands, “I am Iron Man.”
Which, obviously, was the cue for Tony to almost give him a heart attack as he wished Steve good luck when getting off on his floor. Steve stumbled out a response and attempted to glare as the door closed but Tony simply winked at him before walking away.
There was a chalk graffiti of a diamond crumbling on the pavement and Steve walked around it, noting the shades of Earth’s colours. The word
about him.
"Make it 20," Tony demanded and heard Potts chuckle tiredly but pushed the speed as he calculated the exit route.
Which couldn’t be done by anyone in general.
“Cap,” he acknowledged, sharing a quick look with Sitwell that he wouldn’t have suspected in the past. There had been so many secrets that had bred right under their nose and Steve swallowed down the knowledge of every last one. This wasn’t about him. This wasn’t about –
"Can I get you a drink?" he asked as he flexed his hand as he moved towards the mini-bar
and Steve couldn’t be happier.
like a seal fighting over a grape when you kiss but I'm sure you don't
“It can’t exist just because you want it to!”
There were two greys on his keys.
“I don’t know,” Steve commented softly, too clear to be lost in a breeze but no louder than for a pillow’s audience, “I like surprises.”
He sent the photo as a reply to Nat and shut it, jamming it back into his jeans before turning around. It’s the least he can give her right now. A piece of something she’s lost too.
“Rude,” she said lightly, taking another bite of her salad on the screen, the sound of the fireplace crackling, “You used to be nicer to me.”
“It was a selfish choice,” Steve countered, “This is a goddamn selfish, cruel choice!”
“I am,” Steve smiled at Bruce, fingers turning his ring thrice in an acquired habit, “It’s home.”
They finally found a an alley that was considerably ignored by people, a cat jumping into the trash chute when they disturbed it.
God, could he be any more inadequate? Seven years of nothing more than missed chances and made-up reasons, and he still couldn't fill three words with the right meaning.
By the skin of their teeth, taking more hits than they could prepare for, but they were holding their own and winning.
"Just to confirm," Tony asked as he glanced over another window which carried the familiar logo and details of Camp Lehigh, "this isn't actually the place that you were born, right?"
"I know," he muttered into their space and let his fingers draw unspoken patterns over Steve's back, smiling down at the peering drowsy eyes. The ache to comfort faded into the golden drams of the sheet pulled over them, and he'd let this memory go unframed too as long as it remained in his unforgetting mind.
“But we also need to come home sometimes, Cap,” she said and Steve swallowed at the melancholy in her tone that swiftly got swept under defiant understanding, “Something’s got to be a breaking point. You want to fight a battle, you need to catch a break after the last one.”
Until the first missile dropped, and Steve raised the shield over himself and Thor in the last second before impact. It wasn’t enough though and the last visual Steve had before the roof caved in was of Tony’s visor covering his face.
Tony had lived here for five years. He had given these walls his laughter, fears, wonder, and dreams. He had been safe, been somebody’s family, until they had come knocking on his door to offer him a chance. To ask for a chance at getting something back themselves.
Things didn’t go downhill, not for a while. Howard was in a great mood, eyes alight with joy and a wonder that went deeper than Steve had ever seen in any of his pictures. He did a double take when he saw Steve and his smile became confused before he pulled it back, engaging both of them in conversation. For once Steve was glad of having let his beard grow back out and the hair dye he had bought the previous week.
There had been nothing simple about watching a coffin fall through the sky. Natasha had felt the awareness of disaster first, before catching sight of it. It was in her DNA, the instinct of knowing when a life-changing moment occurred and where to hide if it came for her. She was good at running, at finding shelter from storms.
They had managed to resolve most of the situation with the Congress and it was back to civility since T'Challa's wedding where they had both gone separately. Civil didn't mean comfortable though, and it was an unspoken awareness in the superhero community that Iron Man and Commander Rogers were still married but not really together.
“Yeah,” he exhaled and shot a pained smile at Sam before looking over his shoulder, “I should go see Pepper. You okay?”
Steve turned away to look when they heard a rough cough and took a few steps in the direction of the older man who had a pained expression as he clutched his abdomen.
"Hi," Steve answered, quiet and calm and Tony's in that word. He turned around, hands clutching the towel hanging from his apron but Tony simply lifted his head enough to rest it again against Steve's chest now.
It took a bit of help from Strange and Sue to get them to the Tower safely, the journey through Stephen's portal jarring for Tony, but they made it just in time for Potts to finally lose consciousness.
"Infinity –"
He wasn't sure about them. Had they saved themselves?
Kang roared through the comm and Potts landed, a sharp curse dropping off his lips as the hatch closed behind him.
Maria hadn't seen the disaster happening this time but she knew that she wasn't willing to see the fallout of it just yet. That had been the only thing on her mind when she had taken charge as Steve had stayed back for once.
"You're from the future but not our future?" Reed scratched at his nose and looked up from his screen, nudging Tony's leg as he stretched to pick up the mug from Stephen's table, making a face at it when he realized that it was cold too, "That's – fascinating."
More to
The community hall was closer than his footsteps had intended it to be and Steve slowed down as he neared it.
"I'll tell you when I get him back," Tony informed as he winced at the pressure on his bruised knee but dragged himself into the captain's chair with the stingers wrapped around his wrist, "Can you move? Wait, don't, one of us will come get you once we get –"
Steve managed to get a hold of the nearest bot’s head and reached in between its neck to pull at the wires.
In the morning he sat blinking at a can of water heating over a new fire and pulled out both phones. Natasha had sent a question mark. The flip phone remained quiet and he packed it back into his jacket.
Steve held the page with one finger, blocking the story in an uncertain present, just enough to look Natasha in the eye and roll the thought in his mind.
When he stood back up straight, he turned to get a towel and was thankful that Tony didn’t do it for him. It wasn’t embarrassing, not between them after all the low points they had seen in and with each other, but it was reassuring to be able to do this by himself. He couldn’t lie on the ground for long enough. There was always a start to getting back up and if it was with a towel, then that was okay.
tell her?" Steve asked in reply, keeping his steps casual and matching Tony's pace.
Stretching up from the couch, he blinked spots out of his eyes and walked towards the kitchen, phone still in hand. He’d spent the past six months trying to find interest in cooking as an attempt to really move on. If he could feed himself without killing his stomach or tastebuds, he could rate one step higher in a general functional rating.
“Choice,” Steve said and Tony nodded with a bitter smile.
"Steve"
The orb glowed in his palm and Steve saw the coordinates set in silver letters with a single slit on top.
“That was one time and there was paint on – oh fine,” Steve moved his feet till there was enough space and Tony sat down with a satisfied grin, “Did you come here to complain about everything I make a fuss about or do you have another reason too?”
"Did you like the sushi?" he asked and smiled at the curious pausing, a skipped beat that wouldn't show if you didn't look for the small jerk of water in the sink.
“Did nobody tell you about hair dyes and mirrors?” he raised a brow, dropping his bag at the corner, “You look worse.”
“I’m Orion,” Natasha said as she settled in between them, eyes droopy but her fingers smoothing over the blanket, “Can I be Orion?”
“That was you,” he observed, “I felt it.”
Steve didn't get another word out before he was portaled out of the room and he found his feet on firmer ground in a cellar similar to where he had seen Tony in.
“Yeah,” Tony moved forward and his shoulder brushed Steve’s, turning to give him a wry smile, “Maybe stop dropping it everywhere? I’m pretty sure Mr. Raccoon is a bit of a thief and this is a shiny, shiny thing that people would like to get their hands on.”
At least it wouldn't be if Steve would stop running. Power walking. Skating. Whatever he was doing every time he and Tony were in the same room. It wasn't until after dinner that Tony found himself having a moment with Steve in privacy, when the others had cleared the room. He wasn't usually a fan of doing dishes by hand but considering that it was the only reason Steve hadn't run, Tony felt new appreciation for dirty utensils soaked in water.
“So who do we talk to about this?” Scott asked finally and Nat stared at Steve that made him want to sigh.
“Tasha will find a way to kill me if you don’t come back safe,” the younger man said, a slight smile on his face, “So don’t forget your way home, okay?”
He sat at the bench and waited, knowing that someone would notice.
Peggy stared at Steve with a blank expression before turning to walk up to her door.
“It’s a baby,” Steve said out loud, hoping that he was dreaming, that this was some strange nightmare that would break.
around the corner of a
“A little impatient, aren’t you?” Tony looked amused but Steve could see the happiness in his eyes and he shot a sheepish smile.
, he begged in his head but nothing came out, nothing he could say would matter,
And then there was Carol, flying down to take the gauntlet from the kid. There was Mantis and Okoye and Hope, Gamora from Thanos’ time standing beside a Nebula she didn’t know. There was every female warrior gravitating together, looking down the sea of soldiers who would stop them from reaching the end.
An hour later, Hank found him in the same position of stunned quiet and almost called for help when he found the grin on Steve unsettling.
"They're not Kang's notes," Potts called out and they turned to see him zooming in on the scribbled words, a grim understanding on his face when he pointed to the screen, "This is familiar handwriting, and it's not Kang's. It's in Swedish on purpose."
"And he doesn't want to know about a new version of his husband coming from nowhere?" Potts said with a dry tone of doubt, nodding when Strange stepped back, "Or you sent a message without telling these details?"
sorry that you had to miss your family to be here. Don’t suppose I’ve met her in your time?”
"He calls himself Potts and he left this behind," the sorcerer informed in a clipped tone, dropping the orb in Steve's hand, "Both Reed and I have tried using it but it's coded through DNA and he was pretty insistent on calling for you."
He hit send and took a minute to search for the panic of long-practiced mistakes but the night was finally calm, and he had one more thought to send.
, Steve wanted to yell.
the nerves bundling together in his arms and brows consciously avoiding a frown. Tony pulled up a chair and sat down, watching Steve work at the dishes.
“I didn’t realize it right away,” Tony began, running a finger over the rim of his cup, “The stones are sentient energies, a lot like AIs really. But just more cosmically connected ones. We see them as just gems with magical powers, right?”
He heard a quietly thoughtful huff behind him but focused on tightening his wrap, rolling his shoulders once more before he faced down the quicker challenge. The cotton of his sleeves were looser on the biceps than they would have been before and the knot under his gut sat twisting tighter with complete awareness of the sounds of his companion moving in the background.
It had been five years. Five
Steve was already reaching into his belt pouch to pull the older model of Starkphone he had refused to change despite all offers of upgrade. Tony made a pleased sound when he got the phone in hand, picking it apart swiftly as he handed Steve every part he didn’t need.
“T’Challa had to go back to Wakanda,” Sam told Steve as they left Rhodey with Fury, walking back to the house, “Hill is coordinating the clean-up with Ross.”
Steve stared at the man in front of him and wondered why he hadn’t understood before that there were worse fates than death, worse realities than knowing that someone wouldn’t come back. Tony was here, alive and whole, but he couldn’t come home.
One year and his life had gone from fugitive to forgotten, all tethers rebelling in ties.
“Turns out,” Tony said with an affected casual tone trying to hide the momentous words falling from his lips, “resentment is corrosive and I hate it.”
"Yeah," Potts finished the last of his juice and placed the bottle at the bedside table, "Team, Tony."
“Against a tree? Nope. Sadly it still stands victorious,” Tony raised a brow when Steve attempted to get up and didn’t move a muscle as he failed, “Yeah, being old and human sucks, huh?”
“This really would be a lot easier if we just took out past Thanos,” Rhodey declared after the discussion of Morag, catching the sauce packet Clint threw from the other side of the table, “One shot and boom, we’re done.”
"And we still didn't figure out that they were assholes right then," Tony chuckled and Steve miraculously didn't suck in a surprised breath when their fingers brushed as they walked, "Yeah, it's next month here. Supposed to be. He - we were talking about it back there."
“You know, there are times when I don’t follow your signal,” Steve leaned back in his chair and huffed out a chuckle when Tony turned the chair across him and sat on it with the frown still in place, “Even when you’re speaking in sentences that make sense when taken as individual words. Is there a code I should learn?”
Today they had saved a world at too high a price and his arms were thankful to share that grief with a friend.
“Okay,” Steve agreed smoothly and nodded when she looked at him, “I think Thor is tired too, so we’ll both stay here for the night and then we’ll figure things out in the morning. Is that okay?”
"Hey, question," he called out once he was done and Rhodey hummed.
“He’s with Bruce and Clint in the lab,” Tony said, not really answering Steve’s question, “We finished the Gauntlet.”
“It’s alright, we’re all going to be okay,” Pepper promised Tony and Steve counted one breath, “You can rest now.”
“It seemed the only explanation,” Steve said awkwardly and Tony shook his head before shooting a fond grin.
“Did you finally find the spare key then?” Steve asked and caught the dishtowel Tony threw at him without turning back, “Yes, I know. And now we have a wet towel, thank you for that.”
"Voyage d'Uranibourg," Steve read, taking a step to the side where he stood between Tony and Potts, "But why does Kang have his own notes on it?"
the voice crackled before continuing, “
"Yeah, we made it, I guess," Tony agreed and Steve knew that there were words missing in the conversation. Too many of them, lost or thrown away, locked away far from the tongue where the truth could have risked a safe bubble. There were broken thoughts between them and Steve knew that it should hurt but somehow it was calming now. Whatever path they could have taken, whatever another time could have seen, it wouldn't be here. It wouldn't be now. And that was -
Thanos was pushed off Thor and Mjölnir came flying back to Steve, fitting back in his hand as he stood at ready.
There was a hologram in the middle of the room and Steve ignored the bots when they left him, focusing on the visual playing on the screen.
“You’re going back?” Bruce asked when he took his leave two hours later, having said his goodbyes to everyone and a half-hour Skype call with Pepper.
Like the scrawny but braver man whose photograph sat on the desk of Director Margaret Carter.
Any minute now, Vision would phase into his bedroom and ask if Steve needed either Wanda or him for the rest of the day. It was either the library or the deli that Steve had always made plans to go to. Wanda would inevitably steal something from Nat’s wardrobe and there would be an argument later about the technicalities of borrowing.
“He’s hit,” Steve observed, gently pulling away the man’s flailing hand to check the wound in the gut, “It’s not a bullet and it isn’t deep, he’ll live.”
"You want me to tell you that he doesn't hate you," Potts scooped another handful of mud into his bowl, eyeballing the measurement with easy precision as he shot Tony a quick glance before focusing on his task, "Actually, scratch that. You want me to tell you that he can love you despite hating you right now.
Captured baseball from a time before him, moments from 1870 and later flowing in hushed tones. His gaze drank in broken pieces of history, cards given free with gum once upon a time now sitting decorated on pristine cases, mementos of people who had seen less applause than they got in guarded museums now. It shouldn’t have been the home of kinship but stories couldn’t be authors and Steve had seen enough exhibits of his own to find threads of connection to those who lay now stored in labels before him.
If Steve could believe it, it almost looked like – a cave.
“I know her,” Steve grinned and Bucky raised a brow, “She’s good, Buck, I’m glad.”
They ended up waiting at Peggy’s house and Tony kept shooting Steve increasingly changing looks of emotions as time passed. They didn’t talk for a while but then Tony finally moved to come sit beside Steve on the steps, starting a conversation about his own funeral. He approved of the decision to include Natasha’s memorial and made a face at Ross being present at the lakehouse. When Steve told him about Happy, he noted the sadly fond flash pass across Tony’s eyes.
“You could come find out yourself,” Bucky said casually but didn’t make it sound accusing, instead looking at the door of the house, “Jesus, did Stark really build this whole place himself?”
"We're finally here," Steve said as they reached their jump point and Tony looked like he was about to say something important. There was something familiar and different in his eyes, something Steve had seen in the mirror on quiet days over the past seven years  He never knew if it was good or bad but it always seemed important, like a dismissed fate come to haunt. His reflection had changed in different ways over those seven years but that look was a frequent visitor and to see it in Tony's eyes was momentous in a way that made him catch his breath.
“You take care of yourself too, pal,” he said as he climbed down the steps of the porch, “The world’s gotten good at spinning on its own. Figure out what you need when you catch a break.”
“It’s probably good that it didn’t work,” he observed, “I’m not sure it would have ended well.”
Steve opened his mouth to retort before the second part of the remark registered and his mouth shut with a click.
He waited till there was nothing but silence and no return.
, Steve thought,
He exhaled and read the question again before looking up at the closed door. He had known, even without being in touch with Nat or Rhodey, he had known that Clint would not have come back here. Things didn’t just happen just because he wanted them to and he had always been just a little late in getting to people who were broken the worst way.
"We have to hurry before they get here," Potts looked to his left and turned to look at Tony, "Keep it simple, I'll find the Cube, you keep a watch out and we'll get out of dodge."
He put his hand in his pocket and pulled out his wallet instead, offering a sheepish look.
"You said Mary's chocolate malt was
Steve wanted it to be more than that.
“Did you have a baby yesterday?” Steve felt detached from the kitchen, the sound of his own voice hitting the water’s noise against the sink, “Sorry, that’s not – you have a child?”
“I don’t think lightning is going to be enough,” Tony assured him and Steve pressed a hand against Thor’s back, understanding his frustration but agreeing with Tony on the issue.
"They look good," Tony replied and pulled up the next row of data. He had spent the last three hours ironing out every detail over the latest upgrades to the War Machine armour, debating every suggestion from its pilot and now he could
He would go back to being a liar in the morning.
The world, Steve’s own little world of friends and family, had a terrible history of risking everything for him and the cost of it was always too high. He would pay it himself if that were enough but life never allowed that and after ages of promising together, he wanted to break the pattern. He wanted to do things the right way.
“It’s our anniversary of a new life in an old town,” Tony insisted and shifted till he could face Steve better, “It’s a big deal. I like days of big deals, okay?”
"Is this about - wait -,' Rhodey frowned when Tony shot him a glance and tilted his head to the side, "It's Steve, isn't it?"
It wasn’t that Tony didn’t trust him to be capable without the serum, Steve knew that. In the six years they had shared each other’s secrets and the years in the past, Tony hadn’t discounted Steve’s capabilities or made him feel valued only for the muscles. There had been their first meeting, an eternity ago now, but even at the end of that Tony had respected Steve’s tactical abilities. He knew that he was more than just a lab experiment to Tony and that he could trust the man to treat him the same without the superhuman strength.
“Let’s go,” Carol said and Steve turned to see her stare up at the sky before looking at him, an anguished look passing her eyes, “You should be there, come on.”
to kiss me when we first met and
Tony stopped mid-sentence and raised an eyebrow but Steve just shrugged a shoulder.
“I’m just going to carry the jet myself if you ask me aga - oh, yeah,” Tony’s voice came through the comm and he could hear the whirring sound in the background, “I’m done, when’re you getting here, honestly Cap, you’re late.”
He didn't stop to linger on the hurt that Tony hadn't called him himself and focused on the thought that the last thing he had told before leaving was something related to Steve. It was most likely an offhanded goodbye or something that would drive Steve up the wall right now but he chose to interpret it as a call for help.
"Alone?" Tony frowned at his back but didn't hasten his steps.
“You’ve got to be kidding me” Tony looked gobsmacked for a second before shaking his head, “Steve, you have to leave. Your time is up. And I’m not coming to meet anyone who might potentially punch me.”
“The other one grew on me,” Steve shrugged a shoulder and the crowds around them were the same, still not much bothered by the lives of strangers walking beside them.
Steve looked down at the center of the mess and there he was, the Titan who had started this all. But it wasn’t the Thanos they knew, Steve could tell, this one was different.
He faced down Thanos and they fell into formation beside him, waiting for the command, friends and strangers roaring to fight back. He held his hand out and Mjölnir came back, one last piece to the armour and he heard Tony’s voice through the comm., a private link.
“Oh wow,” he muttered as he looked at the time on his laptop and winced as the beeping continued, picking his phone up from beside him on the couch to turn the reminder off, “Alright, alright, I’m up.”
Steve shot him a death glare but adjusted his expression in time before stuttering out an answer.
She had not watched Steve when his world came crashing down though. That had been the first thing she had thought off when the blood was cleaned off her hands.
"Jesus fuck, why didn't you retire?" Tony grumbled as he shifted his knees to get up, looking around them as he catalogued their surroundings, "Walking in through the front door, right. This is such a Steve plan."
“Hearing that from you is surreal,” Steve offered but nodded at Bruce as they got closer, trying to keep his smile in place as Scott waved in his suit, “We’re ready?”
“Would you?” Steve asked, a little thrown by the question but Bucky shook his head.
“Yeah,” Tony sounded amused for a second before continuing in a tone that highly suggested that he was going to say something completely unhelpful to the mission, “Mr. Rogers, I’d almost forgotten, that suit did nothing for your ass.”
. That wasn’t in their set of rules, the code of the command. So, in an attempt to house what they had released from my body, they took me in.”
As they walked back to the car, Steve let Scott’s nervous quips wash over him and reminded Nat that Tony was right in his apprehensions. He imagined the stake, the magnitude of a personal gamble that deep, remembered Clint’s loss and knew that he couldn’t push Tony. He would have years ago, would have argued the merits of a risk this high, but that Tony Stark was, above all else, Iron Man.
The wheel was familiar under his fingers and he took a deep breath before turning the key into ignition. One final trip, he could do this.
"He built a life with me," she repeated, "and he built one with all of you too.
"That was all Thor," Steve shrugged a shoulder, crawling up till he could be closer, running a hand through Tony's tousled hair, "If I made it, it would be burnt bacon and that wouldn't prove that I loved you, would it?"
“I found this in the living room the first day,” he said, letting her pick it off his grasp slowly, “I should have given it sooner but somehow I never found the – it’s yours, right?”
“Just because you can’t explain it doesn’t mean that you didn’t have a relationship with him,” she pointed out, “It doesn’t mean that it’s unacceptable.”
Things went smoothly till the elevator opened, just as they had planned, and Steve had to keep his expression under control at the faces he recognized. There was some cosmic irony involved in this happening in an elevator again, but Steve couldn’t spend time on thinking about it and kept his body language calm as he entered.
“As ready as I’ll ever be,” Scott shook out his arms and looked at Bruce, “This’ll work right?”
"Forgot you weren't used to portals," a voice said and he turned his head to see Potts standing a few feet beside him, rubbing at his sternum, "You alright? Come on, we don't have time to rest."
“You lose this again and I’m keeping it,” Tony told him as he held out the shield, waiting till Steve had a grip on it again before moving to let him stand, “Come on.”
It was hard to get him to calm down at first but then he started talking about how he survived, his theory of time being different in the Quantum Realm, and Steve watched him throw points around without joining them. Fortunately for him, Steve had been on a team with similar thought processes before and it didn’t take long to click.
, Steve thought to himself in exasperation before ducking out of sight and scanning his surrounding for a hideout till he could escape. He tried to keep his gait and pace as normal as possible as he walked away from his would-be captors till he found the first door that seemed unlocked. Grabbing it open, he slipped into the room and listened for the footsteps of the guards passing through. It would take them a minimum of three minutes to put the place on lockdown if suspicions were strengthened and a maximum of seven minutes to -
“Oh God, Tony,” he whispered and his hand hovered over Tony’s shoulder, too many emotions running through his systems. There was a prayer nobody said enough, a merciful answer to the ravaged souls, and this was Steve witnessing it.
in between. Soapy arms soaked in a sink and rolled up sleeves resting on a table.
“It’s got JARVIS,” Steve replied and grinned at Tony’s laugh, “I’ve always wanted to join the mile high club with my husband.”
“Tony built most of it himself”
There hadn’t been time, at first, and then there hadn’t been reason. It’s what he told himself every time his hand reached for an unavailable piece of his existence, an extension of himself. He had relied on the shield, made it such an integral part of himself, that it had been an unmooring reality to not give it a proper farewell. To lose it in a snap decision.
Sam hooted behind him and Steve let the thought slip, letting the rushing wind keep him in the present.
Steve had been pushed up against the walls of every alley in Brooklyn. He had tasted the pain of knuckles and boots in a Hydra bunker with the Skull lording over him. The Chitauri had shot him in the gut, knocking him to his knees on a burning down New York road. His best friend had punched him down a Helicarrier, rage cold in metal arm. The hubris of good intentions had thrown him off a bridge when an Ultron bot chased him on a flying city. His lies had burnt him on a cold Siberian morning and a bloodied shield had slipped from his hand. A dead Titan had spared him even as his friends dissolved to dust around him.
“It’s never a bad day when people don’t die,” he said and shot Tony a hesitant look, “Though I
It took Tony less than a minute, thankfully, and he grinned brightly when Steve offered him the baby to go check if the bots had been stopped. The scene upstairs was a disaster but of a calmer variety, the aftermath of a particularly violent food fight painting the walls. Most of the guests of the party had run out when the first punch was thrown so only Hank, Janet, and the Starks remained.
“I’m going to let you process all that now,” Tony stood up with a chuckle, “I’m guessing it’s going to take you a while.”
"A-bear-nation," he felt laughter bubbling in his throat and Potts grinned without looking away from the screen, "We're idiots."
Steve turned but Pepper placed a hand on his arm, stopping him in place.
Love, in Steve's experience, was the most painful of those. It was ironic then that it was also that which kept him going when nothing else made sense.
And then Bruce lay tired, one arm hurt from the energy of the Snap as Tony sprayed the healant over it. Somewhere in the periphery of his mind, Steve could hear Clint pick up a call and Scott call out to them but his attention was on Bruce and making sure that he survived.
“He was more obsessed with needling Thor,” Steve reminded as he sneaked past the first responders swarming the entrance, “Are you in?”
It was a peaceful moment beneath the obvious tension that still lingered and they chatted quietly till Steve heard the sound of the gate well into the evening.
asked as he took in the complete lack of explosions or villainous entry signs, combined with the eerie silence devoid of alarm sirens that should be getting the team up by now.
“I can hear you and I’m rethinking dinner plans,” Bernie called out from the car, “One plate for Ms. Rosenthal only. Mr. Alexander dines free air.”
“How long has been sitting there?” he asked, eyeing the figure sitting with an eerie calm about him.
Tony shook his head once and Howard nodded to himself, noting the implications but clapped him in the back.
This was comfort.
“Shit,” his lips formed the word before he could think it and Tony let out a strangled laugh, the numbness breaking in increments as the reality began hitting him in waves.
It took a minute for the answer to come and Steve closed the phone before letting himself spend a moment in the silence of nowhere. One more moment of quiet and he moved forward, climbing back on his bike to start his way.
He shut the blinds on an empty room and exited to go back to Tony, where another kind of emptiness lay that he had learnt to keep low.
"That's a common sentiment," Tony pointed out, raising his hands in a surrender gesture when Potts shot him a look, "Hey, you screwed up my timeline too, I'm just saying."
“Are you happy?” the third attempt had him curling both hands around the phone and shutting his eyes, visualizing Thor’s face, Clint’s shut door, “Is any one of us happy? I hope you are, I really do.”
Steve raised his hands in surrender and walked to take a seat opposite her, tossing his keys on the table.
“Enough for the future,” Steve nodded and took stock of the surroundings when they slipped past the security gate into the lot, “I’m sure Bruce will understand. Right?”
Stephen insisted on checking the authenticity for himself and Tony sat on the other side of the lab, specifically atop Reed's table to watch as the sorcerer tried a spell on Potts to detect any falsities.
They never framed them and the collection now held the most mundane moments. His favourite was an out-of-focus teacup that meant nothing without context. It had been the day there had been a lightning strike too different to be considered normal and the team had been called in by Peggy. That was the day they had met Thor, a much different and yet same boisterous son of Odin, and Tony had resolved the situation by inviting him over for tea.
There was no comparison between the two girls, there could never be, and Steve knew that it would always be a reality that there was a world where they had been different; they had had different futures planned.
The groom had his face buried in Pepper’s shoulder, her hair creating a veil of sort that showed only slivers of the jaw. Maybe he was smiling. He definitely would be.
“Always an Avenger,” he read the caption, typed over a band of black at the bottom of the picture and Steve sighed, eyes burning even as his smile won, “Dammit, Natasha.”
“What – Rocket, give her back her cutlery, good God,” Tony looked caught between being horrified and just plain tired.
“Bit tough to recognize in time,” Tony drew his finger in circles over his chest, tilting his head up a bit to catch the breeze on his brows, “What if you miss it when it’s there and later realize that it was a good one?”
“Did nobody tell you about muddied shoes and carpets?” he heard before turning around to see Nat come from the old lab, “You look like shit.”
“You bought flowers?” he asked and accepted the pills when Tony passed them from the tray on the seat beside him, popping them and drinking the water handed over to him, “Thanks”
"Good plan," he informed dryly as the first set of bots began making their way to them from around the corridor.
“If history doesn’t show that I was your Best Woman, then I’m going to prove your marriage void, Rogers,” she warned and nodded only after Steve nodded over Tony’s hysterical laughter, “Fine then, let’s get you married. I can’t stand the constant tension anyway.”
, he read and barked out a laugh, remembering Pepper’s conversation.
He was poring through the database collected for the week, a good familiarity set into the work, when his phone beeped and he blinked.
It wasn't bitter, he knew his husband enough to know when he actually sounded bitter, but Tony couldn't stop his hackles from rising.
“We’re doing it then?” Tony turned completely, body open and vulnerable to Steve’s gaze and Steve held out a hand, catching Tony’s wrist to pull him in.
Steve was glad to have that privilege, of being allowed to have that space with Tony, when a technology convention in Japan fell under the strength of an earthquake, and with it fell Howard. It wasn’t the cold of December and the morning sun of a July day didn’t spread frost but there was ice lodged in Tony’s spine as they stood at the funeral, one year since he had first become eligible of offering a comfort more intimate than he had been in another life.
“If you say no, I’m firing these at you, Potts!” Janet quipped, flying in between the beams from the bot chasing her, “You won’t look nice with a partially shaved head, I’m telling you.”
"It works"
Clint was –
Steve looked up from the phone and stared at his bike standing a few feet ahead. There were always roads waiting to swallow him up, let him run. He could pick up the temptation, could move.
Holding the frayed leather together, he worked the unnecessarily long needle, dark brown thread in, piercing sharp and out. A needle is all he had asked but apparently it meant a surgical weapon in Natasha’s book. In and out it went still, his fingers catching rhythm. One on one over another. It was oddly calming, bringing worn out edges together and making things whole again, even if they wouldn’t be the same as before. A patchwork job was still better than remaining split open.
Maria looked tired but pleasant when she greeted them, a resting babe in her arms. When Howard asked if either of them wanted to hold her they refused, content on seeing her rest in her mother’s arms. She had soft wisps of dark hair and her eyes weren’t in the mood to remain open enough to observe her guests. Tony touched her clenched hand with a finger and smiled softly when she jerked before trying to grab it.
When Potts' people came for him half an hour later, they were greeted by the reunited co-leaders of a team with band-aids between them.
, he threw the hammer through one line of soldiers and kept moving,
It had been cute for a while, the furry little devils keeping them entertained when they weren’t out on missions or meetings. But then there were days when both the kittens and Tony were in a mood specifically engineered to prevent Steve from closing his eyes.
but it had been one of his quiet regrets that Tony hadn't been able to feel as comfortable with Howard as any son deserved to. He knew rationally that it was not in his control or past actions to have led anyone to that situation but logic rarely played a part in emotional guilt, something Steve had become intimately familiar with over the past few years.
Time nudged along life and fondness permeated its gaps with steady but slow footprints.
Well, whatever remained of the team.
“Don’t ask me how I know,” Tony held him off even as Steve digested the idea, “But I know it. It’s there. I’m sure. Almost.”
He needed to get married right away.
“The ideal response is thank you”
“Just thought I’d drop all the bombs at one go,” he quipped cheerfully before turning to leave, telling Steve that Hank would be there in an hour to talk to him.
was going to be anything close to easy.
“Why?”
The only concession Steve had was that the robbers had been enhanced with advanced technological weapons and bodysuits. Somehow he gathered that it wouldn’t be enough to appease Tony right now.
"Hi, Tony," Steve replied and Tony could hear the nervousness hidden underneath the calm, something he wouldn't have noted if he hadn't known Steve. He did though. He knew Steve and he could read the way his shoulders held a knot of tension between them.
Steve swallowed and stared at the shine of the edges, the recently buffed out scars from paint.
He blinked his eyes open and the dream broke, right before the star could burn him up.
It lasted a minute, just a moment of respite before the Titan was up with renewed anger. With Mjölnir swinging from one hand, Steve charged, alternating with Thor as they tried to bring him down and Tony was up too. It was getting stronger, getting closer when Thanos called for his troupes and an army fell from the sky for the second time since they had formed the Avengers.
” Libby answered, pausing a second, “
He wasn’t about to leave anyone behind this time.
“I knew it!” Thor laughed with the first spark of true joy since he had come back, “I knew you were worthy!”
“Steve, buddy, you’re not making any sense,” Tony frowned, a suspicious look on his face and Steve shot him a innocent grin.
“I didn’t know,” Steve admitted and Pepper nodded.
And Nat wouldn’t come back home anymore.
"Mary didn't compliment
The ride was reassuring in a strange way. His neck felt cold and the wind stung his cheeks but the engine beneath him churned out steady power to eat up the miles, sending shocks of bumps when he hit potholes purposefully just because he could even as he noted to send a complaint about it later. It was an empty stretch of a quiet day and Steve climbed the bridge, looking over the Hudson as it remained a constant no matter how many times the world messed with itself. There was something about Nature that always showed self-assurance, a surety in its own existence even as it had just the moment, just the now to be the way it was. His eyes caught a dolphin flipping over a jump and Steve wouldn’t have lingered on such a sight before, too tied up in figuring out his place in the new world to let himself just take the world as it was  not new or old, but a changing constant. Now as he drove back to an old home, he heard the remnants of the song he had heard in Thor’s Spotify a long time ago.
His hand reached out without his own accord and the man eyed it warily before raising a brow at Steve when it traced his cheek, grazing the beard.
Steve raised the hammer to the sky, his intent fierce in his mind and called for lightning, feeling it answer in curls around his hand sparking up to meet the flash reaching down from above. With all his might, every ounce of him meaning the action in entirety, Steve brought the lightning down and threw Thanos off his feet.
“Got it in one,” he exhaled and continued, shoulders stiff, “It’s the one thing that separates a death from murder. And that’s what the Snap does – murder. It’s not the toughest thing for the stones to grant but it does involve a choice, so it requires you to make another choice of your own. A weight to balance the action you’re asking of them. One finality to match another.”
“Giant wet noodle?” Steve asked dryly and she nodded, pointing her fork at him, “Did Natasha set you up to this? Is this some intervention to a non-issue?”
The group met at a community hall that had been left unused for the past five years. It wasn’t far from his apartment, a ten minute walk that usually helped him get into a calmer mood. He remembered the times when he would reach the place twenty minutes earlier and work himself up to the point of brittle tension by the time everybody had gathered. It had been four years ago, the earliest period of this, and it stung less now but he could still remember it.
“Do you both want to get married now, sirs?” JARVIS asked and Steve looked at Tony as they stood in a flying jet with dirt of a victorious battle on their faces.
of you too."
"Nat"
"We've got him," Helen declared as she greeted them at the landing pad and Bruce came up behind her to help take Potts in.
“So, you have questions,” Tony took a sip of his third coffee and eyed Steve above the cup, “Should we do them in alphabetical order or a timeline?”
“Okay,” he repeated and ran, the baby tucked close to his chest, shielding her with his body as his feet raced towards the control room that was one floor below.
He remembered Thor once joking that if there would ever be a Midgardian wedding to rival an Asgardian one, it would be Tony Stark’s.
This was Tony before Extremis had smoothed out his lines and aged Steve's worries.
Steve didn’t know what he was going to say till they finally marched up to the centre of the portal’s base and he looked at them, his team. Natasha close to Clint, Thor with haunted eyes and a nervous energy in his hands, Rhodey in sync with Nebula – they were all here, all in this together.
Now watching him, Steve saw the grief manifest in affection and felt his lips quirk in a soft curve. Tony’s hands were quick, precise in a way that had handled circuits inside a miniature reactor, but his fingers were gentle in smoothing out any tangles.
The phone chimed two hours later, as he was biting into his lunch at a diner that had more bite to its mustard than Steve had tasted before. He finished his food slowly, ignoring the message till he was done, and wiped his hands on tissues that stuck to his fingers.
“It worked,” Tony repeated and outstretched a hand to switch the light out, “It just didn’t work with you. The stone gave the chance to someone who was closer.”
“You can stay here”
“Now”
It was the seventh day now.
“What’s –”
It had been unexpected, bumping into an oddly familiar kid when Steve first reached Flint a couple of weeks ago. He hadn’t planned anything concretely but he knew that the world hadn’t stopped spinning entirely and there were still people who had made promises that he could fulfill. The committee hadn’t expected Captain America to fill in for Falcon for the volunteering but Steve had come as just himself, just a friend trying to do the right thing and not let his best friend’s word go empty.
“We’re ready then?” he asked, moving towards the bed to pick up his suit and Tony gave way.
It was strangely liberating, being somebody’s, even if they didn’t know it.
“We’ve already done the worst, Nat,” he said and the smooth kitchen counter looked welcoming for cracks but Steve couldn’t, he couldn’t transfer his own mess onto everything else, “The world doesn’t need the Avengers again.”
“Is there a reason you’re,” Pepper paused to find the right word before gesturing to all of him, “a giant wet noodle?”
“It’s the front gate,” Nat replied quietly but he could hear the horrified bloom of hope in her voice and –
“You have a goal?” Steve asked and stared at the notepad that Tony offered him, hand closing around it with a strange fluttering in his pulse. He flipped it open and there was a single page of writing, five bullet points under a title.
if he caved in and punched Ross’ face but it was the situation that mattered. Maybe that wasn’t as much ‘awkward’ as fragile. Awkward was more suitable for when you walk into a date raffle event to see Justin Hammer bidding on you.
The basement garage was colder than the rest of the house and Steve immediately heard Rhodey’s voice when he walked in.
“You’re going to be stuck here forever,” Tony warned him but moved alongside Steve, tugging his dress straight.
Steve walked towards the room and Tony followed him, just a step behind. There was a jacket thrown on the chair at the end of the room and his shoes tucked near the bed but Steve’s eyes fell on the metal leaning against the bed.
“Well then I’m glad he didn’t find me,” Pepper quipped, quirking a slight smile at Steve’s huff, “Did he tell you about the last time we saw him?”
He recognized Tony and his eyes ran over every detail he could find, the dust on his face and frown between his brows were the only indicators of him being held. There were no bruises on him, none visible from what Steve could see.
He stayed for as long as that lasted.
Which brought him to the day two weeks later, when they were eating dinner and he pushed the bottle of water towards Tony to get a more serious look than the action warranted.
“Then?”
“We have a system and you have your chance later,” Steve leaned back and balanced his weight on his forearms and elbows as he eyed Tony in amusement, “Also, this is your maximum effort? Venus would be disappointed.”
“He’ll grow!”
Tony shot him a look from his side, a quick assessment of his profile, before looking ahead. He wasn’t prone to hand-wringing but he had tics of his own and Steve saw his fingers tap against his left knuckle, bittersweet fondness curling beneath his ribs.
"I'm tired," Steve informed as he peered up at his husband, hair flattened with the occasional spike still holding out, looking unbearably younger than he did in the team meeting he had pulled through hours ago. Tony's shoulders had ached with a phantom need to bump against Steve's at the coiled tension he had seen grow tighter with every mistake they had catalogued.  There weren't always the best options and safest choices, confidence veiled over disastrous failures. Heroes weren't always the lifeboats that carried everybody ashore, and it was visible with the backlog of experience they had gathered. There were always tears and holes waiting to topple them. There was always
"He's after me because I'm the starting point of the mess he wants to fix and my team didn't let him get to my husband," Potts nodded, getting off the seat and stretching his legs, "And I'm here because my calculations hint that this will be his last stop, this is the divergence he'll come to correct."
But then the table ended, Tony slipping off. Steve hadn't decided to move but his feet snapped to action and his hands were outstretched, bent to cup Tony's form when he rolled onto Steve's arm. His legs were still on the table's edge, hips half dangling off the table and chin pressed into Steve's chest. Steve bent lower to get a better hold under Tony's knees but it only served to make the shorter man rest his head completely against Steve's armpit.
They had fought Thanos once, all three of them, but they had done it alone. Individuals against a murderer. A reactor blast hit Thanos’ face as the shield flew back to Steve and Mjölnir kept up the tempo. They were together now, a team of their own, and they would have to do whatever it took to keep Thanos from repeating history.
God, he hoped Tony looked happy.
"We don't know where we'll find him," Tony pointed out even as he got off the table, tossing the apple core into the trash with practised ease as he walked towards his older self, "What are you doing?"
He hoped the device took along the jet because he had a suspicion that they'd need an escape plan if this didn't work again.
"Tony?"
“ – hey, wake up,” Steve jerked awake and the voice came clearer when his ears popped, “That’s it, come on, no time to lie around. That’s my man.”
His head shifted under the bunched up shirt, eyes roving over the dark horizon before ticking left. The view was better down here, he’d say on another day. Or maybe a line about a comet and his tail. It would even work, practically anything would nowadays, but - it wasn’t really a night for many words.
“Call it, Steve”
“You can always come work with me, you know,” Howard told Tony as they prepared to leave an hour later, eyes lingering on him before looking at Steve, “Or with SHIELD, full-time. I know we’re not the same as what you had but there’s always a world that needs good men and smart men to look out for it. And you’re both New Yorkers, move back here. Hell, I’d say move into the mansion but I can see that you’re not going to agree.”
“Father to a baby girl,” Tony spoke over Steve and finally looked up, eyes sharp, a conflicted mess of shards, “They had a girl. He wanted to know if I had any good names since Maria isn’t too happy with his suggestions yet. You know, since I told him I had a girl myself.”
“So…”
Tony stood silent beside him and Steve washed his face, wiping down the tears every time they welled.
"Coffee does nothing for him," Tony blearily looked at the book resting on Steve's chest now and frowned at it till Steve placed it on the bedside table, "Is that Tasha's copy?"
"If that's Nat, I'd really like it if you give it a chance before we get shooting," a voice called out from the room as he neared and Tony paused at the familiarity, "If it's Barton, I'd prefer that you got Nat or not assume I'm Loki, honestly that guy only does Steve impersonations."
“Don’t worry, you can handle Carter for me next week when she comes asking about the suit plans,” Tony waved a hand and gestured at the envelope, “Now open it.”
He loved that star and would reach out a hand. It would never meet him.
"Could be better," Tony said and let himself smile, just a little, just enough to allow Steve to see the man behind the mask.
"You're frowning lesser so I guess it'll get better," Steve commented as he folded his arms over Tony's stomach, easily holding himself up, "I could have given you the neck massage, you know."
"That's disappointing," Tony muttered under his breath but kept his gauntlet on as he made his way to Natasha's old quarters. She had her own booby traps in place, those that Tony hadn't touched ever since she had left on the last ‘mission', and whoever this was would have to evade them along with his own signals.
“Someone’s slow alright,” Nat peeled off the velcro from her wrapped hands and turned to walk towards the bench, “Late mornings becoming the norm there, Cap?”
Thanos pushed Tony off and Steve could feel the panic claw at his throat when he smirked, a proclamation of inevitability on his lips, fingers meeting as the gauntlet readied for the snap and –
“I bet,” Steve heard the dazed tinge in his chuckle but he was still on call, “Congratulations.”
Steve stared down at Tony, one hand holding the files he had brought with him and the other slack against his side, hearing his own heartbeat echo in his ears. He eyed the man in front of him, the one who death had swallowed to spit back into a time where his existence had stopped altogether.
It probably was a reason to celebrate somewhere that he didn't actively question the circumstances, but Tony didn't linger much on it. Maybe the duvet being the suit's colours after weeks of a well-kept surprise had softened him one day. Maybe it was the spare socks in hand that had saved the day at an MIT gathering, with Steve waving him off after stuffing the ruined ones in his pockets. It wasn't the most noted among their memories, and there weren't pictures of these, but somewhere between them, Tony had understood that there was more to love than what the stories promised.
“Yeah”
“Oh come on,” he sighed as his own face stared back at him with a determined look. It was never a good day when you had to fight yourself and Steve was sure he’d end up leaving with a bigger mess than he would have time to fix.
“Disguise”
"So, Kang is after you now because of your partner?" Reed brought the matter back to the point.
He could choose faith for Steve and himself. It was worth it.
Steve felt his blood run cold for a moment before it began beating with a forgotten adrenaline, muscles tightening as he stood up in a suspended moment of time.
“You like my burgers that much?” Steve asked, the first thought that came to mind and the brunet blinked before chuckling, one hand still holding the stolen piece.
“You can do this, Scott,” Steve affirmed and Scott inhaled, shooting the same smile he had back at Leipzig.
“I’m not,” Steve insisted but she didn’t look the least bit convinced, “Pepper, you don’t have to worry, I promise.”
“And then Tony punched Ross in the face,” Pepper said, a laugh on her lips at Steve’s wide eyes, “Happy would have been proud, it was an excellent punch. One shot. I was a little worried about my carpet.”
, he felt the words beat under his tongue, loud between his teeth as he bit them back,
“I’ll bring her pictures,” Pepper declared and they could do this, he could roll with the punches, “It was nice to chat, Steve.”
“Sure?”
“As a
"It was a trick by Amora," Natasha flicked her gaze down to the tabletop for a second before meeting her question head-on, knowing well what weakness or hesitance could be mistaken for, "It was a simple miscalculation."
His normal grace was thrown out the window when Steve crawled into bed and Tony grunted as the man dragged himself higher to rest over Tony's chest, fully pushing Tony into the mattress.
It felt like a punishment somedays. He didn't know why she wouldn't see that or maybe she saw that and knew that he needed it too much. Maybe liars wouldn't survive the truth after too long.
Bruce’s sigh when he walked in fifteen minutes later to see them both playing foot grapple was worth it to watch Tony laugh as he caught Steve’s sheepish expression.
"I'm not sure Edmund will appreciate that as a review," he quipped and let his eyes catch the relaxation of Steve's shoulders, a soft fondness seeping through his core.
“Alright, alright, Nat,” Bruce fiddled with the knobs frantically, “kill the power when I tell you.”
"I've not been this thoroughly worn out in weeks," Tony waggled his brows and laughed at the wink he got in return, "Is this a gloating breakfast, Steven? Is this a 'my dick has insomnia defeating powers' breakfast?"
"I've never been good at pep-talks for myself," Potts didn't miss a beat as his fingers kneaded the wet mud, nimble movement of a practised engineer, "Warnings, though? That I'm good with. So, you want one of those?"
, Steve wanted to sass back but decided to spare Scott.
Thor stayed with him that night after Sam left for the SHIELD facilities, promising to keep things under control till Steve would return. The next morning Thor had to leave for his own people, and Steve told him that he’d go to the SHIELD base himself.
It would be anyone other than the one person he wanted it to be.
“I can coordinate with Fury,” Carol chimed in and Steve turned to Pepper.
Thanos’ army caught on to the plan of the gauntlet and Steve heard Peter react to the visual of being barricaded.
“You spoke with her?” he asked, curiosity bleeding through, “What did she say?”
Oh. Oh God.
“Thanks for the elaboration,” he quipped with a curious lilt to his tone, “You okay?”
“Steps to the goal?” Steve translated and Tony nodded, a chuckle escaping him.
“Sure, when -”
He was led through a maze of corridors with panels embedded with security footage that changed screen with every alternate blink. The bots didn't communicate with him, flanking him on three sides as he walked, and Steve took in the route they were following. It seemed odd that he was being allowed to walk without restraints but something about that fact also warned him of factors he hadn't seen yet, Kang's confidence in his plan.
"You're from the future?"
“I’ll see you later,” he said and Tony met his eyes for a second before offering a vague nod.
“You alright?” Steve’s whisper was dangerously close to getting drowned out by the heartbeat thundering in Tony’s ears but he was hesitant to inch closer. They were pressed shoulders to waist, Steve taking Tony’s weight against the wall, deftly tucked away from the glittering crowd of guests still mingling in the dwindling party.
me, is it?" he asked, because screw this, screw the doubts and alienation, "Whatever happened to ‘we are a team', Cap?"
“It never has, trust me,” Tony rolled his shoulders lightly and Steve could see the mask fall into place as they heard Howard, the showman coming to stage, “I fully approve of a tactical retreat if you see things going downhill, just saying.”
“Oh” he heard and blinked, eyes looking up at the muted wonder in Nat’s voice. One glance and it was clear why she sounded the way she did.
Home, Tony had said, even if it was just in the heat of the moment.
“I’m here,” he avoided the question because there was no answer to that, nothing that would keep the moment from exploding, “I’m here, sorry. I – God, I should be reacting better.”
“Thank you,” there was the clatter of tea cups and saucers, “Are you still up to meeting me tomorrow?”
Steve had said that, hadn’t he? That they wouldn’t let her decision go in vain?
Throwing Mjölnir in Peter’s direction, Steve rushed to cover Clint’s six, one ear still open for the conversations falling through the comm. For an instant Peter yelled as he slipped from Mjölnir’s hold but Pepper was there, Pepper took over the rescue job with ease.
"How's the head now?" Steve tugged at the sheets once before climbing on when Tony relented by giving space, "Any better?"
"This is based on a 1680 entry," Tony observed, eyes widening when he made the connection, "Jean Picard, the notes from his observation of Polaris."
There was a moment of silence where Tony didn't look away from his screen and then glanced up to see his friend consider him.
“We’re working on that,” he promised and Tony considered him for a minute before nodding, something in Steve’s expression satisfying his doubt. There was a red suitcase and a navy duffel Tony had brought, and they walked into the facility together, both carrying a promise to fix what had been broken.
There was a crack along the corner of the ceiling, curved in its path and if you looked at it long enough it looked like an embedded alphabet. The light from the lamp played shadows on the wall and Steve wasn’t sure what letter was searching for.
Steve could only nod and accept the hug she pulled him into, two victors sharing a loss' ache together. Tomorrow she would have Morgan and Rhodey, a whole world still standing strong with memory of five years that they had lived. Tomorrow Steve would travel the stars to return a stolen destiny alone.
The glass walls of the corridor still held no real warmth on the other side but he walked on and finally reached the living room.
“I hate to break it to you, Tony, but we’re not married,” he reminded with a faux-innocent look and made a face when Tony flicked at his ankle.
“Forgot?”
“It doesn’t
“Both of them are pointless questions, really,” Tony informed him and Steve rolled his eyes, hand reaching to his left to pick up the smoothie that had been forcefully delivered to him an hour ago, “I’m going to forgive your ignorance of my smoothie for a whole hour –”
It was fine. They'd be fine.
"Which fool ever agreed to date you, you heathen," Tony laughed, "What comparison is that?"
It didn’t surprise him when he found himself walking through the corridors of a relatively empty DIA, eyes roving over the pieces of their recent series of exhibits.
It was only the need to do this right, to make sure that he didn’t miss the moment, that stopped Steve from grabbing Tony’s face and pressing his indignation and joy into kisses.
The disappointment that washed over him, bursting his bubble when the man turned around and Steve faced a stranger; that never left his mind. Broken hope was worse than unwise belief.
“JARVIS,” Tony called out without looking away from Steve’s grinning face, “you up to officiate a shotgun wedding, buddy?”
New York was no stranger to him and Steve let the familiar air wrap around him as he reached his destination after a journey that seemed longer than it really was. The
He had the stones. He had pulled one last trick.
“Libby!”
He turned around as a dozen more portals opened and heroes walked through, ready and suited. Avengers, Wakandans, Inhumans, aliens Carol had told them were called Skrulls – they marched out in hordes and Steve wasn’t the last man standing anymore.
Steve remembered the pressure under his skin, an awareness prickling at his nape as he put the Power stone back.
“But they’re more than that. They have agency of their own in a strange way. Probably why the Soul stone works like that,” Tony shook his head, bringing his thoughts back to the present, “Anyway, when I snapped their powers open, it wasn’t just a generic idea of death. It had to be calculated, specific. And while the energy generated from that affected my body, the powers weren’t directed at killing
The whole thing took nine days, eight days longer than anyone wanted but this was the fight of their lives and those never came easy. When Tony came to tell him that they were finally ready to go ahead, Steve felt the spark of hope fuelled into a larger flame and both men shared a fierce grin of pride before deciding to do it the next morning.
“I’m pretty scrappy,” Tony shrugged a shoulder, “Also, I’m not sure about MIT but that is an excellent suggestion that I will take under advisement.”
This time Steve took a step forward and Tony found that being held by his husband didn't change with time.
“So,” he leaned back and raised a brow at Steve, “You sleeping in his bed now?”
Steve considered Tony’s hand for a beat, just a beat of letting the last memory their hands had met, of a harsher past flow through his mind. One beat and he was slipping his hand into Tony’s, grasping it in a firm shake.
, the thoughts wouldn’t stop and he breathed in hard as they swept through him,
“I’m fine,” the older man rasped but Steve moved to grab his other arm as Tony took the right, “It’s just a graze, I’m fine, let’s move.”
"Cap, we're being hailed," Libby informed him, "I can't activate the defence shields, our signals are being jammed."
late,” Steve corrected with a grin of adrenaline as he spotted the ramp of the jet and aimed for it, “Start the engines, will you? I’m bringing company.”
"It won't fit you," Tony said patiently, eyeing the suit and then shifting his gaze to Steve's torso, "We are not going to be in a role-play stripper scenario here, alright?"
"What are you, the naming police?" Tony swiped at the data running and peered at the codes he didn't recognize, "What's your plan?"
“Happy said you’d be here,” he replied and eyed the
Steve caught the ID badge thrown at him and read the MIT credentials on it before looking up to see Tony come back out.
A thrill of ridiculous excitement went through him when he had the Sceptre in his hands and Steve grinned to himself as he left the elevator without throwing a single punch.
“I know you’re frustrated -,” she began but Steve shook his head.
The shield fell and Steve didn’t pick it back up.
Thanos had won because of them. He had won because of their divisions and suspicions, their lies and lost ties.
And Steve wouldn't cross over because he was a goddamned tree, rooted firmly at his own side, beautiful but unreachable.
“It’s okay,” Pepper laughed lightly and Steve breathed out, “I think you’re reacting better than Natasha. She’s made triple the amount of tea here.”
Steve didn’t know how long it would take for that to develop into full-blown desperation again but he had missed her, missed home strangely, and he smiled back.
"I have so many memories of that wonderful man, Steve," she continued and neither of them cared about the hitch in her words. This was their humanity stripped open. This was life clawed out of a grave's grasp. "And so many parts of those memories are yours too."
Tony rarely, if ever, pursued those he loved. The chase was good, exciting and challenging, when it was to outwit a fellow charmer or brush lint off a boring phase; love fell on the other end of the spectrum and he wasn’t sure what the rules of
“It’s been a couple of hours,” his eyes cut back to Steve and Steve exhaled, slinging the towel around his neck, “Don’t worry, you didn’t miss anything exciting. Except for the few seconds when I almost fought Rocket for giving us a heart attack, but I think that’s pretty normal when you’re around him.”
“Kang’s moving to the Tower soon,” Tony relayed, eyes darting from Potts’ abdomen to Steve, “He said he had something to prove.”
Potts, Steve gathered, was close to his nineties by an easy bet but his face was calm. He had a bruise blooming on his cheek and a split lip, and neither stopped him from talking to Tony in a normal tone.
“Which baby?” Steve asked, not knowing if he was actually having the conversation of if they were having two separate conversations. It felt like eons since he had heard from Tony or someone who met him regularly, his own foolishly sent messages hitting a blank void always.
“I know that the Ancient lady made a reference, but you’re not Aladdin, Steve,” Tony swallowed another mouthful of coffee and pointed at himself with the cup, “And I certainly am not Jasmine.”
“Put your head back inside or so help me –”
“What’s her name?”
“You could have let it hit you,” Tony’s footsteps moved behind him and Steve could picture the stilted jerks of his hand gestures, “There are people you missed for five years and now they’re back in a time you could be in too. Sam, Wanda, Sharon, Barnes – tell me they’re not worth going back for.”
It was a momentary journey before he found himself facing a fortress, jet floating in the darkness. The design resembled a helmet, dark purple and teal, blinking lights of neon blue at the apex.
“I thought you were meeting Shuri today?” Steve considered for a second before gesturing towards the settee and finding his seat on the arm chair, “Clint said he was going with you.”
"Pepper"
"We're on the brink of possible death and you still don't want to –"
"Happened more than we needed it to, but I don't have sympathy right now," he rolled to his feet, touching his cheek before grimacing, "Get whoever's onboard and also Steve. We need Steve."
Now though, he just smiled and avoided telling him the name of whom it tied its devotion to.
Nat smiled slightly at that and shrugged, the blonde tips of her hair resting on her shoulder even as the red had begun to bleed through on top. The bags under her eyes were more pronounced and her nails were chipped in the thumbs. Her jeans had been traded for maroon sweats and the blank tank top had seen better days. She did look messier than he had last seen her but she also looked better.
“It was good to see you, buddy,” Tony clapped him on his shoulder, a quick grip of warmth that carefully didn’t linger and Steve nodded with a soft quirk of his lips.
What if. Why not.
"S-ve"
Meeting his clone was not on his list of things to do, Tony considered, but going by the rate of things spiralling into crazy this might as well happen.
Well all these times they come and go, and alone don’t seem so long,” Steve hummed as he crossed the bridge with a familiar ease, a slow smile creeping over, “Over ten years have gone by we can’t rewind, we’re still locked in time.”
"Fascinating, isn't it," Steve heard from behind him and turned to see a floating man dressed in the same colour scheme as his fortress, "The loops of time."
"I know"
It didn’t take a lot of finagling to get his way into the lab and Steve made a note to tell Nat about it when they got back. Just a little to boast about in an otherwise mess of their own making, he figured and was on his way back to the rendezvous point when it all went to shit. If he had been in a less dire situation, he would have been a little more careful. If he hadn’t been escaping the attention of SHIELD personnel, he would have noticed that he had entered the Director’s office to hide.
Steve's eyes cut over to him at that because Tony knew his sore spots too, he knew the exact tone to rile him up. He honestly didn't know how Potts managed to make things smooth because good didn't mean fine, and friction burned worlds when it was them. He could love Steve, could want all of him, but they were at loggerheads more than they were not, and maybe things would get too tiring soon. Maybe fighting wasn't enough and he couldn't find the other side of this river between them.
They were the same in many ways, except for the ways they weren’t.
They looked like stubborn kids who had taken on the challenge of finishing a year's worth of projects in a night and had ultimately remembered that they were human beings. Steve felt his smile deepen as Natasha burrowed deeper into Tony's back and the genius edged away in his sleep with a mumbled whine.
"You're running?" Tony didn't drink but nodded to Pott's hand clenching the bottle, noting the ring, "Alone?"
Steve nodded and came to stand at the table’s end, at Tony’s foot. There was a trickle of blood drying down his ear and Steve had the strangest urge to wipe it. He looked back at Pepper and saw her staring at Tony’s hand.
"Okay," Rhodey nodded as he slowly came around the wires strewn around Tony to lean against the table, "You don't look so good though."
The days when he would answer to ‘Cap’ were looking farther after all.
“Not till I figured out how to focus,” Tony took another long gulp of his coffee, “At first it was just an awareness of something being released. Like one part of me was free.”
“Steve –”
"She's still picky about you borrowing her jacket for Wanda," Tony mouthed over Steve's t-shirt and yawned as he turned his head to rest his ear over Steve's chest, "It's alright, I like being your new shiny shield."
Meeting Hank Pym and Janet Van Dyne had been one of the better parts of the year they had spent, both in different situations but both gaining them friends. Tony and Jan got on like a house on fire, both larger than life personalities finding an easy mesh of compatibility with their wit and humour. Steve liked talking to her too, her charm and ability to keep a conversation going compensating for his more reserved times. Hank had more of a sharper edge to his personality and he ended up becoming Tony’s friend through a series of arguments in SHIELD labs that steadily became more productive. With Steve he was respectful in a way, more tempered and open to following orders.
“Wait, I’m not going inside alone,” Tony interrupted him and frowned, “We’re going in together.”
They evolved and circled, twisting around each other in an intricate DNA code that nobody else would be privy to. It was ingrained in them, this knowledge of the other’s presence and effect, and that became more recognizable to their senses.
"Why?" he asked even as his hands pushed back the woven leaf sash that was slipping down her shoulder, "What's special about cherries?"
And then she had felt it worse for the man who had calmly powered his way into the room without an ounce of emotion showing on his face.
Carol landed in the clearing before the house sooner than Steve had realized and his boots hit the ground with an unsteady balance. He could still see the little tent perched a few feet away,  the light of the porch bringing out its outline.
like one," he replied and ducked the punch to his shoulder, "I have confirmed sources that you don't kiss like a seal, man. And that's pretty good."
“You know that you’re not trapped here, right?” he asked as Steve did the dishes, Tony’s cooking wiped clean from their plates.
With his posture more comfortable, Steve got to observe the room better and saw the balloons tied to a hook on the door, the bouquet of white calla lilies and spray roses arranged in a vase with the occasional snapdragon peeking through, and a large casket of something that he just
"What are we looking at, my dear?"
Steve squeezed his shoulder once before letting his hand rest against the chair again and fell silent as they worked.
"I'm not the one who's younger here," Steve quipped, and this was good, this was comforting.
A decade ago it had been Bruce. Now it was Thor. But it was still them and it was still going to be okay.
He had never discussed the Wanda incident with Tony. It hadn’t come up in any conversation and he hadn’t thought about it for years. The only time he had ever said it out loud, in any intention of being heard by Tony, had been to a one-way machine that hadn’t ever served them in deeper communication.
They had been goddamn winning.
“It’s alright,” Nebula said quietly and Steve stopped himself from choking on his water when she calmly clenched her hand into a fist before opening to reveal the oddly forked extension emerging from her index, “I can still eat.”
“Someone you really don’t want here,” Tony replied with a wide smile and Steve rolled his eyes.
"How do we stop him?" Tony asked as he checked his phone for any reply from Sam, considering leaving one for Steve before closing the phone.
“Clint’s farm isn’t exactly the same either,” Steve reached the wooden railing and shot Tony a wan smile, “I had some time on my hands too.”
“I’m gonna do what needs to be done right now, Tony,” Steve offered and turned to look at him, “That’s the best I’ve got for you.”
He was at the end of his stretches when he caught Natasha deliver a perfect turning kick before turning on the ball of her foot, balance unfaltering and finishing it off with a sharp hook kick.
"Because you didn't draft the papers –"
He slowly turned to look at the door he had entered and read the name on it with dawning realization before turning back to look at his old picture staring at him from the desk.
Steve tried to recollect that last time he had seen Tony smiling. Was it before half of their world had evaporated into thin air? Before they had thrown away friendship to the Siberian bite? Before an airport?
Tony’s eyes ran over his face for a minute before he exhaled with a nod.
“We tried!” the silence echoed with his declaration and he put the coffee pot down on the counter half-empty. Everything was drained, a void crept into every crack and he was tired of pretending otherwise. He was just tired of
When Tony called Howard the next day, the man was delighted to know that he’d be expecting a visit. They ended up borrowing a SHIELD car and Steve put together a few final loose ends while Tony managed to wrap things up with his project. It took them another couple of days before they were ready to leave and Peggy came by with her husband to wish them luck.
“I’m good,” her voice sounded considerably warm, sounds of a pen clicking in the background, “It’s been a while, hasn’t it? How are you? I heard that you were working with May last month.”
“And Clint,” Steve had vipers nesting in his chest and it wasn’t fair, nothing was, but he went on, “Bruce”
"Because you're his husband too, apparently," Stephen pursed his lips, looking undecided for a second before he continued, "Steven, Potts is Tony, I checked. He's older and different but he is the same man. He's also trying to protect his timeline alongside ours, though I suspect he didn't plan well. Reed is trying to work on locating his timeline and on getting more information about Kang but we're working on limited straws here."
"You need to stay down," he told as he dodged the weak attempt to stop him and eyed the state of Potts' wounds, "Doctor Potts, listen to me, we'll find a way to stop him but you need to rest a minute."
"One," Potts called out, "but you won't like it."
Tony decided against arguing and took two steps forward when the alarms began blaring.
“That’s the other thing about this whole ‘me being alive’ thing,” Tony took a breath and met Steve’s eyes with a steely look, “I can’t go back.”
“Whatever it takes,” he promised and Tony’s eyes met his, a questioning brow raised before his lips quirked up in agreement.
“I know it sounds like horse- unbelievable,” Tony rested his elbows on his knees and held Howard’s eyes, “But it’s the truth. It wouldn’t have been safe to reveal anything before but now –”
“I’ll check-in with Wanda and Barnes for a while,” he nodded and Steve patted his shoulder before turning around to go find Pepper.
DNA. Right.
"Well, you
“Some people move on,” he confided, “but not us.”
Finding Bruce was easy. Convincing him to try was easy too.
The day Tony decided that they best way to celebrate their seventeenth anniversary was to adopt all of Nutmeg’s kittens, Natasha’s cat having birthed the most convincingly duplicitous spawns to exist – that was the end of one portion of Steve’s peace and sanity.
“It’s our anniversary present,” Tony declared and Steve’s eyes shot up, brows rising as he regarded Tony with renewed attention.
“It has to be you?”
“Hello? Is anybody home? Remember me? It’s Scott Lang! Ant Man? We met a few years ago? I know you remember me, look can you open –“
“Oh, I got a lot more than just them. I also got video footage of you trying to lecture a guy who was minutes away from throwing you,” Tony shook his head but his eyes looked faintly amused, “You know, just because I handled Wanda’s video of the park once does not mean that I’m always going to be handling embarrassing or incriminating footage.”
As he stepped out of Tony’s home though, those weren’t on his mind.
"Reed, if it's you and you got caught, I'm going to be disappointed," Tony added, a hint of wariness in his tone but Steve felt relieved that they could speak.
“Who told you you’re funny, Steve?” Tony turned the phone to show him the screen and Steve stilled for a second before burying his face in a hand, “You see, I can guess that you’re exhibiting embarrassment, which I can understand for Natasha’s hair, but why is it happening here? Was this an amorous choice gone wrong? Or right?”
"Where's – Steve?" Potts rasped out and Tony could hear his feet skidding behind.
When they finally reached the room, working with Potts’ information of the fortress he had once seen before, Steve did a quick lookout before letting them in and hoping that they didn’t have to fight an intruder anytime soon.
“It’s an expected paradox. You pushed time through Lang instead of pushing Lang through time,” Tony explained in a rapid flow of words, “It’s dangerous. Somebody could have warned you.”
Tony held the jet steady as he kept firing at the suits in front of him, hoping for one lucky day.
"- it won't be long till he finds a way to the Tesseract," Potts surmised but Steve took a step to Tony's side and shook his head.
The black dot racing across the pathway was loud, blazing over gravel and a less travelled road, and Steve didn’t stop his frown from smoothing over. His eyes tracked the arriving car and he watched as it went past him a few feet, engine whirring to a stop before it reversed, retracing the steps back to where he was. Steve felt the beginning of a smile as the window rolled down before rolling his eyes at the teasingly sad face.
but he was back to working, voice still calm and soothing for the baby, “I’ll just be a minute and then we can get back to your nap time, okay?”
"I'm really liking the Doctor part, you could call me Doctor Stark too," Tony chimed in, quirking his lips at the brush of fingers against his nape, "Rhodey, track us in now and get Danvers on."
Steve stayed silent, letting Tony decide and brushed his shoulder against the man when he nodded, a silent gesture of support.
“Yeah, I had some time on my hands,” Tony quipped, eyes flicking towards the car and then towards Steve, “It’s not exactly Barton’s farm but it’s like - an upgraded version of it.”
After everything had died down, Steve caught Pepper in the garage, staring at the worktable.
“What’s going on? Can you fix it?” Steve asked and watched Bruce try again, the light zapping from the van behind Scott before the suit reappeared.
Steve felt the shuddering storm of a million turmoils threaten to overwhelm his balance and swallowed hard. One moment. A single moment of regrets and reaction was all he could afford.
“I think we might find something,” he said, a plan forming in his head and Tony fell into step as they raced against time.
“What the hell will I say to the people who apparently aren’t my parents anymore?” Tony had bloodshot eyes but his voice was calmer after the water, “What will
He wasn't placing too many bets on that at the moment.
and having a team didn't exempt anyone from feeling the bumps in that turn. And it hit Steve, the legend built upon propaganda and glory of a flagged uniform, much harder than most. Healing was familiar, reforming even more, but this was new and Tony's regrown heart thumped harder at the awareness.
Potts looked relieved than disappointed but inhaled before schooling his expression back to seriousness.
"Well," Tony leaned away from the door frame, a mirthless smile on his face, "That's going to be a problem."
“We’ll figure it out,” Steve assured him, passing a cushion that was behind him, “We’ll figure it out when we get there.”
“You’re certified crazy, Steve Rogers,” Tony declared but his voice had the edge of excitement usually reserved for rare successes, “But my kind of crazy, so we’re good.”
It was startling to see Tony again, even in just a projection, and Steve curled his hands in his pockets as he stood behind Pepper staring as the video progressed. Morgan was huddled next to her mother and Steve followed Tony’s form as he crouched down in front of his daughter for one last goodbye. It was fitting that even Tony’s goodbye was a declaration of hope, of love, just as his entire life had been for those he had chosen to care about.
“Thank you,” Steve repeated in the driest tone he could muster before turning the envelope over in his hands, “But seriously, why?”
Tony stayed silent and Steve pulled himself up on his elbows, dragging the sheets off him as he eyed Tony, cataloguing anything physically wrong.
There was something intrinsically disturbing about watching a spine extend beyond three tables. And then watch it snapping back to a less queasy proportion. He could appreciate the reduced effort because nobody enjoyed walking to go pick up a scanner. But not at the cost of – well, whatever Reed thought was perfectly acceptable in their company.
them!” Hank yelled back over the comm. and Steve moved just in time to dodge the blasts from the Ant-Man suit, “Can you switch the codes or not?!”
He jumped in when Thanos’s frustration got him whaling on Tony, dragging the armour down by a leg. The shield wasn’t doing much damage but it got Thanos’ attention and Steve fell back on years of training, weaving between blows to find his spots, vibranium protecting him the best it could.
“You ready, Iron Man?” he asked as he gunned his bike towards the Avenjet’s spot, ducking and weaving between mines going off around him.
“Why Morgan?” the phone rested lightly between his fingers as Steve sat at the kitchen table, recording for the ninth time, “There’s always a story behind every name of yours, right? Is this like Morgan La Fey? I wouldn’t be surprised; really, you do have a knight aesthetic going on.”
He hadn’t planned it but he pulled out the flip phone from his jacket and flicked it open, screen lighting up in an imitation of the dotted stars above him. He didn’t know what words would fit a conversation never meant to be completed, not really, but his fingers moved before he could pull back from the thought.
to be a baby,” Natasha muttered from Rhodey’s left and Steve bit back a laugh at the low five they shared, Bruce shaking his head at all of them.
“We should leave,” he declared, putting down the bills he had brought, “The staff’s starting to give us looks. And I think they won’t like the conversation we’re going to have.”
“I’m on my way to the control room,” he relayed on the comm., eyes darting over the room, “Anybody got eyes on the Stark fa –”
"Where are we?"
"Well, that won't do," Tony muttered with a pleased hum before dragging himself forward to cup Steve's face and pull him in. The blinds were open and the sun filtered in through the tinted windows, throwing golden shadows down Steve's face. There was warmth beneath Tony's palms and the softness of his husband's t-shirt as his grip shifted down to the shoulders.
“You know we’re seated perfectly for the seven year itch?” Steve asked distractedly and Tony raised a brow.
"Hi to you too, honey," Steve said dryly even as he searched the wall for weak spots.
There was dust clinging to his eyes and Steve blinked them out, curling his legs to try and get up. Tony was standing over him, blood on his forehead and dark dust over his cheeks but he was holding something that made Steve strive to get to his feet faster.
"Is this you giving a pep-talk, because you kind of -," Tony passed him the last ring of metal they had, "- suck at it."
"We tried and it didn't work," Steve repeated, voice lowering a few decibels from broken temper. Natasha had risen from her chair, shoulders braced taut under the worn-out uniform, but her eyes glanced away when he swallowed. They were stripped raw off dishonesty and hope.
Tony nodded and his eyes ticked down for a second before he huffed shortly, a quicksilver flash of repressed understanding. They always did speak better in glances.
“What suit plans? Tony, what –”
They had lost their latest hope, discovered a new puzzle of a possible alien species, and they were trapped but Steve stared at Tony; he had lost people before and Tony knew what loss did for Steve even if he didn’t let it affect others.
"I do," he said and released his hold, watching Steve turn around to jog his way out.
He hadn’t expected Tony to reply, ready to try and figure it out himself, but a delayed pause later his phone chimed with a video link and three words :
this man now, this man who guarded his thoughts, his feelings, and himself so fiercely that all you would see was an impenetrable shield. It was an earned privilege and Tony didn't have to flaunt it, didn't have to share with anyone else the way he knew the tics that told stories over Steve Rogers' face.
“That’s not what I -,” Steve paused, staring at Tony as the comment became clearer to him, “How do you know what she said? You weren’t there.”
“Is Reed’s Bridge still active?” Steve hefted Potts to his feet, checking over Tony quickly as they stood.
“Tony?” Steve rested against the headboard, “Sweetheart, what’s wrong?”
Steve tried to get to him, tried to get out of the circle of fighters crowding him but they kept coming no matter how many he destroyed. He could see through the fighting that Thanos had got the gauntlet and Carol was holding his palm apart.
Their destination was a domed hall with more grey to it than Tony would have ever allowed in any of the Tower's décor. Except for Hulk's calm section, but that was a unanimous decision to let be.
Steve spent the days working through the cases that Peggy brought him to get inputs, the oddities and doubtful, and Tony kept himself busy consulting on Howard’s projects at the base. They didn’t discuss their current predicament but Steve could sense Tony’s silence getting tenser with each passing day. It was a thin sheet of ice but they were still standing on it, still afloat and Steve let it be till the crack would come.
"I'm here," Steve smiled and Tony let himself lean forward, just enough that Steve could try again, could get a second first kiss. Steve lingered for minutes, the way he always did with things that mattered, and Tony could fit a smile curved to their measurements as they brushed apart finally.
“Completely?”
She had stood rooted to the spot when she had seen Iron Man come hurtling towards the ground, chest burned black, as the snow kept falling around him. She had always been thrown off balance by them, hadn't she? The few men who had managed to make her want to stay. Want to grow roots. Want to see them branch out.
“At one point I even wondered if he Googled the song just to get an in to the conversation,” Steve shook his head, “Was I always this judgemental? I don’t know if I want an answer to that. Anyway, it reminded me of the time someone once tried to talk to Wanda about
“Did you do it?” Tony whispered and Steve smiled against his neck, one arm curling over his abdomen.
“Is it over?” he heard Thor ask and Steve felt his face break out in a smile, turning to see him land.
The flip phone was supposed to be locked in his old suit, the one he never took out.
Tony rammed the controls to full speed and tore through the bridge with the confidence of someone who had nothing left to lose.
“Well as you can see,” she smiled even as a tear slipped down her cheek bone, “your friend is fine.”
"Shit, shit, shit," Tony swore as he swooped low, regretting the last moment when he had considered this plan because there was no way Potts would make it, there was no way he could land that jump from where he was leaning with a hand pressed against his gut.
“There’s a fifty percent chance that nothing will go wrong,” Bruce said cheerfully and Steve had an intense urge to facepalm.
“You’re talking about getting back into the fray,” Steve looked down at the paper and the model of a new uniform, a slight resemblance to his old stealth suit, looked back at him, “Tony, I can’t be Captain America again.”
"The - uh -"
Still, Steve distractedly wondered if he could figure out when they had first done this. He clearly remembered the raunchier beginning, the first time they had 'slept together' with no real trace of sleep or clothes. It was the softer parts, the simply lying in close company, that didn't show the starting point in memory.
“With occasional tasteful inputs, of course,” Tony shrugged, chuckling when Steve finally reached out to wrap his arms around the genius’ waist.
“Cap, this is Sam, do you copy?” the voice continued in his comm and Steve slowed down, feet skittering to a halt, “On your left”
He watched the call end before putting his phone down and looked down at himself. It wasn’t that cold outside, not immediately, but he did like having a jacket with him when he went to his sessions. There was something to be said about layers and shields, but Steve had enough practice at taking hits. He stood up to go change, deciding on taking Pepper’s advice in the end.
Steve groaned over the comm.
Steve didn’t look up from his report but caught the shoes standing in front of him. He did a quick calculation of the time and sighed as he realized that he really should be sleeping.
There was an evening back in 2021, right before the Snap’s anniversary, when the roads of Manhattan were back to being busy and Steve had walked in the midst of an ignoring crowd. It was warm enough to skip a jacket when he had set out from his apartment but his hands were getting cold then, so he trudged the pavement of Park Avenue with his hands stuffed in his pockets. The Tower had long since lost its symbolic A and a more obsolete O gleamed down from the peak, jarring to Steve's eyes.
“They are,” Steve agreed, watching the water wash away the suds on the plain plate, scrubbing at the edges, “They’re all worth fighting for. And you’re right, I did spend five years wanting to save them.”
Steve looked around, the realization dawning on him with a slow trickle of warmth, watching Thanos’ army turn to dust everywhere. Thanos himself staggered, fumbling towards the seat they had first found him in, and everything about him screamed defeat.
“Take care,” Steve said when Pepper looked up at him through the window and she squeezed his hand once before nodding. Steve watched the car drive away and stayed there till his head settled, before turning back to the house.
“This isn’t about me”
Tony raised a brow at his retreating figure but then stilled when he felt a hand on his shoulder, turning to face a tired but open Steve.
It was a close call at a point but they managed to get out and the signal interference broke away once they gathered some distance. It didn't take long for Tony to put a distress call through to the Tower and Rhodey answered almost immediately.
Tony was sitting at his piano, courtesy of Maria’s enthusiasm when she had last heard him floor her guests into a frenzy. That was a nice sight, watching Tony play.
"I'm almost there to unlocking the dampeners," Potts replied from the screen, looking haggard but focused, "Where's the other one?"
Somewhere down his own time, Potts must have learnt to identify bitterness in his reflection pretty well and Tony caught his knowing look as he schooled his expression.
“He had this picture on his bookshelf of him and his wife, but it looked like the car they stood in front of was his true lover,” Tony eyed the suit before shrugging a shoulder, waving a hand towards the car, “I recognize the license plate.”
“So your plan was to propose to me and get re-engaged?” Tony asked even as he curled one arm around Steve’s neck.
"Found it," Potts called out, straightening with a bitten-off wince before his screen widened to show a blueprint with notes in the background.
"He was mine," she spoke over him, quiet truth in a heavy echo of the past, "He never made me feel otherwise. But you were his too. I never saw that proved otherwise either. And I'm never going to stop being glad that he had that. That he had more love meant for him than he thought he did. It's what he deserves."
“Tony,” Steve pulled out the words through the knot in his chest, “What did you choose?”
It took another day for Bucky to drive up to the home and Steve was on the phone with Rhodey when he saw his friend.
"Coordinates"
“He came by about two weeks after Tony returned from space,” she made a face but shrugged, “I don’t know why he thought it was a good idea but I guess he was looking for someone to unload on and it was easy to put it on the person who wasn’t here. Anyway, he came down to meet Tony and for about ten minutes things were civil.”
“I do!” Steve dropped his voice, raw breath scraping his throat and Tony was breathing hard, blinking as he stared at Steve, “I do, I’ve made them before. Why do you think I know this isn’t fair?”
Tony smiled sadly at her and Steve could feel his heart begin to crack, remembering the photo he had once seen, a wedding image from years ago. Pepper had always been his shelter in the storm, the one to put him back together, and now she had a hand over his reactor. Still holding him.
Tony smirked when Howard shook his head with a laugh.
It was that confidence, the want to build upon it, that made Steve’s heart beat strong when Tony cheated at the Scrabble.
He had gotten up then. He got up now.
"I've got it from here, check on him," he called out without turning but heard Steve's footsteps.
"I trust you to get us out of here," Steve shifted his wrist to catch Tony's wrist in his palm, "Do you trust me?"
"Are you working from the control room?" he asked as he dragged the spare case for Widow's bites. It was concealed and powered down, spy's intuition saving it from being confiscated, and Tony could use it if he needed to.
Tony opened the hatch of the jet and activated the Monkey-Grab protocol that he had specifically designed for Clint and Steve.
He could know Tony from day to week, every missed moment a clarity in motion, and the man in front of him was not the one he had come seeking. This was the man he had kissed before war had ravaged their peace.
“You’re taking this way better than I expected,” Tony informed him but Howard shrugged, smiling at Steve.
“Okay,” Steve told himself and then once more to the curious eyes staring up at him in his arms, “Okay?”
"I miss you," he repeated and he was a coward, had been one for so long that it was in his bones. A brave soldier and a cowardly lov -
“Are you cooking? Steve clicked his tongue at the skepticism in her tone but nodded.
Libby wasn’t a person, but she was Steve’s. Tony understood that, the way very few did.
“She still hates that nickname,” Steve smiled slightly and Howard nodded with a surprised huff, “Congratulations on your kid, Howard. I know this is a lot to take in but I’m glad we got to tell you.”
"Sam knows I'm here," Steve answered, letting Stephen take what he will from that, "Stand-by if things go south, we might need back-up."
"Tony?"
It was easy finding out the location of Hank Pym’s lab and Steve chose that, knowing that Tony was more suited to figuring out where Howard would have kept the Tesseract. He shot Tony a look when the other man gestured for him to get into the elevator first, a flourish in his body language. If anything, it seemed like Tony was enjoying this whole roleplaying business.
Steve turned his head and saw Tony lying ramrod straight, eyes closed but facing the ceiling.
“Wait, Vantablack?” Pepper scowled into the camera, making a disgruntled noise when Steve nodded, “He’s an absolute shit.”
Two months of a loose rope and Steve re-read the single sentence, remembering all the times in the years they were on the run that Nat would get tense about Wanda not checking in. On the particularly bad days, when they would come back from a botched up infiltration or there would be too many takeout cartons left half empty, he’d catch her texting. It took a lot to get a spy to break their paranoia but some things still managed to do it and it wasn’t until he had met up with Nat one noon in December, in town with Sharon on a mission, that Steve understood that it was Clint.
Thor fell. Tony got pushed down. Steve tried to bring Mjölnir down on Thanos and was ripped away from it, thrown away.
Carol almost had the gauntlet before a whirl of purple light hit her square, blasting her off Thanos. Their strongest chance and she had been thrown away.
"Because of you, Rogers," Kang stared him down when Steve turned to face him, a distasteful expression creeping in, "Because you broke the laws of time and it was always for a Stark."
"Did you like the caviar?"
“It’s one of the better things you’ve had me do, sir,” JARVIS replied and Steve laughed even as Tony kissed him shut.
Natasha had stood beside her mother, too young to be asked to be anybody’s legacy and too famous to be exempted from it, and Tony stuck close to them through it all. Steve handled SHIELD, Peggy facing new threat for her position now that her strongest supporter was gone. They were both needed and they both came home with newer burdens every night.
“Should I be worried about how you seem to know whose car this is?” Steve leaned against the door and the handle twisted easily with his force, moving back to let Tony crawl in to dig around in the dash.
"That's not a good definition of a heist," Steve replied even as he bit back a grin at Tony's raised eyebrow, "There's got to be another way."
now, he amended in his mind as he turned onto his back and stared at the ceiling. The t-shirt rucked up in his movement but he ignored it, not really willing to change into a tank-top or go nude. He liked the shirt, its softer red converging into a single white star at the chest. Well, chest of the original owner and resting more on Tony's abdomen, but it was the comfort that mattered.
“Natasha Stark,” Howard tried, face creasing into a slow smile when he heard it out loud, “That might just work.”
doubted the consequence of it when they had wheeled in a shell of a man she had last seen soaring. It had been snowing down a carpet of trouble outside and there were agents cleaning up the aftermath of the battle, but Maria had felt doubt for the singular person who hadn't opened his eyes to see it all.
The attack came immediately, every possible defence system trained on the jet as he crashed through the bay, ramming into everything that came in his way. He could hear Steve's voice come through the comm and Kang's voice filtered through after a beat, the usual villain banter playing out but he had no time for amusement this time. The aerial bridge was guarded by flying suits that looked like a cross between the Chitauri shells and Mark I but their power was heavy. He heard Steve curse but forced himself to focus on the fight at hand, looking out for the man he was supposed to save.
“The -,” Steve didn’t mean to but a laugh steeped in bitterness fell away, “Nat, we came away with ashes and a severed head. The end was pretty clear. We need to move on.”
“What happened to being a pacifist?” Tony yelled as he ducked the lasers and used a halved table as shield before throwing one of the knives he had picked up from the buffet, “Who are these bots pacifying, Hank?”
"Captain America," a deep voice answered, layered with knowing amusement, "How nice of you to join us finally. I'm Kang, the Time Conqueror and I welcome you."
“It worked”
“I do,” he agreed and raised his wrist to key in the date, matching it to Tony’s, before locking eyes with him and disappearing again. Whatever it took in the end, they would manage. Steve trusted that.
And then Steve let his shield fly, the beginning of the attack.
They didn’t move to New York completely until two months later, when Tony finally understood that Steve was showing no hint of leaving.
"Me too," Steve whispered as he watched over Tony slowly descend into a trusting slumber, the longing to care finally fitting into the space of offered right. He'd remember this first, he mused, and the room glowed softly as the lights gave way to the sole nightlight from their bedside lamp.
There was a spark of recognition, of power and war as he lifted and Mjölnir welcomed a warrior home. It was warm against his palm and Steve could feel the surge of awareness, knowing that he could call on Thor’s power now. It was all he needed to know now and he let it fly, aiming for Thanos.
“How about Natasha?” he suggested and bumped his hand against Steve’s when Howard raised his brows.
"Commander Rogers is on the other side of the country," Tony pointed with his apple when he caught the questioning look, "I told you, we've all got different purposes now. He's fixing SHIELD or whatever's left of it."
“Your excuses get flimsier and uninteresting with every passing moment,” Tony declared before a grin spread over his face, mirth colouring his voice, “Did you miss me? Was this a depression beard?”
!” Steve could hear the panic in his own voice and heard Nat swear, “Bring him back!”
happy. Somebody among them, among the team he couldn’t hold on to, needed to.
“Doesn’t feel like I’ve done enough of that,” Steve admitted and she frowned, “There’s just so much we could do.”
Ten minutes later, they were walking down the grounds of the base and Steve felt his skin prickle with recognition, a premonition of oddity ringing clearly in his mind even as he kept his gait as calm as possible. He’d heard it enough from Natasha to remember and it was obvious from Tony’s own restless curiosity that he was relieved by his temporary anonymity.
“I got it!” Peter called out as Steve ducked another punch, knowing that the kid had taken the gauntlet from T’Challa, “Okay, this is bad – uh, a little help?!”
Steve raised a brow and bit back the smile threatening to crack at her expression.
“Where will you stay?” she asked, holding a small bag in one hand, “The Compound is ruined.”
Rhodey browsed through a new design manual from the nearest screen and Tony let it be as he worked through his code.
whenever he could. It was heart-wrenching at times, going through endless catalogues of children who had lost their homes, their families in the blink of an eye. There were names and numbers, shelters passed on with tags, a system that ran on people who sifted through the ashes to find life again.
Steve remembered Tony avoiding his eyes during the picnic, studiously making excuses to stay away. So that was because of this.
Tony gave a short wave to Howard and finally turned towards Steve, walking without looking back at his father.
“But it wasn’t the same for you,” Steve surmised, joining the dots in his head.
“If you’re checking for fractures that’s not how you do it,” he said and Steve felt his bubble burst but this time it wasn’t disappointment.
They were fine, friends and lost in a shared misery, but fine was teetering on the edge of a chasm with every passing day.
Tony was sleeping, blissfully ignorant of the last burden Steve had taken off his shoulder, and Steve sighed as he removed his jacket to hang it on the chair Natasha had just vacated. He considered sitting but then decided that he was more tired than that and made his way into the bed, slowly fitting himself against his husband till his head was right beside Tony’s.
Today, Tony sat in the seat beside him lost in his own thoughts, staring out the window with his feet up on the dash and Steve didn’t bother to tell him to take it off.
He heard her scramble to command the gates to be opened and watched the entrance of the room till a panicked, slightly confused, but very much alive Scott Lang walked through.
Steve felt his heart stop. It couldn’t be. Could it?
Thanos knew that he was winning and it showed when he eyed Steve with the blade shining in is hand.
The urge to swear was a constant with every departure and arrival through the Quantum Realm but Steve focused on the ground beneath his feet when they finally landed. His eyes met Tony’s immediately before glancing over to check on the others.
“You weren’t really born here, right?” Steve noted the posters on the wall and heard the amusement in Tony’s voice.
“Great,” Pepper’s tone had happiness and a calm that didn’t come often nowadays, “Tony’s got his day planned out with the baby and it’ll be nice to see another familiar face.”
“Organic farming at its finest?”
It took him a minute to swallow her memories back down. He didn't bother to address the echoing ache of another missed chance that he would have to return home after this. There were somethings that didn't have an ending, an off switch. They were only upgraded to more potent forms or versions of their intensity when least expected.
This time it was joy in its purest form.
“Right,” Steve leaned away from the wall and dragged a hand over his face, taking a breath before looking at Tony, “Let’s go.”
He barely resisted jumping when he felt a tentative pat on his back and shot Tony a look, seeing the man wear a small but strangely understanding smile. It wasn't loud but it meant more than any number of assurances and Steve nodded to himself as they continued their walk.
It took Tony three minutes later than calculated to get to the spot and Steve recognized his companion in an instant, eyes shifting back to Tony to gauge his body language. The silver briefcase was clutched tight in his hands and his shoulders were lowered, but Steve could see the way his eyes kept falling back to Howard between every word exchanged. They hadn’t discussed it, Howard or Maria or the last time both of them had been seen, and Steve felt his heart clench as he watched Tony hug the man who didn’t know their relation yet.
Steve frowned a little, shaking his head and Peppers smile softened.
“Like a fungus?” Tony raised a brow, his hands in the suit pockets.
Steve read the words over and over, till they rang in his mind as easily as his own name would find recognition. He had never thought that a piece of office stationery would have the power to reduce him to the barest form, to grind his walls into dust that were long awaited to meet their end.
The world didn’t change just because they did, and sometimes Steve wondered if they actually did change at all. Tony was still Tony and he was still Steve, and they were still bound to the same composition of beliefs and being.
In all these years, there had been just two secrets Steve had kept from Tony. Both of them weren’t going to be fruitful, he had decided, and kept one of them locked in his heart while the other had been more physical. When he had left 2023, Steve had carried his compass to convince the Steve of 2012 but that hadn’t been the only item he had brought along.
They fell into an unpredicted measure after that, one step still as Steve and Tony but the other ready to step into the
Steve did give in to his urge of kissing him senseless.
“Fine then. We should leave.”
“Let’s do this,” he muttered to himself, pocketing his phone again and walking in, ready to try one more support group session. He could worry about everything else later.
“If we meet him, yes,” Steve replied because there were enough lies to keep track of, enough words left unsaid from the past and this wasn’t one to add to that list.
Now though, the story was different and Steve didn’t know which rationalization would make sense of it to the world. Now Clint wasn’t Hawkeye with a code, with a cool head and a warm heart for those he considered his own.
Tony nodded because he knew about those who had loved Steve, deeply, devotedly, and with a dedication that had built its own legends. It was easy to love Steve Rogers, they said. It was beautiful to be loved by Steve, Tony could say. To be held by a man who pushed ahead to hide his vulnerabilities. Someone who would kiss with nerves because he wanted to, because he needed to, even if he didn't know how. Someone who waited for those were already his.
“Hey, Queens!” Steve threw the one holding him in a chokehold and raised his eyes to track where the Spider suit was, “Heads up!”
When he finally moved from kissing the dimpled chin, Tony caught Steve's face and lightly ran his thumbs over the cheekbones, letting Steve keep his eyes closed for another moment. It was okay. He knew what he would see when they opened.
It had happened and neither Thor nor Steve had witnessed it. One unknown of contact and the other willfully not called.
“Anyway, he used to have this thing he did before anything new, this tic,” Tony inhaled and turned his face but didn’t meet Steve’s eyes, “He’d mutter this phrase under his breath and take a minute before getting to it. 5 Schritte zum ziel.”
Steve let Tony take the lead this time and the last thing Tony saw was him closing his eyes with a soft smile, trusting and welcoming. In the quiet of their space, with a new day around them, they fell back into each other.
Things didn’t get easier after that day, not really, but Steve wasn’t sure there was any point that would make their reality every
“Of course,” the sink looked like it needed to be cleaned, didn’t it, “Pepper?”
"Could you stop your mind-reading thing? My thoughts have intellectual rights," Tony dodged the hand that came to push him but grinned as he shook his head, "It's not - we went out for dinner last night."
Tony stared at the face that looked back at him, at the grey head of hair and a faintly blooming bruise on a calm cheek, deep brown eyes twinkling with amusement at what he assumed was his expression of dawning confusion.
Neither of them had any solid arguments when Bruce volunteered and reminded them that the Hulk was made to withstand gamma radiation. Tony put up his armour’s light shield and Steve raised his own shield, everybody at alert when Bruce slid his hand into the gauntlet.
Now he could punch villains for taunting his
Sometimes reality was far better.
“No,” she answered immediately and Steve raised a brow at the tap as he set to cleaning the carrot, “Well, yes.”
“We didn’t have a cake either,” Tony shrugged and eyed Steve’s face critically, “You look like shit. I can’t say I’m all that sad.”
It should have been obvious when he had begun following Steve.
"Okay," Tony agreed, even though it wasn't okay, none of this was okay but he wasn't going to take the lead right now, "Tell Sam I'll send him the upgrades by next week."
It still felt like home.
It felt odd to Steve that Kang didn’t detect them making their escape but as they passed the corridors to the control chamber, he caught sight of the fortress detecting presence of the Avengers Tower while simultaneously targeting other areas of their friends. The security screens changed locale with every passing minute but they didn’t have time to pause and parse out a plan.
“First food,” Tony agreed and Steve gestured for him to move ahead, watching his back as they made their way out.
"You bastard," Steve spat out low to Kang, anger coursing through him because this was robbing Tony's life, ripping out his time through agonisingly deceitful mercy, "You have a problem with me, take it up with me. I broke time, I'm the one you want, right? Fight me, then."
"Sorry, wrong guesses," Tony called out as he made his way into the room, arm pointed outwards as he turned to face the intruder, "Just plain old me."
“I thought you removed all the trackers?” Steve raised a brow but Tony tossed the phone at him without looking.
Tony’s eye roll felt like the last piece fitting in.
would give more weight to the next banter they indulged in with dramatic maniacs.
"No, coming to take on a time-travelling maniac alone is incomparable"
Steve knew that. They had had one of their earliest arguments about it.
There should have been a beach, Tony thought idly as his toes rustled tufts of green beneath him. He likes pebbles, smooth and misshapen and warm in the palm.
“Yes,” Tony turned to check the opening they had, looking back at Potts, “We need to get a hold of that Cube before we reach the Tower.”
"There was no blowjob," he pointed out and slapped his friend's hand away when it came to meddle with his code, "It was just a dinner and a date. I
Steve stuffed his hands in his pocket and observed Nat address the projections of the others before they blinked out, leaving only Rhodey. It was obvious what the hesitation was about but hearing him talk about the latest cartel carnage made Steve wince, the image clear in his head. He knew how Clint worked by now and – it really wouldn’t be pretty. He heard the crack in her voice as she asked Rhodey to try tracking him again and Steve took a deep breath, putting on a neutral expression as he saw the projection end before Nat let herself cry, pressing both palms to her eyes. He finally moved forward into the room and tried for a smile.
