Sherlock bites his lower lip as he tries not to think about Redbeard. The memory is still fresh and hurts, oh, how it hurts. He’s tried to lock it away, delete it as Mycroft told him he should, but he finds he can’t. Maybe he’s not yet good enough at this deleting thing, at compartmentalising his feelings and shutting away certain memories that pain him. Mycroft has mastered it, he is sure. There are few things his brother seems to truly care about. He snorted with derision when Sherlock implied (solely to get a rise out of him), that he was reaching the age normal boys were looking for girlfriends – or boyfriends, given that Mycroft attends an all boys school with very little opportunities to meet members of the other sex.
“Okay. I’ll have a look in a moment,” says John. “But perhaps you could ... you know, give me a hint of what to expect.”
Mariella smiles. “Excellent. That’s very kind of you. Would you like me to bring your dinner to the room, or do you prefer to come down to the restaurant? It’s next to the pub, so it might be a bit loud. They’re quite a boisterous crowd in there.”
“But it’s probable, isn’t it?” insist John. “Think about it. Jenny’s been stressed for weeks. Then this thing with the message happens, her one chance to finally escape her unfulfilling but very exhausting job and make it big at Bletchley. She needs a break, she needs to confide in a person she trusts. Ask for counsel, perhaps. And then something happens in that car that makes her doubt Adler’s true allegiance. And her world shatters. And what’s more, if she believed Adler to be a German spy, she’s just handed her vital information about her job at the Park. Adler knows Jenny’s working on intercepted messages. Jenny believes she’s just betrayed one of Britain’s best kept secrets to someone who at least entertains close contact with a traitor, somebody who collaborates with the Germans. Jenny wasn’t one, but in that moment, she must have believed she had become a traitor herself.”
John drew a deep breath. “I really appreciate that you trust me enough to tell me what seems to have been troubling you for some time. Know that I’ll always listen – and without judging – whenever you’re willing to talk.”
“I can go if she needs my help again,” says Sherlock quickly. “Here are the scones she made.” He holds out the plate.
He sighs, staring ahead, aware that Sherlock is watching him thoughtfully. John gives him a quick smile and averts his gaze again. Looking too long at Sherlock while they’re sitting on their beds in their boxers ... not a good idea. Silence descends upon the room, broken only by the murmur of conversation from a neighbouring room. Eventually, Sherlock stirs. “You mentioned my invitation to cohabit to the mechanics.”
“Yes, without question. And so are they. But concerning their loyalty, an investigation is already under way, and we have our eyes on several who might be working for more than one employer, in high places and low, or who may have gone … native.”
Magnussen puffs on his pipe. Sherlock catches him rolling his eyes at the doctor, and suddenly feels angry. Watson is right. These aren’t exactly perfect working conditions, and people like Magnussen aren’t helping things with their constant consumption of tobacco. “You don’t smoke, I take it, doctor?” asks the Dane.
“I wish you would,” growled John. “You’ve been out of sorts for days now. That case today, the florist one, you didn’t even show off – much – after you’d solved it. And Katie’s dead horses, honestly, can’t be much more than a three. You don’t usually even concern yourself with animal cases. So why now?”
“Sherlock, could you help me here for a moment? The women are busy with the other children.” He motions for Sherlock to come over, which he does, carefully kneeling down next to John to the protest of his ribs. The bells have stopped now and the commotion has died down. The two women have begun to herd the other children towards the firemen and the nurses who have arrived in the ambulance.
Sherlock smiles. “Thank you,” he rumbles. He turns his head to be able to see John’s face. “I mean it. Thank you, for everything.”
Straightening again, he scans the ground to both sides of the kerb. There is another blood-stain on the tarmac, and another further on, leading diagonally across the street towards the bicycle stands and the narrow park beyond. Turning around, he searches the other side. There is another stain, not very clear because apparently somebody walked through it when it was still fresh. More can be found in the gutter next to the door. Quite a lot, actually, as if the bleeding person waited there for a moment.
Sherlock shook his head as he ran a hand through his wild hair. “We have to wait for the coroner’s report and what ballistics can tell us. I’d like to talk to Kerke’s neighbours, both at his flat and his stall at the market. According to what is said about him online, he was a well-liked man. Not even his ex-girlfriend, the mother of his child, speaks ill of him. She has the full custody of the girl, but Kerke saw her almost every fortnight. So far, the only possibly shady thing about him is his Notting Hill flat. He bought it when he first arrived in the UK. It’s a former council flat, but it wouldn’t have been cheap even then, and its value has risen considerably over the past decade.”
“Yes, that’s what I thought as well. But I felt like an idiot running after him, so I desisted. We barely saw each other in the following weeks, and even during the lectures we shared he wouldn’t sit next to me any longer but kept to his rowing mates, and not long after to another girl, likely to prove to the world and himself that he wasn’t gay, and that having been spotted in the arms of the ‘freak’ had been a singular, alcohol-induced accident.”
John lets out a long breath, squeezes his shoulder. “I forgive you. And I’m not angry. You know, I’m glad it took both of us at the same time. I wouldn’t have managed to mourn you again. Once was all I can bear. Perhaps that’s why we’re here, as ghosts. I’m not really religious, but I have prayed to whoever might listen to keep me alive, and also to send you back after you’d jumped. And both wishes were granted. So perhaps someone is listening. And who knows, maybe we were allowed to stay and not ... move on because we had some unfinished business here. Helping others – I as a doctor and you with your cases. And between us, of course. It’s kinda telling that we needed to die and stay on as ghosts to finally pull our heads out of our arses and admit we’re in love with one another.”
Even though there is absolutely no light, when he wets his fingers by spitting into his hand and holding it into the air, he can feel the slightest draught from somewhere near the floor. There must be a door or some kind of tiny opening. He extends his hand towards the draught. It gets marginally stronger. Good.
“Brilliant. Took you two long enough,” says Mike cheerfully while unpacking his massage utensils. “Oh, and in case you worry, I haven’t told anybody, and won’t unless it’s okay with you.”
“Well, we can do that, no problem. We can repeat it every day from now on until we deem we have collected sufficient information.”
Sherlock hides his smile behind the rim of his glass. “I’d appreciate that,” he replies quietly, after taking a sip.
“Yes, perhaps. Come on, let’s get rid of the bloody sheet. And your pyjama bottoms, too. I’ve been fantasising about that delectable arse of yours for ages now.”
He leafs through the folder that contained the intercept, then whistles softly. “Oh,” he breathes, as his heartbeat accelerates at the rush of adrenaline coursing through him. John halts and turns back to him.
John’s voice has gone quiet, his expression sad, almost wistful. Sherlock wonders what happened to his friend since he obviously mourns him.
“Sam, can you hear me? Not sure my mic is working still. I’m okay. Bit battered and bruised, but nothing worse.”
“Yeah. Bad legs, bad shoulder, funny tummy, everything hurts like a fucking nightmare.” The two others exchange a commiserating glance. Both bear minor injuries indicating recent crashes. Hopkins’ upper arms are rather badly sunburned, and Gregson had been complaining about stomach troubles at breakfast. John is certain they haven’t abated during this stage of hell.
Loud hoots and cheers sound. Jim raises his hands to calm the crowd. “Moreover, I have a special treat for you. It’s my great pleasure to announce a special guest to sing for us tonight. Some of you may have heard her, some may have heard of her because her name and fame have travelled faster than she herself today. So, dear people of Bletchley, especially for you, here is the incomparable, the exciting, the dangerous Irene Adler, more commonly known as The Woman.”
Stealing a glance at Sherlock again who lay deep in thought, his profile silhouetted against one of the grimy, bracken-patterned windows, John knew he would never have been happy spending an ordinary life in the suburbs with a wife, kids, house, a steady job, the lot. The life he had with Sherlock with all its unpredictability, the danger, the extraordinary, often funny or touching and sometimes awkward situations, this was what he truly craved. It might turn out to be a shorter life because of the ever-looming possibility of an untimely end for either of them, but it was so much more intense to make up for that. John smiled at the ceiling and drew a deep breath of contentment.
John nodded. “How was she killed, then? If Molly couldn’t find anything. It doesn’t seem like a spur-of-the-moment thing. Both location and execution – literally – were planned.”
He overtakes three other cyclists, a group of young women, only one of whom has a working light on her vehicle. They are in fact discouraged to ride with light to enforce the blackout, which doesn’t make cycling very safe despite the rarity of cars. But the fewer hints one can give German reconnaissance aircrafts, the better, and a regular swarm of glowworm-like lights issuing from a nondescript manor in Buckinghamshire would be a dead giveaway that something unusual was afoot.
John barks out a short laugh. “Yeah, I bet you aren’t. I told him to piss off – not in those words exactly, but I think he got the gist. I was only as polite as I could stomach. I made clear that you’re part of our team, that you are my friend, and that I was going to watch out and look after you – if you wanted me to, that is.”
John sighed. “To apologise, and because old Mrs. McFarlane said they’re a good way of making peace. I felt rotten all morning for leaving you like this. Moreover I happen to know that you like nougat although you won’t admit it, and since you’re far too skinny after not eating properly for weeks, I considered them a good way to try and fatten you up a little.”
Despite repeated breakaway attempts over the first few kilometres, the sprinter-teams in the peloton manage to control the race so that the first two ascents of the day, the fourth category Col du Marais and the third category Côte du Bouchet with its highest elevation Mount Charvin at 931 m are passed in the large group. There is an intermediate sprint at the base of the descent at Faverges after almost forty kilometres into the race. The sprint points are won by those who dared the most during the downhill flight: Sören Fantoft of Team Arla comes first, followed by Mark Morstan and Team Speedy’s own Harry Lyons.
Walking over to his jacket, he withdraws the copies of the messages from the inner pocket and waves them at John. “How about we give decoding these a try, before we’re completely tired out? Or do you want to sleep now?”
“All right then,” she says, and then, “Shall we go and join the others?” asks Molly. “I could do with a drink, and also we need to make sure that your doctor is still in one piece and not covered in lipstick and bite marks already.”
“I certainly don’t plan on partying with Team CS all night, John. Although a brief visit and another, possibly private, chat with Victor could be very beneficial, particularly when he’s in a good mood and off his guard.”
Sherlock stares at him, his heart thudding heavily. He feels exactly the same. How is that possible? He is deeply touched by John’s confession.
Next to him, John smiles grimly. The hand in Sherlock’s back gives a brief rub before he drops it. “Shouldn’t we head down there, away from the top, and proceed closer to these bushes. If we continue along this ridge, we’ll be in plain sight.”
“Yes, but does your hand do anything particular to your penis? Do you have special thoughts, fantasies? What was your dream about?”
John lay down on his side, his head propped on his right arm, watching Sherlock expectantly and with no small amusement. “So, would that be something you might want to try, too, now that the kissing turned out to have been all ri— good?”
Sherlock winks at him. John finds him particularly lovely like this: dishevelled, his cheeks flushed and his eyes bright from a good orgasm, loose and mischievous and happy. “Oh, you know. Putting up shelves, and other ... DIY. I may extend the manual. Feel free to add some instructions, too.”
Sherlock cannot prevent his breath hitching at the bluntness of the question. He swallows, absently tracing a scar on his thigh he received when he fell off a tree as a child. He could lie. He is good at it, usually. He could tell John that he didn’t mean it, that he just wanted to be friendly, that he was distracted. He’d come up with the right words, he is certain. And what then? John would look at him with one of his grave, sad expressions, and nod, and then he’d get up and go to the bathroom to put some distance between them, and when he returned, Sherlock would pretend to be asleep. The next morning, they wouldn’t talk about it. Not then, and not ever. The lingering glances would remain, laced with regret and sadness. Things would become stilted and awkward between them, because of course John would know that he lied. Their friendship, the easy companionship and precious affection that has developed between them in this short time of knowing one another, it would suffer, eventually be destroyed. Sherlock would lose the only friend he’s ever manage to make, the only person who truly likes and bothers to understand him, who even, dare he hope, loves him.
“Yes, Magnussen’s father is big at manipulating the press to weaken opponents,” adds Wilkes. “CAM Media are known for running smear campaigns against competitors – basically anybody they don’t like. They publish all kinds of half-truths and even downright lies about people without even bothering about evidence. Most of it is the vilest clickbait, but it generates revenue through advertising, enough to weather the occasional lawsuit. It’s a kind of psychological warfare. But if I were you, Trevor, I’d look into Baskerville to find out if somebody tampered with your food. They’d have the chemical means to do so, and they’re ruthless when I  t comes to dealing with opponents. Look at how they quashed affected locals and environmentalists who criticised the way they dealt with their latest eco-disaster.”
“What the heck is going on with these two? They wouldn’t smile, wouldn’t look at each other, would barely sign that flag together in an orderly manner. Trevor overwrote Sherlock’s signature, and then Sherlock struck out his on the next item. Why are they behaving like silly schoolboys? I was fully expecting either of them to draw a dick under the other’s name.”
John shrugs, feeling a hot wave rush through him when he realises how his words could be misconstrued. He smiles in what he hopes is an innocent manner. “Well, by riding the Tour and all that,” he ventures. “And this is only the beginning of the second week. You haven’t had that much time yet to investigate things. The solution will come to you, I’m sure. And now, if you’re done here ...,” he motions towards the toilet.
John chuckled softly. “Well, you’re on a steep learning curve in that area, I’d say. But there’s always room for improvement.”
John is scratching the back of his head, looking a little embarrassed. “Listen, I hope I didn’t wake you. Hope I didn’t wake the ladies, either.”
John grins. “I know. Do you remember the last time we went swimming? It must have been before the Alps, that night when we met Victor at the pool.”
Something sparks in the other’s eyes. “Oh, but it is,” he says, the quiet intensity of his reply startling John. It didn’t sound like a man who’s a bit of a control freak or likes to interfere with his brother’s life out of spite or some mislaid sense of familial duty. There is genuine concern there, underlined by Holmes’ words, “I worry about him. Constantly. If you must know, Sherlock doesn’t have friends, because every time he tried to get close to people in the past, he was let down. More than that, in fact. He had his feelings ridiculed, his allegiance twisted and doubted, his achievements derided. I loathe to put it this ... sentimentally, but he has had his heart broken. We nearly lost him because of it. It was a long, hard road to stabilise him. Over the past decade, he worked ceaselessly to distance and shield himself from such harmful interference. And then he met you.”
Casting a glance at Sherlock who was still watching Carl with an unforgiving expression, he frowned. “When did you find out all this?” he asked with genuine interest.
“Well, there would have been the shedding of all clothes to allow them to dry and the huddling together for the conservation of body heat and all that. Maybe there would even have been some sort of fireplace to camp in front of. The rest I’ll leave to your imagination.”
He shakes his head and sighs. “Even though you have been doing your own bit for the war effort at Bletchley, your work there must not be mentioned at all. Ever. For the general public, the codebreaking facilities at Bletchley Park do not exist. Hence, your contribution to the fight against Nazism won’t ever be known. People will wonder what your profession is. They will ask why you’re not wearing a uniform, how exactly you are helping our country. I’m still working on constructing a credible back-story, an explanation of what you have been doing these past two years while not serving at the front. I do not have to tell you, I think, that conducting a semi-public relationship with another man does not endear you to the public. Worse, it makes you vulnerable to their mistrust. What, do you believe, would a judge’s and jury’s reaction be to this kind of revelation?”
John wakes up with his mouth full of Sherlock’s t-shirt, his body spread over the other who is lying on his back and reading something on his phone. Sherlock smirks when John’s bleary gaze meets his, his face scrunching up in laugh-lines and a multitude of chins. “Interesting dream?” he asks with more mischief than John is ready for, having just woken up.
He glances at Sherlock with both confusion and admiration. Sherlock feels another stab of … something. People don’t look at him that way, normally. All right, they do in confusion, yes, which then quickly turns into annoyance and anger. But the other thing? Its novel. And good. He feels strangely buoyed by it. “Well, that’s where the genius part comes in,” he says, barely containing a smile.
John and he are led to Detective Inspector Lestrade’s office by a young constable. The station is busy despite obvious wartime shortages of staff and equipment. Furthermore, the building sustained bomb damage – Sherlock recalls reading about it in the papers back in May – and gives an impression of somewhat improvised but orderly chaos, much like Bletchley Park. Sherlock’s eyes roam over filing cabinets and stacks of files, posters with wanted offenders pinned to the walls, and several large maps of London and vicinity with markers for crimes stuck into them. He yearns to be allowed access to these cabinets, to have a look at the various cases, cold and recent, to offer his particular skills which he knows are sorely needed. But all in good time. For now, he
“Yes,” says Denniston somewhat gruffly, “we are aware of Mr. Holmes’ past occupation. I take it the two of you went to investigate the body?” He glances at Sherlock and John.
“So, she’s likely an art student who liked to sketch, came from somewhere in Europe and had veggie lunch at Borough Market,” summarised John. “So far, so good. But why was she killed, Sherlock, and how? If we assume it was indeed murder and she didn’t die of natural causes.”
“We need the transcripts from last Saturday,” says Sherlock. “August 30th. Preferably those from the day before as well.”
“Yes. I can walk on my own again, and my fine motor skills are improving. I’ve even done some rounds on a stationary bike. Felt odd at first, but it was good to be in the saddle again. The facility is very well equipped and the personnel are exceptional. I really can’t complain. Also ...,” he hesitates.
“Oh, really?” fell in Katie with a warm smile and a wink. “Must have mistaken the toothrottingly sweet display of affection on our way to the station for something else, then.”
“What? That she made enough money with the stories she sold to the tabloids to buy the cottage in Sussex?”
Stepping closer, his eyes large with utter shock, Sherlock sees even worse destruction. He gasps in horror. The trees. They are gone. Most of them, at least. Near the southern border of the henge, a few are left standing, like lonely sentinels watching over the chaos that is all which is left of the splendour of Chanctonbury Ring.
On his way he passed two empty ones, according to the name-plates the ones of Ælfgifu and her foal. Rædwald’s seemed to have been the last one in line at the other end of the stable where it was shut by another set of sliding doors. Not all names of the Punches seemed to follow the Old English pattern. John grinned when he read the others: there were Fred and George, Ronald, Molly and Ginny, and Pippilotta.
John sighed. “It’s alright. I should apologise, too, I guess. I wasn’t particularly helpful there, either. And I appreciate you’re making the effort to …well …”
Sherlock drew himself up. Even without the added dramatics of his coat he managed to look imperious, looming over the officer despite barely having an inch over him in height, and at least two stone less in weight. “That’s me. Good of you to come so soon, constable,” he said, sarcasm dripping from his voice.
“Do with this what you want. You can call Robert, tell him what I just told you. He’ll be delighted. He has been spying on me for some time. I don’t know who he is working for. Honestly, it seems to me that one branch of British Intelligence doesn’t know what the others are doing. So many agents wasted on Moran and myself .... Anyway, you can even inform the police, call in the dishy Detective Inspector from Scotland Yard. Perhaps that’d be for the best. I’m tired.”
“This sounds like something the Nac Mac Feegle would do. They do nasty things to people who dig into their mounds. I think they’re right. They should do that over here as well, have a person speak for the faeries. The Feegles have their toad who used to be a lawyer, and he advises them in legal matters.”
“I don’t like the idea of being touched by strangers or touching them in return. And I certainly don’t consider exchanging bodily fluids with anybody I don’t know well or particularly like desirable in any way, or ‘fun’, as you described it. On the contrary, the mere thought is both alarming and repulsive, and appears to be a complete waste of time and energy that could be spent far more profitably and enjoyably elsewhere.”
“Good. For now, I’d suggest we return to our room. The mosquitoes are out on the hunt. I’ve been bitten twice already.”
“Meaning you are stuck. I’m just your fetch and carry person and occasional sounding board. Ah, well, but if you’re not in case mode, I’m all for staying abed for a while, catching some extra sleep. One never knows when one is going to need it, with you and all your running about and the strange hours you keep.”
“Listen, that doesn’t mean it’s ever going to happen if you don’t want it either. You’re right, things are good the way they are now, and I wouldn’t want to risk what we’ve got for some brief pleasure, okay. You set the pace.”
John’s eyes narrow. “Yes, I can imagine,” he says, causing Sherlock to frown. What’s that supposed to mean? He is about to ask when John draws a deep breath. “Ah well, I don’t want to keep you here. Should try and fall asleep again, at least for a few hours. What time do we have to be at the Park?”
“Hope the breakfast tomorrow is going to be as good,” states John while spearing a large piece of fish with his fork.
John laughs softly. “Yeah, perhaps you should. One of my co-workers at the surgery told me a good one recently.”
His grandparents’ garden is beautiful all year round, but particularly in spring. Now in early April the grass is lush and green and dotted with lady’s smock and dandelions. The apple-trees are almost in flower, their white and pink buds about to open any day now. Bees are out and about, and butterflies. The tadpoles in the ditch behind the cottage have already grown little hindlegs. Sherlock wants to go and see them. He wants to run along the narrow, grassy path to the crumbling chalk-cliffs and climb down the steep wooden steps to the beach to hunt for seashells and fossils. But the weather has been cold and windy. Heavy clouds threatening rain are moving in from the sea, and so Sherlock has been confined to the garden with a strong warning not to leave. He has already found all the Easter eggs and chocolate bunnies his parents and grandparents have hidden, even the ones in the more challenging hiding places. He has been told to return to the house because of the worsening weather but managed to bribe Mycroft into letting him stay outside to play with Redbeard a little longer by giving him all of his Cadbury’s eggs.
Tiffany shakes her head. “I’d like to walk, I think. I’ll be grounded for the rest of the holidays after this, because of the letters and because of everything else. I might as well catch some fresh air now while I still can.”
John gives him another critical once over, brushes some debris off both their suits, then dives into what remains of the thicket. Walking cautiously, Sherlock follows, curious what he is about to see and feeling guilty for this curiosity.
Jennifer Wilson has already been approached by several officers who headed upstairs to secure the house. She still looks somewhat pale and shaken, but calmer now. Sherlock advises Lestrade to have his people search for Hope’s two pills that must lie somewhere on the floor or in the grate. They accompany Wilson outside where other officers are searching Hope’s taxi, unearthing a pink overnight case from the boot.
Sherlock scoffs at this, but cannot help joining in her smile. It seems he has underestimated Molly Hooper, has wrongly or at least incompletely deduced her in the past. Well, there is always something .… “Molly,” he therefore says, remaining stationary as she sets in motion.
He leans forward, lowering his voice. “According to what you told me about the owner, he must have still been in prison when I was deployed.”
While upstairs, he also looks for his small torch but can’t find it. Sherlock must have taken it, probably because conveniently, it was lying on the desk. Sherlock’s own is in the pocket of his Belstaff, but when John checks it, he notices it has run out of battery. He growls in frustration. He’s not aware of batteries in the house, and doesn’t feel like shopping for them as it’s very early and most shops will be closed still. In the end, driven by a strange urgency bordering on anxiety he decides to rely on his (fully charged) phone’s torch should the need arise. He really must leave now. It’s imperative. Donning his cycling helmet, he rushes downstairs again.
“Stay here,” says John. “I’ll intercept them and we can move to the larger table over there. It’s just been vacated and it has four chairs.” He gets up, but then stops and looks down at Sherlock. “Are we going to pretend to Wilcox we haven’t met her before? Will she play along, what do you think? Might not be too advantageous if he learns we’re investigating her because she’s somehow involved in a young woman’s death.”
A sound overhead announces a helicopter hovering over the injured champion, probably ordered to fall back to capture the dramatic turn of the stage. Wilkes is joined by a growing number of teammates who are assembling to form a train, riding at high speed while taking turns in the wind (as they would during a team time trial) and leading their fallen captain back into the peloton in their slipstream. A camera motorcycle is keeping up with them, filming close-ups of his battered state and grim face. Presently, the person on the back of the motorbike briefly exchanges the camera for a blackboard which states the relative time differences of the various groups. The main part of the peloton containing the other GC hopefuls as well as Sherlock, Kit and Victor Trevor is three minutes ahead, their lead on Wilkes increasing.
foot had remained attached to the pedal, he had fallen over in slow motion and ended up on the tarmac. He hadn’t hurt himself, only his pride. Thankfully, Sherlock had refrained from commenting. John wasn’t sure, but he assumed that during one of his solo rides Sherlock had suffered his own moment of awkwardness and public humiliation caused by the clip-less pedals.
“You won’t get into trouble for this,” fell in John, speaking quietly both in an attempt to ease them and not to aggravate the throbbing in his head. “We’ve enough evidence to convict all three men. Sherlock took photos and filmed them while they were excavating the barrow, and one of them attacked me, that’s why I fell off the horse. They won’t be able to harm you.”
John raised a stern eyebrow, causing Sherlock to laugh again. Sherlock gazed at him fondly, before his expression changed and his eyes narrowed. “You didn’t climax,” he stated, waving his hand in the vague direction of John’s groin. “Do you want me to reciprocate?”
Once again thank you to all the faithful readers of this story and your kudos, comments and encouragement, and to my wonderful beta rifleman_s and translator Lesli_rus – and last but not least to Ariane_deVere whose brilliant Sherlock transcripts helped a lot.
Sherlock stared at him, and then actually started to smile, his expression turning warm and gentle for a moment. “Yes, that was the plan. What does my doctor and blogger suggest to distract me, then?”
“Oh, come on, you revel in the fact you’re unique. The only one in the world.” He looks ahead, slowing the car for a cat as it crosses the road. “The boy who lived,” he adds softly, giving Sherlock a quick, furtive glance from the corner of his eye.
The pigeon-hunting catfish of the river Tarn are a real thing. If you’re curious, there are videos of them online. I watched a documentary on French/German TV-channel Arte where they were shown and was delighted because they’re only found in Albi. So of course I had to include them in this chapter.
He interrupts his speech when he sees her expression. She has pressed one of her hands to her mouth, and her eyes are wide in shock and grief. “Oh my God, the poor girl,” she rasps. “Dead? How? In the old quarry, you say? Oh, I always warned the girls not to take the path through it. They do nevertheless. It’s shorter than the road, you see, when they need to go into town. Sometimes men fish in the pit, and drink, and some time ago the old shed burned down, nobody knows why but there are rumours in the village about the culprit. Do you know what happened to poor Jenny? Oh dear Jesus, she was such a lovely girl. Always cheerful, always dressed up prettily.” She rummages in the pockets of her knit cardigan and produces a slightly grubby handkerchief to dab her eyes with.
“Jesus, really?” asks John, his eye wide. “You think Churchill sacrificed the city to keep all of this here secret? You knew about Coventry?”
“The room your friends the Naylands were busy in this afternoon,” asked Sherlock, letting his gaze sweep the kitchen, “what part of the farm can one overlook from there? It’s upstairs, I take it?”
John clears his throat. “Like Søren said to Mrs. H., I’m nowhere as good as your previous partner, but ... yeah. Wanna dance?”
“No, I don’t,” replies Sherlock, feeling slightly annoyed at himself for not having asked Molly before they set out. “I doubt it would be difficult to find out in a village as small as this, but I propose we return home to fetch her first and discuss further proceedings. I only hope that her landlady is not going to tidy up Jennifer’s room in the meantime.”
shoots through his mind, and he almost giggles with the pure ridiculousness of the situation. Next to him, Sherlock stands perfectly calm, barely breathing. But he, too, feels warmer than usual and has begun to sweat. And, John notices to his shock as he sways every so slightly against him, he sports the beginnings of an erection. The realisation courses through John like a hot wave.
“Yes, I daresay he would,” added Sherlock in a low voice. His eyes had never left John’s face and when John looked at him, he found them burning with rapt attention and appreciation. He swallowed and lowered his own gaze. There was a rustle of newspaper when Sherlock leaped up from his chair and rushed to John’s side, bending down to kiss his cheek.
“Sherlock,” Sherlock blurts out. It seems important, somehow, to settle this. “We’re rather informal here, as I’m sure you’ve noticed. Moreover it’s silly to use last names when we’re going to be sharing a bathroom.”
, with the finish and its large screens already in sight. John doesn’t know whose fault it is, he doesn’t even recall who exactly is riding behind him. But suddenly, his bike lurches when something touches the rear wheel, causing it to block for an instant. Despite trying to keep his bike steady, John swerves because of the impact, thereby riding too close to the Shad Sanderson man next to him and sending him crashing to the ground before he himself goes down. The next few seconds are a complete and utter nightmare. John barely feels when he hits the asphalt. He slides a few metres, to come to rest half on top of the Shad Sanderson man, and under another rider in neon green. His left shoulder, elbow and upper thigh suddenly hurt like absolute fucking hell. Something (a wheel?) crashes into his side, flies over him, before something else (elbow? knee?) hits him in the belly as apparently a rider rolls over him, his feet still attached to his pedals, meaning he takes his bike with him. There are cries, curses, crashing bicycles and bodies all around John and the tangle of limps and bicycle parts he is caught in. Instinctively, he tries to curl up as small as possible to prevent his arms and legs getting overrun, and to protect his face and chest area, grateful for his helmet (his sunglasses have somehow disappeared).
Her colleague nods and sighs. “I wish someone would buy us flowers now and again.” She bats her lashes at John.
Sherlock stirred. “For the moment, no. Make a list of everybody who, for one reason or other – and be it trifles –, may wish you ill, or has shown ill intent in the past. Old lovers, business competitors, nasty neighbours, university rivals, list them all. Katie mentioned there was some contention about the land you acquired recently. Who were the other interested parties, and are they interested still? Who are their friends and supporters? Who would benefit from scaring you away from here, or damaging your enterprise so severely that you would be forced to leave? I doubt there have been any outright threats, but is there anybody you can think of who displayed a negative attitude towards you, either publicly or behind your backs? Has there been any trolling on your blog, have your children been bullied at school? Look into all these things and write them down. If you can think of any particular persons, add their addresses if your can. I am confident that this is a local matter that can be resolved quickly and without too much fuss, but I need more information. When it’s light, John and I will have a closer look at your estate, and we will need to talk to a few of the locals as well, beginning with your friends the Naylands.”
John gazed at the dishevelled looking Tjálga. “Yeah, I think so. Better than walking, anyway. As long as we don’t ride faster than a walk.”
There is a pause. Then the chair moves again. The creature moves over to the sink. The tab runs, but the water doesn’t simply flow down, but splatters over something – hands, probably. Sherlock thinks he can see where they cup the water until it overflows.
In this fashion, they spend the rest of the afternoon. Jan seems happy to have an appreciative audience. Sherlock has the impression that he was feeling lonely, too – as lonely as one can feel with a splendid dog like Lightning at his side. Jan explains many things about his sheep and the whistled commands to Lightning. He also seems to know a lot about the local plants and their properties. To Sherlock’s delight, he has found a patch where some late wild strawberries grow, and they spend some time there threading the berries onto long stems of grass to take with them to their chosen lookout point at the southern edge of the ring of trees from where there’s a good view over the flock and the approaches to both sides.
He gazes in the general direction of their subtenant. “So ... uhm ... perhaps we should talk about this.” He makes a gesture that encompasses the flat, then seems to remember that the other can’t see him. “The flat, I mean. Our living arrangements. Because even though we’re ... not quite alive in the traditional sense anymore, this is still our home and we’d like to stay. Mrs. Hudson has apparently been living ... existing ... downstairs for more than a decade. What’s your name, anyway?”
“Yeah, it was scary for us riders and could have ended in serious accidents. But luckily, the horse gave up after a while and was caught by some gendarmes. While it was running with us, however, the creature looked as if it was having a lark and the time of its life.”
“Sherlock,” he gasps with a hint of warning when the addressed shifts a little closer and takes the head into his mouth, sucking slightly. The grip in his hair tightens. Sherlock bobs his head experimentally. John tenses even more, moaning now. Sherlock’s chin begins to hurt, some saliva is trickling down it and tickles on the skin. He reaches up to wipe it away. At some point, he remembers to breathe, and sucks some air into his nose. John chuckles breathlessly at this, his fingers caressing Sherlock’s scalp.
“Yes, you have. Unfortunately, you doctor is as almost as reckless and foolish as yourself. I’ll accompany you to the Windmill tonight, and I’ll hear no word against it. You need somebody responsible with you, otherwise there’s a good chance the bloody thing will burn to the ground as soon as you set foot in it. You’ll behave. No provocations, no sword-fights, no bloody duels. Otherwise you’ll spend the night in a cell next to Moran. Understood?”
For now, however, the small room appears to have acquired yet another function: that of a battle-field. As they approach slowly down the corridor, the raised voice of Irene Adler can be heard. She sounds annoyed. Her American accent is much stronger now that apparently she is not paying attention to it.
Because the train is quite full, the are forced to share their compartment with, as Sherlock informs John in a low voice when they are seated next to each other, two elderly ladies returning from visiting relatives in the country, their bags backed with groceries they were apparently given by their well-meaning family to alleviate the shortages of rationing. One used to be a cook, Sherlock can tell from her hands, and one has recently been widowed. Then there is a young man ready to enlist in the navy, and his friend, already a naval engineer, on his way back to Portsmouth, according to the ticket that is peeking out of his pocket. He is animatedly telling his friend about life in the navy. Sherlock casts a glance at John who is watching them with a wry smile, obviously both amused and irritated about their enthusiasm.
“Mycroft?” he asks, forcing his voice to sound calm. He is sure Mycroft is aware of his true state, though.
Sherlock decides he likes him immediately because of that. He seems to be an outsider, an outcast like himself.
Sherlock has approached his aunt and uncle’s house from the back, the way he escaped. He’s just passed the hedge of the neighbouring house that belongs to Ellie Cushiel who, according to everybody in the Warrington household is a bit crazy and really odd. Sherlock has always been curious as to whether it’s true. He’s only been to her house once to fetch something, and found it fascinating, particularly her stuffed dog. Now, Ellie, wearing a turqouise dressing gown over what looks like her pyjamas, her feet in slippers and her aubergine-dyed hair in curlers under the hood of the gown, is peeking at him through the small gate in her hedge.
Sherlock recalls the character from his research session last night. “Yes, I know. I read up on your favourite author and his books earlier, and have just started with the first in the Nac Mac Feegle series.”
But at least he’s out and about. He glances over to his cousins’ house. His parents have gone inside. Upstairs in Daniel’s room, he sees a curtain twitch. Someone has spotted him. He thinks for a moment. If he goes inside now, chances are that he won’t manage to leave again. Even though his parents are there, they don’t usually interfere with the children playing, and so won’t realise if their youngest ends up spending the afternoon locked inside a wardrobe or the sea chest. No, Sherlock feels he must seize his chance at freedom now.
Sherlock scoffs, rolling his eyes. “Of course not. Not my area, remember. Women and sex and all that.”
“Should have gone to a GP,” commented John, watching Sherlock call Gregson in turn to milk him for more details of Sommersby’s apprehension. “He must have been aware of the police tracking him, especially because there was such a high chance that his two partners in crime would be recognised and caught, and that moreover they’d blab.”
Not fancying to cook or having to wait for takeaway, he grabbed two steak and ale pies, some bread (why was everything you bought nowadays either ‘artisan’ or ‘award winning’?) and a bag of pre-cut salad before heading to the confectionary section. After some walking up and down staring at chocolaty sweets from all over the world (some both artisan
“You’re enjoying this, aren’t you? This is another of your puzzles, only that this time it doesn’t just involve codes and cyphers.”
“Quite so,” replies Sherlock, plastering his most pleasant and slightly insipid smile onto his face because it usually causes people warm to him quickly. It makes him look rather stupid, too, but that appears to be part of its appeal.
At her dejected tone, Sherlock feels strangely compelled to look up from his perusal of Jenny’s underwear drawer, a mixture of lacy, rather fancy and expensive lingerie and sensible cotton bras and knickers, warm and thick and suitable for bicycle rides during autumn and winter, and long shifts in underheated huts and filing rooms at the Park.
“They must have been back home the next day,” says Miranda, “because they had friends from London over – who promptly crashed their car on their drive back the following night. The road in the Dingle is single-track and sometimes gets flooded when there’s a lot of rain. There are no winter services, either.”
“Yeah,” he admitted, “something more like a landrover or a pickup, given your profession and the fact you travel round rough farmyards a lot. How do you fit all your equipment in here?”
“Yes. Mrs. Matthews’ mother, Mrs. Stiles, is looking after her. We are still waiting for the doctor to come, both to look after the injured woman, and to have a look at the body. Dr. Jones, the local physician, is currently assisting with a childbirth, as far as we know. The woman was pretty roughed up by the accident, but assured us that she can wait until the doctor can come. She is resting now, and Mrs. Stiles has cleaned her worst scrapes and what not. We have her statement. Despite her state, she was very eager to give it, particularly after what happened to her pursuer. She said the man, whom she named as one ‘Dick’ – probably Richard – forced her to join him in the car against her will. They had an argument on the road which made him overreact and crash the car. Her name is—”
He gave Sherlock a sly smile. “You know, it wouldn’t hurt if from time to time you admitted that you simply enjoy my company.”
“God, yes,” sighed John. “It’s just ...,” he swallowed, “it’s just been a while, and I’ve been imagining this or similar activities for quite some time.”
Still, seeing John would mean yet more information to sort and store away. Sherlock is overwhelmed as it is. Besides, to achieve visuals they would have to switch on the light again, which in turn would mean that John would see Sherlock, too. Sherlock isn’t sure how to feel about that. He is still worried about embarrassing himself. He’s probably presenting himself as a complete fool as it is. It’d be easier with the darkness hiding any weird contorted expressions he might make, in case he loses control of his facial facilities as well as his mental ones. That last point still scares Sherlock. He trusts John. He’d never mock him, only laugh with him but not about him with malicious intent. And yet, the thought of surrendering completely to emotion and base bodily functions in the presence of another human being is ... daunting.
“It’s ... interesting. Makes you look daring. Not that you need extra help with that.” Sherlock wants to kiss him rather badly, but remembering that they are standing in the middle of the pavement, he resists.
Even over dinner, John doesn’t speak much, sitting opposite Sherlock and picking at his food in a way that belies his previous claims of being famished. Sherlock ends up eating almost twice as much as John, which is a strange reversal of their usual habits and slightly worrying. A few times, Sherlock utters encouragements, trying to entice John to eat, but to little avail.
Sherlock sniffs with mock superiority and pulls down his rumbled waistcoat. “Of course I have trouble walking. My leg is injured.”
The fourteenth stage of the 2018 Tour de France dawns bright and warm. John wakes to the high-pitched cries of swifts and spends a moment watching them. To his surprise, Sherlock joins him at the open window, toothbrush in his mouth. John smiles to himself when he notices the state of his hair. He loves that Sherlock, who appears to use his usually perfectly groomed exterior (unless he is cycling) as a wall against the outside world, seems to have no problems with John seeing him in this unpolished – and very human – state.
They gaze at each other, grinning. John is suddenly aware of their proximity, of the warmth radiating from Sherlock, of his scent, of the faint pillow-imprint on his left cheek, the laugh-lines on his face that see use far too seldom. John notices the faint blush that steals over Sherlock’s cheeks and wanders down to his chest, the pulse visible in his long neck, the way his pupils have dilated. John, too, feels light-headed and giddy, his heart beating wildly in his chest. To his mortification, said heart is happily pumping blood southwards. Warmth is pooling in his groin.
Another gust of wind tears at him, chilling him to his bones. He shivers, his teeth clattering as he tries to calm his breathing which has become elevated. He is almost panting, the wind making it difficult to breathe. His heart is racing. His body is swimming in adrenaline, despite the cold he has begun to sweat. He recognises the signs.
John licks his lips again. The pulse in Sherlock’s long neck is racing. He shifts his head slightly, exposing the neck even more. His lips part ever so slightly. Sherlock’s tongue dips out to wet them. John takes it as an invitation. Reaching up, he hooks two fingers into the collar of The Shirt That Should Be Forbidden and pulls it down to have better access to the sugar-stained skin where fine, downy hairs are sticking together. Drawing a last, fortifying breath, John leans in and touches his tongue to the skin.
Mike gives John a meaningful glance, waves to him encouragingly and leaves the room. John deposits his bag, helmet, jacket and sunglasses on the bed not occupied by Sherlock’s bag and violin case. He casts a thoughtful glance at his roommate who hasn’t stirred, but hasn’t relaxed, either. John walks over to the open window and draws a deep breath. It faces westwards, overlooking dark firs climbing the slope the hotel is built into. Behind the trees are meadows dotted with grazing cattle and some scattered houses, mountains towering over them. A squirrel is busy harvesting fir cones. John watches it for a moment, breathing in the scent of fir resin and Sherlock, offset by his own smell of sweat and the deer tallow creme he uses to prepare his cycling shorts against chafing.
“You’re welcome, Barbara. Will you be getting back home all right? The wind has picked up again, but at least the rain seems to have stopped for now.”
John quickly shakes his head. “No. It’s not healthy. For you, I mean. I always wondered if you really were happy the way you chose to be – with regards to other people, I mean.”
Mr. Chandler squares his shoulders as he looks John up and down. John returns his gaze steadily and even raises one eyebrow as if in challenge. Sherlock hides a smile. This is John in full captain mode, and it’s marvellous to behold.
Sherlock has never experienced Daniel being so vile before. Even Christopher seems surprised and even slightly upset, judging from the nervous look he gives his brother and the way he bites his lower lip. Apparently Daniel is really angry about his shoes, or else he is trying to prove something to the other boys, particularly Tom whom he seems eager to impress.
Sherlock must have tensed slightly, because John adds quickly, “But no pressure, of course. Given how tired I am, I’ll probably fall asleep right away when I lie down somewhere. Also ... it has been a long time, hasn’t it?”
John is tempted to enquire what he’s being thanked for, but somehow, he feels it doesn’t matter. It could be for not prying further tonight, for helping Sherlock after today’s stage.
“Your shift starts in half an hour, you should be on your way to the Park. In fact you were, but something happened to make you come here instead.” He studies her appearance again. “Something unusual and potentially worrying befell at your accommodation that caused you to lose sleep last night.”
All three fall into thoughtful silence while listening to the remainder of the song. Sherlock catches John stealing glances at him from the corner of his eyes, which does funny things to his insides but leaves him clueless as to why he does it. Is he waiting for cues by gauging Sherlock’s behaviour? Or does he simply enjoy looking at him. Sadly, Sherlock can’t devote as much time as he would like watching John in return because he has to keep his eyes on the mysterious, chain-smoking hat-man instead. He has switched from Gin and Tonic to Whisky now, and judging from his dark expression, his mood has dropped as his level of blood alcohol has risen. He seems mightily put out about something, and impatient to be gone. He does not give the impression like he is enjoying either the music or singing in the slightest, while still eyeing The Woman as if she is his possession, and a highly priced one, too.
Sherlock’s eyes narrow in mock offense, but he looks mollified and indeed, if John reads his expression right, relieved. Relieved that this new level of sudden intimacy won’t be an issue, that they can still joke and laugh about it. That whatever happened during John’s hand-rub won’t affect their friendship. That they’re fine and will continue to be fine without an added layer of awkwardness to each of their interactions. And John ... well, he would be lying if he didn’t look forward to the two nights he’s going to share this room and this bed with Sherlock. Despite being tempted, he vows not to hit on him. Not too obviously, at least. A little flirting won’t hurt, particularly because whatever Sherlock is doing in return, it’s not far removed from flirting, either.
Sherlock glares at him. “Of course I know,” he snaps. “It’s still embarrassing. I wish I wasn’t enslaved to hormones like everybody else.”
“Ah, but that would mean for Mycroft to move from his club. It’s more convenient for him to abduct us. Look at this as a chase of sorts, only with roles reversed for once. Should be fun. Don’t you enjoy exercise?”
Sherlock rose and nodded towards the stable door, where two small figures dressed in too large jackets over their pyjamas had appeared, one holding the hand of the other, with the smaller clutching a donkey pillow for additional support. John surmised those were the Miller children.
Falling in step with Sherlock after the distraught horse breeders, John slightly shook his head. “Never able to resist a touch of drama, are you?” he muttered, a tad reproachfully.
Sherlock laughs brightly. “Your face right now. Priceless. Pull your mind out of the gutter, John. It was real, actual shelves I helped him build. Not IKEA, some other company’s. Some parts were rather tricky and required two people, as this manual here suggests, too. See? No need to worry about my virtue, or what’s left of it.”
“I’d like to watch some recordings of the other teams’ press conferences online. I’d also like to do some more research on Magnussen, his delivery, and the man who brought the bag. I’m still not entirely sure who he was but have forwarded the footage to Mycroft. Hopefully, his minions have produced some results by now.”
John has stepped over to one of the windows and drawn back the curtain. Light floods the rather dingy room with its dark, Victorian wallpaper and the long rows of bookshelves lining the walls. Sherlock doesn’t possess much in terms of furniture. There is the desk, a sofa that was already in the room when he rented it, an armchair in front of the old fireplace. The walls are either covered with maps or prints depicting details of animals or plants, or hidden behind bookshelves. Many more books, newspapers and periodicals are stacked haphazardly throughout the room in leaning piles. A large folder with sheet music for solo violin lies next to the window on a rickety side table. There are other odd bits and pieces peeking from shelves or sitting on the desk, such as a collection of bullets, framed and labelled, some fossils, a flat wooden box containing the samples of London’s soils which Sherlock needed for his monograph, another box with samples of tobacco ash he’s always meant to write an article about. On the dusty mantelpiece sits the Persian slipper he used to keep his cigarettes in when he still smoked. There is also a knife holding some old letters in place. Next to the mantel, high up on the shelf lives another box he hasn’t touched in a long while. It contains a syringe and a small vial with a seven per cent solution of cocaine. Interestingly, he hasn’t thought of that box ever since he began working at Bletchley. Apparently being forced to rack his brain about codes and cyphers day in day out is the best antidote for addiction that he has encountered so far.
John and Larry, they have seen it all. The doping scandals of the early noughties that claimed many of the big names, the coming and going of teams and sponsors, the changing perception of professional road cycling in the press and in public opinion. Now with the constant rise of e-bikes, John sometimes wonders whether the days of human-power bicycles aren’t numbered anyway. Even now there are rumours of tiny motors hidden in the slender frames of road bikes, there to provide the critical boost during a climb or sprint. Of course, controls are tight, as they are for illicit substances, blood doping, you name it. John can proudly claim he’s never used any of them. Riding clean has always been his motto. Even when team doctors almost routinely administered doping as part of medication to treat injuries or aid recovery, John always remained critical of what he was given or told to take, and more often than not refused. It has served him well. His reputation is untainted, and he is generally well-liked and trusted in the world of professional road cycling.
“Despite Victor’s alcohol-induced cheeriness there appeared to remain some underlying stress or even sadness. More than once I caught him stealing glances at me, quickly looking away again when I caught him staring. I recalled that there had been instances during which he’d acted similarly. I’d never put much store to them, although at times they had dealt me a slight stab in the stomach area. That evening I felt the same, but I put it down to the wine since I rarely drank alcohol and wasn’t as immune to its effects as many of my peers.”
“Quite, yes, by more than three minutes. He was lucky that he only got caught in the rain on the last stretch. The others who started later aren’t so lucky. Are you cold? Wanna change? Or do you need the stationary bike to cool down. We’ve set up everything in the tent to watch the stage on our tablets. Right now, Kit and Lachapelle are battling out who’s gonna wear the white jersey tonight. Kit left the ramp right after Lachapelle and hopes to catch him, although I doubt he will as they started three minutes apart. The first split time showed that although Kit managed to win about twenty seconds on the Frenchie, Lachapelle is really trying to hang on to that jersey.”
John studies him, his expression sobering. A slight, lopsided smile remains, however. “Yeah, I think I get it.”
Mrs. Flint looks relieved. “Thank you, sir. Ring the bell if you need anything.” She curtsies and leaves, closing the door behind her.
Sherlock stares at him, blood shooting into his cheeks as well. Is he really this obvious? He swallows and averts his face, pretending to inspect the towel and trying to come up with some witty repartee to at least save some of his dignity. “Well, I have already seen you in your pyjamas, remember?” he manages. “Or do you intend to sleep naked tonight?”
Katie scoffed. “Not likely. The damage is far greater than the benefit, which isn’t even assured in cases like this.” She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear. “Listen, Sherlock – Sherlock is okay, isn’t it? Mr. Holmes sounds so formal.”
According to Sally, John’s split time is more than respectable. “You’re doing brilliantly, John. You’re in eleventh place right now. That’s remarkable. Don’t overdo it on the last stretch, though. Your heart-rate is almost at its peak.”
“The ferocity of Wiggins’ exchange with Moriarty is not simply motivated by his disappointment about team tactics,” muses Sherlock. “Something else is going on there. It’s personal. I couldn’t find any interviews Wiggins gave after today’s stage. Even yesterday, after the won the jersey, he barely spoke with the press. Nobody from his team mentioned his sacrifice, commended him for it, as would have been expected. Social media is suspiciously silent, too. The fans of Team Brook Consulting are gushing about Moriarty and Moran, as usual. The rest of the team go unmentioned.”
John, home for Christmas (and hopefully forever). Sherlock’s heart gives a pang. How did he manage to get so lucky?
“We should have a word with the boss to have proper lighting installed here if he wants us to use to space more often. It’s a bloody nightmare without.”
John watches him for a moment, shaking his head, a grin tugging at the corners of his mouth. “I’m turning in. You gonna take long there?”
There is a brief flash of white when John’s teeth catch the moonlight as he smiles. “Oh, good,” he replies, making his way over to Sherlock. “I wasn’t sure where you’d gone. You’d suddenly vanished.”
“Most professional cyclists shave their legs. Helps with the treatment of injuries after a crash, and also makes it more comfortable for them to receive massages.”
recapping what happened that day (it’s a bit spoilery, so you might want to watch it after reading the chapter).
Hattie yawns, then licks his hand. “What kind of an answer is that?” complains Sherlock, and then he grins because he notices he is being ridiculous, silly. The things thinking of John does to him ...
She blushes slightly and nods, before snatching her handbag and hat and making for the door. Lestrade empties his glass. “We should leave as well. You can tell me about the letters in the car.”
Sherlock jerks his chin up haughtily. “Or what? Are you going to arrest John if he doesn’t comply, Stevenson? And me, too?”
“It’s serious. Not just some wartime fling. And I want to get this right. My track record with relationships, the one with Mary aside, perhaps, is pretty rotten. I don’t want to disappoint you, or spook you, or make you do something you might regret later. So ...” He waves his hands in a helpless gesture.
With the party slowly wrapping up – partly because of the unwelcome little vampires, but also to not disturb other residents of the hotel, and for the riders to get enough sleep – John invites Sherlock for a short stroll to see the illuminated bridge. Sherlock agrees, returns the violin to their room and joins John. They wander along the river path. Next to them, the water rushes peacefully over several weirs. Somewhere in the woods beyond the river, an owl is hooting. The first stars are out. It’s incredibly romantic.
Sherlock huffs. “Well, John, if you think this is all child’s play, why don’t you accompany me in the future? I could use a partner, anyway.”
Sherlock raised his head, his expression grave. He swallowed slightly while Mr. Holmes held his gaze steadily. “What is it? Cancer?”
“Brilliant ride, Sherlock,” enthuses Mike while rubbing him down. “You and Trevor completely blew away the others. Even Wilkes won’t manage to get close. Unless something weird happens to those still on the road, you’ll have risen to fifth position overall. Wow.”
John grins at Sherlock, who, to his surprise, smiles back. Never a moment of privacy, that’s the Tour de France as well. Obediently, they wave for Hopkins to take over and fall into line, but they don’t pick up their conversation again. Sherlock apparently remembers that he should eat something now and again, and John empties another water bottle, gratefully accepting a new one from Gregson who apparently still has plenty of spare ones tucked inside his jersey.
Again thanks a lot for the feedback on the last chapter, and for your patience. RL doesn’t leave me a lot of time for writing at the moment. I hope that this will improve come May. This chapter contains some bullying by the tabloids. Not sure if this needs a warning, but ... yeah, consider yourselves warned.
He gazes from Sherlock to John and back, looking troubled of a sudden. Scooting closer to the table and partly leaning over it, he says, his voice low, “Listen, there’s something you should be aware of.”
Victor glares at him. “I don’t have any ‘dirt under the carpet’, as you call it,” he returns defensively. “I told you, I’m clean. If they tried to brand me as a doper, I could prove they’re lying. And Claire ... I trust her, and she trusts me.”
The man shook his head. He had lost all bravado and looked completely wretched. “No. They were dry. Otherwise the dark colour of the needles would have given them away more easily, and it would have been more difficult to ground them up. I got them from the heap of hedge clippings behind the pig sty.”
to Baker Street. Sherlock watches him from the corners of his eyes as he types into the old-fashioned phone John has lent him. It doesn’t have a proper touch-screen keyboard yet. He knows that in his jacket pocket, his own Blackberry sits. With a flash of panic, he realises he isn’t sure whether he remembers the code to unlock it or his PIN.
“I was talking about what happened in the yellow Lamborghini,” says Mycroft, an odd edge to his voice.
Sherlock assured her that she was going to get her chance. They parted exchanging contact details, and then they were on their way to Woodbridge. Katie dropped them off at the station. Both she and Emma hugged John and a surprised Sherlock firmly and thanked them effusively. “You’re always welcome to stay over should you need a rural break from the big city,” said Katie.
John seems to understand. He moves his hand to his own knee. Sherlock lets out a long breath while perusing the last pages of the file. They give insight into Moran’s war efforts. He served in various locations before the war and during, and received his ‘Blighty’, the injury that sent him home, during the ill-fated evacuation from Dunkirk when his arm was hit by a sniper’s bullet. Ever since his recovery, he has been working for the War Office in a minor capacity, apparently not too eager to return to the front but rather enjoying the London nightlife. The file contains no mention of his amorous affairs. Sherlock surmises there have been plenty, though, apart from Jenny and The Woman.
Sherlock disconnects the call before asking to be connected to Detective Inspector Lestrade at Scotland Yard. “Mr. Lestrade is currently unavailable, sir,” the desk sergeant tells him. “Would you like to leave a message?”
“Boys, if you have so much breath left for chatting about bears,” says Sally’s amused voice, “how about upping the tempo a little bit so as not to let the breakaways gain too much of a lead? It’s almost eight minutes by now, and the other teams sit on their arses eyeing one another, but none actually making a move. Make sure you’re at the head of the peloton on the first three descents. The roads are slick and dangerous, and there’s a bit of mist up there. Be careful.”
be great. And the fact that Sherlock wants him to tag along, that he trusts him enough to confide in him ... it’s hugely flattering.
John caught Katie’s expression in the rear mirror. She was rolling her eyes while at the same time smiling wistfully and a little sadly, and John wondered if she was thinking of her deceased husband.
John saw how Sherlock sat up straighter, his slightly bored and impatient expression suddenly alert.
“Sherlock?” whispers John, his voice small and hoarse and sounding totally unlike himself. He is frightened out of his wits, too, it seems.
“We should head back to the hotel,” says Sherlock, interrupting John’s thoughts. “It’s getting dark, and I have to do some research still.”
“We will,” promises John, smiling. The more he thinks about Sherlock’s crazy venture, the more excited he gets. He winks at Soo Lin. “Q.”
to be fast, Victor. You should try it. It really helps. Also, even if I were taking anything, you’d be the last person I’d tell. You do remember what happened the last time, don’t you?”
“At eight,” replies Sherlock, not wanting him to leave. “Do you ... er ... need some water, or tea?” he then enquires awkwardly, recalling how hoarse John’s voice still sounds.
“How about I give you a lift to the Opera House? You can take a table there and rest for a bit before Adler and her beau show up,” suggests Lestrade. “It’s a nice place. Quite busy and loud, but if you don’t mind that and get a seat on one of the balconies away from the dance-floor, it’s pretty good”.
He grins, pointing at Bernard and Lachapelle and their teammates who have started an almighty water battle in the pool. “Were we ever that young?” Hofmann asks John, who smiles. “I think I celebrated my first stage win during a Tour de France quite vigorously, too.”
“A lot is odd about what’s been happening here,” says John. “Has anything like it ever occurred here before?”
John licks his lips. “To be honest, I have no idea. Had you just been out on the corridor ... well, there’d been a possible explanation.”
Again thanks a lot for the warm reception this fic has got so far. Here’s the final chapter now. Once again a big thank you to rifleman_s for betaing.
When the movement of their lips has slowed to almost standstill, Sherlock breaks the kiss, pecks John on the nose, and kisses both his closed eyelids. John knows he shouldn’t be surprised by the tender playfulness anymore. This is Sherlock at his most natural and unguarded, his most genuine. Nevertheless, John feels his heart swell at the affectionate touch.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “If they were smart, they didn’t dispose of it in the vicinity but took it with them.”
Sherlock nods glumly. “Yes, doctor.” He feared as much when he heard about the scaphoid fracture. Apart from the inconvenience of not being able to use his dominant hand for everyday tasks, he knows that he’s going to miss playing the violin most of all.
The knock was repeated, louder now and with some urgency. “Sounds like Mrs. Hudson,” mused Sherlock, sitting up in bed. Even though he still looked quite dishevelled, his appearance bearing obviously traces of their recent love-making, his entire stance had changed from the soft, cuddly lover to the alert detective.
Tiffany is sitting with her nose in a book. Her hair has been cut even shorter, the rough fringe and edges straightened, probably by Vanessa herself. Tiffany is still a little pale and she seems to have caught a cold because her nose is red. But she looks fairly content, engrossed in her book. Sherlock catches a glimpse of the cover:
“And then I got shot and sent home, and he was involved in that ugly business with the recruits, and we lost touch, and ... I was quite surprised when he actually showed up at my wedding. But I could tell he wasn’t happy – I mean of course he wasn’t, having been stabbed and everything. But I think he was sad having to watch me marry someone else.”
“Wow, that bloke really is vain, isn’t he?” remarks John. “He has about twice the amount of hair products than even you.”
“His problem, mate, not yours,” returns John, surprising himself with how sharp his words sound. “Listen, it’s perfectly fine to not want sex, and he should have accepted and respected this, instead of having a hissy fit that mutated into a bullying campaign against you just because you slapped his hand when he stuck it down your trousers.” John is getting angry now.
Taking his tea, he withdrew from the table to stalk over to the window, where immediately Edmund latched onto him and began to question him mercilessly about his work as a detective, which seemed to fascinate him even more than the two uniformed constables. Lucy, Emma, Kim and Anne seemed more taken with Liz, who at their bidding had unpacked her rucksack, unrolled her toolkit and was patiently explaining the various brushes and their uses to the girls.
They were following a winding path through this meadow, John walking a few steps behind the other two and watching with some glee how the hem of Sherlock’s Belstaff picked up all kinds of seeds along the way. John stooped and took hold of it after Sherlock brushed past a faded fireweed and the rough tweed of his coat acquired a layer of downy fluff.
“Whether he wins this stage or not, it’s pretty clear that he and Trevor have truly distanced the other in the GC top ten. Even Wilkes is more than half a minute behind Trevor, and he’s the fastest of the bunch,” says Lyons. “Sherlock is going to move up a few ranks in the GC after this.”
It shouldn’t surprise him, though, how well he picked up the language. After all, this is going to be his sixteenth (and last) Tour de France. He has spent a lot of time in this country, not just during the biggest and most important (and arguably hardest) cycling race in the world, but also on a great number of smaller races. Ever since starting out as a professional road cyclist aged twenty-two, after having competed in amateur mountain-bike races since he was sixteen (cross-country and downhill), he missed only one Tour de France, back in 2010, when he’d crashed during Paris-Roubaix in the spring, shattering his collar-bone and damaging his shoulder so severely that he was in no shape to compete in any large stage race until the autumn. He rode a passable Vuelta then and managed to nick one stage win. Even now his left shoulder twinges now and again. The rest of his body seems more conscious of his age each passing year. He will turn forty in September. This makes him almost the oldest rider in the peloton apart from indestructible Larry Selden who rides for Team Baskerville now, and has about two months on John age-wise.
Sherlock nods, knowing he is referring to their trip down to Sussex to help find Tiffany, a trip which ultimately made them confess their feelings to each other and move their platonic relationship to whatever they have now. Walking around the bed, he hands John his tea which the other accepts with a warm smile while setting aside the envelope.
“Yes, I had to wash it. There was salt encrusted all along the straps. Hope you rinsed your gear as well.”
The other stares at him long enough for John to question whether he has heard or understood him. But then he inclines his head, grits his teeth against some invisible pain and grips his handlebars with renewed resolve.
To both sides of the path, Sherlock spots several butterflies he recognises: Small Tortoiseshells, Orange Tips, Painted Ladies, a Swallowtail. As excited as he is about the last one because they are rather rare, and this is only the second time he has seen one in the wild, he finds the Chalkhill Blues the most striking and appropriate for this kind of landscape. They look like little specks of blue sky come to earth as they are fluttering low over the green grass that’s not yet burned by the relentless summer sun. Where the sheep haven’t been for a while, flowers grow, harebells and yarrow, scabiouses and bird’s-foot trefoil, dodder-grass and sweet marjoram and thyme, and the green seed-pods of withered orchids. Sherlock wishes he’d brought his botany books. There are so many species here he doesn’t know, probably endemic to these chalky down-lands. He doesn’t even care whether they’re poisonous or not.
The low hum of a car sounded down on the street, followed by a series of loud bangs that made both men jump, John so badly that he spilled water all over his chest.
“It won’t happen again, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said evenly, his voice deliberately calm and deep, his eyes resting on John.
Sherlock feels a frisson of fear the next time Moran attacks with a clever riposte which Sherlock finds hard to parry. There is fierce determination behind the blows now. Finesse has been replaced by brute strength and dark cunning. This is no longer the gentle, orderly strictly regulated kind of fencing they both know from public school or university. This is duelling for real, with the aim of taking the opponent’s life, or at least severely wounding him.
Sherlock’s chest feels tights after the descriptions of what seems to have been a happy (if somewhat naughty) childhood. He imagines John as he must have been then: a short shock of blond, sun-bleached hair crowning a sun-tanned, tooth-gapped face grinning widely as they run from an orchard, pockets full of cherries, their knees skinned, and their fingers and noses dirty. This John still exists, Sherlock knows, somewhere inside the careworn doctor and soldier who has seen so much death and experienced heartbreak in so many forms. It shows when John is excited, when he senses adventure, when a boyish smile breaks through his lined face like sun through a bank of clouds. Sherlock loves this John dearly, and hopes to see him more often.
They fall silent until John alerts Sherlock to take a left turn in the village of Clyro. Shortly afterwards, they cross the river Wye in its deep bed bordered by dark, wind-swept trees, and drive into a festively lit and decorated Hay-on-Wye. Sherlock is mildly surprised by how small the town is. His parents’ accounts of the world-famous annual literary festival taking place here made him imagine it to be larger. But it looks to be no more than a few score houses occupying a hill overlooking the river, with the ruins of a medieval castle in their midst. Most buildings they pass appear to be either bookshops, vegan restaurants or shops catering to an alternative or mildly gentrified crowd.
“Yes,” breathes the boy, his eyes filling with tears. He scuffs at them angrily with his other hand, smearing mud over the bridge of his nose. John pulls a handkerchief out of his pocket.
Achterkamp shoots past John with Fantoft glued to his rear wheel. John tries to fall in line behind the God of Thunder, but the other two are too fast for him. Under the excited roar of a stadium filled with thousands of onlookers, on the huge screens suspended above the crowds, John watches how Fantoft and Achterkamp battle out the stage win between themselves. Fantoft remains victorious, outsprinting Achterkamp on the last few metres. John manages a respectable third, having to put in a bit of effort to avoid being swallowed up by the remainder of the breakaway. Already when Mike is dousing John with cool water behind the finish, it is announced that John is going to be awarded the red number for showing so much initiative and fighting spirit in the breakaway group – not too bad as a consolation prize.
At this, several heads go up from the various tables in the Crib Room. Sherlock sighs and after stretching and rolling his stiff shoulders, he gets to his feet.
No, he decides, he needs to stay here, as much as it riles him. And perhaps, he thinks with another rush of fey excitement, he can do even more. Straightening his shoulders, he briskly crosses the road and approaches the car, pretending to just have come from inside. Seb recognises him and rolls his eyes.
John rolls his eyes at the remark but grins. “With pleasure. What are you going to do? Search some more?”
“Now, the fact she bought an Oyster card suggests she is from out of town but intended to stay for several days, long enough to prefer the Oyster card to having to repeatedly buy a daily travelcard.
She sniffs again, looking at the remains of Spot, then nods, as if that’s an afterlife she wants for him. “Will you help me make a grave for him?”
“Will you?” asks Mycroft sharply, looking uncharacteristically worried. He places his cup and saucer on his desk, leaning forward in his chair. “Listen, Sherlock, I did not summon you here to interfere with your personal ... affiliations. In fact, believe it or not, I am pleased that apparently, you have found a friend at last – or more than a friend, even. Still, the situation is delicate, not just because of the prevailing laws in our country, but because the way you conduct yourself with Dr. Watson may have direct bearing on the situation with Lord Moran.”
“Sherlock, stop fretting,” John’s voice interrupts his racing thoughts. John’s hand snakes over Sherlock’s own, squeezing it reassuringly. “You just surprised me, that’s all. I ... I’d like that, too. If you’re sure.”
John nodded thoughtfully. “Perhaps it wasn’t anything material she carried in there, or with her. Or perhaps she was confused with somebody else?”
John lay down next to him, mirroring his position, their heads almost touching. “Memories?” he inquired, not knowing what Sherlock was talking about.
After Turing has left, the trio settles down on the lawn with John being annoyingly gentlemanly again and pulling off his sleeveless jumper to spread on the ground for Molly to sit on. Sherlock rolls his eyes at the gesture and at her shy smile and blush.
“Bullshit. You’re not a freak. It was the other kids’ loss that they couldn’t see your brilliance, mostly because they were conditioned by idiotic parents such as your aunt and uncle.”
“If all goes well, you’ll be having a whole pride of lions by the end of next week,” remarks John. Sherlock shrugs, running his hand over the lion’s furry mane absently.
He stepped aside again to let her, Peter, Kim and Emma who’d just loaded the Icelanders step into the bunker, before he and his companion followed suit.
The children exchanged a glance. “Are you policemen?” asked Edmund, his eyes narrowed as he studied the two, his gaze lingering on Sherlock’s Belstaff-enhanced figure. “You don’t look like policemen. Do you have a badge?”
“Yep. I do appreciate your offer, and I intend to take you up on it some other time, if you don’t mind. For now, I’m really happy and comfortable just like this.”
The last words were spoken in an excited rush. The man deposited the detector on the ground and rushed to the two others, equipping himself with a small brush and a torch from the toolkit. “Do you see the discolouration of this layer?” he asked, illuminating the ground with the lamp. “Give me the camera. This looks like traces of iron in the sand.”
To John’s disappointment, Sherlock has already left as well. Greg and Sally took him, Kit and Hopkins in their cars. Seated with the rest of the team in the Speedy’s coach, John watches a video summary of the stage. His accident and Sherlock’s ‘defect’ are shown, although their actual exchange via video and its significance are not mentioned. According to the official perception of the episode, Sherlock stopped because of some fault with his bike which was promptly repaired. Riding the CS Media train, he and Ricoletti managed to catch up with Moriarty’s group and stay with them up until the last kilometre of the climb when Moriarty tried to sprint away. His attack was countered by Wilkes so that ultimately, the entire group of favourites arrived in Loudenvielle more or less together, meaning the general classification and the distribution of all of the special jerseys stayed the same apart from the team classification, the lead of which passed on to Team Speedy’s. The stage was won by one of the breakaways, a German rider from Team Selters, who was also awarded the red number. Hopkins came a respectable third.
“Well, you’ve come to the right place, then, gents,” says one of the girls, smiling up at him and lifting the tray. Sherlock buys a packet of a mid-priced brand, which after a moment’s hesitation he dutifully hands over to John, who pockets it.
They gaze at each other, both hesitating, before Sherlock rolls his eyes, leans in and pecks John on the lips. “Away with you to clean up.”
“Good. Let’s catch Moriarty and that arsehole Moran. Greg just confirmed it was him who caused the crash – deliberately, it seems.”
“Was sent away to boarding school,” answered Sherlock with a shrug, before falling silent. John wondered whether he regretted dropping out. He vowed to take Sherlock dancing one of these days, preferably after a couple of private lessons in their flat. “You think you could teach me tango and all that stuff?” he enquired, and was touched to see Sherlock’s entire face light up like the sun.
He smiles at the women and clasps Sherlock’s shoulder, which earns him a surprised look from his companion. “Well, not sure about marriage, but chances are good we might actually move in together after this Tour. Sherlock has a spare room and invited me to become his flatmate. Guess we’re rehearsing the domesticity bit already.” He winks at the others as they exchange surprised glances.
Sherlock frowns. He must know toilet paper, right? Everybody knows that. But Jan touches it reverently and with the kind of wonder Sherlock recognises from himself whenever he finds new and fascinating things. “That’s toilet paper,” he explains. “You use it after ... you know ... you’ve been to the toilet."
Donovan gave him a sidelong glance, then shook her head slightly. “I told you once you should take up a hobby, remember? I didn’t intend for him to join in, though. But then you
Tiffany seems to have taken to John in particular, which touches Sherlock. Of course she would. People tend to like John. They only see his outer layer, of course, don’t know about the nightmares and anger issues, his bouts of depression and his reckless streak. Sherlock is aware of all of these, of John’s dark sides as well as the light, and he loves all of them. Something tingles in his stomach. He loves John, and John loves him back. Suddenly, he feels tempted to reach for his hand and squeeze it. He resists, not knowing whether it would be welcome. It’s one thing to kiss and cuddle in bed, but something else entirely to make their relationship public without John’s consent.
“And see it,” John continued. “Those dark clouds coming from the West don’t look too friendly. Guess we shouldn’t tarry here, although it’s a shame to leave again so soon. I like this place. Maybe because it looks both peaceful and adventurous.”
Sherlock huffed. He arranged himself more comfortably before beginning to study John keenly, his gaze sweeping over his body and particularly his face. John tried to ignore the close scrutiny and the slight discomfort it usually brought at the feeling of his innermost thoughts being read. He was used to it to some extent by now. Sherlock did it to him all the time and there were instances when John was even glad about it because it meant he didn’t have to talk about things. Sherlock simply deduced him and that was that. But there were limits to what even John was ready to divulge, despite Sherlock having stretched these considerably during their cohabitation and friendship.
He walks over to his bag and retrieves his laptop, then motions for John to join him on his bed. “There are some things I would like your opinion on pertaining to our investigation,” he explains as he powers up the computer.
Sherlock nudges back, laughing softly. High on hormones, he’s no longer frightened, but rather excited to solve the riddle. “Yes, let’s go and say hello.”
The evening turns out to be surprisingly enjoyable, not least because the two women occupying their beloved armchairs in front of the fireplace, which forces Sherlock and John to share the squishy sofa. It dips in the middle, and so Sherlock almost sits in John’s lap. Neither of them minds. The conversation is interesting, the Sherry quite nice (although Sherlock is more partial to the biscuits that are served as well), John’s warm leg and side are pressed against his and his scent is heavenly. Sherlock never socialised much with the elderly ladies, much to their chagrin and his own loss, it turns out. After John has entertained them with some stories of his naval adventures, Mrs. Hudson, after two generous glasses of Sherry, opens up about her past as an exotic dancer in one of her late husband’s nightclubs in Chicago.
But at least John reacts to his deduction in exactly the same way as Sherlock remembers from the original 29th January 2010. He shows astonishment, awe, a hint of irritation, no obvious anger or distrust which most others tend to display when confronted with having their secrets spilled out publicly. John stands his ground, weathers the deduction, slightly challenges Sherlock with pointed questions. Eight years ago, these sparked Sherlock’s fascination with this most unusual and utterly wonderful person. They impress him even today, despite having known John – or a version of him, at least – for eight years.
Sherlock smiled up at him. “I’m always interested in food. Particularly the stomach contents of murder victims. And it’s helpful to know which restaurant chef shops where, in case one finds unusual substances in guts of dead people who have previously dined at their establishments. Anyway, our body in question was hidden well enough to not be seen. Dimmock is investigating his neighbours at the market, however, and has been questioning everybody who usually has dealings with our dear deceased.”
It turned out Molly had indeed something for Sherlock, though not in a form either he or John had anticipated.
They didn’t manage to eat all the chips. The kebabs had been too large. John cleared away the remains of their meal and made two mugs of tea. When he returned to the living room, he expected Sherlock to have snatched up something to occupy him, either his phone, computer or violin. But Sherlock more lay than sat on the couch with his head resting back on the cushions and his hands folded on his belly. His eyes were closed and for a moment John thought he had fallen asleep. He himself was feeling distinctly full and a little drowsy, and he’d slept more than Sherlock the previous night. But when he approached Sherlock’s eyes slid open.
But come he does. Sherlock makes him text Jefferson Hope and shortly afterwards, they’re on their way to Angelo’s once again. John looks around the small restaurant as they take off their jacket and coat sit down at the window table.
John smirks at him. “I know, smartarse. I couldn’t think of another example of fast, arousing music, though. Just play something nice. ‘Greensleeves’, perhaps, if you can. I’ve always liked that one.”
“Do we actually have any kind of proof that Jenny knew The Woman personally, or are we working on the basis of assumptions only?”
John smiles. “Of course. Must have been nice to have your brilliance confirmed. Still, I am flattered that I made your very short watch-list, right behind your old pal Victor Trevor.”
For the first time during their conversation, her carefully maintained control and confidence slip. For a brief moment, she allows herself to look sad, vulnerable, even. Then the mask is back on.
Sherlock waves a hand. “People do little else,” he scoffs. “But in fact your offer is a tempting one.” He thinks for a moment. It actually seems the most expedient solution.
As before, the kiss starts gently, almost carefully. Sherlock can’t be certain, but he suspects John is proceeding so cautiously because of what he told him about his level of experience. The care and consideration are both touching and somewhat exasperating. He wants more now and time to deal with the onslaught of new information at the same time.
“You go ahead. I need to make a phone-call.” He makes a face as if this activity is one of his least favourite.
Mycroft sighs. “I have no idea what you might be on about, Sherlock. If you are referring to the recent ... consummation of your and Dr. Watson’s relationship, well, congratulations, if that’s what you’d like to hear. You know my general opinion about sentimental entanglements, and both of us are aware of the dangers of your particular one. But I do wish you two all the best.” He shifts in his seat to turn more fully towards Sherlock, studying him with a grave but not unfriendly expression. “In fact, I must admit I’ve rarely seen you so happy, not since you were a child. It’s almost ... touching.”
John bumps his shoulder lightly. “That’s high praise, mate,” he mutters. “Normally she only lets us riders touch the bikes when we’re actually sitting on them.”
John glares at him fiercely, but when Sherlock closes his eyes and hangs his head, he sighs. “I’ll see what I can do. Won’t make any promises, though. But God knows I’d prefer to have you home with me, too, you utterly daft wanker, you.”
“There is the possibility, yes. Of course there were a lot of people present at the hotel and its casino who would make profitable targets for an assassin. We are keeping tabs on more than half of the group in the photograph, men and women. The lady in the purple dress, for example, may look like your usual ornamental companion for a night out, but in reality she is an exceedingly clever – and ruthless – ex-BND agent turned arms dealer, who also runs a highly profitable model agency on the side. But there was no assassination or attempt thereof reported that night or the days following.”
By the time John had reached him, he was back on the level ground of the valley’s floor and had accelerated again. John was close enough to hear his heavy breathing and see the ruthless, determined light in his eyes. Reining Tjálga in a little to curb her enthusiasm, John steered her to the left of the vehicle to try and come next to the driver and to ... well, to do what, exactly? John hadn’t really though that far. In any decent action movie, the hero would now jump from his horse onto the quad and pluck the nasty villain from it with one fell swoop. For an adrenaline-driven, complete mindless instant this option actually seemed not only viable but the absolute best thing to do. But the very next second the decision whether to do something heroic but utterly stupid was taken out of John’s hands when the quad driver decided to fill the vacancy for acting like a total moron instead.
A thought seemed to strike him because his face took on a slightly alarmed expression. “You enjoyed it, too, didn’t you? I was trying to pay attention to your reaction, but I got distracted. I couldn’t think properly with all this sensory input. You,” and now he smiled, “you seriously messed up my hard drive, John Watson, and I’m not sure it has properly rebooted yet.”
“You kissed me in front of Kenworthy,” repeats John, “and you addressed me by my first name.” His voice is even, but gazing at him, Sherlock can see some underlying tension in his form. He recalls the event, and feels blood rush into his cheeks.
John swallows, staring at the ground where countless children’s feet have left a bare patch on the grass. “Yes, I do. Is it that obvious?”
“You went and bought new underwear just to impress me?” asked John, warmth spreading in his chest area and somewhat further down, although he tried to ignore the latter.
Sherlock shrugs. “In part, yes. She didn’t make it easy for them to approach her, perhaps to guard herself against further hurt. She could be callous and cruel, holding up a mirror to their faces and showing them things they preferred not to see. Of course that didn’t go down well with them.”
Even though the bushes surrounding it have grown, the pond itself hasn’t changed much. The reeds grow in different places now and the water level is a little higher. Sherlock wonders if the newt is still here, or rather its offspring many generations removed. How long do newts live, anyway, if they are lucky to live out their lives until they die naturally? He should look it up.
“Not at all.” John stretches leisurely, apparently not minding that his trousers and drawers are still pulled down. He casts a pointed glance at Sherlock’s crotch. “Um, Sherlock, anything you want me to do for you?”
Thanks a lot to everybody still interested in this story and who kept reading and commenting throughout the hiatus. And a special thanks once more to rifleman_s for excellent betaing services.
They reach the chartered ferry just in time. The large advertising caravan has already been shipped across on another boat, leaving this ferry for the teams’ buses and a host of team cars and other vehicles.
John claps his shoulder, hard enough for him to almost spill his beer. “Yes, there is. You described her as you would a suspect. Guess women really aren’t your area.”
Sally nods. “He’s a decent chap, Ricoletti. Did you know he donated all the prize money from some of the criteriums he won last year to support kids in Sicily to keep them away from organised crime? He does quite a lot of charity work, probably because he’s profited from it himself when he was starting out in cycling. On the other hand, Moriarty is a selfish arsehole who’s never done anything even remotely charitable in his life and who shouldn’t be in this sport at all. Or any sport.”
As they begin another witty routine while behind them, the stage decor is being changed again, Sherlock wonders whether the rest of the Fix-Its are staying in the pit for their break, or if they are simply playing along with the Windmill’s regular orchestra. He hasn’t seen any of them get up and leave, but then he didn’t pay attention to the musicians. A quick glance up at Wilcox’s box shows that it’s empty. Sherlock heaves himself to his feet, to tuts from the rows behind him.
John nods gravely, but grins all the same. “I can imagine,” he says. “Good thing you stopped smoking, though. It wouldn’t have done your lungs any favours – not that the air in those huts is very conductive to recovering from a respiratory disease.”
John sighs. He’s never said it out loud, not even to James. “Yes. Yes, there was attraction. We’d been friends for quite a while, teammates, roommates. But there was more. Yes, I fancied him, was infatuated with him, I guess. And James ... I think he felt the same. At some point, our friendship morphed into something else. And that’s when the problems began.”
John’s fingers have come to rest on Sherlock’s wrist, feeling for his pulse. “You came back,” he repeats softly.
Sherlock shook his head again, more definite this time. “Guess you don’t want to eat anything, either, even though I think you should,” went on John. Sherlock just continued to eye him warily, like a hunted creature huddled in its cave.
“It bloody is. Not sure I’d be any good at it, though. With a bloke, I mean. The ladies never complained when I went down on them. Anyway, I know what I like and could extrapolate from there. Guess I could try doing it to you. But it can be pretty overwhelming when you’re on the receiving end.”
The race, as expected, starts hard and fast. There is only a brief roll-in after the start in Mazamet before the riders have to tackle the first of three classified climbs. It’s a category two which brings them up wooded slopes to a plateau of mixed woodland and meadows called Côte de Saint-Sarraille, situated at over eight hundred metres of altitude. A small group of breakaways had tried their luck at escaping right at the start, but apart from reaping the mountain points they don’t achieve much. Some are caught again soon after the village of Les Martys where the mountain points are awarded, already before the riders leave the hills of the Haut Languedoc to descend to the plains around Carcassonne. The city famous for its intact medieval walls and battlements is already visible from the hills, surrounded by yellow and ochre fields contrasted by green vineyards and orchards intersected by the wood-lined banks marking the river Aude and the Canal du Midi. The further one’s gaze strays to the south, the more patches of dark woodland appear, tinted blue by the haze that lies over the plains. Beyond rise more hills, with the Pyrenees visible as a cloud-topped blue line on the horizon, still over a hundred kilometres away.
“How else how could you possibly know all that? The stuff about the Somme, and the Autochromes? I haven’t talked about that to anybody.”
John gazes at him and nods slowly, swallowing as well. The situation sounds painfully familiar. “Sorry to have put it so frankly.”
Jim takes a last, long drag on his cigarette and flicks it away over the wall. He nods. “Yes, yes, I’ll manage. The music will help me ... I think I’ll play something for Jenny. Will you keep me informed?”
. He stills the desire for having something in his mouth by keeping the pit of his last plum on his tongue and slowly shifting it from one cheek into the other, the hard surface rasping against his teeth.
The venue seems to be popular, and the band playing well known, judging from the excited murmurs of the newcomers and their eagerness to get inside, their giggles and laughter, and the swaying of hips and soft whistling or singing to the music. Sherlock joins the queue, digging in his trouser pocket for his ticket and rolling his eyes at the young man in front of him who somehow manages to snap his fingers completely out of rhythm with the beat of the music. Sherlock sighs. This is going to be a harrowing evening surrounded by idiots. At least the musicians seem to know what they’re doing, judging from what he can hear.
Sherlock nods. “Just ... memories.” He swallows, running a hand over his eyes and through his hair. Now that Tiffany is standing before him and he finds his suspicions concerning the mysterious boy Ellie saw confirmed. He is caught between gratification about his deduction having been right and a strange sense of disappointment. The description the old woman gave ... it sounded so achingly familiar.
“What Mycroft wants so desperately,” Sherlock began in a low voice, barely audible against the background murmur of London, “is persuade me to go and talk to our parents.”
. The other one is fancier and less geared towards regular and speedy rides over rough country roads. Sherlock surmises it also belongs to a dispatch rider, but of a more exalted kind. Someone from London, even Whitehall, perhaps. And as for the car, a black Humber Pullman, it has ‘official visit’ written all over it in its utilitarian, understated style but rather impressive size. Not the latest model, but one known for its reliability and class. Interestingly, it’s also no longer available to buy for the public. For a brief moment Sherlock fears that his brother may have turned up for a visit, but then Mycroft usually gets carted around in a Rolls-Royce Phantom III.
Victor looks down at him, frowning. “That would be appreciated – although he’ll probably tell you whatever we discussed, anyway, as inseparable as the two of you have become in such a short time.”
“Let me,” he says, reaching out to undo the rest of John’s buttons and stripping the shirt off his shoulders. The vest underneath is soaked on the right side. John has balled up his tie and stuffed it under one of the straps. The wound has bled more profusely than was visible from the outside. Sherlock
Sherlock smirked. “There’s hope for your avid readership, then. I’m sure the literary quality of your blog will greatly improve after this experience.”
“It isn’t a copy, John,” says Sherlock, talking quickly and waving the document in John’s face. “Although I hazard it’s the same or at least a very similar message. Look at the time it was intercepted. That’s only a short while after the other. And it also went from Athens to Vienna, from the very same source. And look at this: a brief intercept from the same source noted down by a radio operator here at Ivy Farm, this time in Morse, so it seems to have been urgent and the original source didn’t want to be bothered with using a complicated cypher and encoding technique. The time indicates it was transmitted in between the two messages.”
Moriarty counters the attack. Baskerville, who so far has simply tried to hang on and not get distanced by the other GC contenders, sticks with him, as does Ricoletti, still accompanied by his
, obviously,” he says quickly. “Perhaps not for a long while. I ... I’m not quite sure yet what I’ll be comfortable with. But I’d like to try. With you. If you’re willing.”
On their way back towards the South Downs Way, suddenly John stops. Sherlock feels him tense. He gazes around intently until his eyes focus on the hedges surrounding the Dew Pond.
expression. All signs of attraction must be there for the world’s most observant man to see, blatantly obvious. And for once, John doesn’t mind.
“You know where she was working and what exactly she was doing at the ... radio factory, don’t you? Her real job.”
Sherlock empties his cup. “I will. Thanks for the tea.” He feels strangely reluctant to terminate their nighttime meeting. The tea was good, and the conversation anything but boring. But then John isn’t about to leave the next day, so there might be a chance for a repeat.
Molly shakes her head. “I’ve seen her around, at the canteen and in town. I think she sings in the choir. She’s Irish, as far as I know, and shares a billet with Deirdre, who works at Jenny’s station. Brenda ... something, I think that’s her name. That’s about all I know.”
“So ...,” says John slowly, “you think that ... what? A horde of wild animals ransacks cars and properties at night? Like ... I don’t know ... the Wild Hunt?”
John curses softly. “There’s a Swiss army knife in my bag. It has a pair of tweezers. Try to get all of it out, okay? I’d rather not have an infection in that spot.”
Sherlock smiles softly. “Actually, that was a guess, but based on how you described her. She seems to support your mother’s decision, so I surmised that she might be supportive of women’s general right to choose their own destiny. Hence my deduction that she might have been active in the suffragette movement, and seeming a passionate and somewhat meddlesome person, I would not put it beyond her to have been one of the women who went on hunger-strike while imprisoned and had to be force-fed.”
Team Speedy’s arrive early in the picturesque town of Semur which is dominated by the gothic collegiate church Notre-Dame, mostly intact ramparts and city wall, and a citadel with four round, red-roofed towers. The peloton is set to depart on the large square in front of the impressive western portal of the church. To reach the old part of the town, their coach crosses the Pont de Joly, a large bridge that grands a spectacular view of the town’s most striking features. Several of the riders get up to take photos out of the windows. John stays seated. He thinks he has been here before, but he’d have to look up old Tour de France itineraries to make sure. The many French towns and cities he has been to over the years tend to blend into each other in his recollections, some particularly memorable places aside.
“Always remember, Sherlock,” John murmured, pleased to see his companion swallow, “two can play this teasing game as well as one.”
“Yes. He had to disappear quickly,” explained Sherlock, astonished as so often that all these details obvious to him weren’t to other people. He glanced at John who gazed at him with admiration, and felt his heart leap and warmth spread through him. Oh, how he missed this. The companionship, the approving (and sometimes definitely heated) glances, the flutter in his belly at the slightest of touches, the sweet distraction of John licking his lips, his long lashes, the way he smiled ...
“Nope. Lestrade may know by now,” replies Sherlock. “I doubt our three special friends are going to muster much resistance against skilful interrogation – and Lestrade and Donovan are quite good at that. It’s unlikely that the person they answer to directly occupies any exalted position in their organisation’s hierarchy. They’re far too simple and unprofessional for that. They are small cogs in a large machine. Remains to see who really pulls the strings behind it all. Oh, this could be good.” He grins at John, who cocks an eyebrow at him but then smiles as well.
John grins. “Most of the time. Your mind is so sharp and quick. I wonder what you’d be like when you’re not in full command of your faculties.”
At length, John’s hand creeps across to rest on Sherlock’s lightly. Sherlock sucks in a deep breath, turns over his own hand and grips John’s, before shifting in his seat to be able to better look at him. “What a day,” mutters John.
“Okay, you asked for it,” he announced menacingly, feeling Sherlock smile again, his body tensing slightly in preparation for an incoming assault.
“We’ll take the funicular lift that leaves from Val Claret. It’ll get us to the summer skiing area at the Grande Motte glacier in under ten minutes. Put on your sunglasses. We’ll take the stairs again and try to slip out via the back door. There’s CCTV on the corridor. I’d prefer not to give them full visuals.”
“Not today. Although I must say you were a complete nutter to take such a risk. I’m sure there would have been another way to get at the data without having to seduce a drug-baron.”
“Anyway, as I said,” she continues after another sip of tea, “I was a little confused about the state of her room, but thought she had grabbed a few things and spent the night out, and was going to come to work from wherever she’d been. Mrs. Suffield asked me to take her some packed breakfast – she always worries that we girls don’t eat enough –, and so I got my bike and set out to work.
He glanced at John, who took a step forward and couldn’t help puffing out his chest a little as he gave the vet a firm nod.
Seeing him so utterly blissed out is all it takes for John to tip over the edge as well. A few strokes of his hand and he comes, too, still pressed up against Sherlock, burying his head in the other’s throat.
“I’ve been different, too,” John goes on. “I know that, and I apologise. I also know how you, in your own way, have tried to look after me, make things better. And I appreciate that, I really do, even if I haven’t told you before. You’ve been a good friend. You’ve cared for me when I didn’t really look after myself. I mean, you even drew me a bath when I was angry and tired and fed up with everything, and made me eat when I wasn’t hungry. Stuff like that. You even lit some fucking candles in the bathroom.
“Thank God for that,” says John dryly as he steps into the living room. He has left jacket and helmet downstairs. His cheeks are flushed, and his hair is tousled from running a hand through it after taking off the helmet. Some strands are curling in his nape from where he sweated under the helmet. Sherlock loves these small curls, feeling a sudden urge to touch them. This surprises him. He likes touching John on occasion, likes to study his reactions and to see evidence of John’s affection for him in letting him do this. But this urge is new. It warrants closer inspection.
John smiles. “I doubt that, actually, as clever as you are without the aid of poisons. Perhaps you could start chewing gum when the craving gets bad, however,” he suggests, before, abruptly, he pushes himself away from the windowsill he has been leaning against, as if suddenly becoming aware that he has been staring at Sherlock all this time. “Well, I guess you’ll be needing the bathroom first. Knock on my door when you’re done.”
Sherlock shakes his head, sitting up straighter and beginning to untangle the sheet snaked round his legs and lower torso. “No, I prefer the darkness.”
The journey is uneventful but for a signal failure near Elephant and Castle that delays their train by almost half an hour. Sherlock distracts himself with deducing their fellow passengers and helping John with
Interestingly, Sherlock feels his own heartbeat elevate. Suddenly, there is a lump in his throat. He knows he shouldn’t, but he does it anyway: for a brief moment, he allows himself to bury his nose in John’s hair and inhale, trying to commit the scent into the most secure vault of his mind palace where it will never, ever be deleted. Because this, this moment, out of pure selfishness disregarding John’s distress – he wants to keep it forever. Very likely he will never be this close to John (or anybody else) again, and he wants to treasure each and every second.
They do have coffee that day, and it’s okay. Actually, it’s rather nice. Conversation runs freely and more easily than Sherlock anticipated, and when Victor asks if he’d like to repeat the coffee drinking and talking the next day, he says yes. Regular coffee meetings lead to hanging out at the library studying together, which lead to cycling to Ely together to visit the cathedral, which lead to Sherlock accompanying Victor to a party, which leads to him drinking more alcohol than he is used to (which is basically less than half a glass of wine), which leads to Victor kissing him in the garden of the party house under the large buddleia and Sherlock, to his genuine shock and surprise, kissing back. While Sherlock is debating whether he truly likes the kissing and the fact that one of Victor’s hands is sliding down his back towards his arse, while the other is caressing his cheek and throat, Victor’s fingers brush over the mole and—
“That’s of course possible, but we had a look there, too. There were no new tracks, as far as we could make out with what light was left. I can’t imagine she was tranquillised, either. Unlike a pony-foal, it would have been difficult even for two people to carry her over any distance.”
The hairbrush stills for a moment. “Is this why you are here? I heard about your ... misunderstanding with him.” She turns in her seat, her eyes raking Sherlock’s figure. He shifts onto the leg he’s been favouring, but of course she has noticed his injury. He wonders how much she knows, how far rumour has spread already, if there’s a sensational article in the
Sherlock shakes his head, tutting. “Language, John. You know, I find it somewhat startling that you keep calling me a ‘wanker’ when statistically, you engage in that activity far more often than I do.”
They passed a crossroads and soon after took a right turn into a sandy driveway, descending gently between fenced-in pastures towards a modern-looking farm consisting of several stable buildings and a low, flat-roofed structure which Katie described as a visitor centre.
“I’m fine. Or rather I would be if you got this dratted thing away from me,” Sherlock groused, swatting at the dog with his gloved hand. “Get it off, the stupid thing. What have I always told you about idiotic dog owners?”
John sighed, emptying his cup with one draught, and remembering his slight row with Sherlock before he left because Sherlock had once more slept on the sofa, and only, if the shadows under his eyes and his general pale- and reediness were anything to go by – for a few hours, and John had scolded him for it, reminding him to eat, and for God’s sake, shower and put on fresh clothes. Sherlock had taken this ill, huffed contemptuously and told John that there were more important things than showers and fresh underwear. John had left fuming, and indeed barely able to contain himself, with Sherlock sulking in his chair torturing his violin. On the Tube, he recalled that the last time they’d kissed had been on the day they returned from Suffolk, and his anger was replaced by sadness and a slight yet nagging worry about the future.
John laughs at this. “God, no. I’ve been sharing bathrooms for most of my life. There isn’t exactly a lot of privacy on a battle-ship.”
Sherlock continues to ignore John when they sign up for today’s stage, confirming John’s fears that there is some contention between them. Sherlock is his aloof self, looking splendid in yellow, tall and cold and unapproachable. Several of the press learn this first hand when they try to snatch interviews right at the start. So does Victor Trevor when he, Sherlock, and Kit in the white jersey are asked to pose for photographs and sign a few jerseys and other memorabilia to give away to charity. John watches Sherlock glare at Trevor through his sunglasses, exuding cold disdain like vapour, now and again voicing a dig at his fitness. Trevor isn’t any better, John can tell that the two of them are not just vexing the press, but also irritating poor Kit so much that he comes to complain to John when they arrange their bikes next to each other for the group start.
He gives John an reproachful glance. John rubs the back of his neck. “Yes, sorry about that. I should have left a message or something. After talking to Irene and seeing that it was getting late, we asked her if she had a room in town. She said she preferred to return to London. Originally, her plan had been to come with Moran and spend the night at his place, but she wasn’t eager to see him again that evening. Actually, even though she made it seem like she could handle him well, I think she was grateful for our interruption. So I cycled to the station to have a look when the last train was due, then returned and Greg – DI Lestrade – and I accompanied her. We had a bit of time left before her departure, so we spent half an hour at the Shoulder of Mutton having another drink. They’re good company, both of them. Well, then I waited until she and Greg had boarded the train, and cycled back home. Sorry that you had to make the trip twice.”
“In a moment I shall, sir,” simpers Sherlock. “But I’m going to have to call the police if you don’t comply. But then you seem to enjoy parking in unusual spots, don’t you,” he adds, his voice devoid of deference of a sudden but sounding clipped and precise and slightly intimidating. “Not quite as remote as Sunday night’s location, is it? I wonder what business you had in Newton Longville and its quiet roads.”
The brief downward flicker of Sherlock’s eyes is answer enough. John scoots closer, reaches up and tilts Sherlock’s head towards him. “You better believe that one in particular, Sherlock Holmes,” he says softly but with conviction. “You’re the most beautiful, desirable man I’ve ever seen. And that’s not just because you have an arse made for tight cycling shorts, you hear? I love everything about you, but especially your weird chins and silly, freckly tan and giant hands and the brown spot in your right eye.”
John exhales, swallows thickly. “Of course I’m glad. I started fretting about not saying good-bye to you properly the moment the taxi drove of. I almost told the driver to turn around. I ... I am glad you made it.” He nods at the scarf round Sherlock’s neck and smiles. “Suits you.”
With a sigh, John tried to banish these thoughts, concentrating on the landscape instead. Despite having never been to this part of the world before, there was something familiar about it.
“But together,” goes on Sherlock, because he feels it needs to be said, “looking out for each other, and being prepared to work on our individual issues to make this work ... I think we are. Or we will be, in time.”
John lifted his head to steal a glance at Sherlock’s expression. He was frowning slightly, looking concentrated as he soaked up and stored information. John was mildly surprised that he wasn’t sprouting forth what he gained, telling John precisely how he had received the wound, what kind of bullet on what trajectory had torn his shoulder apart, how severe the subsequent infection had been. Even though John of course knew about all of that, he felt deep gratitude for Sherlock not pointing it all out to him again.
“There are no rules here, apart from those we make for ourselves. And I wouldn’t even call them ‘rules’, rather ... agreements. But hey, Sherlock,” John gazes up at him imploringly, “if anything about what we did last night bothered you, please tell me. Or if you just went along to please me or something. Or if you’re not sure whether you really enjoyed it because it was too intense or overwhelming. It was a ... test, okay? An experiment of sorts. And if you decide you don’t want to repeat it, that’s totally okay.”
John sighed. “That’d be quite bad for the owners, wouldn’t it? And with the horses being an endangered breed and everything …. I hope there won’t be another killing. And can we even be sure they were murders? I mean, I’ve heard about people killing horses, but like Katie said those were always stabbings, quite bloody and violent. These poisonings ... either they were just unlucky coincidences, or someone has put a lot of effort into them. And if it’s indeed the latter, what purpose does it serve, without threats being uttered, or blackmail or something along the lines? It all sounds very strange to me. Perhaps there really just was something in the hay.”
Gazing down into his glass, John nodded, smiling to himself as he recalled the past weeks. “Yes, I am. Didn’t think I’d end up with a bloke like him – or a bloke at all, come to think of it – but it’s ... good. Complicated, utterly infuriating at times, but good. I wouldn’t want it any other way. Only the fucking press, they could really shut up about us now.”
Sherlock finally lowers the phone and glares at John, his face illuminated from below which makes his unusual features look even more otherworldly and striking. “You don’t have to molly-coddle me, John. I know what I am doing.”
John shakes his head. “I’m still on sick leave, and will be for some months yet. I may be required to work at the Admiralty, but it will be a an office job behind a desk. The only danger for me there is going to be boredom, and the occasional paper cut. Not that I’d mind a change. I’ve had my share of adventure, and some of the things I saw in France ...” He shakes himself to get rid of the memories, but Sherlock has seen how his face turned pale, how the lines round his mouth seemed more pronounced, how his hands clenched. He notices that John’s uniform is new, and even though it fits him well, it’s two sizes smaller than his last one. Whatever happened to John will be a long, dark tale full of hardship and horror. As curious as he is to learn more about what happened, he knows he must not press John. When he is ready, he will talk.
“I did, after he mentioned to me that he was working down in Kent. Family connections, apparently. His parents wanted him out of the firing line. Only son and everything. He didn’t say so outright, but between the lines I read that he resents his post a little, and would prefer to be back at sea. I sympathise with him there, although I have to admit that recently, I’ve come to appreciate being stuck on dry land.”
John hasn’t been faring so well. He does work from home, taking calls from patients and doling out health advice via phone and skype and prescriptions via email. He also does some work for the NHS helpline. But he feels ill at ease. He should be working in a hospital right now where healthcare professionals are desperately needed. He hopes he can get a test and an all clear soon so that he can return to the frontlines. Sitting at home while so many of his colleagues are working double and triple shifts is wearing him down. All the projects he imagined he’d attempt once he had more time on his hands he hasn’t touched, proving that it wasn’t a lack of time that kept him from doing them but a lack of motivation – a lack which has persisted despite the ever increasing dark cloud of boredom settling over him.
Something was nagging him, making him reluctant to let Sherlock hare off on his own. Perhaps, he reasoned, it was just because they’d spent so much time together lately and he’d gotten used to having Sherlock close virtually all the time, while during a regular week in London he’d be spending long hours at work and only see his flatmate in the evening and sometimes morning, if Sherlock was already (or still) up when John left for the surgery.
They had made it. 2645 metres altitude, a large sign announced, two thousand of which they had climbed by bike. And the weather had held. And the air wasn’t too thin to breathe up here. And their provisions and preparations had been just right. And Sherlock was here, too, and he was positively glowing. Not even after the successful solving of a challenging case had John seen him look so pleased and content and, well, happy. The sight made John want to grab and kiss him.
There was an absence of Sherlockian sounds now, too. John listened more closely for footsteps downstairs, the sound of a chair being dragged over the kitchen floor, or the flush of shower or toilet. Nothing. Either Sherlock was out or he was asleep. Perhaps he had found a case last night and was engrossed in the details, wandering the curious passages of his mind palace. John fervently hoped he had found something to occupy himself with. He did not relish a repeat of yesterday’s disasters, and he wasn’t sure if the emergency distraction he had planned for today was going to work if Sherlock was still moody and bored, and worse, upset. With another sigh, he scrambled out of bed. Time to face whatever awaited him downstairs.
He hears answering grunts from the others which are almost drowned out by the cheers from the many onlookers lining the road as they approach Mijanès. As they fly past, John sees several gendarmes trying to keep the masses in check where there are no barriers. Further up the pass, where the road rises in sharp hairpin bends, only a narrow path in the middle will be open for the riders to pass through in single file with people thronging both sides and often running alongside. There won’t be space for attacks. John both dreads these conditions and looks forward to them: the well-meant pats on the back, the cries of encouragement, the showers of cool water from bystanders emptying their bottles over the riders’ sweaty heads. It’s dangerous, yes, but it’s also pretty damn spectacular to be transported uphill not only by one’s own aching legs, but also by the enthusiasm of the fans.
“Maybe a little,” John admitted around a grin. “Come on, you know you invite it sometimes. And I thought that in this situation, some humour would help to ease all this unresolved sexual tension between us."
Sherlock stares at him, his eyes roaming over John’s face as if trying to gauge if he’s speaking the truth. Eventually, he nods. “Thank you, John. I will endeavour to learn the friendship thing and continue to earn the affection you express towards me.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “She is a talented singer and performer, and she cuts a striking figure on stage that speaks of charisma and self-confidence. She appears to be intelligent, too, with the kind of quick wit that recognises opportunities. She has the tenacity to grasp them, too, judging from her dress, shoes and make-up. She has been doing well, despite the troubled times, which speaks of more than mere talent. Satisfied?”
Sherlock thinks for a moment, before cocking his head and shrugging. “We might as well go ahead. Your undeniable prowess and skill in the kissing department have made me curious, not to mention have affected me otherwise. We are both aroused – rather painfully, I have to admit to my shame. So we might as well ... you know. Do the deed.”
“Redistribution of laces,” mutters Sherlock. That cuff from Tom really hurt, but he’s trying not to let it show. Someone pulls the coat off his head. It’s still wrapped rather tightly round his arms and shoulders, preventing him from moving his arms and making him feel hot and stuffy.
“Are they?” asks John. “To be honest, I can’t imagine that. I mean, from what one hears, all those who dare oppose the government face major discrimination or are even jailed and executed. Who’d dare to voice their opinion freely and openly under those circumstances? I was captive on a German submarine, and what I witnessed there wasn’t a vessel filled with glowing supporters of the Nazi cause, but just ordinary chaps like ours, homesick, worried about their dear ones, interested in girls and football and looking forward to shore leave. Their captain was a bit of a hardliner, but the rest ... they weren’t the monsters we want them to be. Anyway, I fully support the need to defeat this enemy. The alternative is unthinkable. But we shouldn’t forget our humanity. Otherwise we’re no better than those we are fighting. Also, look at how things developed after the Great War, the ‘War to End All Wars’. Germany was beaten down, was made to pay exorbitant reparations that crippled its economy and caused dangerous upstarts like Hitler to rise to power. We should be careful not to make the same mistake again.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” snaps Sherlock. This is far too close. He can’t, he mustn’t think about these things now, can’t afford the distraction.
“What did you dream?” asked John curiously. He couldn’t remember having ever heard Sherlock speak so unguardedly about his feelings and was hoping he wasn’t going to stop just yet.
Sherlock held his gaze for a moment before lowering his. He sighed. “Surprise is our best bet. Pretend to just stumble upon them, play innocent, hope they make a mistake —”
“Even though he is mostly in disguise as an inconspicuous tourist in these photos, his stance and bearing speak of a military background,” mused Sherlock, leaving through the photos again.
personal, are still out of bounds, and probably will remain so. They’re just not like that, John and he, talking about
The black man nods. “Looked kinda exploded, if you ask me. The screen was shattered, guess from the cars, but the back was all melted, and blackened as if it’d been in a fire.”
“Yes. After my return from Bletchley, I had an ... interesting encounter with him. His car fetched me from the station. It was a bit creepy, to be honest. How of earth did he know which train I was on? Anyway, he seemed to know a lot about the Wilson case already, and asked me at length about your involvement.”
to feel it. And it surprises me constantly.” He lets out a long breath. “It scares me, too,” he admits softly.
“Tsk, tsk, John, such accusations. Moriarty is a good time trialist. Not brilliant, but dependably good, even without ... assistance.”
Sherlock nods towards her wedding ring. “Only jewellery item you’re wearing that’s not been regularly cleaned.”
“Kept out of the wind, huddled into the blankets I had stolen and tried to keep awake long enough to slip inside at the first opportunity.” He swallowed. “I gazed at my mobile until the battery ran out. When last I’d had internet access – I didn’t dare hack into the ship’s wifi –, I had visited your blog and downloaded your photograph and some of the case descriptions. Sentimental, and dangerous, too, should anybody find the phone. But that night, staring at your picture and reading about our adventures kept me alive, I guess. You see, unlike the match girl, I knew I mustn’t surrender to sleep if I wanted to maintain the slightest chance to ever seeing you again. And I didn’t. I contracted pneumonia, though, almost lost some toes, and my fingers have been very sensitive to cold ever since.”
Things calm down in the other room, but only briefly before the bed noises are replaced by heavy breathing. Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and wishes he could simply switch off his hearing (and his mind, too, for good measure). Doesn’t the man realise he’s not exactly alone in this house. He doesn’t snore, the breathing is too laboured for that. What is he doing? Realisation hits Sherlock and he growls softly. Surely not. So all right, people do have urges. Not everybody has their libido under such tight control as Sherlock, who simply considers it a nuisance and has long endeavoured to not let it govern him in any way. Useless hormonal drive, inconvenient at the best of times. At school when puberty raised its ugly head he managed to thwart any urges that might arise from hormonal upheaval. Why can’t other people be the same? Why indulge in these messy, useless desires, be enslaved by their own bodies? The earth would be less generously populated by total morons if more people simply abstained from sexual practices of all kinds, but particularly those involving other people. There might be fewer murders and other crimes of passion, too, but Sherlock is perfectly willing to put up with that.
“You’re a bloody idiot,” mutters John, but it sounds more fond than accusing. “Next time, you eat and sleep and drink properly before you push yourself to your limit.”
The Tanners had joined the search-parties and return around the same time. John arranges a late breakfast before wishing them a good night. At their room, they quickly change into their pyjamas, hang up the still clammy clothes and take turns in the bathroom for a quick wash, use of the loo and brush of teeth. When Sherlock arrives back in the room, John is already abed, having stacked the two duvets on top of one another as the air in the room is cold. Seeing Sherlock approach the bed with what probably looks like hesitation or reluctance, he simply sighs and lifts the duvet.
Sherlock withdraws into the adjacent room – a luxury he’s come to appreciate from his billet in Bletchley, where there was also a bathroom close to his bedroom. His old flat on Montague Street only had one bathroom on the first floor which was used by the occupants of four flats. Sherlock remembers more than one occasion when there wasn’t any toilet paper left, meaning that Sherlock tended to always take a newspaper with him to be prepared. John has placed his towel, comb and shaving kit on the side of the sink. His toothbrush stands next to Sherlock’s in the old glass beaker he’s been using instead of a proper glass. The sight deals Sherlock another pang to his chest. They used to share a bathroom in Bletchley, their toothbrushes standing side by side. Once, they even shared the bathtub – or tried to. It should have been romantic and arousing. They did attempt to have sex, but ended up with most of the floor under water and both of them laughing so hard their bellies ached for days afterwards. The tub had of course been too small for two full grown men, and it was either them in the tub, or the water. In the end they spent more time mopping up the suds than carrying on, but were having fun all the same. Sherlock smiles fondly at the memory.
“Yes, perhaps. Usually Anderson has the single room, though, because he snores so much. Anyway, hope my new roommate doesn’t snore, either, or skype half the night with his wife and kids back home, like Gregson and Hopkins.”
“Any idea who this fellow is?” John asks Sherlock softly. “You’ve been watching him for a while now.”
John turns to gaze out of the window, still smiling and looking excited. “So that’s him? The murderer?”
John stepped closer to him, raising his hand a fraction to wait for a cue from Sherlock whether it would be okay to touch him. Sherlock eyed the hand briefly, but made no clear sign, so John dropped it again. “Is that why you took drugs in the past?” he enquired, genuinely interested, because Sherlock’s addiction to hallucinogenic substances had always puzzled him. Sherlock rarely even drank alcohol, and refused to take medication that would ‘addle his mind’, according to him. Why then would he have injected cocaine in the past?
“What a bunch of wankers, ganging up against you like that. Bet they were secretly jealous that you were so much smarter than they.”
Ascending the tunnel-like track through a patch of forest with trees twisted and shaped by the wind, they reach a small plateau where a path branches off to the left. Rugged hills are visible, like spoil heaps from a quarry. They are overgrown with turf and small hawthorns, and criss-crossed by chalky paths like white scars. One of them climbs a steep slope and vanishes from view at the top. To Sherlock’s surprise, this area looks almost exactly like it did when he was last here, climbing up from the other side where the land falls steeply towards another bit of the forest. He breathes deeply, considering one of the sheep-tracks for their continuing ascent, but deciding to stick to the main path instead. It’s less steep.
Sherlock feels his cheeks heat again, both from Tiffany’s compliment and even more from the warm smile that spreads over John’s tired face. “Yes, that he is. And you’re pretty smart, too, for actually understanding what he says.” He winks at Tiffany who preens. “Let me just wash my hands and get myself some tea and a scone, and then I’ll join you.”
were staying at her sister’s and had just assembled at the dinner table when Lestrade knocked on the door. Even though the woman had been informed that the police might want to talk to her again after she had identified her former husband’s body, she clearly hadn’t expected an officer of Scotland Yard to show up on Christmas Eve, and to stand a little awkwardly with his hat in his hands in front of the lit Christmas tree, somewhat bashfully enquiring whether he could talk to Mrs. Northam yet again after introducing himself and his two companions.
“Mariella asked if we wanted desert, too,” says John round a mouthful of chips and vegetables. “So I ordered the apple-tart with ice-cream for you. Should be here in half an hour.”
John smiles as he shifts to better watch Sherlock. “That’s a wise decision, I’d say. But seriously, Sherlock, are you okay? Today’s been ... a lot.”
Sherlock and John confirm that they intend to spend a third night at the Tanners’ B&B but decide to have dinner in town for a change. Most of the afternoon, which is clear and sunny for a change yet with a distinct drop in temperatures, is spent driving around checking on people. Gwendolen Gruffudd texts them around noon, asking them to come to her parents’ farm once more to talk to her father, and for John to assess him professionally. Gwendolen herself is going to join them later, after she has fetched her fiancé from Hereford Hospital where he spent the night but is due to be released soon.
“She bit on a capsule such as are issued to agents in the field in case they fall into enemy hands,” explains Sherlock. “There is the possibility that she had relevant links.” Nobody asks him how he can know what such a capsule might look like, for which he is grateful, as he is not fond of recounting certain aspects of his past that entail the acquaintance with providers of all kinds of illegal and dangerous substances. Not all of them were required for scientific experiments.
John exchanges a glance with Sherlock who nods. “I need to make some telephone calls first, to inform my landladies over at Bletchley as well as my employer that my return will be delayed.”
To his utter astonishment and surprise Sherlock Holmes, the world’s only consulting detective, finds that this is a riddle he doesn’t want to investigate – much less solve – right now. There is time for it some other day. For now, there is an appointment with scones and tea and good conversation, and later with a promising novel for the journey back to London (he must persuade John to drive). They could go out for dinner tonight. Angelo’s, with a candle on the table. Or perhaps Lestrade or another officer of the MET will come over with a case. There’s the prospect of more kissing, and new bedroom arrangements at their flat. Mrs. Hudson will be delighted to win her bet with Mrs. Turner concerning their changed relationship status.
Sherlock glances at his watch. “Our appointment is for eleven, so if you really want to swim, there’s plenty of time.”
Sherlock sits up straighter, gazing at his brother in surprise. “Did you just admit you don’t know everything?”
“Yes. The question is, can I win with such a high margin to snatch yellow from Moriarty? I doubt it.”
“And shopping, cleaning, fetching, brushing your ego – not that it needs that … shall I keep going?”
He steps closer to John, and with a quick glance over his shoulder towards the foyer he asks, “Is it true about
Casting a glance over the riverbed, now several metres below them, and taking in the dead tree-trunks bleached by sun and frost and battered by forceful springtime waters, he recalled Sherlock’s words about how he would not have lasted much longer out there, on his own. He had been right.
John withdrew some more and let out a breath to hide his disappointment. He had received a different impression while the kiss lasted, judging from the way Sherlock had begun to respond eventually.
“There,” John breathes into Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock is still leaning heavily upon him, hobbling alongside his long strides. Ahead, he catches the glimpse of a red dress and the quick patter of high-heeled shoes. A draught of cold air indicates a door being opened – not the stage door proper, unless Sherlock’s recollection of its location is somewhat askew, it must be some side entrance for staff or deliveries.
John chuckles. “I mean ... sometimes you seem to have no chin at all, and sometimes ten. It’s ... funny. I love it, especially the latter, because these multiple chins always appear when you laugh.”
She sighs again, at length inclining her head. “So I try to convince myself. But we both know it’s not entirely true. That night ... so many things went wrong. I should have stayed. I should have followed her into the quarry. I should have explained. I—”
Daniel hasn’t changed much since his parents’ funeral. His hair has receded a little from his forehead, and there are some greying strands amidst the light brown. He wears it shorter now. He still looks fit, thanks to running and playing football. He works out a little at the gym, too, his frame and the musculature of his arms suggest. His tan is not entirely from sunlight, either. He is still wearing a business shirt and jeans – no strict dress-code at his workplace, then – but has rolled up the sleeves and got rid of his tie. His watch and shoes are new and of understated expensiveness, both of German make, bought at Manufactum during a recent business trip to Frankfurt. All in all, he looks like he’s leading a successful, fairly happy life – were it not for the lines of worry round his mouth. Sherlock wonders whether worry for his daughter has deepened them, or if they are rather due to stress in his job and his relationships.
