“Then what are we waiting for, let’s go.” Gabe strode past an annoyed Cas and towards the rooms. Cas followed him and opened their room door with his key.
At his apartment he packed his bag, taking all the essentials with him and then he heard the roar of the Impala in front of his window. He raced to the door, locking it before jumping into the passenger's seat.
“What? That’s awesome. We have to celebrate that,” Cas said cheerfully, “but why did he call you this early?”
Cas quickly changed into his outfit for tonight; a black suit with a white button up and a blue tie. He was trying to tame his messy hair when Dean entered the room, fully clothed. He was wearing a dark blue suit, with a white button up shirt underneath and a dark red tie. Cas turned around to him, a bright smile on his face.
“Yes.” Dean slid one finger in, making Cas moan again. He waited only a few seconds before starting to move.  He soon added another finger, scissoring Cas open. When he hit Castiel’s prostate, the man beneath him let out a loud groan, his hips pushing upwards. Dean didn’t hesitate and hit that spot relentlessly, Cas feeling warmth gather at his stomach.
“Don’t know but it seems like we have to get back there,” Dean answered grumpily. He didn’t like it. When they had salted and burned the bodies… he had a weird feeling in his gut but he ignored it in favour of being done with the hunt. Now he regretted not having listened to his instinct.
They spent the next months planning their wedding. Cas had asked Gabriel to be his best-man and Dean had obviously asked Sam, who agreed happily. Their friends were equally thrilled when they heard the news and promised to take a few days off work. The event came closer and Castiel’s anxiety grew; he hadn’t written his vows yet and the wedding was only a week away. He was sitting in his office when his phone vibrated once.
“More people died from the bar case.” He explained. Her soft features hardened a bit as he went into work mode, closing the game.
Dean's voice pulled him out of his deep thought. „So what are you going to do on that free week we have? I thought we could go somewhere together for a few days." Cas opened his eyes and was met by green once. He shifted his head slightly to have a better look at his face. „I would like that but I promised my family that I would visit them and stay the whole week. I haven't seen them in months." Cas said. „Okay. If you want I could visit you when you are there. If I remember correctly you told me that your family lives near Lincoln". Cas smiled at the fact that Dean remembers that small detail. „Yea they do but you said that your parents live here in Lawrence."
Dean, his relationship with Dean was going great. Since L.A. they had slept with each other a lot of times, every time a little bit different that the one before..
Soon his fingers and sheets were stained with his own blood. He looked at his arm and then at the red mess on his arm. Cas was feeling so numb and broken. He cleaned his arm, bandaging it and changed the sheets before going to bed.
"No, I am not leaving Sammy alone here with you. Not after what you did last week to him", Dean was almost yelling now and was getting closer to John. The other man didn't back away though and they were soon standing only inches away.
After that, it became something almost normal. The cuts on his arms were increasing and it became harder for him to hide them.
“Dean?” He asked confused but Dean didn’t say anything and instead exited the car with a smirk and went around to Cas’ side, opening the door like a gentleman. Cas looked up at him with furrowed brows but got out of the car and then was standing directly in front of Dean, faces only inches away. Dean pecked his lips once before he pulled away and took his hand, leading him towards the double doors. He opened it and held it open for Cas who entered. Dean slipped in after him, closing it again.
“Better hurry up. I want to have some warm water too,” he teased, making Cas give him an eyeroll even though he couldn’t see it. With a smile on his face, he opened the door and was met by a wide-eyed Dean. Castiel’s smile grew a little when he noticed that Dean was scanning his upper body with his eyes. When they locked eyes, Dean started blushing furiously, looking away quickly in an attempt to hide his embarrassment. Without saying anything, Cas just walked past Dean and into his bedroom.
The moment Cas closed the door, he was turned around by Dean and pressed against the door, his back hitting the wooden door. Lips captured his and all of his worries were gone. He lost himself in Dean’s lips, his hands roaming over his boyfriend's chest before he pulled him closer by putting his hands on Dean’s neck. Dean’s hands were running through his hair and he was slowly placing kisses on his jaw and then onto his neck, sucking at the sensitive skin there. His hands were gliding up and down his back before they went underneath his shirt.
.’ It was his favorite book and he loved reading it. Someone sat down next to him and when he looked up from his food he saw a boy looking at him with a smug and amused grin.
He had so many things on his mind but he tried to concentrate on the good things in his life right now, which meant he could think about Dean. About his smile, his laughter, his voice, the thousands of freckles that were covering his whole face and probably his whole body. And of course, his apple green eyes that reminded Castiel of the forest at a clear spring day. Dean was just perfect in each and every way and Cas was so lucky to have him, even though he still thought that Dean deserves someone better.
Dean parked the Impala in front of the older Novak’s house and they all exited, quickly walking to the front door. Gabriel, Raphael and Michael greeted them happily, leading the three boys into the kitchen, where Bobby and Ellen where already seated, drinking a glass of wine each. Cas sat down next to Dean and Raphael, pouring himself, and Dean, a glass of wine as well.
“Castiel, please place the ring on Dean’s left hand and repeat after me,” and so Castiel repeated the words he’d always wanted to say as he slid the ring onto Dean’s finger.
They had decided to leave the next day and head back to the bunker. Gabriel had offered to just zap them home but Dean would never leave his Baby so now the Winchesters were sitting in the front seats and Cas and Gabe in the back. The drive was long and Cas spent most of it dozing and looking out the window.
. He could look over the whole skyline of the city. Dean walked up to him, slinging his arms around Castiel’s waist and resting his head on Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean sighted before answering. "I don't know. It's just I never thought that the situation would escalate so much. I couldn't stop him from hurting Sammy, or you. I failed..." he trailed off, not looking into Castiel's eyes.
“You know what I saw? I saw both of you throw wistful looks at each other. The UST is unbearable!” Gabe almost whined.
He was standing next to Dean, their fingers interlaced as they leaned against each other, the heat of Dean’s body radiating off of him.
was playing in the background and Cas had closed his eyes to take in Deans smell. That sweet smell of leather and gas, mixed with a little bit of sweat. He thought about how drastically his life had changed since he met Dean.
At the parking lot Castiel complemented Dean’s car. Dean felt himself blushing a little so he didn't look at the man across from his right after the complement. When he did, blue eyes looked at him. Dean was a little taller so he had to look down a little. They stared at each other, again, but then Dean broke off and went into his impala, after saying goodbye. Once in his car he drove off the parking lot and was on his way back to his apartment. His face was burning red and he had to open the window, in order to calm himself down.
"Let's burn the bodies first, stay a few more days after and see if we get more killings. If not, we leave, okay?" Dean grumbled as he pulled back into traffic.
Cas sat down on his old couch, which made a squeaking sound as he sat down. He tried to call the green-eyed boy but his phone went straight to voicemail. His eyes dart over the open living room space and focus on one of his chairs. He could have sworn that he had put a blanket there since his apartment could get pretty cold in the winter months. A spark of hope spread inside of him and he grabbed his jacket, put on his boots and opened the door.
“Come here,” Dean said, taking Castiel's hand and leading him to the couch, “what is going on? You have been like this for weeks.” Cas looked at him confused, tilting his head.
“Your wedding rings are special; they enhance who you are. They mark the beginning of your long journey together. Your wedding ring is a circle, a symbol of love never ending. It is the seal of the vows you have just taken to love each other without end.
after thinking about it a lot, I have decided to pause this fic for now. A lot is going on in my life and I sadly cannot find any inspiration to continue this.
“Yes, it is because as long as he doesn’t redeem himself and sees that he’s sinning, I won’t do anything to help him because I am not in the position to do anything. If he comes to me and wants help I’ll be more than happy to help him but as long as he lives this life I can’t do anything for him.” Cas was shocked at the honesty of his mother. He knew her views but he never knew how far they went. He felt sick and wanted nothing more than to throw up but unfortunately, there was one more witness they would have to call; Lucifer.
“What do you say we continue what we started earlier?” he asked suggestively. A grin spread across Castiel’s face, as he looked at Dean through hooded eyes.
“Nice to meet you,” she said over the sound of the music and Cas laughed slightly by how welcoming she was. When she finally released him, and then went on to hug Dean, Cas turned towards the other girl, Jo.
“Of course. You have to go to the twelfth floor and then it’s the third door on the right,” he explained.
“I prefer the word trusting. Less dumb, less ass.” Cas said dryly and Dean chuckled softly, not wanting to ruin the quiet moment.
In the centre of the room was a table for two, filled with different foods, ranging from salad over burgers to pie. Lot’s of pie. There were also candles and flowers all over it, some candles hovering in the air. Fairylights were hung up all over the barn, giving it a soft yellow glow. The old sigils and warding symbols were fading but didn’t ruin the serenity of the barn.
“Come on, angel, let’s get back home.” He said and took his hand, leading him out of the barn and towards the Impala, his heart glowing.
“Hey, what is someone as cute as you doing here?” He smirked. Even if he didn’t want to admit it, it felt good to talk to someone who was also interested in him, even if it was only a one night stand.
„If this goes wrong it’s your fault" Castiel said slowly starting to calm down and even feeling a little bit exited. „Now what do you say you find a movie to watch, while I cook" Anna jumped up and was on her way to the kitchen when Cas shouted „what do you say we order Chinese. I have seen you cook and I don't want to get food poisoning after two days of school." Anna turned around and gave him her best angry face, which made Castiel start laughing because they both knew she couldn't cook and after some time of Anna trying to stay "mad" at him, her face relaxed and she threw a pillow, from one of the chairs at the counter, at him, smiling.
It was the last week of university before the winter break and Castiel’s professors had decided to put even more work on them. Cas was working in the library, trying to find information on his essay about Stephen King's’ writing style, when his phone vibrated. He looked at the screen, seeing that Anna had sent him a message.
"You look good in my clothes". Cas blushed slightly and turned away. "You know you look so cute when you're embarrassed" he added and Cas blushed even harder. He turned around and then kissed Dean but pulled away, teasingly. Cas was about to turn around, when the taller man grabbed his wrist and turned him around, pressing his lips against Castiel's. His hands started tugging at Dean's hair, while Dean's hand was slowly wandering down Castiel's waist.
Castiel was sitting on the couch of their living room, writing some emails, when he heard the front door open and close after a few seconds. Dean walked into view, a big smile on his face.
The next day, after Castiel was "free" to go, they stared packing. Castiel was ready pretty quickly, since he had almost nothing there, He walked towards the living room and sat down on the couch, pulling out his phone. He hadn't used it very much the last days, only to listen to music and call Anna to tell her what had happened those past weeks. Anna was shook by the news but she understood each and every of his decisions and said that he would support him, if the case got to court.
“Sorry but it was too tempting,” he tried to apologize. Cas looked at him annoyed which only made him laugh even more. Cas didn’t mind though since he loved hearing Dean’s laugh. When they left, after Dean paid, it was already after midnight. Castiel’s head was spinning slightly from the alcohol they had drunken but he didn’t mind at all. The drive back to Dean’s apartment was great. They were holding hands the whole ride back and sang along to songs they knew on the radio. (even though Cas knew how sappy that was)
Sam left a little later, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the room. They ate in silence, both too hungry to say something. "What do you think is going to happenen now" Cas said suddenly. "I don't know but you should have let me beat the shit out of him when I had the chance to" Dean said, a slight anger in his voice. "No Dean I couldn't let you do that. What if you got hurt. What if you got stabbed or even worse, killed". Castiel's stomach tightened even thinking about it. "Yea well, now you are hurt and that's even worse" Dean said the anger in his voice rising. "Dean it's fine and even if I had died, nobody would care..." Cas got cut off by Dean's harsh tone. "What the hell are you talking about. Of course people care. I care". "Maybe I deserve it..." Cas trailed off. Dean was now standing, walking up and down the room, anger masking his features. "Goddamn it Cas. But you know what, I get it now. You don't want to be saved.  And back there when you stopped me from attacking your brother, you didn't do it so that I wouldn’t get hurt. You did it so that
He stayed there and tried to calm himself down which did not work, so he crawled into his bed and laid there until he fell asleep. He woke up with dry eyes. He reached for his phone and saw that it was 8:30am and that he had three new messages from Dean.
He heard the engine of the Impala before he could even see the black car pull into his street. He walked out the door and quickly entered the car, but Dean didn’t start the engine.
“You’re spending too much time with Gabe, you know that? He’s just as annoying.” He answered and got a smack on the arm in return.
Back at home he put the groceries away and put on some more comfortable clothes. He sat on his bed and took his laptop to do some work for university. After some time, he was thinking about Castiel. How he had told him about his brothers and his mother. Dean had noticed that he didn't say anything about his father, which was fine by Dean, since he knew how fathers could be. He thought about those eyes, the ones he could get lost in and he wouldn't care. He hoped things would work out between them. Dean had had a lot of relationships but they never worked out. It was either because of his father who would say some bad shit about him when he brought them home, or because they just wanted a fling and nothing serious. Dean had to admit he wasn't the type for long-term stuff but he would give it a try for Castiel.
“I don’t want to ruin the quiet and romantic moment but…” He trailed off, ducking his head. He felt Cas cup his cheek and lift his head up, deep blue eyes locked with his.
“That’s awesome,” the older boy exclaimed before taking Castiel’s hand and walking into the living room to greet the others. Dean sat down next to his boyfriend, taking a sip from his beer.
The next day, they were sitting in the Impala on their way to the airport. Sam and Jess decided to accompany them. The drive was pleasant, with them joking around and talking about the previous day.
“Nothing,” he said as he pulled away. Cas raised an eyebrow at that but Dean just changed the topic.
His hair was wet, water dripping onto the floor. He had to admit that he looked more relaxed than he did when the school year had first started. His gaze drifted to his upper body and the scars that decorated his skin. Castiel still hated them and he wished that they weren’t there but he was slowly starting to accept that they were part of his life and body as well. He is not saying that they won’t continue to bother him because he still remembers pretty vividly how he got them but he thinks that maybe he’ll be able to come to terms with his past. It will always be there in the back of his mind, occasionally nagging at his thoughts but with the help of his family, and Dean, he can deal with the memories that will come up.
The road so far has been hard for Castiel and Dean but now it's all over and they are finally able to live in peace...
After some time Jo and Charlie joined them. As it turned out, they were really good friends with the three boys, and now everybody was talking with each other, laughing and drinking.
“Hello, agent D. Ehart?” Dean asked when his phone rang the next day. Cas looked at him with a quirked brow, sitting up straighter as he saw Dean talking, his eyes filling with a bit of hope.
“Can’t I just plan a nice date for my boyfriend?” He questioned, hoping Cas would not ask further questions but he should have known that this wouldn’t be happening.
"Hey it's okay, don't worry I am fine" Cas said cupping his face with this hand, whipping away his tears. They stayed like this for some time before Dean stood up and walked towards him. He lowered his face and kissed him. It was a soft and apologetic kiss, filling the days they hadn't talked to each other. The ring of the bell made them pull away. Dean smiled down at Cas before walking towards the microwave and bringing Cas his plate, before sitting down across from him again. They got into a deep conversation and before they knew it, Sam, Bobby and Ellen had returned. They sat all together in front of the big TV and were watching some old Star Trek episode. Cas was snuggled up next to Dean, a big blanket around him. Sam's girlfriend Jess had joined them, the two of them sitting in front of the couch, Sam's arm around Jessica's shoulders, her head leaning against his shoulder.
The rest of the morning they spend together, talking and watching movies. Castiel was happy and grateful that Dean didn't bring up his breakdown or the violin again, although he knew he had to talk to him about it eventually. After Dean left, he cleaned his apartment and put the broken violin in a box so that he could bring it to a store to fix it. He called Anna, after missing eleven of her calls. Apparently she had met a guy who turned out to be exactly what she was looking for. His name was Crowley and she really liked him. he told her what had happened between him and Dean. She said that she is very happy that Castiel's life is going so well. The rest of the day, he spent texting with Dean and making plans for his free week in October, where he would visit his family, even though he dreaded seeing the one person again, who made his childhood be like hell. His older brother Lucifer.
The drive to Anna’s family house wasn’t long and on the drive there, the two boys listened to one of Dean’s cassettes, Metallica blasting through the speakers. A really excited Anna opened the front door, pulling Cas into a bone crushing hug, before she hugged Dean with the the same amount of  enthusiasm.
Cas was about to say something when the bell rang and both of them almost jumped in their seats from the tension between them.
“Open them,” Dean said. Castiel’s breath caught in his throat as he saw the scene in front of him; a table was at the centre of the roof, a chair on each side. The table was covered with a white tablecloth and on top of it were two plates, glasses and a beautiful golden candle holder.
Cas let out a shaky breath and touched his nose with his hand. When he looked at it, blood was on his hand. He hurried to the bathroom, locked the door and threw up. It was something normal for him since people started bullying him and he didn't care how knew. since nobody really cared about him anyway. When he was finished he cleaned his face as much as he could and went to class. His teachers didn't bother to ask what had happened to him since it was something that happened on a regular basis and they didn't care about him as well. He sat through his classes and as so often didn't eat. He would puke it all out later so he had no need eat something.
"Of course," he said and after that they sat together, talking about what they would do from now on. When they left Gabriel's house it was almost 8pm. He hugged Cas and even Dean, whispering something in his ear, Cas couldn't understand. They walked to the Impala and entered the car but Dean didn't start the engine right away. Instead, he turned towards Cas like he had done when they had arrived.
When they had eventually arrived, the Winchesters booked three rooms next to each other. Charlie got one, Sam and Dean shared one, and one was for the angels.
“Yes it is. I still can’t really believe that we are here. Or that tomorrow is going to be our last day, which isn’t even a full day since our flight is at 8:30 pm,” he said sadly.
The next week past by with Cas working on his school projects almost non-stop, without having any time to do anything else, except eat and text a bit with Dean, who was less busy but had to work at the garage a lot.
Castiel was still very distressed and apparently, it was showing. The waitress came by and they ordered two specials, which consisted of scrambled eggs with bacon and a coffee each. A few seconds later she placed the two coffees in front of them. Cas took a sip of his and put it back down at the table, playing with the spoon. Dean took his hand in his, which made Cas look first at their hands and then at Dean.
She begged but he declined promising to do it again in the holidays. Castiel really wanted to go but he had to hand in four essays at the end of the week and he hadn’t started yet so he couldn’t allow himself to go out.
“No, Gabriel, we have not. I’ve told you that firstly he’s not interested in men, and even if he was then he’s definitely not interested in me. Also, you are here now, you saw that there is nothing between us.” Cas answered defensively. Gabe obviously caught this and smirked.
“Fifteen years ago she died in our burning house and even though it happened such a long time ago, I still remember it as if it was yesterday…” Dean’s voice got quieter the more he spoke and when he trailed off it was nothing more than a whisper. Cas searched for Dean’s hand and intertwined their fingers, squeezing his hand tightly. Castiel wanted to say something but Dean was already beginning to speak.
Pulling away, Dean took Cas’ hand in his and pulled him towards the car to look at the photos. They were a bit too bright but neither of them cared. They took one more, only their intertwined hands and the rings on the picture.
She just nodded before changing something in her computer and then proceeding in handing them their roomkey. The couple entered the room and Castiel stopped dead in his tracks. The room was beautiful. It wasn’t extremely big but he didn’t care about that. His gaze fell onto the big king-sized bed in the middle of the room, which had red sheets surrounded by a gold bed frame. But what caught his attention even more was the view. He slowly walked towards the floor-length window and let out a quiet
“No I never abused him in any way and I don’t know where this accusation comes from,” he lied. Gabe stepped closer.
“Gabriel is really awesome. I mean, agreeing to help us with this as well, I am really impressed,” Dean stated.
“Come on… tell me.” He grumbled after five minutes of silence. Dean groaned and glanced at him before focusing back on the road.
Castiel didn't answer but instead looked around Anna's apartment. It was small with only one bedroom and bathroom. The kitchen and the living room where only separated by a counter on which she had placed some of her favorite books and some plants. The whole apartment had a cozy vibe to it and Castiel always felt like home, when he was here. He sighted. „I guess you are right but I am still not sure what to write. I don't want to be made fun of...again."
“Mornin’ Cas.” The angel walked into the room and sat down opposite Dean, as always in his tan trenchcoat and white button-up with a blue tie.
“Mr. Novak, could you take your shirt off, so that we are able to take the pictures?” the woman said in a friendly but demanding tone. Cas only nodded and started fidgeting with the hem of his shirt.
Dean finished his vows, tears running down Castiel’s face freely at this point. Cas wanted to reach out and take his hand, intertwining their fingers but he tried to control himself, wiping away the tears on his cheeks. Dean’s voice had been shaking the whole time and even though he hid it pretty well, Cas knew that he tried not to cry himself.
“Okay,” was the only response his brother gave him before focusing back at the road. He dropped Cas of, telling him to get some sleep, before driving away.
After talking a bit more they went to Dean’s bedroom to go to sleep. Dean was about to get undressed when Cas grabbed his wrist, stopping him from loosening his tie.
He was sitting on the couch doing some research for an essay he had to do for English Literature when Dean came back. He left his jacket in the hallway and then came around and kissed Castiel on the cheek, before taking his hand and leading him to the bedroom.
“Dean it’s okay, I mean it. I know I was shocked and it caught me off guard but I am not mad at you. I know that you probably want to do more than just kiss and I am sorry that I am not ready to do that yet” Cas said not looking at Dean. He was feeling horrible for making this about him, even though Dean was the one, he should try to help and not the other way around.
In this chapter the year is going to end and some new friends are comming into both of their lives...
“I know and you love me for it. Now, don’t pout, love. You’ll like it.” He promised or at least Dean hoped Cas would like his surprise.
"He is my son and I can do whatever I want,  understand!", he growled, " and he got away easily". That was it for Dean. He punched his father in the face and then threw his whole body onto the other man, causing them to fall to the floor.
“Hey, it’s okay. I’m here. Everything will be alright, nothing will happen to you here, I promise” Dean said softly. Cas tried to swallow away the lump in his throat without success.
“Mrs. Novak, is it true that even though you knew your son was beaten up not only at school but was also abused by his brother and father, you didn’t do anything to prevent it?” Gabe asked a smirk on his face because he already knew the answer.
The moment she finished talking, Cas leaned forward, pressing his lips against Dean’s. He could feel the tears run down the other man's face as they trailed down and between their lips. He didn’t mind that at all and instead continued, Dean smiling against Castiel’s lips. He wanted to deepen the kiss even more, until he remembered where they were. So he reluctantly pulled away, face only inches away from his husband.
“Dean I really need to study again”. Dean pressed a kiss to his neck and Cas tilted his head to give Dean more access. The other man chuckled against his skin
Taking the photos didn’t take as long as he thought it would. First, the woman took a picture from his chest and then she asked him to turn around so that she could take one of his back. She then proceeded to take more specific photos; from the self-harm scars on his arms, white and mostly faded. He hadn’t cut in months. Next some smaller ones on his stomach, and then the two big ones on his back. The bigger one, from his father, was still a little bit red at the edges. Cas could still feel it when he moved certain ways. The fresher one still hurt a little, but it was already fading away slightly, thanks to Ellen and Bobby. After 20 minutes they were finished and Cas could finally put his shirt back on, he thanked the woman before leaving the room.
“That’s great. Your brother really is awesome,” Benny said turning towards Cas, to which he just nodded.
“Cas… I know that I have been a bit oblivious about the fact that you liked me too. I think it came from the fact that I never thought an actual angel could fall in love with plain old me.” He admitted, ducking his head briefly. “but for some reason, you did and I won’t question it. I can’t imagine my life without you in it. Couldn’t since I met you if I’m honest. You’re the most amazing being I have ever met… I… will you marry me and become Castiel Winchester?” He finished, tears threatening to spill over. His eyes were fixed on Cas’s as he pulled the box in front of him, opening it to reveal a silver band with a blue band in the middle. Cas just stared at him, his face a mix of love and adoration.
A few days passed and Castiel hadn't seen Dean. Bobby and Ellen had visited him and Sam brought him food or some of his favorite books, but Dean hadn't come. Cas could now sit up without having any pain and he was even able to walk a little with crutches of course. He spent a lot of time playing his guitar or scribbling song parts in his notebook. Since the fight, he had had nightmares every time he closed his eyes. He dreamt about Lucifer killing Dean, over and over again or being stabbed himself, waking up with phantom pains, his hands wandering to his wound.
“Well seems like your school has a really strict policy concerning clothes and if I hadn’t changed there would be
"Cas... I am so sorry. I didn't know. How could they do this to you and how could you come back here and pretend everything is fine." Cas didn't say anything. He just sat there, overwhelmed by all the memories he had just brought up. Dean's hand went to his chin and lightly pushed his head up, until blue eyes met green. Dean leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss onto Castiel's lips. Cas gave in and that kiss said everything he didn't want to say. Everything he was to afraid to say. All the tears and the pain. They pulled away and a sad smile formed on Castiel's lips.
and that I did it just to help myself to not feel bad. Maybe I did but you know what, I have at least told you about my past and about my feelings. You have been a closed book since we met and you say “Castiel’s voice broke as he said those words, tears filling his eyes. He was so angry right now. "Yes that's exactly what I think. I know life sucks, hell my life has been a mess as well but you know what I don't sit it my room whining about every little thing that happened to me". Dean was now totally furious, hands balled into fists next to his body. Cas filled with rage. "I don't believe you. After everything that happened this is what you think of me. That I am some kind of overreacting guy who whines about every little thing. Wow Dean I never thought that you, my boyfriend, would think that way but well, I was wrong. Get out, please". Dean didn't move. "GET OUT!" Cas screamed and Dean stormed out, slamming the door shut. The moment the door closed, Castiel broke out in tears. How could Dean think that about him. He had never thought that Dean would use his past against him, but obviously he was wrong. Dean was just like everybody else in his life, mean and pretentious. He grabbed the thing closest to him and threw it across the room. Only when the object hit the floor and scattered into a million pieces he realised he had grabbed the plate.
“We assume it is a ghost but this doesn’t make sense. The victims were killed after they got home and the ghost is bound to the bar since they didn’t take anything home with them.” Dean said with slight frustration. Gabe thought about it with a small frown.
Hey guys, again sorry that I haven't posted in so long but with this whole virus I didn't have time.
“For everything. For being there for me and helping me get through all of this,” he admitted in a husky and slightly slurred voice. Instead of answering Dean just pressed a kiss to Castiel’s lips before pulling away mumbling I love you against his lips. Dean had fallen asleep, his breath calm and even. Cas was sleepy himself but before he fell asleep he whispered I love you too into the silence.
“Dean are you in there?” he asked but he got no answer, so Cas tried to open the door but it was locked.
“No it’s fine. Sorry I was just thinking.” Forcing a smile, he stood up and pressed a kiss to Dean’s lips.
“You know how cheesy that sounded, right?” he asked teasingly. Before he could react, Dean was pressing his lips against his, tongue licking over his bottom lip. Castiel’s arms wrapped around Dean’s neck as he was softly laid down onto the sofa. Dean’s tongue slid into his mouth, circling his own, as they continued to kiss passionately. Dean started grinding against him, pressing their crotches together, both moaning at the friction. Castiel’s hand went to the other man's shirt, unbuttoning the first button, exposing his collarbone. Dean went on to kiss his jaw and then his neck, sucking hard.
to make it look okay.” He grumbled, attempting to tame it down again. Dean chuckled and turned Cas around in his arms so that he could kiss him gently.
They were sent outside after some more formalities were discussed so that the jury could think about their decision. Cas stood up and ran into Dean’s arms, letting him pull Cas into a tight hug.
She just replied with a heart smiley. A few minutes later Cas heard the rumble of the Impala and left his apartment. He entered the sleek, black car, a smile still on his face which Dean instantly noticed.
“Cas please, do it for me” Dean pleaded, trying his best puppy-face. Cas had to admit that he couldn’t argue with that and that he knew how stubborn Dean could be, so he put his wallet back into his pocket, letting Dean pay. They left the diner running to Baby. It had started to rain heavily and even though they were quick, the two boys entered the car, almost soaking wet. Inside the Impala they burst out into laughter both of them had no idea what they were laughing about but it didn't matter, because they were together.
“If you don’t want to do this we can stop at any time. You just have to tell me. I won’t be mad at you or something,” Dean told him sincerely.
“This doesn’t make any sense, we burned the body,” Cas said with a frown. Why were people still being killed? Maybe there had been two ghosts?
“No further questions your honor” Gabe said, confidently walking back to their table. Cas looked at him with wide eyes. How could he stay so calm and collected Castiel wondered.
“Fine, you can come but don’t do anything stupid.” He warned her. Charlie beamed at him and then bounced out of the room to go get ready. Dean shook his head and got ready himself.
“Castiel would you like to start?” she asked  him. Cas looked at her nodding before locking eyes with Dean.
Back at the hotel, they went to bed almost immediately, both exhausted from the flight and their activities. The next day went by the same, just visiting famous places and walking through the beautiful city, enjoying the sun and the freedom the city seemed to radiate.
“You ready Sammy?” Dean asked his little brother who was waiting, sitting on the couch, one of the books Cas had given him for Christmas in hand.
“Well, I was hoping it would happen,” he admitted with a sheepish grin. He settled between Castiel’s legs again, opening the bottle and squeezing a generous amount onto his fingers before circling Castiel’s entrance.
“Oh shut up,” Dean said as he opened the door and led Cas outside. The cool summer air hit the blue-eyed boys face as he tried not to stumble over his own feet.
candy was and that he would ask Gabe what he thought about it since he had a sweet tooth for pretty much everything.
When he woke up again, his head was acheing. He tried to open his eyes but the light was too bright. He tried to move but everything hurt. Castiel's throat felt dry. He wasn't able to speak and when he tried to, the only thing that happened was that a strangled sound escaped his mouth. He drifted back into sleep.
He wanted to do a good job on that exam and so he buried his face in books and notes. he had been studying for a few hours, notebooks and flashcards spread across his floor and bed, together with open textbooks and loose sheets of paper. His eyes were hurting and he could barely concentrate anymore but he tried to ignore those factors. He needed this grade and he wasn't going to fail this test or this class. A knock on the door pulled his attention away from the textbook he was reading and towards the door. "Come in," he said. He hadn't locked his door. Dean entered his apartment and walked towards him, leaving his jacket in the hallway. "Hey what are you doing?" he asked and sat down next to him. "Well my professor told us today that tomorrow we are going to write an exam that will make up 20% of our final grade,” Cas said not even looking up from his textbook. "Jerk" was Dean's only response. "I thought that we could watch a movie or something but looks like you have other plans".
“Our school likes rules and if these are broken, there will be consequences. One of our rules concerns the appearance of our students,” he said. He paused as to look for the right words.
“Hey, you ready?” he asked and Cas nodded, grabbing his phone and pushing it into the pocket of his pants. The ride was silent, only the hum of the Impala's engine and the soft music, filled the small room of the car. Cas looked over at Dean and saw that he was gripping the steering wheel so tight that his knuckles were turning white.
“Okay guys calm down,” Dean said before Charlie could say something else, “first of all, this Roman is a jerk He clearly doesn’t respect anything that’s not
“Yes, I’ll be done in the bathroom in a bit, then you can shower too if you want.” He said shyly before he turned and walked back inside the room to get dressed.
“Could you refill my cup, please?” she asked, leaving Cas with an annoyed expression. The rest of the group started laughing and even Cas couldn’t suppress a chuckle.
Each side took their places, Dean staying behind with the others after placing a kiss to Castiel’s cheek and telling him that he’ll be right there. After the formalities took place it was time for them to call their first witness.
The next weeks passed pretty fast. Castiel had a lot of school work to do, which is why he spent less time with Dean. Their relationship had been stronger than ever. Everything was going fine. On Monday he met with Dean after school to study at his apartment. They tried to study but ended up sitting on Castiel's bed and listening to music. Dean had put together a playlist on Castiel's spotify a few weeks ago, which Cas had been listening to ever since. He loved the playlist. He loved the way Dean was stroking his hair as he laid on his chest. He wanted to stay in that moment forever.
“I know it sucks but at least we can enjoy the last night here,” Dean told him with a sheepish grin. Cas nodded in agreement before taking another sip from his drink. They were waiting for a taxi, Cas leaning against Dean, his suit jacket slung tightly around him, regretting not having brought a warmer one.
They arrived back almost at 1am, Cas deciding to stay at Dean's place so that they could leave soon the next day for court. They both had classes but obviously, they wouldn't go. They made ready for bed and then they crawled into bed. The room was dark and Cas wasn't facing Dean and was rather turned to the other direction, playing with the sleeve of his shirt. He always wore long sleeved shirts when he was sleeping, no matter which season it was or how warm it was outside. he hated the scars on his arms and he tried to cover them up whenever he could.
"I mean, Gabe has been pining over Sam for years. Not that Sam is any better but I never thought he’d actually go for it. I’m more surprised with Sammy though. I always thought he was oblivious to Gabe’s flirting and that he never took it seriously or that Gabe would actually be into him. It was getting so annoying, seeing them pine for each other but neither doing anything about it.” He concluded. Cas just nodded in understanding, remembering the years of pining between their brothers and how it had gotten almost insufferable. Neither of them realising how similar Dean’s words were to their own story.
The three hours and forty-five minute flight went by faster than they expected. Castiel slept most of the flight and when he was awake, he read or listened to music together with Dean. Arriving at Los Angeles they took their luggage and went outside, finding a taxi pretty quickly, telling the driver where to go.
It was the last day of university and in a few hours Cas would be sitting in the passenger's seat of the Impala, on his way to the coast. Castiel could hardly concentrate on his professor on his last class of the year, as he told them something about Shakespeare's style of poems. When the bell rang he quickly packed his stuff and almost ran out of class, not caring about what his professor was saying.
“Well, he just told me to be there for you because it’s going to be hard for you.” Castiel’s smile widened a little when he saw Dean blushing slightly.
The door of the room where the photos would be taken opened and a friendly looking woman stepped outside. “Hello, I’m Mrs. Paulsen. Sir, when you’re ready you can come in.”
After a few more hours of Castiel studying and Dean either looking at him or doing stuff for university himself, they got ready to go. During the ride, their hands were almost always intertwined, except when Dean had to change gear. Dean dropped Cas off and then drove away, after giving him a quick kiss. Cas was anxious about this exam. He wasn't really good at history and so he was even more anxious that he would normally be. He had heard that this professor is one of the most strict teachers. Cas had the feeling that this teacher had something against him for some reason. Every time Castiel would ask him something after the lesson, he would always be really short in his answers or kind of rude, so Cas really wanted to succeed in this exam.
“That sucks but you’ll get through this,” he assured his younger brother. After dinner, Cas went upstairs and put the black hair dye into his hair. While it was getting absorbed, he removed the nail polish on his nails. The water in the shower was black, swirling around on the floor. When Cas looked at himself in the mirror, he felt weird. He hadn’t seen himself without dyed hair in almost three years and now it was like looking at a stranger. His eyes drifted off to the tattoos on his skin. He had gotten his first one on his wrist after his brother had died. It was a dark chapter in his life he didn’t want to think about. He quickly averted his gaze and instead made his way into his bedroom to get dressed and go to bed.
“I don’t know” Cas confessed, leaning against Dean’s shoulder, “what if they decide that they aren’t guilty?” he asked unsurely. Dean shifted a little so that he could have a better look at Castiel.
“Just behave yourself,” Jo said, looking now at Cas, a sheepish grin on her lips. Castiel raised an eyebrow as he waited for her to say something.
The next day they went down to the police station, to file a lawsuit against Lucifer. They had to fill out the standard paperwork before they could fill out the lawsuit for verbal, mental and physical abuse and domestic violence. The person that helped them was really friendly and tried her best so that both of them understood what they had to do and what would happen after they filled legal action. They finished around lunch time and then went to the nearest burger place to grab something to eat. Dean was happily eating his burger while Cas was just looking at his food without really eating it. "Hey what's going on" Dean asked. "Nothing" Cas lied and Dean put his burger down, sighting. "You know I can tell when you are lying and you know that I'm not gonna leave you alone until you tell me what's going on". Cas fidgeted with the hem of his sleeve before saying something. "I am worried about the lawsuit" Cas said finally. "Don't worry everything will turn out fine and even if it doesn't you still did the right thing. I know they are family but family doesn't treat you like that" Dean reached over the table and took Castiel's hand into his. "You are probably right". "Of course I am, and now eat your food" dean said happily and continued eating. After that Cas didn't think about it anymore and instead focused on having a nice time with his boyfriend.
“Heya Dean-o.” Gabe greeted as he placed two bags onto the small table inside the room, mostly cramped with books and newspaper articles.
“Hey, what got you into such a good mood?” he asked, standing up and kissing Dean when he was close enough. The other man leaned into the kiss, his hand wandering to Castiel’s cheek.
It was afternoon and nobody had visited him today. Sam had come this morning with breakfast but that was it. He stood up slowly, taking his crutches and walked towards the door. He opened it and walked towards the kitchen to make himself something to eat. The house, if you could call it that with its industrial walls and it's small, cell like rooms, which reminded Castiel of hospital rooms, was quiet. He was alone he thought as he went to the refrigerator and got himself some leftovers. He put the bowl with the food into the microwave and sat down, waiting for the ringing of the bell. He heard a door open but didn't look up from where he was looking at his hands. "Hey" a shy voice said and Castiel practically jumped, not having heard someone approach. Dean was standing in front of him, awkwardly leaning against the doorframe. "Hey" Cas said back. "How are you Cas" Dean asked. "I am fine" Cas said harsher than he wanted to. "Look Cas I am sorry I..." Dean was cut of by Castiel's voice "No Dean I am sorry. While I was alone I had a lot of time to think. I shouldn't have acted out like that. You were only trying to protect me and I was a complete ass about it" Cas said, not really looking at Dean. Dean approached him, sitting across from him. "Cas you don't have to apologize for anything. I was the one who overreacted. It's just that I was so scared that you got hurt and that it was all my fault and that it happened under my watch and that I couldn't take care of you those last days because we had fought and..." Dean trailed off, not noticing that some tears were running down his face.
"So what do you think about my room" Dean asked and pulled Castiel's attention back to him. A smile spread across his face before he said "I really like it Dean. It's beautiful". Dean's hand cupped his face and pulled him into a soft kiss. Dean's lips were soft and warm. Cas pulled away and immediately regretted it, missing the warmth already. They took off their jackets and shoes and then started undressing further. Cas went to his bag to grab a shirt to sleep in but then he remembered that all of his shirts were dirty. He stared at his bag without moving. "What's going on" Dean asked while taking off his jeans. "I don't have a clean shirt to sleep in" Cas said shyly, blushing slightly. Dean approached him and wrapped his arms around him. "You don't need a shirt" he said in a low voice, a grin spreading across his face. "I know but I would feel more comfortable" he said still not looking into Dean's eyes. Dean put a finger underneath Castiel's chin and made Castiel look at him. When his eyes met Dean's he couldn't stop himself from staring into those green eyes. He leaned in closer and gave Dean another kiss. They mouths melted together and Dean's arms around his neck tightened as he pulled him even closer. They separated again and Dean said with a slight smirk "Fine you can have on of my shirts" and went to one of his drawers and pulled one out.
“Yes. I was just thinking about the case. I’ll go pack, see you later.” He said and left. Dean raised a brow at the weird behaviour but didn’t think anything of it. Cas was an odd one at times. Instead, he walked into the map room where he found Charlie, slaying some monsters in a video game.
“Of course I am. I’ve never been anywhere else except for the towns near Kansas. My parents never allowed me to travel much and they didn’t either so I haven’t seen a lot of the world, yet,” Cas said, the slightest bit of melancholy in his voice.
“Yes, Cas I am and stop doubting everything I say,” Dean said. A smile started playing at the corners of his mouth as he leaned down and captured Castiel’s lips once again, pulling him closer. It was a softer kiss than before but it had the same amount of passion in it like all the previous ones.
“Can I touch you?” he asked softly and Cas just nodded, not trusting himself to speak. By Dean’s touch, Cas shivered a little but he didn’t pull away and instead let the boy in front of him brush lightly against his skin, just as he had done a few moments ago. Dean’s fingers traced over his neck and then went to his arms which were full of scars. Some of them he had gotten from his bullies in school and his brother, and some from self-harming.
"Come in guys we can talk inside," Castiel's brother said, opening the door, even more, to let them in.
After they cleaned up if you could call it that, with Dean always trying to distract Cas, they went upstairs and started packing. They decided that they wouldn't stay any longer. "Hey, Dean," Cas said, packing away a t-shirt, "Yes". "We need to talk about last night. I feel like something is bothering you". Dean let his bag drop to the floor and sat down on the edge of the bed. Cas joined him and they sat in silence for a few moments. "Look Cas, what I said last night..." he stopped to gather his thoughts "I was really wasted and I didn't want to tell you like that. I wanted to be sober and actually remember what your reaction was and... and I am sorry I just started rambling and..." Dean started to drift off, losing himself in his thoughts. Cas laid a hand on his shoulder which made Dean look at him. "It's okay Dean, don't worry. I know you wanted to be sober but still, you didn't force this onto me. I would have liked it if you hadn't needed alcohol to open up but I appreciate it anyways" Cas stopped and looked into Dean's eyes. "I'll tell you what I told you yesterday. I'll always be there for you no matter what. I know I can't change what happened but I can be there for you in the future and don't you
“We should celebrate,” Dorothy told them and before they knew it, each of them had downed at least three beers. Their friends left a few hours later, Jo thanking Dean again for his offer. Closing the door, Cas leaned against it, exhausted. Dean walked up to him one arm next to Castiel’s head as he looked down at him, a smirk on his lips.
Dean was sitting in his impala, Led Zeppelins Ramble on playing out of the stereo, as he thought about that boy. The one we gave his number too and who he hoped would send him a text. When he arrived at his apartment, it was small but he loved it. He always shared a room with his brother, whom he loved, but now he could decorate it the way he wanted. He sat on his bed and tuned the TV on. He was switching channels when suddenly his phone vibrated. He looked at the screen and a number appeared on the screen. The text just said
"Why?" Gabriel asked and then Cas told him everything. About his "outing", how his father and brother started abusing him, about high school, and of course about the last few weeks. When he finished, hours had passed and his brother hadn't interrupted him, he had tears in his eyes and his breath was faster than normal. He was holding Dean's hand, they fingers intertwined.
"So... will you help us?" he asked. Gabe looked up with an expression on his face, Cas couldn't read.
When Cas woke up the next morning, Dean was still next to him, an arm slung around his waist and he had to smile by the thought that Dean hadn’t left him. He stood up slowly, not wanting to wake up his boyfriend and went to the bathroom to take a quick shower. When he got out of the shower he put on a pair of sweatpants and a long-sleeved shirt and went to make breakfast. Dean came into the kitchen a few minutes later, his hair messy, rubbing his eyes tiredly.
Dean pulled him close by his tie before crushing their lips together, hands flying up to Castiel’s sides. Cas leaned into the kiss, hands wandering to Dean’s suit jacket, helping him get rid of it, never breaking their kiss.
"Well," Dean began, "I thought we could watch the shining." Castiel's stomach tightened a little. He had never been a big thriller-lover.
“Who knew we could have had this months, hell, maybe years ago.” He commented. “We really are dumbasses.”
“Yeah? And what would that be? He didn’t leave a note or something and he is not answering his phone.” Dean growled. Cas frowned and walked past him to his own phone, turning it on. He had a message from Gabe.
Dean’s smile grew even wider and with an innocent look on his face he said “Maybe”. Cas smiled at that as well and without saying another word, Dean took his hand and led him into the bedroom.
"We don't have to I mean we could watch something else." Dean was so unsure of himself, it was kind of cute.
“Cas, I would be honored to take this case. I can’t guarantee anything, at least not yet but I will try my best. Just keep in mind that this could take some time and that I would need to be informed about some private experiences Sam and Dean had, that maybe they aren’t ready to tell,” he told all of them, looking first at Sam and then at Dean.
After checking in and getting a few weird and judging glances from the girl at the checkin counter, they were sitting at a caffe, Cas finally ordering a cappuccino. He was so eager to drink the brown liquid that he burned his tongue, making a pained expression.
“And now,” the officiant said, making Cas look back at her, ”Castiel, do you take Dean to be your husband? Do you promise to love, honor, cherish, and protect him, forsaking all others, and holding only unto him forevermore?” she asked Cas.
“God I love you,” Dean said between kisses, as he shrugged of Castiel’s jacket. Castiel’s tongue plunged into the green-eyed boys mouth, drawing a moan from him. Soon they had gotten rid of most of their clothes, Cas on top of Dean, only in his boxers. Dean’s hands wandered to the waistband of his shorts but Cas stopped him,  grabbing his wrist.
When they sat at the table there was silence for some time. Dean took this time to look at the man across from him. His black hair which was a little messy, his soft lips and of course those beautiful blue eyes. Dean collected himself and finally broke the silence. “So Castiel, I hoped I wasn't too pushy with that coffee. I don't usually do that" Dean hoped that he hadn't crossed any boundaries. “No it was fine. It was kinda nice" Castiel said and Dean let out a slow, but deep breath, one he didn't know he was holding in. He asked Castiel about his name and his family. He talked about Sammy and then their conversation went on for a long time. They talked about school, family and pretty much everything. They hadn't realized how fast the time flew by and when they finally left the shop it was almost 5pm.
Dean moaned especially loud when Cas kissed the crook of his neck, which made Castiel suck at it harder, drawing another moan from the man beneath him. Hands were lightly scratching over the blue-eyed boys back, leaving red marks. Castiel suddenly felt the mattress underneath him before he realised that Dean had flipped them over again. Dean continued to trail kisses down Castiel’s chest until he had settled between his legs, hands wandering to the hem of the blue-eyed boys pants. Green eyes met blue, asking for permission. Cas nodded before lifting his hips in order to help Dean get his trousers off. With only slight hesitation Castiel’s pants landed on the ground.
“Come on,” she whined, “I promise I’ll stay at the motel when you go out, I just don’t wanna be here, completely unable to do anything. Please?” She asked, using her best puppy dog eyes. Dean knew the feeling she was talking about. Being close to people, even if you know you can’t do anything, eases one’s anxiety. He sighed.
“Ok your turn,” he said happily. Cas looked down at his lap taking the present and tearing open the paper. Inside was a book. He must have looked as confused as Dean because the boy next to him said teasingly.
When they saw Dean they each took a turn and hugged him as well. Dean ruffled Sam’s hair and they all sat down in his living room. They soon started talking about different topics; Crowley was telling Sam about the road trip he had done last summer across the country and Sam listened interestedly. Even Dean looked interested in what he was talking about. Cas had made some cookies and coffee and tea for everybody and they were laughing and telling stories in his living room. Dean actually looked happy and the same goes for Sam, who was laughing as well, holding his girlfriend in his arms.
"I am proud of you" he whispered against his lips before kissing him again softly. Castiel smiled against Dean's lips before he broke the kiss and they exited the room. In the hallway, they thanked Gabe and were about to leave when his family exited the room as well and walked towards them.
Cas reached out a hand and touched the side of Dean’s face, the other man leaning into the touch. “No, I am not mad at you”.
“Dean, stop,” Cas said a little louder this time but his boyfriend just continued to kiss his neck and pulling up his shirt until it was almost revealing his entire torso.
The next day Dean had to leave at around 10 am to go grocery shopping for his house. Cas did some cleaning up to distract himself from his nervousness about later today. He had never shown anybody his scars and he still hated them; he hated what they represented and how he had gotten them.
“What?” he asked looking over at Dean. The other boy was wearing a black suit as well with a black and white striped tie.
When Dean laid eyes on Cas, his throat dried up; he was wearing a black button-up with the first three buttons undone, paired with dark blue jeans and a red tie, loosely around his neck. His hair was even messier than usual. All in all, he looked like a wet dream come true. He cleared his throat, ignoring the knowing smirk Gabe shot him.
"That you Sam this is really sweet of you. I know that Dean would do anything for the ones he loves. That's one of the reasons I fell in love for him..." Cas said, a blush creeping up his face "and I would do the same for him. I did and I have to admit that I can be just as stubborn when it comes to my family, well whatever is left of it..." Sam cut him off "Don't worry Cas, we are your family now and we would do anything for you. But can you promise me one thing" Sam said, not looking at Castiel. "Sure what is it" Cas said. "Can you please promise me that you won't leave Dean because it would break him. I know he plays tough and everything but he is just a man and he wouldn't survive it. I see how he looks at you when he thinks nobody is looking. He hasn't been that happy since mom..." Sam stopped catching himself before adding " If you break his heart, I will beat you up, or if I don't Bobby and Ellen will" he said and both men laughed. "Trust me I will never leave him. I couldn't" Sam stood up and walked towards the door, before Cas said "Oh and Sam, could you maybe bring me my guitar. Since I can't get out of bed, I would have at least something to do" Cas said with a smile and Sam nodded before leaving the room, closing the door behind him.
Their friends left a little before midnight. Dean would stay at Castiel’s apartment again and Sam would sleep at Kevin’s. Cowley had offered to drive them back and so they left Castiel’s house, hugging Dean a little longer than necessary.
‘Damn it! Great job, Winchester.’ Dean cussed at himself. He had almost drooled when he saw Cas in just a towel. Luckily he had also been pissed and worried so he could get his mind off of it. That was until the problem was solved and Dean had to try really hard not to stare at the bare chest of his friend. After all, he knew that Cas wasn’t interested in him. Why should he want something from a pathetic human like him?
“It’s alright, sweetheart. Now, how about you get us back to the motel, hm?” He smirked. Cas seemed to catch on and took Dean’s hand into his before he zapped them back.
They cuddled for some time before they fell asleep, both of them exhausted from the fight and the trip. The next days they spent watching TV and doing their essays for university. It was a nice contrast to the last weeks. The first day of university they had to wake up at around 6:30am. Dean made breakfast for them and even a healthier version for Sammy. He was in a good mood, which was probably because John wasn't around. Cas woke up a bit later and after he took a shower and after that put on one of Dean's shirts. He walked downstairs, hair still wet and hugged Dean from behind. He put his head on his shoulder. Dean pressed a kiss against his damp hair and then Dean looked closely at Cas. A smirk spread across his lips.
One week until Castiel has to face his family. One week until he has to live though his past again. One week until everything is going to change...
Taking another deep breath he exited his car and walked up to the tall building. Nobody was outside since it was stormy and it had started raining. Cas entered and took off his hoodie. Several pairs of eyes fell onto him and he already knew why; he wasn’t like the other kids. They were all nicely dressed with combed-back hair and expensive clothes. Cas on the other hand had messy black hair with blue tips, a shirt with a skull on it and on top a black leather jacket with random pins and quotes all over it, ripped black jeans and black boots. He had several tattoos covering his body which luckily weren’t visible. Cas had also several piercings beginning from a helix on his ear, over one on his eyebrow to one on his lower lip and to top it all off he had painted his fingernails black, except for his middle finger which was the same color as his hair.
Gabe thought about this new information for a few moments, the whole group waiting in anticipation, before clearing his throat.
Holy shit guys so this is the last chapter of my story (without the epilogue). I am so grateful that I actually got to finish this story because of all of you guys so a massive thank you for that.
It was his first week at Kansan University and Castiel Novak had already a crush on the new guy. Castiel was a smart guy, with beautiful blue eyes and dark hair. He was never an outgoing person and the fact that he used to be bullied in school because of his sexuality, didn't help either. He never had many friends. His only friend was Anna Milton. She was a nice girl, with long red hair. Anna was the only one who knew about Castiel's secret and he would like it to stay that way.
I remember that once you said that you must be cursed because nothing good ever happens to you. Back then I didn’t know how to respond but now I do; I’d rather have you, cursed or not, than anybody else. You make me a better person and for that I wanted to thank you. I need you and I’ll never leave you.
,” he said annoyed and the other boy laughed. He had a really nice smile and the sound of his laughter was happy and bright.
“About when we first met,” he said, “how did you know that I liked boys?” Dean suddenly looked embarrassed a blush creeping up his face.
apologize for trusting people enough, to tell them how you feel. And especially not to me" Cas leaned forward and kissed Dean. It was a soft kiss and when they broke apart Dean whispered "I love you" before kissing Cas more passionately.
Dean’s lips were so soft and Castiel let his tongue wander I’ve them, before entering Dean’s mouth. They were so caught up with themselves, that they didn’t hear Sam entering the kitchen. He cleared his throat and they broke away, both flustered and breathing heavily from their kissing, a few seconds earlier. They both didn’t look Sam in the eyes and just sat down at the table. They had a light conversation about what they had to do today and if Cas would continue staying with them. Cas had to admit that he hadn’t thought about it yet but he wanted to go to his apartment for a few days and take care of a few things.
When Cas woke up the next morning, Dean was still sleeping peacefully next to him. He looked at the clock on the nightstand; it was almost 10 AM. Cas shifted slightly snuggling closer towards Dean. Cas would have never thought that he could finally be happy. Be allowed to be in
“I’m proud of you” he whispered so that only Castiel could hear it and Cas smiled against his shoulder. Yes, Cas was proud of himself too for finally taking actions against his abusive family. They sat outside with their friends talking, Cas didn’t say much as he was too nervous to really focus on the discussion anyway. His thoughts kept wandering off as he tried to focus on anything that didn’t involve his parents but it wasn’t easy for him. His heart had slowed down a little and the lump in his throat had disappeared almost completely.
“No, he isn’t. He has always looked and slept with women, he hasn’t even commented on a man’s appearance before.” Gabe shook his head but knew that right now there was no way Cas would listen. He needed another plan.
"Because I should be happy that we can go to trial but Lucifer's words keep replaying in my head. What if we really don't have any proof. I mean yeah it was enough to convince the judge but a jury? I don't know and what if we lose and I don’t want to have to talk about my scars and..." he kept rambling until Dean put a finger on Castiel's lips, silencing him. Cas stopped talking and looked at Dean who was smiling softly.
In Castile’s room, they put everything he needed into a duffle bag. As they walked down the stairs to leave, Castile’s heart was pounding. He wanted to get out of there as fast as possible and without seeing his brother again, but that wouldn't work. They were both putting on their jackets, when Lucifer made his way up to them. "Where are you two going" he asked and Castiel's heart started racing even faster. "None of your business" Dean snapped. "It is my business where by brother is going" he said. "I am not allowing you to leave Castiel". Dean let out a sarcastic laugh. "Yea is that so. Why so you can continue to abuse him and if you haven't been paying attention, your father threw him out." Lucifer took another step forward and Cas backed up closer to the door. He didn't want another fight. He just wanted to get out of there and never come back. "Dean..." he whispered but Dean didn't hear him. "Dean, please stop" he said but again, nobody heard him. Dean's hands were clenched into fists by now. "You don't get to tell me what I can and can't do with my brother" Lucifer spit back. "It looks like I can" Dean said. They started moving closer and before he could do anything, a fist collided with skin. Lucifer had attacked Dean.
" from Dean. Suddenly a feeling of safety swepped through his body. He breathed in Dean's scent and after he stood in his room without doing anything for some time, he left his room and went to the kitchen.
“I wanted to let you know how this could play out. There are two possibilities; we either win, which of course would be awesome, meaning that the evidence we will present, together with the witnesses we will be questioning, will convince the jury. If this happens,” he said looking at Cas, “you need to be prepared for what will happen next. Mom will be charged with complicity in physical and mental abuse, which means that she may have to go to prison or she will be on probation. Dad and Lucifer on the other hand…” he started, gathering his thoughts and looking between them, fixing his gaze on Cas again, “they would be charged with abuse and will definitely go to prison.”
“How did you sleep?” Sam asked casually. Cas could feel a blush creep up his neck and when he looked over to Dean, his cheeks were reddening as well. Without looking his brother in the eyes he said,
The leaves and branches that had already fallen to the ground were breaking underneath his heavy, leather boots. It was a quiet day and he quickly found a spot where he could be alone. He needed to just think about stuff without getting interrupted. Castiel sat down on the dry ground, he was lucky it hadn’t rained yesterday like it was supposed to and leaned his upper body against the trunk of a tree. Cas liked just sitting on the ground surrounded by trees and breathing in the cold air. He liked this place because nobody knew it and he could think without getting interrupted.
“Did he though?” he asked cockily before he brushed over Castiel’s jaw and continued downwards stopping at his neck, resuming on sucking a light bruise into his skin. They eventually fell asleep, limbs entangled, and Castiel’s head resting on Dean’s chest.
“Sounds great, Sammy, I’ll go take a shower,” Dean stood and left, not noticing the confused glace the other two exchanged.
Castiel was sitting in his car trying to calm his nerves. It was his first day at this new school and even though he has never been nervous before, especially when going to a new school, he was today. This school was a really expensive one and his brother had to work a lot to be able to afford for him to go and that’s why he didn’t want to fuck it up.
“You’re welcome, honeybee.” He said when Cas finally pulled away a bit. “So, you want to kiss or actually eat something?” Dean teased. Cas bit his lip but sat down on the chair Dean pulled back for him. They both plated a bit of everything on their plates and started eating. Dean had to admit, Gabe had gone all out with the preparations and the food was delicious.
“Cas wake up,” Dean’s voice said, gently shaking Castiel’s shoulder. The blue-eyed boy hadn’t noticed that he had fallen back asleep and turned around to look at Dean who was now sitting up, a soft smile on his lips.
“Yea it’s just a little cold,” the blue-eyed boy admitted with a small smile. Dean looked at him for a few more seconds before shrugging of his coat and offering it to Cas.
The next few weeks went by pretty quickly; Cas had a lot to do for university and he had gotten the job at the coffee shop, which kept him fairly  busy. He still spent a lot of time with Dean. They had grown closer with Anna’s friends and Castiel was now able to call them his friends as well. They spent a lot of time hanging out in bars or coffee shops since it was winter and still pretty cold outside.
“So bad huh?” he asked sitting down next to his brother. The blue-eyed boy took a big swing of his beer before answering.
“Okay everybody will come at around 6:30 pm,” Dean said. Cas looked over to him, rattled form Dean’s voice. Dean quickly glanced at him, furrowing his brow.
“I’ll go take a shower. We leave in thirty?” He asked and got a few nods in response. Quickly, he made his way to the bathroom, sighing once he was inside.
“If that was the case then where did he got this scar from?” Castiel’s brother asked before a picture of the big, faded scar appeared on a monitor. Cas heard a few people gasp and even he took in a sharp breath from seeing the image. He hadn’t seen the wound in such a long time, at least not fully, only parts of it in the mirror and even then, he tried to avoid it whenever he could. This scar bore one of his most painful memories. It was the reason why everything fell apart so many years ago. He still remembered the day, like it only happened yesterday.
The moment Dean closed the hotel room door, Cas pushed him against it crushing their lips together. Dean melted into the kiss, his tongue plunging into Castiel's mouth exploring it. Castiel’s hand combed through his hair, pulling him even closer, Dean’s hands resting on his hips. A soft moan escaped Dean’s mouth as Cas pushed him even harder against the door. Dean broke off their kiss, looking into Castiel’s eyes.
“Hey!” Cas said making his way towards them. Alastair turned his head towards him, his smile falling a little.
“What?” Dean asked confused but before he could answer, Cas had him pinned against the nearest wall, hands held above his head. Dean’s breath sped up. He loved when Cas got all rough with him. His angel let his lips ghost over his before he kissed to the soft spot behind his ear, letting his breath caress Dean’s skin before he whispered into his ear.
He was taken back to reality when Anna grabbed his phone out of his hands and started typing something. „what are you doing?" Cas asked. „I am writing your hot campus guy" she replied. Castiel tried to get his phone back but she had pushed sent before he could get it. He heard the sound of the message being sent and fell back into the pillows. „what did you do? Now he is going to think that I am pathetic for falling for his trick" he said wanting to die out of shame. „Relax Cassie" she said „I just wrote hey. I don't think it’s that bad. „Anna said with a grin on her lips.
“You are beautiful as well,” Cas said and his smile widened. Dean continued tracing his skin and soon he shifted so that he was sitting behind Castiel, his fingers gliding over his shoulders and down his back. His hand stopped at the big scar on his back, soft fingers touching it lightly.
which was about his abusive past and also about the time he had met Dean. He changed the names and a few other things but tried to keep it as real as possible. Garth had also given him the coffee shop after he decided to live with his girlfriend. Dean had opened up his own garage together with Ash. It was called
“Alright, you said we leave in thirty?” He asked and Dean nodded. Sam turned and left, leaving Cas and Dean alone again.
“So I have some good news. The last weeks, almost directly after the trial, I started getting the custody for our brothers in motion. So today I got a phone call saying that we did it and they can start living with me,” he said happily. Castiel’s eyes widened from excitement and a grin spread across his face.
"You can go but your brother stays". Cas glanced at Sam, who was standing next to him and saw the younger Winchesters body tighten.
Cas had to admit that it looked really damn hot and he wanted nothing more than to take that apron off but his thoughts disappeared when he saw Sam sitting at the kitchen table, a book in hand.
Cas was so happy to be able to call Dean his boyfriend. Dean was his and nobody could take that away from him. He felt like the luckiest guy on the planet.
“Morning” Cas said back turning so that he could give Dean a kiss on the cheek before continuing to prepare the pancakes. They sat on the couch, each of them a plate with a few pancakes in his hand and turned on the tv. Castiel’s phone vibrated and he took it, quickly looking at the screen before pressing the green button.
. They stared at each other for a while until Dean couldn't take it anymore. „So Castiel, what would you say we go grab a coffee". Castiel agreed and so they found themselves entering a coffee shop not far from the supermarket. Castiel ordered a cappuccino and Dean a black coffee.
It was December 23rd and Cas was packing his backpack he would take to Dean’s house when his phone rang and Gabriel's name popped up on the screen.
Dean thought as he stood up and walked in front of Cas before dropping to one knee in front of him, the small box clutched in his hand.
He went back to his room, only to find it empty. He freaked for a second before he heard noises coming out of his bathroom. He walked slowly towards it and knocked on the door.
“Are you sure?” he asked kissing Castiel’s neck again. Castiel mumbled a yes but didn’t move. Dean pulled away completely now, looking at Cas. He smiled
Dean grabbed a sandwich but he didn’t take a bite but instead continued to look at the television absently. Cas put his own plate down and reached out touching Dean’s arm softly.
“I… might have taken my polaroid camera with me.” He admitted, opening the trunk and taking the camera out of his duffle with a strong blush on his cheeks. He set it on Baby’s roof and pressed the self-timer on 10 seconds before standing next to Cas, both looking into each other’s eyes with love. When the flash went off, neither looked away and instead leaned forward, their lips pressed to one another, the second flash going off. Cas cupped Dean’s cheek and deepened the kiss, slipping his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Dean let him and instead put his hands on Cas’ slip hips, holding him close while he let the angel devour him.
“Well, Cassie here said he needed help with a case so I decided that I don’t want to leave my baby bro hanging.” He said and snapped his fingers, a lollipop appearing in his hand and he popped it into his mouth.
“Your appearance isn’t quite...appropriate according to the school rules. For example, the dyed hair; it isn’t against school regulations for students to have colored hair but only natural colors. This would mean that you have to dye them another color.  Furthermore, the outfit; we don’t allow students to wear ripped clothes or with… provocative designs and quotes on them. And the last part would be accessories such as piercing since-”
Cas repeated the word in his head. Cas was Dean's boyfriend. He stood there for a few seconds before sighting and moving towards the booth. They took four pictures. The first three were just them messing around and on the last one (they both knew how cliché it was) kissed. They exited the booth giggling and waited for the pictures to be printed. Dean took them and they both looked at them. Dean put the pictures in his pocket and walked towards the exit.
“I am sorry to crush your bubble Mr. Foster but we do have evidence concerning the matter and if this got to trial we would be more than willing to share this information.”
“May I?” he asked looking into blue eyes. the other boy just nodded before Dean pulled his shirt up and over his head.
Sorry guys that it took me so long to upload but with Christmas around it was hard to find time to write. I hope you like this chapter.
They entered a big foyer with a huge staircase that leads to the first floor. It had a big chandelier hanging from the ceiling and a few pictures graced the walls. As they entered the living room Cas was amazed by it. The room was filled with a lot of bookshelves all around the walls. A big coffee table was in the middle of the room with two armchairs in a navy blue color. The same blue as the sofa which was next to one of the armchairs.
After they were gone, and Bobby had looked at his wound, it would definitely leave a scar, Cas took his phone. He had a few missed calls from Anna but he ignored them. He opened spotify and went onto the playlist Dean had made for them. He pressed shuffle and let
Cas relaxed slightly, happy that Dean didn’t mention his scars, and decided that Dean was right. He wouldn't let his brother bring him down anymore. The waitress came back with their orders, a friendly smile on her lips when she laid the plates down in front of them telling them to enjoy their meal before she left again.
They sat down in the living room, Cas and Dean next to each other on the sofa, an appropriate amount of space between them and Gabriel across from them on one of the chairs. They started having a casual conversation, small talk mostly before Gabriel said: "So you wanted to talk to me". Cas nodded.
"Do you really think you will win this" Lucifer asked angrily. Cas only hesitated for a moment before saying confidently
“Dean… you might not believe me when I say that I fell for you the moment I rescued you from hell and rebuild your soul, but I did. You are the most beautiful person I ever had the privilege of knowing and I can’t imagine my life without you.” He opened the box to reveal a silver ring as well with an intricate muster etched into it. Although what caught Dean’s attention was that it didn’t have a stone in it; instead a blue-ish light was flowing through it.
Dean parked in front of his house, taking Castiel’s bag from the trunk and going inside, followed by Castiel. Sam was sitting in the kitchen with one of his friends, Kevin if Cas remembered correctly, and after they greeted each other, they headed to Dean’s room. They spent the rest of the day listening to music, mostly their Spotify playlist, and talking about just everything and anything. It was a great day and Cas was feeling so relaxed and happy that he was able to spend some quality time with Dean.
“I won’t tell you Cas.” Dean started smiling when he looked over and saw Cas trying to make his best puppy face.
“I know we said no gifts but I couldn’t resist,” Cas said before going to his bag and taking out two wrapped gifts, handing them to Dean. The green-eyed boy took them but just stayed there, a smile slowly spreading on his face.
They were talking about the final details when his parents and Lucifer exited the elevator and were now coming their way, Mr. Foster right behind them.
“Really?” Dean asked surprised, his eyes wrinkling as he smiled at Castiel. The other boy just smiled eagerly before flopping down on the bed, opening the box and preparing the game. Dean joined him on the bed and soon they were engaged in the game.
Cas backed away as far as he could hitting the wall with his back. His brother was now towering over him, still breathing heavily from the fight a few moments earlier. "I'm gonna enjoy this little brother" his brother said before punching him in the face. His head was pushed against the wall with the force of the blow but he tried to stand up, legs shaking. Another fist hit him, this time in his stomach, and another and another until he was curled up on the floor, crutching his stomach, every muscle aching."You are an abomination. You know that Castiel. Every time you got beaten up you deserved it. Every time you were lying on the floor or were pushed into lockers, you deserved it. You are nothing. A nobody, a monster and monsters have to get punished, little brother." His brother was kicking him when he suddenly stopped. Cas heard something hit the floor and he opened his eyes. Lucifer was lying on the floor, unconscious, Dean standing over him, with an angry expression. The other man was filled with rage. "Dean?" Cas croaked mouth dry. Dean slowly shifted his gaze away from his brother, now looking at Castiel, his expression changing immediately into concern. He ran towards him falling on his knees. "Hey how are you doing Cas" he asked with a concerned voice. He helped him to sit up, letting him lean against his chest. They stayed like this for a while not moving until Dean broke the silence. "We have to get you cleaned up". They stood up carefully and walked up to the bathroom.
“Well, when I had first seen you at the tour a few weeks ago, I thought you looked kinda cute. I wasn’t going to embarrass myself so I did a bit of research and asked around, and well, rumors said that you liked boys,” he admitted, face flustered. Cas smiled at that.
“No, of course, you can, but you even roped Gabe into this as well as Sam and Charlie. It is really beautiful, don’t get me wrong, I was just wondering…” He trailed off, obviously not knowing how to end this sentence.
They stayed outside for another hour before it got too cold to stay on the porch anymore. Dean went upstairs to change into one of Castiel’s hoodies and then came back down. Cas had decided to make breakfast for both of them. Dean sat down onto his sofa, staring into space. Cas finished making breakfast, some sandwiches, and coffee and sat down next to him.
