suggested Holmes/Watson; Watson as a werewolf.
“I say, if it isn’t asking too much, do you suppose you could cut me loose?”
“My old army trunk!”
“One’n’four he ends up brown bread.”
By the glow through the fanlight, I could see Miss Holmes had been right to suspect him of drink; his face had a reddened, mottled appearance, the sort caused more by bad habits, than by the cold.
“Not in the faintest!” Shirley replies and they erupt into laughter as dips in the road bounce them higher and higher.
“Breckinridge, Breckinridge... don’t know him. Well, to your very good health, my man. And to the prosperity of your house,” said she, placing some coin on the bar and starting for the door. “Come along, Janey, dear.”
The proprietor came forward and the crowd hushed a bit. The usual platitudes were said. Holmes's and McMurdo’s fists touched once, politely. The barman pulled the cord and the bell rang—
“Why, it is all here, clear as crystal. This hat is well-made, silk-lined, and about three years out of fashion, shouldn’t you say, Miss Samuels?”
you infer from a ratty old hat?”
Miss Holmes smiled into her teacup. “It was a gift of sorts, along with this battered old hat. Do you remember Peterson, the commissionaire who lives down Tottenham Court Road?”
“The illusionist?”
This was how we found ourselves one bright and golden morning in May, not out in the garden, nor enjoying a walk along a country lane, but instead hunched over in the attic-room, picking at the detritus of our combined sesquicentennial years on this Earth, bickering as to which of our heirlooms to part with.
“A Beja shield!”
“Breckinridge, I think it was.”
“You are the very maddest, queerest thing that ever happened to me.”
Shirley grips the wheel with purpose as the auto screams around the bend, upsetting the roadside sign declaring the number of miles they’ll have to walk back to town if the motor dies.
Was there, at that moment, a warm little room wherein sat our jewel thief? Or was he, as we were, roaming the icy streets in the lamplight, searching for his lost prize? So lost was I in these musings, that a quarter of an hour passed without my notice. When next I looked, I found we were in Bloomsbury, standing at the door of the Alpha Inn. With a quick glance to Miss Holmes, I pushed open the door to the private bar and was greeted by the bellowing of the ruddy-faced, white-aproned landlord.
“I,” Holmes began, wriggling himself towards the settee, “am practicing the art of escape. Do you remember last month when we were following those blackmailers down Piccadilly and ended up in the wings of the Egyptian Hall during the performance of The Great Mocata, or whatever he was called?”
“While I may not have fulfilled your precise
“We have achieved the height of style, Pamela,” he said, “And it is wearing trousers to bed.”
“Eat it?” he asked, his expression crumbling into something almost sorrowful.
There were tears now. They flowed down Mr. Ryder’s cheeks in broad strokes. It was an earnest agony, the like of which I had seen on many a patient who realizes, at last, that they are not long for living.
“No—“
“I believe I have all the essential facts of the case, though there are one or two details which I am curious to know. You had heard, Ryder, of this blue stone of the Countess of Morcar’s?”
“In my defense, I thought that cheque would clear.”
“More’s the pity,” he conceded.
@paxvictoriana said: “Another three piper! S/J, three months apart.”
“A sapphire,” someone cried.
“I wish you’d get rid of that one,” Watson said, watching from the comfort of his chair as Holmes swirled reagents in the bottom of a broken-necked flask.
He chuckled into his hand. “Yes, I picked it up in a card game from a fellow who served with Kitchener in Khartoum. Supposed to have been taken from one of the so-called savages that killed General Gordon, though I doubt that very much.”
requested Holmes, Watson and relaxation.
That night, the Punch Bowl was particularly detestable. Though the evening was cool enough, calm winds made for an unpleasant indoor atmosphere. With no breeze, the open alley windows brought little relief and thick bands of smoke settled in stagnant air, the smell of rank tobacco mingling with the sickly sweetness of spilled porter and perspiration.
“Ask Mrs. Oakshott for it, then.”
“Bosh!” Miss Jones declared.
MUMMY'S CURSE STRIKES AGAIN: POLICE SEEK LOOT FROM PRINCE'S TOMB AS MYSTERIOUS PLAGUE CLAIMS ANOTHER LIFE.
, my dear Watson, is an excellent idea.”
“Yes,” Miss Holmes agreed.
to the fellows at the Royal Society.”
This is the time of night Watson likes best. When the fire in the grate turns to ash and hands and cheeks seek out the cool undersides of pillows. When Holmes takes his hand in the darkness and whispers thoughts which he has never told anyone.
choose the one day I actually had somewhere to be. Couldn’t possibly have waited until I came home.”
“Holmes,” he said. “I was not making light of your point.”
“Of course, Doctor.”
I had not thought my temper could have been more roused than it was, yet his words were like throwing petrol on an already blazing bonfire.
“We will iron out the details of that,” he said, recovering some of his usual confidence. “But not before you have had a chance wash up and shave, and had something to eat. You’ll feel better for it and I want you clear headed. So go and see to your toilet,” he finished and gave me a gentle push towards the door. “And when you return I shall also explain anything you wish me to in regards to your watch, but I assure you all I know comes from that and your own words.”
“Holmes! You cannot foresee every possibility nor can you control everything.”
So I took a deep breath and finally raised my eyes from the table’s surface. Holmes was still to all appearances engaged in the paper.
She patted my arm gently and set about clearing the table.
As I headed up to my room to clean myself up and change my clothes, I felt lighter at heart than I had since the letter from the solicitor arrived. I knew this was not the end, but the beginning of a long journey, one that was likely to prove long and arduous for us both. But perhaps we should both be alright in the end. Now.
I was alone at Baker Street when I received word of Henry’s death. Holmes had gone up north on a case and when he departed my health had been in such a state as to not allow me to accompany him. It had been nearly a week since he departed and in the meantime the weather had turned, which in turn had improved my own condition considerably. So much so that that morning, as I was eating my breakfast, I was considering if I should send Holmes a telegram, asking him if he wished for my assistance and company.
At least he was now asleep, I had managed to do that much right.
For a moment I considered stirring and adding to the fire but it would take too long for the room to heat. There was no blanket on the settee, though perhaps we should purchase one. I’m after all known to fall asleep anywhere at times and it would serve him too. But plans for the future did not solve the current predicament.
“Yes. Had you not I should likely have gotten more than I did.”
“Hardly,” I scoffed. “You’re as capable as I have ever known you to be.”
“Watson, I assure you-”
I did not return to Baker Street until the early hour of the morning and when I did I was none too steady on my feet. Later I was surprised that the racket I made getting up the stairs didn’t wake Mrs Hudson, though perhaps it did and she simply allowed Holmes to deal with it. He appeared on the landing as I was struggling to get to my feet again after having tripped over the last step.
He turned it over in his hand as he spoke.
My voice broke. Just as quickly as my temper had flared its fire went out, pain welling up in its stead. I pulled weakly and ineffectively at his grip, wishing to escape before I came completely undone by my feelings. But while my words had cracked his mask, leaving a stricken look upon his face, they had done nothing to weaken his grip. I felt hot tears well up in my eyes and I turned my head away in a futile effort to shield myself.
I laughed at that, a harsh and ugly sound to my own ears. I hadn’t meant to, but it was all so preposterous.
One would have thought I’d be relieved at the prospect of not having to address the matter further but instead I found myself extremely disturbed.
“Is there anything you require?” she queried.
On the surface a rather ordinary man, marked by war, injury and illness though he was. But only to the casual observer. He had a keen mind and as his health improved his curiosity abounded in ways society might not always approve of but which I found intriguing.
“And yet you do!”
“I am not so sure I can take your words as a mark in my favour,” he countered. “I believe that you will still think me extraordinary when I am old and senile.”
I heard Holmes enter and cross the room to my side, where he wordlessly deposited my medical bag on the table before retreating to the fireplace to silently stare into the flames.
I kept my eyes on the floor as I entered the sitting room. I might have to face him, but I could not look at him.
It was a testament to the state of my mind that it took me a moment to realize what he wanted. I retrieved the watch from my breast pocket and gave it to him.
“I know Holmes and I’m not saying it was wrong to hand over Hope. Perhaps it is merely thoughts born of it being in the middle of the night and me without sleep,” he said, with a rueful smile.
He hesitated and I did not like the insecure look on his face.
A profound heaviness settled upon my shoulders and I buried my face in my hands.
The room was murky. The curtains were drawn but some light filtered through the door to the sitting room which had been left ajar and I could hear Holmes out there.
“Oh, of what sort,” I quipped. “The kind where I bash an armed criminal over the head then turn my back on him without even tying him up?”
“Mrs Hudson’s bedroom is on the other side of the house, thankfully. So unless I’m very loud I doubt she shall hear.”
My mind and heart raw and reeling I stormed out of the room, quickly grabbed my hat and coat before rushing out the door. I heard Holmes call after me, but I did not stop.
“My dear chap, you’ll wake Mrs. Hudson. It’s well past two in the morning.” He glanced sideways at the clock on the mantlepiece.
“I'm afraid you just missed lunch though I have some doubts whether you would have any appetite for it at the moment. But there’s still tea and a cup might do you some good,” Holmes said when I stepped in and out at the edge of my vision I could see him turn a page in the paper he was reading sitting at the dining table.
My musings were interrupted by Mrs Hudson bringing the morning post, which I promptly took to sorting into personal correspondence for me and Holmes, and those of a more official nature which would likely require prompt response even if they were for him and therefore went into ‘my’ pile.
“Did you?” asked Miss Holmes, leaning her elbows on the bar with such casualty, one would think her a frequenter. “I know a couple of salesmen down that way—do you remember the fellow’s name?”
On the day Watson arrived in Sussex, Holmes chose not to meet his train. Instead, he left a note with the station master, with directions to his cottage and asking his friend to forgive his absence.
“Quite all right. We’ve only stopped in for a moment. A glass of beer for myself, please, landlord, and a brandy for the lady. Positively frigid night,” said Shirley, rubbing her hands together.
“Gone as well! Dropped his goose and hat, and took to his heels. No doubt he was startled by Peterson’s sudden appearance, and in his, shall we say,
"Pure rot and nonsense—I told Lestrade last week those deaths were all the 'flu," Holmes declares, tossing aside the paper in favor of his pipe, "That they each possessed Egyptian trinkets is an amusing coincidence, but hardly supernatural."
thought you’d laid your money on McMurdo. And seeing as how you’ve had the most impressive losing streak this year, I thought I’d give you a little bit of a boon. To whit… I… lost.”
“How brazen,” said I.
The good doctor smirked. “Who says I wagered you would win?”
“You’re right, Watson, fishing
“I beg your pardon,” said I with a hurmph. I should have been ready to say more, only Miss Holmes caught my elbow and the publican’s eye with a wave.
—Yes, that was it. Tonight had been just the same. Unfortunately, it was
“It is all very well to cringe and crawl to me,” Miss Holmes said, a hint of disgust in her voice. “It was on your word that Horner now must face a jury. Where was your concern then?”
Prompt: Shirley Holmes and Drunk
“Holmes,” said Watson pointedly, his hand outstretched.
M. Holmes.
“Another one?”
I am certain that Mycroft has deduced the nature of my relationship with Holmes. Nevertheless, Holmes and I attempt to be discrete with our trysts–can old men really have trysts? Perhaps I should better say
“Oh—that marvelous military stoicism! The iron mask.”
That night, as we entered the library, we were greeted by a tall young man in a brown suit. Or so Mr. Baker believed. Knowing her as I do, I cannot look upon this young man and see anyone other than Shirley Holmes, it never fails to amaze me how wholly convinced most people are by a bit of lime-cream and a confident air.
The grin on Holmes’s face was a sheepish one.
It is a truth, which ought to be universally acknowledged, that a crowded omnibus on a winter’s evening is one of the least pleasant places for a young lady. While it is much preferred to walking, particularly in icy weather, and more affordable than a cab, there is a propensity for ‘bus wheels and gentlemen’s hands to go sliding into places they should not. The former is liable to impede traffic and break axles, while the latter adds insult to injury, and, if a lady is in possession of a good hat pin, injury to insult.
Miss Holmes squeezed my hand tightly. “Promising, Jane, this sounds very promising, indeed. Whenever else has a man been in such an agitation about geese? Come, let’s see what we can make of this fellow.”
“Quite likely, given her tolerance of your manners.”
is the question, my dear. Let us start with what we know: We have the stone. The stone came from a goose, the goose, from Mr. Henry Baker. Now, from whence Mr. Baker? The easiest answer to that, will come from Mr. Baker himself.”
A commotion ensued. Miss Jones’s Pekingese danced between our legs, yapping all the while. With a bit of wrestling, we managed to coax Mrs. Burns into an armchair. There was no water at hand, but a splash of brandy brought her around in a pinch.
Most people suppose that when it happens, he sprouts fur just as a person grows hair, but that isn’t how it is. No, in the cool light of the moon his nails turn to claws and he scratches and scratches until the skin flakes away, leaving only the soft, beautiful fur underneath. Impossible, you will say, but I have seen it for myself; when you have eliminated the man, whatever remains must be the beast.
Mycroft rises at half past six every day, even Sundays. He stretches, washes, dresses, breakfasts (four eggs, two rashers, toast with butter and jam), reads the paper, does this and that, keeping excellent time, like a figure in a German clock. A routine is a comfort and a prison.
Just because we are retired, does not mean we do not keep ourselves busy; Holmes has his bees and I have my motor car. A funny contraption, when you think about it, as full of parts as the human body is full of organs. Though I doubt I shall ever be as good a mechanic as I was a doctor (a very sad fate, indeed, if some of my more exacting patients are to be believed!).
“Are you? And how many boxes have you filled?”
“Then what’s it doing in our attic?”
Miss Holmes waved a hand. “Not at all. As for the goose… I am afraid we were compelled to eat it.”
So it was that by the time I returned to Baker Street, the frosty day had become a bitterly cold night. As I neared 221, I spotted a man, his overcoat buttoned up to his chin, standing on the front steps. A
Miss Holmes reached into the watch pocket of her waistcoat and held the Blue Carbuncle, which glistened like a star. Mr. Ryder staggered to his feet, while I, thinking of Miss Holmes carrying the priceless gem about on our travails, sank deeper into my chair.
“I’m afraid we’ve arrived too late,” said I.
“As a matter of fact, I have—“
The gin swam anxious circles in Watson’s stomach. He looked at McMurdo, then to Holmes. Holmes’s expression was calm, almost beatific. He was never nervous before a fight. Formal luncheons made him nervous. So did crowded opera houses, news photographers and ordering in restaurants. But not this. Not staring down a man who was nearly twice his size with a penchant for knock-outs. Watson ordered another gin.
“Shut up? I nearly perish for the sake of your ten pounds and you say ‘shut up’? Tell me, Doctor, do you use this derogatory bedside manner with all your patients?”
Miss Holmes raised her glass to him and said, “Should be an excellent draught, if it’s as good as your geese.”
Miss Holmes smiled at that and waved down a cab. “In that case,” said she, “we had better discuss this business in a cosy room, than in this wind-swept market-place.”
“My geese, sir?”
“Dare I ask how you managed this in the first place?”
On the mantel in the library sits a conch shell trumpet, carved and gilded and largely forgotten.
“Pray tell us, Miss Holmes,” Miss Samuels called, “just what
At the far end of the room, past the three-legged basket chair, Watson was stooped over beneath the sloped ceiling, evidently in earnest contemplation over a pile of papers. I paused in my work to admire him there in the late morning sun. Face flush with exertion and the over-abundance of dust. Of all the oddities and keepsakes our home contained, this man, with all his fussiness and charm, was—and is— my most cherished necessity. And he was looking at me now, the chiding look of a mother hen.
It was early still. Though the ring had been cleared, the crowd was docile as a cart horse. Masses of thick-necked, low-browed roughs in threadbare jackets hovered about in a morose quiet, staring into dirty glasses and muttering to one another in low voices. In the corner, a worn-out little man at a worn-out little square piano beat out an unforgivably tinny rendition of “Asleep in the Deep”.
He asked the barman for a gin and, as the fleshy, imposing form of McMurdo joined Holmes in the ring, the doctor swallowed his drink. The two men faced one another, sized each other up. McMurdo did seem larger than ever. Softer, though, a bit stooped in the shoulders. Next to him, Holmes looked like a miniature. A toy soldier with ropey bruises across his arms.
“Bess, whatever’s the matter?” Mrs. Hudson asked.
“Very well,” said the doctor, fetching his stick from the stand by the door. He gave the knob a twist, drew his blade and, with a quick stroke, severed the lines connecting Holmes’s hands to his ankles.
“Ha,” said Watson, putting his feet up against the fire grate, “ha.”
To the best of my knowledge, my dear friend’s experiences in India were utterly lacking in anything so remotely exotic as a tiger hunt, but I kept such opinions to myself. I have, countless times, witnessed how Watson can transform the most trivial and straight-forward of cases into the highly sensational and flowery retellings which have made him famous. No doubt he could conjure up a tale of traipsing through the brush in search of a Maharaja’s stolen treasure from a few scribblings about marching under the hot sun or being laid up with enteric fever.
“I dare say we can get rid of this ewer.” Watson’s voice was distant. The man, hidden behind a cyclopian wall of chairs and steamer trunks.
“You’re sure? You don’t want it for gardening?
“Hardly!” Watson said with a smirk. “Mostly a lot of debate about how much arsenic is rather too much arsenic—“
Back at Baker Street, Holmes wrinkled up his nose and tsk’d, “They’ll give you thirty days for that, you bouncer.”
“Watson! My thumb! Mind the thumb!”
“Quite true, my dear man, quite true. Still, I hate to see art in the hands of someone unable to appreciate it. I considered that ewer the bonus for keeping my opinions of
“From what I ‘ear you’ll be needin’ it—they say McMurdo’s up to nearly twen’y stone now. Cheers, gentlemen.”
I shook my head in amusement, glancing again at the well-worn headpiece on the sewing table between us. “Oh, but what clue can this hat afford?”
“Why, of course, sir! I got it from my goose club, you see.”
“I can see nothing.”
“Is it really?” he asked, reappearing by the attic window with ewer in hand. He turned it over in the light, looking, no doubt, for some maker’s mark. Watson has always had a soft spot for silver with a pedigree. “Whose is it? Yours or mine?”
“Bosh, rot, and humbug is more like it!”
“However, this does not mean that I cannot prepare my hands for when I find a new source which Shor… Dada agrees to…” She yelped slightly, glowering at her hand, sighing as she reconnected the outer covering of her palm.
“You no need update… You make me happy all the time,” on hearing this she looked down at the little girl, stunned yet again by her attitude to everything.
“Not enough data, John. But Karen’s intentions are quite clear. She needs us to protect Missy, and the red chip.”
“Yes I am, actually… But when you go to sleep only to wake up miles from home with no familiar faces, it puts you in a bad mood… As for you, it’s funny…”
“Who are you calling a piece of metal, meat bag! If you were able to keep your… Shit organised, we would’ve found what we were looking for hours ago!”
” (Enough! Go to hell, all of you.)
The men stood by, watching the scene, none daring or wanting to intrude upon this moment. John leaned into Sherlock, sighing heavily, his heart aching for the robotic girl, his eyes growing damp with unexpected tears.
After a bumpy introduction, we see the formation of a new golden trio.
"He's... Our friend, and we were playing before you came along."
“ Sonnenaufgang Sonnenuntergang, Sonnenaufgang, Sonnenuntergang. Schnell fließen die Tage, Sämlinge drehen über Nacht zu Sonnenblumen, blühen, auch wenn sie... Sonnenaufgang Sonnenuntergang,... Sonnenaufgang Sonnenuntergang, Sonnenaufgang, Sonnenuntergang! ” (Sunrise sunset, sunrise, sunset. Swiftly flow the days, seedlings turn overnight to sunflowers, blossoming even as they gaze… Sunrise sunset,… Sunrise sunset, sunrise, sunset!) Missy joined in with her, keeping her voice as gentle as she could, as to not overpower her. Karen patted her hand and she took over, holding her closer as tears flowed down her cheeks.
The two made there way back to where they had been sitting, to continue watching the fire.
She blinked furiously, her eyes blurred with water, she could still however make out the figure, the figure of a stranger, and it was touching her!
“Yes, I’m home John... I'm sorry...”
Along with his sudden willingness to speak, he had also taken to using his middle name Sherlock, refusing to respond to William, though this was as successful as Mycroft's attempts to get their parents to use his full name.
Yet when she seemed not to rise to any of their remarks or actions they had quickly lost interest, some even treating her friendly, inviting her to join their games as they saw she was capable and willing to play.
Her hair was made from a variation of graphene. Despite its strength, it is extremely flexible and could stretch by twenty percent without any damage. It was also a superb conductor of electricity, and was the best conductor of heat on the planet. She could change the colour and length at will, with a maximum length of her body, though this could also change to fit any persona she wished, within reason.
Missy rolled her eyes as she turned back around to face him, clicking the piece back in her head with a sigh, the syringe sliding back in, and out of sight.
be back, to look after her… And help keep you in line…”
“As I have explained, the android is able to seamlessly blend in with any surroundings, as well as turn invisible to the human eye,” he pressed the button and the image changed to footage from inside Barts, during John’s stay there while recovering. The recording showed Mycroft’s people marching behind him, at the back one of the people suddenly went limp and were dragged off by an invisible force, only to reappear moments later, easily catching up with their colleagues.
"Ah Mike, thought we heard you..." His father said, his face seeming to brim with joy. "Come upstairs with me for a moment, your mother wants to see you."
Once John was satisfied that every piece of packaging was away and in the rubbish, he turned to speak to Sherlock.
“Neugieriges fett ficker,” (nosey fat fucker) Missy muttered, looking out the window, spotting John’s smirk in the reflection.
"Is nothing sac a red, anymore?" Sherlock's voice said from the doorway, making the two jump, and quickly turn to face him.
.” Sherlock frowned as he whispered the end of his sentence.
“A month?! Four whole weeks?!” She had cried, Missy now regretting teaching her how many days were in a week and in a month.
He slowly lowered the book, eyes locked upon her, watching her closely. When she didn’t appear to squirm or shift in the ways a liar would, he nodded. She sighed in relief, smiling softly.
“Have a heart, Mycroft, she had just lost her creator… From what my sources say she was practically the poor thing’s mother, we all know you’re not very good at handling such… Intimate matters,” The head of MI6 now spoke, rose to his feet, a beige folder in his grasp.
Next stop: Lily's first birthday party!
“Fucking hell! What is going on?” John yelped as he walked back into the flat with lunch in his hands, only to find Sherlock throwing papers all over the floor, while Missy stood to the side, arms crossed as she sighed heavily.
"My what? She fell into me! And.. And then she hit me! So, why don't you ask her?!" He snapped back, pointing to Aurora.
“Doctor Schmidt named me Missy.” John raised an eyebrow at the name,
“Missy is being recruited into MI6 sir.”
"Erm yeah, what's your name?"
She nodded, before biting her bottom lip in thought, tilting her head slightly.
Rose seemed to be the leader of the two, or at least was the mastermind behind all of their antics, being the only one of the family who could control her twin without trying. However, this was returned by him being the only one she was willing to give in to, to keep him happy. As mentioned, she seemed to take pleasure in causing her older sibling annoyance of any kind, Mycroft could have sworn he'd seen her smirk at him when their parents were attending to her twin.
“Yes, you have, several times in the last few minutes. I see my brothers habits are brushing off a little too well on you…” He smiled smugly as the car pulled up, the door right in front of him.
She brushed past him, heading up to the little ones room, to take her usual place, watching over the sleeping child, keeping her safe from anything.
"Keep your distance and state your business, you scally wag! What was your in tent ons with my sister, other than to drown her!?" He demanded of him, making Aurora smile smugly, she loved it when her brother played the pirate captain.
“For one, I don’t have a master, and for two, I told you what I know about that, in fact I could ask you the same question, mister. I was switched off for... Twenty nine days, six hours and twenty seven seconds, before you rudely woke me earlier… Cold hands, by the way, no wonder shorty is so moody… However I am searching for her whereabouts, but as of now, I have no information available… Other than what she told me, if I ever wake up here she’s dead and or missing.”
“This is correct, during the very early days of her design I worked with Dr. Schmitt, however I soon lost touch with the good doctor, during that time until it’s arrival at my brother's home she had seemingly had a change in heart for the machine's purpose.” He clicked, footage taken moments after Schmidt’s death came on, just as Missy near twisted Mr. Schmidt's head off. “However, as you can clearly see, the thing is still fully able and willing to kill and maim…” The video now showed her attacking him.
Then he heard it, the strange sound that he'd only read about to this point, though in fairness this whole situation was something he'd read about and none of the books had said it was possible to do with ones sister.
“An android. Interesting,” Sherlock hummed as he peeled off the rest of the packaging stuck around her body, and bits of foam stuck to her hair.
Sherlock moved quickly and sat down on his own chair, pulling it closer so he could reach John by stretching out his arms.
She opened her mouth to object but closed it with a small sigh, nodding.
“I didn’t get a good look at you, Detective Inspector, but I found a nice photo of you on the internet. Rosie seems to like that face… So does Mycroft. Dilated pupils, increasing blood pressure… Oooo such… Hidden desires.” Missy said to Greg, while her face morphed into someone else, her hair extending down to her shoulder, “this is her face, Dr Schmidt's... I will stay in this state until we find her. Last thing we need is a distraction.” She said winking in Mycroft’s direction, smirking towards Lestrade.
No one was going to ask how Sherlock figured that much out from just a skidmark, just to avoid his ‘people see but do not observe’ lecture, but John knew full well how.
Mycroft saw Karen now on her back, chest lifting and collapsing heavily, blood pooling and staining her shirt. Missy knelt next to Karen, lifting her into her lap, cradling her head as she stroked her hair, feral whimpers and whines coming from the machine, whose eyes ran over her creator’s body.
At the mention of his mother he put the book down the book, going to his fathers side as quickly as he could.
From the corner of his eye, he spotted Missy’s shadow going into a room at the back. Before anyone could blink, they heard a loud explosion.
William seemed to live to make his sister happy, rarely ever leaving her side apart from the rare occasions. At the same time he wanted to be around, or near, his brother whenever he could, this usually leading to Rose being forced to do the same, as the girl clearly was not as big a fan of Mycroft.
They sat in front of the fireplace in silence until the door to their flat opened. Mycroft walked in with Lestrade right behind, they both sat at the sofa, each waiting for the other to start the conversation.
"I say it only because I don't want anyone to pick on you... You're different but you're brilliant... Not all kids are gonna be like Victor, most will see you as a weird girl who doesn't talk and hangs around with just her twin... And if anyone was to hurt you..."
"Didn't look like playing, Rose was sitting on that rock watching you two fight... You know mummy doesn't like you fighting, William"
“Mycroft sent it… Says it wouldn’t kill me but we know brother does love his games as much as anyone…”
“That piece of sh-- metal tidied up the flat! While I was working! You should’ve been here to stop her!”
She leaned in, brow creased slightly, his reaction to something that had yet happened were so heavy that she wanted to know more, out of slight ego but also curiosity.
"That's probably why My coft wasn't there, he could have told em that easily..."
Slowly, Missy wrapped her arms around the toddler in return, holding her close, kissing the top of her head.
Ok, so just a heads up for this part and future parts, the bits in brackets are translations.
Four days. It was a five when he arrived at the scene, but it turned out to be a ten! Oh glorious days! A beautiful string of serial murders that seemed to be unrelated, but if anyone could see the pattern, it would be Sherlock.
Sherlock never frowned like that… except for that one time.
“But… But that’s not fair! You can’t go for a month, or ever! I won’t let you!”
“If she hadn’t moved my things!”
It was dark, only lit by a single light source on the far side of the room, it took John’s eyes a short while to adjust to the light. As he blinked hard to quicken up the process, he heard Missy’s footsteps starting to go further and further away.
Sherlock had had words with him, about how he should and should not treat, act or talk to his sister when he wasn't there, Victor wasn't sure what he had meant or where it had come from, but rather than cause a fight he'd agreed. Now he was beginning to understand just what his friend had meant and why. His parents had always talked about this sort of thing as something older kids did or felt, kids like Myrcroft. Yet here he was, feeling beyond lost around one of his closest friends.
"No!" He whined, tugging harder, "wanna play with Aurora and only twinny," he said, kicking her in the shin, taking both of them by surprise. His mother let go of him, gasping in pain as he took the chance and ran to his sister.
“Is she ok?” Missy asked, slowly standing to her full height, eyes filled with concern for her beloved child.
"These are your new siblings, William," his father indicated the baby which seemed to be trying to sleep, "and Rosalie," he stroked the open eyes babes cheek, earning their attention.
"...Yes dear, of course... Now, no doubt you little eagles have noticed a change in mummy, less of that missy," she gently scolded as Rosa tried to roll her eyes. She didn't appear to like the use of the word mummy.
Missy chuckled softly, nodding, kissing her forehead
John couldn’t help but roll his eyes at this, his attention going to the reason he had been so rudely awaken.
“So, Missy,” John began as he began to cut into his meal, “when are they sending you on your first mission?”
Their mother and father smiled sweetly down at them, before their father reached down and lifted them to sit on his lap, so as to give their mother their attention.
She nodded, though wavered her hand as she gently pushed Sherlock back, tapping her chest before shaking her head and pointing to Sherlock. She sucked her lip in as she thought, before continuing on.
"I love you too... More than either of our stupid sib lins... Like way more"
Once he was sure his twin was alright, he drew forth his wooden sword from his make shift belt, pointing at the boy who was now climbing out of the water.
“I think it’d upset Rosie if you didn’t,” he said, making her nearly grin, though she suppressed it to a small smile, barely. “But no more threats of death.”
As well as the impact they have on their dear big brother.
Missy was just four paces away from the Schmidts when the man pulled out another gun from his back holster,
"Victor Trevor, I was gonna ask if I could play with you, I've seen you two play together and... I like pirates too," he said, smirking slightly at the sword, drawing his own to show he was telling the truth.
She was still shaking her head, clicking her jaw slightly, back slightly hunched as she looked away from her twin in disbelief of what he was saying. He may be right, but for HIM to say it... She'd have expected it off of Mycroft first.
"Why, I do not intend to give in as easily as you..." He brushed passed her, walking straight into their home. Aurora looked to Victor, her eyes welling up,
“Ah, so trainings nearly finished then?”
Their mother sighed, running her hand over her face, trying to hide the small amused smile on her lips as she looked at her, Aurora now standing tall, hands behind her back, with a content smile.
“Who is Karen?” John asked right after Sherlock finished.
“I left my eye in your room once! It was a mistake!” Missy called back.
“About what?” He opened his eyes slowly, whispering to avoid waking up the kids.
“Android? Why would anyone need a female clone of you?”
“I have the best teacher. Sit down love. We need to talk.”
"We weren't really fighting, dumb dumb, we were playing pirates and Aurora was the pirate princess.
As the cabbie took the last right turn towards Baker Street, Sherlock bounced his feet nervously. He had left John. He promised he would never do that again, but he just did.
“Yes, Rosie, a whole month,”
“I could say the same about you… I do in fact… But yes, it speaks as you so lovingly put it, in about twenty languages last time I checked my files…” She said as she began to stand up, flipping her hair back as she looked to the other man, raising an eyebrow.
"As for you, young lady, you go to your room for the rest of the night, you know better than to lie and bully people."
At his words and gentle touch she could feel the “miswiring” settle slightly, only confusing her more so. However she nodded, gently squeezing his hand as she looked up. Her eyes went large and wide as she saw the doors which led through to morgue.
“I was calming her down, I almost had her settled, but you couldn’t resist sticking your nose in…”
He pulled back slightly, clearing his throat as she sat up again, tilting her head, pushing back a piece of hair that had slid in front of her eye.
"That she is... Now, the reason for these changes are..."
“I admit, I could have handled this particular situation better, but…” The head of MI6 walked towards him, till he stood in front of Mycroft.
“So... That’s what this form was based on… Hmm… I suppose she could have had worse blueprints to work off…” She said, as her eyes scanned over him, brow creasing ever so slightly, “though she seemingly got a few details wrong…” She said, looking down at herself, poking her breasts, before meeting his eyes again, “mine are bigger,” her eyes going to his chest.
She stepped back, tapped her chest before bending down and throwing something at the empty space, waving a disproving finger at where her sister was in her mind map, before moving to stand their, glaring at where she had been standing before running to the edge of the couch.
Left alone with the android, Sherlock asked every question he could think of. What he found out was intriguing- its creator, Karen Schmidt, was a German inventor who was a high functioning sociopath just like himself, married to an unknown high profile government official.
"You really look like her, all you need is some animals to lure a prince in by taking his coat..." His voice going quiet as he spoke, hanging his head.
“Then get your own place, you piece of shit.”
" (Oh my little one… I did not mean to lie to you, not ever… It is coming sooner than I had hoped…) Missy shook her head frantically, running her hand over her creator's mouth.
"So... To ensure I have this right, you and Sherlock were playing together, when someone new came along. They knocked you into the stream where William helped you out, the two then began playing as you watched, when your sister appeared," Aurora nodded, along with this, "she then began to... Pick on your new playmate, making a unpleasant comment about them. This was when you, not Sherlock, threw the small stone at her in order to tell her off, to which she came running home. Is that right?"
He slowly parted his lips, in turn parting hers they were pressed to his so tight. When she didn't stop or protest he slowly slid his tongue into her mouth, running it over her teeth and insides of her mouth until he found her tongue.
“I always be your mini human, even when I’m as big as daddy,” she said, stretching upwards, making the machine laugh, rubbing noses with her.
"Lessons are getting harder now... Just in time for Christmas too... Must be some kinda weird plan to torture the fun out of us!" He declared, as she nodded enthusiastically, Sherlock however kept his eyes dead ahead. "I mean... Not too hard, least not for you two, brain box's that you are and all..." Still nothing. He looked to Aurora, shaking his head, "I think I best head straight home today, A..."
The two spun around together, beaming at each other, Sherlock vocalising a few of the notes he read in her face. He smirked as he decided to spin her off, making her face near crack with glee.
“Ah, a little too much…” She quietly said to herself.
She had the brain capacity of a supercomputer, peaking at ninety PFLOPS, just a little short of the fastest supercomputer in the world. She was able to attach her mind to any wireless network within a two kilometer radius, encrypted or not. With the entire internet within her reach, she could source for information and process them quickly to get what she needed to know.
Aurora looked to her brother, shaking her head slightly, making their mother let out a slightly mocking laugh.
Aurora's eyes widened as she grabbed her brothers sword and pointed it at the boy, with both hands holding it tight.
…” he glanced over at Missy again, who flipped her hair back, staring back at him till he looked away, taking a deep breath before he continued, “we subjected the package through a series of deep scans and determined that it was safe. There was something that we noticed in her head, but I’m sure by now you would’ve noticed that it is capable of learning, evolving.”
"Now, no doubt you three... Mike, this is for you to hear as well young man," she said, gently tapping her eldest sons shoulder. He sighed and put his book down, turning slowly to face them.
She reached out, taking the slip from the man and saw it was for Sherlock, from someone in Germany.
John felt a slight blush fill his cheeks at how the naked wom….
He walked over and hung his school bag and jacket up on their hook, before making his way into the library, having been advised against disturbing his mother for the past few days. He heard quick but light footsteps rushing down the stairs as he picked up his current book, and went to continue reading it.
He turned to face the two, John seemingly having taken what was his usual place with Sherlock with Missy, rather than be near the outsider to their home.
“Sherlock, it’s not… You haven’t ordered a… Mycroft wouldn’t send us something like… That?”
“Thanks, I’ll keep that in mind shall I…” He said, slightly hurt by his words.
Missy continued to analyse situations before she was switched off, searching for the reason why Karen changed her mind… or did she? She had her suspicions as to what may have changed her mother’s mind, but could not come up with anything solid.
“You, upstairs!” John pointed at Missy and up towards the ceiling. “And you mister,” he gently slapped the back of Sherlock’s head, “are coming with me. NOW.”
He hated not knowing, despised the fact that Karen wasn't there to give him enough data. He had no way of lining up the information in his head. Something was missing, something didn't make sense.
The next day, Missy and John went through all that they had learnt from the red chip that the android held inside, they agreed that this would take a lot of work, and so Rosie was sent to spend the weekend with Mrs Hudson while the adults went back to business.
"You didn't have to do that you know..." He said softly, breaking his sister out of her daze, she looked up at him, tilting her head to the side in question. "You didn't have to tell her that it was just you that hit her..."
He sighed heavily, closing his eyes as he did as he had been told, trying to reason to himself that he had to, and was not beginning to take orders from his brothers pet bot.
“Missy’s gone,” John whispered.
Missy turned her head, a small smile on her lips. She could hear them as well as if they were sat right beside her, no doubt Sherlock was aware or at least assumed this. His tone of voice didn't match his words, it wasn't cold or detached, it was like… Like her lady’s.
“I am sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you, or overly mock you… Honestly, I’m glad you can read Rosie as well as I seem to be able to… She needs a real human to know her, and not just her biological one.”
“It’s not a she John, it just happens to have the physical traits of a female human,” he said, now going through his physical collection of people, as so far his mind palace had pulled up absolutely nothing on the name on the letter. He looked up at him, brows creased in a look of disdain.
"What can I do... It is easier for other's, for mum, yet he hates me for it..."
-click-
“At the end of this week actually,”
As promised, a proper chapter to follow the filling, enjoy
She grabbed her brothers sword once again and made her way quickly towards the red head, lifting it high, ready to strike. Victor slightly paled on the quick change in the girl who seemed to have been... Flirting, with him.
“What’s in the box, brother?”
“Not my smartest move…” The android muttered to herself, her posture changing as she stood in front of John, eyes scanning through the darkness, making a count of those hidden in the dark.
When it came to the boys, Victor was able to join in fully, happy to play the games that the boys preferred, however Sherlock just could not. It wasn't that he wasn't physically fit enough, or imaginative enough, he just didn't want to join in with them, despite his sisters pleas for him to try.
Her brother took the distraction and struck his sword hand hard, disarming him with ease as he held the tip of his weapon to his throat.
“So, what's your name?” John asked as the android took Rosie in her arms.
"Now William, that's not fair, Euros is your sister as well as Aur... Rose, and she wants to play with you too."
No one could register what had happened, except for Missy, but it was too late. The trigger-happy husband of her maker had just shot her in the chest. She leapt towards the murderer, wrapped her legs around his abdomen, hands around his head and whispered in his ear,
,” Mycroft hissed under his breath, “He’s the chief council of ministers in Germany, my counterpart.”
"Father will drive you," Sherlock said, as their home came into view, "no point turning around now..." His sister walked in front of him, stopping him in his tracks.
“Pretty much, yeah,”
“Concerning?”
Greg led Mycroft’s men on the ground floor clearing every nook and cranny, while the brothers followed John down to the basement.
“She is, and no doubt she is wondering where her girl is, to say goodbye to her…” He said, as if speaking to Rosie, it seemed to be what was needed.
Sherlock hadn’t realised, but John was right. Staring straight into the android’s face, the detective found himself looking at an exact replica of him, minus the wrinkles at the corner of his eyes, as well as the difference made obvious between the genders. He shrugged his shoulders, and looked back at John, meeting his eyes and held out the note into John’s face.
“Go ahead what? You know I can’t read minds like you do, right?”
“I speak baby,” his face is now buried in the sofa, muffling his words.
“I’m sorry I left--”
“Ohhhh, someone’s gonna get a good spankin’!” Missy cooed, cackling slightly as she left the room.
At this Aurora threw a pebble at her arm, shaking her head in disapproval, though instantly realised what she had done.
Sherlock however now seemed willing to approach, his eyes wide as he took her in, reaching forwards her ran his fingertips lightly over her legs, a small smile on his lips.
“I don’t read minds, I observe and deduce facts. Pay attention John.”
“Nothing that will kill you. I’m in a meeting. Open the envelope. Have John next to you if you feel threatened by a piece of paper, brother mine.”
She looked at him, eyes scanning over his face as she took in his words, it struck her sometimes how mature he could be when it came to problems between she and her sibling, seemingly always able to play the role of mediator, never taking a side, stating things as they were.
Moving out into the street towards the Tower of London, everyone was silently pondering the possible outcomes of this.
“We get a sent the first android of this level of detail, and you want it to do dishes and nappies… Think bigger John,” he said, before going back to what he was doing.
A soft shaking unsure sound escaped through her nose, as she began to bury herself inside the kiss, her arms pulling him closer, clinging to him, fingers digging into his skin. It hurt slightly but he didn't want to stop her, to separate from her, from THIS.
“Erm… Sherlock, she… It’s awake,” he said, slightly panicked now that the woman-- machine was conscious. A low hum of machine booting up resonated through the quiet flat. Sherlock stared at it as John took a few steps closer to his partner, subconsciously protecting him.
Sherlock watched, rushing to her he offered her his hand and pulled her up and onto the bank, holding her close, protectively as she held onto him, snuggling close.
She sat, back arched slightly, relaxed. Her knees bent and drew into her chest, arms wrapped around her legs as her head rested slightly against her knees, her dark curly hair flowing down meeting the table. She was completely still, and without a shred of clothing.
At first he stumbled, unsure of what his twin was up to, but slowly he began to follow her, reading her movement like it was sheet music.
This was when the well behaved Rosie’s eyes went wide, her jaw dropping open as she looked at the android she adored in stunned disbelief.
Missy, walked along side the two men, eyes locked upon the older Holmes, her lip curled as she snarled slightly, even before catching him looking at her.
"Yes, but you were being a bully to another child... Also I don't recall saying you could leave the grounds."
"Do you have a different version of events, Rosalie?" She asked, looking to her.
“Where are you--
Missy went over all the routes available to them, offering them to the driver in order to get to the St Bart’s quicker, avoiding the most traffic. However she may as well as spoke to the little air freshener hanging in the car, as once Mycroft realised what she was doing, he instructed his driver to ignore her and go the route he had set out.
"You should unt have done that, Rosie posie," Euros said as she turned on the tears in and instant and began to run towards their home.
Inwardly Aurora was screaming with uncertainty, yet she didn't stop him, didn't even try to. No matter how unsure she was of what was happening she didn't want it to stop, her heart felt like it was about to burst from her chest.
“Shall we then?” He asked, stepping back, gesturing for them to go first.
Aurora gets around, or it seems to Shelly
“Now, where were we? Ah yes, you, the dumb one to not see this coming…” the android walked towards Mr Schmidt and Karen, who was laying on her side upon the floor. She let her heels click with every step, staring straight into his eyes, slowly but surely trickling fear into him.
Missy shot him a look, the same snarl appearing on her lips as when Mycroft was speaking, or just generally in the room. She put her fists on her hips, turning to face him.
"Victor and her fell into the stream, duh."
“Her husband is an acquaintance of mine. She is a brilliant scientist. Not good with people, like you and I, brother mine. Anthea received the package three months ago, with specific instructions to not open it. Opening the box would activate
"Rosa, Will," she called to the two of them now, "come here please, little ones."
Mycroft shook his head slightly, how his parents could see these interactions as cute rather than creepy was beyond him.
She could also alter her gender appearance, deflating her chest and revealing a more prominent Adam’s apple to appear as a male.
However their was the clear signs of a deeper bond, if either of the twins were upset the other would either suddenly reach the same levels of emotion even when not in the same room, or go to their sibling and try to comfort while also defend them.
“Is… Is she in there?” John simply nodded.
In a matter of seconds, Rosie’s cries could be heard from Mrs Hudson’s flat downstairs, as John stomped out into the kitchen with a crying toddler in his arms.
Missy stood from her seat to turn around and face Mycroft. She had Lestrade’s face now, only twenty years younger. Looking over Mycroft’s shoulder, she looked straight at the DI and smiled, he had lost all the colour from his face.
The little content that he extrapolated from the note gave him the impression that it wasn’t anything too dangerous, and it would be safe to open it.
She narrowed her eyes at her brother, indicating her now drenched and ruined hair, along with her soaking and torn dress, lips pressed together as she crossed her arms, daring him to disagree with her.
“It’s okay, Missy, I’m here, I have no intention of leaving you with him,” he said softly, stroking the back of her hand.
"Visitor to see you," his father said, beaming at his mother. She raised her head, her usual gentle smile on her lips.
John read the note again, this time racking his brain for every piece of German he had learnt twenty years ago. He translated most of it in his head, making up bits and pieces as he went, but there were still words he couldn’t understand.
Sherlock continued to stare and grumble at the android, then, something happened between the two, something John would not believe it had happened if he wasn’t there to witness it.
I sat at Miss Holmes’s dressing table, resting my chin in my hand, and gazed down at the stone. What an odd bedfellow it made with the hodge-podge there: hair pins and bullet casings, a boot buttoner and a old, brass microscope. The dark wood was marred and stained by chemicals and costume makeup. And there, amongst it all, a shimmering wonder, pulled from a goose. It was a bonny thing.
“I cannot say Watson. I’ve never loved like that and doubt I ever shall.”
“Forgive me Holmes but I beg to differ. There is no accurate way of telling if a man has been knocked out without checking. It isn't like you to be so careless with yourself in such danger.”
I had not heard her enter the room and when I looked up at her I saw a look of the gravest concern on her face.
“Watson, clearly neither of us have any desire to see the other destroy himself, perhaps we could assist each other in avoiding such a fate?”
A tired, pensive smile appeared on his lips.
After I had retrieved it from the clockmaker I settled down on my chair in front of the fire, studying it properly for the first time.
“I know,” I replied.
“Holmes,” I prompted him softly seeing his mask like face lighted by the flames.
One of the official looking letters were addressed to me, post stamped in Edinburgh. The mere look at it filled me with a vague unease and I considered putting it aside entirely, but whatever it was would need addressing sooner or later and in the end my curiosity won out over my sense of dread.
He sounded incredulous.
It looked much like it had when it had belonged to my father. A heavy, well-made silver watch, simple in spite of its value. My father never enjoyed ornate or ostentatious things. It had more scratches and dents than I recalled, a legacy of Henry’s ill-use of it.
It was in that state that Mrs. Hudson found me sometime later when she came to clear away breakfast.
We sat in silence for a moment, him gazing into the dying fire and I gazing at him, then he stirred himself and looked at me, his eyes smiling.
No, it wasn’t his lashes. Tears were caught between them, gathered but unshed. Had physical pain caused them? Or had something in my playing stirred painful memories?
“Is it...?” Her voice trailed off as if she could not bring herself to finish the question. All the same I knew what trail her thoughts had followed.
I stared at him for a very long second. Had it come from any other it should have been a poisoned barb, but from him it was the gentlest teasing.
“Watson,” he said, his own face subdued and chastened. “I had no idea that I- That my habit had such a deep effect on you.”
“That, I’m afraid, is a promise you may not be able to keep. As today proved.”
“Watson, in the future I would ask you to kindly refrain from that sort of heroics,” he said, his voice as tense as his shoulders.
“I’m sorry,” he said, interrupting my line of thought. “This did disturb you. I didn’t mean it like that. I just find it odd that a man with your great heart-”
“But it could have and I should have anticipated it. I knew Evans to be dangerous,” he said, voice muffled against the fabric of my shirt.
He caressed my cheek again. I closed my eyes and let the feeling of his hand against my skin suffuse me.
Yet I couldn't hide in here forever. It wasn’t even my own room.
Apart from my brotherly affection for Mycroft no one had ever truly managed to stir my heart as an adult. Though I wondered what Watson would say if he knew that he had far more chance of doing so than any Lucy or Alice? No, that should surely cost me far more than his company if  he learned.
“You could hardly have known-”
“Always,” I replied. “Now if you don't mind fetching me another pair of trousers I should be very grateful, this is getting a little chilly.”
It was one reason I had kept him at arm's length so far. Though I found him a very genial companion I had from the start assumed the nature of our arrangement temporary, most find me a difficult companion when exposed to me for greater length of time and the nature of my work distasteful.
“Holmes, my apologies for disbelieving you.”
Once the storm began to subside Holmes gentled his hold on me. Shamefaced I stepped away and he raised his hands to wipe the tears off my cheeks.
His words took me completely aback.
As was so often the case when I played simply for the sake of playing I lost myself in the music, one piece pulling me into the next until its spell ended. When I came back to myself it was almost half past three and Watson was fast asleep on the settee. The soft light from the single lamp gave his brown hair a copper shine and it made his eyelashes glitter.
Hmmm. Perhaps there was more to his nightly visit than a case of sleeplessness.
Settling back into my chair I pulled up my legs beneath me. I knew I would find no rest tonight. No longer was it just the vestiges of the case that filled my mind, though Hope’s life and fate and choices still battered about in the back of my mind. Rather what occupied me was the mystery of the man whom I could hear softly snoring on the settee and the profound effect he had proven to have on me.
“You didn’t. I found I couldn’t sleep at all and when I could hear you were up as well I thought I might join you. I hope I’m not disturbing you?”
It was a low, tuneless and atonal thing, in accordance with my current mood and mind.
“Ah Watson!” he said cheerfully as he stepped into the room, only to fall silent the instant he saw me.
I had heard the front door but thought nothing of it until I heard his familiar footfalls up the stairs. I had no desire to see him or speak to him at this moment, but escape was too late.
He sat back up and looked at me. His lips were pinched but his face now somber yet thoughtful rather than an unemotional mask. Perhaps we would make our way out of these woods yet.
With a nod he stood up.
lost your abilities.”
I stood and went to my room, feeling his eyes following me through my abrupt departure. I snatched up the coverlet from my bed and returned.
“Nothing that you would not wish to do yourself. I’m sorry my dear Holmes, I did not intend to disturb you with my idle musings. I think my mind is taking entirely too fanciful a turn, I should go back to bed.”
As I pressed the violin under my chin and touched the bow to its strings, I sorted through my repertoire. I knew that he liked Mendelssohn so I picked one of calmest of his lieder and began.
“Really Holmes. What could you possibly have gotten from that? I had it cleaned.”
“I am happy if I could offer you anything,” he said. “What would you have done? Had you been in Hope’s stead?”
Holmes had left my shoes on the floor, coat and waistcoat over the back of a chair and cuffs and collar next to the washbasin. I put on the first three items as best I was able but kept the latter two in my hand.
I drank it slowly and it helped wash away the sandpaper feeling and sour taste. It even helped a little on my headache. Still the sound the paper made every time Holmes turned a page was murder on my head but I remained silent. I had after all brought this on myself.
“You’ve never loved?”
“And what of Arthur Charpentier? He was in the very real risk of hanging, for two murders he didn’t commit, had Lestrade not been presented with the real murderer.”
How could I have been such an arrogant fool as to think I could so easily escape the curse that had claimed both my brother and my father? And how could I face Holmes after
I pulled up the coverlet and tugged it around him so that he’d remain warm for the rest of the night before turning down the lamp. Without its light the room was left in shadow, only faintly illuminated by the streetlights coming through the windows and all I could make out was faint outlines.
“Except you do Holmes. You possess considerable kindness.”
“Holmes,” I said again, even more softly this time as I held out my hand. After but an instant’s hesitation he stepped forward, took it and let me pull him down on the settee beside me.
I said nothing, I had no idea what to say. Only sat down across from him the way I normally did.
“What do you mean?” I asked, opening my eyes.
“I think you might be correct about that. But then again, you’re a smart man,” I huffed.
He held up a hand, silencing me.
I smiled, I couldn’t help it. I knew my companion to have a very romantic streak and never had I seen it more acutely displayed.
“Watson! While it is not ever my intension to pry into your affairs-”
He too said nothing more, but poured me a cup of tea and handed it to me. I took it without ever raising my gaze from the tabletop.
“Perhaps I shall, but though neither of us are as young as we once were neither are we infirm. Holmes you have
“It is I who should be apologising, my dear. I have done you more wrong than I realized.”
He sighed and ran a hand across his face as he shook his head.
“Why don’t you deduce it?” I snapped. “It is usually impossible to have any kind of privacy around you!”
Now that this line of inquiry had been opened, I could not say I entirely disagreed with Watson. Drebber and Strangerson could not be reached by law, American or British, for all that they were far greater villains than Hope. But there had been young Charpentier’s life in the balance too and that I could not discount.
I reclined on the settee, closing my eyes as I heard him disappear upstairs and allowed my fatigue to finally take me over. I knew Holmes would start fussing the moment he came down and saw me in this state, and while I do not generally like to be treated as an invalid it was rare enough for him to overdo it. Not to mention it would give him an outlet for the fear I knew he still felt, so I would let him. Hopefully later I would be able to persuade him to retire with me.
“Whyever not?” roared. “It is after all what you expect from me, is it not? To stand by and do nothing! Just as I did with them. To remain utterly helpless while-”
“Holmes I-”
I did not need to read it nor to possess Holmes’s considerable faculties to know the rest of the letter’s content. My brother had finally succeeded in doing what I had feared for years, drink himself into a far too early grave just as our father had before him. It had simply happened sooner than I had anticipated.
He waved me off with a demure expression.
This was getting entirely out of hand and I knew that if I did not head him off his own pessimistic bent might take his thoughts down dark paths he only returned from with considerable difficulty.
“But I should have. Or if not known, suspected. Though ninety percent of you is opaque to me there were indications, but I always selfishly dismissed them. I am sincerely sorry.”
In the end I sat down at my desk and wrote the solicitor's firm a letter thanking them for notifying me of my brother’s passing and accepting Henry’s bequest. When the watch arrived in the post I immediately took it to be cleaned. It did not feel like a denial of the past to make it my own.
“You will never find out, as you never shall.”
My head felt like it was about to split apart, my mouth like felt sand paper and had a very sour taste. My face was burning with shame.
“Nothing happened,” I repeated, hoping to get the truth of those words to penetrate whatever dark thoughts he was having.
“No, I am your friend and more than your friend. Do not expect me to stand idly by and watch as you attempt to destroy yourself.”
Had he been I should have known how to respond but as it stood, I felt utterly lost. And had he been a man easily deceived I should have been able to simply dismiss his observations but I knew that he was a very keen judge of character, which left me in a quandary. Either my observations about him were wrong or my convictions about myself were. I found neither thought a comfortable one.
His masked cracked when my lips touched his skin, as it had in Garrideb’s house and I saw all his love and all his fears well into his eyes. He raised his free hand and touched my cheek.
I ceased playing and glanced at the clock, it was well past one.
“I promise you I’ll never do that to you. I think that might be the only thing that would make you leave me permanently.”
“No, I should not call it a nightmare. While I cannot call it a pleasant business, I found it...”
“My apologies if my playing woke you,” I said as he crossed to room and sat down on the settee with a strangled groan.
My trousers lay discard across the back of one of the chairs of the dining table as I examined the wound caused by Evans’ bullet. It was indeed just a graze and thankfully in the same leg that had taken one already all those many years ago. And while it hurt it was no worse than the aches I dealt with from my older injury regularly.
“Intervene? Holmes you are not my keeper.”
“I should hope you’re right. But I wish I could have kept you safe today.”
Holmes pulled me close as the first one fell, and wrapped one arm around my back. The hand that had circled my wrist came up to cup the back of my neck. I felt his strong fingers anchoring me, a tether that kept me from drifting away and becoming lost.
My wonderful, brilliant Holmes. My doomed Holmes.
But then both Henry and I were always disappointments to him. He wanted ambitious sons, who could follow in his footsteps, carry on the family business which my father, in spite of his periodic heavy drinking managed to see prosper, and neither of us were that.
“I knew Evans to be quite incapacitated when I checked on you.”
His voice trailed off and he stared back into the fire.
Once she had departed with the vestiges of my meal, I picked up the letter once more.
“Watson,” he whispered in a broken voice. “I do not know what I would do if I lost you.”
Of course, had my father lived much would have been different. Perhaps Henry would have found the courage in the end to break away from him and the path set before him, just as I had. Instead Henry had taken up the mantle of our fathers' business at his death, something I felt had destroyed him as much as drinking had. Henry had no head for business and even less inclination.
I looked down at the watch I was still holding.
“Or a nightmare?” I countered.
“Well as you’ve remarked, few people bother to observe the obvious,” he said with the mildest voice.
It was a foolish thing to do, leaving, given my state of mind and had I had any sense I would have stayed. Unfortunately, exactly because of my state of mind I did not. Instead I found myself not long after at a pub, slowly getting deep in my cups. I knew it was inadvisable in more ways than one, yet I was unable to stop myself. It felt like the only thing that could drive out the persistent visions of my father snoring on the couch in a drunken stupor, Henry’s pained and angry look when we parted way and Holmes’s damn Morocco case.
Gingerly I sat up, swallowing against the wave of nausea the rose in my throat and slowly stood. I took the liberty of using Holmes’s washbasin to throw some water in my face. Seeing my face in the mirror I could see the dark circles beneath my eyes and the day-old stubble on my cheek, but I could do nothing about either.
He finally looked away from the fireplace, his eyes burning as hot as it did when his gaze met mine.
As for the words themselves I did not know what to make of what he had just said. While in appearance I took after my mother, my temperament was entirely my father’s and he was not a kind man. Yet I could tell that Watson was entirely earnest.
When I was done and I had bandaged my leg I packed up my things before going to the settee and dropping down on it. I took the afghan that was tossed over its back and covered my naked legs. I was too tired to consider going upstairs and had no desire to put on a pair of bloodied and torn trousers.
And yet, to refuse felt wrong. A denial of the truth. Both my brother and my father had been unable a shake off their addictions and I had been unable to help them. I could not deny that. Nor that those twin vices ran in my blood too.
“I will let you go when you are in your right mind. I regret that I did not intervene yesterday, I will not make that mistake again.”
“I’m sorry Holmes, but I don’t believe you.”
“How could it not?” I told him frankly, my voice rough and raw.
“I’m not some fragile thing that needs protection Holmes. And I do not want you to wrap me on cotton and put me in a drawer somewhere so I may not come to harm,” I added with considerably more heat than I had intended, but I could see the way his thoughts were turning and I would not accept a relationship where he kept me fettered out of fear that I might get hurt.
He smiled at my words but I could see he did not believe them. He turned his attention back to the fire and lost himself in his own thoughts while I surreptitiously studied him.
“I do not know how you managed to learn of my poor brother’s fate or that of my father’s but this was ungracious of you Holmes,” I hissed as I leapt to my feet and snatched the watch out of his hand.
“I should think there was a great need for me to explain, Holmes.”
I had always been more outgoing, getting on much better with my peers, but I was dreamy, always gazing towards the horizon. And I would rather spend all my time at play than pursue my studies. But then, spending the day in the streets with my friends meant not being at home and not being subjected to stern lectures about my failings or the guilt that if perhaps I had been a better son he would have been drinking less.
I knew that anything I said would start an argument that would almost inevitably wound his pride. He hated that his health had not yet recovered and I think not yet accepted that it most likely never fully would. So I simply said nothing but dropped the coverlet into his lap before resuming my previous seat.
Seeing me carrying it he said, “Oh no, Holmes. That isn’t necessary, I’m quite fine.”
“You were of far greater assistance than you realize, dear chap.”
I still recalled our bitter argument after father’s funeral, Henry berating me for leaving to join the army and me trying in vain to convince him to not follow his set course. He didn’t listen to me anymore than did I him. We had parted in anger and resentment, emotions that had been building for years between us, and had not spoken since. Henry’s course had led him to an early grave and mine had set my feet upon the path to Maiwand, to injury and illness, back to London with no one I felt I could turn to for help and finally to Holmes.
I suppose it is normal to believe that the notification of the death of a loved one will be accompanied by wailing and lamentations, or at least something more than the dry, exact words of a solicitor, but the latter was all the letter contained.
It was in this way that Holmes found me when he returned late that afternoon, brooding in front of the fire, lost in a mood so dark it rivalled his worst.
I leapt to my feet and headed for the door. I felt I could not stand being in the same room as he for one instant longer, could not bear facing him when he discovered the truth as I knew he inevitably would.
I spent hours deliberating the question. Did I want the watch? Did I want a constant reminder of both my father and my brother, the failings to which they both had fallen prey and which I had felt often enough nip at my own heels? Along with the remembrance of how utterly I had failed them both?
“May I?” he asked, holding out his hand.
I felt a wave of relief as he settled back down. Perhaps it was selfish to keep him here though between his pain and him being overtired I doubted he should get much from retiring apart from a restless, sleepless night.
“No, Holmes, I don’t hate you,” he said from behind his hands. “I could kill you, but I don’t hate you.”
“You know my methods,” Miss Holmes replied. From the pocket of her dressing gown she drew a lens and handed it to me, eyes alight with mischief. “Take a look for yourself and see what you can deduce about the man who has worn it.”
“Precisely so. And now, Jane, I believe there is one more bird for us to investigate this evening. Shall we venture into the kitchen and see what Mrs. Burns has saved for us?”
I do not consider myself a
Sanguinity asked for Holmes/Watson and "harried sawing."
Without a word, Watson tucked the Cellini silver under his arm and tossed a matchbox in my direction. As I lit my pipe, he resumed his careful examination of the ewer.
asked for ACD Watson and Mycroft and a medical emergency.
“Yes. A remarkable creature, that goose. It’s little wonder you should be so interested in it. It laid an egg after it was dead—the bonniest, brightest little blue egg that ever was seen. I have it here, in my waistcoat pocket.”
There was a clatter of something which I hoped very much was not the Duke’s Cellini. Watson appeared from behind an upright toboggan, brimming with excitement. He waved me aside and I complied as quickly as my old bones could manage.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Entirely,” said I.
“No.”
“Excellent. You know, I could always challenge McMurdo to another go next week—the odds are sure to be just staggering after tonight. You could make a pretty bundle.”
“If someone’s lost it, might’n’t there be a reward for having found it?” asked Mrs. Burns.
“And how is Big Joe? Still taking your money?”
“Doesn’t matter now, seeing as how you aren’t going.” Watson declared. There was a crinkling of newsprint as he scooped up
"What a marvelous help you were to me tonight, Jane,“ said she, taking my wrist in her hand, “I don’t know how I shall ever repay you.“
“Yes, well… I settled a few accounts last week and have a bit of a surplus. Why shouldn’t I lay a wager when the odds are good?”
“Try,” he replied, ever the optimist. “And hand me those overcoats, will you?”
“So you don’t need it for gardening, then?”
“You have been out of the ring for eight months. And you aren’t as young as you used to be.”
“No,” I replied, somewhat startled by the swiftness of my answer. “That is… I haven’t given much thought to the subject of husbands, but, if I should meet a man who was half as gallant and handsome as you, I should be very proud to call myself his wife.”
“Good evening,” I said, amicably.
“And the gentleman?” asked I.
“I know what it means, you idiot!
“I don’t want you to do anything for the next week besides rest, even if it means I have to tie you to the bed.”
“No, not at all. I am glad to have a friend with whom I can discuss my results. The matter, I admit, is a trivial one,” Miss Holmes began, sitting up enough to extinguish her cigarette. “But not entirely devoid of interest. Perhaps, even, of instruction."
“But why bring them to you? Why not restore them to their owner?”
monicapelser requested Mycroft and 'waking up'.
“You could have chosen a better time, you know,” Watson remarked, sinking into his own chair with a disgruntled harrumph. “Suppose I hadn’t returned for supper, what would you have done?”
Holmes did not know if his affections were returned, though he suspected as much–approximately a 61% likelihood, if such things could be measured in percentages. Shyly, he stole a glance at Watson beside him in the loge. As the music swelled, Watson reflexively gripped Holmes’s forearm. 67%.
“Here?”
“Well, Holmes,” said Watson, “It seems my dress uniform will be going to the church bazaar after all. So much the better—perhaps it’ll be put to use in a pageant or play or something.”
“You wouldn’t,” Holmes announced, though it sounded more like a hope than an observation.
“Where are you going?”
Holmes’s cheek was warm against the palm of his hand and he could feel Holmes’s pulse beneath the tender bruising. They grinned at one another with tired, world-weary grins.
requested Holmes/Watsob and "67%"
Shirley Holmes had opened her mouth to reply, when there came a desperate cry from elsewhere in the house. I sprang at once to my feet, and, feeling Miss Holmes’s hand upon my elbow, would have charged into unknown dangers, had not the door to the sitting room flown open at that moment, revealing the cook, Mrs. Burns, clutching a hand to her chest, her face flushed and gaping in astonishment.
“Best let me watch over ‘em, eh? Wouldn’t want you forgettin’ ol’ Joe again. They’ll be ready for you soon, Mr. ‘olmes. Best of luck to you.”
Mr. Ryder mopped his forehead with his handkerchief and told us how he and Miss Cusack had conspired to steal the stone. How, once Horner was arrested, Mr. Ryder had needed a place to hide the Blue Carbuncle, lest he be searched. He told us of his sister, now Mrs. Oakshott, who keeps geese in her home on Brixton Road, and who promised him his pick of her Christmas fowl. There seemed in the moment, Mr. Ryder explained, no better place to store the gem than inside his promised goose. He chose a distinct-looking bird—white, with a black tail—and forced the stone down its gizzard. He carried it off with him, or so he thought. But when the day came to slice it open and recover the carbuncle, Mr. Ryder found nothing.
“Quite so, Mrs. Hudson, quite so.”
“Then, go and ask the Devil, for all I care. I’ve had enough of you. Our of here!” With that, the tall man lunged forward sending the other skittering off into the darkness.
“I shall flee. I shall leave the country. The charge against him will break down. As you say, it is on my word that the conviction hinges.”
“I nicked it.”
“Don’t hate me,” said Holmes.
But Holmes had already gone.
“But then you never can tell. Do you remember when that Polish viscount slipped it into Lady Eberling’s tea? She swallowed a whole dram and only came out of it with a limp and a bad heart.
They arrived in time to enjoy two, mildly-stale beers each before a meaty four-fingered hand clamped onto Watson’s shoulder.
“Why not?”
“I didn’t wager on McMurdo. I wagered on
and your perfidious wager. You tricked me into fighting.”
suggested: Holmes/Watson, "quite so... middle class".
, feared getting hauled in for disorderly conduct. So there stood Peterson, with a fine goose and an old hat for his troubles.”
“Quite right,” agreed she. “As it happens, I have need of your library tonight.”
As Watson rooted about inside the trunk, a flash of bright crimson caught my eye. In the dust-addled sunlight, the color leapt out at me from the other beige and faded contents. A Maharaja’s ruby in the rough.
“Heaven help us, she’s doing it again,” remarked Alice with a roll of her eyes.
“Ah, that’s better,” said he.
“Then so much the better. Harry will find someone to make use of it. It’s good wool, after all.”
Of course, Holmes hadn’t behaved much better then, either…
“But you
“Humph! We will discuss that later. Now, let us hear a true account of the next act. How came the stone into the goose, and how came the goose into the open market? Tell us the truth, man, for I have no patience for lies.”
“Good,” said Holmes. He nodded and sprawled out supine on the settee. He put his hands behind his head and added, “I only hope your wager doesn’t have anything to do with the match I’m meant to be fighting this evening.”
“You said yourself it’s not fit to wear.”
He made his way across the room toward me, his eyes set upon the uniform which I had laid out atop an old writing desk.
It was a low blow—just the sort that made the crowd at the Punch Bowl giddy. Holmes sat up with alarming swiftness and fixed his sights on Watson once again.
“Plenty. I know there was a goose, sold by Mrs. Oakshott to this Breckinridge. And from this Breckinridge, I know it was sold to the landlord of the Alpha Inn, to be given away as part of their annual goose club. I know that it was given away, and to whom, and, what is of much more importance, I know where it is
“And how
"For the pairing and a prompt stories: ACD Lestrade & Mycroft and umbrella, please."
We found the sitting room occupied. In one corner sat our landlady, busy with her mending. Miss Alice Stamford, a friend and fellow nurse, laid across the divan with her foot up—a sprained ankle, which had kept her out of work since before Christmas. There with her were Miss Samuels, a milliner’s assistant, and Miss Jones, a typewriter, whose small Pekingese dog was the sole focus of their attention. Upon our arrival, the dog lifted its tasseled head, considered us for a moment, then dismissed us with a derisive sniff. The ladies around it did much the same. Miss Holmes and I, having availed ourselves of the tea tray and sandwiches on the sideboard, settled into chairs by the fire.
“Yes, I’m afraid we had to, or it wouldn’t have been much good to anyone. However, I do have another goose of about the same weight and quality as the one you lost, if that will be a satisfactory substitute? Miss Watson, would you be so kind as to ask Mrs. Burns to bring in the goose?”
“Are you hungry, Jane?” she asked, laying a hand upon my knee.
“Let’s see… haversack, ammunition pouches, what’s all this? Oh yes, dismissal papers…”
“You adore trouble,” Holmes mumbled, face resolutely buried in the cushion.
Miss Holmes is a collector of unlikely friends. Some days, I suspect she must be acquainted with half of all Londoners, for everywhere she goes it seems there is someone who recognizes her, or credits her with the solution to one of their problems. While she is not, regrettably, universally well-liked, she has a particular rapport with the veterans who serve as night-watchmen and commissionaires, this man Peterson among them. Still, what a sight it must have been on Christmas morn to see the elderly Peterson calling on the young Miss Holmes with a goose and an old battered felt as gifts. I giggled to imagine what the neighbors must have thought.
“Yes, yes,” said I with a wave of my hand, “I’ll finish in a moment.”
“I hope you know, Watson, that this is all your fault.”
goose. There was one bird—white, with a black tail—in which you were interested.”
“Poor Harriet,” I said through a giggle, “She’s wanted a new dress for ages.”
“Holmes, don’t you think you had better reconsider?”
“Have you?” he asked. His hands came to rest on my knees, and mine upon his. There was that impish smile, half-hidden beneath his mustache, which had first won me over a lifetime ago. He continued, “Suppose I were to augment my terms in light of the circumstances?”
“Yes. You will recall I was very much impressed with his sleight of hand, particularly—humph—particularly—argh—I say, would you be a dear and lay that cushion down for me? Thank you…ah, where was I?“
“I’m resting.”
Her words caught me off-guard. I confess, I flushed to hear myself called ‘wife’. I was stammering for a reply when the landlord interjected.
Up the stairs we dashed, though I could not for the life of me imagine to what end. Once in our room, Miss Holmes set the priceless stone on her dressing table and began rifling through the piles of newspapers which littered her side of our shared home. When at last she found her mark, she gave a short cry and smoothed the paper open on her bed. The point of her long, thin finger directed me to an article, the headline of which read: HOTEL COSMOPOLITAN JEWEL ROBBERY.
are talking about you stopping by the Punch Bowl on your way home and speaking to Big Joe. Presumably to place a bet, since I can’t imagine the two of you have much to discuss convivially.”
“Then I am afraid, my dear fellow, that you have once again thrown your money away. I just spent the last four hours pretending to be a human cartwheel. There is no possible way I could best McMurdo in this state.”
We hurried through the market after the curious little man. Miss Holmes, in flat shoes and trousers, was much quicker than I, and in short measure managed to overtake our quarry. She seized him by the shoulder, causing him to cry out in alarm. I hurried to her side.
requested Holmes/Watson and coffee.
“Oh, yes. But the thousand pounds offered for its recovery is barely even a twentieth of its true value.”
Set within the universe of
“A sure thing, then?” asked Holmes.
“It’s a colloquial term. It means ‘to lose on purpose’.”
, thinks Mycroft,
Miss Holmes held the hat aloft and gazed at it with that peculiar introspective fashion of hers. By now, half the denizens of 221 Baker Street were gathered in the sitting room, eager to witness what Alice Stamford called ‘the show’. While it angered me to think of Miss Holmes’s talents regarded as no more than a cheap parlour trick, it nevertheless amused Miss Holmes. She had a flair for the theatrical and was apt to indulge it in such moments.
If there is such a thing as too much silence, it is the Diogenes Club. When I first returned from Afghanistan, I thought peace and quiet were what I needed above all else—a soothing balm for my shaken nerves—but standing in the salon with cloth galoshes to muffle the sound of footsteps against the parquet floor, I long for the cacophonous din of Baker Street. I finish relating to Mycroft the details of his brother’s death and his eyes glisten with such a far away sadness, I am afraid the silence will swallow us whole.
, he sees once more the oaks, limes, and fens of his ancestral home; smells the chalky damp of the halls; thinks distantly, fondly, of a friend he’d once had… the wisest and best man he’d ever known.
Additional inspiration from
The words were no sooner out of my mouth than there came the sound of Mrs. Keeler’s tread upon the attic stair. She appeared from behind a brace of snowshoes and proclaimed the luncheon table was set in the garden and urged us not to delay, lest the insects get to it first. With that, she trotted back down the steps, blissfully unaware of the position she’d forced upon me.
“But who are you, sir? And how do you know of this business?”
For @monicapelser who asked for "When it rains/snows/storms" and the Holmes Brothers
“I dare say you haven’t. Mr. Baker, I believe?”
monicapelser asked:
It was good wool. And rather expensive, if I remembered correctly. While most of the inside lining was shredded, there were still one or two places where the silk might be salvaged, cut away to have a second life as an artificial flower or hat ribbon. Such a fate was, I had to admit, far more appealing than leaving it for packed away among the cobwebs for another decade or two.
“Yes. My wife here was talking not an hour ago with a Mrs. Henry Baker. Seems her husband’s a member of your goose club. So impressive was this goose of yours that the wife demanded we come straight down and get one of our own. Isn’t that so, my dear?”
“It is. You were in no shape to fight this afternoon. You even admitted it, which is—well, I shouldn’t have insisted.”
. Here, they both smile, if sadly, for they are both correct and they know it.
“I am not retained by the police to supply their deficiencies,” said she, “Send him to jail now, and he will be a jail-bird for life! No. I do not think we will hear of any more criminal exploits from Mr. Ryder. This experience has, I believe, frightened some sense into him. See if it doesn’t!”
As he drew closer, I sat upon the writing table, the tunic and trousers tucked securely underneath me. He came to a stop before me, his legs against my knees. We gazed at each other for moment, my eyes tracing across the face I knew so well.
“Girls, please, there’s no need to shout,” Mrs. Hudson chided. “This is a respectable house.”
Sanguinity wished to know Holmes's opinion on Bee Skeps.
“You don’t look very busy,” he observed.
The modern hive is like a city: inspectable, dissectible, neatly ordered into little rows. On the other hand, a skep is like a country seat: charming to look at, yes, but inaccessible to the outsider. Who knows what horrors lurk inside its cozy coils.
he asked himself,
“No, no, they’re far too ratty for the jumble.”
requested Holmes/Watson and the prompt "you're home early."
Watson shrugged, smirk still clinging to the corner of his mouth.
“Yes, right. I was particularly impressed with his escape tricks. Freeing himself from manacles in a locked trunk, wriggling out of a straight-jacket, all that business. I managed the manacles this morning and the straight jacket by dinner, however I seem to be having a bit of difficulty with the ‘American hog-tie’.”
Stripped down to his shirtsleeves, Watson returned to the settee and stooped to admire Mrs. Hudson’s handiwork. He was no seaman, but nevertheless he could appreciate the use of interlocking friction hitches, like a dual pair of boatswain’s handcuffs. Tidy-looking and effective. Perhaps Holmes was right and she really was a pirate queen, or, at the very least, eager for a chance to have the floors scrubbed and the laundry aired without Holmes’s usual interferences.
“Put it on,” I urged.
“Of course, we do still have the trimmings of the one you lost, should you want them. Feathers, bones, crop…”
“You don’t think I could have actually lost to that ham-fisted Goliath, do you? I’m just glad I managed to hit the bucket on the first fall. Scalp wounds are wonderfully dramatic, don’t you think? Hadn’t counted on him trampling my hand, though—pity, that. I should say whoever pegged him at twenty stone was giving a rather conservative estimate. Probably closer to twenty-three.” Holmes gave his thumb an experimental wiggle and cringed. “…Do you hate me?”
With a tedious and effusive ‘good evening’, Mr. Baker made his departure, leaving Miss Holmes and myself alone in the library.
It was all the intolerable curse of England’s single summer night: the heat, the midges, the sweat, the noise. Holmes pressed a pillow over his ears, then another, then considered one over Watson’s face. As the crickets droned, Holmes begged for deliverance from the harried sawing of his lover’s snores…
“No, you wouldn’t,” Holmes repeated. “You said it was a sure thing—when has my losing ever been a sure thing?”
“I threw the fight,” he said.
Miss Holmes drained the last ruby drops of claret from her glass with relish, the color of the wine seeming to spread across her cheeks.
“Excellent! Then I suggest we turn our dinner into supper and follow this fresh clue while it is still warm. Mrs. Burns? Mrs. Burns! Save us some choice bits of that goose, will you? Miss Watson and I are stepping out.”
“I’m taking my jacket off,” he said, “Unless you have any objections.”
Cordially Yours,
“No, but you see, one of them’s mine, just the same,” answered the other man, picking himself up.
suggested: Mycroft & Watson, the Diogenes Club.
It was a silly idea, thought Watson at first, running a line between their bedrooms–a children’s game. But whenever the nights grew lonely, he was grateful for the rattle of the tin can against the window. Pressed against his ear, the best he could make out was a garbled echo that he knew meant: “I love you.”
“Excluding, naturally! I shouldn’t want the town council accusing us of encouraging gambling or card-sharping.”
requested Victor Trevor and "coming home".
But my remark was premature, as at that same moment there was a great cacophony of overturned buckets and smashed crates coming from the same stall. We hurried in the direction of the commotion and watched as a tall, russet-haired fellow in a white apron stood in the stall doorway, shaking his fist at a whinging figure crouched before him.
“So they does. And that’s just the kinda bloke I am—forgivin’” Big Joe agreed, his grip on Watson’s shoulder tightening. “You wouldn’t ‘appen to ‘ave the rest of me money with you, would you, Doc? Cash this time.”
“Yes.”
in Miss Holmes’s goose. If anyone’s to have the thousand pounds, it’s her.”
requested Watson, Mycroft and "spiral".
“It isn’t a divination, merely
“You are engaged,” said I, when she made no reply to my greeting. “Perhaps I interrupt you.”
“Only that whoever lost it is better off without it!” she declared, much to the amusement of her compatriots.
“What? Oh, sir! Oh, Heaven bless you, sir!”
“What about the wife?” asked Miss Jones, clutching her dog to her chest, “You said she had ceased to love him.”
“Well, I—“
“You’d better,” said Watson. “…I’ve got ten pounds riding on this match.”
a home visit… Should make this into a very profitable evening.”
You’re talking about.”
Watson very nearly choked on his own tongue. “Wh-guh—Why would I hate you?”
“Has it returned to life and flapped out the kitchen window?” Miss Samuels asked sardonically, much to the amusement of the other girls.
“Not at all. What’s that you’re sitting on?”
He scoffed at that. “Remember our terms—you agreed to fill five by lunch.”
Miss Holmes smiled at me, a fond smile, which set my blood afire. “Oh, Jane… you see more than you know. You are simply too timid in drawing your inferences.”
“It is all very ingenious,” I said with a laugh, “But how does that help us to find our man?”
“Oh, but… oughtn’t you to change?” I asked.
“Now then, to Covent Garden, and to this Mr. Breckinridge!”
I removed the object from my head and turned it over. It had seemed rather stiff and unappealing as a hat, and I could see now how such a stiffened hide would serve better to defend against enemies than against the sun. Holding it up, I could almost recall it hanging on the wall in Baker Street beside the portrait of the General and a pair of ‘bejeweled’ oriental-style daggers I had spirited away from a production of Othello.
Some boys have aquaria, or keep toads in boxes, I had Sherlock. How amusing, how enthralling to watch him learn first how to hold a spoon, then how to decline Latin, and, at last, that he was much more clever than the rest of them. While I have always enjoyed watching him learn, I never supposed he had anything to teach me; nevertheless, watching them now, together, I am learning what it means to love.
“What… What is?”
As the two men busied themselves, John with tidying up the packaging and bits of foam which now had decided it’d be fun to float around rather than stay put, and Sherlock with trying to recall how and why he knew a K. Schmidt, along with why they would she send him such a piece of work, neither noticed that the android’s eyes had opened and they now sat on the ground, watching them silently.
Sherlock watched her for a few moments, entranced in the story that he could read in her expression and actions. Since she had heard that Sleeping Beauty was called Aurora like her, she had taken to playing Briar Rose when it was just the two of them.
“John!” Sherlock shouted. Moments later he heard Rosie’s beginning of a tantrum, and John shuffling around their bedroom, finding ways to stop that from happening.
The android raised an eyebrow at him, smoothing out herself.
"I thought you two knew better than to throw thing's at people, especially your little sister!"
John heard Missy yelling out loud, and clicks of various firearm’s safety going off. The doctor opened his eyes, seeing at least six rifles pointed at them, the others still hidden in the shadows. He felt a slight movement behind him and heard Sherlock whispering unintelligible words.
The boys coughed and rubbed his eyes as best he could, looking at the pair.
“Cameras,” Mycroft’s voice echoed throughout the vacant lot, “keep your eyes open.”
“Now Rosie, you’re being silly,” John said, raising an eyebrow in a similar way to Missy, “she has to, it’s part of her new job.”
“I’m not afraid of the box, John…” He said, as if speaking to a child, walking towards the box slowly, holding back the urge to open it himself, his curiosity peaking as he went through his collection of handwriting samples and their corresponding owner within his mind palace.
She had been following Sherlock’s work through John’s blog since their first case together. In many ways, she related to him, often too smart to be liked by others. She had hoped that the android would help Sherlock learn, by programming it semantically.
The two could crawl around, walk well but better when holding hands or generally side by side, pick up items as well as identify them when asked about them, drink from cups, everything relatively advanced toddlers could.
he thought,
His toes twitched as he shot a look at her, the look that encompassed all the w-questions -
“Rather handy that, as you make me happy all the time too, mini human…” Rosie giggled at Missy’s pet name for her, “what am I going to do when you are no longer a smaller version of you..?”
The birthday boy and girl sat away from the rest, upon the fluffy rug in front of the fire, an activity it had taken their parents much stressing and observing to realise was not dangerous for them, as the two seem fascinated and content to just watch the dancing flames, without having to be told not to touch it.
This was when she lifted her hand and pointed to their sister, jumping forwards before taking a back in surprise. She began to walk around the "occupied" space, scrunching her face up and sneering at them, before pointing to their face.
On Saturday morning while Sherlock was in his mind palace, Missy took the chance to reorganise the flat and all his data… that was when all hell broke loose in two two one B Baker Street.
"Hey, hey, it's not that bad... Is it?" He asked, trying to make light of the situation, to no avail.
“I can’t believe you just told a four year old to get over it…” John said, before forcing a laugh, “what am I saying, of course I can, it’s you!”
“Package for Mr Holmes,” the man on the left said, while presenting a piece of paper to Mrs Hudson’s, a courier slip.
Not long after their sister was born a change was obvious in their youngest son, for one he had started to speak in a desperate attempt to gain more of their parents attention from the baby.
“Of course I realise it was loud… I said it was too much, duh, honestly.”
“Sherlock dear,” she said softly, “something special’s arrived for you dear, from Germany… I didn’t know you had any German friends… I could have guessed Mycroft had, by his men delivering it but… Wake up dear before little Rosie opens it,” she said, teasingly.
“And? What’s wrong with speaking baby?”
“Ta-daa! Surprise surprise,
The two were drawing, Victor designing his and Sherlock's ship, while Aurora was doing their flag, or at least had been. The six year old girl now sat there, staring at her brothers empty bed, which had been made up by their housekeeper, tears welling up in her eyes. Victor lifted his head up, beaming as he showed her his work, only to see tears rolling down his friends cheeks.
Once Rosie was asleep Missy made her way downstairs, finding Sherlock alone, laying on his back upon the sofa, reading.
This so far had resulted in him being scratched, hit and "gummed" by Rose, while only being tapped by William. It was clear that the girl had a temper, and knew how to throw her weight around when it suited her, as whenever their parents were around she would play the perfect angel.
“No swearing with Rosie in the house.” Sherlock cut Greg off mid-swear.
John rolled his eyes and looked towards Sherlock, he walked over to him, rubbing his shoulder gently.
It was the evening of the twins first birthday, the five of them sat together in the living room, mother and father upon the sofa, side by side. Mycroft sat upon the floor, leaning against the sofa, his nose buried in a book as he munched away at some of the twins birthday cake.
They seemed to ignore her until Rosa turned her head slightly, looking at the three sat behind them. She seemed to sigh as she nudged her twin. The two looked at each other, rose to their feet, going to their parents hand in hand.
Mycroft loves pies. That makes him just a tad bit more human.
Missy ran into the back room, found the metal door going down to the basement, she had downloaded the schematics of the building so she knew where the best place to keep a hostage.
“Sherlock, please come back. I need you.” He whispered as he reluctantly carried Rosie with him on one arm and Lily in the other, gently shushing them both to sleep.
” (What do you really want?) Mycroft said from behind Missy.
“Oh yeah? You stuck your tongue out first!”
“Take Rosie off me, would’ya? My shoulder hurts.”
After the session they were informed that Rosa was more than capable of speaking, she merely chose not to, with assurances that she would stat to talk when she wanted to. As far as they could tell her development shouldn't be hindered by this, somewhat, bizarre choice.
“Missy, you’re rambling…” John said softly, guiding her into the hospital behind Mycroft.
Sherlock turned to face his sister, their eyes met as she she had done the same. A small smile brushed her lips as she nodded her consent to this agreement, before going to take a seat upon the large rock once again, to watch the fight.
” (Retreat! Retreat!) The once armed men of Mr. Schmidt started retreating, heading for the underground door that lead back to the ground floor.
"We fell into the..." Victor started
Though still clearly identical, her face was beginning to to change in the way he had read that girls faces do most of the time when compared to boys.
Their parents had brought her to see a child speech therapist, who spent a good few hours working with the little girl, while her parents waited outside, the only sounds they heard from inside was that of the therapist speaking, and laugh.
” (You know that it is not possible. She is too dangerous to be in anyone’s possession.)
“I was under the impression, Mr. Holmes, that you played a hand in her design,” one of the heads said, eyebrow raised.
This was why as their mother domineered over the two he felt a deep disappointment in the sudden change in character in his little girl.
“Sherlock, you know I can’t read German as well as I used to. Just translate it for me, please?”
“I assumed as much, but… I wished to speak with you, actually… If you are willing to listen…” She walked closer to him, rolling his eyes as the book stayed in place.
She nodded, lips pressed together and sucked in slightly.
She tried to pull away, more so as Mycroft held the door open for them. John looked to her before letting go of her hand, and walking over to Mycroft.
They were pulling faces at each other! It started with a tongue out leer from Sherlock, Missy copied him and added wriggling fingers next to her face. It had soon evolved to flipping each other off. With a quick swat, John slapped Sherlock’s hand down and told Missy to put hers down too.
“Yes you will, my little one, yes you will, and I always be there for you, no matter what.”
"Aber du hast gesagt, du wärst alt und brauchst... Du bist nicht alt oder büchst... " (But you said you would be old and in need of ironing… You're not old or need ironing…) Missy said, her voice reflecting the look in eyes, all the knowledge in the world was useless to the little machine girl. Karen laughed softly, coughing slightly,
As long as Karen was safe, it didn't matter what would happen to herself, even if they did decommission her for good.
At this he looked away, the mere thought of some other kid causing her actual pain or upsetting her, hitting him harder than he had expected. He felt deep set anger, an inner want and desperate need to beat up the hypothetically child.
The older woman sat back, sighing heavily, shaking her head.
“Please… Please wake up… I don’t like this game, it’s not fun or funny… Please, it isn’t time to sleep… Mutti… Bitte Mutti… ” (Mama… Please Mama…)
Just when John thought everything would get better, the next few days snowballed downhill. Lestrade called with a case and Sherlock left without saying a word in the middle of the night, leaving John with a two year old toddler and a seven month old baby.
“John. I’m sorry… It… It must’ve been tough with both of them…”
She rose up to her feet, putting her hand on his shoulder, he looked up at her as she carefully took hold of his hands she pulled him so he was standing as well. She beamed at him as she began to guide him around, dancing to music only she could hear.
Now beginning to show with their next child, she was concerned that Rose's domineering personality would not only hinder hers and her twins development, but that of the unborn child once they were introduced to the world.
Silence filled the air as the android wept as long as she could, tenderly stroking her human’s hair, her cheeks damp and sticky.
"You two are weird..." Victor said, instantly gaining the Holmes children's attention, though where Sherlock look hurt Aurora looked murderous.
If John had a choice, he would have stormed out the flat and went to Rosie, leaving the two to sort themselves out. He was so wrapped in this ideal scenario he hadn’t noticed they had stopped verbally insulting each other and had progressed to a glaring match.
“Could this be a trap? You know how creative your enemies can be…”
"Erm, sorry... I just thought it was needed... In the moment..."
Mycroft hung up on Sherlock the moment he finished his sentence.
That was until dinner that night.
John had a sudden realization-
“And she doesn’t have to get over anything… Because I
"I don know... Who's he?" She asked, pointing to the red haired child as she stared at the stranger.
"Well... At least mums gonna kill both of us now," Sherlock said, earning a light thump in the arm off his twin, though she couldn't help but nod, sighing.
"Yes, really... Oh don't do that... I don't care that you don't talk, you don't need to with me I can tell what your trying to say without stupid words, but other kids pro bob lie won't, and it'd just make it easier for you..."
The android paused, looking intently at the little human before she seemed to hear his question, or at least decided to respond.
“I have told you, we would be there by now… If we did not have to wait on your precious little car… It’s so outdated…”
“I give up. I. Give. Up!” He laid Lily down on his chair and locked Rosie in her playpen. The children were wailing, screaming and crying, but John couldn’t do it anymore. It had been four days alone with the kids and he had taken time off the clinic.
“I can’t observe and deduce like you do, love. Talk to me, please?”
“I think it might be best if I took it from here… She won’t want you near Dr Schmidt after what happened… Wait by the car, or leave… I couldn’t care less, to be honest.” John stood in a stance, seeming to grow so he was eye to eye with the older Holmes.
She didn't mind their little sister half as much as her twin did, finding it pleasant that she was no longer the only girl. However when Sherlock cleared his throat she went back to his side instantly, snuggling close to him, kissing him softly as she cuddled his arm, laying her head upon his shoulder.
With the new information of Mycroft being involved from the beginning in the know, the three worked separately, well at least Missy did, John needed his lover's help as he still was not at the same level with deduction or using his mind palace.
"What's your name, what did you want?" He asked of the boy, who was now walking towards the pair.
“It is true, I mean come on, remove the overly open campness, change the accent and we could play ‘which arse is which?’ Is it the one that let this happen under his nose, no doubt busy eating cake,” she said, indicating Mycroft, “or, the one dumb enough to not see this coming…”
“I do not mumble, Lestrade.” Without another word, Sherlock ran out of Lestrade’s office, much to the DI’s delight.
Code: 002
“File corrupted or improperly removed from database,” the same artificial voice called out before she resumed, eyebrow raised with her arms bent at the elbow and pointed to the sides with her hands palms up. “Did I miss anything out, boys?”
She rolled her eyes, reaching forwards, she took his hands in hers once again and kissed him lightly on the lips, holding there for a few moments, till she felt him relax and return it. Victor cleared his throat, his face bright red as he looked down. Aurora was smiling somewhat smugly to herself, pleased to see that she had the same affect on other boys as she did on her brother.
The eldest Holmes sibling stood before a large projection at the head of a long table, on the screen was an image of the machine in the form she had first arrived in.
“Go home, Sherlock. There’s nothing more.” Greg hung his head between his shoulders, exhausted from running around with Sherlock the past three nights. “How does John do it?”
"Oh, I mean your princess, dis on earing your princess."
Sherlock looked at the other boys weapon, nodding slightly he kissed his sisters cheek whispering.
How Sherlock had spent days studying skid marks after one particular case where his doctor was kidnapped by a passing vehicle, and he couldn't determine the skid marks of the particular model that took John. They almost lost each other that time and the detective had taken months to stop berating himself over it.
On catching John’s eye she shrugged, looking away slightly,
“Du kannst Hitler Hallo sagen. ” (You can say hello to Hitler.) She twisted his head near clean off, blood bursting forth, coating her in it.
Their mother had been watching them closely, desperate to catch and hear their first words.
Aurora rolled her eyes and head, pressing upon her cheek where she had hit on their sister, shaking her head as she pointed to where the other marks had been, before pressing against her eye lids, tapping her head.
“Sherlock, it's all yours. This Schmidt only addressed it to you. I’m going to leave you two to get acquainted. Just don’t blow up the flat again.” He waved his left hand in the air saying goodbye to his partner and the new toy, trotted downstairs to join Rosie and Mrs Hudson for tea.
“You read my mind.”
Leaving Sherlock to read the note, he went to the fireplace and pulled the knife from the Cluedo board, before he began to carefully slice through the seals on the box.
Nothing explicit but just a heads up
Sherlock carried Rosie into the bedroom and laid her in the middle, turned on the baby monitor and went back to the living room.
Sherlock now knew that Missy had some form of capacity for emotions, watching how the machine had almost instinctive knowledge on and interact with Rosie.
Her jaw dropped at the boys nerve, accusing her of... Inwardly she kicked herself, he was "technically" right, but still...
“Stop that, Sherlock. You’re not a child. Now what could have possibly happened to warrant such behaviour?” John snapped his fingers in his lover’s face when he noticed the glares hadn’t stopped.
Both parents looked down at him in disapproval, before their mother cleared her throat and continued.
The red haired boy stepped forwards and embraced her, stroking her hair as she lay her head upon his shoulder.
she thought.
Aurora just wept silently as she looked lovingly at her twins empty bed, she picked up her piece of paper and began to tear it to shreds, her bottom lip shaking as her jaw clenched, in an attempt to hid her tears from Victor.
“Hello Sherlock, you may or may not be aware of my existence, but I have been following your work throughout the years. Very impressive work, even inspired me to do this for you… us. I am very much like you, except I’ve applied my intelligence towards a different sector of work altogether. Also like you, I’ve suppressed my innate human nature deep within, until I met the love of my life. I wish this may never arrive at your doorsteps, because when it does, I am either missing or dead, most likely the latter. Please, do not let this fall into the wrong hands. Signed K. Schmidt.”
“Who is it?” She called, with no response at the door, she left the latch on and took a peek out the door, seeing two well-dressed men with a large sealed box in between on her doorstep.
"Come in Mike, nothing to be afraid of dear," Mycroft cleared his throat, straightened his back and made his way into the room.
Why was he having so much trouble asking him? He’d known this man for years, sharing practically everything, and as of relatively recently literally everything, he’d seen him order worse things than sex toys.
"Foolish boy, letting the lady disk track you!" He cried, before going to his twins side, "she aids me, not you," he said, looking to her to confirm this.
He cleared his throat before, turning to meet the heads eye.
There was an alleyway right in the blind spot of the two CCTVs. As the group went deeper into the dark alley, Sherlock spotted some skid marks at the corner turning right.
Missy rolled her eyes, raising an eyebrow at him.
Alone again, the twins enjoy their intimate relationship, if only Aurora wasn't such a cluts
For Mycroft, it was a question of would it turn into a full-on war with the people hunting down Missy. Which side would the machine be on? Could she be turned into a mindless weapon, reprogrammed into the world’s worst nightmare? He gave the machine a backward glance, holding all his disdain for the abomination within it.
Once the last piece of plastic had been sliced, the box blossomed out like petals, almost seeming to sigh with relief, revealing the form of a young woman.
As of this moment, he knew he had to find Karen, and there was no other way to do it but to ask Mycroft. He needed to know. Karen Schmidt.
They stayed like that for what felt like the longest moment, yes they had kissed each other before but something about this... The emotions around it, involved in, had caused it.
She had been permitted to return home while training, where she had gone through the changes in the small families living situation, or at least how her new role may affect them.
John cleared his throat catching Mycroft’s attention, and mouthed ‘it’s fine’.
“That explains the attitude…”
Victor slowly took hold of her hand, only to be shoved away, falling back onto the ground, the shreds of paper scattering into the air around them, her eyes were a light, flames burning in them as she now glowered at the bed, willing it to set alight.
Across the city, Missy sat in the livingroom as John tried to put a very distraught and overly tired Rosie to bed. The child's screams and wails painfully clear to the android, who hung her head feeling like shit for causing the little ones to become so upset.
“In short, any one working in politics is too dumb to like me…” She ran her eyes over Mycroft and the man who was pointing the gun at Schmidt, “also they need to go on diet…”
Both twins looked at the stranger in the water with narrowed eyes, waiting for him to make his next move.
She looked to him, nodding ever so slightly as she rose to her feet, walking over to Sherlock, eyebrow raised.
She led the way up, opening the door to the kitchen and gently shoved aside the mess. The two laid the box upon the kitchen table with a loud thud. The table surprisingly was able to take the weight of it without issue, much to the landlady’s surprise considering it took two well built men to carry it up.
"I'm Sherlock Holmes, she's my twin Aurora... She still doesn't like you." He said, making Victor snigger slightly.
“Sherlock…” John hissed, fighting to take his eyes off of the unexpected delivery, “I thought you said… Oh my God Sherlock please… She’s not breathing!”
"Hey!" He snapped, climbing to his feet before grabbing her hands again, forcing them down between them, looking her dead in the eye. "I'm not him, I don't hate that you're trying to fit in, I like you for it... You know what's needed more than he does, he's jealous that's all. HE is, not me, so don't take it out on me."
Happy Birthday Lilith Abigail Watson-Holmes!
He heard the sound come from somewhere else, not her... But him. It almost seemed like this had been his whole purpose, why he was so different, so curious and desperate to learn everything. So that he could find out how he and his beloved twin could become even closer than he had ever previously imagined.
The two stared each other out before he nodded, turned on his heel and walked back, past Missy.
“Missy is going to stick out. She’s obviously not human enough to blend into societ-- Oh…”
Twenty minutes later they pulled up at the hospital, Missy leapt out, quietly thanking the driver, before opening the door for the doctor.
She reached for Sherlock, who took her hand and pulled her close, with her snuggling close to him, before she pointed to Sherlock and where the invisible stranger was stood in her staging of this, and pretended to have a sword fight with them, indicating she was sat the side.
"This is why I haven't been so active the past few days," his mother explained, though Mycroft hardly heard her, his mind racing in horror at the prospect that these... Thing's were here to stay.
“It speaks… “ John said, unsure in himself if he was really surprised by this, considering she looked like a real woman it would make sense that she could talk.
The three were walking to the twins home together, as they always did after school, however this time there was not a single word uttered. Victor looked between the two, Aurora was looking at her brother with her brow creased, eyes going to Victor she shrugged, he merely sighed.
“Seriously John, not everyone's world revolves around procreational acts,” he said, making his lover raise his eyebrows high.
"Cheeky, so very cheeky," he mused, earning a slight look of disapproval from his wife.
“ Fliege schnell die Jahre, eine Saison nach dem anderen, beladen mit Glück und Tränen... Eine Saison nach einem anderen... ” (Swiftly fly the years, one season following another, laden with happiness and tears… One season following another…) She felt her creator draw in a shaking breath, before her body went limp, “ Laden mit Glück und Tränen... ” (Laden with happiness and tears). The android held the woman close, her blood spreading and smearing onto her, sobbing heavily.
"He's alright," at this she lowered the sword, somewhat reluctantly, rolling her eyes at her brothers foolishness.
“No.” He cut him off, finger pointing at him accusingly, “you promised you wouldn’t do that again. You do realize now we have Lily, yeah? Our baby, you said. I needed you, Sherlock. I almost gave up. I almost… the thought of not having you around anymore… I just… can’t.” John bit off a sob, but Sherlock knew what was going through his mind.
“Thanks, but you’re not my type…” Earning a disapproving look from her doctor, she hung her head slightly.
“No, it’s not a computer, only outdated places use computers of that size…”
“Missy.” He said, sternly, sighing heavily, before he leaned in and whispered, “your Sherlock is showing.” Making the android snigger as she nodded, putting her hands up in surrender.
She shook her head, closing her eyes for a moment before she said softly.
Especially when it comes to little Euros
Just as she was leaving, she stopped at the door upon hearing the youngest occupant cooing to herself from the bedroom. No doubt the reason why Sherlock was sleeping on the sofa rather than in bed with his partner.
John exhaled sharply and jumped in surprise when the android spoke.
"Cheeky thing," their father playfully tutted, kissing the top of her head, earning a small smile from her.
“Read it again. Maybe you’ll be able to keep up then.”
Sherlock thought, before he shouted for John, only to hear a soft cooing from the now open flat door. Rosie was in John’s arms, smiling at the android and struggling to leap towards it. John felt the wriggling and held the toddler out, reaching towards the android.
"But I don't wanna play with her! I wanna play with Aurora!" The curly haired five year old boy protested, as he tried to squirm out of his mothers grasp to join his twin, who stood just outside of the garden gate, watching silently.
.” (One more step and I’ll shoot. Wife or not.)
As he felt her respond to his actions, he reached his other arm around to cup hold her waist, pulling her body even closer to his, when she shifted herself so that she was in his lap their bodies pressed together so close the only thing separating them was the clothing they wore.
The description of Sherlock and Mycroft's costume was inspired by the following : https://www.deviantart.com/madmoro
“I’d say bye to Rosie of course, before we went… It’d only be fair to the little one…” This caused John to chuckle, patting her back, “would I be permitted to see her still, even after I go home with Dr Schmidt?” She asked, eyes begging him to agree.
The four had been sat around the table, a new habit that John wanted to get Sherlock into, so they could eat as a family, even though for the most part the detective didn’t eat or even touch his food.
What she had seen however was it seemed to Rose stopping her brother from talking, whenever it seemed like he was about to, he would look to his twin and stop.
John spent the next hour hushing Rosie to sleep, pacing around the kitchen before rejoining the group, unaware that Missy had been watching them, biting her lip. When she could sense only Rosie’s eyes on her, she waved, mouthing ‘night night’, earning a small tired wave from the child as her father carried her out the room.
Now Sherlock wanted only to be with Aurora, never leaving her side, even less than when they were toddlers, trying to not only keep her to himself but to keep her away their younger sister, as if she would poison his precious womb mate.
This usually seemed to be initiated by William, who either dragged along or was followed by Rose, wanting both of his siblings attention. Although less than a year old the twins personalities shone through, the only way to tell them apart really due to their still near identical appearance.
“She’ll be alright, just a bit tired mixed with upset about you going away, but she’ll understand…”
Karen slowly lifted her hand to caress her android’s cheek, gently shushing her, a small smile on her lips, her eyes meeting with Missy’s.
At this she stopped, turning to face him, seeing that he was looking down. She looked at her reflection, tilting her head before nodding.
She indicated that the two had been playing when a new boy had turned up and joined them, before falling back as she began to splash in the air, tugging at her clothes.
“Good, I will go back up to Rosie, goodnight Sherlock,” she said, as she turned to go up.
“Don’t shush me. That was really loud if you didn’t realise it already. We need to move quickly before someone realises we’re here.”
"I know it's ob fee ice that they didn't look the same... That only the one that wasn't self in flick ted, but... Surely you know by now that what's ob fee ice to us, isn't always to other people..."
He watched her, waiting and trying to read the perfect time to step in, to comfort her. Although she had began to "normalise" herself within their school time, outside she was still an enigma to the little boy, yet that was part of the reason why he liked the pair, they were who they were. Odd, but together, or at least used to be like that before they began to attend school.
Since they were born the two seemed to be drawn to a particular parent, Sherlock to their mother, who had begun to teach him the first stages of mathematics, and Aurora their father, who found her "dramatic" replacements for speech both amusing and endearing.
John was peeking at the card held in Sherlock’s tweezers. He hadn’t used German for a long time, but it wasn’t difficult to pick up words that he recognized, and piece the note together.
A knock on his door snapped his attention back into the present. As Anthea closed the door, she held a MI6 classified file in her hand and handed it to Mycroft.
However, it became all to clear to him that along with having two unwanted siblings dumped on him at once, his mother was behaving in a similar way to how she had in what Mycroft had now come to realise were the early days of pregnancy, having read up on it to ensure he was not taken by surprise again.
He sighed, deciding he may as well open the box for the big baby. Sherlock pointed at the envelope stuck on the box, hinting that John should read that first. He pulled the envelope loose and retrieved a card from within, Sherlock was cautious, worried that the card could be laced with poison or hallucinogenic. He grabbed a tweezer from his pile of experiment tools across the table and pulled the card from John’s hand.
If you've read this before June 7th 2018, there's an extra bit in this chapter! xx
John led Missy and Rosie into the kitchen and sat the toddler into her high chair. Missy was doing a great job taking care of their child, he kept them in his line of sight as he pulled a chair, sitting next to Sherlock.
“Well that’s a nice little… Quirk…” He said, before his eyes focused upon the box contents, and at this John couldn’t help but gasp, taking a step back, trying to ensure he was seeing what he thought he had.
“I need a minute, John.” Sherlock paced towards the living room and did a dramatic flop onto his chair, and quickly sunk back into his mind palace.
