The alpha seemed frozen for the moment. Steve laughed at his stunned expression. He sat up and kissed Tony, bringing him out of his shock.
"You don't have to sleep on the floor with me."
It wasn't a complete lie. He'd hated it until recently. During the Depression it was a cheap food source, so he must have eaten several pounds of it. Only recently had he come to almost enjoy it. It wasn't the worse thing he ate during the Depression food loaves.
“So you’re going!”
“I can’t believe you’re mine.”
Steve’s stomach growled. “Sounds great."
(See the end of the chapter for
Less than he thought. “Any of them important?”
“Steve, I’ll be in my lab,” said Tony. He didn’t want to leave. The sheer desperation in Steve's voice made him listen.
“How are you feeling?” asked Tony.
Tony set it down. He kneeled next to them. “See what happens when you hang with my girlfriends?”
“Papa,” whimpered Piper.
"When will he get here?" asked Tony.
Winter rolled up the tarps, setting them in the sink. The room was pristine. He would incinerate them later. His process was ruined when heard to people coming down the hall. There was no rattle of keys. They were heading in his direction. Winter put on his mask. He had to leave. His protocol overrode his process. He could not be caught.
Neither parent could read what their daughter was thinking. Her expression used to be so open, but it had become a more complicated read.
“You know damn well why! Back off!” warned Steve.
Tony got up, cracking his back, and picked up the two empty cereal bowls.
Steve rolled his eyes and changed. He returned to the kitchen.
“You aren’t,” said Tony.
Tony smiled proudly. The line of Stark geniuses continues.
“He’s been erratic,” said Rumlow.
“How do you know?” he asked.
Piper tiptoed to the bathroom across the hall. She took off her clothes and went into the shower, struggling to reach the knobs.
She shook her head. Piper didn't want to fuel this freakish strength. Winter took a seat on the edge of the bed with her. He took her spoon.
“You need to eat and store up some calories,” said Tony.
Tony looked at his phone. Steve had left twenty voicemails on his phone. He played the first one, the phone slipping from his hand. Pepper found him like that.
"Are you disappointed in me because you caught me in a lie, or that I wasn't telling you the truth?"
“Sure,” he said.
“Not young one either,” said Steve.
He fell to his knees seconds later.
“These guys come from legend. They are basically gods,” said Natasha.
"I'll be back by midnight," said Tony.
"Liking his voice doesn't mean I have a crush. It provided a soothing tone in a time of chaos. It was impressive for a civilian,” said Steve.
“Alright listen up. Till we close that portal up our priority is containment. Barton, I want you on that roof eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays. Tony, you got the perimeter anything that gets more than three blocks out turn back or turn it to ash,” said Steve.
Steve handed the cashier a twenty, leaving before he could get his change. He shoved the plastic bag in a saddlebag and sped in the direction of S.H.I.E.L.D. Steve forced himself into a calm when he pulled in the garage. He grabbed the Walgreens bag from his saddlebag and hurried to his room. Steve locked the door behind him. He took the box from his bag. The brand was First Response. He couldn’t believe he was going through this again.
Hill hated this part of her job. She had to hide things from her mate. But she tried to be as honest with Pepper as possible. The omega was the best thing to ever happen to her. She didn't know why such gorgeous omega would take an interest in a beta.
“Go, I’m right behind you,” said Tony. The floor cracked between them. “Get her I’ll find another way around.”
"At this point, it's just starting to develop arms and legs," said Edith.
“I always ever saw you as a brother,” said Thor.
Both tensed when the bolts to the door unlatched, barely easing their posture when Lena stepped in. Her expression held a higher degree of seriousness than normal. Whatever was coming was directly affecting her somehow.
“I don’t see a superior.” She slammed her fist against the glass.
"No, now that you've gone off and joined the super friends. I don't know what's been going on with you lately. The world is getting weird.”
"Can you at least pretend to be tired?"
“Are there any beside you?” she asked.
“Rumlow!” growled Steve.
“Got everything?” asked Happy.
Rumlow’s jaw locked.
“I’m listening,”
Steve opened the door to a cozy office. The room smelled of lavender. It had large windows that looked out the surroundings. Hanging on the wall were black and white war photos. How many wars had he missed? A large cozy couch was pressed against the wall. On the coffee table was a plate of donuts. Sitting in an old leather armchair was an elderly beta. The man was slightly chubby and gave off a comforting aura. He had a thick mustache-goatee combination. His black hair was streaked gray and white. He wore a blue plaid shirt and black tie. A pair of large metal-framed glasses balanced on his nose. They added years to his appearance.
******
"About?" asked Tony.
Edith pulled a machine toward the examination table. Steve sat edging away from the table. His hand resting protectively over his stomach.
“What happens when it comes? Will I have to go to a facility? I can’t go back one of those places,” said Steve.
“What can I say Steve loves them. Put them on my tab,” said Tony.
"I'll think about it," said Steve.
“We should be glad it didn’t hit during the interview. That would be a spectacle,” said Pepper.
“You don't even want to know what I saw."
“I’m sure you’re wondering where Winter is.”
Bruce called him back in a few minutes later.
"Fine."
Clint groaned. "The last time I went through decontamination I had a rash for a week."
“Only want to speak with him," said Rumlow.
“It’s good to see you back home,” he said. “How are you?”
"Keep an eye on both them. I want hourly reports on Piper's location and state of mind," said Steve, as he finally stood to leave. He did feel guilty of spying on his daughter, but it was for her well being as soon as she well enough to be trusted on her
“What this?” she asked.
There was a knock on the door about twenty minutes later.
He was tempted to call Natasha, but he didn’t want to explain this. Steve didn’t want his friend to see him in this humiliating state. He’d rather work through it on his own.
“Off." He whined as the alpha pulled away from him. Steve licked his lips when he got the full view of Tony.
“It’s not Top Gear,” said Steve.
“So I run his credentials and made him. Aldrich Killian, we actually met him. Back in 99, where were we?”
"It's what you lost or failed to in the past," she said.
The playboy fact wasn’t surprising. Many would find such a man attractive. Money didn’t attract Steve. It was the person. But he couldn't deny that Tony was very physically appealing.
He purred. His eyes closed. Something cool was placed gently around his neck. There was a small click. If his ears weren't so sensitive, he was sure he would have missed the little muted sound. His fingers slid underneath the necklace. It was crafted from a knitted mesh of silver. The metallic substance was frigid against his warming skin. It was almost weightless.
“Are you and the child alright?”
“Yes."
“About?” asked Natasha.
"I'm not-
"Let him in," said Tony.
"In a coma. The doctors aren't sure if he'll wake up."
Steve's fingers latched to the grated floor, yanking himself up. He kept his head low. Bullets ricocheted around him.
Winter snorted. “You think being stuck here means I’m letting you get out of training.”
“I’m not sleepy,” Piper protested
He was right. If she pushed further, it would put this new arrangement at risk.
He nuzzled closely his alpha’s neck. Steve tensed when there was a sharp pain in his jaw. He ran his tongue over his teeth. His canines had sharpened and lengthened. His want to mark the alpha was enough to cause the reaction.
“Chile”, he said.
“Can I join you?” asked Tony.
A smile cracked Steve’s tense expression. The stress and anxiety melted away. He offered Steve a box.
Piper shoved her hands in her pockets to stop herself from playing with the engine. "I know what you're doing."
Steve’s hands fisted his friend was taken.
“Their kid will be a little hell-raiser. I’m scared for them,” said Clint.
“I think it will best if they go on together. So they're seen as a unified couple,” said Pepper.
“For what?” he said.
She swallowed and ate the rest of it, not wanting to hurt Rune’s feelings. Rune laughed.
"For you, it will likely result in another heart attack. I don't know the state of your heart, Mr. Stark. I can piece together that there's likely scar tissue. A heart attack is dangerous for most, but for you hold extra risk. For Steve, it holds more of a mental health risk. The two of you need to strengthen that bond. The two of you may not want to but you need to," said Edith.
“Yeah.”
Tony was on the couch with Steve. Something vibrated against his leg. Steve grumbled in his sleep, nuzzling closer to his neck. Tony slid the phone from Steve’s pocket. He flipped it open. Natasha was calling. She wouldn’t stop until someone answered.
“I can’t imagine what they are going through,” said Lena.
“Alpha.”
“Did her parents hire you? I could see Stark stooping to hiring mercenary, but I didn’t think Mr. Goody Too Shoes would allow it. I’ll tell you where she is if you let her go.” The knife-wielding alpha remained quiet.
*****
“Your daughter is alive.”
“But why?”
Steve shrugged. "A few hours maybe."
“He’s five,” she said.
“Damn sweater,” he growled throwing it aside. Too many layers separated him from that perfect skin. There was a tear as he ripped through the thin cloth of the omega’s shirt. He ran his hand over that flawless skin. Tony would never grow tired of the feel soft wonderful skin under his fingertips. His lips traveled down the long neck to his sternum, taking Steve’s nipple in his mouth biting down. His omega’s muscular back arched. Steve clutched his shirt for support ripping it away.
“Yes, Dr. Banner.”
“You can call him, Clint,” said Natasha.
Steve tried settling beside his mate but couldn’t. He quietly left the bed and changed into his running clothes. It was early enough that no one would be out. Before leaving, he kissed Tony. Steve took several laps around Central Park before returning home. A crowd of fans swarmed him. He'd gotten home too late. As they spotted him, people crowded him. He smiled, signed pictures, and posed for pictures until he finally reached the door. Tony was waiting for him there.
Steve carded a hand through his hair. He'd shocked Natasha into silence. Her reaction proved it was real. "Nat, I need that back."
“This is pretty straight forward. I don’t see why we need your assistance. My people can handle this,” said Neema.
Tony got up first. For the first few seconds, his mind fooled him into believing it was a normal morning. His baby girl was safely tucked in her bed. It ended with the same gut-wrenching realization that she wasn't. Two hours of sleep. It was better than nothing. Steve was spread out on the bed, lost in a deep sleep.
“Sir, sir!”
“Almost?”
Steve turned away at the implication. Tony was masterful at making him blush.
“Bedroom,” gasped Steve.
“Not always,” said Tony with a playful smirk.
Natasha pulled up the footage of a man dressed in a gold and red armor. He was speeding through the air with such ease.
“A Studio 54 camera caught a blur of him,” said Jarvis.
Joseph pushed open the enclosure door. He spotted two pairs of eyes from under the bed.
The alpha nodded. "The chemicals that blinded me also enhanced all my senses."
"With who?" asked Tony.
"I'll remember that for next time you're here."
“I’m here to check on your daughter.”
“We’re sorry Pipes,” said Tony, quickly swiping a tear from the corner of his eye.
?!" exclaimed Clint.
“Where are you going?” asked Fury.
“I’ve got you, sweetheart.”
“Yay!”
“My heat started early,” said Steve.
“What’s your name, kid?” he asked.
“Pipes?”
She ran at him, jumping to his shield. He pushed her up onto the chariot. She made it. He dodged attacked. He had to keep moving.
“I’m so sorry, Steve. Please stay with me,” he begged. There was such desperation in his voice. It lacked all his usual confidence.
"There's only so much I can do when you give the world press your personal address," said Jarvis.
“It’s nothing, sweetheart.”
“Bye Steve."
Piper groaned. She'd gotten used to speaking freely with Winter. They hadn't bumped into any subjects that he was unable to speak on for a while. Piper had tried to avoid talking about things that could lead to a non-answer from him.
“Five minutes,” warned Lena.
“How do you like it?” asked Natasha.
The beta started packing up his desk, not wanting Piper to discover anything prematurely. There were some anomalies he had to discuss with her parents first. He also had to have a discussion with Maria and Pepper.
"Sure."
There was no previous data on his response to children. His behavior seemed to stem from something more than an instinctual alpha urge to protect a pup. But what? Could he have recognized a familiar element in Piper that she shared with Steve? Doubtful. It was more likely that he was responding to the super soldier element in her scent.
“There was an explosion at one of the science facilities,” said Fury.
He used the scentless soap provided. Winter would normally spend as long as possible under the heated spray, but he didn’t want to leave the pup with Lena longer than he had to.
Seconds seemed to slow. Cold iron wrapped around him, lengthening to accommodate his growing stomach. His eyes were locked on his mate.
“Dada!”
“Steve.” He cups face kissing away the tears. “I’m sorry.”
"I know." She just missed have something to hide behind; all it took was letting her hair down. "Can I have it back?"
“Wait, Isabelle.” Natasha raised an elegant eyebrow. Paninya quickly jotted down her number on a bathroom napkin. “If you’re ever in need of my services.”
“Okay,” said Piper.
That he could do. He regained control over his breath. The panic slowly started melting away. He found the strength to stand.
"I'll make sure he does," said Jarvis.
Steve slowly pulled away.
After two hours she showed signs of waking up. Her eyes opened slightly before she cuddled back into his chest. Winter tensed when she made a soft fluttering sound.
Loki tilted his head to the side an extremely common in omegas. That explains the inferiority issue better.
“Winter.”
“I’ll only slow you down,” said Bruce.
The room looked unused compared to the one at the penthouse, which was stuffed with his artwork. The studio smelled of linseed oil, and oil paints tinted the air. She went to the easel. The canvas was an abstract storm of dark blues, and black within it was a lone figure. Before picking up a brush, she glanced at Papa; he was still sound asleep.
He went in through the garage. Steve pulled the prenatal vitamins from his pocket, took one, and then hid the bottle in Vivien’s saddlebag and took out his sketchbook.
“After.” Lena sighed. Her son's favorite animal was based on her lie. They settled down for the first true family meal they'd had in months.
“Mind explaining these,” said Steve. Dangling from his fingers were a pair of red panties. They were far to short for Steve’s liking. On the hip was a little Iron Man mask.
"Will I lose this one?"
“It’s fine. I needed to cut back.”
"Will you blush every time we're in an elevator?"
“No, Steve!” allowing alpha tone to slip into his voice.
“I’ve already sent away for repairs,” said Jarvis.
“How is that good?” asked Winter.
At first glance, some would believe two men opposites, but they shared core elements. There would be issues if the couple proceeded. They were both so god damn stubborn. But so determined. Their fights would only be outmatched by their passion.
“Want a drink?” he asked.
“It’s almost perfect.”
"There's nothing you do about it now. At least not at this moment," said Tony.
“Last year Earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge match that leveled a small town. We learned that not only we’re not alone, but we are hopelessly hilariously outgunned,” said Fury.
“I thought we passed the late night feedings, Pipes.”
“No.”
Fury was impressed. She almost got away with it, and she used Steve’s protective instinct to help in her escape. The girl would either make for a great asset or a pain. It depended on what parent she took after most.
Tony hated ‘fine’ because fine was never fine. There was always a secret meaning. The door slammed behind Steve.
“There was no reason for all three of us to get hurt. And I'm fine, Natasha,” said Steve.
They finally landed. Tony ran out of the jet and to the medical wing. Clint stood outside Steve's room toying with one of his arrowheads.
For a few fleeting seconds, Piper was unaware, then reality came crashing down. Piper wanted to call out for her parents but didn't. Her eyes stung from crying. She was wrapped in a scratchy wool blanket, laying on a thin mattress. The alpha had moved her. It was a small comfort. She got up, glad the alpha was asleep because she had to pee.
“What did you do him?!”
"His surgery was a success. But I want him on bed rest for at least three days," said Edith.
“The man of many talents lacks singing,” said Steve.
“What kind of pistol is this?” asked Steve.
She tossed open the trunk, pulling out a large deep green blanket. Woven into the fabric in golden script was the Asgardian alphabet. She wrapped herself in the large blanket. The fabric was so soft she couldn’t help rubbing her cheek against it. Green wasn’t her favorite color, but the softness and beauty of the pattern made up for it. She stuffed the blanket back in the trunk, dragging it into the shelter of her room.
Steve's expression softened.
“Not our kid, Harley.”
"No."
Bruce tensed when he realized the report was missing. Piper walked across the room, picking it and offering it to him. Bruce took it, smoothing the crumpled cover page.
All of them took a collective moment to relax. Hulk sat on the floor.
Steve put the bowl in the dishwasher. He was still hungry. The amount he had to increase his calorie intake was incredible. From the playpen, he heard Piper playing with one of her toys. She was working on the most recent puzzle toy Tony got her. It would keep her busy for a while. He scrambled some eggs and cooked up some bacon. When everything plated he check on Piper. She didn't even notice him she was so absorbed with her toy. He hoped for an uneventful day.
They returned to the bedroom. Steve pulled on a pair of boxer briefs.
“No matter what world I bring you into I will always protect you.”
“Kneel.”
“It says exactly what I told you,” she said.
"Five more minutes," grumbled the alpha.
Edith was the first person besides Bucky to tell him that. He’d never told his mother. Afraid of what she may think. It wasn’t something he wanted to speak of.
“Your scent makes my mouth water, among other things,” said Tony, pressing their hips together, showing Steve exactly what he meant.
They went up to the kitchen. The two finished off the leftovers from earlier. Steve started on the apple pie. Tony laughed when Steve growled at him when he tried having some. The omega blushed pushing the pan toward him. Nearly half was gone.
“What about Stark?” asked Clint.
“Want to go outside?” asked Tony.
“However you want,” said Daddy.
"Do you want to tell or should I?" asked Nat.
“Thank you,” said Steve.
"Already thinking of our next date."
“Tomorrow. Will it always be like this?”
"Under no circumstances will you tell Tony or anyone else," said Steve.
“My New Year's Eve Party."
Matt caught the flutter of Steve's heart toward the end. He believed Steve fought with his boyfriend, but he’d never caught Steve’s scent here before. Matt would have remembered it.
Two beta males were moving around them. She gained nothing else from their scent. The urge to scream returned when a rubber-gloved hand touched her. Something was tied tightly around her arm. She yelped as something sharp pricked her arm.
“Steve, it’s me, Tony Stark."
Tony went to the garage and took the bottle of pills out. He put them in his pocket and went to the penthouse. When he got there he found Steve rifling through the cabinets, searching for something.
“Did you mourn?” asked Loki.
“You’re wasting your breath.” Kevin spoke from the shadows.
Piper had enough of the tense angered voices and started wailing. Steve went rigid. Rushing to the elevator before the panic could fully take hold. The confined space was somehow comforting. His heart raced painfully in his chest. He sunk to the corner.
“I was only screening for diseases,” she said.
June 19, 2016
“She’s with Natasha. She couldn’t be safer.”
“Ho Yisen. He gave me a useful piece of advice."
“You as well,” said Clint.
"Listen, idiots, if we weren't understaffed I'd have your jobs.” Lena took a breath steadying her building anger. If it weren't for her sleeping family in the neighboring rooms she'd be screaming.
“No, I don't feel safe."
Another strong wave of bleach and burnt sugar hit him. He’d never be able to use any bleach cleaner again.
“You looked tired.”
“The scepter-
“Yes.”
Tony got ready to go. He paused at the elevator, looking back at Steve. The omega smiled.
“Understood."
“I was in middle something. What’s so important that the Sectary of World Security calls me in person.”
“Is something wrong?” he asked.
"You should have told me."
Steve and Tony tucked Piper in, kissing her forehead. “We love you, Piper,” Tony whispered.
He made around fifty pancakes before sitting down at the counter. Steve dug in. His appetite didn’t disturb Tony.
"Bye, Tony I'll see you soon."
“Please,” he whimpered.
Natasha took a breath, knowing this conversation wouldn't end well. Their anger was barely bridled. It needed to be released for them to stand a chance of having a reasonable discussion.
“Wow thanks,” said Steve.
Steve nodded. Tony draped an arm around Steve’s shoulder. He didn’t make any further move to touch him, waiting for Steve to relax. Steve took a breath and leaned tentatively against him. Tony closed his eyes and tried to unwind. He carded his fingers through Steve’s hair hoping it would serve to soothe his mate further. Eventually, the tension melted. When he looked at the man huddled against his side he couldn’t find the warnings of a mental break.
"Hair grows back, Pipes. When things are settled, we can get it styled if you want."
“You did the best you could. This could have been so much worse,” said Tony.
Steve blinked away the brief feral haze. He’d rarely called Tony by such a title. His inner omega wanted to call upon his alpha's natural urge to protect.
“Tell me what you know.”
“I could, but I won’t.”
“Then, leave it urgently,” said Tony.
“Good morning, doctor.”
“How long have these boxes been here?” asked Steve.
“Jarvis?”
“He? An omega,” said Happy.
"Piper, don't think I didn't see your intentions. Don’t play with forces you can’t understand. Remember the consequences.” Lena offered her hand.
“We’ll be landing soon. Rhodes, you'll find your own ride the rest of the way home,” said Tony. The jet landed minutes later. Happy was already waiting for Tony. He got into the car.
Tony helped Steve in a pair of shorts. The alpha helped him to his feet. He needed his mate's strength, he was scared. This was something entirely new to him, something that it failed once before. Tony helped him to his feet. He wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulder. They walked around the penthouse together. Tony stopped whenever Steve needed.
He wasn’t in the mood for this. The alpha rubbed his temples. A headache was coming on. Even with all their issues, he trusted her. He had to weather the storm.
Piper went to the monitor, taking a seat at the desk. Lena had already opened an email for her. Her hands froze over the keys. She entered the Stark network and type in her passcode.
“Okay,” he said placing gentle kisses on Steve’s shoulders.
"Yes, I want the bigger fish, but that doesn't mean I don't care about what happened to you."
“Goodnight.”
“Piper,” whispered Steve.
"You're being childish," said Pepper.
Steve made is way through nondescript hallways, and took a seat in the debriefing room.
“How long have been in this room?” she asked.
“He knows we won’t let him talk to Piper.”
Piper debated the idea a moment before raising her hands to be picked up. Papa quickly lifted her. She wrapped her arms around his neck. His calming scent filled her nose. Her muscles relaxed.
“You?” asked Tony.
He pushed ahead, taking every sharp he could make. An explosion went off behind him.  Two were still on him. He skidded along a wall to avoid an attack.
"Yes."
“I’m up!” said Tony springing from the bed.
“We have to tell, Thor,” said Steve. Thor had the right to know.
“I could prescribe an anti-depressant and something to help you sleep, but I would have to prescribe an uncomfortably high dose. Even then, with your metabolism, it would likely have no effect. Why do you ask?” said Barny.
"You don't." Pepper saw through the lie. If he did, then she'd be more willing to make an exception into burrowing into his private life. Tony wouldn't be able to keep a secret lover from her. He would want to show off after the thrill of the secrecy wore off. Even if that were true, she'd remember that scent.
In the alpha's hand was Howard's letter.
Tony worked Steve’s sweet spot mercilessly, causing the omega to writhe underneath him. The sight, the sound, the touch, was all too much. Pleasure drove him to bite, marking the omega. In the hazy seconds after he vaguely sensed teeth sinking into his shoulder. He gradually left wonderful fog. Steve lay underneath him, catching his breath.
"It tickled."
“Both my husband and I agreed to the name,” she said.
"Changes after bonding are to be expected," said Bruce, putting on his glasses.
“Whoever has the highest number wins.”
“He deserves worse.”
Tony looked around. His few remaining suits were here. They were barely functional. His insomnia may come in use. Anything that survived the explosion had been brought here in wooden crates. He didn't want to put any strain on Steve.
“Then what is your hesitation?”
“You have a lot on your mind,” he said.
Only five months. It felt like so much longer. Time felt different here. She didn't know how old the paper was, so it could be longer than that.
“Not let you out,” she said.
After two hours, Steve and Tony saw Piper and George walking back to the mansion. Piper seemed at ease with the doctor, was even smiling.
“I need you to move down, Steve,”
Steve couldn't stay in his room; it was suffocating. He escaped to the gym. Eventually returning to his room at ten. It was still early, yet he was exhausted. From under his bed, he took a shoebox. When he was young, he kept a box of sentimental treasure under his bed. It was a habit that continued through to adulthood. In the box were Howard’s letter and the locket holding Peggy’s image. Steve took the MoMA ticket from his pocket and placed it in the box. He folded the pillowcase and placed it alongside the ticket. Then put it under the bed. Steve went to his desk and disassembled and cleaned his weapon. Once done, he set it in the drawer and washed his hands. Steve stretched and yawned. He needed sleep. He took his blankets from the bed and spread them on the floor. Should he call? He should say least thanks to Tony for taking him to the museum. Steve hadn’t gotten the chance to before he left with Natasha. It was the least he could do. He flipped open his phone. The background made him smile.
“How?”
She embraced him. He melted into her hold.
"Take a deep breath in and out," she said.
"A week probably more. I had the nurse set the TV to his channel so he could binge watch his favorites show."
"You were down there awhile. Did Bruce have anything to say?"
"This okay?" asked Tony.
He focused on the kid’s voice, trying chaotic loudly screaming thoughts running through his head.
Steve to the sink hurling. Stress agitated his morning sickness. He raised his head.
“So what happened doc?” asked Tony.
“Not yet.”
“I hope you have some idea of how to handle this,” he said.
“I don’t wanna see it again,” whimpered Piper.
“That’s a nice thought, but I doubt it will ever come to be. If by some miracle they existed I'd say yes,” she said.
“I lied. Instead of making their weapons, I built my first suit and used it to get out of there."
Steve sat on the edge of his bed, running his fingers nervously through his hair.  This wasn’t going to go well.
Steve's cheeks heated with blush.
Steve turned red. Tony smirked. He loved it when Steve blushed. Tony leaned closer.
“What?”
“I will always be here for you,” he said.
“Papa?”
“Captain Rogers is in heat. He’ll see me as a challenger,” said Hill.
"That eliminates anywhere along the equator, the entire continents of Africa, Australia, and South America. We can likely eliminate the U.S. since they wouldn't risk keeping me so close to my parents. But there are still so many options."
Steve carefully rocked Piper. She was getting fussy because of the delay in her feeding. Piper pulled at the fabric of his shirt. She whined. Steve rubbed her back and started humming to her. Tony pushed open the door to their room.
"We need to talk about this."
“Why didn’t you answer me?” she asked.
The girl gave an emotionless wave.
“I know that,” he said, tightly gripping at his restraints.
He picked her up. Half the reason for Kevin's blossoming hatred of girl was that she was an omega. It was misdirected. Since Kevin could do nothing about working for a female beta, someone he believed to be of lower status than himself, he would likely take it out on the child.
“Tony.”
Tony held his mate against the door, slotting their bodies together. His eyes widen as he inhaled Steve's scent. The faint smell of milk mingled with the omega's honey vanilla scent.
“A mishap in the lab that’s all. Are you going to give me of those?” said Tony pointing the bag of bagels.
Natasha pulled up a picture of the prisoner on her iPad and handed it to Tony. On the screen was a picture of a military shaped man. One side of his face was covered in burns.
"There's so much information to be gathered that's unrelated to the pregnancy. It's difficult sifting through what may be relative," said Bruce.
“What did I say?”
“Do you wish me to get them?”
"Can we trust her?" asked Tony.
*****
*****
"Only if he refuses," said Jeri.
Steve turned red.
“I took her from her parents.”
“He’s what?”
“You’ve entered the Stark Network,” said Jarvis programmed voice.
“I’m ninety-two years old, Phil! I’m entitled to private life. Please, leave me alone. I’ll call back later." With that, he hung up his phone, tossing it to the floor.
“Hawkeye."
“Glad I could help,” she said.
“Hey.” Tony wasn't sure which of them looked worse. He hadn't gotten a good look at himself for a while. Steve hadn’t shaved, giving him a more rugged look. He'd enjoy it more if it weren't for the circumstances. But it wasn't just a few missed shaves. No, it was a sign of guilt. Stress had earned Steve a few gray hairs of his own.
“That’s very good, Piper.”
“Don't look so sad, Steve. I've lived a long fulfilling life. I only wish you’d had the chance to do the same, but perhaps this it,” said Peggy.
“Eyes on me,” said Tony.
*****
“I’ve received a disturbing report on the Winter Soldier.”
When Rumlow dared to touch him, he grabbed the alpha, throwing him through the neighboring wall. Steve got into his room, locking the door behind him. He called Tony.
“Yeah,” Piper, agreed softly.
"Steve."
“Right.”
“Joe’s?” said Steve.
“Hmm.”
“And a playboy,” said Natasha.
He took a breath, relaxing. “What for? Why now?”
“Don’t be.”
“Winter, wait outside.”
Steve bit his tongue, trying to push back the protective instincts. Jarvis was watching her; she was safe, he had to acknowledge.
“Yes.”
"My parents were as nice as yours. They me beat for the sole reason of being what I am. I'm sure you two can relate with that," said George.
"Steve, a super-soldier pregnancy is unprecedented you have to get checked out not only for your sake but for your child's."
Hill waited for Stark and Rogers. Clint and Natasha were guarding the prisoner. The scared asshole hadn’t given them anything them really. Only giving him the alliance, Sir. They were forced to address the smug bastard as such. His presence had to be concealed from the parents. They'd kill him, immediately. No one would even blame them.
"Tell Tony I said hey when he wakes up.”
"He cut it off. How bad is it?" There was nothing reflective in the room.
“I guess we should introduce you to the kids,” said Tony.
“Of what?” asked Piper.
Steve was quick to dress.
He didn’t have Steve’s full attention. “What is it?”
He got out of the suit.
“Uncle Clint? Well, he just isn’t. And he’s alpha.”
March 9, 2016
"We are off the plane, baby," said Steve.
“Banner?”
They got into her car.
Later Steve and Natasha went to the train station. He tucked the ticket into his jacket pocket. The train ride was quiet but peaceful. They explored the small village surrounding the castle. Natasha split off from him and came back moments later with a magnet of the castle.
“Don’t look so bitter. I’ll be back soon,” said Tony. Steve’s arms remained crossed clearly pissed off, but too polite to admit it. He sighed.
“Tony, is somebody there?”
“That would be extremely unlikely. This state is activated by three high pitched tones, inaudible to our ears but well within her range of hearing. Each tone lasts a certain amount of time and is played in a specific order. If there's even a slight variance, the soldier state won't be activated."
“You look younger,” he said.
"Excessive moisture may cause early rotting," said Jarvis.
“Thank you, Edith.”
He lifted her up. She placed her small hands on his cheeks and smiled. He placed a gentle kiss on her head. She cooed softly. He took her into the kitchen and placed her in the playpen. The aroma of coffee lured him to counter. He poured himself a large bowl of Mini-Wheats with blueberries and bananas.
“Love you too.”
He placed the metal case in front of her. It sprung open. She took out the sample. Happy took a seat on the couch. She started her work. She had a limited amount of time to study. Spending too long studying the sample would get Stark's attention.
"It will be better if I show you." Fury offered him his phone. Stark glared at. "Take the phone."
“If I hadn't already meet Piper, I would. But, I won't deny that she's an interesting case and that I am fascinated. But she's damaged, and I believe changing to another doctor would only encourage her to close herself off further."
“How is he?” asked Tony.
Winter nodded.
car. And the project would help rebuild bridges between them.
Nat sighed. “What did you name the cutie?”
Steve smiled. Thor was the person who may have more trouble understanding the references of today than him.
He wrapped his arm around Tony. Steve nuzzled the alpha’s neck breathing in his comforting scent.
She smiled. He went to the closet grabbing the unopened Ergobaby baby carrier 360. Tony ripped open the box. Piper watched him from the playpen. He adjusted the straps and put Piper in facing his chest, so she wouldn't accidentally grab something he was working on. She smiled nuzzling into him, happily cooing.
He must be so worried. How long had she been gone? Bandages were wrapped around her hands and feet. She’d been treated and cleaned. The smell of soap and medication covered up any hint of what happened. Under the medicated creams she could smell burnt flesh. How had she gotten burnt? Lena was bad but she didn’t she stoop down to burning her.
“I know how to protect myself.”
“I think so.”
*****
“Its water and fireproof and shock-resistant. It automatically sets to whatever time zone you’re in. Fit well?” he asked. Steve nodded.
“Interesting.” It came as a surprise that Winter remembered such games. Why would something so useless remain in his memory through the frequent wipes? Lena shrugged internally. A memory of such little consequence didn’t matter.
Steve coughed mid-bite. He took a sip of his orange juice, clearing his throat. “What?”
“I want to close your eyes,” said Bloom.
“You don’t remember?”
"She's learning quickly," said Natasha.
“We have to tell Happy,” said Steve.
“I'll be back as soon as I,” said Tony.
“You gave your research to a think tank,” said Pepper.
“My drones haven’t picked up on any signs of him,” said Tony.
Tony watched helplessly as Steve struggled. There was nothing he could do. This was a natural process, which he could only watch. Steve's jaw was so tightly clenched Tony feared the omega's teeth may shatter.
“How long do I have?” asked Steve.
“No." He looked at the peacefully sleeping omega in his lap; he hated to wake him. "Steve, wake up."
“Just did,” said Steve.
"Will you go back to him?" asked Matt.
About time! “What did you stop for drive-through? Swing up Park I’m going to lay them out for you,” he said. He headed toward them with a Chatori tail.
“I won’t be putting on the uniform any time soon.” He doubted it would even fit.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I wish it just that." Lust, he could get out of his system after a few rolls in the hay. "It would make things easier."
“Eight this morning,” he said.
“Bills, junk mail, and a package from a Rogers,” he said.
“Can I have a pup?” asked Steve.
“How is disappearing protecting me?!”
The man saw what he was yet was calm.
"They are doing the best they can, Piper. Losing a child is difficult."
August 31, 2012
“How do you even know he’s alive?” asked Maya.
Winter froze when he saw the symbols she’d drawn near her corner. One was a red and yellow mask. The other was a red, white, and blue circle with a white star at the center. He touched the smooth, waxy surface. Not a circle. No, it was a shield. What made believe that he didn’t know. But he was sure it was not just a circle. He was certain.
“Will I get to see these masterpieces?” asked Tony.
Once he was satisfied with his nest he huddled under the blanket. Purring as dug deeper into the soft fabric. He intended on sleeping through as much of his preheat as possible.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s enough for today,” said Winter.
He ran through the Christmas tree farm, ducking when he hit the chain-link fence. The trailer behind crumbled as the water tower collapsed. Water rushed over him.
“Morning Steve,” he said.
“Welcome home, sweetheart.”
“Fine.”
“Alpha.”
"I'm sure I'll find away."
“Better?”
"You'll get there," said Rhodes.
"They're fine, Steve."
“Watson, I’d knew you’d be a dog person,” said Peggy.
Winter looked back. An omega was on his tail, forcing him into an alley. Their eyes locked. He knew those eyes.
"You want a training session," Natasha offered.
“Not mocking admiring,” said Tony.
Sparks of bluish lightning danced across his fingertips.
“I know this is private, Steve. The only reason I'm asking is that he's my friend," said Rhodes.
“I got two hours last night.”
“Do you have any questions?” asked Edith.
Steve continued walking away. He needed a moment.
Steve tensed.
A blast shot past him, nearly striking the nesting couch. Steve snarled. That nesting couch was a source of comfort for both of them! Steve thoroughly checked his nest for any signs of damage. It was safe!
He smiled.“When will the Romanian team get here?” asked Steve.
“Pup.”
“Yes, thank you,” said Steve.
It was mid-December he was almost eight months along. Steve woke to an empty bed. Ever since the attack, he'd woke up more frequently to an empty bed. Tony's restlessness was worrying.
Steve went in search of his alpha.
When he tried to put her down she clung to him. What was this touch? It was too weak to inflict damage or pain. Too loose to be a sleeper hold. What was this? What was its function?
"What's wrong with her?" he asked. Part of him didn't want to know but he needed to.
“It must have been one of the ideas they planted. Making her believe we were moving on without her.”
“Why aren’t you setting up the pieces?”
“You can,” she said.
“What about that arrow guy? Isn’t he an Avenger too? Why isn’t he as awesome?”
“What did you do?”
Steve hugged himself. Did his mate love the suit more than him? How could he compete against such an integral part of Tony? He couldn't ask Tony to give it up. That would be like Tony asking him to give up the shield. They each knew that they still needed that part of themselves. Steve didn't want to compete against it for his alpha's affection.
Piper moved away, not wanting to be seen. If the public saw her, things would explode. Whenever her parents put on the news, it never failed to be a mention of her. She didn't want attention.
Steve woke hours later to Tony joining him in bed. He shifted onto his side, pulling to the alpha to his chest, wrapping his arm around the man's waist to keep him close. Steve nuzzled against Tony's neck. “My alpha."
“White,” said Steve.
June 13, 2016
"Shh, go to sleep."
“I wouldn’t!”
"You'll have to be."
"Bye Tony, I love you."
"What do you have?" asked Steve, trying not to get his hopes up.
“Want to go on a walk?” he asked, offering his hand to the alpha.
"Yes, I've made some security improvements since the break-in," said Tony.
“If you aren’t one of his models, who are you?” asked Pepper.
"Alpha," he murmured.
“Antoine Triplett and Tony Stark,” said Natasha.
Piper was unable to kill, pushing back against it every time. Lena had almost broken her carefully built mental foundations she created within Piper to their limits when she asked Piper to kill a rabbit. She was met by extreme hesitation when she just made the child injure the animal. And cried when she had to put the animal out of its misery since the girl was incapable of even performing a simple mercy killing.
“Are you trying to wake him up?!” hissed Fury.
“I’m a big boy I can handle myself,” said Tony before exiting the car.
“It’s too late for that.”
“Yes, Sir.”
"She's breathing clearly. Her diaper is clean and her temperature is 97.5 degrees the average for newborns," said Jarvis.
"I have to tell someone. I need to. If I don't share it with someone, I trust. It will gnaw away at me otherwise."
Bruce left them. Steve cradled Piper in one arm. He touched his forehead to Tony’s, taking the alpha’s hand in his. Slowly Tony unwound.
“Where is she?”
*****
“Steve.”
"No, he's safe there, and I didn't want him to be lonely." Her voice was shaky, but she managed to recollect. "Have your drones been able to find him yet?"
“You could have told me you didn’t like it.”
“Where’s your sense of fun?” she said.
“You’ll be meeting with Dr. Barnaby Turner,” said Phil.
“Of course.”
"A break from the tragedy of what's being called the Incident. This comes with this image of Captain America, and Tony Stark caught in a passionate kiss," said Mika.
"Worth the twenty-hour flight?"
“I just didn't want to worry you this time. It’s just a headache.”
"I couldn't wake you up," said Steve.
Once she finished he set her back down and packed a diaper bag. Dum-E and U would keep her entertained in the lab. The bots hadn’t lost their fascination with her. He picked her up again and took her to the lab and made a play area for her. As soon as he set her down Dum-E and U sped over to her.
“Tony, you don’t need these suits to be a hero.” Steve placed a parting kiss on the alpha’s forehead. "I'm going upstairs."
It wouldn't hurt to have one suit for emergencies. No, he'd gotten rid of the armor for a reason. It was a distraction from what was really important. He would always be Ironman, but it needed to remain dormant. Family came first. The armor could always be rebuilt, but not what he has with Steve.
Steve wiped away the blood. The alpha leaned into the touch. "Tony."
He kneeled, so he was at eye level with the kid. "I was wondering if you could do something for me, Rune."
"Not like that. My parents are superheroes. Daddy is a billionaire. Normal houses aren’t like this. Lots of people will want to know what happened to me,” said Piper.
In fact, it was the last thing he wanted to do. Tony didn't press the matter.
Confronting an alpha for being an ass wasn't something he was afraid of. Flirtation was difficult. He couldn't play cute.
"When is Banner leaving?" he asked.
Steve pulled away, his breathing harsh. Everything was so much more in tune. The lust, need, and love surged through their bond. He was lost in the sensation. His arms wrapped around Tony's neck. The alpha arm moved around his waist, keeping Steve pressed against him.
“It isn’t.”
Tony went to the kitchen, grabbing bowls, spoons, Captain Crunch, and milk, then hurried back downstairs. Piper smiled brightly when he filled her bowl to the brim with the sugary cereal. It nearly overflowed when he poured in the milk. She happily ate a few spoonfuls, but she knew there was something behind this treat. Papa never allowed her to have sugar in the morning except for a sprinkle of sugar on grapefruit or on her Corn Flakes.
“Then why don’t you want me to go! Are that jealous?!”
This was her trying to open up. Denying her may discourage it. But what if she wasn't ready? Steve hated the corner they’d been backed into. What bothered more was he wasn’t sure if Piper had intentionally done it that way. He looked to Tony, the alpha nodded.
Steve woke early the next morning. Groaning, when he realized Tony was still inside him. How long ago was their latest round? It couldn’t have been too long ago. He couldn’t remember. It all blended in a blissful sexual haze. Steve pulled away, cringing as cum oozed from between his legs. Patches of dried slick and cum spotted his skin. He sat up slowly, flinching at the intimate ache between his legs. Why was he the closet?
“Probably after my heat,” he said.
"Almost every national leader has sent us something," said Steve.
“We’ve been through, nope."
“Thank god.”
“Where are you going?” asked Pepper.
Tony grunted forcing his eyes open. His back and neck were stiff from sleeping on the floor. The tile proved less forgiving than the carpeted floor of their bedroom. Steve's head rested on his chest. He was hit by Steve's morning breathing. Tony moved Steve a pillow. He went into the bedroom and packed a bag for them. They shouldn't be a Howard's for more than a day. Two at most. He went to wake Steve. A grumpy tired growl was his first-morning greeting before Steve forced his eyes open.
"Do you know her?" said Bruce.
“About time, Cap,” said Clint.
Bruce dangled his stethoscope above her. She swatted it. He stood Piper up on the examination table. She pushed down on the surface with her feet. He took a wooden giraffe with wheels from his pocket and moved above the pup. Those blue eyes followed after it.
“Yeah. Apparently, I’m volatile, self-obsessed, and don’t play well with others,” said Tony.
“I’m okay," he whimpered.
“How?” asked Tony. He wanted to encourage Piper's mental development as much as possible.
He stalked forward. His pupils were blown. He bared his teeth, flashing their sharpened points. In the short time, she’d been gone, he’d gone feral.
"Piper, you have to let me go," whispered Papa, kindly.
Soon enough it was time to head out. He boarded a jet with Natasha and Neema. They landed as close to the target area as possible. Their small squad made their way toward the base. A dark narrow entrance came into view. Steve crept forward shield at the ready. Instantly ducking as gunfire pinged defenselessly against it. He took out the gunman.
“But- ”
“His birth control malfunctioned,” said Tony.
He rubbed the sleep from his eyes. Steve was comfortably tucked in their nest. He took a deep breath of his scent. It was pure, free of the taint of Extremis. He pulled the blankets back over. Tony groaned he stunk. They both did.
“There’s been suspicious activity area. Who knows it could be something interesting,” said Natasha.
“How long are we here?” asked Steve.
"For how long, Steve? Sooner or later, someone will come after you and the kid. This is one of the only ways I can think of protecting you," said Tony.
It had been so long since they last said it to each other.
Piper said nothing.
The omega seemed to forget he could easily overpower him.
“Jarvis.”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“How more do you have left?"
“You didn’t."
“You’re right. I have been pulling away. I’m sorry,” he said.
Steve frowned when the news focused on the recent Mandarin bombings.
"Pepper will handle this."
“Can I stay here until my hormones balance out?” he asked. His gaze was focused on his coffee. He was sure the alpha would want him gone. It was part of no strings attached. Staying would make strings.
Piper tossed off her clothes and got into the water. “I can wash myself. You don’t have to stay.”
Hours later, Piper fell back on the floor, completely exhausted. Winter stared down, waiting for her to get up. He wasn’t even out of breath.
Steve fell asleep an hour into the drive. Tony changed the music, keeping the volume low. When they were ten minutes away he woke Steve.
"What do you know?
“When will Banner get here?” asked Steve.
"No, S.H.I.E.L.D. may not approve me living here."
“I’ll be-"
“That fast,” said Happy.
“You’ve told me,” Steve smiled.
"Tony, I'm currently in the process of bringing our child into the world. Follow the understanding that I am always right until this pup is out of me. Got it!”
“Come on baby girl.” Tony took her to her bathroom.
“Why protect someone who has hurt you?”
“But-” Steve began.
Rhodes scented the air. He caught the stale scent of a happy omega in the jet. Tony was trapped with him. It wouldn’t surprise him if Tony had a suit hidden on the plan or not far. That he would use to escape the conversation if he became fed up with the talking point. Tony sat on the couch where the omega’s scent was most potent.
She nodded.
"Where ever I was needed."
He opened the door.
Tony stretched.
He shrugged.
The alpha must have thought him asleep. He kept his eyes closed. Steve wanting to hear what Tony had to say. A gentle kiss was placed on his temple.
“There’s not a person on earth who is truly ready to start a family. I wasn’t,” she said.
“Sorry, Sir, the system is too outdated for me to get that information,” said Jarvis.
“He’s had almost the same arm for decades. Only slight variations.”
"And neither will your children be. I can't bring back the children they were before. But in time, hopefully, I can get them to a point where stable. I know that's heartbreaking, but it's something you must come to terms with," said George.
“What are you waiting for its Christmas take them to church?” said Tony. The suits rushed to their nearest targets, engaging in battle.
“They were all low ranking mercenaries. All were tied to different organizations. They were paid by an anonymous source. And given specific instructions that would drawl S.H.I.E.L.D’s attention,” she said.
They finished their hour. Steve wasn’t ready to go home yet. He went to his apartment at the facility. Steve took his keys from his pocket, unlocking the door. He smiled when his fingers graced useless key Tony gave him. Steve changed into his work out clothes. He started his work out. When he finished he took the phone from his pocket.
and Rune fell instantly asleep.
Maya followed Steve into a living room. He turned on the news. Every news channel was reporting on it. She wanted to talk about Killian, but now clearly wasn't the time. Everyone here was exhausted and stressed. At the moment, she did not want to risk getting on Captain America's bad side. He may be pregnant, but he was a force to reckon with.
“May I perform a physical exam?” she asked.
“As much as I want to no,” said Steve.
“Got some of your super serum running through my veins. I’ll be fine,” said Tony.
"No, I have to take the good with the bad. Those dark moments make the good moments shine all the brighter,”
“Aww, checking up on your crush? I hate to break this to you, Phil, but he's taken,” teased Natasha.
“Already?” asked Steve.
“It doesn’t seem like much but at one week she's reached all the miles stones of a two to three-month-old. It’s all an early indicator of a high IQ. She recognizes her name, which normally occurs between five to seven months of age."
“Of course, I do! You’re my friend. You’re the only one I have here.”
"It was my last New Year's Eve Party. I had to go out with a bang,"
“It can’t be complete without Santa’s workshop,” said Tony.
She took a breath. The story has wheels. The press isn't dropping this. It's too juicy. She'd been on the phone with Agent Hill all morning, creating a believable story. She checked her phone. Her mailbox was filled with requests for an interview. Steve and Tony stood quietly in the kitchen, processing what happened. The news was playing in the background.
Bruce shuffled out the door.
“I thought that would be obvious. We all changed after losing you. All of us handled it in different ways. With Howard, it was drinking and women. Eventually, that grew old and threw himself into his work. The fun-loving playful side him faded by the time Anthony was born,” said Peggy.
“What’s wrong, Pipes?” he asked sleepily.
"Great, my phone is already buzzing with comments," said Pepper.
“Don’t take it personally."
"Paparazzi. He snapped a few photos of me before taking off."
The omega was dazed, happily nuzzling against his neck. Tony used his discarded shirt to clean them. Those azure eyes could barely be seen from those large dilated pupils. He’d gone feral. Steve was comfortable with their nakedness. Tony kissed him.
Steve came out of the shower awhile later, a towel wrapped lowly around his waist. His eyes wandered down the omega's form. Steve lost the baby weight, regaining his muscular form. But there was a slight widening to his hips, which Tony loved. It had been three months, one week, and five days since they last had sex.
“Scan for any dangers on the penthouse floor,” said Tony.
“Yes.”
The elevator brought took them to medical.
"Underneath."
“My legs feel like Jell-O,” said Steve, leaning against the counter. Steve noticed the damage caused to the shower floor. He’d shattered the tile at some point during his orgasm.
“I’ll figure that out when it happens. You know you don't have to worry about me, Rune. I can handle myself," said Piper.
Steve took his hand, leading him to the kitchen. He grabbed a loaf of bread from drawer and cheese and butter from the fridge. Steve made them a grilled cheese enough for the two of them.
Banner never thought he’d meet the inspiration for his work. He thought the man would be taller.
They stepped into the office. She was made to stand in front of Sir's large desk, with him peering down at her. It made her feel small. But she wasn't paying him any mind. She was too busy digging her toes into the soft-carpeted floor. It had been so long since she'd felt anything but cold tile against her feet.
“What subject do you want to start with?”
Finished eating, Winter settled by her side and she huddled against him.
“Of course sir."
"I can do this myself, but stay close." He wanted to get an idea of the situation before he felt comfortable bringing Tony in.
"It was heavy enough to alter his gate."
"She's out, Steve," Tony said. Piper was drooling on his shirt, oblivious to Steve's presence.
"In time," said Steve.
She went to the nearest guest bedroom, laying a towel down beneath her before settling down in the fresh bed. It smelled dusty, but that was okay.
"I'll be in the living room if you need me."
“Eat.”
“You’re okay,” said Piper.
"Despite what a majority of people think, you have a heart. You’ll do right by the kid,” said Rhodes.
“Let that go. He forgave you. You can move on from that. Tony wouldn’t want you to linger on. If you want to be sure we can call him. And you or I could ask him. Whatever makes you feel most comfortable."
Winter would give the man an hour. If Smith did not wake in that time, he’d put a bullet through the man’s head and forget whatever question he may have. Winter counted down the minutes. After fifty-nine minutes Smith woke up.
“Yes."
“What would you do if you were in my position, Jarvis."
“A few days. Who are they from?" she asked. Kate had caught a glimpse of the return address. What was Stark trying to pull? Kate wanted to see how he'd answer.
“Did you do this?” she asked.
"Steve."
"I have no experience, planning such an event. Why not take help where I can get it?" said Steve. He smiled, putting his hand over his stomach. "Besides I have more important things to focus on."
“Go back to sleep.” He pulled a blanket over her.
“He’s a good man. Passed with flying colors.”
"Morning, baby girl." Steve moved his hands away. "Rune is making waffles with your aunts; why don't you go help them."
"When Stark wakes up tell him I have Piper."
"It was how she looked at me. She doesn't trust me," said Steve. That intimate trust granted between them at her birth had vanished.
Tony rubbed his temples. He wasn’t expecting to talk about this. The visit was supposed to be all about the baby.
“What are we talking about? Far east Europe? North Africa, Iran, Pakistan, Syria? Where is it?”
Tony woke up to Piper wailing. At some point, while they were sleeping she'd gotten out of his arms and crawled to Steve's side of the bed.
Their voices were dulled out. Only one question pierced through the haze.
Piper just growled at him.
“Good, be careful taking out,” said Tony.
Piper soundlessly stalked toward him, carefully removing the report from his hands, pausing when he twitched slightly. She turned back the cover page.
She smiled, running up him. Bruce caught her, tossing her up in the air.
“None, they had been burnt off,” said Natasha.
“Fine,” Tony chimed in.
“We’ll know when we meet her.”
Steve sighed looking back at the man standing next. There were heavy bags under his eyes. Even in his exhaustion, Tony was only thinking about him. "First you should get some rest."
“I bet he’s pretty. You always know the pretty ones,” said Foggy.
“I heard you snoring over the phone. It was cute. I’m tempted to set it as your ringtone."
Winter still couldn’t figure it out. But it was nice. Something he could get used to.
“Can’t your favorite godson come to visit? Without you thinking there are alternative motives,” said Tony.
“Thank you.”
Her expression made it clear that she didn’t believe him.
She was moved onto a gurney and was wheeled away. They were taking her away from him. NO! Piper didn't want to be alone! From whatever room they took her to, she could distantly hear Theodore's heartbeat. Later, she was moved again. Finally, she was able to open her eyes. She was trapped in a giant white tube. There was an odd turning sound as part of the machine activated. It was too loud! She screamed.
Steve smirked when he caught Tony was glaring daggers at the man. He lowered his gown. His torso was wrapped thickly with bandages. Blackwell swiftly cut them, revealing several neat lines of staples. Tensing when the doctor ran a gentle hand over his healing wounds. The touch made him uneasy, but he forced down the discomfort.
Tony relaxed immediately.
“Promise?” sighed Steve cuddling closer to him.
“I’ll be fine, Tony.”
"Nothing be ashamed of beautiful."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry, Dum-E.”
“And who decides which people are bad?”
“There’s a shawarma joint about two blocks away from here. I don’t know what it is but I want to try it,” said Tony.
“That was impressive. You're fast, but you've got to have thicker skin. The reaction is half what they crave,” said Steve.
“I have no weapons on me, Piper.”
There will be a bonus chapter published on the fourth.
“I doubt you could bother him, and he'd probably love to get his hand on your shield,” she said.
“Tell Tony I’ve found her,” Steve told the drone.
"We'll be fine, go."
“Tony.”
“Take off your mask!” he growled.
Tony was slow in his approach. He was not going to risk losing a chance to get into Captain America’s pants. Tony moved, so he was sitting next to the perfectly sculpted omega. He leaned closer.
“Piper, it’s okay. I would never hurt you.”
“What are you staring at, Fabio?”
"Good, is a military wedding still doable?" he asked.
“I know what a hangover is,” said Steve.
“Bye Phil, have a happy New Years."
“Hey, sugar lump.”
“Dr. Maya Hansen."
“It’s too much.”
Sitting in her loveseat was Director Fury.
"I didn't think I'd live to see the day you got married."
Their clothes were burned. Clint seemed completely comfortable with their nakedness. Steve accidentally caught a glimpse of Clint's naked form. It was well-muscled, but there was no attraction there. They were sprayed with a thick soap that stung the skin. Then they were lead to the showers. Steve was relieved to wash away the stinging soap. They were given flimsily hospital gowns to wear. Each of them were given a separate doctor.
By the time Steve was satisfied with the painting, it was one in the morning. His hands and clothes were stained with paint. He washed his brushes and went to the bedroom. Piper was tucked in her dad's arms. His inner omega refused to allow him to join them. He went to the couch. From there, he could look out on the city. Sleep proved elusive. The room was silent, protected from the sound of the city that never sleeps. All he could hear was the quiet breathing of mate and child from the other room. He moved to the floor, finding it more comfortable. Sleep eventually came.
“You are perfectly healthy, omega. I don’t see why not. It’s only a matter of time. Steve, this won’t be a normal heat it will be extremely intense. I suggest you find someone to help you through it,” said Edith.
"You looked so peaceful I couldn't."
“This is beautiful. Thank you, Thor," said Steve.
“Of course. Does it mean Extremis has activated?”
Tony started working on the plans for Harley’s garage and placing orders. Harley would have a dream garage.
“We both need time to think things over.”
“Want to see, Uncle Bruce?” Tony cajoled.
“There’s leftovers in the fridge if you’re hungry.”
“Have you seen him?”
“Make room,” she grumbled.
He was squished in a powerful hug by the god of thunder.
He finished the drill. Steve waved goodbye to Rory. He hoped the young omega would become an agent he had spirit. Steve would make sure the alpha who insulted them would be properly punished. His phone vibrated in his pocket.
Lena studied her new data. Comparing the two was fascinating. Piper was capable of greater control, speed, and flexibility than Rune. While Rune was stronger, more durable, and had a faster healing factor. The differences were minuscule. The statistics would change as they developed. Rune had the biological benefit of being an alpha, which naturally granted him greater strength. Also there was that alien DNA spliced into him.
“Three dead. One is in critical condition. We’re not sure if he’s going to make it,” said Fury.
“Oh, sorry, most omegas aren’t so umm built,” she said. The average height of omegas was anywhere from 5’0 to 5’10. Steve was built like an alpha at six feet.
It was as if she’d dump bucket cold water on him. The thought hadn't crossed his mind. They always made it out the other side. It was rare for alpha omega couples to divorce. Usually, it only happened in cases of abuse or infidelity.
Tony wrapped an arm around him.
"I don't mind. It's like camping."
He took a deep breath. "I'm fine. Pepper could we discuss this in a week. Right now I don't think I could give you my full attention."
“You’re right Steve. I apologize,” said Barny. Steve calmed. It was a foolish mistake on his part. Omegas could be extremely protective over an alpha they perceived as their potential mate. It made domestic assault cases extremely difficult in omega alpha relationships. Barny had enough of an idea of Tony know he wouldn’t dare strike an omega. He only wanted someone more stable for Steve.
“Sorry.”
“You need to step away,” said Fury.
“But the baby.”
“It’s not too late for you to change your mind,” said Tony.
Piper sighed, she'd made herself sad again. Shaking her head, she grabbed another book. But it was only a temporary pause from what she was feeling. There were only so many pages of distraction. The door opened. Winter instantly went on alert. In one motion fluid motion, he was in front of her bed. Lena came in. Her heels clicked against the tile floor.
“How are the penguins?”
“She’s determined to cure PTSD.”
“Are you okay?” she asked.
“How did they know?” he asked.
“You’re shaking."
“There has to be more to your mother terrible cooking,” said Steve.
“Sometime today.”
Tony slowed as his tower came into sight. Selvig was there with the cube.
"You'll always have me," he said.
“Okay. I’m going to play now.”
“I still need to know these things for the health of this one,” Edith pressed, sympathetic but firm. Steve nodded. “How far along were you?”
Pepper and Tony were quick to pick up on Steve’s discomfort.
“Sweetheart, I can’t reach any further. And you can’t stay there all right you got to let go. You got to let go I’ll catch you I promise!”
"Mr. Stark, I haven't seen you since you were in diapers," said the guard.
“What happened?”
"How was run?" asked Jarvis.
“Yeah, its seen a bit of mileage and you’ve got the glow stick death thing,” said Tony.
“Can you come back?” asked Steve.
Steve stilled as Jarvis scanned over him.
Winter almost purred at the comforting caress on his back. His eyes shot open, jumping to his feet only to lose his footing due to his muscles' stiffness. Where was the pup?! Relaxing slightly, he remembered she was safe. She'd beaten the odds and got back home. How much time had passed since he last saw her? Was it decades, years, or months? He groaned, rubbing his temples. Time had never taken on such importance. He'd adapt and serve. The setting or era didn't matter. It was only an obstacle to overcome to complete his mission.
*****
"The entire time."
“Helmut there’s no need to talk about such things a breakfast table,” said Lena, somewhat sharply.
“Hotels stopped using keys decades ago. Now they used card keys,” said Tony handing him a plastic card.
The date of the surgery came rolling around. Steve sat next to Tony. Tony was in bed be prepped for surgery. It wouldn’t be much longer now. He cradled Piper in one arm and held Tony's hand in the other.
He smiled.
"Where are you?"
"Did he make this?"
“No matter how fast I move I’ll never leave you behind. I promise Rune. I need you Rune.”
Tony angled the light at his suit.
The Pioneer Woman was playing. One of Steve's favorite cooking shows.
“That may prove difficult.”
“We can’t rush this.”
The pup stuck her tongue out at him.
“Than suit up,” he said.
"Hey, sweetheart."
“Either he slipped out before procedure took full effect or he was already worked within the agency. Hill is currently hand interrogation all those employed at the facility.”
“Stark, we’re are on your three heading northeast,” said Natasha.
“Once he gives up the cube he’s all yours. Until then stay out of the way, tourist,” warned Tony.
Steve's nose crinkled at what Thor was eating. It didn’t look particularly appetizing. "What are you eating?"
“Didn’t see anything.”
“I won't know."
“When should I expect your next heat?” asked Tony.
They went to the common tent taking a seat in the farthest corner from the entrance. Steve picked at his food.
“What?”
“Tony,” she said, testing how felt. “Nope, I don’t like it.”
"They're terrible, I know."
“Who could say no a home-cooked meal?” said Tony. It was more than he was expecting. Steve’s motives were clear. He wanted to be here. A cold November night, a warm home-cooked meal with a beautiful omega. It couldn’t get much better than that.
"Right, I wonder who I'm calling right now that the vice president," said Tony.
“No, Landman and Zack,” said Matt.
“Tony." Steve caught the alpha in a kiss, pushing his tongue passed the alpha's sharpened teeth. Slowly pulling away to whisper, "My alpha."
“Thanks.”
*****
“Nope.”
She had to be told. It didn’t matter where she was. She had the right to know.
"Rhodes, if anything happens to me, promise you'll watch over Steve and Piper."
Winter did as told. Piper groaned when she was rolled onto the jet. Her cage was secured next to Rune’s. Winter sat nearest to her. Explosions echoed through the base.
Piper got up, following Lena out. She waved goodbye to Winter. He returned the gesture.
“How far along are you?” asked Tony.
"What this Jarvis?" asked Steve.
“That would ruin the surprise”, said Tony.
“I put this in the records as a heat assessment, so don’t worry. First, let’s remove your birth control ring,” Edith said as soon as Steve arrived.
“I don’t like surprises,” he said.
“Stand down soldier.”
He threw off his sweater. Natasha picked it up and read over the label an Everlane. They ranged from anywhere one hundred to three hundred dollars. Steve probably didn’t know. It was nothing to Tony, but Steve would freak out. Steve deserved some spoiling. She smiled when Steve pulled clothes from a drawer.
A rumbled of a motorcycle broke the thought, on it was Bruce.
“I didn’t mean for it to go so bad,” said Tony.
“I missed you so much.” She kissed him on the forehead and pulled the blankets further over him.
“You bounce back quick. Another supermodel?” asked Happy.
“I think I might be malfunctioning, sir.”
“Really? They want me in a submerged, pressurized, metal container?”
*****
“What happened?” asked Pepper.
He growled baring his teeth at her. She didn't flinch. Her gaze remained firm.
“How are you feeling?”
“You are perfectly healthy,” she said.
Steve nodded. When was the last time he actually painted something he enjoyed?
"But you aren't bonded," said Rhodes.
“Yep.”
“Clint!”
"My parents' wedding song," said Tony.
“Two hours?” said Tony.
Lena smiled, barely suppressing a laugh. The child’s loyalty was precious. She wondered if Steve’s loyalty would be at the same level if knew his best friend was still alive, and knew the atrocities he’d committed for the sake of Hydra?
*****
Piper groaned rolling her shoulders. The slight outburst was enough to make her bruises ache. She pulled the blankets snuggly against her. Piper traced the fading scars on her hand.
"It's over now. We're both alive." Steve let go. "I'll get you some clothes."
Steve nodded. There was a faint clink as Tony locked the bracelet around his wrist. The alpha kissed him goodbye, before going to his lecture. Steve woke up about an hour later. He got dressed and called Happy.
“I'll kill you before you have the chance.”
“If you saw me you’d understand,” he said.
"How it go?"
“I love you.”
“What’s happening?” asked Natasha.
"If someone gave them to you, they aren't yours."
“It’s a British TV show. He thinks it classy."
“No, nightmares,” said Steve.
“A lot has changed since my day,” said Steve.
“I’m mean I’m really happy to be back,” said Piper, trying to make up for her failed response. She just wished it was a place where she was welcome. “I’m happy to be back. It’s a lot better than that place. A lot of places are.”
Every part of Steve wanted to do that, but Phil’s expression meant no.
*****
Tony kissed him on the cheek before striding back to their room. It would take ten to thirty minutes for the alpha to get ready. The elevator doors opened and Happy came in.
“Would you have let me fought beside if you knew?”
"You should be in there at least till Stark gets here. I'll keep guard," he said. Steve had reacted negatively to any alpha presence in his room, including him.
“Its DNA is extremely adaptable. If it were reintroduced to serum the pup would absorb it and strengthen itself. Steve, what you were shot with caused your birth control malfunction. I believe those responsible for shooting you with the birth control defuser were aware of this information," said Bruce.
“Do you want me to tuck you in?”
“Winter?”
“There should be so much more!”
"Ceasefire," shouted one of the alphas.
“It’s safe for you to talk,” said Pepper.
The beta’s hand went to her knife.
“How about Theodore?”
Phil nodded. Steve returned to his room. The weight on his shoulders was slightly less, but he expected it to return. He turned on the shower. The hot water was wonderful. Steve tried not to linger for too long. He’d already kept Coulson waiting. Once he was dressed, he took Howard’s letter from its hiding place. He tucked the letter into his jacket pocket. Steve went to the parking garage, where Phil was waiting for him. The beta pulled up in a black car. The front door opened.
The cameraman’s jaw dropped.
“You don’t seem surprised I’m here,” she said.
"One that ended years ago."
Tony led him to the guest bedroom. Steve fell back into the bed. The bedding smelled slightly of dust but he was too tired to care. Tony kissed him on the forehead.
Piper watched Winter. His attention was caught in thought. He seemed unaffected by his injuries, but there was something he wasn’t saying.
“You don’t have to,” said Steve.
She continued on. The sounds of Papa rapidly hitting a punching bag traveled down the hallway. She kept close to the wall as she moved. Papa had left the gym door open. She couldn't help looking in. Piper had seen Papa exercising before, but this seemed different. It was more aggressive. She could scent his distress.
“Sir, I’ve finished.”
Piper was an easy baby, not posing many of the challenges most infants did, so most of his days were spent coming up with new ways to stimulate her mind. Even with her limited vocabulary, she could get her message across without crying. She was already answering yes and no questions. The only issued he'd been having with her was teething.
Steve smile. "I guess we will."
“Noon,” said Jarvis.
*****
On learning that Steve was coming back, Piper was finally settling down for him. She napped, ate, and played with little fuss. It had taken her nearly five days to accept the idea that Steve was away. He would catch her staring at the elevator door every now and then.
“Fun fact before he built rockets for the Nazis the idealistic Wernher von Braun dreamed of space travel. He star gazed. Do you know what he said when the first U2 hit London? The rocket performed perfectly just landed on the wrong planet,” said Maya.
"She's protected." It was known by all that worked there.
"Where are you going?" asked Tony from the bed. He pulled the omega back into bed. "What happened to wanting to keep me to yourself?"
“Thank you. Say goodbye to Carl for me.”
“An idiotic alpha,” he said.
“Sure.”
“The train,” said Steve. It was recurring. Almost every day, one of the worst moments of his past came flashing back to life. He deserved it.
*****
"I know," he said.
"I'll put something on."
“You don’t even sound angry!”
"I see no reason to leave. I have everything I need here." He’d been a homebody for the last three weeks. It hadn’t even bothered him.
“You have an hour to draw whatever you want,” said Lena.
Natasha nodded. Steve hesitated before leaving the mansion. His omega screamed at to stay in the sanctuary of his den and to wait for his alpha to return. With the suppressants, it was easier to resist that side of himself. He got into the car with Natasha. Steve blushed when Natasha leaned over and scented him.
“You’re right, but I can’t stand a bully,” said Rory.
Steve changed into his running clothes and bundled Piper up before putting her into the jogging stroller. The pup loved moving. Car rides, strollers, being carried around anything that offered her further range of motion. He buckled her in. A few laps around Central Park would ease some of his anxiety. He went into a sprint. Piper giggled happily at the change in pace. No one bothered them. Most tourists respected his space, especially when he was with Piper. If he were running alone he'd pose with pictures with pups. Thankfully, he wasn't as recognizable as Tony. Once he finished his laps, it was time to go home. Piper whined when he slowed down. Steve stopped and moved in front of the stroller. He kissed her gently on the forehead.
“I’ve come here to put an end to Loki’s schemes,” said Thor.
“Tony?”
Steve wasn't sure if he could handle human interaction. He could barely tolerate Tony and the man was his mate.
“Come on, Steve."
“It’s fine. I need to change her.”
Fury looked to their hands. Hill carefully held the boy's hand in hers. “You’ve grown attached.”
He shook his head.
"Besides, there are plenty of other activities we can indulge," said Tony, smirking.
“I don’t know. Will you stop me if I do?”
“Mr. Stark, we need to take you to the hospital,” said the paramedic.
“What?”
They kissed, accepting each other fully for their flaws.
Tony was quiet. When he went to leave to caught him. Metal fingers gently wiped away his tears. “I love you, Steve."
“I’m fine, Pepper.”
Steve paced the room, not able to fight the instinct to move away from a threat.
Tony went upstairs. Steve was in the kitchen, staring blankly into a cup of coffee.
“What happened to you, Pipes?”
Steve scowled. He hated wasting food but the smell was too much. "Sorry, the smell was too much."
“This isn’t a conversation you want to have with sleeping pups so close,” said Natasha, before leading them to a nearby office. Steve slammed the door closed behind them. It shuddered violently in its hinges.
She wriggled out of Tony’s hold, scooting toward Steve. He held her closely, breathing in her scent.
“It wasn’t so bad.”
“Unconscious."
He put her in a rose print jumper. Tony easily balanced Piper on his hip.
An explosion sent Piper flying backward. Flames engulfed the air. Pieces of the ceiling and roof came falling down. Ms. Ann was passed out on the floor, her head bleeding. Piper grabbed her, dragging her toward the window. Piper went back into the flaming wreckage going after the two other children there, leading them to the window.
He chuckled. “I was in Calcutta I was pretty well removed,” said Bruce.
“What do we tell her? We can’t exactly tell her the truth,” said Steve.
“Caught in a thought?”
“He’s not wrong, Loki. He does have the jump on us,” said Bruce.
Men dressed in black body armor stormed in, weapons drawn. Effortlessly, he tossed them through the flimsy wall. He ran through the new entrance. It was a set.
“We are sweeping every wirelessly accessible camera on the planet. Cellphones, laptops, if it's connected to a satellite its eyes and ears for us,” said Phil.
“When do we depart?” asked Steve.
Having a positive relationship with the child would lessen the chances of her turning against him if something went wrong.
“Tony isn’t answering his phone.” He couldn’t stop the emotion from flooding into his voice.
“DO NOT THREATEN MY ALPHA!” he roared. He punched the cement wall behind her. "Never threaten him again."
“Come here, Steve.”
“Shut up!” growled one of his attackers.
“I shouldn’t have done that,” said Piper.
“Hey, sweet cheeks.”
Steve could watch Tony for hours in the lab and he had. But it had been a while since they’d spent time together like that. Steve loved to curl up on the lumpy couch in Tony’s lab. Waking up to Tony’s coat or a blanket draped around him always made him feel loved and cared for.
“Take off the mask," said Steve.
“Did I say that? You’re so quick to dismiss. Even though I was unable to gather anything of significance on Winter, I found solid information on his engineer, Igor Pirosky.”
Steve changed into his real clothes. He took his shield from the closet. It had been months since he'd last touched it. The vibrant blue and red were too much. He was almost tempted to change it, but Piper would recognize it instantly if she chanced to see it. He picked it up, sliding it onto his arm, but didn’t put on the entire uniform. What he planned on doing to Piper’s kidnappers wasn’t fit for the stars and stripes.
Steve was vaguely aware of Jarvis starting a movie. He sat up, embarrassed.
“Bye Rhodey,” he said.
“Yeah, takes us a while to get traction I’ll give you that one. But let’s do a headcount here. Your brother a demigod. A super-soldier, a living legend who kinda lives up to legend. A man with breathtaking anger management issues and a couple of master assassins. And you big fella managed to piss off every single one of them,” said Tony, slipping on his bracelets.
He yelled a cheer for the soccer team playing behind. Rhodes flinched. He barely resisted the urge to fire.
“What are you talking about? You gave me exactly what I wished for. I got to unwrap you on my bed,” said Tony.
He whined. Steve's eyes slowly opened. Tony helped the near hibernating omega to the guest bedroom, setting him in bed. Steve burrow under the blankets.
“And I’m a press magnet,” said Tony.
Steve bit his lip. His home was part of this plan. That was his den, the place where they were going to raise their pup. It was supposed to be safe far from this part of thier lives.
Lena sighed questions for another day.
“Captain Rogers, I’m sure you’ve encountered super abled children at the death camp you helped liberate." Steve nodded. "Just from Piper and Rune's physical condition, the abuse wasn't as significant as those poor children. Howard Stark made sure those children the best care, including psychiatric treatment. So, there was groundwork I could study, even though most of it was classified.”
The one the stuck out from the rest was one from Rose Hill, Tennessee.
"We've already done that once because of me. He won't be here much longer, and we're not taking Piper on a thirteen-hour flight to China."
"This is idiotic even for you. You scared the hell of out of me! Did you even think this through?" she said.
“I think she’ll be okay.” Steve winced when she powerfully kicked against his side. “She just broke one of my ribs."
The habit wasn't healthy but it could be worse. He nosed against Tony's neck, breathing in his scent. The alpha's scent was healthy. It lacked the drunken scent which he'd picked up on occasion when Tony was having a particularly rough day.
Tony gazed lovingly down at his infant daughter. The name fit her perfectly.
“Who took it from you?” Steve asked.
“I realized I hadn’t thanked you for taking me to the museum,” said Steve.
“Can you tell us anything about the man who did this?”
*****
“You do now.” Piper spoke firmly.
“You do not decide what is necessary,” said Pierce.
“But it’s so fun,” he said nuzzling against Steve’s neck.
*****
“He was taken advantage of. There was nothing I could do to help him. He wouldn’t let me help him. And I was too you to understand,” said Thor.
"We don't have to let him unless you want to," said Matt.
*****
Dr. George Wong knocked on the door to the Stark mansion.
“You’re smart like, Piper?” asked Rune.
"That was bad," he said.
Tony put down his phone still worried after his omega. The brief encounter left him bitter mood. He should be there. Tony pulled up the footage from his home on his phone. Steve looked well enough. He looked at the video from before the call. Steve was curled in a tight ball, whimpering. Ever so often calling for him. His omega was calling for him and he wasn't there. He should have been there helping him. His call seemed the only relief Steve had for some time. There was a knock on his door. He scowled at Pepper.
"There someone coming to the house today," said Steve.
Both techs gulped.
“Is fine.”
“No thank you,” he said.
"Zemo has served her purpose. Now we have a sleeper agent in the Stark girl that can be activated at a moment’s notice. You, on the other hand, are failing in the simple task I assigned to you."
"Of course."
“Thanks,” he said.
“Yeah. I had I date,” said Steve. His vision started to haze. He collapsed.
Lena looked around the glass-covered floor observation room. The two-way window had shattered. She rushed over to Piper. The cerulean glow was just fading from her skin. She forced open one of Piper's eyes, shining a light in it. Her pupils constricted in response, so Piper wasn’t brain dead. Lena quickly took several blood samples before the surge left Piper’s system. Her body seemed to be fully functioning. The only oddity was her skin. It was cool to the touch. Lena lifted the girl and carried her to a medical room, laying her down on a bed and strapping the restraints in place.
"Peaches have a layer of fuzz to protect their delicate skin from water," said Jarvis.
Tony laughed.
"Yes."
"Fine."
“I wouldn’t want you to.” Tony took Steve’s hand. “Thank you.”
“Tony, I understand these suits are part of you, but they aren’t part of us. I need you to refocus on our family. I need you more present. We need you more present," said Steve. He went to the stairs.
“How old was she in this?”
“It is. They are as dangerous, but won’t be as hesitant to hurt you as me. You’re safer not knowing them.”
*****
"I will be. Thank you, Nat."
“If Richard doesn’t mind you alright with this?” said Tony.
"Piper, think about what you just said. Have you ever known me to be normal?" he asked.
He followed Steve’s gaze to a blonde female alpha. Tony hated the way she looked at Steve. He snarled. Was she the alpha that left their scent on his omega?!
“Thank you."
“How?”
"That's a beautiful name," said Christina.
She'd written a fifteen-page research paper titled
“Yes.”
“Sign,” he said.
“She’s worth bragging about,” said Tony.
"I'm sure he'll make an appearance."
"No."
"I won't."
Steve disappeared into the bathroom. Tony smiled.
“Ours.”
Tony yanked down his pants. Tony’s hand tangled in his hair, dragging him into a deep kiss. Their tongues fought briefly for dominance before Steve gave into his submissive instinct. He was barely aware of Tony’s head bumping against his entrance. He hooked his leg around Tony’s waist, keeping him close, desperate to keep the closeness. They both moaned as Tony thrust forward, filling him in one full stroke. It was a frantic brutal pace between them. The only sounds were the slap of their skin and their cries of pleasure. Steve clawed at the cement floor, searching for something he could brace against. His alpha’s thrust grew rapid. They were close. He clenched around Tony, so needing release. It came when Tony’s teeth sunk into his neck. He screamed as a blinding ecstasy swept through him. Tony held him closely as he reached his own release. The alpha collapsed on top of him.
“Thank you, Jarvis. It’s nice to meet you,” said Steve.
“Better?”
He got his feet again, bracing against the wall. Steve limped to the bathroom. A tub filled with hot water and bubble bath awaited him. He eased into the hot water, moaning at the sensation. It was terrific for his aching muscles. The jets worked out the remaining tension. Steve sunk into further into the bath.
Steve relaxed instantly when cool air touched him. He wasn’t built for this kind of heat. The team followed Neema into what seemed to be the heart of the base, where she immediately pulled up an attack plan. The wrath of the woman’s glare seemed to be focused on Rumlow. Steve couldn’t fault her for that. The plan seemed pretty straightforward.
“Which one of you smells like honey,” he spat. Steve rocked uncomfortably on his feet.  “Fuck, big guy you’re in heat."
“I can’t do that!”
"What do they need her for?" said Bruce. It was concerning that they had an expert in the field. Playing with genetics was dangerous. And could have disastrous results.
“He had a mischievous clever gaze like he always knew something you didn’t. And possessed an effortless mysterious confidence. Like even once you got to know him he could still be a complete mystery,” said Steve. He turned red, realizing just how much of a type he had. Howard and Tony fell into the category, even Peggy did to some extent. Tony was smirking.
Tony followed him. They stopped at his container. It was undamaged from the attack. Mechanical arms removed the beaten armor from his form. He stepped out. Steve went to wipe the blood from Tony's forehead, but alpha caught his wrist.
“You weren’t answering your phone,” said Natasha.
"I am."
Steve woke happily huddled against Tony. He soon realized he had an issue and it was currently pressed against Tony’s inner thigh. Luckily, the inventor was still asleep. He carefully slid from the bed to the bathroom. Being covered in Tony’s scent didn’t help his problem. He started slicking. He got in the shower, waited for his body to calm, hoping Tony hadn’t caught the scent.
"Since, when are we normal?"
Her was scent hidden by scent blockers. Four female beta nurses with her.
This was her first encounter with a feral alpha but she thought they'd have a basic understanding of simple words. What happened to him to make him like this? He returned to his corner.
"It will speed up when Tony returns. This is your body’s way of protecting her, keeping her in where she’s safe until your mate returns," said Edith.
“I can see that,” said Tony.
He should leave, but he couldn’t find it in himself to do that. Tony wandered into Lego World. They'd spent countless hours putting together the different worlds. A Lego version of the Avenger Tower stood at the center of the tiny universe. He looked for the Avenger figures trying to find where it each was.
"And I would be going as your date, right."
“That’s perfect,” he said.
“I need this Tony. So, let me.”
"Something has me curious,” said Tony.
*****
“Alright,” said Steve.
“Happy birthday, Pipes.”
“Why are you sleeping on the couch?” he asked.
"You're right," he sighed. Steve nuzzled against the alpha's chest.
“Cool right?”
“Why did they leave?”
“I’m sorry, Papa.”
“Can you refrain from calling the father of my child an idiot for the moment?” he said.
“You could have told us once the jet took off,” said Steve.
Tony hadn't thought it would work so well. Omegas' neck was sensitive even more so in Steve's case since his heat was suppressed so long. Steve was steadily leaning more of his weight against him. He moved a pillow over his lap, resting the omega's head there. Steve's distress disintegrated was replaced by that heavenly vanilla honey scent.  He massaged the muscles of the omega's neck, hitting the right places. Soon Steve was putty in his hands.
“Who did this to you?”
“Worried about what happens if something goes wrong."
“How’s the sex?”
“Unless you're caught,” said Natasha.
If he’d ask that no long ago her answer would be to go home. But now, she wasn’t so sure. There was one thing she did know.
“Coming right up. Do you want to help?”
“Piper.”
"I understand why you came. Your job counts on keeping a good image. I imagine many people are looking for you to fail."
Steve laughed.
“That I have three whole months off.”
*****
“I’m your biggest fan.”
“You’re the better version,” he said.
"If you need anything, ask Jarvis," said Piper.
“You were asleep and needed rest,” said Tony.
“What wrong with that? I was thought you would enjoy the challenge?”
“That means a lot,” said Steve. He smiled. Tony had a vast collection of modern and abstract art. He didn’t think his simple landscapes would appeal to Tony’s taste.
“Tony, do you think I’m an idiot,” said Rhodes. Tony gave him an assessing glance. "Don't answer that."
“Let get you something better than a shoebox to store them in,” he said.
“Is she like Winter?”
“Nothing, baby girl.”
The way the two pups clung together made it was clear they couldn't be separated. Steve sighed, tucking them in. At least, Piper had the boy. A best friend was a valuable thing. The pups would need it.
Rhodes followed Tony’s to the nursery. He laughed when he found the womanizing alpha changing a diaper. "I never thought I'd live to see this."
“We were a little distracted.”
“The baby is due in sixteen days and I don’t know where I’m giving birth or where we’re going to nest after!”
Tony didn’t understand why Steve insisted on going to an old gym in Hell’s Kitchen when there was a fully updated gym in the tower. In any case, he’d bought the gym. The old owner kept it running, and Tony kept it funded under the condition it remain the same, and that Steve could go whenever he pleased. He made sure it was stocked with punching bags.
Steve was tired and in no mood to deal with this. Edith and Tony were adults capable of figuring this out themselves.
“And I want you to pick it,” he said.
“2:00 am.”
“I have a guest,” said Tony.
From the three paintings he had originally, he’d added thirteen. He didn't know what to do with his growing collection. They’d taken over his living room of his apartment. No one would want them, even if they did he couldn't give them away.
“Closure, it may be easier to go with Tony,” said Barny.
*****
Steve turned away from him.
"You can want all you like, Rumlow, but I'm in charge. Nothing happens without my approval. If you have an issue with that take it up with Pierce," Zemo said.
“Should?”
“What more surprising the fact I’m alive or that Tony Stark has a boyfriend?” he asked.
Piper hugged him tightly. “I promise I’ll try my best so we won’t get hurt.”
“Come on, there’s a lot for you to learn,” said Winter. He walked out of the room without hesitation, and waited for her in the hall. Piper froze at the doorway.
Once the pups were asleep, Natasha went to the kitchen, helping herself to a glass of red wine. The other adults joined her.
Tony smirked. “Yeah, that’s Brucey Bear.”
Piper giggled.
It wasn't safe here. He had to find someone. Someone he could trust. A familiar face. As he ran through the building voices over the radio call out code thirteen, but he kept moving, not taking a moment to absorb his surroundings fully. He ran onto the street. It was New York, but not the one he knew. There was no time to think. He had to move. Cars honked at him as he raced down the street. He slowed when he reached the heart of the city. Buildings taller than he’d ever seen towered above him. Screens alight with commercials for products he didn’t know. His heartbeat drummed in his ears. It almost flooded out the chaos surrounding him. Large black cars surrounded him. He could barely keep himself under control. Usually, he could remain level-headed in the greatest of dangers, but this was too much. His instincts screamed at him to give in to his flight instinct an omega’s first defense. But he has surrounded flight wasn't an option. His teeth lengthen in preparation for a fight. He crouched, growling lowly, making sure to flash his teeth.
They walked into the kitchen, where Pepper and Maria were working on the most recent project with Rune. Rune tensed when he saw the doctor and looked like he about to run and tell Piper that he was here.
“You’re in a good mood. You’ve been smiling all day,” she said.
They pulled into the garage. Steve reached over the center console grabbing his shield from the back. He followed Tony the elevator. Steve turned his shield his hands, trying to ignore how much he wanted to nuzzle the alpha neck and scent him thoroughly make sure there wasn't another omega's scent present. The elevator stopped on the lab. The area was pristine. It was if the attack never happened.
His flash of anger was enough to make her back off. If he was that easy to anger, this would be a long lesson. It was something she could use to her advantage. Or was it a ploy. It became difficult to trust people at face value. He could be playing a role to make her think he had a weak point. She wasn't ready to test the limits of his patience.
He lunged over a countertop, dodging the shotgun blast aimed for his head. A second passed and peaked over the counter. She grabbed him by the collar, dragging him to his feet. A punch to the jaw knocked him off balance. They tangled in battle. He locked the chained of the handcuffs around her neck. Only for the metal melt against her heated skin. He ducked behind the kitchen. The cuffs burnt against his wrist, but they fell away, giving him more of a chance in this fight. He pushed a can of gas into the kitchen, tossing his molten cuff liquid, catching it aflame. He turned on the microwave, tossing the dog tags inside. She came through the flames.
“Thank you.”
“Natasha, wanted me to give you this,” said Edith, handing him a red flip phone.
“What?”
*****
“With that amount, you get a wing named after you." Another addition to the list of buildings, which held the Stark name it was sure to go to the billionaire's head.
"What are you two doing up? It's four in the morning."
"Push them back."
Tony joined him on the couch.
While his mate slept he worked on designs for future projects. He nearly broke out laughing when Steve let one rip. Tony failed to hold back his laughter, waking up his mate.
Steve whined at the intrusion. It didn't flood him with the same panic as before. He spread his legs further, hoping it would lessen some of the discomfort.
Steve groaned, clenching down on Tony’s hand. He braced against the alpha. They stood there for a minute as he worked through the pain. Tony cradled his hand as soon as he let go.
"It may prove mentally damaging, especially since your heat has been suppressed for so long. Heat is something that doesn't have to be endured. It can be enjoyed," said Edith.
"Go ahead. I have to shower, then I'll be right down."
"You got yourself someone real special, young man," he said to Steve.
Tony sat next to him. He leaned into the alpha.
*****
"Didn't think it would be that easy to convince you."
“Go back to sleep,” he muttered and pulled the blankets over his head.
Natasha silently left. Steve opened Lena's file. A photo of the beta was paper-clipped to the inside pocket. She had golden-brown eyes and her brunet hair was styled in a pixie cut. A sprinkle of freckles crossed her nose and cheeks.
Piper climbed onto the couch, sinking into the cushions. The smell of vanilla, honey, and clove were lightly hinted in the air. She couldn't help relaxing. It was dangerous, but she couldn't call upon her senses to sharpen, to be more aware of what was happening. Lena took the seat across from her, she started humming a familiar tune. It became more difficult for her to focus. Everything seemed to have a comforting fuzz about it. Through the engulfing fog, three, nearly silent chimes went off.
*****
Steve smiled.
“The armor is now at 92%,” said Jarvis.
“What are you talking about?” he yawned.
Piper nodded, pulling up a step, then helping him with the batter. Steve held her in one arm, letting her sprinkle blueberries into the cooking pancakes.
“I like it,” said Steve.
“It does?” he asked.
“I wasn’t anything,” said Matt.
“What about your great grandfather?”
Piper did as told, and the freezing annoyance ended quickly.
"Jarvis pull up any scientists who were working on this sort of prostheses. Anyone from the late to mid-'40s to today."
*****
“I don’t think so.”
Piper grabbed him, trying to get them both away. She didn't get far before she too was shot with the same drug. Piper collapsed. It was a battle to keep her eyes open. Sir’s soldiers rolled two metal crates were into the room, and locked heavy retrains around her wrist. A familiar pine mint scent touched her nose. Winter came into the room, sheathing a bloody knife.
"Slow your breath."
He looked at the small structure.
By the sheer amount of panic in Tony’s voice, he must really care for the man. Part of him wanted to drive over to Stark Tower to see what the hell was going on, but if what Tony said was true having an unfamiliar alpha there would further panic the omega.
Tony walked away. It was too much. He’d seen good men die and somehow he fooled himself into believing he wouldn't see it again.
When his heart rate returned to normal pace he got up. He let a few seconds pass to make sure he was steady. Steve went to the elevator. He leaned against the corner. There was a slight jolt as it lowered. The door slid back, opening up to the alpha's workshop. Tony wore a welding mask and was absorbed in his work.
He tried not to get too upset. They were old men who'd lived a long fulfilling life. That was something to be celebrated.
“You’ll see soon. Be patient.”
"If were an issue they'd already mention," she said. S.H.I.E.L.D wanted the two together. They stabilized each other.
“Cheeseburger and diet coke,” said Clint.
Tony enjoyed the brisk air against his face. The silence allowed him to think clearly. He'd been out here for over an hour. It shouldn’t have gone this way. They should have Winter. He’d seen what Steve could do, but in his current condition, he didn’t stand a chance. Steve had the '
“Yes,” said Steve.
“Tony, they’re embodiments of my nightmares. I don’t see anyone considering such darkness beautiful,” said Steve.
“No.”
“Jarvis, introduce yourself,” said Steve.
He performed the average checkup. Everything was fine. Bruce put Piper back in her clothes, Piper nodding off in his arms. Tony was asleep in the chair.
“Am I interrupting?”
“In a week, but there’s a catch,”
“No, me and Rune didn’t interact much with the higher-ups. Wouldn’t have known if we did. He was just a bit higher than the guards. That’s the impression I got.”
“I’m assuming your current state has something to do with Captain Rogers,” he said.
She snarled, kicking her legs in a desperate attempt to throw him off. His grip was too strong. She bit his arm and slipped out of his grip. He grabbed her again. She punched back.
Piper rolled her shoulders, taking stock. "Don't think so. What's next?"
"You really are an altar boy," said Nat.
“I’ll find you.”
“Tap it again and it will return to its original form,” said Tony.
“This wasn’t your fault,” Steve reassured.
“You want to sleep on the floor?” asked Tony, when he saw bedding spread out on the floor.
Born August 15, 1917
"Piper, you're too young to bathe alone." She couldn't even swim yet.
“Sorry, I shouldn’t have mentioned him,” said Rune.
“The fractures were minor. It won’t stop him from being erased and reset.”
Steve laughed.
“Where is she?”
He didn't respond. From the few words he'd spoken she picked up no accent.
“You’ll be in for a treat if you chose him. He's supposed to be amazing in bed,” said Edith.
“We’re getting an album made.”
“Night, Steve."
Steve relaxed. He took a piece of paper and a pen from the center of the table. Steve quickly drew a sketch and signed his name. He handed it to the alpha.
Steve drew a breath, his chest tightening. Piper squeezed his hand releasing the clenching hold in his chest.
"He's right. It never proves to be dull," said Steve.
“I was upset. I don’t even know how to control my normal strength. It just happens sometimes.”
Once again, he was thrown into bed. Steve sat next to him.
Steve hung up. Natasha and Edith were smiling. His cheeks burned. He’d forgotten he had company.
They talked for a few more minutes before moving on. Steve retreated to his seat again his feet were killing him. Thor took a seat beside him.
“Yes,” he said.
"Come here."
“You’re Tony Stark’s boyfriend, Steve. Why not use the advantages it gives you?” she asked.
“What was Rumlow doing when he was captured,” he said.
“May I, Papa?”
“In your back pocket."
“It could be.”
“Okay, but you aren’t as terrible as you think, though.”
Winter was hurting because of her. Because he was trying to protect her. Protecting her went against the commands. “It’s okay, Winter. You don’t have to protect me.”
“You’re okay with me going?”
“Unless I make a youth serum,” she said.
“Sir, I must warn you Pepper is on her way. She’s left several angry voicemails. Do you want me to play them?” asked Jarvis.
“Egotistical, arrogant, genius, that doesn’t play well with others. What do you know about me?” asked Steve.
“We both have work to do,” replied Steve.
"They'll know if we're watching," said Rune.
June 3, 2016
He couldn't do that to Steve and Tony. Hulk would hate it. The big guy liked Tony and saw him as a friend. In general, he didn't have many. Now he had five among them an alien, super soldier, engineering genius, and two highly trained assassins. They needed to be durable to be his friends. There was a knock on the door. He turned to see Steve with a bowl of food.
“My alpha revolting against me,” said Tony.
“I don’t know. I was made so I could never have such a chance.”
She was covered in blood. They hadn't even bothered to wash the girl. IVs were connected to her. He unstrapped her restraints, carefully taking the pup into his functioning arm. Winter undressed her, throwing away the bloodied, ruined clothes. He placed her in a tub, washing away the dried blood. He'd expected to find bruising, but there was nothing. She'd been stabbed and there wasn't a scar.
“About fifty-eight tons,” said Phil. He took a seat on one of the bleachers and took a timer from his jacket.
“And our other asset?”
“I thought that would be abundantly clear,” said Tony.
“Tony?”
“Jarvis, call Rhodes no image."
“I’m sure you’ll feel better after you’re clean,” said Papa.
A week did nothing to change the pup. She hadn't gotten back her surety. Even when she was happy, she lacked that
"Maybe your inner omega responded that way because it feels like it can finally trust and alpha."  The line went silent, but she could hear him breathing on the other end. “Still there?”
"He has a perfect record," said Tony.
“Papa.” She yawned again. Steve started rocking her, humming her a lullaby. Tony got up from the bed.
“Listen to me? See that guy? I’m going to swing by and you’re just going to grab him. You got it?”
“She’s six. Anyway, it's limited edition. You should get used to Dora the Explorer. I'm sure you'll be watching plenty of it soon enough," he said.
“What?” asked Banner.
“Steve, what’s wrong?”
“It’s going well,” said Steve.
“For how many days of your heat were you were feral?” she asked.
He was already losing Steve to sleep. Tony kissed the omega goodbye. He couldn’t waste any time. It would be fastest to take the suit. He put on the armor speed toward California. The suit would have more than enough energy to get him there and back.
"Alright, if you-
Tony looked up from his work in the living room. Jarvis pulled up the footage from Piper's nursery. She was waking up. He went to her, putting her on the changing table. After the hundredth diaper change, he'd grown immune.
“I have to get to know them first,” said Steve.
“Piper Sarah Margret Stark.”
“You’re worth a second chance, Tony. Don’t press for a third,” said Steve.
"I will," said Piper. Dr. Star was good. She was Papa's doctor, so she had to be.
“Okay,” said Piper.
“Best friend,” corrected Rune. He scooted closer to Piper.
“The scientist had to pack a lot into them,” she said.
“He’s alive,” said Jarvis.
She was let through. “What happened?”
They split up to cover more ground. The downpour was so torrential it was difficult to see. A small, motorize drone flew by Steve’s side. Tony likely sent hundreds them out to search for Piper. In the distance, he saw an old cabin. It must have belonged to groundskeeper at one point. Under the deck, he saw a flickering blue light.
The pieces clicked together. “You're Captain America, how is this possible. You’re alive,” she gasped.
Piper did as told. “Now what?”
"He built that arm in the '40s," said Tony.
“Not so rusty now,” he said.
She darted off to her room, returning with a bag of hair supplies.
“Selvig?” said Thor.
“I don’t know how to flip the screen! Don’t talk to me like anymore. You’re not my boss. I don’t trust this guy. He has another guy with him, he’s shifty.”
"You wouldn't want me anymore," said Piper.
"Hit the spa maybe get a massage. Then go to the beach get a drink."
“Where are you off to this time?” asked Tony.
“What did you take down?” asked Steve.
“Come in.”
A tall bald man dressed in black came striding forward. His presence cut through the chaos. An eye patch covered one of his eyes. His stern, authoritative aura screamed alpha. Steve was able to focus on that voice. He straightened and regained control. His teeth retracted. He abandoned his crouching position and stood to greet the alpha. The alpha walked forward.
“Mr. Stark’s lawyer will be getting in contact with you shortly, Mr. Murdock,” said Happy.
The alpha grumbled in his sleep. Steve nudged him awake.
"I know. It's truly an honor to meet you, Captain," he said.
"Why aren't you downstairs with them?" asked Steve.
“Please remove all clothing,” said one of the scientists.
“You don’t scare me.”
“Isn’t it normal for alphas to present trinkets to the omega their sharing heat with or has the custom fallen out of fashion,” said Steve.
“You can tell me what happened,” said Tony. He would be the last person to judge.
"Where are you going?"
"I know it's hard for you to talk about your sessions with him but you could have told me, Steve."
"You okay in there?" asked Nat.
“I’m coming, sweetheart.”
"Star?"
“I already did.”
“Yeah.” She climbed down the stairs toward him.
“Are you sure? You’ll be stuck with me,” said Tony.
“Having trouble sleeping?’
“What do they want from me?” asked Piper.
Piper started wiggling in Rhodes when she spotted a new toy.
There was a thud on the roof. Matt was surprised when Steve responded to it as well. How could he hear that?
“I’m coming, sweetheart.”
Tony woke moments later. Steve’s side of the bed was empty. The scent of the omega’s arousal lingered on the sheets. Tony pulled back the blanket, revealing a small damp spot. From the bed, he heard the shower running.
Steve gave a nod of thanks. He changed, taking a moment to regain his composure. It was only two weeks, less than that since being in such close proximity would speed up his heat. The alpha's presence alone was enough to make him slick. It was embarrassing. Yet his inner omega preened happily at the attention that caused such a reaction. After splashing some water on his face, he came out of the bathroom.
After hours bent over the toilet, Tony got sluggishly to his feet. He braced himself against the counter. When was the last time he got this drunk? Advil had done nothing to numb his headache. The taste of vomit lingered in his mouth. How could Steve kiss him like this? He brushed the taste from his mouth.
"And if it were Steve?"
“And Winter? He’s your best friend, right.”
“Have you felt anything yet?”
“I’m sorry I can’t imagine what this must be like for you,” said Pepper.
Sleep came quickly to the couple. The next morning Steve woke up. His face was pressed to Tony's chest. He took a deep breath of the man's scent before getting up. His things were packed. Tony woke up a little later. He didn't kiss him like he had every other morning. Their breakfast was quiet. From the kitchen, they watched the sunrise.
“He’s my friend. We intern together. Sometimes he stays here after a long day,” said Matt.
"Pepper said we needed to get out in public more. Why don't you show me around Malibu?"
“And Steve doesn’t,” said Rhodes.
"Tony, take it easy."
"That only if they were to find out," said Fury.
"I'll be fine."
He felt exposed. Steve took a breath reminding himself it was for his own good. He fisted the blankets as the doctor worked. He couldn’t stop a small whine from leaving his throat.
“Sure, should we continue with the tour,” said Tony.
"And the other?"
“You don't have to ask me, Steve. Can I suggest a shower first? You smell of distress."
“For a reason similar to yours. We’re special. People want to us for their own gain.”
“Who were they?”
“No one worth feeling bad about.”
“Don’t put it off too long.”
Tony watched Happy pull out of the driveway. Steve's arms wrapped around his waist.
Tony took his hand. “I’ll be fine."
“There’s been an incident.”
“We’re not finished yet,” said Thor.
“Yes, shall we start the route home?” asked Jarvis.
“Is he alive?” asked Steve.
“He isn’t Tony, but this is something he’ll have to adjust to. You won’t always be there when you need him,” she said. God knows she learned that hard way. She took a breath. “Sorry, Tony you know how I get during this time."
“We can always do it together,” said Tony.
"Because I know you. They wouldn't let that go. Tell me about them, see if you can convince me otherwise."
“Nothing! I’ve been saying he’s unstable for years,” said Rumlow.
“No, she needs to learn to be patient,”
Tony relaxed slightly. He’d shifted Steve’s attention. “She’ll learn how to control her strength.”
"S.H.I.E.L.D. has provided us with a cover story. This time Tony follow it," said Pepper.
"Half-blood?"
Tony nodded. Steve offered him a bottle of water. The alpha drank heavily. Steve sighed as the alpha stroked his neck, causing him to purr. His skin grew hot. Despite his growing lust, he recognized how exhausted his alpha was, yet his body shook with need. Tony was already responding to his aroused scent. He was growing more and more desperate for release. Steve thought of taking care of it himself, but it wouldn’t satisfy his heat crazed need. Tony caught him in a kiss. Steve pulled away. Tony was still feral. It wouldn't be fair for them to be together, he'd be taking advantage. Alpha didn’t care. He seemed more than willing to help him even in his exhausted state. Steve reconnected their lips, Tony’s arms wound around him. The kiss was messy and enthusiastic, a display of their need for each other. A feverish heat spread through him. His next wave arrived. Tony kiss grew harder, deepening their kiss. Alpha nipped at his bottom lip. Tony’s tongue pushed into his mouth, where it tangled with his. They pulled apart breathless. A haze clouded Steve's mind. The alpha's scent was growing stronger. He connected their lips again with the same frenzied passion.
He watched Steve process. Tony moved to give Steve his space, but Steve’s hand took his. The hold was gentle, so he could pull away if he wanted. Tony dared to come nearer. Steve embraced him. Tony was quick to follow respond wrapping his arms around Steve. Relief spread through him at the touch of their skin. Steve purred, seeming to take just as much from the touch. They move to the couch.
"You needed it. It was a cathartic release," said Steve.
They went into the kitchen.
"You'll have to tell Phil about your change in living arrangements," she reminded.
They walked down the shore hand in hand. Once they reached the house, Steve, was ready to sleep.
"Due to the nightmare?" asked Tony.
“Fine,” said Piper, allowing the doctor to continue.
“I’ve called the closest S.H.I.E.L.D division. They’ll be here tomorrow morning,” said Natasha.
“Staring at the clock won’t make time go by any faster.” Tony’s voice rasped.
“Clint stays here with the prisoner and waits for reinforcements," said Natasha.
*****
“Why?” asked Winter, perplexed.
“Don’t care.”
“I’ll show you to your lab. Mr. Stark has had it all set up for you,” he said.
“Son, just don’t.”
“Got your paintings,” said Tony.
Steve glanced at the dead man on the floor. All that was left of his face was a bloody pulp.
She rubbed the sleep from her eyes. “What time is it?” she whined.
“I should probably write one as well. Get my finances in order.”
"Guess so," said Rune.
“When is the big day?” she asked.
"Vent out the room, the room, Jarvis," she said.
“An eyesore isn’t it,” said Fury.
Piper went back to the car, examining its engine. Barny had done an excellent job maintaining it. Rune hopped onto the fender next to her.
“Pepper, I don’t want to overstep my bounds. I was under the impression Tony was single. We haven’t done much more than kiss. If me being here causes problems, I’ll leave,” he said. Steve meant it. If he was preventing them from being together, he wouldn't stay.
"I understand needing a crutch. Before you and Piper, the ironman suits were that for me.”
“Sure."
“So they mess with your head?” said Rune.
“I’ll wait for his call.”
“How long will you be gone?” she asked.
“How did you get these?”
Tony sighed as Steve’s fingers carded through his hair, removing the headset he was wearing. He rested his head against Steve, running his hands over the omega’s growing stomach.
Piper rolled her eyes.
When he got back to the lab there was a case on his table. It was the safety box he'd given Steve to put his treasures in. He opened the box everything had been protected. He put it down beside him. Two hours later he had a cure. He made two doses. None of the Extremis soldiers survived for it to be used on them. He gave a vial of amber liquid to Hill.
"I don't have the authority to say."
“Easy Captain Rogers,” said Phil.
January 9, 2016
“Thank you, Edith. You don’t know how much of relief that is,” said Steve.
“Let me see.” He snagged the alpha’s hand from behind his back. Steve had further damaged his alpha’s already broken fingers. “Get the first aid kit.”
He took in the large glass and brick buildings surrounding them. These structures proved nothing.
“It was great seeing you, Peggy,” said Steve.
“Is he-
“They were so busy with you flying around Brooklyn there was no mention of your visit to Hell’s Kitchen,” said Rhodes.
“Furry,” she said innocently, tilting her head to the side like she didn't know what she was doing. She closed the door behind him.
Tony flopped back into the large cushiony bed.
Five minutes ticked by too quickly.
“Yet even without superhuman powers, you made me limp.”
“It takes 4,000 newtons of force. Who or whatever did will be exhausted asleep for days,” said Ballentine.
Winter clutched at his head, reeling backward. He crashed into the corner of the cell. His legs were tucked close to his chest. He was rocking back and forth.
“This is cute,” she said, turning the phone in his direction, so he could see the background.
“I’d prefer someone, not in the military. They all know me and see me in a certain way. I don’t want that,” said Steve.
“Fuc!”
“That’s where I really surprised. I expected some similarity some between him Thor, but he shares fifty percent of his DNA with Thor,” said Bruce.
“You want a stealth mode?"
“Why?” she asked.
He ran out onto the road. Stopping in his tracks when of her friends appeared. The man raised his cup to him, with a glowing orange smile. Tony shot passed his head. He dove for cover behind a car. Tony jumped through the window of a nearby diner, sliding across the floor.
“What took you so long?”
“That’s too long.”
“Where are they going?” asked Rune.
“That’s the sound a sheep makes. Pecora.”
"How much sleep did you get?" he asked.
Steve ran off before he could hear the rest of what the man had to say.
“You’re lying,” said Rhodes. "So what happened here?"
“Why?! I wouldn’t stop you from going!”
"Make it special. Even if you make a complete fool of yourself I'm sure he'll say yes. What excuse did you give him for coming here?”
“I told you I don’t want to fight you.”
Tony waited on the lower bunk for him.
Steve was forced to as feet as the armor flew from him, jetting into the mansion. He so wanted to go in after his mate, but a powerful alpha command to stay flood through their bond. There was nothing he could but watch.
They went to the examination room where Edith was waiting.
"Can we get up?"
Tony checked his phone while Steve talked with the kids. Steve seemed so at ease with the pups. There was a notification from Jarvis. They were starting to gain more attention.
Theodore straightened as a beta woman came entered the room their cell was contained in. She was a new face. Theodore kept his head low in submission. He pushed the pup behind him, backing them into the furthest corner of their cell. Piper appreciated the shelter he offered.
There really wasn't much else they could do at the moment. Between the pain and a sleepless night, Steve hated to admit it, but he was wiped out.
“Do you want me to stay here with you?” asked Tony.
"I'd rather endure it alone," he said.
Steve didn't get a single phone call that day. He couldn't call home himself. This was something he had to get used to this. He would have to go on assignments, so both he and Piper would have to adjust. Steve tucked his phone into his back pocket.
Tony closed his eyes, completely ignoring him. A silent flight with Tony Stark another first. Rhodes was almost tempted to sleep but didn’t. The first and last time he fell asleep in a private plane with Tony was when they were teenagers when he woke up; both his eyebrows were missing. Tony must have grown out of it by now. He closed his eyes, and sleep soon came.
“Wipe that smug look off your face.”
"Steve!"
July 31, 2012
He allowed it, this time. Her tiny hand wrapped around his finger, holding it tight. She was unafraid of it. She was unafraid of him.
“That’s better.”
"It's in better shape than I thought," said Steve.
“You helped him through his heat, but if it was just that, you wouldn’t be here. You’ve fallen for him,” she said.
Steve made toast and gave it try. He took a timid bite before quickly eating the rest.
Piper yawned, before almost soundlessly whispering, “I’ll get us out, promise.”
“Why aren’t your people helping him?!” he growled.
“You’ll find the right time,” said Edith.
“Is he okay?!”
“You can’t breathe for no reason, no matter how hard you try. And you feel all scared.”
“Just glad you're back," said Tony.
“Your inner artist wants to see it,” she said.
Winter was tempted to ask of the pup but he feared the answer. He followed Dr. Zemo to an examination room. She performed the basic run through. The beta tossed a set of white scrubs at him. He instantly stripped, changing into his new uniform.
“This will further put Stark Industries on the map as a source of alternative green energy,” she said. “It’s important that no mistakes…” Pepper was losing his attention. Tony’s gaze was still focused down the hall. She sighed. He’d completely moved on.
"Steve?" Tony called.
His distress was clear. The scent was flooding the hall.
“Mangos.”
“Why are you with me?” asked Tony, leaning into Steve’s chest.
“What do you do when someone’s having PTSD episode?!” he yelled.
“Who did you have to call?” asked Tony.
“Is that safe for you?” asked Steve.
“Maria!”
"Tony was different."
“Anything broken?” asked Winter.
“Look.”
“Is there a reason you’re up there?” asked Bloom.
The alpha was swift pull away as if the touch had burnt.
“I will.” The bracelet was a tracker with an emergency alert signal. That would call upon Tony and trigger the nearest suit to his aid.
"Today," he said.
“And I know just where to put it,” said Tony. He grabbed hold of the missile, leading it to its new destination.
“He’ll have to get x-rays,” said the nurse.
"She wants to be a firewoman who makes fireworks. But changed her mind when she remembered you don't like fireworks," explained Tony.
“That only goes so far. You’re still human."
“A blind man flipping around like an Olympic gymnast - that's a new one for me. I'm almost surprised; you don’t know how rare that is. The human body is an amazing thing but this is a stretch. How is it possible?”
Hulk roared. Tony came stuttering back to life.
“There could be more hidden here.”
“Yes, he’s the only one that earned a response from him,” said Natasha.
"Then I'll break into S.H.I.E.L.D.'s system and find out myself."
*****
“It will be there later.”
"I've been calling your name for a bit."
He kicked the man, making distance between them.
“I hope it helps.”
They settled back into the nest.
“Yes.”
“Why do you want me to come with you?”
.” Tony paused, waiting for him to say something. "For fuck's sake, I can even estimate with remarkable accuracy what kind of mood you're in by the paintbrush you use."
Tony had enough of this.
"Dance with someone," said Rhodes.
"That's not what I meant!"
“It’s Agent Coulson, are you ready to go?” he asked.
“Because I learned how,” said Tony.
“Jarvis, have you ever heard the tale of Jonah?” he said.
They pushed his gurney into the elevator.
"Rhodes as godfather and Natasha as godmother," said Steve.
Steve nodded. Tony nuzzled against his neck, scenting him. He did the same to Tony. When he tried pulling away Tony tugged him back.
Alpha turned them, so they were resting on their side. He rocked into him, working through a second release. Each time Steve followed moments later. When it was over, Alpha didn’t pull out. Steve felt full. They were both panting, attempting to regain their breath. Groaning as Alpha pulled out from him with a lewd pop. Slick and cum dripped from him. He closed his legs, not wanting to let it out. The irony smell of blood touched his nose. There was a deep bite mark on the alpha's forearm. Steve licked the wound clean. The next wave was coming.
The robot defeatedly started picking fruit off the floor.
"Something powerful flowed through me. It wasn’t like anything I ever felt before. Then it burned. Starting behind my eyes and spreading down through the rest of me.”
“You know I hate that nickname,”
"My best inventions come out of getting out things I don't want to do. There has to be a better design," said Tony as he fumbled with the tool.
“Piper?”
“Joseph Becker.”
"Thank you," she said when he was done.
Tony dug his fingers into the sand. He was a dick a merchant of death, but he would never force himself upon an omega. Tony nodded. His hand went to Steve, gently squeezing it.
His flower girls came running toward them.
“Your temporary identity,” said Phil.
Steve stepped into the lab. Both alphas were gawking at him. Rhodes was breathing heavily through his mouth.
"He ordered baby books?" he said.
“I’m so sorry, Winter.”
Steve’s sensitivity at the mention revealed so much.
“Let me see the ring,” said Natasha.
“It’s alright.”
“How many people live here?”
Steve huddled close to him. His purring relaxed the omega. He would keep them safe. His hold on his mate tightened. They had to be safe. He had to get his will in order, so if anything happened to him. Steve and the pup would be fine without him, but he wouldn’t survive without them.
“I am Doctor Edith Star. I’ll be attending your health care,” she said.
“What do you think?” asked Rune.
“I sleep through the night twice,” he said.
"Hopefully, at least till her birthday," said Steve.
"I'm not telling you."
“That would be nice thank you," said Steve.
“Maybe."
“Happy, whenever he says it I get butterflies in my stomach but-
“He’s not going,” said Steve.
“It’s nothing.”
Natasha descended further with jet, weapon drawn ready to fire.
“Pup?”
“All three are great names,” said Tony.
"Let's follow the Hulk idea. He's a beta. Fits of rage aren’t often associated with betas. Banner is male, though, so that makes up for it, slightly. If he were alpha, he'd be more openly accepted. But let's say Dr. Banner was an omega female, alphas would despise her because they fear an omega with such power. There's no beauty to such a beast, she said.
“I’m beyond terrified,” said ponytail.
"What about, Stark?"
"My diagnosis is you've experienced a severe anxiety attack," said Jarvis.
“Ten tomorrow morning could catch a late breakfast or something,” said Tony.
"Sleeping, he hasn't been getting much lately."
She couldn’t move!
The door opened. He whimpered, it was the woman. She was the worst. Most of his captors blended together. Pain was pain; it didn’t matter who inflicted it. But she was different. Her personality fluctuated constantly. She be could kind one day, cruel another. Today she looked unhappy. He quickly stood up, waiting for a command.
Tony was probably working in his lab. Piper proved to be an inspiration. He'd made vast improvements on baby proofing items. As the items were thoroughly tested they were put on market and sold rapidly. Tony tried finding ways to make them inexpensive enough so all families could afford the product. His most recent project was a diaper trashcan that actually kept in the smell.
“Sure, you aren’t. Close your eyes for five minutes, if you don’t fall asleep, you don’t have to nap,” said Winter.
“Thank you, Papa.”
“Don’t grow up to fast.”
She never napped long, an hour at most, but it was needed. Missing that nap significantly increased the chances of a tantrum. Her first tantrum was a nightmare which left dents in the floor from where she'd struck her fists. Tony quietly closed the door behind him.
“They deserve the right to confront the bastard that harmed their family.”
Piper woke up with her head feeling stuffy. She yawned. The moment leading up to how she'd gotten to her room was a blank. She fisted the blankets. Her heart rate picked up. What had happened in that time?! Did she hurt anyone?
“No.” Biting back the urge to say he was right. Steve was one who owed him an apology.
“He did tell you my true parentage did he not?” said Loki.
“You need to eat, Steve," reminded Jarvis.
"I'll wait outside," he said.
The omega gave into a well-earned sleep. He was beautiful. Steve was all he ever wanted and more. He couldn't imagine a life without Steve in it. Tony leaned over the bed kissing Steve on the forehead.
"Did you put him in his place?"
"You have a crush," said Natasha.
“Aunt Peggy, he was your true love,” said Tony.
He brought Steve close kissing him. “You are too good, Steve."
Their tongues fought for dominance. Eventually, he gave in, allowing his alpha to take control. He was pinned between the glass and his alpha. Tony’s muscles flexed possessively around him, keeping him close. His fingers tangled in the alpha’s thick brown hair, preventing him from breaking their kiss. Their hips rocked together, creating wet friction, causing them both to moan. Steve broke the kiss. Both were left panting. He turned, so his chest was pressed against the glass. Steve spread his legs.
“Do you like it?” asked Daddy.
“Passta," said Piper.
"Saltwater."
He nudged Tony toward the door. When the alpha was gone, he picked up a pencil and started sketching. Then put down the first layer of paint. The rough image, staring back at him, was Tony's arc reactor.
“He’s waking up.”
Steve sat up, pulling back the blankets. He wore a pair of neon pink underwear.
“I love you.”
*****
"Thank you, Dr. Havaldar,” said Steve.
"Your husband told me not to."
“You’ll get another chance. We both will,” said Tony.
Her posture instantly straightened and her head rose. She turned to him, completely collected.
Steve nodded. One of the agents showed him to a room, sitting on the table was a metal box. Inside was his uniform. He ran his fingers over the star. It had been so long since he last dawned the stars and stripes. He put it on.
“Yes, Pipes.”
"That isn't an option for me. Someone will recognize me. Even if it were an option, S.H.I.E.L.D. would have to thoroughly vet that person. And we would have no real private life. I don't want to be put some through that."
“Where are my parents?” she asked.
"Bunker?"
“I will get back to you. I promise.”
"They'll always want more," said Steve.
Steve was still fuming when he heard a knock on the door.
Piper nodded. He scooped her up in his arms. She beamed up at him. and he could see her teeth were coming in.
“It isn’t only this building but several around it,” said Tony.
“Actually bears,” said Steve.
“You don’t even know what I was thinking,” said Tony.
"Would it make him love me?" asked Steve.
"Have something to say, Agent Hill?"
Steve and the others watched from the ground. Chitaur fell around them. The giant war worms dropped. Steve searched the sky for the man he loved, but couldn’t find him.
“Make it stop!” she screamed.
“Sounds like she is waking up.”
“Calm people don’t yell!”
“How much of that did you see?” he asked.
“Please, Steve." He didn't care that he was pleading.
“Piper Sarah Margret Stark.”
He got in the elevator with Natasha. Steve didn’t want to leave the alpha over the holiday during this time. Tony would be fine.
Tony shrugged. "More popcorn?"
“Alright, Piper, let’s start with this one,” said Fury, kneeling down on her level with a headshot. “Do you know this man?”
“Jarvis, pull up the footage,” said Tony.
He wasn’t planning on telling Piper the true details of his
“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” asked Miria.
“Why didn’t you tell me?!”
He was back to non-interactive. The communication was nice while it lasted. She hugged herself. Piper sniffed her clothes, trying to pick up Papa's scent but smoke clung to the fabric. She started humming the song Papa sang to her whenever she had a bad dream.
“What if you had gotten hurt!” shouted Steve. He couldn’t have that on his conscious. There was already too much for which he felt guilty.
"Don't overthink. Enjoy it."
He took a breath.
Steve smiled back. "I'll think about it."
He turned to see Kate.
“Who do you want to go first?” asked Kevin.
An hour later Piper was wailing. Nothing was calming her down.
“You don’t seem to have changed much.”
“Just like old times huh?”
She tried getting closer but was too young to move on her own. He brought her further up his chest. Her little hand rested on his the reactor.
“I’ll go get that.”
Steve was relieved that he would soon be done with this alpha.
“Daddy?”
“Piper?”
“Can you explain it?” she asked.
Steve smirked. “Did you ever walk in on Howard?”
“How long was I unconscious?” he asked.
The alpha was stunned. He never thought he'd see the man again after Stark paid him off. Especially not after discovering who he really was.
“Huh?"
Lena turned back to her screen, dismissing him. “The position has been filled.”
“How far?”
“You would know if I did.”
"Bye, Edith."
“Okay, so I was poisoned?”
“The public only knows about three, but here’s the thing nobody can id the device. There are no bomb casings.”
Piper couldn't help raising her head. When was the last time someone said her name? It nearly made her cry. Piper sniffled but pushed down her fear. She had to be strong. Theodore didn’t have a voice or much of a mind. She had to be strong for him.
"Alright."
Steve nodded meekly. He understood. The things that made Piper so much like her father weren't present in Tony currently. She had Tony's smile. If Tony were to smile it would cause the same reaction in him. There was little risk of him seeing it now. Neither one had a reason for such an expression.
The omega tackled him. While his attacks were sloppy with emotion, the few that struck were powerful nonetheless. Winter grabbed his knife, sinking it deeply into the omega’s leg, and pushed past him. He needed to get away but he didn’t want to permanently hurt someone Piper loved. An arm wrapped around his neck, trying to choke him out. Winter jabbed his elbow repetitively into the omega’s side, cracking ribs.
Steve grabbed his arm as Tony left the bed. “Don’t.”
“You protected me.”
“A trinket,” said Tony.
*****
“Okay, Papa.” Not bothering to look innocent act. “Bye, Director Furry.”
"You don't get to tell me what I need, Tony. You know how uncomfortable I am being like."
Tony pulled up to his doctor's office. They were several people in the waiting room. They took a few seconds to stare at him before looking away. He wanted to go home. Tony took out his phone, pulling up the footage from his living room. Steve was resting in nesting couch perfectly relaxed.
She pushed away from Papa, every instinct fighting against leaving his warmth.
“What’s going on, fill me in?”
"We can't get you to stay longer?" asked Steve.
“Sadly, he’s taken,” said Edith.
“Ignore the insults try not to respond when he baits you. It's difficult. I didn’t talk to him for nearly a year after one time," said Rhodes.
"Is that all you got? Cheap tricks and cheesy one-liners."
“I suppose you’re right,” said Lena undoing the straps.
“How did this happen?” asked Rhodes.
“Agent Coulson is down. They called it,” echoed Fury’s voice.
“I’m aware.”
“Since the end of the Fujimori regime, they’ve worked to end government corruption, while keeping up a good economy. They’ve done well, but there are still a few officials they haven’t been able to remove from power yet,” said Natasha.
They made their way to castle grounds. The surrounding woods were a mix of reds, orange, and yellow. It was beautiful. He took his time examining the architecture. Natasha was patient, not rushing him through the exhibits. Once done at the castle, they had a late lunch in the village before taking the train back to the base. Clint was waiting for them.
"Yes, by the time to the machine is ready. He'll be stable enough to endure the process," said Hounsfield.
“This should do it,” he said.
“Your breakfast.”
“Yes, I don’t suppose you know where,” said Natasha.
“But what I can understand is your mind turning against. And how painful it can be to have the thing that makes you brilliant turn against you."
"Only to you or everyone else?"
“Don’t, it was refreshing to see parents care so much about the child. Sadly, in my previous job, I didn’t normally have that in patient’s parents.”
“Why?!”
“What?” asked Tony.
They made their way to their room as she nosed against Helmut’s neck, taking in his scent. They maybe betas, but sharing their scent was still a comfort. The powerful scents of alphas and omegas were overrated. Lena and Helmut held each other through the night.
“Shit, I thought everyone Piper fucking Stark.”
“Captain American-
Steve lurched backward, only to further exacerbate his panicked state by hitting his back against the corner walls.
Steve called Happy and gave him the address.
“Tony.”
He kissed Steve on the cheek. The omega pulled him down for a deeper kiss. He went to the lab to work. Days passed by smoothly.
“Honey?”
With that, they started searching for Piper's notes, finding two. One had a perfect diagram of a car, likely meant for Tony. Those with animals or motorcycles were meant for Steve.
"She was an omega sex worker from Ciudad Victoria, Mexico. Her parents reported her missing in 2010. She likely kidnapped or agreed to a surrogacy arrangement without knowing the full details," said Bruce.
“It’s about me. I should be able to read it,” said Piper.
“Put her down,” said Lena.
"Where are we, Pipes?" asked Rune.
“The bed is too soft. Felt like I was sinking into it."
“You clearly don’t need a new limb, so what do you want,” asked Paninya.
“Yes, Sir."
Piper rushed to the front door, knowing her parents didn’t want her interacting with the man, but she was curious. Opening it before her parents could.
“Tony?”
“I’m sorry.”
“Get in handsome,” said Tony.
“I doubt she caught that,” said Kevin.
“What kind of tree do you want?” asked Steve. He had to keep himself under control. Sex wasn’t the right distraction for Tony, after the holidays.
“Steve."
Steve relaxed when he heard Tony leave. He slid to the floor. Jarvis didn't have access to the studio. It was a safe zone. The room was covered in a thin layer of dust. It had been months since he was last in here. He ran his hand over the brushes. Before going to the door. He slowly creaked open the door. The penthouse was empty. He was unused to the quiet. The stillness was unsettling.
“Tell me when you’re ready to go,” said Phil.
Pepper came closer, smiling a cute little pup.
“Stark.”
“We have thirty minutes until I go into cardiac arrest,” said Tony.
“Expecting the classic polygraph?” she said.
Steve nodded, sitting up so Tony could move behind him. Those deft fingers worked into his muscles, working out the knots. He moaned. Steve braced himself against the alpha as he worked through another cramping pain. It was impossible to find a comfortable position. He was awake now and doubted he would fall back asleep.
He watched as pleasure took hold of the omega's expression. Steve coiled around him pulling him deeper. He pace became faster and harder as he was growing closer to their final release of the night. Tony vision went white as Steve clenched around him. Tony rode out his orgasm. He caressed Steve’s sweat-soaked skin. Before now he’d always hated this position. It felt far too intimate, but now it felt right. Even in his blissed-out state, Steve looked at him with such affection.
Bruce did the same to Tony. Steve growled when Bruce touched Tony's neck.
*****
“It’s too late. It’s up now! He wants to show us something, a new universe,” he shouted.
“No, there's nothing that he wouldn't be able to get at the store. I would do it myself if I were allowed, but the director wants me to stay out of the public view as much as possible,” he said.
“Don’t,” said Steve.
"He's the son of Poseidon and a human mother. I don't think Thor is Rune's dad, but think they somehow got a hold of his DNA."
Steve sensed the tension his question caused. He set up hangman on the notepad and offered it to her.
They hadn’t published the information; it would be too much attention even if positive. Piper’s intelligence made her a bigger target, so Steve and Tony kept her out of the spotlight as much as possible. That didn’t stop the paparazzi from trying to nab Piper’s picture. Steve almost lost it when some desperate reporter crashed a family picnic, huge camera in hand. It scared Piper! She was too young to understand the greedy clicks and sharp flashes. Keeping Piper calm was the only thing that kept Steve from attacking. Fortunately, for everyone’s safety, most of the press was respectful.
Steve forced back the tears welling in his eyes.
Tony glared into those blue eyes. They pleaded with him to stay. He shook off Steve’s grip. “You going to stop me?” he asked.
The elevator went up. Steve didn’t try to stand. He wouldn't attempt getting up until they reached their floor. The doors slid open. He got to his feet shakily. He took to Tony’s hand leading him into the penthouse. Steve’s omega didn’t like it. He backed toward the elevator. This wasn’t his den! Alpha brought him close. Steve pressed against Tony. The skin-to-skin contact helped him relax.
Steve broke eye contact with the director, focusing on the punching bag again.
Tony flew toward the engine, taking stock of the damage. Quickly processing the information transmitting in his helmet. “I’ve got to the superconducting cooling system back online before I can access the rotors and work on dislodging the debris."
“It doesn’t smell right,” said Steve.
“Yes.”
“I can’t!”
He shook his head.
He was trying so hard, but he was losing. There was nothing Piper could do.
"I know."
July 29, 2012
“Force of habit,” said Pepper.
“Its fine, Tony.”
Tony joined his family. He watched as they slept. There was no urge to leave in favor of his lab. He could stay like this for hours.
Steve growled. He might just have to beat some sense into his alpha at this point! “Yeah, big man in a suit of armor. Take that off, what are you?”
"Does it smell that bad?" asked Matt.
“Now return them to your deck.”
Steve locked the bathroom door and turned on the shower. Hoping the running water would drown out the sound of him crying. He shed his wet torn clothes and got into the shower. Steve opened one of the shampoo bottles. It was a neutral smelling soap. He was quick to wash. Steve dried himself off, wrapping the soft towel around his waist. He glared at his clothes. They were dirty and soaked in the scent of his distress. Putting them back on would make him feel filthy. There was a knock on the door.
He led her onto the dance floor. Steve was careful of his movements, not wishing to hurt her by treading on her toes.
Hey guys again sorry how for how long it took to publish.
Steve chuckled. “Bucky gave me the same look when I told him. He thought I would be some famous artist. Buck didn’t want me to be in danger,” said Steve. Tony touched their shoulders together. "It was better to breaking glass ceilings at home than at war. That was his thought."
“No.”
The pups being free of scarring was a momentary relief. “Who wants to go first?” asked Edith.
“He was doing his job,” said Steve.
The door opened. Piper instantly grabbed Winter’s hand. He pulled her behind him. Lena was in a yellow, button-down dress. Piper had stopped caring what the woman wore. It never gave her any leads and only served to make her more confused.
“You did putting such a beautiful image in my head,” said Tony.
“Yes,” she said.
“Hey, Steve.”
“What time is it?” asked Steve.
“Free country,” she said.
“You are perfectly healthy,” she said.
“How do you know how he deserves to be treated? If you knew the things he’d done, maybe you’d think differently.”
