Dean tries not to pout.
“Oh,” Dean says, playing with his eggs. “Cool. Good for you, I guess. And him. He seemed like a nice kid.”
Cas makes a choking noise. “She wasn’t actually your wife then, but, ah… yes, that’s what I was worried about. I should not have blurted that out. Especially if Lisa hadn’t already told you. I’m very sorry, Dean.”
“Hey,” Cas says absently, pulling out a block of butter and glaring at it. “Any idea where the last of my Rochefort disappeared to?”
“Dean,” Cas sighs. “I promise you, it’s not like that. We only want to—”
“The buffet,” a guy, dressed in a wrinkled business suit and an honest-to-God trench coat replies. “They have delicious little steak sandwiches.”
“Available? I’m not a hooker. I’m not for sale, or rent.” Dean shoots back, unable to hide his rising temper. “Your buddy, Zachariah, ain’t got no right to make promises like that.”
“I’m not mad,” Dean repeats. “You warned me about Crowley and you were right. He was a creep.”
“The beach house?” Sam parrots. “The one you bought with Cas and Meg?”
“Fuck,” Benny curses.
“She wanted to help,” Cas says, meeting Dean’s irate gaze head on now. “You know her, she wanted to find that bastard as much as anyone, and she’s not easy to say no to.”
“And cut! Jesus Christ, what a pile of crap. I’m calling an early lunch, people!”
“Sam,” Dean snaps. “I don’t need therapy. I’m fine.”
Dean’s never been comfortable in large groups of people, especially large groups of people he doesn’t know well, but over the years he’s become adept at faking it. A couple of drinks helps soothe the worst of his anxiety. Watching Cas drop seamlessly into conversation with Benny’s friends helps too.
Announcing that she has to go to the lady’s room, she drops a kiss to the corner of Benny’s mouth, trails her fingers across Dean’s cheek, and ruffles his hair on her way past. Benny licks his lips and stares blatantly at her ass as she walks away.
“Oh,” the alpha looks slightly crestfallen at that.
It might be his imagination but it’s at this point Dean thinks he sees the gleam of an idea enter Cas’ head. The tiny smirk that turns up at the corner of his lips is unsettling enough to make Dean blink.
“Goddamn Adler. Who the hell does he think he is, arranging this without running it by me? He knows it’s against all my rules.”
Dean is so very tempted to stick his tongue out at Sam that he feels like he’s been hit in the back of the head with a four by four plank of deja-vu. It’s kind of nice to fall back into the childhood feelings of affectionate brotherly teasing. Or it would be if that didn’t place Cas in the role of his dad. Which... no, thank you. Dean settles on scowling at the pair of them instead. “I don’t see why I can't—”
“That’s not my concern, Mr. Winchester,” Max says. “Your safety is.”
“Bullshit,” Dean growls. “I spent nearly a year fixing this place up. My blood, sweat, and tears are in the fucking brickwork.”
“Did you think Dean’s name would help you land roles?” Sam asks. “Or that this scandal would make you famous?”
He’s not sure what signals he’s sending out, what Cain is picking up from his scent, but the alpha’s eyes darken and he watches intently when Dean licks his lips.
“I’m only big and fat where it counts,” Cas boasts, in a very unCas like manner before squirting a blob of lotion, inexplicably
On the other hand, he really could care less about the daily hate he receives from bigoted assholes. He’s not going to waste a second of his time caring about any idiot feeling butthurt over the fact he’s in love with a dude. Life’s too short for that shit.
Four guys in a relationship isn’t anywhere on the spectrum of normal, and no matter what Ellen says, normal is expected. Normal is safe.
Gazing up at his attacker from the floor is like the worst of his nightmares being realized. An awful mix of real life and movie horror. The very real fear and pain of his time spent with Alastair woven into the emotions he dragged to the surface as Jason Todd, dying at the hands of The Joker. That grotesque face laughing as the life seeped from his beaten body.
It doesn’t take long before Charlie is seduced away from Dean’s side by Gilda with Dorothy trailing determinedly after them. It must be nice, Dean surprises himself by thinking, to know that someone wants you. Charlie certainly isn’t short on confidence as she beckons Dorothy to join them, laughing and enjoying the attention of both alphas.
Although, Dean has to admit to himself, perhaps if he had a body as toned as Cas’, hips that were cut as sharp, and abs that were quite as lickable, maybe he’d want to show off too.
“Leaving,” Dean retorts, sharp as a knife, spinning around to face the alpha. She’s undeniably beautiful. Tall, taller than Dean, waves of fire-red hair, scarlet lips, and dangerous eyes. “And I ain’t no bitch, lady so back the fuck off.”
Dean grabs his towel and pats the sweat from his face, and his throat, and the back of his neck. His tee-shirt is clinging to his chest, his shorts are sticking to his thighs, and his balls… well, the less said about ball sweat the better. “Yeah, I’m being careful,” he says. “Know I’m not as young as I used to be.”
“Oh god, yeah, just like that.”
To be fair, that one genuinely was an accident. Not that Cas would believe him. “Maybe if you’d put your dirty dishes in the dishwasher rather than piling them up like a game of jenga, it wouldn’t have gotten smashed.”
Dean’s spine stiffens. That jab hit a sensitive nerve. It’s probably just as well Gordon waves off his comment before Dean can bite back. “Sorry, man, I’m just joking with you.”
“You say whatever you want. Tell her you’re mad. Tell her you’re upset. But don’t shut her out, okay?”
“But I guess I can understand why,” he finishes.
“You like me in leather, baby?” Dean smirks.
Later, Dean will blame it on the Valium and scotch but honestly, it’s more his dick that’s at fault.
“Hey, fag…”
“Yes, Sam,” Dean says into the telephone, rubbing his forehead. “I’m not saying it again.” He’s already had to repeat himself twice.
“You ended up in the ER, Dean,” Sam says quietly. “No kid deserves that.”
“Of course,” Dean mutters, glowering at her.
“Zachariah Adler,” the guy says, giving Ash a dark look before extending his hand to Dean. “And you must be Dean Winchester, the guest of honor. I’m so pleased you finally accepted our invitation to the Den. We were beginning to worry you’d need a little persuasion.”
“Good, Sam, thank you. We’re missing Jo, of course, but she’s having a blast in Europe.”
Dean didn’t ask to be born an omega. Given a choice in the matter, without a doubt, he’d have chosen to be “normal” like the other 95% of the population. Even being born an alpha wouldn’t have sucked quite so much. Alphas were still pretty rare, but they outnumbered omegas by nearly two to one. Plus, there wasn’t the same stigma attached to alphas. Especially male alphas. The stereotypical alpha was tough. Not to be messed with. Powerful muscles and big dicks. Omegas, on the other hand, were supposedly just pretty little dainty things who needed babies to make their life complete. Which… total bullshit as far as Dean is concerned.
“What about the rules?” Dean says, staring around him and wondering how many other people Bela has screwed.
“Sorry,” Sam says, sympathy at the edge of his smile. “I know you’d love to get your geek on.”
Dean sips at the cocktail in his hand. It’s not half bad.
Cas sobers back up immediately. Dean’s flirty boyfriend disappearing behind his professional composure as though he’s the one slipping on a mask. Dean grabs his leather gloves and pulls them on while Cas and Sam discuss their schedule like it’s a battle plan. Dean wants to tell them to loosen up, but truthfully, he’s glad they’re both so cautious. As much as he wants to dive head first into the madness of comic-com, nerves are starting to coil in his stomach.
Dean isn’t listening though. He’s leaving.
“Don’t worry about it. I’m pretty sure this thing is a man-eater. I’ve spent more than one afternoon stuck in these cushions with a book. Not that I’m complaining.”
“That would be super convenient, huh? If I just disappeared? Left you and Meg to pretend the past twenty years never happened.”
“No,” Dean replies immediately, he can assure them of that without any hesitation. “No, I don’t. Do you?”
Sam paces to the door, stands in front of it, mulishly blocking the way. “You still have ten minutes, Dean. We have time to talk,”
“You know wearing a baseball hat and aviators make you look like a douchebag, right?”
Dean and Cas exchange equally stunned looks. “You bet on us getting together?”
“Nope.” Dean shakes his head. “But nothing. Get your ass over here, good lookin’.”
“Oh, Uriel,” the woman giggles. “You are so funny. Isn’t he, dear?”
“I, unlike you, Dean Winchester, do not brood.”
“Maybe you should have let Dad in on that little fact,” Dean spits.
“What’s wrong, Dean?” Crowley asks. Dean would say his tone is teasing but that’s too kind for the smug pull at the corner of his lips. “Is this not your scene? I thought you’d visited a club or two in your time.”
“Hey,” Benny interjects swiftly. “Why don’t we just call it misguided?”
Dean suspects he knows the answer.
Dean staggers backwards, holding his jaw and looking at Cas in shock.
Dean’s fight or flight response seems to be malfunctioning, because all he seems capable of doing is lying there on the bathroom floor struggling to breathe.
It turns out not to be the worst decision he ever made.
Sweat is already gathering under Dean’s shirt collar. He hates wearing a monkey suit, but Zachariah had insisted Dean make an effort. Dean plays with his tie some more and avoids the question in Ellen’s voice. He doesn’t want to meet any more alphas. But he also doesn’t want Adler causing Ellen any trouble which he heavily implied he could. And would.
That startles a laugh out of Dean, and a reluctant smile. He nods at Ellen. “Okay, lady, you win. As long as you don’t expect me to turn into some sweet submissive omega, I’ll do what I’m told.”
“It’s not that complicated, Dean. Our ex-wives are engaged to be married to each other.”
Cas laughs. “Trust me there is very little that is mature about either of us. I eat tater-tots for breakfast and Dean has a crush on Doctor Sexy.”
Thankfully they’ve reached Dean’s trailer, so Stuart isn’t subjected to any more brotherly bitching. He mentions something about ice and painkillers before he ambles off to grab lunch but Dean is too busy persuading his legs that the steps really aren’t that high to pay much attention.
Eventually, he works up the energy to limp up to his and Lisa’s bathroom where he downs a handful of Tylenol and some Pepto Bismol he finds in the cabinet. After peeing like a racehorse and splashing cold water on his face he feels not quite human, but not quite so much like he’s dying either. A hot shower would probably help his back muscles but coffee seems like a far more urgent matter.
Dean doesn’t mean to sneer, but he just can’t stop himself.
Usually Dean would attempt to lighten the mood, but his patience and energy are stretched thin. It’s taking all his restraint not to go full on Brando, step into the Red Hood’s shoes and punch the director in his oily face.
“Over my dead body,” Dean shoots back, already scrolling through his phone for the contact details of the pizza place they normally use.
Uriel nods calmly. “Of course, you’re right. And I know Ellen Harvelle runs her Den in strict adherence to the rules. Rules such as the omegas in her care dating only well-vetted alphas who are registered on her books and not any of whom are in a pre-existing relationship. Strict rules such as alphas in her employment not being allowed to fraternize with the omegas outside of a professional capacity.”
“Of course, you are,” Sam rolls his eyes. “That explains how you ended up fondling each other underneath a motorcycle that you managed to crash despite it being stationary.”
“Did your Mom call you?” Dean asks, closing the refrigerator door, and deciding to rake through the grocery bags for the bottle of Jack he bought.
He’s paging through a book named very imaginatively, “A History of Omega Rights in America” when his date strides into the room.
Lisa hangs up abruptly leaving Dean staring angrily at his phone. Did Lisa just cut him off to go bang Meg? Sonofabitch!
Not when Cas is over there on that sun lounger looking hot as sin in just a tiny pair of swim shorts. The rare sight of his tattoos on full display under the light of the sun does weird things to Dean’s belly. Not in an ‘I shouldn’t have eaten that last burrito’ kind of way but in a ‘holy fuck I can’t believe anyone this hot could love me’ kind of way. It suddenly seems ridiculous that they’re both lying out in the sun half naked and they aren’t touching.
“I’m not finished,” Sam scowls at him, forehead scrunching up like a damn accordion. “I still think you were an ass to Mom.”
“Sorry,” Dean says, fingers tangling with Cas’s as he attempts to find a reassuring smile amongst his arsenal. “Long day. I shouldn’t take it out on you two.”
“I just... I don’t want...” Dean stutters, aware he’s a few words away from Charlie wailing on him. And very aware that Cas and Sam are avidly watching. His shoulders slump under her fiery glare. “I... thank you.”
Dean closes his eyes so he can better ignore Sam’s worried expression. He knows this is fucked up. And he knows if —and let’s be honest, with his inability to lie to his boyfriend, that
Dean can’t even be mad at her. She’s been one of the few bright spots in this whole hellish experience. Charlie has been a resident at Fairdale for four months already and she had immediately adopted Dean when he’d turned up for his first meal in the dining room wearing a Batman tee-shirt. She’d spent the entire meal lecturing Dean on all the ways Batman was a poor excuse for a Superhero before going on to divulge all the information Garth and Ellen had neglected to mention. Such as the fact, the food in the dining hall is always to die for, but the pies especially are absolute heaven.
The thought of Michael touching Dean, touching him where he didn’t want him to, sends Dean into a panic. He yanks away from Michael, moving as far away from his as he could in the tiny, tiny room that only seems to be shrinking by the second.
“Beg.”
“Are you serious?” Dean asks. Cas slaps him, and Dean gasps.
Alastair brings his face closer to Dean’s, and he backs up until he can’t anymore, blocked by the couch. Panic starts to set in, blacking out the edge of his vision until he feels Alastair pressing the pastry box into his hands.
Cas trails off, reaching towards Dean’s pants again but pulling down his sweatpants this time. A slow, wicked smile lights up Cas’s beautiful face when he takes in his hard, pulsing cock, already beading precome.
some cas pov next chapter, i think. more rules, and a much needed conversation about dean's aversion to submission.
“You’re going to be spending most of the day with me,” Castiel says. “I have several meetings, and you’re going to be keeping my cock warm for most of that time. You’ll get breaks, though, as long as you’re good.”
, but Dean has someone taking care of him now.
“I didn’t,” Castiel says. “Sam, I would never. Your brother- he means more to me than anyone else ever has, but I was too much of a coward to believe it. Everyone knew it. He had to know it.”
"Tell that to the 36 different people in your life who reported you to the Program, Dean," Castiel says, shooting him a glance. "And to your body, and how much calmer you were after just a spanking. And your hormonal levels, your grades, and your virtually non-existent social life. You would have been in the program sooner, but they didn't have a Dominant at a high enough level that would suit your needs. You are a level 10 submissive, Dean. The most submissive of subs, less than 1% of people in the world. You keep ignoring your needs, you're going to end up dead. Does that sound like 'just fine' to you?"
Using his collar, Cas puts him down on his knees in front of his chair. "Think about it."
He nods, so Castiel reaches out into the drawer and pulls it out, buckling it onto Dean’s neck. Dean sighs contentedly, nuzzling into Castiel, mindless of the bruises all over his body.
"And you bought
“Sir?” Dean asks tentatively.
Cas's brow furrows. "...No. I just assumed-"
“My shift finished an hour ago.”
Castiel slaps him again, and Dean fights the urge to punch him in the face.
Dean enters, but hangs around near the door. He pulls at the ropes still securing his arms behind his back, eyes darting back toward the door.
“What was that?” Cas asks casually, like he isn’t fingering Dean.
That catches Castiel’s attention. “What?”
“Try again.”
Cas straps him, over and over again, with Dean’s own belt. A fucking nerdy professor isn’t supposed to be this strong, but after a while, Dean can’t help crying out with every stroke. Cas is relentless, though.
Dean nods, dazed.
Releasing him, Castiel passes him a small packet of paperwork. A finger in the ring of his collar, Castiel guides Dean up from his knees to sit on a chair next to Castiel at the desk.
Slowly, Castiel moves his finger in and out of Dean’s hole, pushing up against his prostate and reveling in the sub’s beautiful desperate moans.
"And while you're still mine, and I'm yours," Cas says, his voice wavering. "I don't own you. You aren't a possession, you're my boyfriend. And eventually husband, if I have any say in it."
Castiel takes away that option when he tugs on the ring of the collar, forcing Dean’s face closer to his.
“Dean,” Castiel says, his voice firm. “Look at me, please, sweet boy.”
"Okay. Uh, Sir.”
The cage snaps on with a click, a note of finality in it.
“Oh,” Dean says, wracking his brain to try and figure out if he was supposed to have any appointments today. Castiel rarely ever sends people to their - his - house. “Uh, how did you get in here? What are you doing?"
Sam shifts uncomfortably in his seat. ""He isn't here."
“Every time you look away from yourself in the mirror, that’s a day in the cage,” he says, right before he swallows down Dean's entire cock.
“How many, boy?” Dean’s brain finally kicks back on, and he wracks his brain, distracted by the sound of his Master’s belt buckle. Cas adds up all of Dean's misbehavior throughout the day and punishes him at the end of the day, but Dean's having a hard time thinking beyond Master's lips and hands and eyes.
Yeah, Dean thinks. I’m screwed.
“I don’t-“ Dean gasps. “I don’t know.”
“We aren’t using labels yet, Miss.” Cas’s voice floats from somewhere over her shoulder, and Dean completely misses their conversation, happiness bubbling in his chest, and all of a sudden Cas is inside of his office, closing the door behind him.
"Why?" he asks.
“Well?” Castiel says, his voice a hard edge.
“Good,” Sir whispers, hand carding through his head. “Come on. Let’s talk."
"You're excused from school for the next week, and if I decide you need more time, they're legally obligated to provide it," Castiel says, wiping the corner of Dean's mouth with a napkin. "During this time, I'll be training you in proper submission, part of which is how to recognize poor dominance. Yes, you must submit for your own health, but you also have to find someone who knows how to properly Dominate and will provide you with what you need, not just take advantage of you and call it BDSM. Understood?"
"You don't touch without permission, boy," Cas says, unknotting his tie and wrapping it around Dean's wrists, looping it through the headboard.
God, they really have to talk about labels.
Out of nowhere, Cas shoves something inside of Dean’s mouth, and he chokes as the silicone pushes all the way into his throat.
Waking up sucks.
Desperately, he tries to look up, face him as much as he can with how tight Cas has tied him up. With the last shred of mercy he has left, in his dark, twisted soul, Cas moves over, reaches out and threads his hand back through Dean’s hair, the smallest, gentle tug. Dean leans into his touch, turning his head as best he can to nuzzle Cas’s hand.
"It's a good thing you're so little, boy," Castiel says, fondling the exposed portion of his cock in the special chastity cage. It leaves enough room for Castiel to still frustrate him, but there's not enough room for a hand so Castiel can tease and Dean can't touch. Most importantly, he can't come. "If you weren't, I couldn't do this."
I should be scared of him, Dean thinks. He's dangerous.
“Really?” Cas says, his voice some mockery of surprise. “Because I seem to recall a certain naughty boy having an extremely rough morning, refusing to eat breakfast, and swearing at me just now.”
When he steps away, Dean tries desperately to look over his shoulder for him, fear bubbling in his chest at the thought of being alone. Whining, he pulls again, but Cas is back in seconds.
He hadn’t meant to spout off to Dean, to call him his, to tell him about Sam.
Swallowing heavily, Dean’s eyes roam over the many pairs of panties in his underwear drawer, eventually choosing a flimsy, lacey thong that had proven to be one of Castiel’s favorite. Dean wanted to laugh at how pathetic he felt. Even choosing his panties in an attempt to please the man.
Shifting forward on his knees, Dean finds the zipper on Castiel’s fly with some difficulty, gently tugging it down with his teeth, wincing when it gets caught. Slightly panicked, Dean eyes the steadily growing bulge in his Master’s pants, unsure how to get it out without his hands.
Cas stares at him, the intensity in his eyes making Dean want to go on his knees and stay there, let Cas guide him and hold him and heal him.
The thought hurts more than any of Michael’s beatings.
Dean already recoils, because he hates when Cas whores him out to other people. Cas is mean, and uses Dean constantly, but some of his friends are cruel and whip him just to see him bleed, beat him just to hear it scream. He cries so prettily, Cas had said, the last time. I know you’ll love him.
"Quite honestly, Alastair and Michael had their hands all over you and it's driving me insane," Castiel says, pulling Dean onto his lap, kissing him again. "But we shouldn't, not until you're healed. We have to talk about it first."
Patience.
Dean starts to protest again, but Cas has made his way around the desk and pulls Dean up by the tie, kissing him deeply. Dean lets out a groan, hands coming up to Cas’s face but Cas takes them and holds them behind his back. He shoves some stuff on Dean’s desk aside, and then sits his down on it.
“Daddy said no,” Cas says seriously, and disappointment fills Dean's chest. “Homework. Be good for me, and we’ll play after.”
“I’ll deal with it,” Castiel says, hanging up. Master rubs his face, looking altogether too wound up for Dean’s liking.
Reaching down to his collar, Castiel hauls Dean up, turning him around and undoing the knot on the ropes around Dean’s wrists.
whew, okay. this has become an entire story in my head, and it's summer, so i decided to write it. stay tuned for our two favorite boys figuring out how to have feelings...
"We're going to your house," Castiel says easily. "Your parents have both been informed of your admittance to the Program, but because you're 18, you're going to be staying with me at my house during your training period, during which I'll be helping you develop healthy habits in terms of your submission and retraining your brain to accept it."
Cas walks over to Dean's side of the bed, pulling Dean's book out of his hands and tossing it carelessly to the side.
Dean swallows.
“Dean,” Castiel says, carefully threading some Dom into his voice. “Would you like to talk about it?”
“You feeling the effects of that pie yet, whore?”
He feels it before he sees it.
Cas raises an eyebrow.
Dean just
“Look at that,” Castiel whispers, grabbing for the lube without taking his eyes off of the boy in front of him. “So needy.”
After they had grown closer and more comfortable with each other in the Dominant/submissive dynamic, Cas’s order and control extended into their daily life after countless conversations Dean didn’t want to have. He trusted Castiel. Always has, and he knows that he wouldn’t ever truly harm him. He couldn’t.
"Oh, Dean," Castiel says. "I'd love that."
Dean looks up indignantly. “Yes.”
There’s more yelling, and then a gunshot. Dragging Dean closer to the door, Michael shoves Alastair outside with a crude “Deal with it!” before locking the door and throwing Dean onto the bed.
After a while, Dean has no shame left, crying out every time Cas slows down.
“Five.”
A soft smile lights up Cas’s face. “Well, you’re meeting with Master’s friend in about half an hour, so I wanted to give you some time to come back to yourself before then.”
"Yeah. You look like you might have caught it, though. Still have that headache?"
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, opening his eyes and pulling on the chains to see how much give Cas has given him today, quickly realizing it was maybe a millimeter. And that’s generous. His shoulders already scream in pain from where they’re tightly bound behind his back, chains wrapped all the way down his arms. His torso was locked to Cas’s favorite breeding bench, and his legs chained down to the lower steps.
“Or,” Dean says, pulling once again. “I can just get loose and go to the bathroom by my own damn self, thank you very much.”
"Okay, you friggin' nerd," Dean says, pulling himself to sit up. "I have no idea what you even said."
“Gabriel, what the fuck are you talking about?”
Dean knew that the first time would feel good. Maybe the second time, and if he’s lucky, the third. But then he wouldn’t be able to get through any more without the burning overstimulation, and then it would just plain hurt. For hours.
“Don’t worry, pet,” he says. “I’ll keep your needy little cock in check.”
“Assistant, like… household stuff? Or like, answering calls and all that shit?”
"Wait, wait," he says, panicking. "Please, don't- I'm not ready, Sir,
He loves their play. He’s an Alpha, and he loves the careful control the omega allows him, and he would never want to change the way their dynamic works, but he wishes Dean knew that he would never disappoint Castiel. He couldn’t,
“No, Dean,” Cas says. “Be home by seven."
"Daddy," he pants. "Feels so good, Imma come-"
He jumps, following the voice down into where Cas is in the kitchen, jacket off, tie loosened, sleeves rolled up to his elbows and Dean can’t breathe.
“Rules,” Cas says. “You do not touch. This is mine.”
“Open,” Cas says, giving him some more waffle. There are times like these, with the teasing words and the soft feelings between the two of them where Castiel can trick himself into thinking this is real. Whatever he and Dean has, it’s by choice, not because Dean’s brother’s life is on the line here. What Castiel hasn’t told Dean is that even if Dean did screw up, Castiel wouldn’t kill Sam. In fact, he’s grown to like the boy. But he couldn’t imagine the pain his beautiful boy would be in, and after hearing him speak of Sam, Castiel couldn’t. He reaches out to cup Dean’s face, run a thumb along his adam’s apple, smiling softly at the thought of his boy missing him.
“You don’t tell Daddy to stop,” Cas says, finally pulling away once it's gone completely down. Shaking with tears, Dean is so numb he barely registers that he’s putting the cage on until he can see it in the mirror. Dean shakes his head weakly, but it's pretty clear Cas is doing what he wants. Untying his legs, he pulls him up and out of the chair, bending him over the bed instead. Kicking them apart, Dean lays there on his stomach, hands still bound, head turned to the side.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Cas says. “You’re going to be the star of the party, pup. The main attraction.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey!" Dean protests, sitting up.
His puppy is too sweet, too beautiful.
Castiel’s head snaps up. “What?”
"I swear, if you try to pull a chick flick moment on me, I will kick your ass," Dean warns. "Healing or not."
Technically, Castiel is a little overqualified for his position. He got his PhD in Dynamic and Sexual Psychology when he was 21, and the Program and a lot of other Dom/sub private institutions have invited him to teach other Doms and Dynamic/Sexual Psych classes, but Castiel politely declined every offer he’s received.
Reaching out, Castiel pulls Dean closer by the collar, forcing eye contact with the boy and forcing his focus to shift from the panic. Instead, Dean focuses to him.
"No," Cas says, almost vehemently. "Dean, I would never, I didn't, I swear."
Scrambling to get up, Dean moves closer to his bed, reaching under it.
," Dean gasps, doing his best to push his hips into Castiel's mouth despite the straps holding his body down. Castiel spanks his thigh, still sucking but the message clear enough.
"Dean!"
"It's a bit much, isn't it?" Castiel muses as he pulls Dean's suitcase out of the trunk. "No matter. It serves its purpose."
The words do nothing but piss Dean off further, and he struggles more, even as Cas pulls him into a large playroom. It's like something out of a movie. Huge, way larger than a typical bedroom, the walls lined with so many different things it shocks him enough to where he stops fighting for a few seconds, long enough for Castiel to strap him down to a bench, the restraints tight enough where he can't fight.
“What have you eaten today, Dean?”
"The requirements of a sub to attend to program require a minimum of 10 people to report you for unhealthy behaviors and an inability to care for yourself."
“Have a good day, sweet boy,” he says, kissing him one more time before going off to work.
“Which one?” Cas asks, moving his fingers to rub slowly against his prostate, sending sparks through him and it feels so good, and he wants more, more of Cas. But then he pulls his fingers out and spanks him, and Dean jumps, his need-addled brain scrambling to come up with a response.
"Do I get to keep my phone?" he asks waveringly, fear edging into his voice. "And, uh, my books and stuff?"
His tongue curls softly around them, forced to taste himself and the evidence of his desperation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Get off-”
“Oh, sweet boy,” Cas breathes out so quietly Dean isn’t even 100% sure he was meant to hear it. “You’re so beautiful.”
i hope you enjoy.
“Because I- I’m not allowed to,” he says. “Cas, please-“
"Are you..." Castiel cuts himself off. "Are you sure, Dean? I- I won't be gentle. I'm too rough. With the people I'm attracted to, and you're so beautiful, I-"
“I didn’t.”
Determinedly, Dean picks up a pen and checks the box for sexual intimacy off before Castiel can say another word. Covering his hand before he can initial next to it, Castiel locks eyes with him.
"You got lucky this time, slut," he says, and then pushes on the wall and disappears into a passage he didn't even know existed, two seconds before the door splinters and it's Castiel. His Castiel, guns blazing and Dean hates himself for whining, for trying to move toward the man.
“No. No problem, Master.”
While Dr. Castiel Novak is always beautiful, hot, attractive, all of the good things, Dr. Castiel Novak in his Dominant element was a sight to behold.
“And what, boy,” he growls. “Gives you the right to talk to me like that?”
When Dean protests with a loud whine, Cas doesn’t even spare him a glance before reaching out and slapping him. Dean cuts off his whine, stunned. Cas slaps him again, and he does his best to lean away from Cas, mumbling apologies through the gag as best he could.
And Michael is possibly the worst person Dean’s ever met.
“Yes,” Dean says, confused.
“For what? It’s Saturday, dude. Saturdays are for sleeping in.”
Retreating into his office, he shuts the door behind him with a sigh, shrugging his jacket off and running through the things he had to do before leaving. Cas says leave at 7, but he might not be able to swing that today.
Rolling over, Dean’s eyes fly open when he realizes.
Dean is still tied to the chair, chest heaving, and he can’t move even an inch, stuck watching Cas crack a cold pack to ice his cock down. Cas turns around, holding it, and Dean struggles. Hetries to get away from it, but then Cas has his hand on his stomach and pushes the pack onto his cock.
“Quiet,” he says, and Dean groans in relief when he finally lets go.
Dean reaches out for the box, but Alastair pulls it back, leaving Dean reeling with confusion.
“Your boyfriend is here to see you.”
"Respect, Dean," Castiel warns. "I let it go once before, I won't anymore."
“I’m not sure there is a label for the guy who fucks you regularly, but that you’re in love with and is obviously in love with you, but neither of you are able to acknowledge that.”
“No way in fucking hell am I doing that,” Dean protests, pulling at the chains again. “Let me the fuck up, man, don’t-“ he cuts himself off when a moan threatens to escape, tilting his head down into the bench.
“Of course, my love,” he says. “Let’s go home."
Dean’s eyes widen when Cas pulls an ice pack out of fucking nowhere.
So Dean ignores it, and the sick feeling of dread coming along with it.
“No, I don’t think so,” he says, pulling Dean up and off of the stools and into their room. Cas, ever conscious, turns all of the lights off before they go into the bedroom. “I think you need more tonight. Undress.”
Reaching out, Cas runs the backside of his knuckle down Dean’s cock, and even the small touch causes him to cry out.
“God, Cas-“
Mary shakes her head, turning the stove off. "It's almost done. Just gotta keep it warm til Dad and Sam come home."
“Sir!” Dean gasps, batting at Cas’s hand. “Sir! I meant yes, Sir.”
Dean whines, nodding his head furiously, pushing his hips forward to rub against Cas’s thigh. The stupid cage cuts off any of the pleasure he could have gotten. But then Cas kisses him, and he almost forgets.
More than anything, though, he hates how much he’s grown to want the man, and love and need him, and how hungry he is for his praise and soft touches. Sure, he’ll start out with enough resolve to talk back and snark him, but it never lasts. He hates how he always ends up exactly where Cas wants him. Crying. Begging. Pleading for more. Cas’s hand snaps back, pulling Dean’s head back as far as it’ll go.
He won’t get out of bed until at least 9:00, and will sometimes be able to coax Dean back into bed for some… Dean refuses to call it cuddling, but that’s what it is.
wow, okay. two updates in one day? tpg must be bored, lol. sadly, this is just plot, but there's a whole bunch of smut next chapter, promise.
“Making trouble so early in the morning, boy?” Cas asks, leaning on the doorframe. Dean’s eyes fly up to Cas, an annoyed huff leaving his mouth.
Cas pulls it out of him.
Cas sighs. He'll find the words to explain it to Dean, some day. Picking at the stew, he holds a carrot up to his boy's lips.
"I can't do this," he blurts out, slamming the papers down on the table. "I don't- I know there's legal shit, or whatever, but I can't do this. This is- It's too much, Dr. Novak. I'm not going to do it. It's stupid."
“You look beautiful,” he says. “Hurry up, we’re going to be late.”
Bringing Dean back up after a hard scene was one of Cas’s favorite things to do. It’s the most affectionate Dean ever is, so receptive to the constant, soft touches and kind words that Castiel loves to give him.
Actually, in that case…
“No, I didn’t,” Castiel says, desperately. “What- did Dean say that?”
Dean’s distaste only grows. Who prefers the green apples to the red ones?
Alastair had wanted his hands on Dean since the second he saw him, and Alastair saw his opportunity.
But that's okay.
“Of course,” Cas says. “Was that so hard?”
“Yes, Sir,” Dean mutters, rolling his eyes.
"You don't hide from me, sweet boy," Cas says. "Eyes on me."
When there's finally a moment of relief, Dean tries to calm his breathing, which had only steadily sped up throughout the spanking. Dean had never been spanked before, and it was so extremely humiliating.
“Whatever,” Dean mumbles, looking back down to his computer.
The sight of a pillow underneath his Master’s desk sparks some relief in Dean, because he knows these are going to be some long, uncomfortable hours.
Almost a year later, and Dean was still with him. Not like he had much of a choice. Cas made sure of that. He’s managed to fool himself into fake reality, where what he’s doing with Dean is just sex and nothing more. He’s convinced himself that he isn’t at all emotionally attached to the man. Dean’s just like every other whore he’s called on to get his rocks off, throwing a couple thousand at him or her once they were done and never thinking about them ever again.
Alastair is about to say something when there’s a huge crash from outside of the room, and people shouting.
“Assistant, like… household stuff? Or like, answering calls and all that shit?”
"It's okay, Dean," Castiel says, hand speeding up again. "You have permission, sweetheart. You may come."
"Cas," he mumbles, struggling again to get away from Michael. "Cas."
When Dean thinks about what’s happening between them right now, about how Cas so carefully controlled him and wrenched his soul open, leaving him so vulnerable and exposed, it’s terrifying.
“Master,” he spits out. “May I get out of bed to use the restroom, please?”
“Okay, love,” he says, kissing his forehead. “Sleep now. We’ll talk tomorrow."
“Please, Daddy,” he begs. “Please touch me, I can’t- I need it.”
Cas never put the cage back on.
Cas reaches out and slaps him, surprise causing Dean to lose his grip on his wrists. Wincing, he scrambles back up onto his knees, watching wide eyed as Cas gets down onto one knee and reaches for his balls a second before pain causes his entire brain to implode.
“Good,” Cas says, unscrewing the sound and releasing Dean to stumble to the bathroom. “Back here straight after.”
“I think you’re long overdue, sweetheart,” Cas says, and Dean feels a tie wrap around his wrists. “Try again.”
After feeding him a few more bites, Dean is much more relaxed, kneeling with less tension, chin resting on his master’s knee.
Dean's eyes widen, and he feels fear coursing through his veins.
“Dean,” Castiel says seriously. “Even if I were to take your collar off, and you were no longer mine, I want you to know that you have my word I won’t harm your brother. I don’t want you to panic every time I take it off to clean it, okay?”
"Try and run from me now," he says, directly into Dean's ear and he wants to throw up.
When Dean jerks to awareness, the first thing he’s aware of is a dull pain in his hole, and then the pull of the chains wrapped around his wrists. Then it’s the frustration he feels at the muted pleasure from the fucking machine and the squeeze of his ever present cage on his cock. Well. Not his, anymore. The dreams fade away, and he’s thrown back into the reality of his new life. Under the thumb of one of the most feared lords of organized crime in the entirety of New York City.
“Okay,” Cas says. “Deal.”
“It’s 3:13.”
“Do you remember Alastair?” Castiel asks. “You had a meeting with him about a month ago.”
"Yikes," Dean said. "That bug still going around?"
“It’s nothing bad,” he reassures quickly when Dean tenses up. “I suppose I’m nervous. That you may be… offended. Or say no, or… I don’t suppose this is making any sense.”
Dean’s file in itself was enough to draw heavy concern. A level 10 submissive should have been enrolled in intensive Sub Ed, should have hired a career dominant to take him down minimum once a week. Level 10s typically need 24/7, daily scening, but he should have hit true subspace at least once a week.
“I will be, Master.”
“Cas, no,” Dean says desperately, realizing what he’s about to do. “Cas, please-“
So he begged.
“Alpha,” Dean says quietly. “May I use the bathroom, please?”
Michael was infuriated, and barely looked Alastair’s way, and he couldn’t have that. So he decided to take matters into his own hands. Shake things up a little. And then Castiel would be angry, and angry people do stupid things.
Dean has a lot of questions, and he isn’t 100% sure if there’s time to ask any of them. Castiel keeps his hand on the small of Dean’s back, walking him out to the car.
“That’s the point, boy,” Cas says mildly from where he’s leaning on the wall, watching Dean finish getting ready.
“Sir, I think you’re gonna want to hear this.”
Castiel expected Gabriel to get upset. Lecture him about priorities, about how he needed to let Dean go and do his job. But he just nodded.
“Hello?”
Alpha was more affected than he was letting on, if his own scent was anything to go by. The heady Alpha arousal did nothing but make it worse for Dean.
“I don’t want to,” Dean says, trying to pull out of Cas’s grip. “I don’t- I don’t have to tell you anything."
Seeing Dean in person only increased Castiel’s concern. There was no life in his eyes, a sadness to them. Dean was so incredibly insistent on building up a wall between himself and Castiel, hesitant to trust him and completely averse to any kind of submission.
It saddens Cas.
“No.”
“But,” Cas says. fingers trailing down his face to hold Dean’s chin. “After I fuck you, I’ll let you up, give you a bath. And you’ll sleep with me every night this week."
“Yes, you fucking asshole,” Sam says.
“Please,” Dean says, his voice breaking. “Please, Daddy, please.”
"Dean."
Castiel pisses him off, frankly, with how quick he can switch up between the hot and cold. Sometimes he’s calling Dean his sweet boy, with soft touches and gentle kisses. But other times, the bad times, he’s practically ignoring him. Dean’s just a toy, one that Castiel has no use for right now, and Dean doubts that he ever cared at all.
“You won’t like the consequences,” he says. “Don’t test me.”
The unease in Dean’s stomach exponentially multiplies, and he stands up to throw the pie away, hoping that Alastair will leave. Go back to the office or something. Maybe if Dean calls Castiel to let him know one of his employees was slacking.
," Dean says. "Look, I don't know why you torture yourself with subs who suck at being subs, but I don't need any of this shit, okay? Just- Leave me alone. I don't need any of this. I'm going home now."
i am gonna say that i think that if any of you guys ever have those issues, with depression and anxiety etc, 100% of what you're feeling is valid, and you're super not alone in this world, and it does get better. i struggled some, and i feel like i can say this because i don't have any irl friends here - but i've decided that i and whoever is reading this are now automatically besties - but it does get better. i'm feeling better than i have in a while. don't be afraid to reach out to people, because i couldn't have done it alone.
A knock sounds on the door, and Castiel looks up. Benny leans in, haggard and looking like he had gotten just as little sleep as Cas has.
"Stop," Dean gasps, pulling as best he can at the restraints, unsure if the words are even discernible through the gag. "Stop, I can't- You can't do this, please,
Dean opens his mouth for more food, and feels his fear start to bubble.
And Cas? It frustrates him, but he would never push Dean. Not like that.
Pulling Dean up, Cas reaches around him and ties his hands behind his back, looping the soft tie around him. Cas peels the rest of his clothes off and Dean takes a second to take in Cas's beautiful body. Scarred up and muscled and perfect.
The words are terrible, and everything becomes too much. Dean doesn't know what he wants to Castiel to do, but he can feel the edges of panic trying to claw its way into him again, the endless turmoil inside of him boiling. Castiel speaks again, and Dean latches on to his low, steady, firm voice.
Cas’s hand comes off of the cage just to slap Dean across the face, and he gasps.
“Well, yeah,” Dean says sheepishly. “But like I said, I’m fine, Cas. I go down enough to keep my head on straight every few months. I… Uh, the people who reported me were probably just worried cause I had a crazy week. High school sucks.”
Sam hums. It’s not an encouraging sound. “I don’t know, Dean. That could be complicated. I mean, Lisa can’t just hand that over to you. Not unless Meg and Cas agree. You think they’d agree?”
Now that the thought has occurred to him though, the thought of Cas out there on his own so close to that murdering sonofabitch, has entered his head, Dean needs answers. “Who knew what you were doing? Who’s the ‘we’ in all of this? Did Alfie know? Hester?” Dean would feel slightly mollified if Cas’s team at least knew what was going on.
“I’m sorry, the next time I find you in my living room lying in a pool of liquor, I’ll just pretend you aren’t there,” Cas, the condescending prick, says, before stalking out of the room without a backward glance.
Admittedly, he can see why Sam thinks he made a mistake signing up for this movie. But he has to work, goddamnit, he can’t just sit on his ass feeling sorry for himself. And honestly, it’s easier to throw himself into playing a character like the Red Hood than deal with his own issues.
That’s not quite how the studio is selling it. “Um... it’s a Batman movie?”
After the mistake he made trusting Crowley, Dean spends the morning thinking long and hard about his options. Ellen isn’t going to chuck him out of the Den, she made that perfectly clear. She wants him to stay. Dean just isn’t so sure that sticking around will do him any good. He doesn’t fit in. Ellen and Garth haven’t introduced him to a single alpha that he could ever see himself settling for. None that have appealed to him in the way they’re supposed to. The only alphas whose scents have been attractive to Dean are unavailable.
Cas turns around, grinning when Dean’s eyes stray to his dick... which impressively hasn’t minded the cold from the refrigerator one tiny bit. Dean turns his attention to the ceiling. There’s still a scorch mark there from when Cas tried to make popcorn.
Dean sighs, head falling forward onto Cas’s shoulder. Kid brothers, man. Do they ever stop cockblocking?
Knowing Cas’s tells, the stutter of his hips, the way his teeth bite into his bottom lip, Dean wraps his hand around his own cock and jerks himself to completion. His spunk splashing white hot across Cas’s belly and his hole tightening around Cas’s dick, which is probably what sets him off in the end.
“You’re having breakfast?” Cas quirks an eyebrow. “That’s a minor miracle these days. Just how long have you been awake for?”
That silences Dean. For approximately five seconds.
Cas pouts over his coffee. “I always have very important paperwork. But it can wait. It’s waited this long after all.”
“You’re beautiful, Dean,” Alastair says. “Too pretty to be real. That’s it kiddo, pull on that little dick, get it all hard for me.”
“Um,” Cas says. “Perhaps we should call for an ambulance.”
For the first time since the start of this stupid out of control argument, Cas doesn’t have a snappy retort.
“Dean, you’re already running late,” he complains, glancing at his watch for at least the third time in the last minute.
So, instead of explaining why he’s going out with Uriel again, he lies, straight to her face, and says he wants to give the alpha one more shot.
“Peachy,” Dean repeats, stubbornly, squinting in an effort to ease the pain in his head.
And, while usually that wouldn’t be a bad thing, right now Dean is on the cusp of his first heat.
Sam is at least apologetic. “Dean’s schedule is pretty full on. The reshoots kind of screwed up our plans. I mean, I guess I can see how much it would cost to back out of—”
There’s a skirmish at the bottom of the bed, the alphas racing to discard their clothes as quickly as possible. Cain retains his dignity only slightly better than the other two who almost topple over each other in their rush. Dean would be amused if he wasn’t dizzy with need.
Instead of yelling back, defending himself, Zachariah backs down straight away. It makes Dean wonder who exactly Cas is. If he has some special power to scare off douchenozzles. Not one to beat around the bush, he asks Cas a few minutes later when Zachariah has bleated some excuse and beat a retreat.
Benny must see something change in his face because he backs off, just a step, but enough room for Dean to take a breath, get his racing heart under control.
Ellen pats his arm. “Sweetie, trust me, with Garth as your facilitator, resistance is futile.”
Thankfully, by the time Cas wakes up and comes searching for him, Dean has graduated to coffee. It’s still early, just after 5am, but Dean has to be at the studio lot for seven so there’s no point in attempting to catch more sleep.
“Hmph,” Missouri repeats. “I know you’re lying to me, boy. I just have no idea why you think that’s a good idea.”
“Being paid to do?” Dean bristles. “Rich coming from the guy who just ruined a take, everyone’s time,
“Well, yeah, I guess, you could call us that,” Benny says. “What we have is kind of unusual these days. But it works for us. We fit together, the three of us. But you, Dean, we don’t want you to be our pet. That’s insane, brother. You’re more than equal to all of us. You… you’d… oh fuck this is gonna sound as corny as hell.”
“No?” Sam raises an eyebrow. “You sure about that?”
Dean juggles his cellphone with one hand, almost dropping the groceries he’s carrying before he manages to set them on the table. He doubts that Lisa has had a chance to talk to Ben yet, so he presumes this is just a “hey, I’m still alive” call.
“I like to think so.”
Cas glares at him. “Maybe not, but cracking your head against the edge of the table on the way down certainly did the job.”
Dean only allows Cas to stand up long enough to strip out of the ridiculous speedo that is straining so hard under Cas’s dick that Dean’s momentarily afraid Cas is going to injure himself taking them off.
Cas turns to walk away. Dean should feel happy. He just feels sick.
“I’m sorry. This is my first time at the whole dating thing,” Dean admits. “I’m not sure how it’s supposed to go.”
Thankfully Cas ignores him completely and concentrates very hard on taking Dean apart on his fingers instead. Sun Lotion might not be a recommended lube but Dean has no complaints. Until with no warning Cas stops, and removes his fingers from where they’re buried inside Dean’s ass, working the kind of magic that makes Dean want to write odes to his sexual prowess.
“Hey, listen, Charlie,” Dean says, suddenly realizing how not fun this must be for someone who isn’t being paid to be stuck by his side. “You don’t have to hang around with me all day. Why don’t you go have a walk around?”
Dean hadn’t given much thought to the alphas’ living arrangements. It turns out they live in a cottage just beyond the edge of the Den’s grounds. The outside of the place is pretty, with honeysuckle growing up the stone walls, the inside neat and clean, if a little old-fashioned. The house smells like heaven to Dean, with the alphas’ scent hanging heavy in the air.
Dean rubs his hand across his face. He knows all this. He just doesn’t know exactly what he’s supposed to do about it. He’s never been a relationship guy; this shit doesn’t come naturally to him. It’s not like he can just flip a switch and suddenly want to become the perfect submissive omega.
He’d never had any grand plans for what he would do when Ben left home. He’d assumed he’d still be with Lisa. He just figured things would go on as normal.
Crowley leans forward, elbows on his knees and a slightly terrifying glint in his eyes. “And the ending. We obviously need to reshoot the ending.”
“Tuvan throat singing,” Cas replies.
“Well, he can’t be that bad if he passed all the security checks, can he?” Dean points out. “That’s the point of doing all this matchmaking bullcrap, isn’t it? So, us poor ole defenseless omegas aren’t whisked off by some cunning alpha?” Dean moves his leg before Charlie can kick him again.
“No,” she says, handing him the rest of her packet of tissues. “Seriously. I mean there’s obviously the whole scientific schtick about how we evolved and why we’re different. But I think it’s all about balance. And love, obviously.”
“Hey, hold on,” the obnoxious alpha says, arms flailing in an attempt to grab Dean’s wrist. The only thing he succeeds in doing is splashing whisky all over the both of them.
“Okay,” Dean calls after him, letting the air out of the balloon with a squeal. “I’ll tidy up after myself don’t worry.”
Hell no, Dean isn’t going near a hospital. Not for a few scratches and a tiny bump on the head.
When Dean starts blowing up another balloon Cas backs out of the room, his face managing to look both pale and flushed at the same time. “I’ll be in my studio,” he snarls, in the same tone of voice he would use to suggest that Dean should go kill himself.
Cas’s jaw is set to stubborn but when Dean turns on every lash-fluttering, pouty-lipped charm he possesses, he relents with a barely concealed huff. “Fine. But security is sticking by your side all day.”
“Nah,” Dean says, swallowing hard as his stomach turns over. “I just… just need to sit for a minute.”
“... Fine...” he spoke softly.  He bit the inside of his bottom lip and held back tears from welling up in his eyes, trying to stay strong.  He couldn’t let dean take him like this.  He stood up and collected his things, his laptop and his notebook, shoving them into his backpack.  “I’ll be your “bitch” happy?”  He looked at him and threw his backpack over his shoulder.  He grabbed a piece of paper on the table and wrote down his number, pushing the piece of paper into deans chest.  “There’s my number.  I’m all yours.”  He tried walking past him to leave the small room.
Castiel watched deans expression as he spoke, waiting for him to explain his life.  He listened to him talk about his life, seeing it was fairly normal.  His mother died, which he was remorseful about, but he didn’t stay on the topic, not wanting to upset dean.  He heard him finish and he frowned a little, sighing.  “Alright.”  He said softly.  “Just... will you tell me when you’re ready to?”  He asked softly.  He knew that wasn’t all.  He could tell, as someone who kept secrets from important people, he could see there was something dean wasn’t telling him.  “Don’t worry, I get it.  I keep secrets too,” He smiled slightly.  “So you don’t have to tell me.  But you also can’t tell me that there’s nothing else.”  He said softly.  “Trust me, I know how to keep secrets.”
Dean listened to what Cas said and smirked, then raising a brow when he was told to shut up, though he knew Cas wasn’t actually being mean about it, so he obviously didn’t get upset by it. He then smiled softly at the rest of what Cas said, thinking it was sweet. No one had talked about him like that before. Ever. No one ever took the time to really try to get to know Dean, so hearing all these good things Cas was saying about him really made Deans heart flutter. “Oh so you’re the type who won’t stop talking when you’re high.” He said at first as a joke, a playful smile on his face. “I’m kidding. As weird as it feels to say, I kinda like you too, Cas. There’s just something about you.. I don’t know.” He admitted, figuring he may as well go for it and get it out there
Dean quickly cooled down the cookie and chewed it up, swallowing it down. “I know, but I-“ he started, then listening to what Cas said next. He shook his head a few times, taking the glass of water Cas handed to him. “You’re a real asshole, you know that?” He said, taking a sip of the water. He then set the cup of water down and grinned a bit, “but so am I, so I guess it works out.” He said, grabbing the other half of the cookie that he’d already taken a bite out of and eating it
Castiel looked up and saw him stand to put on his boxers, sighing deeply and swallowing heavily.  He was gonna do it.  He felt like he might throw up, but he was still going to do it.  “Have… have you ever been in a relationship?”  He asked softly, grabbing a cookie to help calm his nerves.  He looked at dean nervously, bouncing his leg up and down as he waited for deans response.  He was absolutely terrified about what he’d say, but he really needed to know.  “And not a relationship like this, like a friends with benefits, but an actual relationship.”  He clarified, feeling his hands start to shake, making him quickly take another bite of the cookie.
Castiel gestured for him to come closer, handing him the correct measuring cups and gesturing to the flour.  “Scoop up some flour, then push off the excess with this butter knife, then pour it into the bowl.”  He handed him the butter knife.  He stood back and waited to see if dean could figure it out, giving him a reassuring smile.
Castiel could see how much dean loved his little brother, nodding softly and smiling a little bit.  “That’s awesome.  I don’t have any siblings, but I do have a little cousin, Anna.  I think she’s 6, she’ll turn seven in about 4 months.”  He smiled a little bit as he thought about her.  He sighed and adjusted himself in his seat, leaning back a little.  “I’d love to meet him.  Maybe this Saturday we should do something, I know the county fair is here.  Maybe I could invite Anna.”  He smiled and shrugged a little bit.
He shrugged and looked out the front window.  “You’re the one who said “scratch that.” Unless you /really/ want ice cream?”  He raised an eyebrow at him.  He looked around the front of the car and noticed the flat space that the seat provided.  So... why the hell did he think about how there was enough room for dean to fuck him here?
“Alright...” he sighed once dean suggested ice cream, following close behind him.  Castiel walked out of his house, locking the door behind him before getting into deans car and shutting the door.  He leaned back on the seat and sighed, looking around the interior of the car.  “You have a nice car.  What year is it?”  He knew it was old, he just wasn’t sure how old.  He also didn’t want to think about how he was just leaving home with Dean Winchester, supposedly going to get ice cream.
Dean wasn’t surprised that Cas had never had a boyfriend. He just didn’t seem like the type to have. He listened to the rest of what he said, thinking about it. “You’re allowed to say what you want, you know. I’m not one of your parents, I’m not gonna yell at you for saying you want a boyfriend.” He chuckled softly. “Relationships are cool.. but if you’re not with the right person you’ll just get fucked over.” He said, starting to think out loud too. “You have to know someone, but you usually don’t until after you start dating, so either it’ll go really cold or really bad.” He said, it honestly being what he thought. Cas was really the only person  Dean was decently open with, but Cas still didn’t /know/ him. If he heard about everything Dean had been through he’d probably run off, not wanting to be around him. That’s what Dean thought everyone would do to him if they knew the truth
Castiel narrowed his eyes and sighed deeply.  He grabbed deans chin and turned his head to face him, looking into his eyes.  “Don’t try to pull that bullshit with me, Dean Winchester.  If we’re just here to fuck, why the hell would I ask you to stay over for the weekend?  Why would you have brought me up here, or said you would beat someone up for me?”  He glared.  “So, that “we’re just here to fuck” Is bullshit.”  He sighed and let his shoulders fall.  “I get it.  There’s secrets you don’t want others to know because you’re afraid of letting yourself become vulnerable.”  His tone suddenly became softer.  “And that’s fine, you don’t need to share it with me, not now anyway.”  He sighed.  “But don’t try that “we’re just here to fuck” bull shit on me.  Understood?”  He stared at him and grabbed his chin again when he didn’t respond after a few moments.  “I said, understood?”  He growled softly.
Dean listened, taking a moment to process what Cas had actually asked him. The offered sounded great, honestly. He could hangout with Cas in a huge house, fuck as much as they wanted, /and/ he wouldn’t have to worry about John. The only downside was that he wouldn’t be able to check on Sam. “So like a week long sleepover?” He hummed with a soft chuckle. “Sure, why not.” He said back. He felt okay with Cas, and being simply okay was better than he usually felt, so he wanted to stay feeling that way, even if it was only for a little while
Castiel scoffed softly, shaking his head.  “Yeah, well being “the smart type” comes from being homeschooled most of your life and never being let out of the house.  So, I made myself busy with baking, cooking, studying, and reading books.  I have a tv, but my parents never liked video games.  They mostly let me have a tv so I could watch educational documentaries, but, once they got promoted, they were gone about 2 and a half weeks every month.”  He sighed.  “Now it’s about three weeks every month, but I don’t really care.”  He shrugged.  “I’ve been taking care of myself since I was 10.”  He didn’t mean to ramble, but he usually never got to complain about his parents to anyone.  He looked at the cookies dean was making and smiled.  “They look good.”  He said to him.
Dean groaned when he felt Castiel’s nails in his back, loving the sting of it. He was getting closer and closer by the second, his pace turning to a more erratic one as he watched Cas hit his climax, wanting to do the same. It didn’t take long, and soon he came inside of Cas, moaning deeply and rolling his hips lazily through his orgasm. He took a second to breath before he pulled out, sitting back against the seat
Dean pulled out of Cas’s mouth once he was done, letting him collect himself. “Not terrible, but you definitely have to work on it.” He commented as he grabbed a near by rag to clean himself off quickly, tossing it away once he was done. He put himself away and tugged his pants back up, fixing his belt. “Try deep thrusting a popsicle, that should help for next time.” He said, patting Cas’s shoulder before leaving the closet and walking off to wherever it was that he needed to go
Dean chuckled, “then we’re gonna have a new conversation. About who you think you are taking to me like that.” He said with a growl. “I gotta hand it to ya, you’ve got some balls, especially knowing what happened last year. But I’m not the one you want to test your luck with. I don’t care what happened last year, I’ll make this year for you a living hell.” He threatened, though he couldn’t help but be intrigued by the boys attitude
Dean slowly opened his eyes, for a split second not realizing where he was, though his memory soon came back to him. He nodded softly to Cas, still being half asleep and just complying to whatever he was saying. He yawned and stood up, following Cas to his room and honestly looking like the most innocent thing ever in his half sleep state
Castiel snorted softly and shook his head, taking a slice himself.  “No, that’s not what I meant.”  He laughed.  “I mean cooking.  Cake, bread, cookies, that type of thing.”  He said softly.  “I can assume you’ve gotten baked before, but that’s not what I was asking.”  He smiled, thinking dean was adorable.
Castiel smiled a little bit, shaking his head slightly and sighing to himself.  What he wanted now was to sit on the couch, watch a movie and cuddle.  But he wasn’t sure if dean wanted that.  He swallowed and shifted his feet.  “You wanna watch something while we get high?”  He smirked, grabbing a plate and putting the warm cookies onto it and walking to his living room.
Dean was already hard, though he didn’t take off his boxers yet, knowing he’d have to prep Cas at least a little bit. He took a condom out of his pocket and set it on the table for when they’d need it and then looked back down to Cas. He reached forward, pushing two fingers into Cas’s mouth, “suck.” He told him, staring down at the boy with a devilish look on his face as he reached down with his other hand to stroke Cas teasingly
Dean rolled his eyes, a playful expression still on his face though. “I did, but that’s just to fix your small comfort zone issue. Once you get over that and you feel like fucking whenever, then I won’t have to.. say those things. But I know you like to, so why stay mad at me? We could do this as much as we want, and it’s not as much fun if you’re angry the whole time.”
ahem, friends with benefits.
Dean smirked when he heard Cas’s moan, “oh so you like that, huh?” He teased, going right back to what he was doing. He circled his tongue around Cas’s hole, teasing his entrance for what was to come. As much as Dean did think about himself, he also loved hearing the moans of the person he was with. After a little while he pushed his tongue past Cas’s entrance and started pushing it in and out of him quickly
“Have you ever had sex with someone in your car?”  He said suddenly and out of nowhere, not really paying attention to the oddness of the question.
Castiel needed to remember to breath as he felt dean push in and out of him.  He swallowed heavily and gasped as dean sped up, holding onto him as he felt him slide in and out, feeling every inch of him move inside of him.  It felt amazing, it felt better then anything he could’ve imagine.  Not only that, but he was high as fuck, which helped a lot with the pain vs. pleasure.  He hissed softly as he felt deans fingers in his skin, knowing he was leaving bruises on his pale skin.  “Y...you too...” he moaned out.  He could feel his climax rising, the pressure in his gut building up.  He came only after about 5 minutes of moving and letting out sounds of pleasure, bucking his hips up and cumming over their chests with a loud groan.
His heart beat only increased as dean pushed down his pants and showed himself off.  He shivered and resisted rolling his eyes at the statement.  Favor?  Favor for what?  Who the hell wants a favor like this?  The thing he was most scared about was actually that he had no idea what the hell he was doing.  He swallowed heavily and his chest herd his mouth, forcing it open wider when he realized how nervous he was.  The only real thought going through his head was: “don’t bite down, don’t bite down, don’t bite down.”
Castiel was panting softly, his hand against his heart as he caught his breath after dean pulled out.  He yawned and sighed to himself, looking at dean lazily.  “What’s your stance on cuddling?”  He mumbled, closing his eyes for a moment to relax.  He was exhausted, and now, since he was in a very different mind set, he wanted to cuddle.
Dean rolled his eyes jokingly, “you’re not so bright either then. Thinking the cookie smell would cover it up.. that’s kinda dumb.” He joked back to Cas. “Us hanging out, doing what we’re doing.” Dean said back, answering Castiel’s question. He knew he felt more towards Cas already than he did with other people he’d had flings with for months. He wasn’t sure what it was though, yet, so he couldn’t call them more than just friends
Dean looked over, not being affected as much yet since he had a higher tolerance than Cas did. “Me too when I’ve had enough.” He chuckled. He then smirked, “if you’re feeling it already I wouldn’t mind starting round one for tonight.” He said, looking Cas up and down for a moment and biting his lip
Castiel watched dean crawl in between his legs, kissing him back as deep as he could as dean pulled his shirt off.  Castiel moved his hands onto his back and sliding them down his back.  He pushed his hands up his shirt, bunching up and fabric and pulling it off of him.  He moaned softly against his lips and lifted his hips, helping dean pull off his pants.  He felt the hickeys on his neck, sighing against his lips. He helped remove his clothes, pressing his fingers into deans back to hold his chest close to his own.  He moaned into the kiss again, trying to grind against him.  He wanted this so much, he needed it.  He could only imagine how good it would feel now that he really wanted this.
“Oh.” Dean said, chuckling softly at himself and shaking his head. “Yeah, I did a few times when I was little, I haven’t in a while though.” He said, finally answering Castiel’s question correctly. The last time he baked was with his mom when she was still alive. It was a nice memory, one he often liked to think about if he needed a pick me up, though if he thought about it for too long, he’d get upset. “Why?” He then asked curiously, looking to Cas from his plate
Dean let out a soft moan at the feeling of Cas’s nails in his skin, loving it. He got his own pants and boxers off quickly, not wanting to waste too much more time. Once Cas got his shirt off he did the same to him, pulling off the last of his clothing so they were both naked. He leaned down and kissed Cas hungrily, stroking himself a few times before lining himself up with Cas’s entrance and pushing it into him. He knew Cas wouldn’t need prep since they’d done it earlier, but he was still surprised by how tight he was. He let out a quiet groan when he bottomed out, soon after starting to move his hips in and out of him
away when the timer went off.  He grabbed an oven mitt and checked on the cookies, deciding that they were done.  He pulled them out and sat them onto the stove to cool, taking off the oven mitt and turning off the oven.  “Great.  Now my house smells like weed.”  He laughed to himself.
Castiel nodded softly, eating another bite of his pizza.  He looked at him and sighed, shrugging a little.  “Um... I dunno, I’ve been craving cookies for a while.”  He must’ve seemed like such a dork.  He wanted to bake cookies?  Dean probably just wanted to do something kinky, which he’d be fine with, but he wanted to spend time with him.  At least a little bit…
Castiel did as he was told, sucking on his fingers and shivering.  He felt dean touch him as a tease, making him moan softly around his fingers, swallowing and trying to continue.  He was terrified still, and there was no way he’d be able to stay calm or relax during any of this.  He did his best to not bite down on his fingers, forcing his mouth to stay open.  “H-uck.”  He tried to say fuck, but the fingers in his mouth made it rather difficult to speak.
Castiel listened to dean walk around and behind him, hearing him kneel down and suddenly laying his hands onto his ass, making him flinch.  He tried to look back, furrowed his eyebrows.  “What are you-“ he suddenly felt a tongue around his hole and his words turned into a loud gasp then to a moan.  He pushed his face into the couch cushion, trying to quiet himself as he felt the strange but wonderful feeling around him, digging his nails and fingers into the back of the couch.
Dean laughed at Cas’s comparison, “what? You don’t want me to do your hair and put little butterfly clips in it?” He joked back. What Cas said sounded awesome, though. Spending most of his times it’s Cas, smoking and fucking sounded like a dream come true. “We’re gonna fuck til I can’t feel my dick anymore and you can’t walk.” He chuckled, still being a little high and just letting his thoughts pour from his mouth. “Bet you got a lotta places in that big ass house where we could fuck.”
Dean raised a brow at first in reaction to Cas’s comment, but he couldn’t help but he intrigued by him. He smiled and laughed softly, “what’s up with you? You just got the best fuck of your life so far and you’re already being an asshole again.” He said, though he truly didn’t sound angry. He pulled up his boxers and pants, getting himself put back together
Right?
Castiel smiled when dean said he’d love to, nodding softly.  “Great.  Don’t worry about cash, I can pay.”  He said softly, standing up and beginning to clean the kitchen up a little bit.  “I just text my parents and tell them I need cash, and then my bank account fills up.”  He sighed.  “It’s great, but sometimes it can be a little frustrating or suspicious, since they don’t ask why it what I’m doing with it.”  He sighed.  He didn’t really have a right to complain, he got money whenever he wanted, which was great.  But it sucked a little to never be asked how he was or if he was okay.
Dean went on with his day, feeling a little bit better but not entirely. Nothing could really make him feel better, he always seemed to be a little angry at everything. Later that day, after school, Dean found himself getting restless, not wanting to go home to his dad. He was just driving around town, but then got an idea. He texted Cas,
Castiel couldn’t help but glance at dean when he sat down next to him, staring at him for a moment before looking away.  “Why do you care?”  He asked him.  “I’m your bitch.  Not your boyfriend.”  He felt his heart skip a beat when he said boyfriend.  He’d always wanted a boyfriend, someone bigger then him preferably, to protect him and care for him, hold him at night when he was sad and to cuddle with on days he felt down.  That’s what he wanted.  But dean was not that.
Castiel smiled and laughed softly, finding it sweet that Dean called his car a “she” and named it baby.  “Well, she’s a very pretty car.”  He added, looking out the window and watching the scenery pass by.  He wasn’t allowed to leave the house that often, so he didn’t really know the neighborhood, despite being born and raised here his entire life.  He was silent for a few moments before turning his head towards dean to face him.  “So, where are we going?”  He asked softly, raising an eyebrow.
Dean moaned deeply when he felt Cas’s nails on his back, loving the light sting of it. He stayed at a slower pace for a little while, allowing Cas to get used to the feeling again before starting to speed up. He held Cas’s hip with one hand, making it easier for him to thrust into him deeper and faster. “Fuck..” he breathed, “you feel fucking good..” he said, his finger tips slowly starting to press into Cas’s skin enough to leave bruises
Unfortunately, none of Deans friends were in the class, so he couldn’t fill them in on his plans with the new, but not really so new, kid. He wanted to figure the kid out, find out why he thought he could talk to him that way
Castiel nodded slightly, sighing a little once he was done coughing.  “Yeah, fine.  Just smoking weed, I’m doing great.”  He gave him a passive aggressive smile, sighing a little and wiping the tears away.  He looked at him when he handed it out to him again, frowning slightly before sighing deeply and taking it from him once again.  He took a deep breath in before taking another drag from it, coughing again, but keeping his mouth closed and coughing a lot less then the first time.  He handed it back to dean, suddenly feeling himself relax.  He sat against the hood of the car, slowly becoming light headed.  He tried focusing on something, but he could barely think, it was like a fog was in his head instead of his brain, slowly seeping out as he sighed.  Was he high?  He smiled slightly to himself, enjoying the thought of being high for the first time in spite of his parents.
Castiel could tell Dean was going to go slower at first, then to build up.  He knew dean was going to take his time, since they weren’t in school anymore.  He gripped the couch tighter and held himself there, giving dean control of his hips and legs.  He could barely move any parts below his waist without moaning or crying out.  He could feel the same pressure as before build up inside his lower stomach, and he could feel it getting bigger and bigger, making it harder for him to suppress his moans.
Dean smirked but then moaned lowly at the feeling, enjoying himself more than he had in a while. “Cum for me, baby, come on.” He encouraged with a husky whisper by Cas’s ear, knowing he had to be close if he was too. He thrusted even faster, chasing his orgasm as quickly as he could
Dean smirked, moving one of his hands over Cas’s mouth to quiet him. “Seems like you wanna get caught.. want the whole school to know who’s fucking you?” He breathed, snapping his hips forward particularly harshly once, trying to get to Cas’s prostate. He knew they couldn’t go for much longer, so he was trying to get off as quickly as he could
Castiel could feel butterflies erupt throughout his stomach as dean stared at him.  He swallowed heavily and hummed into the kiss, letting out small sounds as dean touched him through his pants.  He pushed his crotch up into deans hand, putting his arms around his neck and pulling him closer, going deeper into the kiss.  He didn’t want to think about the other people dean probably hooks up with regularly.  For now, he was going to pretend that he was deans, and dean was his.
Castiel sighed and looked down, trying to think if this was a bad idea or not.  “Um... do... do you wanna stay over for the week?”  He asked quietly.  “You don’t have to, I get it if you can’t, or if you don’t want to.  I just... just thought I’d ask.”  He swallowed heavily and nervously played with his hands, his heartbeat ringing in his ears.  He was nervous about deans reaction, what if he was disgusted and hated him now?  But he might say yes, right?  Jesus, he was terrified of What dean was going to say.
Castiel looked over at him in suspicion, raising an eyebrow.  “I guess...” he said softly.  “But I already lost my virginity to a man, so it’s not like I can do much more to rebel against them.”  He shrugged a little bit.  He rolled his eyes.  “Yeah, okay.  So what’s your idea?”  He raised his eyebrows and tried to guess what he might be planning.
Castiel smiled to himself as dean pulled him closer on his own, closing his eyes and yawning deeply, slowly beginning to fall asleep.  He was finally calm and happy to be where he was, sleeping in deans arms.  He was sure he liked dean enough to want to be with him, but he still wasn’t completely sure.
Dean tossed the condom into the trash can and pulled up his boxers and jeans, fixing his belt as Cas started to speak. He grinned when Cas thanked him, though furrowed his brows at what the boy said next. “Oh c’mon, baby blue, I didn’t make you mad, did I?” He said in a teasing tone. “Those sounds you were making didn’t sound very angry to me.” He smirked. When Cas snapped at him, though, his attitude turned into a more serious and threatening one. “Who the fuck do you think you’re talking to, huh? I own this school, and everyone in it, which includes you. So unless you want me to make your like even worse than it already is, I’d watch how the fuck you talk to me.” He hissed. He then smirked. “I’ve got an idea, Wanna hear it? Good. I’ll go easy on you, won’t bother you too much. Or tell the whole school, and your precious little parents, that you’re a twink. All you gotta do is... be my bitch.” Dean said simply. “Just hangout whenever I ask you to, be ready to fuck.. That’s all.  Not such a bad deal. I’d consider it, if I were you.” Dean said lowly, willing to do almost anything to keep his reputation and not let some nobody new kid talk down to him.
Dean shrugged, “well.. you’ve got balls then.” He said, an amused look on his face. “Good luck out there.” He chuckled softly, knowing that kids would probably give the boy a hard time still
Dean was already getting annoyed, being in a bad mood before not doing him any good. “What’re you waiting for?” He said, his tone almost sour. “Guess you’ve never done this before I could help.” He grumbled under his breath. He reached forward and tangled his fingers in Cas’s hair, lightly pulling his head forward. “Just suck and don’t use your teeth.” He told him
Castiel watched him with disdain, staring at him with a frown.  He saw him blow the smoke towards him, making him turn his head away and cough roughly, his eyes welling up with tears.  He looked back at him and sighed, glancing at the joint in his hand.  He thought about his words and looked down, realizing that he was pretty much right.  He sighed deeply in defeat and took the joint from him, pausing before hesitantly taking a much shorter drag before pulling it away and coughing like he was about to hack up a lung.  Tears were in his eyes as he wiped them away, trying to catch his breath again.  “Fuck...” he said softly, coughing a little more before handing the joint back to dean.  He’s heard about getting high, and he knows that some people love it, so he figured he might as well try it.  He had sex with a guy, why not smoke too?
Dean was only able to get his jeans down so far, but he couldn’t wait, so when he felt Cas push up against him, he immediately started grinding down against him, needing some kind of friction. He kissed Cas deeply the entire time, needing his whole body to be occupied. After a little while he pulled back just enough to get his boxers down, not caring that they were bunched up by his ankles. He pushed Cas’s legs up so they were wrapped around his waist, making it easier for him to get deeper inside of him. He lined himself up with Cas’s entrance and slid in deeply, having no trouble since Cas was already loose from earlier. He groaned by Cas’s ear, starting to move his hips
Castiel sighed slightly.  “Eh.  I don’t care enough to try and scare people.”  He said softly.  He looked up and stared at the wall, quickly looking back at dean.  “You were checking me out?”  He raised an eyebrow, not believing his words.  Castiel suddenly paused and sighed a little.  “I shouldn’t be surprised, considering you followed me and sexually assaulted me in the school library.”  He smirked to himself.  He didn’t really care about how they first hooked up, but he did like to tease dean.  It was probably high up on his list of things he loved to do.
Castiel sighed and nodded in agreement.  He was right.  He looked up at him and laughed quietly.  “Sometimes you’ll get fucked over in the bad way, and sometimes you’ll get fucked over in a good way.”  He smirked, imagining dean fucking him against a counter.  That sounded wonderful.  He sighed and leaned back against the couch, biting the inside of his bottom lip.  He rubbed his face and tried to say it quietly enough so dean wouldn’t be able to decipher it.  “I really like you...” he whispered under his breath, half hoping he heard him and half hoping he didn’t.
Dean listened and then thought for a moment, his memory coming back to him. “Oh, right, you’re the homeschooled kid.” He said back casually. “You chose to come back here? After what happened?”
Dean smiled softly when Cas returned, and even more when he put his head on his shoulder. He put one of his arms around him, keeping him close. He liked being like this with Cas, it made him happy while they were both calm. Dean felt like he could relax around Cas, and that was one of the things he really wanted, to just be able to relax around someone. He didn’t know what they were either, but he was honestly fine with that. For now at least. He was just enjoying Cas’s company.
Castiel smiled and nodded, suddenly getting an idea they’d both like.  “How about some weed cookies?”  He grinned and finished his slice of pizza, waiting for deans response.  He loved to bake and cook ever since he was little, since he wasn’t allowed to leave the house or go anywhere, he busied himself in the kitchen instead of making all the frozen food that his parents bought him.
Dean raised a brow, “kill yourself? They really did brainwash you.” He chuckled, shaking his head and taking another hit. He blew the smoke out towards Cas, wanting him to realize that it wouldn’t kill him. “You know it won’t hurt you, right? All it’ll do is make you feel good.” He told him. “Just try it. Nothing bad is Gonna happen. You’re just letting your parents win by thinking it’ll kill you.” He said, offering it to Cas once again
Dean gave a quick look around and then walked into the living room, “this couch seems fine then.” He said, patting the arm rest that was on it. “Get on your knees and put your arms on the back of the couch. Oh and take your pants off.” He chuckled, pulling a condom out of his back pocket and setting it on the nearby coffee table
Dean smirked, getting down on his knees behind Cas. He put his hands on Cas’s ass and spread his ass before leaning forward and starting to rim him, having more time for this type of thing now that they weren’t at school. Dean enjoyed taking his time with these sort of things, especially since he could take more time to make whoever he was with make noises
“Well I’d offer to make some, but I don’t exactly know how. I’m more of a pie kinda guy.” Dean said with a soft chuckle. “The best I could probably do is throw some of those frozen cookies in the oven.” Baking was a thing Dean loved since he always remembered doing it with his mom, and he always remembered being happy while doing it. So he wasn’t opposed to baking, if that was what Cas wanted to do
Castiel rolled his eyes and dried his hands off, adjusting his backpack and walking past dean.  “Thanks, douche.”  He said under his breath, walking towards the exit of the bathroom.
Castiel looked at dean when he began walking towards him, looking up at him with a relaxed, almost tired expression.  He sighed slightly, but before he could respond to him dean pushed his lips against him.  Instead of pushing him away or resisting him, he waited a moment before wrapping his arms around deans neck, pushing his lips in deeper.  He took small breaths in between the kisses, humming quietly.
Dean listens and chuckled softly, “no, I haven’t. Wanna change that?” He smirked, walking over to Cas and resting his hands on his car on either side of Cas’s waist. “Cause hell, I’d love that.” He said, leaning forward and pressing his lips against Cas’s. Dean hadn’t really been thinking about anything, but now that Cas mentioned sex, he couldn’t help but already starting to get hard
Castiel watched dean and saw the focused expression on his face, smiling brightly.  He nodded approvingly, grabbing a small measuring spoon and some baking soda.  “Good job.”  He said softly.  “Now, add this,” he handed him the two things.  “Scoop, scrape, pour.”
Dean chuckled, “well yeah.. but doesn’t mean we have to hate each other, right?” He said with an almost hopeful smile. “Did someone say something? You know, as much of an asshole as you think I am, I’m not. I don’t want you to be miserable, so who was it? I’ll beat someone up if I have to.” He said casually. Was he afraid to beat anyone up? Hell no. But would he normally do this for a fling? No. He couldn’t help but want to keep Cas around, and to do that he’d need to make sure Cas was feeling okay. So if he needed to find someone and beat them up for Cas, he figured he’d do it. He didn’t know why, but defending the boy just seemed right to him
Castiel ignored deans statement and bit down on the fabric of the couch, forcing himself to stay quiet.  He didn’t want to give dean the satisfaction of knowing he was making him feel good.  He clawed and the back of the couch,  curling his fingers and pressing his face further into the couch cushion.  He arched his back and (unwillingly) tried pushing his ass back onto deans tongue as he fucked him with it.  He wanted more, holy shit he wanted more
Dean read the text and almost immediately.  he sent, honestly not caring if there were other people home at Cas’s house. He just wanted what he wanted, he wasn’t concerned with anyone else.  he then asked before her let Castiel even answer his first request
Dean smirked at the responses he got from Cas, always loving to see how he could make someone else feel. He Kissed Cas deeply for a moment, though he could already feel himself getting impatient, so he started trialing his lips down his neck, sucking dark marks into his skin. He then reached down with both hands to start pulling Cas’s pants down, eager to get going.
Dean looked back at the boy through the mirror, immediately knowing he’d seen him somewhere before, but not being able to place where. “Hey, you.” He said before the boy could leave. “Where have I seen you before?” He said, turning to face him. Not knowing felt like an itch that Dean needed to scratch. The boy seemed so familiar, but why?
Dean smirked and chuckled, “yeah, sometimes it’s the best thing ever.” He said back. He heard Cas mumble, but he couldn’t tell what he said at first. He thought about it for a second, soon realizing what he said. “Do you now?” He said back, looking at him. He wouldn’t admit it, but hearing that made his heart beat a little faster, butterflies filling his chest. “I wonder why..” He hummed out loud with a curious tone. He truly didn’t know why Cas would like him after everything, but it made him feel a little special
At first, Dean thought Cas was just going to tease him and say he didn’t want to fuck, but when he heard what he said, he couldn’t help but grin. As much as he’d never admitted, Dean loved being bossed around when it came to these type of things. He quickly followed Cas into the backseat, already unbuckling his own belt and sliding it off, dropping it into the front seat where it wouldn’t be in their way. He crawled between his legs and then propped his hands up on either side of Cas, leaning down and kissing him deeply. He then trailed his lips down Cas’s jaw and to his neck, sucking a couple of hickeys onto his collar bone. He then pulled Cas’s shirt off, kissing down his chest and making his way to the hem of his pants
Dean raised a brow, not used to anyone talking to him like that. No one ever dared. He didn’t feel like chasing the kid out of the bathroom, so right after the bell rang he walked out of the bathroom and to his first class. When he walked in, he immediately noticed the boy, seeing that they had the same first class. He smirked, taking his seat
Dean smiled at that, knowing Sam would love going to a fair since he’d never been to one. “That would be awesome, Sam would love it.” He said with a smile. As long as he was able to sneak Sam out of the house while John was drunk, there would be no problem going to the fair. And Dean wanted Sam to remember his childhood as going to the fair and doing fun things, not sneaking out and staying away from their dad
Castiel backed up in his chair, looking at dean cautiously and glancing away.  “What do you mean what happened last year?”  He raised an eyebrow.  He frowned and glared at him.  “My life is already a living hell.  I’d be surprised if you made it worse.”  He turned back to his notebook and laptop.  His parents were extremely religious, and he wasn’t exposed to the until he was 16, which is a horrible time to discover the world.  He also figured out that he was gay, and that made his life 100x worse.
Dean smiled when he felt Cas cuddle into him, enjoying being able to hold someone close. It was comforting to Dean to be able to comfort someone else since that’s that he lacked. He eventually started to fall asleep as well, leaning back on the couch and letting his eyes close. After a minute or two he fell asleep, being content next to Cas and having someone he actually likes next to him
Dean was surprised with the way Cas responded, having expected him to just leave him alone and not question him anymore. Despite what Cas was saying, Dean kind of liked the way he was talking. He sounded hot, and like he could run somebody around who was much bigger than him. He started listening again to what he was saying though, and he looked down rather than answer. When he felt Cas move his chin and growl, he just wanted to pounce. “Yeah, got it.” He said, not necessarily being intimidated by Cas, but rather letting his vulnerable side feel the smaller boys wrath. He let Cas’s words sink it rather than let his hard, ‘I don’t give a shit’ attitude, shell take all of it. He felt the need to speak up and say something stupid, anything to make himself seem like the bigger person out of the two of them and to make Cas leave him alone. But he knew that was just the guard he’d created for himself, so he held himself back, staying quiet instead
“Obviously?” Dean repeats.
He makes do instead with making instant coffee in his little kitchenette, and eating an apple rather than the pile of waffles or pancakes he usually wolfs down.
“Will you touch yourself for me, Dean?”
And okay, maybe he’d skipped classes on the few days they’d had school lessons about alpha/omega biology and history and anything vaguely related to it. School was enough of a shit show without his whole fucking class staring at him as they discussed the graphic details of how male omegas gave birth. Dean shuddered just to think about it.
Dean eats all Cas’ frozen tater tots.
“Uhuh,” Dean says, shoving his hands in his pockets. This dating thing is getting old fast. Dean doesn’t know how much more of it he can take.
slips a red bath towel in the laundry when Cas is washing his whites. Unfortunately, Cas seems genuinely thrilled with his pink tee-shirts.
Dean isn’t quite sure what the etiquette should be following the moment your wife informs you she’s divorcing you over dinner. It seems bizarre to go home together but that’s exactly what they do. As soon as they walk through the front door Dean strips out of his suit jacket, loosens his tie, grabs a bottle of whisky from the drinks cabinet, and heads into the den.
Benny takes his hand across the table and Dean’s laughter dies in his throat. Benny’s hand is huge and warm and fits perfectly around Dean’s. His expression is soft, his words are not. “I wanted to kill Abaddon last night. And her two friends. And everyone else in that club that was daring to look at you.“
He’s still confused, but more than a little turned on, when Cas eventually breaks away again.
“I don’t understand why you refuse to give her a chance,” Cas says.
“Hey, you back with me, cowboy?”
“Really?” Dean says doubtfully, turning to look at the alpha. “Like what?”
Dean turns around in his arms, kisses him, sweet and closed mouth in respect of morning breath, and the fear Cas might taste the whisky he had two hours ago, then he presses the coffee into Cas’s hand.
“I’m not…” is all Dean manages to grit out through his teeth before Ellen arrives, smoothly lifting the glass of water from Dean’s hand and slotting herself between him and Zachariah.
The drive back to the Den seems to take twice as long as it should.
“Well, now, it ain’t just that pretty ass I’m interested in.” Gunner licks his lips, his eyes blatantly focused on Dean’s mouth.
Sam’s expression, as Dean expected, thaws into something far too sympathetic for comfort. “Dean,” he starts to say. Dean holds his hand up and stops him in his tracks. He doesn’t want to hear it.
“I’m good,” Dean says.
Dean bites his tongue. He said he’d do this and he will. A few hours listening to Uriel’s sanctimonious bullcrap won’t kill him.
Cas is still sipping contentedly at his coffee when they make it to the studio lot. Arms brushing as they walk side by side. The caffeine must be working because when Crowley passes them in the opposite direction, a suggestive comment rolling off his tongue as easily as Good Morning, Cas successfully resists decapitating him.
Dean doesn’t want to hear it. All he wants to do right now is climb inside the Red Hood and do what he’s being paid to do.
“Sweet Jesus,” Ellen says, firmly closing the door behind them before Dean has a chance to reply. “I thought I was going to have to go fetch the fire hose to break you two up.”
“That’s what I wanted, Sam, and honestly if I’d known I would have to listen to this bullshit I’d never have come despite your whining.”
Pushing his chair back and away from Cas, Dean stands up. “I’m done, Cas.”
Being an annoying big brother, Dean would happily continue making-out with Cas just to make Sam squirm, but Cas, the spoilsport, isn’t fond of molesting him in front of Sam and takes a step back, straightening his tie and trying to smooth the creases from his shirt.
Dean shrugs his shoulders. To be honest, he’s already forgotten about Gordon. “Nothing I ain’t heard before.”
“Stop what, Sammy? You don’t think it’s weird that she turned up out of the blue like this? That after twenty-five years of radio silence she suddenly comes calling?”
He’s still asleep when the plane lands, and groggy as hell when the air steward shakes him awake, eyeing the drool escaping from his lips with distaste. Dean wipes his mouth on the shoulder of his flannel shirt, grabs his bag, and just about makes it off the plane with most of his dignity intact. Thankfully, he just has carry-on. He doesn’t think he’d be able to pick his suitcase out of a line-up right now. And, as he cares far too much about his Baby to leave her in an airport parking lot, he doesn’t have to worry about driving under the influence. All he has to do is jump in a cab.
Except, Cas is very definitely not a girl. He’s almost six feet of firm muscle with a five o’clock shadow that never quite fades, and he kisses like it’s his mission from God.
“He almost made me cry when he read me an excerpt from his latest book, Ellen. What was I supposed to do, just sit there and smile?”
“How long you been here for?”
“Listen, Sam, I’ve got to shoot. Give me a call when Lisa’s lawyers get their fingers out their asses and send you those documents. They look okay to me, but you’re the expert.”
“Hey, brother.”
Charlie looks a little too knowing. “I don’t think our Dean has had the pleasure yet.”
Dean’s never been a dating kind of guy, not since high school. So, this whole ordeal is nerve wracking. He has no idea what he’s supposed to talk about with a stranger.
“Brother,” Benny says, from beside him. “I don’t think…”
Dean tenses, prepared to punch the alpha in his face, if he so much as lays a finger on him. He doesn’t.
Dean feels like a kid being sent to his room, but he knows that Ellen has his best interests at heart, so he doesn’t put up any more of a fight.
“Dean! Sam! God, my boys.” This woman, Mary Winchester, their mother, stands up, hand jumping to her mouth.
It’s not until he pads past the living room that he realizes that Cas does indeed have a date, but he’s not out, he’s entertaining at home. On their sofa.
“I think that would be for the best,” Cas agrees.
“Then what is it?” Dean asks, confused. A dark thought creeps out of the shadows of his mind. “Is it... is it Alastair? Is he back? Has he hurt someone?” Someone Dean cares about. It’s what he’s been dreading. Alastair finally figuring out the way to get to Dean is through his loved ones.
“The ink isn’t even dry on my divorce yet. Forgive me if I’m reluctant to get back on that horse.”
Now that’s a surprise. “Seriously?” Dean stares at Cas. “After everything, you would want to talk to her?”
“Cas?” Dean says in surprise. “Nah, Cas wouldn’t hurt a fly.”
Unfortunately, Uriel decides now is the time to remember Dean exists. “If you leave now, Dean, you’re walking into a life of sin and depravity.” He warns. “Your relationship will never be accepted by the church.”
Cas is watching him warily from the other side of Dean’s desk. They’re in the study, a room Dean’s probably sat in less than a half a dozen times. When they finally arrived home, after the most awkward car journey ever, he led Cas here and sat down behind the desk. He doesn’t want to talk about this in a room he likes. He might never be able to set foot in it again.
“Abaddon,” the alpha says, cutting him off. “My name is Abaddon. And you are?”
Cas doesn’t join in. Neither does anyone else.
Cas stabs his finger at Zachariah’s chest. “Stay away from the Den. Stay away from me. And stay the hell away from Dean.”
“Sure.” Dean shrugs, falling into step between the two of them as they head back to the bar. Free drinks with two hot guys. Dean’s night is looking up already.
“I mean, I think you were an ass—”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Dean laughs. “It was the red hair that confused me. You look awesome though.”
Marv is a tool. A tool with an inflated ego and a piss-poor sense of storytelling, who, depending on his mood, either wants to bone Dean or fire him. Now, working in the weird and wonderful business that is show, Dean is used to that. He can handle temperamental directors without a blip in his blood pressure. What he struggles with is directors who mangle a great movie-script and turn a complex character into a one-dimensional bad guy. Dean’s never had so many battles with a director in his life. It’s fucking exhausting.
“How long has this been going on?” Cas, on the other hand, appears to be amazingly collected.
“And what about the stunts you’ve pulled, Dean? Don’t act like you’re an innocent party in this whole stupid business.”
Cas takes a deep breath. “I just… I want you to be okay. I
Sam and Charlie are waiting for him when Dean walks off stage, Cas right behind him. Sam hauls him into a hug. “You alright?”
“May I come with you?” That he sounds so unsure makes Dean feel like an asshole.
Dean doesn’t want to point out that Ellen and Garth were the ones who set him up with Crowley in the first place but his expression must say it all.
And that’s fair. Raising Ben wasn’t a chore. He was the center of Dean’s goddamn universe for eighteen years.
“With our help of course,” Garth solemnly assures him.
Doctor Missouri is the kind of no-nonsense woman that had the measure of Dean within two minutes of meeting him. She knows not to coddle him. And not to bullshit him. But she also knows not to listen to his bullshit either.
“I… ah… I might have been hanging around waiting for you,” Charlie admits, giving him a bashful smile. “I wanted to make sure you weren’t mad at me after last night.”
That’s not a dig at Sam. Not intentional anyway. They moved past the issue of Sam running away from his problems —and Dean— years ago.
Cas and Dean scowl at each other across the room.
He wakes, less than four hours later, sheets sticking to his sweat-soaked skin, and chest heaving as though he’d been running flat out. Which, in his dreams, he had been. Chased by demons and ghosts in the form of Alastair and his father. His mother, blonde-haired and delicate, watching impassively from the sidelines. Dean’s subconscious doesn’t win any prizes for subtlety that’s for sure. Dean scrubs his hand across his face, and slides out of bed. Cas, lying star-fished on his back, doesn’t stir, and Dean’s careful not to disturb him. He has more than enough of his own bad dreams to deal with without Dean’s waking him too.
He heads outside straight away, hoping that the fresh air and gardens might help clear his head.
“Ah, so nice of you to join us, Mr. Winchester,” Marv smarms, when Dean arrives.
“Oh,” Ben says. “I thought… Claire said Uncle Cas was staying there.”
No, he’s not okay. He’s so far from okay he’s on a different planet in another fucking galaxy. “I’m fine, Sam.”
“I was being honest, Ellen. What did you want me to say?”
Cas nods as though he’s not surprised. “And you haven’t met any non-asshole alphas you think you might like to spend the rest of your life with?”
“A lawyer. Lisa and Meg are planning on getting hitched so I guess I’m getting unhitched.”
The jab doesn’t get the expected response. Instead of the ‘jerk’ Sam would normally throw his way, Sam’s voice takes on a gentle tone that immediately raises Dean’s hackles. “Yeah, I do, because I remember how badly he punished you afterward.”
“I’m not a virgin,” Dean snaps. “Damnit, Ash.”
Oblivious to Dean’s mounting irritation, Debbie blithely carries on. “Pastor Uriel’s brother Raphael, he’s an alpha too, is married to the most darling omega. She’s a tiny little thing. They’ve been mated two years now and have three adorable babies. Omegas really are terribly fertile, aren’t they? Even male ones so I hear? I hope you’ll be popping out lots of lovely babies if you’re lucky enough to lure Uriel in with your… charms. You are rather unusual for an omega, aren’t you, bless your soul.”
“And why is that?” Dean asks. “Your witty repartee put them off?”
Ellen smacks the back of his head, not near hard enough to actually hurt. “I’m saying you’re driving these alphas demented. Now, your next not so mystery man is waiting for you in the small dining room. Do you need a breather before you go in?”
He grabs his wallet and his keys, and is compiling a to-do list in his head while he heads out to where the Impala is sitting in the driveway. The beach house does have a generous double garage, but Cas’ hideously boring Prius is in there along with the kid’s old bikes, and a heap of Lisa’s clothes and crap that Dean had shoved into trash bags. He mentally adds cleaning out the garage to his list of chores.
“And we are leaving,” Cas adds, taking hold of Dean’s arm and all but dragging him backwards.
“Goddamnit!”
Filming goes smoothly. Crowley starts off the day in a fairly vile temper which is nothing Dean’s not seen before, but by the time he calls cut and wrap and Jason Todd and Bruce Wayne have eye-fucked for the last time, he’s back to his usual smarmy self.
“Bitch,” Dean huffs.
“I… what…?” Dean crosses his arms over his chest, more than a little skeeved out by her scrutinizing stare. “Hey, don't objectify me, lady.”
“And,” Cas continues. “As I’m sure many people, including a reasonable percentage of your fee-paying clients would tell you, being a homemaker and raising children is an incredibly important and vastly underrated job.”
Dean has pretty much given up on his sandwich, delicious as it is. He manages two more bites under Cain’s scrutiny before admitting defeat.
Dean’s always found it jarring to be dragged suddenly from his headspace when he’s shooting a scene, but when the scene is this intense, and far too close to real life for comfort, the aftermath leaves him feeling like he’s been flayed alive for everyone to see. He’d never let it slip to Sam how raw these movie scenes are leaving him, but he can’t hide the physical signs as easily as the mental ones.
Dean can’t help the goofy smile he gives in return. “And you. Although, I’m not in need of a knight this time around.”
Charlie had told him that several alphas work at the Den. Dean guesses it makes sense that the security chief is one of them.
“What’s not to understand? Last night was… well, less said the better, but you gotta get back on the horse, cowboy. First date is at 14 hundred hours in the conservatory so you have about thirty minutes to get ready. And I’m not being funny, Dean, but I’d take a shower if I were you, you’re smelling a little ripe today even to my normal nose.”
Dean breathes out through his mouth unsteadily, his fingers gripping the edge of the table. “I’m leaking slick and I’m two minutes away from dropping to my knees right here,” he admits.
think?” Dean fumes. “Nice to know that you and Sam are in agreement, bitching about me behind my back.”
“Well, the yoga and meditation help with that,” Cas says, before adding after a pause, “and the weed of course.”
“He’s my brother,” Dean says simply. “He’s allowed to be mad. But he knows the only people that win in a messy divorce are the lawyers.”
He rubs his eyes, stretches, winces at the throbbing ache in his jaw and then picks up the phone. “H’lo,” he mumbles.
Witnessing Cas like this is nothing short of a revelation. Dean knew the alpha was secretly a badass after their run-in with Abaddon and her henchmen, but actually seeing him radiating with the power of his anger, watching Uriel blanch under the weight of his glare, well, to be honest… it’s a huge turn on.
“Benny, I’m… I’m a fuck-up,” Dean says, screwing up his nose, confused. “No one wants me. I’m… too big and too dumb and…”
“Church.” Is Uriel’s unexpected and unwelcome reply.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Cas says.
“Are we okay?” Cas asks, his voice trembling for just a beat.
“Are you okay?” Cas asks, lips brushing his ear.
“Shut up, junior.”
“I like you,” Benny explains, sitting down opposite him at the table. “Ever since I set eyes on you, when you drove up the driveway in that sweet ride of yours, I knew you were something real special. And when I caught a whiff of your scent for the first time after you stopped taking those damn blockers, Lord. I’ve never been attracted to an omega’s scent before, Dean, but yours near as hell knocked me on my ass.”
“I sincerely hope there’s no betting going on in my church,” Uriel says, joining them. “You know the Lord does not approve of gambling, Mrs. Shepherd.”
“And you know how alphas are. They need an O’ to satisfy their natural urges.”
Benny grins down at Cas who is glaring up at Dean through one half-opened eye as though this whole conversation is a waste of precious napping time.
“And I wish I didn’t have to leave you, Sammy. But you’re not an idiot. You’ve probably read more of the medical shit than I have. If I don’t find a compatible alpha to mate with soon, the chances are I’m gonna get sick.”
And yet he’d still managed to slip through Alastair’s fingers. Thanks to that interfering idiot. At least Alastair had left Dean with a few pretty scars to remember him by.
Ellen shakes her head. “You aren’t normal, kid. You’re an omega.”
“And three times the sex,” Cas says, gleefully.
Cas almost burns the kitchen down attempting to make
Charlie bites at her lip, and looks away.
He probably shouldn’t laugh, but Dean can’t help himself. “Cas, you’re not serious.
Cas lets him get a hand on himself before commanding, “No, don’t jerk yourself off.”
Dean stiffens. The last thing he wants is the cops turning up and making even more of a scene. This whole thing is humiliating enough.
“Sometimes you do, but generally you don’t eat it. Usually because it’s inedible.”
“You should,” Zachariah says. “We don’t want word getting back to Omega Welfare about how out of control Ellen’s omegas are, do we?”
“Dean Winchester, you are an emotionally constipated Neanderthal,” Cas scoffs. “You would rather drown your feelings in liquor than talk to anyone who is stupid enough to care about you. It’s hardly any wonder that your son chose to go to school in another continent, your brother lives on the other side of the country, and your wife left you for someone who could actually make her happy.”
Dean looks up at her blankly. He has no idea what she’s talking about.
“I, uh, I need to know where I stand,” Dean admits. “After everything with Lisa I just… I need to be on a sure footing. If you just want to be friends, that’s fine. I’ll take it. If you want to be friends that have sex occasionally, I can deal with it… I guess. But, I need to know.”
As soon as Dean walks into the bedroom, he falls deeply in love. The alphas’ bed is the biggest, comfiest looking piece of furniture Dean has ever set eyes on. It’s unsurprisingly big. Obviously handmade and one of a kind. More than wide enough to sleep the three not-insubstantial alphas and still leave room to spare. The bed is made-up neatly, sheets tucked in and pillows lined up against the slatted oak headboard.
“Really.”
“What? Aw, no, come on…”
“I was going to make hummus,” Cas growls. “In future, I’d appreciate it if you did not touch my things.”
Which is true. Lisa wants Meg and Dean wants… well, he’s not entirely sure he’s ready to admit what he wants just yet, but he sure as hell isn’t going to listen to anyone badmouth Cas.
Dean’s heart is pounding so hard he can feel it in his fingertips. He startles badly when someone touches his shoulder, his hand jerks sending his glass flying, water spilling across the table, soaking into the tablecloth.
“Those socks were clean,” Dean hisses.
“You do like pie, don’t you?” Cain says, for once looking slightly unsure of himself, probably thanks to Dean’s silent reaction. “It’s apple. I considered making a chocolate cake but pie is rather a specialty of mine.”
Garth is as unmoved as every other time. “Yes you do, you silly goose. We always have a welcome party for our new guests. It’s tradition.”
“Oh,” Dean says, twisting the cat’s neck in his hand just a touch too viciously. He makes no effort to hide his smirk when it explodes. Cas jumps at least six inches in the air, making what is quite possibly the funniest noise Dean has ever heard. “Your throat singing inspired me to take up a new hobby. I thought I’d try my hand at the art of balloon animal making. What do you think?”
He should use the time to pass out and catch some more sleep. Or drink his coffee. Or message Cas. Or Sam. He should be doing anything other than sitting bolt upright on the luxury leather seats thinking about Uriel. The asshole that betrayed Cas and handed Dean to Alastair like a pig for the slaughter. The memories are right there though, clamoring  at the front of his mind, vivid and bloodstained. Uriel driving him to the middle of nowhere. Uriel chasing after him. Uriel drugging him.
Part of Dean, the insecure part of himself that he tries to keep buried down deep, still thinks they might all be mad, but for once, just this one time, he ignores his gnawing self-doubt, and obeys an alpha’s order.
“Really?” Cas asks. “Then why are your legs spread so wide and open? I didn’t tell you to do that."
“Please, Daddy,” Dean begs. “Please, will you spank me?”
"Ma'am, would you please give us a second?" Castiel says, addressing the principal, who nods and walks out of the room. As soon as the door closes, Dean startles when he feels Castiel's hand on his shirt. Manhandling him up and over his knee, Dean tries his best to fight him way out of Castiel's grip, but his hands are being tied behind his back with Dr. Novak's tie and he can't get away.
“You finished?” Cas says, coming to stand between his legs, wearing nothing but sweatpants, straight out of the shower. There’s still a gentle glisten of water on his shoulders, and Dean almost swallows his entire tongue.
“I’m not too concerned about your baby cock right now,” Cas says. "You shouldn’t have looked away.”
Cas's eyes darken at the title, a rush of heat curling in his stomach. Dean starts to hope but then Cas gently pops him on the face, holding his chin fast. Sad green eyes focus desperately on Cas's blue ones, and Cas wants to give his boy everything.
“Nothing.”
“Sir, what did I do?”
“Good boy,” Castiel whispers. His hand guides Dean to stand up on wobbly knees, and then they’re off to the office.
"Better now that you aren't avoiding me," Dean says. "What was that about, you're 'letting me go?'"
Dean flushes again, and Cas can’t help thinking it’s a good look for him. It creeps all the way down his neck, to his naked, heaving chest. His arms strain against the tie. His cock is so hard where it’s up against his chest, swollen and dripping. Cas revels in the fact that he’s completely dressed and Dean is completely naked, loving the trust his boy gives him.
The man he loved sold him to a monster.
"Come," Castiel says. "We'll talk more at home."
“Daddy,” he tries to say, trying to squirm away from his hand. “Daddy, please-“
“You’re so wet, boy,” Cas says. “Does that feel good?”
He moves his hands to cover himself but Cas has moved behind them both, watching with dark eyes.
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, but he presses buttons until the emergency call screen shows up.
"Assbutt, Cas?" he says, with a teasing smile. "Seriously? Your insults need a lot of work."
Castiel has been a trainer Dom since he was 16.
“With your consent, I’d like our dynamic to contain sexual intimacy and I believe the most efficient way to keep you healthy would be to train you in sexual submission,” Castiel says seriously. “I need you to understand what that means, Dean. I’d expect a complete power exchange. You’ll have a safeword, but if you end up using that to get out of punishments or things you simply don’t want to do, I’ll have to take that away. You safeword if you’re reaching a limit, and you’ll never be punished for using it. Understood?”
But then Castiel thinks about a real relationship, and what that would imply. What feelings for this beautiful boy would mean. And his blood runs cold.
"Okay, sweet boy," Castiel says gently. "You may come."
If Dean ended up dying, then Cas could let him go, easy. No biggie. No big deal. It wasn’t like the thought of losing his most precious toy, the only person he’s ever truly cared about, terrifies him.
"Not the- Like, The Program for distressed subs?" Dean asks, just to make sure.
Dean knows him well enough to know there’s more than what he’s saying, and that helps him to understand Cas’s nervousness.
"Just-" Dean waves his hand around. "Okay, if you don't let him in here, I'm gonna get out of bed and go find him myself."
Standing up, Cas moves behind him, gently pulling off the rest of Dean's clothes. Dean can hear the click of his belt buckle, and then the slap of Castiel's belt against his ass. Dean gasps, the pain searing hot. He grasps onto the feeling, trying to get back to that feeling Castiel gave him back at his school. The fleeting, flying feeling that quiets the noise in his head, if only for a little while.
He had almost wanted to.
“Quiet,” Cas says. “Where are you supposed to be looking?”
Castiel pisses him off, frankly, with how quick he can switch up between the hot and cold. Sometimes he’s calling Dean his sweet boy, with soft touches and gentle kisses. But other times, the bad times, he’s practically ignoring him. Dean’s just a toy, one that Castiel has no use for right now, and Dean doubts that he ever cared at all.
"Chastity cage, Dean," Castiel says. "Nonnegotiable."
Some days, Dean still doesn’t know how this happened. Dr. Castiel Novak is an extraordinary linguist, a master at English and fluent in four other languages. He was practically headhunted for jobs - who even knew that people got hunted in the linguistics business? - but he declined, choosing to teach English literature, Russian, and Spanish at Boston University. Not to mention, he’s beautiful; perfect, lean muscles and eyes so blue Dean could see revelations through them.
A loud crash sounds outside the door, and Dean jumps up, almost missing it in his haste to turn around.
Dean hates ring gags. Reaching behind his head, Castiel gently unbuckles the gag, pulling it out of his boy’s mouth, wishing he had never given him to Alastair in the first place. Fuck distancing, fuck pretending.
Dean feels his breathing pick up, thoughts of disappointing Castiel running rampant through his head, scrambling to pick out his mistakes. God, why was Dean so stupid? He shouldn’t have fought Castiel, shouldn’t have given him attitude. He knew better, and now Cas was taking his collar off, sending him away, all because Dean wanted attention from someone who he had managed to fool himself into loving.
he thinks.
"Dean?" Dad says, confused. "Didn't school start, like, an hour ago?"
“No,” Dean says, but Cas doesn’t miss the way his cock twitches at the thought, the way his eyes almost roll back into his head. “Cas, please, let me touch, I’ll be good, I’m sorry-“
“My God, look at you,” Cas whispers, hungry eyes taking in every inch of Dean’s body, all laid out and exposed for him. “Are you this much of a slut for everyone, or just for me?”
“May I ask what I’m going to be doing today?”
Dean jumps, whirling around until he sees Master’s friend.
“That would make sense,” Cas says, finally looking up from his paper. “But you left your lunch at home, and I didn’t get any text about it, so I know that’s not true.”
Stopping at the playroom, he takes out a few things for Dean and then goes up to the Master, something tight in his chest finally giving out and Castiel smiles seeing his boy.
“I’ll make it up to you.”
“Yes?”
an hour earlier, and that he still might not get to come that day.
Castiel prides himself on his patience.
“Hm,” he says, loosening his grip. Dean lets out a sigh of relief, but he still won’t move his hand. “Come on, pet. Sit up for me.”
They were too gone on each other. Castiel met Dean, found this beautiful person in him, and he was lost.
Castiel sighs. He doesn’t really have friends, but Gabriel is the closest he could consider to one. The person he trusts the most, definitely.
“Thank you,” Gabriel says, exasperated. “Someone is feeding information to Michael. They want to intercept our next shipment of drugs.”
“I’m not gonna spank you,” Cas says. “You like it too much.”
"Oh," Castiel says. "Um, Alastair was a leak for Michael, and he offered me information about Michael's inner circle, but in order to get it, I had to give them you."
Cas hesitates for half a second before reaching down to Dean’s caged cock, running his fingers along it before he reached his balls.
Then Cas pulls away, all the firm hands and teasing touches disappearing. Dean cries out, pushing his hips out to get some stimulation back.
It breaks Castiel's heart, in simple terms. He wants to wrap the boy up in blankets and hold him and protect him from whatever the hell is making him
“Please, please,” Cas can barely make out. “Just wait, you don’t need to do that,
The other part, though?
All too soon, Cas pulls away, leaving Dean whining for something - anything. It’s humiliating how quickly Cas can work Dean up, but he couldn’t help himself.
“I don’t, really,” he says uncomfortably. “I just haven’t felt horny enough to do anything about it recently.”
really, really short chapter with some fluff and aftercare. :)
"That's good, Dean," he says soothingly. "I'm sorry. After I realized how bad it was, I should have taken you down immediately, and I realize now I should not have left you alone. I'm going to take you down now."
"Stay after class a minute, Dean," she says, her tone leaving no room for argument.
When Dean wakes up, the first thing that pops into his head is the realization that he’s absolutely fucked. Literally, and figuratively, because Dean would give Cas everything. Giving himself up makes him feel irrationally good. It doesn’t make a lot of sense, and he doesn’t spend too much time analyzing the why anymore. It feels good, and Cas loves him, and everything is fine.
“Yeah, you look like shit,” Dean’s other friend Charlie, another sub, says. “When’s the last time you went down?”
“It’s been almost two hours, Dean,” Master says. “You need a break.”
Desperately, he looks around for Cas, and his eyes land on his Alpha, who was desperately aroused and staring straight at him. Standing up, the Alpha went down on his knee next to the chair, kissing the omega’s forehead and pushing his sweaty hair back.
“I was about to eat,” he protests weakly. “I was stuck in a meeting, but I was about to eat, I swear.”
"Master?" Dean calls out, confused. "Is that you?"
“Well, there is. And Castiel was desperate to figure out who it was,” Alastair says, his voice far too close for Dean’s liking. “Too stupid to figure out what was right under his nose. So he was willing to give up anything. Anyone. As long as he figured out who it was.”
Gently, Cas has Dean sit down on the closed toilet as he runs a bath, picking out Dean’s favorites bath salts and an extra special fluffy towel, something he had ordered as a surprise.
“Master,” Dean mumbles.
"God, Castiel, think with your head instead of your dick," Gabriel says. "Just get another whore. He's pretty, but he isn't worth this much shit."
Of course, Dean is still a person, and that’s not always how it is. They’re just a normal couple outside of all of the shit. Dean has a job. He goes to work, running his and Bobby’s business. Dean had put himself through college working as a mechanic, and finally graduated with his degree in automotive engineering.
i also (evidently) don't know anything about organized crime or the mafia, so please suspend your disbelief while reading this. :)
“I don’t recall asking you,” Castiel says, the words teasing. “Come on, Dean. Let’s just finish this, then we can have breakfast, promise.”
“Sir,” Dean begs. “Please, it hurts, I’m sorry.”
Standing up, Dean opens the door of the office, down the stairs and into the kitchen where the man is sitting, calm and cool, just sipping away at a cup of tea.
"Please, Daddy," Dean says. "Please, may I- Can I come?"
Be good. He can do that.
“Such a slut,” Castiel murmurs, almost to himself, adding another finger. Dean’s cock is leaking precise, and Castiel swipes his unlubed fingers through it, unstrapping Dean’s gag and pushing his fingers into Dean’s mouth.
Cas has got him.
“This is your warning,” Cas says, voice quiet and controlled. “Either fix your attitude or I’ll spank it out of you.”
Dean rolls his eyes. Cas never lets him touch his own cock, always ties him up whenever he needs to touch it. But Dean’s bladder is about to explode, so he puts his hands behind his back, and Cas reaches around him and secures his hands in cuffs.
“You do that,” Cas says. He had taken his Dean won’t be getting loose. “While you do that, I’m getting dressed. What do you want to eat for breakfast?”
"Fine," Dean says, blushing. "But you don't kick me out. I'm sleeping in your bedroom from now on."
After they had grown closer and more comfortable with each other in the Dominant/submissive dynamic, Cas’s order and control extended into their daily life after countless conversations Dean didn’t want to have. He trusted Castiel. Always has, and he knows that he wouldn’t ever truly harm him. He couldn’t.
“Okay,” Dean says resolutely. “Um. Which one, sir?”
“It’s barely been on for an hour,” Cas says, his voice closer. Dean flinches at the hand running down his back, down until Dean feels a slick finger in his hole, only adding to Dean’s frustration. It feels so good and so incredibly full, but it still isn’t enough and it’s too much all at the same time. He tries to stifle the moan that threatens to spill once Cas pushes up against his prostate, right next to the dildo.
"Let's take a walk," she says, her face devoid of emotion.
It would have been so perfectly laid out. So brilliantly executed.
“Oh, are we still pretending he’s just a whore?” Gabriel asks.
"We can find another way," Castiel says, his voice firm and unchanging.
“Sammy,” he mutters.
Dean wants to punch his ugly face, because nobody insults his Master. Blinking hard, he tries to clear his throbbing head, thoughts so foggy and everything so heavy.
Dean doesn't understand. Castiel can see it in him, despite the fact that he nods quickly, opening his mouth for more food.
“Is there a problem?” Castiel asks.
Cas’s got him.
“How often do you masturbate?”
Dean seethes in his seat, infuriated that this pompous asshole is being so incredibly controlling, but he doesn't have time to tell Castiel exactly what he's thinking because they're already pulling up to his house. Castiel parks the car and turns it off before turning to look at Dean.
Something about Dean is so incredibly guarded. He has these walls up, won’t fully let himself go. How could a level ten submissive - ten - deny himself subspace for two years?
Castiel wants to do that for him.
“And how long after you presented did you go down enough to hit subspace?”
And Dean wants to do this for his Alpha.
“Please,” Dean whimpers once Cas pulls his fingers out. “Please, Sir, it feels so good. I want to- I have to come.”
No, Dean thinks. Cas would never have sold me. He wouldn't give me away. Not his Cas. Not Daddy.
Dean breathes a sigh of relief, and pretends that scooting his chair closer to the Dom was an accident. A reflex, to see the papers better.
“Please,” Dean gasps, pushing his hips forward into Cas’s hand. “Touch me? Please?”
“Fuck you.”
“Where?”
Castiel just wasn't ready to dispose of him.
“Dean, seriously,” Charlie says, in the middle of a bite. “When I go more than a few weeks without going down, it feels like I’ve been kissed by a dementor.”
“Okay,” Castiel says soothingly. “That was good, Dean. You’re so, so good for me. I’m going to help you with that now, okay?’
Dean opens it, but there’s a password and it’s locked.
In a weird way, the two of them have been connected since high school,  Cas found Dean cutting class out behind the library. John had gotten drunk again the night before, and Dean had spent the better part of an hour listening to how ugly he was, and useless, and worthless and how much John wished he had never been born.
Now? Now, it’s just Cas.
The words sink into Dean, the soft encouragement settling the turmoil that was boiling in his stomach this entire week.
“Language,” his Daddy scolds. “Ask me for another.”
Dean has to trust him first.
“I didn’t ask you."
"When you're being punished, sub, you don't speak unless I give you permission," Castiel says. "I'll give you more of your rules and time to understand them once we get settled, but the number one rule you will be expected to comply with is respect, Dean. Both for me and for yourself."
“You know,” Alastair says. “If you ask me, I always found your relationship with Castiel… interesting. You’re so beautiful, Dean, and take so much. Why would you bend over for some soft little flower like Castiel?”
“Please, Sir,” he forces out. More words sit on the tip of his tongue, so many things he knows Cas wants to hear, but they won’t come out. The fucking machine is relentless, punching Dean’s prostate with every other thrust. He feels so naked and so exposed, completely laid out in front of this man who completely owns him. “Please.”
Panicking, Dean pulls away, trying to pry Castiel’s fingers off of his collar. He can’t do this. No matter how good this guy is, he can’t talk about that.
“Sub,” he says, his voice soft and dangerous. “Would you care to explain yourself?”
“Uh-“
But all of them stuck in the same house, even for a few days, can be a lot, so Cas and Dean enjoy the silence on the short drive over to the mansion.
“Oh.”
Alastair loads Dean’s body into his truck, wanting to pat himself on the back.
Sitting on the bed next to him, Castiel works on attaching the cock cage, and Dean slowly wakes up to the cinch and cold metal. Castiel locks it, putting the chain with the key around his neck.
“Cas,” Dean says quietly. “Please.”
“This weekend,” Alpha says. “If you’re good.”
Dean shifts, trying to get away from the merciless machine thrusting into him, probably at least 10 inches because Cas likes it when he’s hurting. Hiding his head what little he can, he tries to keep his breathing even. Not wanting to give in and give Cas what he wants - Dean hot and crying, in pain and wanting- he scrambles for words to get Cas to turn the stupid thing off.
Dean wants to cry with relief.
It’s been two weeks.
He wants to snap at her, tell her to leave him alone but his stupid subby biology would barely even let him make direct eye contact with her, not when she's using her stupid Dom voice.
Dean groans, Cas’s rough voice in his ear, going straight to his cock that for some reason, Cas never locked back into his cage. Dean barely processes his Master’s words. Master kisses down his neck, hands wandering down his chest, down to his cock. Dean gasps as Cas teases the tip between his fingers, the other squeezing his balls.
Last night with Castiel had felt good It was the first real, solid good he had felt in a very long time. Dean was trying his best not to think too hard on it. He didn’t want to think about how easily he gave in to Castiel, because he tried. Honestly, Dean tried not to let him into his head.
Dean shakes his head rapidly, hands grasping at Cas’s shirt in an effort to appease him. It’s one of Cas’s favorite rules. Dean doesn’t get to talk when they’re playing.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sometimes Dean wonders how the hell he ended up where he is.
Maybe if he takes a nap first, he'll retain information better.
But Castiel’s immediate orders come first, and damned if Dean didn’t know that.
Dean’s desperate eyes fly up to Cas’s worried ones.
Dean can’t even fight as Sir pushes the gag back in, can’t do anything more than whimper when he hears the familiar crack of an ice pack.
“Do you know who Michael is, Dean?” Alastair asks randomly, tossing his apple into the trash can.
He’s nothing special, is Alastair’s point. When Michael had approached him about working as a double agent, to help Michael take Castiel down, he hadn’t needed to think twice.
Just a lowly informant. A leak. A high position of power in Castiel’s association, feeding information to Michael.
Dean swallows, feeling the fire come back in spades, but Castiel slaps him. It's gentle, but enough to shove it back down.
“I’m sure you have some things you want to ask me,” he says gently, and Dean blinks, suddenly irrationally terrified that Castiel can read his mind.
“Sir,” Dean begs. “Please, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”
"What the fuck?" he asks, panicked. "What- what are you doing?"
“Two,” he says, scanning the next page.
“Yes.”
“I didn’t.”
It’s almost mindless, the switch. How quickly Dean falls right into his role.
It’s under it, what really matters.
Dean has no idea if anything he's saying is coming through the gag, but Cas reaches around them and starts to stroke, his hand wet and so, so slow. Dean watches as he slowly, slowly speeds up as his poor cock gets increasingly harder, heat boiling in the pit of his stomach. Dean's eyes glaze over and his embarrassment grows as he can see himself growing more desperate by the second. His humiliation only makes the flush climb higher. Need is building in his stomach as every second passes, and Dean looks desperately to Cas, the gag still filling my mouth. His mumbled pleas for permission get lost, tangled in the silicone.
,” he says around the stupid gag, my eyes flying down to look at where his mouth is completely flush to Dean's body, hand cupping his balls. He pulls off, squeezing again. Dean almosts scream, trying to pull away but the ropes hold him fast.
Nobody came to mind. Not one person. Sure, there were plenty of shady figures he had worked with, because who wasn’t shady in the mafia? Anyone with guts to work their way up into Castiel’s inner circle had dirty, unclean hands, but Castiel didn’t let anyone into his upper circles without being completely sure of their loyalty. Clearly, he had made a mistake. Spending time taking care of Dean managed to help get his mind off of it, but Gabriel was texting relentlessly, and finally ended up calling him.
“Hush,” Cas says, but it’s soothing rather than demanding. “Almost done, sweetheart. We’ll talk soon. No more fighting.”
"Good boy," Castiel whispers, taking him off the bench as Dean falls asleep. "I got you, it's okay."
He bristles, no longer caring about Dr. Castiel Novak's Domness or the fact that he's a doctor.
“Mm,” Cas says, voice frustratingly bored. If it weren’t for the bulge in his pants, Dean would think he’s completely unaffected. “I’m not sure yet."
"Really?" Cas says in surprise. "You'll have to show me, then, sweet boy. Maybe you can work for me."
Sighing, his head in his hands, Dean pulls his laptop closer in order to finish the rest of his work. It takes barely fifteen minutes, tapping along at the keyboard and so tired toward the end of it that he almost forgets.
His breath catches in his throat, falling all too easily into his role.
It’s such a horrible thing. The most beautiful people in this life always go through this kind of shit.
“We have to get him back,” Castiel says, his voice as even as he can make it. “We aren’t working on anything else until we get him back.”
Hurrying over to the restroom, Dean breathes out a sigh of relief when he sees it’s a vacant little one person, and nobody is using it right now. Not even five seconds later, the door opens and Cas comes in, pushing the door closed and turning to lock it.
A wicked smile slowly works up his face.
"Great, now can you come here, please?" Dean says. "You're too far away."
“I turn the machine off,” Cas says. “I’ll leave the cage on and fuck you myself, but then you come with me to work for a week. Be my good boy. Maybe have some meetings with some of my friends."
Dean sobs, turning his head into his shoulder, but then he feels a hand on his chin and Daddy slaps him.
Dean feels pretty pathetic for being so upset about it. In his current situation, this shouldn’t be his biggest concern.
Once they get to Castiel’s office, Dean takes off his sweatshirt and is about to close the little drawer it goes in when Master speaks.
“Good boy,” he says. “Now, let’s get that off. The sooner you’re done, the sooner you can have it back. Are you going to be good, sweet boy?”
Dean shoots him a glare, a very clear ‘or what?’ Castiel was almost amused. Here Dean was, spread open wide, a flush running all the way up his body and almost out of his mind with need.
“You’re so good for me, sweet boy,” Cas whispers. “So tight and hot, fuck-“ Cas fucks Dean fast and rough, chasing his pleasure and showing no interest at all in Dean’s. And, Dean thinks sluggishly once Cas has finally come inside of him, he won’t drag it out because it makes it worse for Dean. Not that they’d ever admit it, but Dean and Cas do care about each other. In the sad, angry way two broken people can. That might be messed up, but all Dean can think about as Cas slowly bathes him and wipes away his tears, ties his wrists behind his back and buckles his collar into place, is that even if he could leave he doesn’t think he’d want to.
“Not today, sweet boy,” Castiel says. “Alastair requested some time alone with you.”
Irritation bubbles at the surface of his skin, and Dean shrugs, trying to play it down. "S'fine. Do you need help with the food?"
“Not- not a slut.”
Michael comes tearing into the room, locking the door behind him, cold, uncontrolled anger exuding from every part of him.
“Are you ready to talk to me, sub?” Sir asks, hand gripping Dean’s chin.
“You were so good,” Castiel whispers. “Oh, sweet boy, you’re always so good for me. However you want it, I promise."
"Jesus fuck, fine, whatever," Dean huffs, staring out the window. "You don't have to be a dick about it."
Dean hasn’t been this exhausted in a long time.
Castiel pushes in, and Dean moans. Castiel almost dies at the sound. Dean is so tight, hot and wet, and so perfect for him, pushing back to meet him.
Dean nods desperately, and then he's sinking down onto Cas's cock, almost crying with how good it feels. Cas spanks his thigh and Dean gasps, rocking up and down, Cas's cock pulling sounds out of him as he feels his cock hit his prostate, groaning.
"Fuck, that's hot," Cas says, groaning.
Dean shrugs. “Since… I don’t know. A month after I presented?”
God, why does Dean need him so bad?
“Yeah, and you never give me anything, Master," Dean gasps out. The words are meant to be teasing. Bratty, in the way that Dean inherently is, but then Master's eyes darken.
“Have it your way.”
That took patience as well. Castiel would sit in on their first meeting, and if the sub agreed to an introductory trial scene, Castiel was there the entire time.
“M’good.”
His scream is muffled, and his cock wilts almost immediately. If Dean wasn’t so horny, he’d probably laugh. When Cas takes his hand off, and starts to pull Dean’s boxers back up, Dean begs because he knows Cas well enough to know what comes next.
"Is he going to take me back?"
Dean looks over at Cas incredulously. “What am I, five? No, I’m fine.”
Lubing up his fingers, Cas reaches forward and rubs into the pucker of Dean’s hole, pushing his middle finger in. It’s wonderfully tight and hot, and Dean gasps.
When Cas spoke, Dean jumped.
Castiel rubs him thumb over Dean's slit, and he can feel himself leaking. He wishes he could go into it. Just let himself feel it, and have it feel as good as it's supposed to.
Michael just beat him. Put a gag on him, whipped him within an inch of his life, and then whipped him some more.
But Cas sold him. He
“You don’t want to speak politely, you don’t get to speak at all,” Castiel says, hauling Dean up and bending him over the bed.
It’s secluded. At least an acre away from the closest house, and absolutely stunning.
Dean lays under the covers next to him, doing something on his phone. They’re both relaxing, about ready to sleep. There’s no tension in Dean’s body, and he’s even leaned a bit towards Cas.
Dean’s muffled protests don’t deter Cas. The fighting seems to spur him on.
Alastair can't wait to see his world burn.
Cas’s belt comes down on Dean’s cock, and he screams.
“Then watch yourself,” Cas says, barely a whisper. “I want you to be good for me, okay? I know you can be such a good boy."
Suddenly, with no warning at all, Cas is inside of him. Completely dry, no prep, and it fucking burns.
, fuck,” he says, squeezing his eyes shut, biting hard into the gag. “Daddy, stop, it hurts-“
“He called me from a cell phone that he found, and I can figure out how to get his location from that, but I can’t exactly just walk in there and grab him.”
“But the cage-“
They just finished eating, and Dean knelt before Castiel on a pillow, ropes delicately wrapped around his arms all the way up to the elbow. Dean had fought them, but he hadn't safeworded and he relaxed afterwards, eating every piece of the chicken pot pie Castiel had made with relish.
“Before we get started, I wanted to ask how you were feeling about this,” he says seriously. “Do you still want this?”
Smiling, Castiel comes into the bedroom and closes the door, taking the seat Sam has vacated.
Reaching out again, he squeezes his balls and shoves two fingers into Dean's completely dry hole at the same time, and Dean has to bite his lip to cut off his scream.
Castiel moves faster than the speed of fucking light or some other magical shit, because there are hands on Dean's neck before he can even turn to the door. There's the sound of a buckle and then Castiel's hands are tugging on his collar, pulling him back towards the staircase.
“More,” he gasps. “More, please, Cas, Master-“
Dean gets the unspoken command, completely attuned to his Dom.
Castiel sighs, coming back over to him, a soft kiss on his temple.
