“Well, this is delightful! I cannot wait to play!” Thor exclaimed. Toni couldn't help the laugh that fell off her lips as she watched Steve roll his eyes at the god.
“I’m not freaked out, Stevie. I would love to have a baby with you, one day.” She told him, pulling the smaller man up her body and into a kiss.
“No, we did not,” Toni whispered; her lips curled up in a smile as she turned her bright brown eyes to face Steve.
“Enjoy that, doll. I would say buy yourself something pretty, but..” Daniel shrugged his shoulders, saying: “That’s a bit sexiest. You should buy what you’ll enjoy.” Toni smiled up at the taller man, wrapping her arm around his waist.
Toni stood to her feet, following her younger teammates into the living room as they grabbed their tubes.
“I don’t mean ‘ta bother ya, but I was wondering if I could take this beautiful dame for a spin ‘round the dance floor?” The man asked Steve and Bucky, almost as if Toni wasn’t even sitting there.
“Everything alright in here?” He asked softly, running his eyes up and down Toni’s body scanning for any injuries he might have missed.
Each Avenger also had their very own microphone, which was probably not the best idea when Steve really thought about it. Because who knows what was gonna leave Bucky and Sam’s lips.
With that Steve continued to look through the chest. Watching as Bucky found the old watch his father gave him before he passed away, and the way Clint held the bigger man as he shed a tear for his parents. Toni grabbed the eight leather-bound sketchbooks and smiled at Steve.
“Thank you,” Toni whispered, as Bucky placed his arm around her waist and whispered something into her ear.
“We can talk about whatever the fuck this was tomorrow when Steve goes to work..” Toni muttered softly, looking down at her brown, pantyhose-covered feet.
“I got him, thank you, James," Toni said, running one of her hands mindlessly through the blond's hair.
“Babydoll, I need you to breathe.” She heard Steve, his hands firmly gripping her shoulders as he leaned down into his sight of vision. His spatula fell, forgotten to the floor as his attention was solely focused on his fiancée.
“Don’t you have work to do, Mr. Rogers?” Toni quickly turned his attention away from the wonderfully smelling apple candle. “Instead of bothering me at my desk?”
“That would be great!” Bucky said, shooting up from the couch, pulling the shorter blond along with him.
“There you two are, I was wondering where you scurried off too,” Bucky said, placing a kiss on Toni's temple and smiling at Steve. “Gorgeous flowers. Stevie get ya those?” He asked Toni, turning and wiggling his eyebrows suggestively at Steve. Steve rolled his eyes and nodded his head.
“And who is this? Daughter-in-law perhaps?” Mr. Von Doom said, his eyes raking her up and down, curiosity blooming on his pale face. Daniel smiled down at Toni and shook his head in laughter.
He also wondered if Toni was somehow related to Howard Stark - because his genius was something Steve had only seen in Toni, but he wasn’t near as smart. Steve asked him one night as he sat in Howard's lab and wrote his umpteenth letter to Toni if the man had any family with her name and he just shook his head ‘no’. He did mention how he liked the name Tony, but he swore he’d never have a daughter, just a strapping boy, like Steve - he said. And that ruffled Steve’s feathers, but then again so did a lot of other things Howard did.
“I can’t help it! She’s gorgeous, goodness. Steve’s genes and yours, why you two will have beautiful babies.”
“I mean all the blankets we got are on her. With the radiator being broke this is the best we got... Four blankets are ‘lot Stevie, and considering she slept through the night... I'd say yeah.”
“What did she do to you, Steve?” Howard asked, cutting Maria off mid-sentence. Steve’s gaze flickered over to Maria before turning back to face Howard, crossing his arms over his chest.
Steve rolled his eyes as he watched Thor jamming random buttons on the already broken printer. The bigger man completely ignored Clint’s bright orange
And Steve knew as he watched Toni talk to his Ma over her a slice of her 60th birthday cake that he had to say something. His family adored her, his friends couldn’t function without her and that was a fact. And well... He was head over heels in love with the sassy brunette.
Just before he could ask the question, he’d been dying to ask for the past three years, the lights flickered out, leaving the office in complete darkness. Well, that was until the emergency floodlights came on illuminating their little break room with an ugly yellow glow.
“Don’t have to tell me twice,” and with that Steve threw Toni over his shoulder, like he always did. “Come on Pa, Ma. Let's get me hitched.”
“That’s my ring,” he whispered, his blue eyes flickering up to Toni’s brown ones. A soft smile growing wide on his lips.
Bruce said it would take four to five hours for them to wake up in their adult forms, so Toni headed down to the lab to finish up some work she had been doing earlier before her teammates were temporarily de-aged.
“No, not just SI. She has over a handful of charities, mostly focusing on water and energy in third world countries. Also, mental and physical health for veterans.”
Steve arrived back at their apartment around four o'clock. As he made his way up the stairs to the second floor, he saw Bucky a couple of steps ahead of him.
she moaned, shock evident in her eyes as Steve just wrapped her other leg around his hips, opening her body perfectly for him.
“Sam, grab him! He’s gonna pass--.” and that was the last thing he heard before the blinding pain took over and his body fell to the floor.
The brunette just stood there, mouth softly opening and closing as she remembered Daniel. Her eyebrows furrowed as she remembered he was gone now. That he probably had been dead for years.
Steve couldn’t help the laugh that left his lips as the brunette struggled with the button that held his pants up.
“Then please leave the room, Toni,” Steve ordered and smiled as he saw a fire grow in her eyes as she looked between both men.
“Stevie, go across the hall. See what Elisa has that can fix us up.” Bucky asked as he began carrying Toni down the hallway.
“He’s correct,” Toni confirmed, standing to her feet. “We all live in the tower together, and we fight monsters and bad guys, basically.”
“I think you mean my shirt,” Steve smiled as he watched his fianceé hold it to her chest with an offended look on her face at Steve’s choice of words.
“Nope, but thanks, reindeer games. The last gift we received from an Asgardian turned me into a five-year-old. I’m done with gifts with any type of magic,” Toni shivered. “I hate that stuff.”
“You’re so beautiful, of course he wasn’t.” Toni softly shook her, her lips quivering as Sarah smiled at her. “Gorgeous. He picked a perfect woman.”
“Yeah, that’s very unsettling...” Steve muttered as he shook his head trying to get that image out of his mind.
“‘A good man will do anything for his woman, especially a Rogers.’” Toni quoted her fiancé, watching the proud smile that grew on Joe’s lips.
“I know that! But why haven’t you ever told me you speak Gaelic!!” Toni hit the soldier across the chest. “We aren’t friends anymore. How could you have hidden this from me!”
“Alright!! Let’s get this show on the road! We are so fortunate to be in the presence of these real heroes. Let’s not waste their time and go ahead and get started with these questions!” The large crowd of over five hundred people erupted in cheers once again. Steve looked out among the crowd and saw lines had formed; several mic stands were placed at the end of each aisle.
The group sat two by two on their own couches. Steve sat beside Toni, on their red couch in the center of the stage. Sam and Clint to their right and Bucky and Thor to their left on their navy-blue couches.
She couldn’t help but smile as he began to cry as her fathers escorted her down the aisle. Edwin and Nick placed kisses to her exposed cheeks and placed her hands into Steve’s.
“No, I haven’t been to the bookstore in a couple of months. I was actually supposed to go the night we found ya in the alley to look for a present for my ma, but... We found you instead.”
Toni smiled, tucking her face into her lover's neck, relaxing her body against the smaller man. She quickly pulled back when she felt something awfully familiar pressed against her hip. She glanced down at the tent in Steve’s pants, an even bigger smile growing on her face at how she easily excited her man.
“Are you guys five years old or twenty-five years old?” Steve asked, standing to his feet, turning to face the grinning Clint Barton.
“I hada question... Buck and I were wondering if ya--?” Steve asked, words stopping as his eyes dropped down to her cleavage. “-
“She needs it more than me.” Bucky pretended he didn’t notice the way Steve’s blue eyes softened as he looked at the dame, or how his gaze lingered, adoringly on the smaller brunette's face.
“How about we file the last things on our desk and then dip. That way Fury can’t say anything.” Toni suggested, dropping the black-handled scissors into one of her desk drawers.
“Count me in,” Toni approved, climbing off the soldier's lap. “Let's discuss it right now!” She grabbed his hand, to pull him up and out of his seat.
“Oooh,” Toni whispered, as she looked around at her teammates. “Being a god would be Hella cool, but then again being a super-soldier would be fantastic too.” Toni bit her lip, deep in thought. “
you did anything and everything in your power to beat her down, like she was garbage. Didn’t you Howard?” The red grew rapidly in the older man's face as Steve’s grip grew tighter around the man's neck. “
Steve breathed a sigh of relief and they pulled apart, making their way around the living room hollering for Bucky. After his name left both their lips a couple of times, they turned to face the other. Steve took in the disheveled appearance of his dame’s shirt, the way her short brown hair was sticking up in every direction. He couldn’t help but thank God that he was able to call Toni
“Ah! Daniel, it’s so nice to see you.” The tall, slender man said, standing up from his desk chair and walking over to Daniel.
soda and turned to face Steve and Toni as they sat at the kitchen island. “Do you guys have relationship rules?” He asked, making the serum-powered couple glance at each other in confusion.
Steve mourned Bucky by drowning his sorrows in whiskey and burying his face in one of his old white button-up shirts that Toni always wore. He swore even four years later he could still smell her on it.
..” Toni bit her lip, watching Steve’s eyes soften as he took in the sadness in her eyes, and her posture. “I wanna know
“To-totally.” The brunette dropped her eyes back down to her plate, her fork moving the rice around aimlessly.
The two got to work on the big white machine as Sue was messing with a laptop that was connected to it.
“Roses,” Toni breathed, her eyes locked in on every detail of the flowers. Steve looked down at the roses, the only thought running through his mind was ‘oh my gosh, what if she hated roses? What if she was allergic?’
“Are you alright?” Toni whispered, hearing a groan leave the blond’s lips, as he got situated under the covers.
Or how Toni changed her schedule with SHIELD to match up with Steve’s - there was something that just pulled the two heroes together.
Strange just rolled his eyes and scratched the back of his neck. Toni always beamed with pride when she could make Strange stutter or speechless as he was one of the only people besides Wade Wilson that could match her sass.
“I’ve kissed Clint and Natasha, but like a goodbye kiss,” Toni told them with a sly smirk on her lips... “Oh and Thor one time, but that was because he thought it was a customary Midgard greeting.” Toni’s eyes glared in Sam’s direction, and the crowd laughed at the innocent smile on Sam’s lips.
Toni awoke to a knock on the bedroom door, wincing at the bright sunlight that came shining in through the window.
“I’m not...” Steve told them as he breathed Toni in, still holding her as if she could disappear any second. “
“And Thor is an All Speak so…” Toni gestured to the god, as he smiled proudly. Steve tried to hide his surprise as he heard Toni say that. That meant Thor heard Steve call Toni his love. Steve just turned away from the god, ignoring the grin on his lips, and focused his attention back on the audience.
Toni opened the chestnut chest, taking in the small photo album and several sketch pads that rested on the bottom of the box. Her strong fingers itching to feel the different colored-leather bound books. Just as she reached her hand out to touch, she was interrupted by a knock on the front door.
“No, Howard is dead. He has been for a long time now; I was there when they put that son of a bitch in the ground.” Toni felt as if her heart was gonna beat right out of her chest. No one in that room dared to speak as they watched the scene unfold in front of them. Toni ran her fingers through her hair and with a tight pull of her locks she shook her head. “No.”
“Well... You share great chemistry with Sergeant Barnes and Clinton. But personally, I would choose either myself or the great Captain here.”
There was a minute or two of comfortable silence before Steve got the nerve he’d been building up for the past three years.
Their breath feathered against the others for a second or two more, enjoying the heat of their bodies pressed together. The intimacy of that moment was only something Steve had dreamed of, but no dream could have prepared him for the heat of this.
“Well... With you..” He thought for a second, looking to the ceiling, then turned his eyes back to Toni. “Eight.” and with that, his cheeks blushed ruby red.
“Oh!” Toni chuckled at Bucky’s words “Yeah, the dress! I fixed the wiring in a ladies curling iron and she gave me a couple of these things. I’m not a dress girl, but these are very comfortable.” Toni said, feeling the black and white checkered material of her A-line dress.“She gave me some make-up too, real sweet lady.”
Clint asked a majority of the questions, Bruce piping in every now and then with a question on how things medically and scientifically were different. It was a nice, heartwarming moment, not only for the team to hear about a part of the trio's life but also for the three supersoldiers to relive the life they just lived.
“Yes,” Steve nodded. “She took SI and it’s better than it's ever been. She’s one of the most brilliant minds the world has ever seen.”
Steve found his and Toni’s friendship crossing lines he didn’t even know existed. He found himself always drifting over to stand beside the genius if they were in the same room. Steve noticed his eyes always looked for the tiny brunette when he entered a room. How when someone told a joke he always looked at Toni just so he could watch that beautiful laugh falls off her lips.
The archer smirked, “No.” Raising an eyebrow as he continued to flip the pages. “Tell me what’s in it.”
“I don’t know many Midgardian celebrities, so, I will just say our lady Stark as she is a truly beautiful human.”
Comment and kudos are always appreciated!!! Can't wait to update the next chapter of the love birds at the MoMA!!
“Well, The Captain has spoken --” Toni said, as she leaned her head down onto Steve’s shoulder. “-- He’s never wrong.”
So, this one is a little sad. Prepare yourself. It's not very long as I will be updating again tomorrow. So, fasten your seatbelt folks, it's about to get angsty on this ride.
As they sat Steve back down on the couch a dry cough began leaving his throat. “Sorry, got a bit too excited.” Bucky sat down beside Steve, patting the smaller man's back like he’d done it a billion times before.
“They will, in a couple hours. Make this your wedding gift to the lovely couple.” Sue told her husband.
“Hiya, doll, my name’s James Barnes… Ya can call me Bucky...” The taller man scratched the back of his head, as he turned to face the five foot five, Steve Rogers. “We uh --”
“Though they did not need that blessing as they had already been blessed by Freyr.” Loki muttered, rolling his eyes at his older brother.
“Take me upstairs,” she whispered on his lips, not expecting the smaller man to grab her hand and yank her up the final staircase.
“Bring it on, blondie,” Bucky said, standing to his feet as he read his card to see what he would be acting out next.
“Apparently the fans of the Avengers think we have a lot of romantic relationships going on between us. But they seemed to go crazy when Steve stuttered on a question about him and Toni.”
Are you okay?!” He pulled the genius to her feet and began dusting off her clothes. “Are you alright, doll?” The soldier whispered, running his hands down her now sore backside as he placed a kiss on her lips.
“Miss Grant, let me try this again. It is a pleasure to meet you.” Toni reached her palm out to shake. Only he gently grasped it, bringing it to his mustache-covered lip, to place a soft kiss on the back of her hand.
The older man drew a deep breath, sighing in relief as he placed a kiss onto her forehead. “Thank you, dollbaby.”
“Yay, art,” Toni cheered, loving the feeling of the deep rumble of laughter that left Steve’s chest.
“You aren’t naked in all of them, some are you laughing, some are sappy, some are you being sweet and innocent -
“Thank you?” Toni asked, unsure of what their next step was. Daniel held back a snort at Toni’s tone and knocked on the large wooden door.
“And I’m so glad you did... You look ravishing...” His hungry eyes ran up and down the parts of her body that were not covered by his own.
“You won’t ever lose me, I promise, Steve. I promise you that.” and with that they fell back into the arms of the other, this time treasuring every second with each other's bodies as if it was their last.
“Yeah, yeah.” Toni pulled back from his shoulder, her arms wrapped around his neck as he held her three feet off the ground and flashed him the sweetest smile. “Anything to help you, Stevie, you know that.”
Toni immediately pulled the shirt on over her own, smiling proudly at her, black: “I’m in love with a salesman” shirt and as soon as Steve saw the happiness on his dame’s face, he shucked his own shirt off, pulling on his new favorite shirt. Smiling with pride in his chest as Toni read: “I’m in love with a receptionist”
“Engaged...” Toni said and smiled down at the family heirloom she carried with pride on her left hand.
Steve turned to Bucky, who now laid passed out on the sofa with a frantic Clint hovering over him. Steve’s mind was not able to wrap around the words that just left Strange's lips as he was just now noticing the sudden throbbing in his head. His vision staring to grow fuzzy as Steve brought his hands to the sides of his head, saying: “I don’t..”
The blond nodded his head in thanks, feeling very proud of the emotion he could work up in someone with his artwork. Knowing he drew Toni so beautifully in their moment that someone else saw her as he did. Like the beautiful work of art she was... And of course her
“Clint spit his gum in my hair...” Bucky muttered, holding a handful of his brown hair with a bright purple piece of chewing gum spread through it.
Steve needed to keep her away from Howard, that was his only task. That was the only thing that mattered now. He couldn’t stop what Howard did to her as a child, but he sure as hell could stop it now.
“Oh, I forgot about that..” Toni whispered, looking back down at the details Steve had drawn. Her short brown hair, sticking in every direction, he had captured every small detail of Toni’s habit of running her hands through her hair.
“That, they do.” Steve agreed, watching Toni bend down touching her toes as Bucky leaped over her bent form. Then the dancing duo went right back to spinning each other around the room.
“I promise. What’s up, Rogers?” And with that the blond took his hand off his eyes, smiling at the appearance of Toni standing in front of him. “What?” Toni asked, feeling a blush rise to her cheeks.
-eous..” Steve slurred, taking his hands, and running them all over Toni’s face. “Wh-who made you. Be-cause fuckin’ hell, you ‘ra, a -a gorgeous dame.” He gushed, as he stared at Toni’s face like she was a painting on the wall at the Louvre.
It was a quiet walk down the hallway, and Steve was doing everything he could to not shine his flashlights on Toni’s ass the whole way there.
Steve shrugged his shoulders, his lips drawing up on the left side of his face as he thought about the question that had just left her lips. He set his water bottle down onto the table and turned to face the guys.
“Okay, let's fix that radiator, shall we.” And with that Toni stood to her feet, heading to the hall closet.
“Of course, Toni. You’re a swell gal, you’ve taught me so much already. I never knew I liked learning about mechanics and such until you showed up.”
Steve looked into the black phone, down at his feet, and then whipped the chair around. A smile broke out on his lips as Toni was standing right in front of her desk, setting eight coffee cups on the wooden surface. Looking absolutely perfect in a pocket, black tee-shirt, and simple blue jeans.
With no response, Toni softly patted his chest as she was reminded that Steve was in full on Captain mode. No emotions were ever present in that form, as his normal, warm blue gaze was a cold, steel gray. Toni just flashed her stoic fiancé a soft smile and turned to Clint, muttering: “Let’s go see the idiot.”
“Yeah! They ship me and Toni, Thor and Toni, Nat and me, Clint and I, You and Toni, Thor and Bruce... Anyone you could think of there are people out there who ship it!”
“I draw things, how I seem ‘em,” he told her, placing his right hand over her left as they rested on the table.
And one day, when Steve had the money, he was gonna buy paints. Just like Monet, he was gonna paint what he thought was beautiful and pure. He was gonna paint, Toni.
“Yes, I would. They have done wonderful things for this galaxy. You have blessed them, so why shouldn’t I?”
“Steven..” Toni whispered, turning around in his arms. Bringing her hands to rest on the smaller man's chest.
“I love you,” Toni muttered as Steve placed kisses down her neck, nipping the sensitive skin on her collarbone. The brunette arched her back, pushing her chest and neck towards the smaller man - as if her body was begging for more of his touch.
“Was the massage as good as the ones I give you?” Steve muttered, his blue gaze watching Toni’s lips glisten.
She cleaned up the rest of the eggs and made her way over to Steve. Gently running her hands up and down her lover's firm back, gently smiling as she felt his muscles relax beneath her touch. She wrapped her arms around his waist, pillowing her head on his back.
“Sorry...” Toni whispered to Steve as they crouched down to the ground together, cleaning up the spilled breakfast.
“Ugh,” Toni chuckled as she stole a sip of Steve’s beer, making the shorter man smile. “You act like you’re a hundred years old.”
“Listen to me, Rogers and listen good. Without me, you wouldn’t be living this beautiful life here, you’re
“Nope,” Clint stated, grabbing Toni by her hand, pulling her behind him as they went in the opposite direction. “I know that look, but we have shit to do first. You marry him, then you can fuck his brains out.”
“You’re probably right.” He chuckled at how small the white button-up was. Seeing how much bigger he was now, that was still a shock to him some days. “Well,” he whispered, “it looked better on her anyway.”
I need you to share some of your feelings.” She whispered. “I learned more about your heart in the two months I spent in the ’30s than I have in our years of friendship.”
“We should do that more often.” Natasha sighed, leaning her back against the cool steel of the elevator walls, sounding more relaxed than Toni had ever heard her.
Toni worked as the receptionist and basically kept all the employees in check. If anyone ever needed anything they always went to Toni. Toni knew where everything in the office was, from bulk pens to notes cards and staples. Prices of products?  Toni knew. List of clients? Toni knew.
“Yes, ma’am, no problem.” Bucky threw his dazed best friend a concerned glance and headed for the elevator.
“Why, Captain, I sent her back to... Oh, 1930 something. Your lovely fianceé should be crossing paths with you and Sergeant Barnes any minute now.”
“Before this whole time travel thing, I only painted you, but I wasn’t sure why," Steve whispered. “But, now I remember. In the MoMA, you told me about Monet and how he always painted what was pure, what his heart desired. And for me, that’s not some water lilies... That has and will always be
“Umm, right.. Silly me.” Both Steve and Bucky’s shoulders squared as they sat up straighter in their seats. The men exchanged unsure glances before turning their attention back to Toni.
A beat or two passed before Bucky nodded once more and whispered. “Loud and clear, Stevie. Loud and clear.”
“You made it,” Toni breathed, her lips just barely brushing his own. Making the bigger man press her body tighter against the wall. His burly hands settled on the low of her hips, his thumbs rubbing slow circles on the front of her hip bones. “Th-that’s all that matters.”
Toni pulled him into the living room, grinning from ear to ear. She let go of Bucky’s hands and ran over to the white sheet that covered some large object.
They got back from the movie around five a clock. The pair made their way up the stairs to their apartment, but before they got to the door Toni stopped walking and leaned her arms against the railing - looking out over the under-developed city. Taking in every second this moment offered because before she knew it, it would be gone.
“You can always give me a hand, Toni” Johnny smiled a sultry smirk at the genius, snapping his fingers together. A small flame appeared at the tip of his thumb.
They stood in Steve’s art studio a little longer, holding on to the other and enjoying this moment of raw honesty.
“One?” Steve asked, concealing his inner freak out of holding this much money in his hands at one time.
“No, Steve,” Toni whispered, getting their argument back on topic. “You talk about other people's art.
The soldier followed suit and took a moment to appreciate Toni's flawless appearance today. Her gorgeous, thick thighs were wrapped in tight, black skinny jeans as she donned a cropped, white pocket tee. Her short hair spiky and messy as her lips were painted the classic Toni Stark, red.
“Here, Miss Toni. Let me get this lug off yer chest there.” Bucky offered, moving closer to his dazed best friend.
“It’s the greatest gift I've ever gotten.” Toni took another long glance at the beautiful painting, then turned her attention back to Steve, seeing a wide smile on his lips. “Steve, this... You do know people are gonna see this?”
Her favorite music was country. Toni would never forget seeing Jarvis spin Ana around the living room floor as they danced to:
“Let’s go!” Toni hollered at Clint as she grabbed her phone off the table and barreled her way out of the lab.
Steve would tutor kids some days, and work for Timely comics on the others. Bucky worked eighteen-hour shifts every other day at the mill. So, when he wasn’t working, he spent most of his time sleeping.
“Steve go in, fuck whatever the protocol is. These are your parents, say goodbye the right way.” Toni whispered, kissing the lone tear off her fiancé’s cheek.
.” A groan fell from Steve’s lips, as Clint’s eyes grew wide taking in one of his drawings of his dame.
“Come back to me, Stevie,” Toni prayed over the smaller man's head. Nat threw a questioning look in her direction as Bucky made his way back over to the table with the pizzas in hand.
“We need you both at SHIELD. Reed Richards and Sue Storm are there with the machine and he needs your help, and well... We need Steve to talk to Howard.” Nick told her, a soft smile on his lips.
Toni,” he whispered, holding her sobbing body taunt to his. “I promise you’re safe. I promise, dollbaby.”
“Doll, you would have won those dances as soon as they saw that smile.” Steve grinned down at his future wife.
“Amazing, she’s amazing.” He told Toni’s mother, not being able to stop the smile that graced his lips.
“In the kitchen, heating up some soup Elisa cooked up last night. I’ll go get that crazy bugger.” And with that Daniel left the room, leaving the three of them alone.
He had friends, Bucky being his best friend - who was also a salesman. There was Sam who headed up shipping a couple of floors down, Clint who goofed off in the office more than he sold office supplies. There was Natasha who, well, Steve wasn’t really sure of her title and in his five years here, he was too terrified of her to ask. Coulson was a sales rep from another department and Steve was never sure why his desk was on their floor, but he didn’t care enough to ask.
Knowing that her time here would be ending sooner rather than later and she had to think of a way to break it to Steve. She needed a good enough lie that he would believe. Because she sure as hell couldn’t say, ‘Hey! You become a superhuman, punch Hitler in the face, and then sleep in an ice bath for seventy years. Then you become a part of a super-secret boy-band of superheroes and we fall in love, even though you’re eighty years older than me.’
“I’m okay, really. You should check Steve and Bucky out first...” Toni asked, turning to Daniel. Not missing the look of regret and shame that ran through Bucky’s eyes at the mention of his best friend. “Where is Steve?”
They made their way back to the apartments, Daniel dropping Toni off right at her door, like the gentlemen he was.
“I’m sorry, what does that alarm mean? Why are we taking you out of the dress?” Sarah asked as Pepper began unbuttoning Toni’s gown.
The blond shook his head in disbelief at these so-called parents and shouted: “Who says that about their own daughter?!”
It was as if Steve was trying to share some personal information to make the brunette feel more comfortable as he extended his large hand out for her to shake. Toni responded with a soft smile, meeting his hand with hers. Her smile grew wider as she felt the same comfort rush through her veins as their hands met. Toni couldn’t help but notice the way Steve’s pupils grew, looking down at their interlocked hands.
Steve made his way across the room to sit down beside the brunette. But as he sat down on the bed beside Toni she moved in the opposite direction, scooching away from the smaller man. He couldn’t help the grin that grew on his lips at Toni’s stubborn antics.
“Toni, Van Gogh is...Van Gogh!” He shouted, passion rising to his face as he began talking about art.
“Does he treat her well?" Steve asked softly, Bucky turned to his best friend and flashed him a sad smile.
It was a couple seconds of silence before his dad placed the handkerchief back in his jacket pocket and smiled at Steve.
“I swear to God, Stark. I will kick your ass one of these days.” The man laughed as he stretched his arm across the room grabbing a tool, he needed off the work bench.
They finished making their way through the museum, hand in hand, as Steve shared facts about the artists. Loving the smile on Toni’s face as he pointed out details in their work. Loving the fact that he could be so open with one of his greatest passions and have someone love them right with him.
“He definitely wasn’t expecting me,” Toni laughed through her tears, smiling as Sarah pulled back from their embrace, taking the brunette’s face in her hands.
“Oh yeah, he talks about you guys all the time. You two mean the world to him. He visits your grave sites every week, just to update you guys on what’s going on in his life.”
his voice was lower than it had been a minute ago as his brain was hyper-focused on that memory of him and the love of his life.
Steve finally got to figure out where his best girl disappeared too on the third Wednesday of every month… and now, he got to go with her.
“I think Steve is in love with you.” The brunette just laughed, watching the smile that grew on the older man’s face. “But you knew that, didn’t you?”
Steve and Toni finally adjust to their life back in the present, opening up to the other in a way they never have before. Fears, feelings and broken pieces laid out bare for the other to see, to love and stitch back together.
“Steve,” Toni muttered as she realized her fiancé couldn’t even bear for Toni to hold him, he didn’t wanna show emotions or seem weak, in
“Where did my shy Steve go?” Toni asked with a smile on her lips as the bigger man's lips dropped back down to his love bites on her neck.
Pepper and Natasha paid for all the decorations, while Bucky and Clint covered the food. Toni and Steve reassured them they had it covered, with Steve’s seventy years of back pay and Toni’s billions. But they wanted to treat their best friends to their most important day.
Toni wasn’t quite sure what he meant to say, but it definitely wasn’t anything to do with Howard and Maria Stark. Because her parents died in 1999, there was
“I’m afraid I cannot, brother, she should be back in a week's time though. No worries, Lady Stark will be in great company.”
“So... You fixed the heater huh?” Bucky interjected. Toni nodded her head, as she chewed another mouth full of noodles.
The two superheroes stayed true to tradition of not seeing each other twenty-four hours before the wedding. So, last night Steve bunked with Bucky on his floor, and Toni with Clint. But, not before Clint got a quick talking to from Steve about letting him share a bed with his fiancée. That of course had Bucky and Toni on the floor laughing as they watched Clint’s face run pale at a threat from Captain America.
As if it was a reflex, Steve chucked Toni’s stapler right at the back of the brunet. Glaring at his friend as Bucky walked back to his desk, laughing. Completely un-phased by Steve’s glare or flying stapler.
“You too, Pa.” Bucky smiled and pointed to Clint. “Stevie ain’t the only one with a partner, that’s my fella, Clint. Clint this is ma and pa.”
Toni had started at Fury Inc about two years ago, her father owning Stark Industries - the biggest office/paper/everything supplier in the United States - she took a job with Fury Inc instead.
Toni would be so proud of him for finally joining the Army and she wouldn’t give a rats ass about his new muscles. Though she would probably enjoy that he could toss her around better now, and it would be nice to not have to stop right in the middle of the act so Steve could catch his breath.
The team didn’t know it, but the next two questions that came would start an outbreak between the fans.
“Don’t worry about it, Tones. Stevie can’t get enough of you. He’s pretty possessive of his dame.” Bucky reassured her with a soft smile.
“Sweetheart, they’re saying they wanna hang out with just you. They want some guy time.” Toni said, smiling at her clueless fiancé.
“Okay, stay here. Don’t move Tones, I’ll get him and we’ll get you home safe, alright?” Toni nodded her head as Bucky placed Steve’s jacket around her shoulders. “Don’t move.” He said softly, his blue eyes flashing her a soft and comforting look before he ran over to his dumb ass of a best friend exchanging punches with a man three times his size.
Toni threw her arms around the older man's neck and cried. She cried because she was finally home, she cried because she didn’t realize just how much she’d missed the man she called her father. Toni cried even as she felt the central air conditioning on her skin. Although she sure did miss that smell of Bucky and Steve’s apartment.
“You really don’t.” Toni shook her head. “And looking back, from the moment we became friends... You were always focused on me, and my emotions, my troubles. I remember asking you about the past one night, even about your parents and you flipped the conversation back onto me, without me even noticing.” Steve pulled himself up, and out of the bed.
“Oh shut up, I’ve heard the gossip around the tower. And you, Steven Rogers, are the king of dirty talk. Well, so says a little spider.” Steve glanced at his fianceé, who rested in his lap watching as the grin grow on her face.
“You do realize we’ve both officially made out with Steve’s fianceé?” Clint asked his boyfriend. Making Bucky tilt his head to the left, a cocky smile appearing on his lips.
“You like The Impressionist?” Steve asked softly, almost in shock of Toni knowing anything about art.
So caught up in watching the relief that flooded the older couple and counting the similarities of Joe and Steve. Toni didn’t even notice she had been playing with her engagement ring until she saw Joseph’s eyes grow wide as he stared at her left hand.
“Gentlemen, let us calm down. It is just a game after all,” Thor said, with a deep chuckle leaving his lips.
“You told me, ‘Water Lilies’ by Monet was your favorite. While I’m no Monet I wanted to give you your own version of it.” Steve pointed to the painting. “So, here ya go, ‘White Roses’ by Steve Rogers.”
They laid in each other's arms, sex forgotten as Steve shared his dreams for his future. He dreamed of being in the Army but told Toni if they were gonna have a family he knew it would be safer to have a desk job.
Steve wrote his last letter to Toni right before they stormed their last Hydra base, he cried because he knew he wasn’t gonna make it back from this mission. He’d promised her they’d be together and he knew wasn’t gonna be able to make that happen.
“Hey! Enough, let’s just fix this machine.” Toni said, looking between the two men. “I have a wedding to get to.”
He turned around with a soft smile and said: “I just. I feel like I’ve known you forever, Toni.. There’s just something comfortable between us and I don’t know how to read it..”
“I’ll have you know mister, this is the most clothing I’ve ever worn before to seduce a man. But, this happens to be my favorite reaction.”
“New beginnings, marriage,” Toni whispered, smiling down as she held the three roses so delicately in her hand.
Sarah squealed, throwing her arms in the air as she ran across the hallway to embrace the taller brunette. “My boys!” She whispered, as she hugged Bucky tight. “Lost an arm?” She asked, pulling back from her hug, looking at the brunette.
Toni made her way to the penthouse floor, to see Clint, Bucky, and Sam already awake, as her super-soldier was still unconscious.
Now he didn’t only think about laying Toni down on his bed, bringing her pleasure with his lips and tongue till her beautiful body was trembling under his touch. Her perfect lips just begging for him.
“Why Steven, it sounds like you know a lot about my daughter.” Howard countered, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Positive,” the man said, taking his wife into his arms. “Get back to your girl, it’s colder out here tonight than normal.”
Steve just needed to ask Howard questions about his time period, get a date and get out of there. But all his mind could think about was killing that son of a bitch, for what he did to Toni her whole life.
“I get jealous..” He muttered, releasing Toni’s hands, rolling off her body to bury his face into one of their pillows.
“WinterIron - you and Bucky, WinterHawk - me and Bucky. Stucky - Steve and Bucky.” Bucky let a gagging sound escape his lips, as Clint rolled his eyes and continued. “And Stoni - You and Steve.”
“I love you,” he whispered, placing a fierce kiss on her lips, as his hands followed the actions of his lips and moved with urgency, claiming every part of her body they touched.
Toni whispered. “I wanna thank you both.. You picked me up from the ground of an alley and gave me a home..
“Yeah, but I can settle on three or four.” He said confidently as he went back to kissing the brunette's neck.
“I..”  Toni looked up at Steve, seeing his blue eyes watery with unshed tears. She felt her facial features soften as he continued speaking.
As they made their way to the bedroom, Steve grabbed a hold of his bride, pulling her waist flush to his.
Steve turned away from Bucky, making his way to the door at the end of the long hallway. He took a deep breath as he grabbed the handle, plastering a fake smile on his face.
“Yep. Yep, just dandy,” Toni told him, turning her attention to the black notebook that sat in front of her. “Can I?” Her hand resting on the leather-bound cover.
“Fuck, okay. I’m on my way.” Toni rushed out of her office, hollering to her PA as she dashed towards the Avengers private elevator.
“No, she’s mine. Mine only.” He told them, burying his face in Toni’s hair. “You and Clint need to cut that out.”
“That would require us actually seeing Steve for more than fifteen minutes.” Bucky chuckled, reading his newspaper.
Toni took in his appearance, his hair was black as night, while his eyes shone a bright green, and not a natural green either. A vibrant green, almost like the kind of eyes you would see on a robot. His bone structure was immaculate, but at the same time, it was almost like he had no fat on his face. The only thing thick on this man was his bushy eyebrows and a thick mustache.
Toni smirked, as she looked at the younger blond. Johnny never failed to flirt with her no matter the present company. Mid battle with aliens, middle of a conference at SHIELD, or even at a dinner with the Avengers. That man's first instinct was to flirt with Toni, and she didn’t hate it either.
“Which one of them hit ya?” Bucky asked, his eyes running across the gash on her cheek. Toni shook her head in response, not knowing when or how the cut had gotten on her cheek.
“Hang around this area. We might need a ride home,” Toni told him, watching Steve grin at the shock that was on the cabby's face.
The group of heroes were escorted out of the building and into the suburban that waited for them behind the arena.
As they made their way outside Toni saw the tall blond man and a shorter buddy of his leaning against the brick wall. As if they were just waiting for them.
I just noticed that this chapter is named 'eight 'and it's the eighth chapter. This was not planned, I just pick random phrases or important dialogue and say, 'oof, that's a good chapter name' so, here we are.
“So, can anyone just fuck in the castle?” Bucky asked, setting his elbows onto his knees as he rested his face into his hands. His curiosity grew with every word the god spoke.
“Toni is. I want my parents to meet Toni...” His grip on his fiancée tightening, as he informed the shorter man.
His blue eyes flicker up to her brown ones as he smiled. “Toni..” He whispered back, his face slowly leaning in. Her lashes fluttering closed, feeling Steve’s warm breath on her lips.
“Fuck you, Howard.” Toni spoke as a dark chuckle left her lips. “You’re a good for nothing, piece of shit. The only good thing you ever did for me was make it possible for Steve to still be alive today.”
“Steve...” Toni groaned as she opened her eyes, frantically looking around the room she was in. With a couple of flutters of her eyelashes, she soon recognized it as their penthouse bedroom, laying on her and Steve's navy blue comforter and blood-red sheets.
“Steve - ” Toni pushed the smaller man back on the bed. His back hitting the blue blanket, knocking the air out of his chest. Steve’s eyes grew wide as she crawled on top of him, her bare legs straddling his waist. “ -You are beautiful. You are more than some bulging muscles or broad shoulders... Steve.”
by The Statler Brothers. Toni grew to love that song and many more, as it reminded her of Jarvis and Ana’s love. She promised herself when she was eight years old that when she was older she would sing that song to her kids as their lullaby, just like Jarvis and Ana did for her. Seeing this old record player reminded Toni of just that. As soon as she got back to the future, she was gonna introduce Steve to that song, and tell him just how much it meant to her.
Every third Wednesday the two took off and made their way upstate to visit Toni’s substitute father: Edwin Jarvis. They spent the day cooking, baking, trading stories, listening to his words of wisdom, and eating some delicious food. And yeah, every Thursday when they got back to work, the office was a disaster.
He wanted to erase his whole computer just so she could teach him everything he already knows. Steve would do anything to sit there and smile at her as she ‘taught' him how to erase his history and clear cookies and cache from his computer.
“I’ve told you all you boys need to know. Just sit tight, we will have you back to normal by the end of the day.” Toni stepped out of the elevator to see four teenage boys, who looked way too much like her fiancé and teammates.
“You’re very welcome, Lady Stark. Please, do let me know if you are ever interested, you are always welcome in Asgard. And I can say as the god of Fertility you would not go unsatis --”
Bucky placed a kiss onto Toni’s cheek, muttered a quick thanks, and went to clean up the mess that was his haircut before heading over to his desk to finish up his work.
Neither of them noticed Steve make his way into the house, and freeze as he watched his two best friends begin to yell and scream at one another.
“At least wait till you’re in the bedroom to undress, son!” Jarvis yelled, a chuckle on his lips as he watched Steve tear down the hall.
“What?” Toni squealed as Steve pulled his body off the top of hers, laying down beside the brunette instead. “Steve, are you a virgin?”
“She’s gorgeous, no disrespect ma’am,” Bucky said, turning to face the redhead. Natasha snorted and turned back to face Toni.
Steve wanted to take Toni to an ice-skating rink and hold her hand as they did laps around the rink, just enjoying the company of the other. He wanted to take her out to central park with a picnic basket and layout on a blanket, enjoying the springtime in New York City.
“For the last time,” Toni chuckled as her fork stabbed a piece of soy sauce-coated broccoli. “We are not your parents, and don’t you have a boyfriend to be dry humping in a closet somewhere?”
But just before he could claim her lips as his own, he was pulled away by the back of his jacket by none other than his father and Pepper Potts.
“No matter what you look like, Steve Rogers --” Any air that he had regained in his chest was now gone as he felt Toni’s small, rough hands on his bare skin. Her lips began placing soft kisses on his neck, as she whispered: “I’ll always want
“I’m alright, I’m safe. You kept me safe, Steve,” she whispered as he rested his head against her chest. Toni wrapped her arms around his back, holding the smaller man up. It was much easier to do when he was ninety pounds versus two-hundred and forty pounds.
When she felt the warm air of their apartment settle across her skin and the comforting smell of Steve and Bucky. Toni knew she was home and safe. The slightly musty smell along with the mix of old wood and leather. That smell had become home. Her home.
“Steven Grant Rogers,” she whispered, as her hands ran up his frail chest, taking his face into her hands. “You’re the most handsome man I’ve ever seen. Not to mention the kindest, smartest, most stubborn human being I’ve ever met.”
“I would love to!..” Toni paused and reminded herself she only wanted to see his art if he was ready to show her. “Only if you’re comfortable with me seeing them. I know what they mean to you, Steve.”
I will be updating tomorrow!! I won't leave y'all to stew on this!! But, as I was going over the chapter I was like.. hmm I feel like being evil and wanted to leave a small cliffhanger hehe.
And by the looks of it, Toni had a great future to look forward too if Steve continued to age like his father.
God, Steve knew he had married a beautiful, breathtaking woman. But it was moments like these that he was reminded Toni was everything he didn’t deserve. That he had somehow, by only God’s divine intervention, ended up with the most beautiful, stubborn, perfect woman to ever walk in this galaxy.
Their flashlights were forgotten to the floor, shining up somehow illuminating their two figures perfectly.
So, instead of getting dressed for her wedding in four hours - no, she had to go deal with her dead parents instead. Well, that’s what every girl wants to hear on her wedding day.
Just as Bucky went to pull Steve away from the bigger man, to drag the blond and Toni home and away from all this chaos the opposing man spit blood onto Steve’s face and shouted: “Oh, gimme a break. This no-good little fucker can’t take care of a woman like that. Let me have her an you gentlemen can carry on about yer night.”
They held each other close, Toni knowing what her fiancé would be experiencing in the next four years of his life and she wanted to comfort him as much as she could right now. Knowing he would be losing his best friend, he would witness men die all around him, while he himself took the lives of the enemy. Steve would be going through such a life change and Toni hated that he had to do it by himself.
“Good? It was amazing. Godlike. Marvelous.” Steve smiled, flipping the genius over onto her back.  “Unbelievable. Breathtaking. Oh, Toni..”
Toni spent her days going through the neighborhood fixing broken appliances, sewing machines, radiators, and radios. Anything they could get their hands on. Sometimes in exchange for cash, but mainly homemade dinners and clothing.
“Thank you,” Toni whispered. Her grin grew even wider as she watched the shock rush across the bigger man's face. “Thank you for trying to bring Daniel back for me, that’s the greatest wedding present.”
“Interesting,” Toni muttered, for some reason, the name Doom and Latveria sounded eerily familiar to her.
Steve thought about her as he was injected with the serum. As he screamed in pain all he thought about were those beautiful brown eyes that filled his heart with peace.
Toni turned away from the older man and saw Steve with the biggest grin she’d ever seen on his face. Pride bubbling in his chest as his blue eyes were filled with awe.
“Yep, you’re my little jitterbug.” Toni smiled up at the super soldier and laid her head back against his shoulder.
plz I love roses and had to self-indulge a bit here bc they're my favorite flower. (basic I know, but pay attention to the meaning of them. That circles back around.)
“Yep, that’s true.” Bucky turned the door handle. Both men awaiting the frigid air of their apartment. Only to be greeted with a wave of warmth, and the smell of pasta hitting their nostrils.
“So, does this mean we can all go home?” Nebula asked, looking over at Coulson who was doing paperwork with his very own flashlight.
“Sorry, sorry,” Steve apologized softly and went back to eating his slice of pepperoni pizza. Pretending he wasn’t interested in the conversation that was about to unfold.
“Steve’s way too possessive to share Toni anyways, he could never be in a triad,” Bucky informed the group. “He couldn’t handle her snuggling up to Clint during movie night. There’s no way he could let someone else fuck his girl.”
“We love you, son,” Fury breathed, placing one last kiss onto Toni’s temple. Steve froze in shock at the kind words that left Fury’s mouth. He had never, not once imagined Nick Fury would ever say something like
“Yep, always fun to spin a dame around a dance floor. Or in our case a gym or kitchen floor.” Bucky said, stealing a sip of Sam’s soda.
“I’m not afraid of you, Howard. Not anymore.” Toni took a step closer, closing the gap between them as she slightly looked up at her ‘father’.
I hope y'all enjoyed this chapter!! I can't wait to update the rest!! We get to see Toni and Steve acclimating back to 2014 together! (aka small angst)
Plus, the floral lace reminded her of her and Steve and all their memories and stories with white roses.
“Have a good time, and may I say, sir.” Steve turned to look at the older man, an eyebrow raised, prepared for a dumb-ass remark. “That’s a beautiful gal on your arm.”
“Thank you, sir. A pleasure to work on such a beautiful piece.” Toni told him, smiling as Daniel grabbed the tool bag from her hands.
It all happened so fast. Toni couldn’t even blink before she was pushed against the door. His lips pressed to hers for only a moment before she shoved the bigger man off. Gathering her breath back as the taller man did the same.
Toni hadn’t been long getting back from the bridal shop, having her last fitting for her gown, as their big day was approaching in the next week.
in her dress. He had been talking to Sam and Clint, but as soon as she stepped off that elevator his feet were moving before he could even realize it.
“I don’t know... But for some reason, I have a memory of seeing a passed-out Toni Stark in the alley beside the theater in 1938...” And with that Bucky brought his hands up to his temples, closing his eyes. “What is
“Steve, if I don’t make my way back in the next couple of weeks, he’ll send people for me. I can’t tell you how many times he’s told me this world isn't the place for a single woman.” A part of Toni was speaking the truth, knowing she’d lost count of how many times Howard told her that she wasn’t worth anything as a woman. That she was weak and a pathetic excuse of the Stark name. Toni washed her mind of her toxic father's words and watched as Steve shook his head in disbelief.
“Oh.. right.” Steve smiled and kissed Toni’s lips, running his large hands over her body, as if he was burning it to his memory. Steve placed soft, slow kisses down her neck, collarbone, and chest taking his sweet time. Leaving behind tiny bruises of evidence from his lips, electing sweet, sultry moans from his dame’s own lips.
“Your wish is my command.” Steve flashed her a wide smile and then followed her down the hallway, flashlights in hand as they made their way to the supply closet.
” Toni whispered, taking the distraught man's face into her hands. “This isn’t goodbye, Steven. I promise you.”
“Pizza sounds great, boys. That alright with you two?” Toni asked the Brooklyn boys as they made their way into the kitchen.
Toni couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled in her throat as she heard the room of tipsy heroes bust out in laughter at Steve’s ‘private’ question.
“Well, what about some ice cream?” Toni suggested, grabbing the tiny Steve’s attention from Thor’s arms around her waist.
“I just happened to drop in, that is all. I also heard you and your team discussing the time your Captain and Sergeant Barnes once lived... Sounds
Steve grinned, standing to his feet as he felt his heart rate rising to a dangerous level. Knowing the JARVIS in his phone would alert Toni if it rose past a certain number, his mind reminded him Toni would be sprinting heer as soon as she got the alert, so this had to be quick.
“It’s okay, you’ll be alright. You can stay here until you get in touch with some family,” Steve said, walking closer to the panicking brunette. “We got ya, doll. I promise it’ll be alright.”
“Aren’t you special,” Toni muttered into her microphone. The room breaking out in low giggles at the genius’ comment.
“I love you more,” Steve mumbled, sealing her lips back in another kiss. Their hands roaming the other's body as if they were searching for something only the other could satisfy.
He liked selling office supplies, he had a long list of steady clients and had a silver tongue when it came to talking to someone over the phone. Now, it was safe to say he was the opposite when it came to face to face.
“A Norse goddess.” Toni whispered, staring at Thor and Loki in surprise. “Freyr is goddess of sex, love, beauty, war and fertility.”
“I love it,” Toni told the room. “It’ll look great in the living room unless you wanna take it to your floor?”
“Hey, hey,” Steve whispered, bringing the brunette's attention back to his face. He smiled as he took in her lust-blown pupils and listened to the heavy, uneven breaths that left her mouth.
Steve was a very handsome man, tall, stocky, defined muscles as working out was one of his biggest hobbies, besides painting and drawing of course. He wore thick, round, black glasses that popped on his pale, Irish skin and with his bleach, natural blond hair. He was a very handsome man, just very shy. He kept to himself and would talk with some people in the office, small talk at the water cooler, or at the table in the break room.
“I’m going in case the big blond decides to try and kill Howard.” Bucky informed them, then pointed to Clint and said: “He’s going so you don’t kill Reed Richards.”
“Go, I’ll be okay.” Toni smiled as Bucky wrapped his arm around his taller brother's shoulder and flashed Toni a smile.
When they got to the art part of the museum was when the fun began. Steve pulled Toni around the room commenting on the brush strokes, the types of paint, the focal points, changes in direction, and the meaning behind it all. Pointing out the delicate detail in Van Gogh’s work, and mesmerized by the colors of Manet’s landscapes. But when they got to Monet, Steve froze. Watching this time, Toni’s face as she looked at her most favorite piece of art. He watched the wonder in her brown eyes, as she took in the beauty that was ‘The Water Lily Pond’.
“Babydoll,” Steve let out a pained groan as he cried into the smaller woman's neck. Tears streamed down his cheeks, trailing their way down Toni’s neck as his face was buried tight against her skin. The room was quiet as they all watched the lovers exchange.
By the end of the gum incident, Bucky had a pretty good haircut going on. Toni had done a nice job shaving the sides, leaving him a little length on top. He looked pretty good, for a victim of a gum accident.
“Wanna take off your clothes now?” She asked, her teeth nibbling at his earlobe. Using all the strength he had in his lythe body, he flipped Toni onto her back, raising a giggle from her lips.
Now this, this was a kiss. Kissing Steve Rogers was like taking an addictive substance. The way his lips took charge, almost instantly dominating her own. Guiding her lips in his own soft, safe, and sensual fashion. It was like a calming rain that washed over her anytime she was in his embrace, his kiss was like coming home.
It was nothing like either had ever experienced before and now never wanted to go without - from this day forward.
“Dum-E if you don’t stop rolling around with that fire extinguisher, I swear you’re going to live on Clint and Bucky’s floor and your new job is gonna be cleaning their bathroom!”
“Oh.” Steve took another sip from his water bottle. “I figured you and I would go catch a movie and get some pizza.” He placed a wet kiss on Toni's lips, wiggled his eyebrows suggestively, and said: “Them come back here and Netflix and Chill.”
“Can you and Bucky go ten minutes without picking on each other?” Steve laughed as the genius remained silent. “That’s what I thought.” He carried his fianceé over to the kitchen table and sat her down in a chair, saying: “Behave.”
The smile that grew on Steve’s lips was a smile Toni would never forget. How had she never told Steve about her love for the Impressionist movement before? Steve talked about his art all the time, and Toni just listened. Loving how passionate he was about it, never wanting to interrupt. God, when she got back home she was gonna sit and talk with Steve about her favorite Monet paintings.
“Ah, Toni. You’re a wonderful gal, the daughter I never had,” he said, placing another kiss on her temple.
“How?” Toni asked, standing to her feet, arms crossed over her chest as she walked over the chaotic couple. “How did this happen?”
“You made sure she knew that didn’t you? When you beat her every day since she was just three years old! Didn’t you, you fucking piece of shit!”
He would be the perfect dad and Toni would have a hundred kids if it meant having them with Steve Rogers.
“Hello. Dr. Richards, ma’am.” The older man said, a very thick northern European accent falling off his lips.
“Yes, thank you," Toni and Bucky walked arm and arm, showing the older couple out the front door. "Danny, I’ll see you tomorrow, and thank you Elisa for the dinners.”
“After breakfast, you and I need to talk..” Toni whispered into his cotton tee, feeling his fingers tap the back of her hand that rested on his abs. He whispered back:
“I can and I will,”  Steve stated confidently, throwing his jacket back to Bucky. “I’m not afraid of ya.”
Natasha whispered, the smaller blond nodded his head and moved his fingers over his lips, like a zipper.
Toni made her way out of the apartment, holding the ticket in her hands. She took a deep breath and opened their apartment door, to reveal a pacing Steve Rogers.
“Are you sure? Fury was supposed to get that shelf fixed two weeks ago, it’s not very stable.” The stubborn brunette ignored him and as he reached for her hips, muttering: “Toni, let me.” The shaky shelf decided to crumble.
more during the war. He used that notebook to reminisce on moments shared with Toni both in public and
“I do.” She nodded to the younger man. “Monet is my favorite. But Mary Cassat, Seurat, and Manet are also phenomenal. I don’t know much, but I know a lot about The Impressionist movement. Van Gogh is overrated if you ask me.”
After several minutes had passed, Steve’s laughter had finally died down and he wiped the tears from his eyes. Taking long, deep breaths bringing air back into his chest. His fianceé sat on his chest, mildly amused at his laughing fit.
“I promised her and.. I- Peggy find her, find Toni and tell her.. Tell her I love her.. Tell her she’s the only one I’ve ever wanted.. Tell her..
“You’re a very handsome man, Steve Rogers,” Toni whispered as if she was lost in the trance that was Steve’s ocean eyes. A smirk drew up the right side of his face and he softly shook his head.
Steve just groaned as he got a warning glare from Pepper, watching the fierce redhead pull Toni away, leading her to greet some guests.
“I agree… So, no more handsome men touching you?” Steve whispered meekly, looking down at Toni, his full, blond eyelashes fluttering against his cheeks.
“The life this team leads..” Steve turned his attention to the older British man as he sat on the sofa watching Stephen Strange hover in mid-air. The doctor's head twisting and turning as he searched the multiverses using the time stone, looking for their resident genius.
The taller brunet rubbed the back of his neck and shrugged his shoulders, saying: “She’s real pretty...” Steve and Toni laughed as they watched a slight blush rush Bucky’s cheeks.
He whispered. Nodding her head softly, Toni felt herself fall into the smaller man's comforting, safe embrace as tears poured down her face.
“Yes, Captain,” Edwin asked as he looked over Natasha’s shoulder at the black sketchbook.“Why does the green notebook mean so much to you?”
As they were all finishing up their bowls of ice cream, Bruce made his way into the kitchen with four test tubes.
“A sheet?” Bucky asked, scratching his head, a small smile appearing on his lips as he said: “Thanks, Tones.”
Toni reached down to her metal leg, opening one of the small compartments, and pulled the ring out with a smile as she dropped it in Steve’s hand.
“Nope, Steven Rogers is a stand-up dude.” Natasha’s eyes grew in surprise, as Toni continued: “I know, I was shocked too. The first time he gave me a massage I was waiting for the wandering hand or for him to start macking on my neck, but it never came. After about an hour after he began massaging my back, he just snuggled up beside me and we went to sleep.”
You're allowed to be angry with Toni and Bucky, but don't hold it against them. It gets explained, have grace for my confused Bucky baby.
Well, as it turned out once the Steve and Clint chase ended, Coulson was standing there waiting to hand them both the shirts he had made. Smiling proudly as he said. “Two down, none to go.”
Once Toni had figured out her problem with the connection of the leg it was smooth sailing from there. Though there were days when Toni’s thigh was too sore to wear the prosthetic, she normally spent those cuddled up in bed. The first time that happened, Steve freaked out running to Bucky for advice. Only to have Bucky and Clint sit him down and talk to him about depression after a major life change like this. Bucky then called Sam into the room, to give more of a professional take on it.
“Toni..” Steve whispered, dragging his eyes away from her supple breasts and black brazier. He saw the smile grow on his genius's face as she noticed his gaze. “This doesn’t change a damn thing, Toni... I wanna know why it’s here, but you can tell me that later. You’re still the most gorgeous woman I’ll ever lay my eyes on.” He took Toni’s hands into his and placed a kiss on her lips. “Beautiful..”
Toni dressed in the black and white checkered-a-line dress and applied a coat of red lipstick to her plump lips. Just as she tied the apron around her waist she heard Steve knocking on the door.
“Can someone tell me again how we got roped into Comic-Con?” Sam muttered as half the team of the Avengers was gathered backstage, as they waited for their names to be called for a Q&A session. “We aren’t comic book characters; we are real-life superheroes!”
It was like his lips had taken all the breath from her body, leaving her lungs desperate for something only Steve could provide. “I love you,
“That’s not true, Toni.” His broad back and shoulders were toward her as he stared at their closed bathroom door.
“I thought you guys had another hour left of Q&A?” Happy asked, as Steve helped Toni into the car, closing the door behind him. Thor and Clint in the back seats. Bucky, Toni, and Steve were in the middle row, and Sam sat shotgun beside Happy.
“She’s the only one on the team who’s figured out how to get you out of your feral moods Steve,” Natasha interjected, dusting the crumbs from her pizza off on a napkin.
And later on, Toni leaned over his shoulder, showing him how to move a file on his computer. Her chest brushing his shoulder as one of her hands rested over top his, showing him where to drag his mouse and drop the file.
Steve watched Toni swallow down her next words, his gaze running down Steve’s neck, taking in the sight of the wide expanse of his shoulders. Steve felt the air leave his chest as her hands ran painfully slow up his abdomen, meeting the other around his neck. Pulling the bigger man impossibly closer.
“Antonia, I may be old, but I’m not dumb. Just promise me, you’ll look after them. Whoever they may be.” Toni nodded her head, still in shock at this man’s words.
“Yours, Steve.” She whispered, her breathing slightly erratic at the animalistic actions of her fiancé.
“Sweetheart?” She heard the panicked voice of her loving fiancé as he ran over to her side, his hand resting on her shoulder as the other one held his pancake battered covered spatula.
This is NOT the last story of Steve and Toni! I have SO much more planned for these two!! Thanks for reading!! Y'all are amazing
“They’ll be beautiful, and very stubborn too. Don’t let Steven lie to you, he was always getting into trouble as a kid.” Joseph told her, a fond smile on his lips.
He sat in a black wooden chair at the kitchen island, watching Bucky and Toni dance the Jive around the kitchen floor to ‘
“My question is for Sam,” The young girl asked. A smile widened on her bright pink lips as her attention was solely focused on the Falcon.
They’d just gotten back to the tower around eight. After their day at the spa, the two heroes were relaxed and ready to cuddle up with a glass of wine and a sappy movie.
“You damn right, because if I have to listen to Steve Rogers whine about not being married to you yet, I’m gonna kill us all.”
Toni groaned at the words that just fell off her fiancé’s lips. He needed to stop hanging out with Clint. Toni didn’t even know how the archer was so up-to-date on today's slang, but he needed to stop teaching it to the super soldiers in the tower.
He nodded his head, a sigh falling from his lips as he whispered: “Thank you... For all of this..” His gaze flickering down to her lips.
“I don’t remember..” The smaller man said moving closer to her. “Toni, you are... You’re the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen..”
“What the fuck is happening?” Steve groaned, bringing his hands to his temples. Watching the two brunettes smiling at each other from across the table. Bucky leaned his elbows on the table and smirked.
Toni was very glad Bucky would be behind that two-way mirror when Steve spoke to Howard. She was very afraid of what Steve would say and do to the man that she sadly called her father.
“I couldn’t... I..” Toni looked towards the smaller man in concern. She knew the two men could barely keep food on the table to feed themselves, how the heck were they gonna take care of her?!
Toni smiled as she watched him swallow down his water, the way his throat bobbed, and how he licked his lips. His tongue grabbing the missed water droplets off his bottom lip after placing the water down on the table. God, even half the size Steve was still fucking gorgeous. The sunkenness of his cheekbones. The brightness of his beautiful blue eyes. His slender frame was as beautiful as his broad shoulders. Two very different looks. But, both equally beautiful.
Bucky and Steve had just left the theater after another failed double date. But, before they headed home, Steve wanted to make a quick stop off at the bookshop to look for a gift for his ma’s birthday.
“You’re alright my darling, you’re home.” She heard the deep, soothing British tone she grew up finding all her comfort in. “Sergeant Barnes has been awake for several hours now. The Dr. said something about how your Steven still had a little more of his past to live through before he awoke.” Edwin flashed her a reassuring smile. “Sergeant Barnes has been with Clint sharing stories, and your soldier should be awaking any--”
“Ah, young love. Well, we will let you young ones get to your supper, have a good night. But not too much fun, no babies until after you're married!” Elisa said and Steve couldn’t help the snort that left his nose. Seeing the shocked look on Toni’s face and hearing Bucky choke on his own breath.
“I can’t promise that.” Bucky shook his head no, eyes watching Clint maneuvering Toni’s hips, blocking every part of his body from Bucky’s gaze.
“I don’t know why you ruined that, I wanted him to lay one on Steve so I could see Steve blush as red as a tomato.”
“Fuck off, Barnes,” and with that Toni went back to kissing her super-soldier, on her couch, in her tower.
“I was thinking, Charades?” Toni suggested knowing her Steve loved to play charades, even if he was awful at it.
Quickly shaking her head, Toni figured she would do what Toni Stark does best. She would figure it out, she always did.
“You liked that, huh?” Toni asked, her eyes darkening as she turned to look up at the blond super soldier that now stood over her shoulder. Steve smiled, admiring his drawing of the two of them in the middle of his bed.
“Right, don’t say shit ‘round Toni. My bad…” Steve groaned as Bucky cussed again without even noticing it. With that, a rush of awkwardness rushed through the room.
“Topic change! Anybody please! Anything!” Clint yelled over Steve’s voice, turning his attention back to the blushing genius.
“Huh?” Toni asked, eyes flashing with confusion as Coulson just walked away. Steve quickly shook his head, muttering through his candy-filled lips.
God, Steve looked just like his dad. The same strong jaw line, the bold blue eyes, the almost perfect nose. Toni never realized how much she looked like his father, or how their features were almost identical.
“Alright,” Reed muttered. “Let’s go.” The grumbling scientist followed the superheroes down the SHIELD hallway.
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Toni smirked, making both men spit out their drinks. Neither one of them expected those words to leave her mouth. Bucky wiped his lips with the sleeve of his dark shirt. Then reached over, patting his coughing best friend on the back.
“And I would be chosen to participate in this monthly fuck?” Toni asked, her left eyebrow arched in curiosity.
His more than generous donations to hospitals all across New York meant that he could get Steve full access to Peggy’s hospital room, which the Captain would continuously expressed his gratitude for.
He shifts in the bed, maneuvering himself awkwardly onto his back, struggling a bit since there’s a human octopus currently latched onto his side.
The first one was a still image from their site, Steve in a tiny pair of boxers and slicked up with oil. The second one was him in a more compromising position, on his knees while he was getting plowed by one of their other actors. The next one was of Steve inside his apartment.
He slips a second finger in his ass, impatient now as he starts to move them and stretch himself open, a constant stream of pleasured noises spilling over his tongue. He bites down on his lip to keep quiet, remembering that he’s in a public place right now and anybody walking by would be able to hear him, but Tony isn't having it.
Tony spent his morning fiddling on his StarkPad, working on new inventions and consuming an endless stream of coffee, courtesy of his favorite artificially encrypted butler.
Steve stumbles shirtless into the living room, fresh out of the shower and starts rooting through the laundry basket to find a clean shirt.
Steve slowly massaged the area, working his palm across the firm muscle and sending tingles of hot electricity all over his skin.
Steve’s glad that Tony was looking at his face, because the amount of blood rushing south from just a touch was embarrassing.
The sound of clapping snapped the blond out of his stupor, and Steve glanced up to see Tony applauding him.
“Kidding! Well, sort of. I did go to jail, but Rhodey bailed me out before sunrise.” He explained, as if that made his arrest negligible. “It’s just spiced rum. Promise.”
Tony gives a guttural moan as Steve’s ass clamps down on him like a vice, holding out just long enough to fuck the blond through his orgasm before he finishes, hips twitching with every pulsing spurt before finally collapsing on top of Steve, spent and exhausted.
They both shared a grin at that, and took a few more sips from the quickly emptying flask. After a few moments of lingering silence, Tony spoke up once again, determined to find at least one crack in the Captain’s chastity belt.
Steve moves a hand over Tony’s shoulder, fingertips grazing his sides on their trail towards the curve of his hip. He feels Tony’s own erection starting to press against his thigh, and it’s a relief to know that he’s not the only one who’s riled up right now.
The armor had taken most of the impact as the pavement shattered beneath him into big chunks of rock, leaving a vaguely Iron Man shaped imprint in the ground when he finally came to a stop.
“No problem. Running a multi-billion dollar company is pretty time consuming.” He said, adding as Pepper arched an eyebrow. “Not that I would know considering you were practically running the business even before I signed it over.”
Tony scoffed, but there was a definite coltish smirk that twitched over his lips that made Steve think that he might have just chipped the surface of Tony’s cold, iron exterior.
There was the briefest flash of narrowed suspicion from the Kree empress, butt she obviously didn’t consider him a threat without the Iron Man suit so the questioning glance quickly melted into a bored expression.
It was sinful how good Mr. Blond hair and blue eyes looked in bondage gear. Tony had never had a personal kink for the whole bondage tag, but watching Steve was seriously making him readjust his priorities.
Steve repressed the urge to roll his eyes at Tony’s ridiculous introduction and instead shook his hand.
“So, are you going to tell me why you invited me to lunch?” He started, crossing his arms over his chest as he leaned back against the stiff but surprisingly not uncomfortable plastic chair. “Don’t tell me you actually wanted my company.”
Hopefully the distance from the main city might deter the crazy super villains from showing up at their doorstep. And if it didn’t, well the new facility was equipped with lasers so maybe that might keep them away.
Tony thought on the proposition for a moment and then let out a huff. “Yeah, alright fine. Clean slate.”
Steve shifts, letting the other guy pull back as he slides down off the bed and onto the carpeted floor, sitting up on his knees. The blond once again pushes past his lips while the dark-skinned man begins hastily jerking himself off inches from his face.
His and Steve’s becoming friendly with one another was quick to turn heads, and it seemed like every media site had their own two cents to share about how Iron Man and Captain America had suddenly become besties.
The machine spurred to life once more, pumping in and out of his body at a steady pace. Steve grunted around the gag in his mouth, trying not to think about the rubber flesh dragging against his insides. It’s not that he didn’t enjoy anal, he did, but it was difficult to focus on the pleasure when he just wasn’t feeling it.
Steve can feel that he’s teetering on the edge, so he snakes a hand between them to start viciously tugging at his cock, swiftly moving his fist up and down the length of his dick.
On the side of the door there was a computer padlock, and Steve punched the extension number that was given to him in the email. He bounced on the balls of his feet nervously, and the line picked up after three rings.
He was speechless. This was a joke, right? It had to be. Yeah, sure, he’d been camming for the last few months, which was
“Usually I’m the one who gets distracted and ignores my date.” He muttered, drumming his fingers on the glass table.
Tony reaches over to grab the Starbucks cup, sinking back in his chair. “Part of it, yeah.” He sighs, rubbing his brow. “I was talking to Bruce, he’s the studio’s production manager. One of my actors just quit on me and I have a deadline coming up.” He explained, taking a hefty gulp of coffee.  “I tried negotiating an extension, but Bruce says it's impossible given the time frame.”
A fiery redhead sauntered into view, dressed in skin tight leather that hugged her curves perfectly, the zip of the catsuit drawn all the way down to show massive amounts of cleavage that would make a playboy magazine weep.
The streets were filled with hundreds of heavily built robots marching in sync, bullets firing from the guns mounted onto their shoulders.
Steve could do so much better than a self-loathing genius with a drinking problem and enough issues to give Lindsay Lohan a run for her money, but here he was, asking him out on a date like it he’d waited his whole life for this opportunity.
He was strung up again, wrapped up in an intricate, black leather harness that had straps that went across his chest to accentuate his bust. Two metal clips were clamped over his nipples, creating a constant, uncomfortable pinching feeling. His hands were bound tight behind his back. His ankles were tied too, making him have to struggle to keep his balance every time Rumlow brought the whip down on him.
The steady stream of warm water running down his face was a comfort Steve would never take for granted ever again. The hot water in his apartment was still busted, and Phil didn’t seem to have any clue when somebody would be in to fix it. Luckily he had taken full liberty of the studio's lavish shower facilities instead. It was more convenient anyway, since he liked using the onsite gyms and boxing ring.
“I have been eating.” He muttered, still not looking up from his work as he pointed towards a cluttered table with glasses upon glasses that were covered in a green film.
“Hey, good to see you Jolly green, but mind not crushing me while you kick ass?” Tony asked, clinging desperately to a chunk of steel wall that was just barely holding together to keep himself upright.
Eventually the ringing stops, and Steve continues grinding his hips down against Tony lap, fully hard now, as he feels the billionaire’s cock press against the seam of his ass with just enough pressure that he feel the head catch against his entrance.
Steve walked with him back up to the communal floor, hovering at his side like a golden retriever. Steve was a lot of things that Tony didn’t necessarily approve of, but he couldn’t deny that he was a loyal. Always there for his injured teammates.
“Completely serious You blew right by Sam,” She said grinning at the mentioned actor. Steve glanced over to Sam apologetically, but he only held a hand up and shook his head.
His best friend just didn’t need to know that he was completely naked in said photos, aside from the occasional leather strap.
Mr. Stark arches an eyebrow at him, clearly amused and a bit surprised at the sudden change of heart, but evidently appreciative of Steve’s cooperation. He fiddles with the camera for a second, probably making sure all of his good parts are in the frame and then reclines in his office chair, almost like this was just a casual chat.
Initially, Steve acted like a deer caught in headlights for a few heartbeats before he finally got the message and melted into Tony, shifting to put his weight on one elbow so that he could slide his other hand up to cup Tony’s jaw. The billionaire relished in the kiss, savouring the embrace like it was the first and last. With their lifestyle, it could very well be.
“We don’t, but you weren’t answering your phone so I thought I’d drop by.” Stane said objectively. “I would have booked a time, but I couldn’t seem to get through to you.”
Steve called him a cab and waited with him. They didn’t say a word the entire time, but he knew that this was far from over. When the car pulled up, Bucky tried weakly to get Steve to come back with him, even though he knew Steve had to try and fix the damage he’d caused. He promised that he wouldn’t take long and be back by the end of the night. Steve didn’t want to leave Bucky so soon after an episode, but he had things he needed to deal with firsthand.
Steve nodded and tightly gripped Bucky’s flesh arm, tugging him off to the side until they were out of ear shot. His tone quickly went from polite to furious once they had some privacy.
Steve felt the fucking machine increased its speed, the piston punching deeper inside of him and making his hips undulate out of instinct as the head of silicone pummeled his prostate.
Steve turns his head as Tony emerges from his bedroom, smartly dressed in a dark grey three piece and a lavender shirt with the first two buttons strategically undone. He looks gorgeous, showcasing all that lovely tanned skin from his neck and collar. His goatee is freshly trimmed, making him look even sharper and more alluring. Steve’s morning wood had subsided, but at the sight of Tony in a suit it comes back with a vengeance. He tries not to blatantly stare but fails horribly and just hands Tony the steaming cup.
was.” He spoke of the title with a sneer. “And then when we first met in person, I saw you and I thought ‘this is the guy my dad talked about so much?
“I’m coming, I’m coming…” He manages to gasp out before he explodes, hips lifting off the table as he shoots long, thick ropes all over Tony’s expensive suit.
The contents of the contract made him blush a little, but honestly, he was expecting a lot worse considering Tony was so hesitant to let him. The contract had the standard script, giving off a list of what he was expected to do, what his earnings would be once the film was published and a very detailed section about consent and what he was agreeing to. Tony had also explicitly highlighted the parts stating that he was in no way bound to the contract if he suddenly changed his mind. If he decided to drop out there were no consequences and no questions would be asked. Seemed like a pretty easy decision to him.
“You won’t win him over by being Captain America.” She said simply, her lips quirking into a knowing grin.  “You have to earn his respect by being Steve Rogers.”
Steve straightened and squared his shoulders, facing Tony. “Then why don’t you and I start new? Forget everything that happened between us before – all the arguments, Howard’s impression, everything.”
“Probably.” Tony said defiantly, flying over Doom and took out another half dozen androids with his repulsors. “But it’s not just the two of us, is it?”
Steve arrived at the art museum not long after he left Sam, having run halfway across the city in less than 10 minutes without so much as breaking a sweat.
Hopefully this time around, the suit wouldn’t get shorted out so easily by a backfired repulsor beam to the chest plate. He couldn’t decide if he should be proud that the arc reactor could deliver such a striking blow, or humiliated that he’d designed such a feeble armored shell.
More confused than anything, Tony cautiously walked over and reached for the folder. He wasn't sure what Stane was holding over his head, but whatever it was it couldn't be good.
The man ignores his outstretched hand, looking him up and down in a slow, creeping way that sent an unpleasant shiver up his spine. The guy – Rumlow, Steve remembers from Tony’s phone call, just scoffs at him.
His eyes fixated on a small, flashing remote nestled into Doom’s utility belt and realized that he must be using that to synchronize the robotic army. “There, on his belt!” He called out.
They each grabbed a plate and walked around, Steve introducing him to people as they made their rounds. It was amazing to watch him talk with the elderly, reminiscing about old memories about a time that Tony could only imagine.
Tony dramatically groaned and rolled his eyes, finally looking up at Steve. “If I eat something will you stop mothering me?”
Steve continued to go to the rehab centre from time to time, so Tony made sure to slip the hospital a couple extra thousand dollars in donations so that Steve could avoid any visitation problems since he wasn’t next of kin.
He was very aware that he was an amateur, but film director Nick Fury did not seem to give two shits that he was inexperienced in the art of adult filmography and would not hesitate to berate him for every little mistake.
It should be weird, maybe even off putting, stroking himself in front of someone else – Steve had never really gotten into the kinky stuff with his sexual partners – but something about being under Mr. Stark's scrutiny was kind of turning him on.
Steve cursed, shield held up to block his face as more rubble was thrown towards him, exploding into tiny fragments of dust as it collided with the vibranium.
“I’m gonna cum if you keep that up.” He warned, voice tight and breathy as he fought to keep his orgasm at bay.
Bucky had been his best friend since elementary school. They grew up together, they were practically brothers. Bucky had helped him through some rough patches, he hated that he couldn’t do more for his friend.
Steve felt the slightest swell in his chest, honored that Peggy would name her only son after him. It was a bit odd to be someone’s namesake, but it felt nice none the less. “And your husband?” He asked cautiously.
“Don’t worry about it, you'll do fine. Mr. Stark's office is just at the top of this elevator.” She told him, sliding her key card and adding a secondary four digit code.
Steve’s arms dropped to his side, more in hurt than indignation. He understood that Bucky went out of line and that it was his fault but for Tony to just drop him like that, like the last six months hadn’t meant anything at all to him.
A few weeks had passed since Steve and Tony’s reconciliation, and so far things were going well. Despite what the media claimed, they weren’t quite ‘besties’, although they’d definitely moved up from frenemies to something a little more auspicious.
Tony smirked, stretching himself along the roof of the car, possibly a little drunk. “Oh, don’t be like that. I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.”
Steve rested hip against the bar table, crossing his arms as he leaned into it. “You know, you shouldn’t be drinking on your meds.” He scolded, eying Tony suspiciously as he sipped his whiskey.
Tony flew by Clint as he shot another explosive arrow that exploded by the creatures face, which made it screech loudly.
The machine whirred as it accelerated, its piston jack hammering into his ass at a brutal speed, hitting his prostate dead on like it was target practice, each time sending jolts of electric pleasure coursing through every muscle fiber in his body.
Steve answered by going in for another kiss, resting his open palm on the side of Tony’s neck to draw him in. It was a little less intense than the last one, but the firm swipe of tongue over the brunet’s bottom lip was probably enough to get his point across.
The energy blast had paralyzed his HUD system to the point where all he could see was black static, meaning that he was more or less blindly flying backwards, and taking out any pillar, sign, and everything else that was unfortunate enough to block his trajectory.
The brunet smiles slyly and slips another finger inside, moving them in and out in tandem while twisting his wrist, earning a frustrated groan from the other.
Over the next months they wound up spending a lot of time together, growing increasingly closer to one another until the days where Steve wouldn’t come down to visit him became the odd ones.
“You uh…you good?” He asked, voice ever so slightly laced with worry. He knew Bucky could handle himself for the most part, but he hadn’t been the same since the accident.
Tony didn’t pull away until he’d finished shaking through his orgasm, a stupidly proud grin plastered all over his face as he looked down at the spent and loose body beneath him.
That being said, Steve wasn’t the type of man to avoid something because someone thought he couldn’t handle it. If someone Thought he couldn't do something, even with the best intentions, it always just made him want to do it even more just to prove a point. That sort of attitude got him in trouble more often than not, but hey, he was still here, wasn’t he? Besides, Steve's not one to sit idly when someone needs a hand.
“Man of Iron.” She spoke, her loud voice echoing through the room. “My people have heard great tales of your triumph and aptitude.” Her gaze swept over Tony, upper lip curling in distaste. “I am disappointed to see that the myths do not uphold.”
Tony caught the hesitant look that Steve flashed him out of the corner of his eye since he was now aware of how triggering Howard’s memory could be. Tony, who was used to hearing his dad’s name being brought up in conversation just brushed it off and grinned. “Well, I guess I do get my reputation from somewhere.” He said, giving the woman one of his most charming winks.
Bruce sighed as he lifted the lid of the containment unit, picking up a molten, flesh coloured substance in his baby blue, latex gloved hands.  The doctor let out a long sigh, shaking his head as it seeped between his fingers in long, stringy tendons resembling slime.
The elevator dinged as it opened up, and Tony barely managed to get a few steps into his office before a familiar voice spoke up.
Tony’s face is blank for a second, but then realization dawns and he shoots the other a look, shaking his head slightly. “I don't know Steve, this is some pretty intense BDSM stuff, it’s not like the things you’ve done so far.”
With a pathetic huff  Steve set his phone down and started rummaging in his gym bag for some clean clothes when his phone suddenly chirped.
Panicking, Steve began to withdraw, but just as he was pulling away Tony seemed to finally snap out of his stupor and lunged forward, reaching out to grab a fist full of Steve’s shirt to pull him back in to the kiss.
Steve grit his teeth as the sting of thick leather smacked across his ass, over and over again. He could feel the welts spreading over his pale skin, lighting it up a bright, angry red.
They roll a few times across the floor of the abandoned office room, their landing cushioned by shards of shattered glass and concrete as they skid. Steve tries his best to take the brute of the damage, protecting Tony as best he can from any serious injuries by pressing the man's face into his chest. When they finally come to a stop Steve lands on top of Tony, covering the brunet’s fragile body with his own from the falling debris.
The advertisement made him stop in his tracks, hovering his mouse over the red ‘x' in the upper right corner.
The guards led him to a large, open room surrounded by huge widows, an enormous throne stationed in the middle where The Accuser sat. One of the guards shoved him forwards, and Tony stumbled at the base of the sovereign.
As they enjoyed their coffee, Tony couldn’t help but notice a dark skinned beauty with raven hair and a heart shaped face a few tables down, looking their way every so often and whispering to her blond friend. He nudged Steve’s foot under the table and nodded his head towards her. “I think that one likes you.”
The two toured the museum, shoulders bumping on occasion from how close they were walking together. The trusty baseball cap and sunglasses glasses disguise was working flawlessly for them once again. Tony had to wonder if New Yorkers were blind, or if seeing earth's mightiest heroes was starting to lose its allure.
Steve slowed his punches when he heard the voice, turning his head to see Natasha, freshly showered and dressed comfortably in a pair of leggings and a grey hoodie.
Came the distorted, scratchy reply, only enforcing the fact that his suit was now pretty much reduced to a useless pile of scrap metal.
The businessman got up to pour himself a glass, giving Steve the opportunity to really get a look at him. He half-expected the CEO of a wealthy adult film corporation to be some shifty, overweight lech but he was surprised to see the opposite. Mr. Stark was not old, but definitely aged, Steve could tell by the almost invisible silver hairs that framed his hairline. Taking a closer look, Mr. Stark was actually quite handsome, dressed to the nines in a well fitted and expensive looking three piece suit, his facial hair perfectly trimmed and the faint waft of cologne radiation off of him.
He fastened the device around his knee, made a few adjustments to the contraption so that it fit his leg properly, and then just like that he could walk again without any external support.
Steve had been setting money aside to afford one of the new prototypes from WakandaTech for months now. The money Bucky got every month through disability barely covered his meds and hospital visits, he was never going to be able to afford a decent prosthetic through the VA so Steve paid for it out of his own pocket. Bucky was mad at first, but eventually he caved and accepted it.
“I…I didn’t mean to do that, it just sort of…instinct.” Steve rambled in a panicked haste, tripping over his words. “Shit, I’m an idiot…” He muttered, trying to roll off of the genius, but before Steve could fully retreat, Tony grabbed onto the leather strapped across his uniform and tugged at it to hold the soldier in place.
“Charity Barbeque for the church I used to go to when I lived in Brooklyn. I got put in charge of dessert.” Steve didn’t look up from his task, pouring the contents of the mixing bowl into a paper lined foil tray and spread it out into an even layer.
“Now come on. I’m sure Director Fury is itching to tear into us for all the damage we caused.” Steve said, lifting his bike off the ground and swung one leg over, revving the engine a couple times to warm it up. “Are you coming?”
“You’re early.” The tardy robotics engineer countered with an almost playful smirk, falling into step beside the blond soldier.
Tony entertained the idea for a moment. The only charity functions he ever attended were of the black tie variety, where pompous bureaucrats and politicians congregated to brag about how much money they were donating to some probable cause. It might be nice to go to an event where the main goal of the evening wasn’t to see who the most generous benefactor was.
"He's cute. Though he looks a little too innocent for your tastes." Stane spoke up, wearing a smirk as if he knew that he'd already won.
Steve stared at the barren chat history, silently debating if he should just grow a backbone and send a message himself but what would he even say?
“I will take you down Tony. It's just a matter of who I'm taking down with you.” He promised as he left, the doors finally closing between them.
“He disobeyed protocol. We had a formation, and he just went off on his own.” Steve vented, his muscles rigid with leftover rage from his earlier encounter with the man in question.
Steve sits back on his heels, tongue poking out to catch the bit of come he’d wiped off with his thumb. “Thought I'd swing by and settle my debt.”
He downed the eggy beverage in a few quick gulps, wiping his hand over his mouth just as Tony walked into the kitchen.
The brunet obviously appreciates the gesture judging by the low moan that slips out. He reaches out for Steve, hands sliding up his flanks and then behind, fingernails dragging along his back.
Tony coughs a bit, grunting at the ache in his chest from where Steve bulldozed into him like a battering ram. That was going to hurt in the morning, but at least he wasn’t a pile of mangled flesh and bones on the concrete, so there was an upside.
"That's it." Tony purred, voice thick and heavy with arousal. "Get it all out, for me. That's my good boy."
Tony had invested more emotion into that one kiss than he had in some entire relationships, but if it had just been a red-blooded impulse he wasn’t going to get his hopes up. Tony was a business man after all, he knew better than to put all his coins in one basket. He also had his fair share of heartbreak, and he wasn’t so sure he could handle getting rejected by Captain America.
He was brave, commendable, an exemplary soldier, and twice the man Tony Stark would ever be. When he wasn’t focused on running his shady weapons business, instead of spending his free time with his impressionable son, he was off leading expeditions in search of the fallen war hero.
Tony took a heavy breath after counting to three, and then before he could rethink his plan he loosened his grip on the metal structure and started sprinting full throttle towards the gap in the hull.
Steve cautiously took the flask and gave it a whiff, wrinkling his nose at the potent vapors that were emanating from the spout.
Realizing he was the only one in the damp, tiled room, Steve felt a surge of naughty excitement rush through him.
Steve swiped over his face one last time with a chuckle, turning to see his other co-star walking over. “Don’t worry about it. It was uh, it was good. The messier the better, right?” He laughed, lowering the now soiled rag from his face. “I don’t think I caught your name earlier?”
Tony chased away any ‘mother hen’ comments that he would have made and instead pushed the plate away. “As sweet and domestic as that is Cap, I’ll stick to my coffee and occasional Kale and green apple smoothies’ thanks.” He said, pushing away from the table with his coffee in hand.
He walked over to the linen closet and pulled out a soft orange throw blanket, draping it over Tony’s sleeping form before heading out of the kitchen, but not before scribbling a quick ‘Do Not Disturb’ on a sheet of white paper with a pen, plastering it on the glass door.
“I’m just saying that maybe instead of fighting him all the time, you two should maybe try to get along?”
Answering one last email, Pepper tucked her phone away into her Givenchy clutch and turned her attention to Tony with a hesitant smile. “Sorry about that.”
“Pfft, whatever.” Clint muttered, rolling his eyes. “Anyway, I’m starving. Are we gonna grab some food or what?”
“Okay, who invited Godzilla to the party?” Tony ever so sarcastically remarked, from the co-pilot’s seat of the Avenjet.
Steve gets the not so subtle hint, a smirk tugging at his lips. If Tony wants to bone, he’s not going to put up a fuss. Besides, the man’s logic is sound, so how can he argue with that?
As he made his way over Peter lifted his arms up in silent demand. Tony didn’t need to ask, bending over without hesitation to pick up the boy with a low grunt. “Geez squirt, what has Papa been feeding you, lead?”
Tony tackles him, swiping his arm across the desk’s surface to clear some space, sending a bunch of papers and office supplies scattering to the floor. Tony pushes him down until his back is flat against the desk and settles between his spread legs, grinding down against him.
Tony felt the ground shutter under him, knocking the genius off his feet and skittering across the floor as the ship tilted off its axis. He just barely managed to catch himself on a fixed beam, hanging off of it as the ship sways.
Tony leans over to kiss him, fingers working him from the inside with practiced ease like he has somre kind of innate knowledge about his body. Steve's already moaning obscenely, the noises muffled by Tony's tongue insistently fucking his mouth. He feels those fingers move deeper, stroking over his prostate and a sudden jolt of pleasure explodes through his body.
Bruce didn’t look convinced, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose with his index finger. “Tony’ I don’t know. I really should keep working on this, Doctor Cho is expecting some results by the end of this week.”
“Don’t worry about your finances, you’ll find that the severance package is quite generous.” He said bitterly, refusing to look at him as he fiddled with stacks of paper on his desk. “You’ll get your cheque by the end of the week and you’ll continue to get your royalties until the end of the month, then I'll wipe every video of you off of our site.”
He leaned back in his chair, finger and thumb tracing the contour of his beard. Well, shit. He didn’t usually get so attached to his stars, but something about Steve Rogers was harder to resist than the others. Not that he was a virtuous saint and hadn’t partaken in the fruits of his labor before, but he tried to avoid making it a habit.
Still, despite their initial rough start, he was prepared to be civil. Steve had gone out of his way to apologize (sort of) for his behavior the other day, and despite popular opinion, Tony Stark wasn’t a complete asshat. He could humor the super soldier for a few hours, especially if it meant that the team would lay off him for giving the guy such a hard time.
He started sketching in the notebook, dragging the whittled down charcoal pencil across the paper, tracing curves and lines until they vaguely started resembling something. Halfway through his drawing, he was starting to realize that the image on the paper resembled a certain handsome, dark haired entrepreneur with warm, hazel eyes and defining facial hair --
He should have grabbed a towel, or maybe kept some wet wipes in his office. Then again, he didn’t usually make a habit out of jerking off to his employees. Tony grabbed for some tissues, cleaning himself off as much as he could before tossing them in the trash bin under his desk. The sound of a breathy gasp caught his attention back to the screen.
, the wholesome hero from the 1940s and his childhood crush. This wasn’t just some frisky news reporter or hot scientist, and with his recent track record Tony wasn’t ashamed to admit to himself (but only to himself) that he was too scared to ruin a good thing. Where they stood right now was good, he could be happy just having Steve as a friend.
Steve’s mouth quirked into a tiny smirk as they walked towards the elevator, strolling next to Tony. “Fair enough.”
Body feeling loose and completely spent, the CEO took a moment to compose himself, looking down at his sticky hand and cum splattered jeans.
Tony grabs him by the waist and side steps him, flipping them around so that their positions are mirrored and he’s the one pressing Steve against the desk. Tony’s hands are on his waist in a blink of an eye, tugging down the zip of his jeans and pushing them down to his ankles. Steve almost trips as he steps out of his pants, kicking them off to the side along with his shoes.
He has no idea what these aliens want with him, but he sure as hell hopes the team can get him out of this mess.
morning and afternoon.” He starts, voice low and prowling as he snakes a hand into Steve's hair, giving a sharp tug to make sure the blond's eyes are focused on him.
They said their farewells, Steve promising to stop by for Sunday mass the next time he wasn’t busy defending New York from some sort of global assault.
Clothes went flying in every direction, leaving a trail behind them on their journey to the bedroom. Steve had lost his shirt somewhere between the living room and the hallway, and Tony’s vest was laying in a messy heap a few steps away. They got stuck at the doorframe to Tony’s bedroom. Steve could feel the brunet awkwardly feeling behind him for the door handle and he took this as an opportunity to start working on the older man’s belt.
“That’s very good to hear.” She nodded, her gaze returning to settle on his face. “I just stopped by to say that Tony would like to see you in the conference room.”
The deep, sultry tenor of Tony’s voice has Steve biting his lip and he finds himself leaning in until he can feel the heat of his own breath bouncing off of the other man’s face.
“This place is beautiful.” He gaped, wondering how he hadn’t been here before. The view of the distant city from this spot was breath taking. Steve could imagine spending hours here with his sketchbook, drawing the city scape.
That everything that had happened between them over the past months meant something, but all that left his mouth was devastated silence.
Bruce simply shook his head, trying to hide a mischievous grin as he retreated back to his worktable. “Don’t worry about it, I’ve got a breakthrough that I want to start researching before I forget.” He said, jotting down notes and reaching for substances in little glass jars. “Go ahead without me, please. I might actually be able to get some work done without Mr. Chatty there.”
“Things will get better soon.” He promised, reaching over to give Bucky a clap on his shoulder. “You’ll see. We'll get you one of those fancy, cybernetic arms. You’ll be just like Robo-cop.” He said, trying to lighten the mood.
The soft prickle of Tony’s beard against the back of his neck tickled, sending delightful shivers down his spine. Steve laughs softly, craning his neck back until he can just barely see the messy mop of brown hair behind him.
“You’re sure?” He asked, remembering what Steve had told him before about waiting for the right partner. He liked to think no one could beat him in the sack, but Tony wasn’t completely vain, he knew that this carried more weight for Steve.
“Easy. Give me the rights to Howards Company and I’ll sweep all of this under the rug.” Stane grinned, toothy and wicked.
Still, after weeks of convincing him to leave his crappy little apartment in Brooklyn and move into Avenger’s Tower with the big guns, Tony managed to get the stubborn super soldier to take up residence.
The music returned full blast, but before he could even refocus on his task it was cut off again and he was interrupted once more.
That being said, Steve was an interesting new addition to their cast and the brunet was especially curious about this one.
Steve had learned to take Tony’s sarcasm with a grain of salt so just laughed and smiled back at him, leading the shorter man out of the lab.
Tony nods, seeming relieved that Steve is so understanding. Steve realizes that a lot of people might have taken this personally, but he knows better than that.
Tony's cut off mid rant as Steve makes quick work of his pants and fishes his soft cock out, lips wrapping around the member as he takes him into his mouth. Tony haunches over, his hand coming up to grab a fist full of Steve's hair as a few more curses spill from his lips.
Steve lifted his head up, trying his best to not glare daggers at the director as he yelled at him for what seemed like the fifth time today.
Tony slid into a seat by the island counter, cradling his face in his hands as he watched Steve fiddle about the kitchen, twirling utensils in his grasp and moving with utmost grace.
The brunet wrinkled his nose at the slimy residue lining the sides of the glass. He couldn’t understand how anyone could eat a raw egg, let alone down 6 of them mixed in with some milk. Tony wanted to gag just at the thought.
Steve, hands still bound above his head, deflated into the bed. “I'm trying.” He huffed, as if Tony would think he was sabotaging the film on purpose. Sure, he might not totally agree with his sudden career change, but at the end of the day he still wanted a paycheck.
The camera faces him, zooming in on his face, soaking in how raw and red his mouth is from overuse. Steve flicks his eyes up at the lens, staring straight on with the best ‘completely fucked out’ expression that he can muster, and then the video feed cuts.
As they made their way back towards the tower, Tony was thinking that he’d actually had a really good time hanging out with Steve, and wanted to find some way to thank him for the fortuitous afternoon.
Steve remembered that painful time like it was yesterday. Struggling to pay his moms medical and funeral bills as a penniless art student. He'd be out on the street if Bucky hadn't taken all those extra shifts down at the docks and pawned his dad's old car. This was absolutely the least he could do for his friend. They looked out for each other because who the hell else would? Bucky was family to him, and he would do absolutely anything to take care of him.
From the agent’s description, New York’s famous Coney Island was currently being attacked by an enormous, rampaging iguana.The team thought that this was a joke until the Avenjet flew across the skyscrapers and they saw exactly what Coulson had been describing.
“Very well. If you will not serve me, then you will die with the rest of your pathetic species.” She spits at him, waving her hand towards her minions. “Guards! Destroy the foolish man.”
Shockingly, Tony found himself actually having a good time. He’d never really considered the elderly as good company, being a science and tech man himself. Of course he was all about the respecting your elders ideal, you know, when your elders were cute grandmas and grandpas, not bloodsucking investors and bureaucrats.
Thankfully he was spared from any more techno-jargon as they turned the street corner and arrived at their destination.
Arousal prickled his skin, and Steve’s hand instinctively went down to palm himself over the towel. Tony wanted a show? He could do that.
“You like this don’t you? Being treated like the dirty whore you are.” Rumlow said, seeming fully invested in his role as the dominating sadist.
Tony snorted and smirked at the memory, pausing a moment before answering her. “Friends is a strong word. I’d say we’re more like… an old lazy cat who’s too tired to chase the mouse anymore.”
Tony visibly froze, blinking at the super soldier as if his brain was trying to compute the words that were just spoken to him.
“Yes, yes, fuck…harder.” He shouts as Tony plows him, mouth hung open as he continues to voice his pleasure. He hopes Tony sound proofs his rooms because if not then he’s pretty sure people can hear them three floors down.
The grip on his jaw loosened, but before he could pull away, Rumlow spat in his face. Steve’s skin crawled when he felt the wetness hit his cheek, thick spittle slowly trickling down the side of his face.
Next Steve teased his hole, spreading his saliva around the pucker to ease the friction before pressing inside himself. He let out a soft moan, titling his head back in a show of pleasure as he fingered himself. He was up to the second knuckle and about to add another digit when there was a knock on his door.
Off to one side theirs a massive wall covered in various sex supplies -- about 8 feet long, floor to ceiling, with selections ranging from the biggest dildos Steve has ever seen to some crazy looking whips and bindings.
"I appreciate the concern Sam, but I'm okay. Just a little shaken up, that's all." His voice was a bit raw after nearly getting choked out, but all things considered Steve didn’t feel too distressed.
“I promise you, my thoughts aren’t very ‘middle school’ right now.” He laughed, bright blue eyes darkened by a level of desire that Tony didn’t think Captain America was capable of.
He still could not believe he was going through with this. If he had any sense of self respect he should just turn around now, maybe go back to school and get a teaching degree or get a job I construction. Becoming a porn actor wasn’t in his top 10 list of career choices, but he was desperate for cash and this seemed like the best chance he had.
Peter gave an excited and unintelligible shout as he picked up a random thing off the floor and dropped it into the box. There was no method or organizing to his packing, he just picked up whatever was on the floor and plopped it into the crate but hey, the kid was 22 months old, Steve’s expectations weren’t that high.
Steve forced out a breath through his nose, lips quirking into a tiny smile because obviously Tony wasn’t aware that his stubbornness was on par with his own.
Steve gave a small smile. Sam was a good guy, he could see them being friends outside of the studio. Bucky would probably get along with him too, maybe even open up to him.
He gave the bag a final shove, the chain keeping it suspended jingling with the force of his punch. He steadied the swaying sack, panting heavily as he leaned in to rest his head against the warm kevlar.
The second guy cums not long after the first. His aim is a little lower, so he shoots across Steve’s tongue, hitting his chin and splattering on his heaving chest. Steve’s never felt so thoroughly coated before, and it’s not necessarily a bad feeling.
Steve bit his lip, obeying Tony’s every word as he rolled the nub between his fingers, catching it between his thumb and index finger to pinch it. He couldn’t hold back the noises this time and shamelessly let a pitiful cry slip through his lips.
Tony had a lot if free money to burn, sure, and he made sure that Peggy Carter received the best care possible, but she was old and deteriorating and not even his money could fix that.
Steve instinctively tried to pull away but Rumlow just tightened his grip and jerked his head back into place.
“You’re not.” She said simply, and Steve raised a quizzical eyebrow at the cryptic response, which urged the assassin to continue. “To him, Captain America is just a flashy costume. Stark doesn’t respect the suit, he respects the person inside of the suit.” She went on, and Steve’s eyes snapped back to look at her.
Thor -- the blond hunk of pure, solid muscle who is currently fucking his mouth, is massive in every sense of the word. His biceps, his pecs, his cock. Steve chokes as the blond reaches up to grab a fistful of his hair, pulling him down further on his cock until the tip is nudging against the back of his throat.
Maybe he shouldn’t shoot down the idea of being in porn so hastily. He’d already put his naked body out there for all the works to see, so its not like he had much shame left to lose, and working with an actual label had to make more money than he was earning on his own as a cheap Camboy. Still, if he agreed to do this than there would be no turning back.
As the party was ending Steve, always the gentleman, offered to stay and help clean up, so by default Tony got roped into helping too. Tony haled a couple of folding chairs towards the storage shed that was attached to the side of the church while Steve carried a whole table by himself. With one hand.
He's moaning softly, poking his tongue out to a catch some of the cum dribbling across his lips. He was never a fan of the taste, but he still plays it up for the cameras, knowing the audience would lap it up.
“That energy beam knocked you out cold, and with the damages to the suit, it took me a while to find your location”
***THERE IS SOME BRIEF NON-CON AND NON-EROTIC ASPHYXIATION IN THIS CHAPTER SO PLEASE MIND THE TAGS***
Not to mention that the half dozen film crew workers spectating every second of him getting rammed by a horny robot also wasn’t helping light his mood. Steve had never been shy about his body, especially not after he'd hit his second puberty, but this was next level.
If there’s something he can do to help Tony out then he’s not just going to sit on his hands and leave the guy to struggle. It’s not just because he feels like he owes the guy. Tony has done so much for him yeah, and of course he feels like he owes him something in return, but it’s not just because of that. People have told him he’s selfless to a fault, or just outright pig headed, but the truth is that he just wants to help.
After a quick shower Steve changed into his usual attire of just a plain t-shirt and some jeans, throwing his worn, chestnut brown leather jacket over top. He opted to take his bike, making his way down to White Plains, still completely oblivious to whatever it was Tony needed him for.
So, before anyone comments just know that I have no knowledge about baseball. At all. I googled baseball teams and stuff like that, so if there are any inconsistencies it's because I know nothing of sports.
Steve threw the sweat drenched towel over his shoulder, breath evening out as he stared her down. He’d made numerous attempts to get on better terms with the self-proclaimed genius billionaire, and all of his efforts so far had turned up fruitless. Natasha seemed to read his expression as if all his thoughts were written on his skin. She had an eerie way of always knowing what you were thinking.
Steve smiles, sitting up on his elbows. “You don’t have to apologize, I get it. Work before play.” He told him.
They got to the little restaurant that Steve frequented often judging by the owner’s friendly and enthusiastic greeting.
Hala doesn’t look too happy at the defiance, gripping the spear in her hand, looking ready to fight.
Steve briefly glanced over his shoulder and the two girls quickly averted their eyes, hiding shy smiles behind delicately manicured hands. He turned back to Tony with a raised eyebrow. “What makes you think she’s interested in me? You’re the famous playboy.” He pointed out which earned a low chuckle from the other.
“If I’m Captain, that makes you the side kick.” Steve rebutted, earning a playful shove from the other.
Tony would have never expected in a million years that Captain righteous and almighty would ever accept him ignoring command and just going ahead with his gut instinct, so the fact that he’d acknowledged that at all was a shock in itself. On top of that to ask him to lunch? That was definitely new.
Last night with Tony had probably one of the best sexual experiences of his life, which said a lot considering the past few months had been filled with copious amounts of rigorous sex. Last night wasn’t crazy or anything, it had actually been pretty tame, but Tony somehow knew how to navigate his body in a way that fired up every individual nerve, like some kind of sex wizard. Steve’s never been with anyone so confident in their ability to please others.
“Nng...you have no idea.” The other man counters, and Steve can’t help but shudder at the idea that maybe Tony misses him too. "There's so many things I would do to you right now." He grunts and Steve can hear the wet squelch of his hand working up and down his dick.
Steve recognized a few faces around the table – Tony of course, as well as Pepper, Natasha, Sam, Thor and some of the other people he’d had scenes with, but there were a couple unfamiliar faces thrown into the mix. After an awkward moment of silence, he realized that they were all here for him and that his ‘meeting’ with Tony had just been a ruse.
Self-assured, Steve continues to slide his lips up and down the length if Tony's shaft, tongue curling around the tip on the upstroke. He hadn't been able to get a good look at what Tony was packing last night since it was dark and he was a little tipsy, but now he's got a front row view of the man’s cock.
Pepper pointed a finger at him, her expression a strange mixture of both amusement, shock and disapproval. “Oh no no, don’t deflect. You get this look on your face when you’re interested in someone. I’ve seen it a million times.”
There's a moment of silence between them as Steve glances down at their feet. Tony catches the way he's worrying his bottom lip, like hes debating whether or not to bring something up.
Steve ripped off another long strip of duct tape, pressing it over the seam where the two flaps of cardboard met and sealed them together. He put two more strips of tape at each end of the box to secure its contents before neatly stacking it onto the pile next to him.
Hala ignored him, spitting something at one of the soldiers in a language that Tony did not recognize. A moment later the guard returned, holding a strange, metal object that looked like some sort of strange chalice and shoved it into his hands.
There was another stretch of silence as Steve shifted from foot to foot, seeming to gather his wits.
Steve frowned. “Hey, don’t worry about it. You took care of me after my mom died, I'm just returning the favor.”
Steve's eyes flick up at the microwave, catching the time. “I have to head out.” He said, shoving the rest of the sandwich in his mouth before grabbing his coat off the back of one of the chairs. Tuna mayo may not have been the best choice of food to eat before filming, but luckily, he still had that pack of mints in his pocket. “See you tonight.” He said, heading out the door.
“Yeah, just like that. Keep going.” Mr. Stark whispers to him so faintly he’s not even sure the audio will pick it up.
“Ain’t she a looker, Stevie?” Bucky grinned from ear to ear as he watched his best friend's mouth gape like a fish.
Bucky had talked Steve out of buying a ticket to California, countless times. One time he even had to lock the smaller man in his room to keep him from leaving the apartment.
“Why, Stark, you certainly feel like you’ve been having a great time here with your much smaller fiancé. Why in such a hurry?”
“Yeah, speaking of sharing. Toni, wanna join Bucky and me tonight, in bed?” Clint asked, wiggling his eyebrows up and down suggestively.
fell softly off Toni’s lips, as her back collided with the hallway wall and Steve’s lips returned to their rightful spot on her neck.
Toni shook her head in disbelief. “This is so fucked up.” She whispered, running her hands down her face. “God damn it, James.”
She stuck her tongue out in response to the taller man and then turned to face Bucky, doing the same to him. Bucky smirked and stuck his tongue back out in response to the genius.
fell from Toni’s lips, her knees giving way just as Steve’s arms wrapped around her waist, pulling the smaller genius tight to his chest.
“Mr. Von Doom is in his study,” Milo said, standing in front of what Toni assumed was the study door.
So, who were they to say no to? Toni and Steve covered the cost of the dresses and suits, just to try and make it fair.
“Oh, Woman of Iron. You’re going to love this one, I promise you that.” And with that Loki’s hands started to form a green ball of smoke.
“Well...” Toni whispered, looking down at her engagement ring. “We are getting married today, but we had a little work emergency and then you two showed up.”
“Have a guy’s night or something,” Toni suggested. “Anything besides moping around my tower as you’ve done for the past couple of days.” She told them as she finished off her third cup of coffee.
Toni rubbed her fingers softly against his pectoral muscles, a similar action he would always do to her hips.
Toni made a b-line for the bathroom after she failed to close the broken bedroom door, catching a naked Steve Rogers out of the corner of her eye.
The archer continued to play a game on his phone as Pepper asked questions about the honeymoon in Italy. It wasn’t until Toni caught Clint’s eyes growing wide after a soft ‘
Toni did wonder why he’d never mentioned it before. How Steve never once had mentioned his passion for a big family. But the more she thought about Steve as a dad, how he would be present -  emotionally and physically. He would be the kindest, most gentle, yet firm father.
“I get jealous..” He whispered.  “I get jealous because Bucky always got the girls... He always got the ones I wanted... Shit,” he muttered. “He even kissed you before I did. So, he won there too.” Steve clenched his jaw and continued. “I just... I’m still that insecure ninety-pound kid from Brooklyn, Toni.”
“I know,” He mumbled, his left thumb running up and down the front of her hip. She found Steve doing that a lot, almost as a comforting reflex for the bigger man.
“White roses symbolize new beginnings. A pure soul, deep love, and even marriage.” The man told them, smiling at his wife from across the flower cart.
“Yeah, apparently there's not enough testosterone in my tower, and they need to have a whole night dedicated to it.”
“Oh my gosh,” Sarah whispered. “I have a daughter.” The older woman closed the distance between them, wrapping the taller brunette in her embrace. Toni couldn’t stop the tears that fell down her cheeks as she hugged Steve’s mother.
“Never too tired for cheeseburgers, Hap.” Toni snuggled closer to Steve and flashed him a soft smile, saying: “Wake me when it’s time for cheeseburgers please.”
Steve, of course, had thought about Toni like that, after realizing just how head over heels in love with her way. It only became more common for his mind to follow the rabbit trails that were his dirty thoughts.
Paper, cardstock, boxes of pens, and paper clips came tumbling down. Steve threw Toni against the other shelf, pushing his solid form against hers, blocking her from any of the falling office supplies.
“Monet’s work is spectacular," Toni agreed. "He’s one of my all-time favorite artists. One of the greatest impressionists, if not the best --.”
He pulled her to his chest, tucking her face softly in his neck. Running his large hands up and down her back. Soothing her nerves, as he whispered how proud he was of her. Over and over.
