“I offered him one of my pin-up mags, icebreaker, y’know. He looked at it like it like it was diseased, handed it back to me and said he doesn’t believe in the exploitation of women.”
“Oh.” Cas blinks at him, not quite awake or fully processing. Dean waits for him to say, I’ll just share Dean’s bed, blow the whole thing wide and burn all their bridges with the hunter community forever. He doesn’t though. He just flicks Dean a confused little glance and nods.
turns from the front seat and catches Cas’s eye. “Hey, Cas. Control your pet idiot, he’s getting a bit stroppy.”
Dean grunts what he hopes is an affirmative and hangs up. He stays still for a moment, absorbing what he just agreed to, and then he flops down on the bed, buries his head under the covers.
Dean hears a car door slam shut and he pads up to the entrance to the barn. Fury sings through every nerve in his body, steadying his hand, strengthening his muscles and clouding his judgement.
Dean drops to his knees and Lucifer decides to scare him, catches him as he goes and basks in the panic on his face.
And he’s fucking crying, and he’s shaking, and he’s fucking afraid that even after all of this Dean is going to turn around and leave anyway.
Sorry for dropping a cliffhanger like that on you and bailing, that was NOT COOL. Basically I was spending every free scrap of time I had flathunting (eughhhhh) but I have a place now and am sorted YAAAY.
Great, another fucking video. But he can’t exactly walk out now. So he watches, and then, because he sat through the tedium, he figures what the hell, he might as well do the rest too.
He notices Cas yawning and clicks his tongue. He made everyone else coffee, forgot to offer Cas any. Dude’s eyeing up Charlie’s mug wistfully so Dean doesn’t even ask, just steps over to the machine. Sam looks hopefully over, but he must be fucking kidding. Firstly, he’s a big boy, he can get his own coffee, secondly, he’s lucky he’s getting fucking breakfast after insulting Dean’s methods, no way is he going out of his way to make him another drink too.
It's not enough. He feels hunted, just that voice enough to throw him back into the mindset of a cowering animal, quaking in his den while hunters footsteps and howling dogs echo around him.
Hannah follows Charlie to the jeep – it’s easy, too easy. The Horn of Gabriel – she’s experienced it before, remembers – is somewhere in that direction, pulls her close and doesn’t want to let her go.
He wants to learn the ins and outs of his body, the things that make him feel best. He has a feeling Dean will be more than amenable to that.
Dean kicks his shoes off into the foot well and manhandles a protesting Cas out of the way as he lies down across the seat. He gets himself comfy and then pulls Cas back down, so that he’s mostly on top of Dean.
He starts to roll his hips again, teasing Cas into starting up a rhythm under him. The call rings out, and then starts again.
“Hannah, can you?” Charlie asks, measured, reasonable, in contrast to Dean who has just punched the jeep and probably broken a bone in his hand.
He gestures wildly, taking another step closer, in to Dean. He’s inches from his face now, so close Dean can feel the angry little gasps of breath that come out with each admonishing word.
“Well, fuck me, I must be Braveheart of knowing jackshit.” Dean says. “All the opinions I’ve got are the ones leftover from my dad, or battered into me by Charlie. Bouncing between those two fucking poles I’ve never got a clue what’s right or wrong.”
“Can you see any pattern?” Sam asks, to derail the conversation and because, you know, maybe they’re onto something here. “Or even tell us why someone would make a book like this in the first place?”
Dean parks the Impala a little way off on purpose, in case whoever has gone out for a spin comes back, and Sam follows his lead.
Cas barely looks human, bared teeth and rolling eyes. He didn’t look that bad a minute ago, Dean did this, he fucked up, he.
“Hundreds and thousands of crushed little pieces. Sad, broken on their own, but bring them together and they make something wonderful.”
It can’t split them up too far, not while their minds are joined together. Once that snaps, well. It’ll be able to put Dean wherever it wants the next time he’s dragged back to these woods. And Cas is certain that will be a very, very long way away from him.
“Okay, okay!” Sam holds up his palms, slowly moves towards the table and picks up the silver knife they keep there for reasons less than innocent. He presses it into the flesh of his arm where Cas can see and then puts it down and kicks it over.
Dean lowers himself down carefully – it’s been a while since he’s had anything bigger than a few fingers up there, and he wants to take it slow. Sex toys and shared motel rooms aren’t a great combination, and he never liked bringing dudes back while Sam was around. Not that he thought Sam would judge, exactly, but, well, there’s a lot of repressed shit there that Dean doesn’t want to talk to anyone about, and letting Sam know that he also liked banging dudes would be the quickest way to bring that into the open.
Dean grimaces, and he’s about to apologise, start backing down – because that was dumb. He could have bled out, wasted Cas’s stupid fucking sacrifice. But more than that. Fucking Claire. Claire Novak has seen enough shit, she didn’t need to see that.
“SHUT UP!” He lashes out at the door, succeeds only in jarring his bones and bloodying his knuckles. He focuses on the pain, real honest to god, sharp and present pain. Not itching or burning or desperate howling need. Not the dull ache in his bones or the tired complaints of his withered, useless muscles. It’s unpleasant, but it’s a new kind of unpleasant, not the same old prolonged torturous bullshit. He grits his teeth together to trap the low moan bubbling up his throat.
He’s lying on the ground, eyes open but unseeing, cloudy and blind. A thick trail of blood winds from his nose, along the floor and towards the gutter.
Cas is thrown into sharp relief by the headlights, almost looks like a black and white film. He’s hunched over the deer, cradling it with one hand, the fingers of the other pressed to its forehead as he mutters something under his breath.
“I’ll tell that to Charlie’s fucking grave, when she gets killed because she doesn’t know what she’s dealing with. That’ll make us all feel better.”
“’Cause you don’t want me to stay.” Dean can’t help the bitter little comment that slips out, curses himself for it, wishes he could snatch it back. That’s not how he wants to leave things. He flinches, tries to rescue it by following it with, “It’s for the best, I get that.”
Cas clicks his teeth together, impatient, but capable of waiting. He watches through half closed eyes as Dean takes his own cock in his hand, can’t resists giving it a quick pump at the sight of Cas spread out, debauched, sinful. Waiting for him.
“A little. Mostly, I’m worried that if it’s Cas we find laying this trail, Dean’s going to get in between us and ruin our only chance of reeling him in.”
“Look, I’m not denying that Dean would be upset, that he’d blame himself – I can understand why you’re doing this.” He says, as he moves onto Cas’s arms. They always leave the big ones to last, work up to it. “But, he’ll find out at some point, and he’ll be more upset that you kept it from him.”
There’s a cave at the other end, and Cas pulls Dean towards it, not even stopping to tell him about the fourteen different subspecies of seaweed, or whatever, that block their path. Seaweed is gross, not quite as gross on land as it is in water, but seaweed is gross, and Dean wants it to stop touching his feet.
Dean stumbles, and Lucifer ignores Cas’s low moan, instead vocalises the kind of leading sympathy that will goad Dean into saying what he wants so badly to say.
“Well he has, so I don’t know how you expect me to keep him functional. I can’t even get him to look at me.”
Lucifer wishes he’d savoured the moment a little longer when it was actually happening, but there were constraints. Would Castiel wake up and ruin the fun, would that idiot demon decide to harm Dean? He had to rush this, and how he hates rushing things.
They bury Cas on a Thursday, and everyone is there. Sam and Charlie and Claire and Jody and Donna and Hannah and Garth and his pack and Nora and others who Sam isn’t even sure he recognises. People who knew and loved Cas, and people who only knew him by the stories that were told about him.
It’s bliss, for someone who’s struggled with the kind of self-worth issues that Dean has. There’s no doubting under that laser scrutiny that you’re the most important thing in someone’s world, no matter how much that little bit of your brain backchats and gripes sceptically.
“What are you out of your damn mind! Pamela got one sneak peak of the thing and it burned her eye out of her skull and you want to be face to face with it?!”
Castiel internally mused, “Raphael, you bastard. Not only did you take away his memory of me and returned his memories from hell you also took away his faith he was beginning to have.”
“Sorry you can’t be too careful. But that don’t make a lick of sense.” Dean replied, “Yeah you’re preaching to the choir.” Bobby explained, “Dean your chest was ribbons, your insides were slop. And you’ve been buried for four months. Even if you could slip out of hell and back into your meat suit…” “I know, I should look like a Thriller video reject.”
Castiel appeared before Uriel and the Archangel Michael. Michael spoke to Castiel, “Castiel, do you know why you were summoned?” Castiel glanced at Uriel who looked at him in disgust. “To report about Dean’s healing progress?”
Uriel contemplated for a moment before deciding against better judgement to give a favor to Castiel. He did love his brother despite Castiel’s crimes. “Would you like to see him?” Castiel looked at Uriel quizzically. “Why would you do that? Surly Michael didn’t suddenly change his mind?” “Castiel you are my brother. I do love you. I’m doing this because I care about you.” Uriel opened Castiel’s cell and reached out his hand. He flew them to a nearby cloud where they perched looking down on Earth. Sure enough Castiel saw Dean at his headstone. At that moment Cas sent a bluebird to Dean. Through the bluebird he kept his promise to watch over Dean while he was on Earth. Castiel saw Dean approaching a gas station. He couldn’t help himself. When he saw Dean he yelled for him. He called out his name. Desperate for him to know he was there watching out for him like he promised.
Sam, Dean, and Bobby regrouped in the study. Sam stated, “So they are all people that we know and people that we couldn’t save. Did you guys see any tattoos on the ghosts?”
“What is it?” Dean asked when Cas tilted his head as if he was listening to something only he could hear. “It’s Uriel, my superior. I have to report to him. I’ll be back soon. In the meanwhile eat something. It will help.”
With that Castiel flew to his favorite place in Heaven. The Heaven of an autistic man. He always found this place comforting. Surrounded by nature Castiel found himself at peace. He walked over to the stone bench to sit and analyze what he could potentially feel for the hunter. Castiel pondered why he felt the way he did. Angels were not created to become attached to humans. He realized over time that he viewed Dean as a person that had choices rather than his mission. It was Dean’s humanity that captivated him. Cas knew he fiercely cared about humans but this feels different. He can’t quite put his feelings into words.
With that last command Castiel was unable to resist the summon any longer. His true form was revealed. Suddenly the candles flame flared several feet up in the air and Pamela screamed. Her eyes flew open and where her pupils should be there were white hot flames. She collapses onto the floor still screaming. The static white noise and the flames die out.
Castiel returned to Dean and said, “As I mentioned you cannot leave until you are healed. Only then will I be able to return you to Earth.” Dean became more pissed by the minute. He faced him and yelled “How long will that take! I need to get to my brother!”
In Heaven’s prison Castiel felt a strong pull at his grace. He was being summoned by someone who was powerful enough to get through Heaven’s minor wardings. Castiel resisted the pull. He knew if showed his true form the person summoning him would be severely harmed if not killed. He tried to warn the psychic. Castiel could speak to the summoner. He spoke, “My name is Castiel. Stop this summoning. My true form will harm you. Don’t do this!”
“I mean, I've saved some people, okay? I figured that made up for the stealing and the ditching chicks. But why do I deserve to get saved? I'm just a regular guy.”
As Sam searches for Bobby he is being held captive by two young girls. The first girl tauntingly  said, “Are you scared, Bobby?”
Dean asks, “So what were you doing around here if you weren’t digging me out of my grave? Sam replied, Well, once I figured out I couldn’t save you, I started hunting down Lillith, trying to get some payback.” Bobby said accusingly, “All by yourself. Who do you think you are, your old man?” “Uh, yeah, I’m sorry Bobby. I should have called. I was pretty messed up.” Dean picks up a pink flowered bra, “Oh yeah I really feel your pain.” Ignoring Dean Sam said, “Anyways, uh I was checking these demons out of Tennessee, and out of nowhere they took a hard left, booked up here.” “When?” “Yesterday morning.” Sam replied. “When I busted out.” Bobby asks, “You think these demons are here cause of you?” “But why?”, asked Sam. Dean answered, “Well, I don’t know. A hoard of demons are here the day I bust out? It has to be connected.” Dean frowned, “Maybe it was some badass demon that dragged me out of Hell.” Even as he said that his gut feeling told him that was wrong.
Dean stood outside the motel door for what felt like an eternity, but in reality, it couldn’t’ve been more than a few minutes. His fist, balled, hovered over the door for a while, before he could bring himself to knock. After his talk with Sam about his research, he just
“Well, you did good, son.” It looked as if his father struggled just as much as Dean to get his words out.
“Barnes is filling buses with them, every kind under seventeen is getting hauled out of town,” Steve lowered his voices when a small group of fourteen-year-olds passed by them, “they’re going to some out-of-season summer camps that some of the hunters organized. All the old and crippled bastards are going too, keep an eye on the kids.”
Dean’s lips twitched, in the smallest smile he could muster at the moment, a somber feeling in the small of his back. Gabriel had been captured, there was no telling if he even was alive, and Cas was about to off go on his own, putting himself at the same risk. Come morning, he might not come back, Dean knew that. He nodded, like some sort of shitty goodbye, just in case. Cas’s eyes didn’t leave his. Dean didn’t know how, didn’t know why or when he’d started feeling like this, he just knew, as he held his hand in place, in the firm guise of a handshake, that it would be painful if he would have to let go forever.
, but all he found on the pages of chapter 121 was his last note to Cas, still neatly folded as he’d left it. Dean took it out and shook the book open, maybe Cas had gotten the page wrong.
“Well don’t you think it’s a little odd that the moment we capture the angels’ leader they go radio silent?” Bobby’s question drowned out the hunters’ voices.
Dean knew he was looking for a set of stairs that led down into the basement of the facility. Any second now, he’d be face to face with the captured leader of the angels, a celestial being of great power, who’d been trapped for a while now, probably being tortured every day as the hunters tried to gather information.  Dean’s heartbeat sped up as he heard footsteps coming closer, there were at least two sets of them, approaching him fast. He quickly opened a door to his right, sighing with relief when it appeared to be open, quietly slipping inside the dark room to wait them out.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean would have done pretty much anything as long as it meant getting out of that room before John exploded. A quick glance at his dad confirmed his thought, John’s face looked whitehot in anger and Dean knew all too well what would happen if it was just them in the room. So he quickly followed Curt out of the office, they didn’t stop walking until they were standing outside, the lights of the street lanterns illuminating both of their features.
“I’m just going to uhm, take a shower” His words tripped over each other, this was not casual at all, but Cas seemed confused enough for Dean to think he didn’t get what was happening, which was a positive. “Just, uh- feeling cold, uh hot shower.” Now he’d completely stopped making any sort of sense altogether.
“Don’t-” the hunter threw up his hands as if defending himself against Castiel’s words, “-actually answer that, I really don't wanna know.”
He moved further into Castiel’s body, closing the remaining inches between them, the arm the angel had spread out, closing affectionately over his shoulder blades, pulling Dean closer until the only thing keeping his jaw from resting on Cas’s chest, was the strength he put into keeping it hovering. And then he stopped. His face was gently cupped by the curve of Castiel’s chest, where it met his shoulder. The second their bodies touched, that skin was touching skin, Dean had to muster all the strength he could just so he wouldn’t jerk his entire body into him, more so than they already were. It was a flash of want, of need, a jarring sensation that he needed to be closer, to have all of him touching all of Cas - no inch left unattended, no stretch of skin neglected. He fought this need by the skin of his teeth, all the while trying to keep his muscles as relaxed as possible. He couldn’t afford Cas knowing what was going on in his head.
He turned on the engine of the car and let the heating melt away the fogged-up windows. He was so focused on picking out the right song that he didn’t notice his dad walking up to the car.
A disingenuous idea crept up, and Dean spoke, between the parting lips of the knowing smirk growing on his face. “Tell you what,” he tried to keep his voice low, but the mischievous tone gave him away, and he felt like a young boy all over again. “For every question, I also get one. No lying, no passing, no consequences.”
The circle tightened around them, and the angels stood, not a single movement even though fear flashed across their faces.
But it wasn’t. It wasn’t Sammy in there. So maybe he was being selfish. Or maybe he was just doing what he had always done. Protect his people. And Cas was as
“Yeah well, you’re about to be more stressed out.” Dean gave him fair warning disguised by humor. “You sure you don’t want to continue living in ignorant bliss?”
Dean’s body started moving mechanically, it was out of his control now, it was all hormones and hyperactive libido taking over. He stood perfectly still under the shower, switched the cold water for hot water, and braced his forearm in the tiled wall ahead of him. He let the water fall down the back of his neck, and let his hand get to what he wanted, what he couldn’t help anymore, there was no point.
“Someone must have betrayed us, there is no other possible explanation.” Uriel turned his gaze to Metatron seeking an answer.
“Are you kidding me? You look like the Michael Corleone of hunters.” That was a compliment aimed at himself, FYI.
Dean tried to focus on what Cas was saying while attempting the (apparently much more complicated when being watched) task of getting his boxers on under the towel.
“Are you having a stroke, dear?” Gabriel’s joke fell flat, he knew what it was, Dean’s eyes were widening as he understood what he was saying.
Dean opened the door into the cabin and Castiel followed. He followed as Dean took off his jacket and placed it in the back of a chair, followed as Dean walked into the bedroom, checking his wristwatch. Castiel didn’t know what time it was exactly, but from what he gathered by the position of the moon right before coming inside, it had to be close to midnight. They had spent a long time just sitting in silence. Dean watching the sky, Castiel watching him. At one point Dean had laid down and had set his head on Castiel’s thigh, and he had tried not to move, not to breathe in the slightest, with fear of startling him. And they stayed like that for a long time.
He was about to climb carefully over Cas when something caught his attention. Drooped around his neck, falling over the linen of the bed, a silver chain ending in a crystal-like pendant. Dean recalled Cas telling him it was an amulet, that it had something to do with his
Dean’s stomach felt heavy at the mention of the burger joint, a picture of a smiling Cas, his face smeared with about every condiment in existence, made its way into his mind. It must have shown on his face because the smile on Sam’s faltered.
Dean almost laughed at that. “Yeah, hindsight is 20/20.” Dean scrunched his forehead into three thick lines, and warmed his hands on the inside of his pockets.
Sam burst out laughing, dramatically bending down to hug his stomach, “I can’t believe it, Dean Winchester, cuddling before he even got to third base. It’s adorable.”
Within the outskirts, a school was built, just as a library, supermarket, gas station, and even a few shops. And what would Hunters' city be without its bars and cafes? Dean Winchester had mostly been to one, in particular, The Roadhouse, a bar owned by his aunt Ellen. The weekends Dean got to spend at the bar were always his favorite. Hunters from all over the city would come together and get drunk, which in itself wasn’t very charming or interesting, but Dean had come to the conclusion that drunk hunters seemed to forget they couldn’t talk about their hunting trips in front of children. He would listen to them talk for hours, usually until Ellen would scold him for eavesdropping and send him to bed.
Only a few of the prominent hunter families were invited to attend the confidential meeting. So of course, every single hunter in the city felt the strong urge to let their presence be noticed. A few men stood at the entrance of the grey, dull building and were struggling to keep the large crowd out. The building looked like it could have functioned as an office or perhaps a hotel in the past, but as of a few years, it functioned as the command center for hunter’s affairs.
On the way to the cabin, Dean wondered what he’d write down on the note. Was Cas expecting him to tell him about the conversation? Dean knew he was, but maybe he’d just meant for Dean to tell him if it went good or bad, he was probably not all that interested in the very unsettling chick-flick moment his dad had gone through with him. His grip tightened around the steering wheel. He’d told Sam and Bobby about John’s quasi-melt-down and they were as stunned as he had been. They could all agree it seemed to be some sort of breakthrough, some sort of softening, something had finally given -
They got inside fine, there were no guards at the door or alarms set to tip the hunters off, who had apparently thought no one would bother to follow them.
“What?” That was clearly not the reply Cas had been expecting, because he looked even more caught off guard than before.
It was strange, how being this close to Castiel felt familiar yet absolutely thrilling at the same time. With every inhale he breathed in the scent of Cas’s skin, the warm smell ashy from the fireplace, and a freshness he couldn’t put his finger on - it was intrinsically Castiel’s own scent -  filling his nose, and intoxicating his brain. With his ear pressed to Cas’s chest, he could hear the rhythmic beating of his heart, and he didn’t know why he was surprised to find it beat just the same as his own. Maybe the thing that had always fascinated him the most, was that with his touch he could feel the angel’s warmth, the heat of his skin radiating and sending waves of electricity through his own. He thought back of the first time Cas had touched him, to heal him, and how baffled he had been at the warmth of his touch. Their hostile act seemed so long ago now, but it couldn’t have been more than a few months.
This was it, in the car he could do it, in his car he could do anything. He waited for Cas to close the door and sit down, before starting the impala and driving off, not taking his eyes off the road.
“Ah, don’t you want to have a little fun together first?” The figure grinned as its eyes turned jet-black.
“What is that supposed to mean?” Dean had never met an angel before, he wondered for a second if they were all this fucking vague.
“Are you gonna get that open or what?” His patience ran thin, and the harshness in his voice startled the poor girl. She quickly got it open, and they went up the stairs in a heavy silence.
He tried to keep the thoughts at bay, the ones about Cas having been at the negotiation, the possibility that he could be gone forever
Dean didn’t say anything for a long time. He wasn’t sure he wanted to have this conversation now. There were things to discuss, matters of the utmost importance, and urgent, things that made everything he wanted to talk about, meaningless.
Stores faced the street on both sides of the road that stretched far into the distance. The streets were fairly busy with people flying out of the shops that had already opened their doors to their spend-happy customers. Dean had to hold back his laughter as they nearly knocked over Castiel on a few occasions, who didn’t seem used to the busy streets.
Dean laughed, whole-heartedly “What don’t you have on your face?” Cas’s face had bits of mustard and mayo all around his lips, and Dean had to refrain from the weird impulse he had to reach over and wipe it away with his thumb.
They were only inches apart, hidden away in the darkness, hidden away from prying eyes and he couldn’t avert his eyes from Dean’s jaw, clenched, traveling up to meet his eyes, bashfully, just to find them already staring back at him. He had never before, even in the dark, taken notice of how bright the hunter’s eyes were, long lashes framing them and soft lines forming from age. It was impossible to look away, he just hoped Dean would break eye contact with him first. He didn’t.
It rang inside, in flashes. He was sure it had to be what humans would feel when they woke, their dreams slipping away, but still the pictures hanging behind their eyes through the early morning hours - that was what he felt like, the remnants of that night insisting, every time he closed his eyes.
It took Dean a few scans of the abandoned road before he could see anyone. The tall trees lined the asphalt made it hard to see someone appear (from somewhere?). Dean looked down at his watch to see if he’d checked the time correctly but when he looked up the angel already stood next to his car.
“Hey Cas, we haven’t gotten a chance to finish what we were talking about this morning.” He remembered the conversation they’d left hanging, curiosity having the best of him. “Why did you leave, anyway?” He didn’t know if the angel would actually tell him, he was really wobbling over the line between flirty and being a plain asshole.
The stranger was quiet, just standing there, still as a statue. Dean shuffled nervously on his feet, this silence was making him uncomfortable. He should say something else, try to provoke his opponent, but nothing came to mind. There was something unnerving about the way the figure wasn't showing anything, no emotion, no movement, no trace of a personality. The only thing that seemed human about him, was his dark tousled hair, which conflicted with the rigidness of his entire body.
He hoped it would be enough to catch Cas’s attention, seeing as he was darting his eyes over Dean’s shoulder and to meet his gaze every other second. Dean could hear them getting closer now. He knew they had to run. His whole body, with the muscle memory from all his hunting years, begging him to move, the self-preservation instincts about to take over. But he just had to wait for Cas’s reaction, he had to know he wasn’t going to lose him today, not if Cas could help it.
“Yeah, it just smells...sticky.” There was no better way to put it, he just knew it smelled like what he could imagine the color pink tasted like.
“Figure of speech,” Dean uttered. He felt more awkward about mentioning the whole ordeal by the second.
The meeting went on with little to no interruptions, and Metatron seemed pleased with the pacific assimilation of his orders - which he referred to as
“Yeah.” He sighed. “I think he is.” Then, he proceeded to tell her exactly the same he had told Sam just the previous morning. And Jo listened, with a less surprised face, but still, a semi-hanging lower jaw.
“Maybe it’s time Heaven shows a little decency, it’s not like we, too, haven’t killed their kind before.”
“I’ve been told I don’t have one,” Dead said dryly, but his heart was beating fast, he knew he was in deep shit.
As his brain worked overtime, trying to figure out what to do - calling Sam to help was an option, he already knew more than he should, or maybe he should just risk the hospital - that’s when he saw it. Cas’s amulet was hanging around his neck, having slid into his back. The vial of grace was dim-lit, a lot darker than Dean was used to seeing it. In a rush, without even thinking about what he was doing, he grabbed it, held it in his closed fist. Dean closed his eyes so hard he could see white streaks dancing around his eyelids, against a black backdrop.
“But why are they this close to the city? There haven’t been calls this close in years.” Sam asked while throwing away half of the donut that Dean had been eyeing.
“Not in a few hundred years.” Looking around, taking in the beauty of it. If there was one thing his brother knew how to do, was live his life. He had always been a little different from the other angels, always the odd one out. And Cas had always envied the way he could do it - spend months at a time down on earth, mingle with humans in a way that wasn’t approved, and find these gems - these places God had designed, every tree, every rock was meant to be right where it was. That was the thing with angels, most of them anyway - they didn’t stop to admire the beauty down here. Nature, humans, animals… they all had their place on God’s green earth.
“That’s a story for another time.” He brushed him off. “Sam, I’m sorry, but I don’t have time to wait out your shock. Are you in or are you out?”
He wanted to ask, but he couldn’t. He didn’t even know, for sure, that Dean felt these things he was feeling - the things he had brewing inside, could be exceedingly different from the ones Dean was privy to.
“They’re coming in by the dozens” Cas’s eyes were closed, and Dean assumed he was talking about angels. As soon as Cas’d said it, there it was, the thump down over their heads, of angels - lots of them. There was only one way out, and they needed to go through it in a matter of seconds, or they were sitting ducks. “Let’s go.” Cas conceded at last, with one final, and despairing look at Gabriel.
“You can talk to me you know, I’ve helped before, remember? Jenna Davies, she dumped you senior year?”
to understand because all I know, everything I thought I knew, doesn’t make sense anymore and I can’t stand it.” Dean looked at Cas, his eyes almost pleading. “Because Cas, every second I spend with you I doubt - everything they taught me, all of it Cas, you make me question the entire way I was raised, and I fucking hate it”
Castiel watched as the last sun-rays of the day lit up the tops of the trees, casting an orange-rust glow above their heads as they walked. There was a comfortable silence between them, with only the sound of crackling leaves and the occasional breaking twig beneath their feet. He had always preferred being in nature over big cities where humans voluntarily cooped themselves up like chickens. Maybe that was the reason that his own little corner of Heaven resembled so many natural wonders, or maybe he just preferred the quiet over the busy, the slow-paced rhythm of forest animals over the rush of humans always late for something, always chasing time limits set by themselves.
The hunters' community hadn’t always been around either. Before the first attack hunters lived scattered all around the country, most of them even preferred to hunt alone. But when the world fell was under attack from the worst enemy they could have ever imagined, there was a drastic need for change. An old city was rebuilt to live up to the hunters' necessities and basic needs. In the middle of the city, they stationed the base camp, with enough to foresee about a thousand hunters. The basecamp consisted of an armory, a makeshift hospital, a training center for hunters, food storage, bunkers, and the biggest building; the command center, which also held their prison.
The night was cold, and with the adrenaline fading away, Dean could feel every bone in his body aching, begging for him to lay down and get some shut-eye. Still, he couldn’t quite do that. There were three little words hanging over his head, and this was the first moment of calmness they’d had all day.
and were making their way through Clint Eastwood’s classics, and were midway through, Dean didn’t even know which one already (Cas insisted he wanted to watch 'all of them’, though Dean had spent most of them actually napping since he’d gotten a pretty late night) when things got
It had been on the back of his mind all this time apparently because it was the first thing that came out of his mouth. “ Can angels, you know,
“Careful brother,” Ezekiel warned, “you’re insinuating an archangel has given weapons to hunters, to kill angels, and worse than that, it would mean he does not want Michael freed, and that is a serious accusation.”
what it was Dean wanted, he was afraid that his own will was starting to cloud whatever powers of deduction Castiel possessed.
“As needed as Michael is, he can’t do much from where he sits, imprisoned,” Gabriel spoke slowly as if driving Dean to the right conclusion. “There is a much more important chess piece missing.”
“Can I ask you something, Dean?” The way his name fell, in a dragged-out mumble, sent a small electric signal, from the tips of his toes to the back of his neck.
“Did you just say ‘figures’?” Sam’s eyebrows shot all the way up his forehead. “Dean, you’d probably be the first one to do the same thing. That’s what our whole family does, we hunt and kill monsters.” That was true. Or, it had been true for a long time. Now, the whole shoot first, ask questions later philosophy was stashed away inside him - he hadn’t shot Castiel, and he still didn’t have many answers to the million questions he had. Some of it was his fault, he knew, when instead of asking him necessary questions he’d pondered about wings and halos.
“Are you prepared to see the entirety of humans turned into Metatron’s slaves?” Gabriel continued, inadvertently making his point and Castiel wasn’t ready for it.
“Pleased to meet you, just Dean,” Gabriel said, and Dean let out a small laugh.  Castiel knew this would happen, they were very similar in some aspects, Dean and Gabriel, both witty beyond measure and a mischievous aura to them, as kids on the verge of doing something deliciously bad.
“So I noticed you were up early and your brother was still asleep, which is convenient because I wanted to ask you something.”
Dean's expression shifted considerably, a flicker of fear crossed his eyes, but then he toughened his gaze and opened his mouth to speak. Castiel waited, patiently for an answer. He knew it was a lot to ask, especially to a hunter whose whole life had warned him about angels. Dean had been wary of him in the beginning, and Castiel wasn’t an archangel, it was reasonable to expect resistance, but Gabriel had been insistent and gave him plenty of replies to the many objections Dean might pose.
“Now come on Gabriel, do you really want to do this here?" Metatron smiled, but his eyes were deadly. "Why not come over to my office later so we can discuss this privately?”
“Can you reach the plug to drain the water?” Dean glanced around the room again, he stepped in, taking a step to his left, his back against the humid wall. It was a small bathroom, and where he stood, in front of the bathtub, he had a direct view of the angel’s eyes, beaming from the midst of all the white bubbly soap. He felt sorry for the poor maid that would have to clean this up. “Just pull it, and come get yourself dried off.”
Dean huffed into his hands, but couldn’t warm them. “C’mon Cas, why don’t you put this all away again, and come help me carry all the lumber inside?”
of the goddamn war.” Every sentence Dean spoke just made Sam frown deeper and deeper, for a second Dean worried his face would get stuck like that.
He had been holding onto them for so long, scared that if he admitted them, it would make it actually real. However, he knew that argument was total bullshit because he knew that his feelings for Cas were the closest he’d ever even come to anything real. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to actually tell someone the thoughts that had been haunting his mind and consuming his dreams. He was drowning in them anyway, what was the worst that could happen by telling Jo? Maybe that was all he needed, to just get it off his chest, out of his system.
“Did you save Sammy’s life back there?” John’s tone was serious but there was something different about his expression, gratitude maybe?
“Fuck, Cas, I want you to do whatever the fuck you want to do. And if that’s leaving, goddamn leave, then!”
The ladder was steep and slippery, wet with what Dean hoped would be just condensation or rainwater that had dripped through the soil above. It was close enough to a ghoul’s ideal hide-out, or a shapeshifter’s nesting ground that it sent shivers down his spine. He’d always thought those were gross. Send a vampire, werewolf his way, and great, wham-bam-thank-you-mam, he’d happily decapitate the bastards, but those weird, humanoid, skin-shedding, masquerading pieces of slime, he had never liked messing with. He just wasn’t the biggest fan of tight and dark crawl spaces, and that happened to be the monster’s favorite playground.
“How do you know?!” Dean’s legs thrust him up from the chair that fell down behind him with the impulse. He felt his blood boil - his dad always thought he knew better, always hiding things and keeping secrets from him,
He had just finished talking to a woman called Rebecca, who had claimed to have seen weird footprints on her lawn. However, they turned out to be pawprints from the neighbor's German Shepherd. Dean sighed, at this rate he wouldn’t catch these suckers before the next full moon.
Still laughing, Dean walked out of the club followed by Castiel, but karma must have been out for him because the moment they were outside he saw a familiar face. Her blonde hair reflected in the sunlight and caught Dean’s eye, he recognized her clothes immediately.
He waited at the bottom of Lake Titicaca, a remote location with a wonderful name and beautiful sights, where Adina had agreed to meet him. He had hope that she would listen to him, that she would see Metatron for who he was. Adina and the few angels who saw her as a thoughtful commander were one of the last garrisons that Gabriel could still turn against Metatron.
“Come here,” the words were an order barely audible, and then the angel reached out his arm, letting it fall limply on the linen, almost an unspoken invitation for Dean fill the space, and then his chest was reddening, a surge of color and heat rising to his neck, his ears, and finally, his cheeks. He was pretty sure he had never blushed this hard in his life,
“No, I interrupted you. You were going to say?” Cas pressed, and Dean combed his fingers through his hair,
Dean tried to listen for any signs of movement, but the only thing he could hear was his own damn heartbeat, too loud - he wondered for a moment if Cas could hear it too, but hoped to hell that he didn’t.
A few shots later the Pátron bottle was dry, and Castiel still seemed pretty sober, especially next to Dean who was having trouble pronouncing words. The day’s emotions finally set aside, leaving him just full of booze and tired -
“It’s this flower I came across when I met Uriel in the amazon forest months ago. It smelled exactly like the warehouse, it has to be the same thing.” He remembered now, leaning in closer to smell a small yellow flower, and Uriel telling him not to,
“Yeah,” Dean nodded. “Unless of course, you’d rather-,” his voice was softer, barely a whisper, “ you know, stay.” and Cas struggled to make words of it. Dean wouldn’t look him in the eyes and he didn’t know what to say.
“Really?” Castiel couldn’t picture his superior with one of those spiky dog collars he had once seen on a human in a weird leather and whip gathering.
The day passed by, Dean cleaned his gun and spent most of the afternoon outside the cabin cutting wood for the fire. He wasn’t sure how Castiel occupied himself inside, but he figured that he wouldn’t pry, as long as he knew the angel was safe and close, he could relax. What he hadn’t expected though, was that as he came back inside when his hands had gotten too cold in the January chill, Castiel had been keeping himself busy by going through the entire contents of his duffel bag. It was all there, spread out across the wooden floor - jeans, jumpers, underwear, t-shirts, knives, gun, ammo, energy-bars, holy water, a bible, a measuring tape, a book, his mp3 and headphones, his hunting journal, a bunch of pens he didn’t even remember he had tossed in there. Before he could even react, his gaze found Castiel, sitting cross-legged on the floor in front of all of his things, smiling at a piece of paper. Upon closer inspection, still, the grimace of incredulity spread across his face, he realized his
“I’ll see you tomorrow morning,” Cas hesitated, “if all goes to plan.” And then his fingers were slipping out of Dean’s grasp, and he was gone.
“That…” Castiel finally spoke, a sigh leaving his lips and relaxing his shoulders, “took us long enough.” a small playful smirk sat in his face, and Dean made a mental note that he loved that smirk, and he’d do anything to see it again.
“This is for Isham,” The angel muttered, “for Benjamin,” like a chant over him, repeating names of angels Dean had never known. Dean’s body was producing enough adrenaline to keep the angel’s arm at bay, but he wouldn’t hold out for much longer, and angels didn’t get tired the same way he did. “filthy mud-monkey, you thought you could get away with killing angels of the lord?” the angel kept going, in the same chanting voice. What angels did aim for apparently, was to waste time with their prey, and Dean could work with that.
“What does that mean? And what the hell is a barley?” Dean had never spoken much with this particularly strange man. He’d seen him around, and heard of his knowledge, but had never had the chance to talk to him like this before. Everything Bobby said about him made sense now,
He tried to push himself off the table, but his legs felt as if they had been replaced by jello. Bobby would be here soon and he had to pull himself together. He couldn’t have Bobby worrying over him too. He staggered, nearly tripping over his duffle bag.
And this wasn’t the first time, either. Castiel had carried him back to this exact spot, when he got jumped by the werewolves, and even though Dean had never given the process much thought, he now realized this had to have taken time - healing Dean, and watching him. He didn’t know why Castiel had done any of this, why he kept showing up, why Dean had piqued his interest, not that he was complaining. The idea of the angel watching over him reminded him of something his mother used to tell him when he was little, way before angels turned out to be assholes
They toasted to an easy case, and talked about sports before the conversation shifted to the city and the usual gossip.
“ I- Yes.” One word, three little letters, and Dean’s entire being was set afire. He wasn’t an idiot, Cas had made it a point that he was speaking for himself. And of course, he could still be talking about some other moment in his life -
He was trying hard to think of anything other than their bodies being so close together, he could practically feel the heat radiating off Castiel. It was fine if the angel wanted nothing to do with him, but if that was the case, Dean thought, why the hell couldn’t he just
Dean chuckled, feeling somewhat flustered at the memory. “Yeah, you know, straight until in hot water.” He remembered feeling like the tiniest insect, just 19 years old, a hunter in training, thinking he was so slick and no one could tell, just to hear Bobby being so casual about it, hell, laughing about it even. It was just another one of the million ways in which he felt Bobby was more of a dad to him than John ever was. Regardless of John knowing or not, this was
Dean earned a confused look from his brother, who was used to being the one paired with him, Dean just shrugged it off. He knew damn well that his dad was using this hunt as a shitty cover, to keep a closer eye on him.
The white corridor extended, as far as sight could reach. White marble floors made the sound of footsteps resonate, as angels made their way into their respective offices and meetings. Castiel greeted some of his brothers and sisters as he walked past them, this required a small nod to acknowledge each other, it was entirely different from the pleasantries that human relationships required.
He’d have to be quick about it, if any one of his dad’s friends recognized him anywhere near the box it would cost him a lot more than just a strongly worded argument, and he wanted to avoid that at any cost. He quickened his pace, trying to remember where the box was located in the building since he’d only been there once. Dean’s eyes skimmed through the corridor, counting the doors as he walked past them, mentally remembering which was which -  armory, storage, first aid, storage, library.
“I’m good, thanks,” he shook his head, the last thing he wanted was to get pink all up his nostrils, it smelled weird enough from a distance. “What do you think it is?”
The familiar warm sensation spread from Castiel’s hand and slowly trickled down his neck, it relaxed his shoulders, his chest, and then it took over the ache in Dean’s ribs, leaving nothing but a warm and pleasant feeling. Once again he felt every muscle in his body completely relax, and he couldn’t help but sigh and lean into the comforting touch.
For a brief moment, all animosity died down as they each took a sip of their beer. Dean watched his Dad closely, and sure enough, John put down the bottle and frowned.
"God." Sam corrected unhappily. Explanations derailed several times after that. When they were finally all on the same page, everyone at the table was suffering from a headache to some degree and Bobby hadn't stopped cursing for a solid fifteen minutes.
The phone line in Dean's head went dead and left him with white noise while he tried to compute. 'Why on earth would he want me for that? Isn't he trying to make a good impression?'
Eyebrows knit together in confusion, John glared back, "What kind of hunter doesn't drink beer?" The mockery in his voice died when Jody sat down the glass in front of Benny.
The amused look that little exchange got them from Cas didn't sit right with Dean at all, it felt way too -knowing, was the only real way to describe it.
Nodding his agreement Sam hastily added, "and tell Eileen it'll be a while till we come back up."  The 'I don't want her to worry' was clear in his voice even if he refused to say it.
Shortly after they showed Bobby the rest of the bunker, Kevin situated himself in his old room to catch up on some sleep and Sam went on a grocery run to prepare for the incoming flood of hunters as he rightfully suspected that they'd need a lot over the following days. Which also meant that Bobby got a chance to talk to Dean alone.
John Winchester stood in the middle of the library as if he owned the place. Peculiar about that were only the time and date in which it happened since he had always commanded whatever space he had occupied. When he was alive, which he shouldn't be at this date and time, and yet here he was.
Glaring back for another few very charged seconds John finally gave in. And to Dean's surprise, he offered him a small smirk. "You've grown up, son. I'm glad you didn't do it," he admitted with a calculating look in Sam's direction. "Now what does a guy have to do to get a beer around here? I feel like I died and came back to life," he joked and stalked out of the library.
You suppress your feelings like you suppress everything because they're worse than failing an order or not receiving one in the first place. It's having an order and deliberately going against it. It's fighting yourself like you fought the ghosts of your very first case; alone and afraid. Every now and again your brother tries to comfort you just like he did then but you push him away now too. His knowing looks haunt you.
Dean flinched away from the topic, getting more uncomfortable by the second. "Since when do we talk about stuff like this?" He complained.
His patience was wearing thin as it mangled with the panic that was beginning to overtake his mind yet again. That was precisely why he tried not to think about Cas' absence, because it killed him when he did. But there was no reasonable way to explain that.
As if it wasn't bad enough that Bobby knew something, his Mom had guessed it too and she had barely been around Cas. How obvious had he been acting? Dean felt completely dumbfounded, he had been so sure that nobody would ever know. But as it turned out the only person who didn't know was the one who deserved to know the most. His throat was closing up on him again.
"Dad, meet Sheriff Jody Mills. She is a close friend of ours and also a hunter." Dean gestured between them vaguely, "Jody, meet our Dad." He stopped himself from adding something stupid like 'sorry in advance.'
Something told him that this time his father had not actually meant to irritate him, but the comment still stuck. The confusion must have shown on his face, or maybe on Sam's since he had always had the worse pokerface. Either way, John studied them carefully before he elaborated.
He couldn't get a single word in, Sam rushed out his explanation right away and entirely unasked. "I'm sorry, I know I'm late, before you say anything I swear it wasn't my fault," he gestured appeasingly, "My boss called minutes before I wanted to leave. I swear I would've been on time otherwise, Cas was there, he's my witness. I hope it's okay that I brought him. I think you'll get along and he seemed like he could use a drink." No wonder the kid was such a good lawyer, he well and truly lived his job.
Letting go of Kevin he awkwardly cleared his throat, "right. Beer?" And just like that, the moment passed. Their strange group moved to the kitchen and settled around the table.
"Sure do, stocked up on it a few days ago, " she threw a pointed look at John, "since you did call ahead," she shrugged and headed for the fridge, pulling out three bags of donors blood in a+. The snide look she directed at John wasn't lost on Dean. Neither was the fact that this situation was about to derail catastrophically.
The ghosts of those two nuns would never find peace, in life, their only crime had been existing. Yet your father made it clear that that's what it was, a crime. They seemed innocent to you but you weren't supposed to think. You knew what it meant then and you know it now. You don't get why that case keeps popping in your head whenever you look at him though.
Somehow you now finally trust your brother, you see what he saw, you can finally tell that it was your father who was wrong, that his orders were cruel, that you can be good without being what he wanted you to be. He didn't know of Angels, he would have tried to kill them if he did. But there is one Angel in your life who is better than all the others, you know you'll never kill him come what may. Take what your father would have wanted you to do with you to the grave.
"You know, maybe we should just let him believe what he wants to believe. This certainly sounds better than secret DnD," Dean joked, now that he could talk again.
"Okay, first of all, you're not giving any orders while under this roof. Capiche?" Dean snapped back as he came out of that weird melancholy daze that had possessed him.
You weren't dead because you were in hell, you were dead because your brother couldn't need you anymore and your father could give you no orders, so you gave up and that was what killed you.
As it turned out, Bobby didn't have much memory of Heaven other than having been there and that it didn't suck. While Kevin also didn't remember Hell much, he was still certain that it had sucked in his case. "Be glad that you don't remember it," Sam and Dean told him as one.
John sat with his back to the fridge so he hadn't seen it yet. As Jody went to fill the contents of the first bag in a large glass John looked Benny up and down once more.
The word 'friend' etched itself into his conscience like acid, that's how blatant that underestimation was. The pain must have been evident in his voice because his father's expression turned impossibly colder. Sam put a steadying hand on his shoulder, normally Dean would flinch away but this time he allowed himself to appreciate it.
Dean and Sam both tensed and Benny threw them an odd look. When he had first called a few days ago, they agreed to inform all the hunters in the house of who, or rather what, Benny was. The idea was to prevent misunderstandings and since most of them already knew Garth it hadn't been too hard to convince them that a vamp could change sides too. Or at least they trusted that messing with anybody under the Winchester brother's protection was stupid if you wanted to live.
"I'm sorry what?" Winding himself out of his mother's grasp his emotions quickly subsided under a well-worn blanket of denial. Hiding was the only reaction to this that he knew, so that's what he did.
Eileen next to him threw him a questioning glance and his mood fell even further. He really could have lived without Eileen knowing what an ass his dead beat father was. And he could only imagine how Dean would react when he saw that John was back but Castiel still wasn't. He just hoped Dean wouldn't revert to his old self that lived to be his father's soldier. His brother had come so far that Sam couldn't help but think that would be the ultimate punishment.
But you never stop feeling like a soldier, waiting for an order from a father who has abandoned you. Every page in that diary is a reminder of your failures but you force yourself to read it all, again, and again, and again. After all, pain has always been the only constant in your life.
Then John attacked him. It happened so suddenly that had it not been for years of training he would have been on the ground in a second.
The truth was if he told them, nothing would stop him from mourning openly. Even worse, they'd ask questions and force him to deal with it and there were no words in the world that described how much he couldn't do that. He'd rather hold onto the pain because the bigger part of himself was convinced he deserved it.
In every reunion there is hope and your bond grows stronger, it's no longer this invisible thing that you can hide. Because after all, your Angel fell for you. He brought down heaven, for you. Everyone who knows you knows him too, knows you can't be separated, and they talk. You hear the whispers but you've stopped caring. Your father will never be the wiser as long as you just don't give in.
"Are you going to stare at me all day or what?" John barked at them. The man really found the nerve to try and give orders as if he weren't bound to a chair, in the cellar of a secret organization's bunker, currently inhabited exclusively by people who had died before.
Later that same day Sam found himself in Jack's room with Mary and Bobby to either side of him, staring down at the unconscious kid. He had only seen Dean in passing who continuously paced between Jack's room and the library. Always reading something that might help get Cas back, always checking on Jack. Sam knew he'd break sooner or later and he hated it but Dean didn't even want to be in the same room as him at the moment.
"He said 'they're all back,' that's what we wanted, right? Maybe he was just telling us he succeeded?" Sam said hopefully but Dean didn't buy it.
Looking up at him with wide eyes from where he was seated behind a mount of books, Sam waited for an explanation, his own irritation having seemingly subsided at his brother's outburst. Dean fought with himself over what to say until finally exhaustion won out and the anger in him was replaced with the same bone-deep sadness and sorrow he had been wearing like a blanket for the past few days.
Allowing the silence to stretch on, Dean didn't know what he was hoping for. Maybe he was hoping Bobby would guess what was going on. But then he'd know and it would start another round of even worse conversations.
"Would you mind telling Dean and that our father is back? He will want to know," he whispered to her and squeezed her hand for reassurance. "I'll handle this," he promised, more to himself than to her.
"They're all back" Jack gasped, his eyes opening wide in panic. Sitting straight up as if he had been electrocuted, Jack blindly grabbed for Dean, fingers digging into his shoulder with iron strength.
Bobby stared right back with that look he always got when he was in deep concentration. "But the thing is, these types of deals always go wrong Dean. Always. You know that," he said earnestly. Dean sighed.
Occasionally you find yourself praying and you have stopped wondering why. Sometimes you catch yourself thinking you're praying when really there is just a single name on your lips. You know why, but you pretend like you don't. So long as he wants to stay with you, you are happy to let him.
Taking a moment to reconsider he realized that he probably wouldn't have spoken to his father like that twenty years ago. He didn't care. Ever since Cas was gone he found it hard to care about anything at all other than getting him back and this was costing him time he'd rather use to research.
Something was seriously wrong with Dean and he didn't think it had anything to do with seeing his father get the crap punched out of him. He felt Sam look at him but couldn't meet his eye, chest constricting more with every second.
"Thanks for getting this, I really do appreciate it," he said hungrily. Then he turned to John with an uncaring grin, "I don't drink beer."
"Listen to me!" He gasped between blocking John's punches. "Let me prove it's really me!" John ignored him, punching on relentlessly. At least they didn't have any weapons and Sam had the advantage of his height.
He hoped by taking up a shift watching over Jack and seeing if Bobby knew anything about magically induced comas he could reduce some of the weight resting on his brother's shoulders. Even if it was Dean himself who was putting the weight there.
"No. No, he's not," said Mary calmly and pressed her lips together as if she were unhappy with her admission.
His voice echoed unpleasantly in Dean's mind. His brother only knew half of how true it was that they'd have lost without Cas, how he alone had been the one thing that drove Chuck's plan awry and made them become self-aware.
"You'll see her after you listened to our story. Maybe. If she wants to. Because you should know that she's with us. She met Castiel, she knows about Benny, she will accept your bullshit as little as we do." He knew she'd want to see him again as much as that stung, but it couldn't hurt to keep him in suspense.
Dean interrupted, "we think you are back for a reason. We can't be sure what we'll be dealing with but Chuck was pissed so we should expect something big. Jack resurrected you so we have a chance against whatever Chuck let loose before be died," he explained with a frown. "At least that's our theory. Kid passed out before he could explain properly."
He had seen his brother grief for Castiel before, in a way this time was worse. But all he could do was wait and hope to be there when Dean inevitably broke down. He never quite understood their relationship but he didn't have to understand it to love his brother and miss his friend. Here he was, trying to pick up the pieces yet again, despite knowing it wasn't enough.
It was in the evening on the day of her arrival that Dean found himself in the library with his mother and Sam as if no time had passed since she last died. He was enjoying the feeling immensely until she, unfortunately, had to ask what he and Sam were researching. He sighed and once again forced himself to explain what had happened to Cas.
"Balls," Bobby said with deep conviction and downed the rest of his drink. "If it's going to be one of those days I need something stronger than that," he added with a glance at the empty bottle in front of him.
Countless in character monologues for his and Charlies' amusement about his characters 'difficult' brother came back to him all at once. As the realization about just what Cas found so amusing dawned on him he felt the strong urge to climb under the table. This was bad. He just hoped that his face wasn't as red as it felt and that the other two would both keep their trap shut and that the evening would end soon and that somebody would explain already- he stopped his train of thought there, before it crashed into a wall, that were a lot of things to hope for and he needed to take a deep breath.
He shook out of it quickly. Things did change, they were living proof for that. Allowing himself a moment to consider how grown up his little brother looked, he could note with satisfaction that there was no way that John had had more of an impact on Sam than he had. Sam was a better man on his worst days than John on his best and Dean wasn't about to take credit for that but he liked to think that he helped.
"I wasn't talking to you, Sam. Dean, speak for yourself." Something about his demeanor had changed between hearing that Cas was an Angel and the mention of Benny. The calculation in his attitude was familiar to Dean and yet it felt off.
Sam sighed deeply as if he were the one under investigation. "You guys could have just told me that you used to date. It's not a big deal."
"Man, I told you we could have picked you up," Dean interrupted him, instant worry bubbling up in his stomach but Benny just raised an eyebrow at him and scoffed. Technically he knew he was overreacting but practically he felt responsible for every single person that had been resurrected and since they were all reckless hunters that had started to wear him out fairly quickly.
You remember that case again, how their bones burned, and a part of you with them. You were 17 and it was the only time you questioned one of your father's rules. You never figured out how he knew, but you were filled with dread and shame just the same. It's the same feeling that comes over you now, every time you long to ask this strange Angel to stay but you are far from admitting that to yourself.
Somehow you've found a home along the way. You have everything that was never supposed to be yours but it all comes with a catch. Your brother is there because he can't be anywhere else, your Angel is there but he isn't yours, you have a home now but it's also a war base. It's the most normal your life has ever been and you are still doing your job, it helps combat the guilt. You wouldn't have it any other way and some days you think your Angel and your brother agree.
Bobby nodded, "didn't remember him as the socially gifted kind but I guess he knew what he was doing with a half angelic child," he shrugged his approval. "Who will look after him when he wakes up? You know, in case Cas won't be-" he let the sentence hang in the air and a brief look of guilt crossed his face for bringing it up. Sam stifled a smile, Bobby had never been good at hiding his big heart.
"The kind that prefers blood," deadpanned Benny, before promptly beginning to gulp down the entire glass as quickly as he could. Dean assumed they had about twenty seconds.
In silent agreement, they dragged him into the living room and deposited him on the couch. Holding the boy steady by his shoulders, Dean tried to discern what was wrong but there was no physical harm to make out. Still, Jack's head lulled to the side, his eyelids fluttering shut. Panic came over him. He knew some part of their plan had worked, he saw that some people were back, so what was this supposed to mean?
Once they were alone with their father, Dean got a strange flashback of what his life looked like fifteen or so odd years ago, not counting hell-time. Seeing his brother's dismayed scowl directed at the man in front of them, he was struck with the sensation that some things never change.
Sam instantly fell for the distraction, "We are more likely to win the case if the funding for the remaining research is secure," he continued in his no-nonsense voice, original question completely forgotten. "Otherwise I think the conservative old guy who happens to be the judge might side against us cause arguing on behalf of a project that might not happen isn't worth it."
"Easier for you," Cas said with emphasis on the 'you'. "I am lying to a colleague, and friend, for no good reason." He regarded Dean calculatingly, arms crossed and deep in thought.
It was late in the afternoon when after hours of research and one heartfelt and uncomfortably honest conversation, Sam had finally managed to convince him that he needed a break. They hadn't talked much after his confession, Sam just let him be and dove into the work ahead of them which Dean appreciated.
Dean and Cas exchanged a short glance of mutual agreement, the kind they had to practice to get sneaky ideas past the DM. It almost made him smirk how quickly they managed to get on the same page. No way in hell were they telling Sam they knew each other through DnD. That was something only other true RPG players would get to hear, the patronizing smiles and nerd jokes got old too quickly to mention it to others. They made their way toward the table in silent agreement.
He looked around, and Jo nodded in confirmation. Bobby’s face was hard and unreadable. Then again, he always looked kind of grumpy. Dean watched as he got up from the armchair and took three strides towards him, eyes locked with his. He was definitely the one person besides his dad that could make his skin crawl like this.
“Yes,” Castiel crumpled the napkin with his hands and a pleased smile appeared on his face as he placed it on top of the empty plate.
“You have no idea what it’s like. And fuck, I hope you never do,” John’s eyes stuck to the tabletop as if he was simultaneously reading instructions on ‘how to communicate with your son’. “I hope you never get to know how fucked up it is, to love something that death can touch. To have something you love so much, that you don’t even see it when, without warning, it gets taken away again.”
“That’s not what I’m talking about, and you know it.” He wanted to stop talking, but he couldn’t, it was out of his control now. He didn’t care how he sounded, that he sounded weak, and hurt. All he cared about now was to have Cas say anything, either way, to put him out of his misery. If Cas was going to die in this war, and he seemed determined to do so, he had to know.
“Yeah? When did you get so wise?” Dean unglued his eyes from the floor, at last, and caught Jo’s gaze, quickly getting the answer to his question. She didn’t need to say it, it was all over her face. Dean tried his hardest to swallow down the over-protectiveness he was wired to spit out, and avoided demanding to know who it was that was dipping his paintbrush in Jo’s watercolors. “You can talk to me too, you know? I promise I won’t hulk out.”
“You’re a hunter boy, aren’t you?” Bobby pulled Dean back out of the car by the lapel of his leather jacket. “Act like it. You work it like any other job. You investigate, you talk to the locals. Whatever you gotta do. This whole damn city is in your hands.”
It gave him an idea, an idea which could either be the worst one he’d had so far around Dean or it could give him more of what he wanted, more of that intoxicating smile. He closed his eyes for a brief second because he needed better focus for this part.
Dean watched as Castiel fumbled with the knobs of the shower until hot water poured out, fogging up the small mirror above the sink. He could feel a slight blush creep onto his cheeks now, normally, he wouldn’t hesitate to undress and just step into the shower, but this was
He should probably just casually try to get them on without dropping the towel around his waist, it was the normal thing to do, it’s what he’d do if it were Sammy in the room.
Cas didn’t answer. Instead, he closed the small distance between their fingers, side by side, touching, and then, he covered Dean’s hand with his and squeezed lightly, almost as if he was scared Dean would break. The warmth over his hand threw him into the pit of longing he sometimes fell in, and he let himself melt into the touch, forgetting to breathe.
“No,” again Castiel wished he could tell Uriel the truth. He didn’t like lying to his brother, especially not about their mission. However, he had no way of ever explaining the things he had done. He wasn’t even fully able to explain it to himself.
“Well, I think it’s about time someone stood up for what they believe in,” Ellen smiled at Bobby who suddenly seemed very busy with shoving around the peas on his plate, a small blush seemed to appear under his beard.
He’d been actively avoiding his dad for the past few weeks, for a number of reasons. For one, he wasn’t sure he could talk to the man without losing it, after what Michael had told him. After that, he got to find his dad in the warehouse when he was supposedly on a hunt in Milwaukee, but he was actually striking deals with some angel. And just last night, his dad had caught Dean trying to sneak into his office. So, to say that they had a major bone to pick with each other was a massive understatement, and Dean was sure it wouldn’t end well for either of them. As much as he felt like confronting his dad, he knew it would probably be best to just let him simmer down for a while.
Dean contemplated going out there before the minute was up when a blue light seeped through the crack under the door. The light cast a shadow on the kitchen floor. Dean recognized it immediately. Then the light slowly faded again and Dean found himself standing with his hand on the door handle before he realized it.
They ran for a long time, and this time around Dean made sure Cas was in front of him. He felt his brain go empty of any thoughts, any worries other than instinctual survival, and he let his body run in auto-pilot. The only part of him, he still controlled, that he would never stop controlling, were his eyes, on Cas like a falcon’s. They followed his every move, every jolt of his muscles, every thump to the earth as he ran. Dean followed the way Cas’s clothes swung with the wind, and the speed, how sometimes his shirt would get caught up in his elbow and lift slightly, revealing pale skin. He tried not to notice how Cas would look back, finding him, giving a small, almost imperceptible smile when he did so. He tried not to notice it, but every time his heart felt like it caught inside his chest, and his breath hitched in his throat, messing his running rhythm up.
He followed her gesture inside the house. It was much tidier than his house, but then again, they were women, and in the Winchester household, just three men. And it smelled good too. That’s something he’d always loved about Ellen’s house -
“You don’t need to say it, Dean.” Castiel cut him off, clearly not interested in the shitty apology coming his way.
Dusk was the perfect time for them to leave the cabin for a bit, get some fresh air. Even though Dean had been pretending he was fine with being cooped up inside all day, Cas could tell he was becoming restless by the minute, so he had suggested going for a walk through the woods. Dean had objected at first, telling him that it was too dangerous in the forest so close to the city. Castiel had finally won their discussion by reassuring him that anyone they could potentially run into wouldn’t even know he was an angel, and if they did, he could always disappear back to the cabin.
“You fucking asshole, what do I want from you?” heat rose in his back, up his neck, and he let his anger take him over, because it was either that or the burning sensation under his eyes, that he would not let happen. “How about a fucking reply? I tell you I -, I care about you and this is what I get? A half-assed goodbye and a suicide declaration? You can tell me to fuck off, or that you don’t feel this between us, that I’m fucking crazy for feeling it, but for shit’s sake, just say
He tried to shake the memory of the night before as he took his shirt off. Dean unbuckled his belt, slowly, painfully aware of the eyes on his back. He dropped his jeans to the floor and to his surprise the angel followed his lead, stripping down to nothing but his boxers.
They’d been in silence for a few minutes, but now the silence was different, it was absolute - just the birds chirping away like the happy motherfuckers they were, and only one breath visible in the cold air.
“You’re right, it’s all quite repetitive.” John walked towards the table where various torture devices were displayed. “How about we try something new?” He smirked.
He knew it had been no coincidence that Uriel had asked him to meet in that specific part of the forest.
Dean raised his eyebrows, he hadn’t thought that the angel would give in this easily. He had been prepared to use all the probing techniques he knew, to make Cas answer all the burning questions that were constantly on his mind. Like how had the angels gone from the humans’ protectors to their enemies, how had they turned a co-operation into a deadly feud?
Castiel’s face turned unreadable, like a marble statue, and Dean decided he didn’t like it when that happened. He turned his eyes away, focusing on the open road instead.
is how you win a game of pool, Sammy.” Dean waved a small stack of cash in front of his brother’s face.
As always, the biggest shout out to my lovely friend and beta, Fred, who has been supporting me and helping me write this fic. Go show her some love on
, but now it seemed completely hopeless. She was fine, she was just great, but something was just not right.
He opened a few doors along the way, carefully, just a small crack to peek inside, just to check if he wasn’t mistaken.  Most of them were used for storage, and some didn’t even hold anything. He briefly wondered why every door appeared to be unlocked when hunters were known for their suspicion and precautions, but then again, it’s not like they were worried other hunters were doing what he was doing right now. A pang of guilt made him swallow in dry, but Dean quickly shook the feeling aside.
The angel tilted its head slightly as if it helped to comprehend Dean’s words. “Fine, I will heal him. But you cannot tell anyone about this.”
“Try me.” Sam was daring him to do anything but talk to him, and Dean wasn’t sure if he was bluffing or not.
“Yeah, well, I bet you bastards have a million reasons for whatever the hell you want” Dean didn’t know whether to believe Michael but he damn well knew he couldn’t show him any hesitation, or this conversation would be over before it even started, and he still hadn’t figured out what Castiel had wanted him to.
Now this poor family of four lived in the home, unaware of the horrid history the house held. Until they became the victim of strange occurrences, of course, it didn’t take much digging after that to find out what really happened in their home.
The air outside was cold and dry, the night had fallen and with it, the temperature too. It had to be in the negatives now.
Cas smiled at that, raising his eyebrows and letting the back of his head hit the door frame behind him. “You have no idea,” and the angel chuckled -
He didn’t know why he let himself relax again in Castiel’s company, or why he kept letting his guard down. But at the same time, there was no hostility in the air between them, there was nothing but kindness and respect for each other and it made Dean uneasy, because this wasn’t something he was used to, he’d never felt so drawn to anyone, and yet, so weary of the consequences.
“We know nothing about this damn guy, no one has ever even seen him around here. For all we know he could be working with those bastards." Bobby objected.
“Dean, this is getting time-sensitive, things in the city are so tense that the smallest spark could start light this fire. We need to move, and we need to move fast. If what you told me about Michael being the only one who can prevent this is true, then, we need him out
Jo smiled knowingly, nodding for him to go on. Dean couldn’t help but look away, he felt his ears burn as he continued to talk.
Indoor classes were scheduled until 12 pm. That's when they would move on to Dean’s favorite part: the actual training. Even though stealth training was quite lame, fighting and gun shooting made up for that. They also learned how to load a gun, take it apart, and put it back together again.
If you wanna be the first to get notified when a new chapter is on its way make sure to follow me on Tumblr @totallyxawesome.
The box was actually not just an ordinary prison cell. It was perhaps the most heavily guarded room in all of Missouri. While Dean had only been there once, way before Michael was even captured, he knew that there were now angel proofing sigils drawn on every wall and door. Supposedly also on the chains that would hold the angel. He had never seen the sigils with his own eyes, but he knew they were the same sigils that also painted the city’s walls, together with the demon warding sigils. They hadn’t been there when the city was first built, but a few years ago a traveling hunter who specialized in angel warding was kind enough to teach them everything he knew.
“Me too,” Hael fastened her pace to match with Castiel’s. “Metatron is a great leader, isn’t he? Who would have thought?” She smiled, and Castiel had to make an effort not to roll his eyes. But he couldn’t help but notice that this was the way angels were supposed to be, naive and used to following along, like ignorant sheep that had no clue when they were being led astray.
“That’s not how they work, don’t forget that angels are taught to protect humans. Whether they want to or not, it’s how they’re wired. That being said they’ve done worse than wipe one little city off the earth, however, that was always under supervision.”
The discussion was heated, and more angels pitched in, their voices not overshadowing the growing brawl, instead, cheering one or the other on.
doing this, there was a lot to go over. Once the awkwardness of an emotional fit started to wear off, and Dean’s head felt clearer, he found himself in dire need of another drink. Cas accompanied him back inside, nodding along when Dean said they ought to be getting hammered, even though he wasn’t sure the angel could even experience the effects of the booze like he did.
Dean nudges at one of the wings with his foot, contemplates stamping on it as he wonders where his bloodlust has gone. He’s angry and scared, holding a weapon, and the Mark doesn’t seem to give a shit. Every fucking cloud.
Sam grabs a belt from the bedside, shoves the leather into Dean’s mouth, between his teeth. Satisfied that he isn’t going to bite off his own tongue, Sam flattens his considerable mass over Dean’s frame, does his best to keep him still.
Dean sighs, the hand near Cas’s twitching with the urge to comfort him physically. That’s what Dean does best, not the words and the emotional comfort. It’s always a struggle to get the right words out at the right time.
“Clothes shopping, huh? Dean makes a surprisingly good Gok Wan, don’t you, Dean?” Charlie speaks up before things can get too somber. She’s getting very good at diffusing this sort of miserable tension – and you’d hope so with all the practice. Maybe when this is over she’ll set herself up as a counsellor somewhere far away from the Winchesters – those who’re so by blood
That’s a solid, physical sensation, a weakness and a tingling in your muscles. This feels deeper, deep enough that if he didn’t know how bullshit that was, Dean would say it’s in his soul. But nah, it can’t be that. Might be his internal organs, though. He briefly wonders if he’s getting paid back for the heart attack that should’ve killed him all those years ago, or maybe it’s his liver waving the white flag, like thank you and goodnight I did my best but now it’s time for me to bow out, good luck.
“It’s not your fault.” He says, a token reassurance that he means every fucking word of but knows won’t stick.
Not an easy situation for either of them, this charged and difficult silence, but Cas can’t bring himself to say anything. He knows he needs to apologise, for lying – by omission perhaps, but still a lie – for lashing out at Dean when all he was attempting to do was offer some scant comfort. He’s fumbled through it in his head a hundred times. I didn’t mean to hurt you. I didn’t
He finishes painting the sigil on, but doesn’t activate it, not yet. First he walks carefully up to the door of the cabin, places the trap sheet down right in front of it – so it’s impossible to enter or leave without having to step over it. That done, he checks his gun, weighs it in his hand and holds to see if he can keep it steady.
There’s a sudden jolt, tinged with fear, and then Cas hears Dean’s voice in his head. A formal prayer.
“Don’t worry.” Cas says acerbically, picking up on Dean’s tone. “If I ask you for heroin you can say no.”
Dean watches Cas curl back in on himself, feels like the worst fucking human being in the world. Dude asks for one thing and you go nah, fuck you.
“It’s not a problem. I’d ask you don’t let anyone know where I am?” Charbiel asks, even though now that she’d been found, there’s no way she’s going to stay here. She said she’d keep Sam informed, she never said she trusted him in any way whatsoever.
“Sooo,” Dean begins, with the type of drawn out faux casualness that means he’s been trying to work out how to bring something up for a while. It’s a tone Cas recognises from a thousand films – so much so that he half expects Dean to start telling him that he talked to their mutual friend Sandra last night, and she said she hasn’t seen Cas at yoga for months – so where was he really, and why was he lying?
“You know we’re not allowed to let you in here without the boss.” The one on the left grits out, irritated and exasperated. A disagreement he’s clearly had with Rowena many times before.
Cas shrugs. What does it matter? He doesn’t even have enough impulse control to stop himself scratching his skin until he bleeds. How on earth is he going to stay clean and sober once he’s let out of these cuffs?
Cas swallows down the bitter reply that automatically curls around his tongue. Dean is teasing. This is lighthearted and fun bickering. No need to sour it and bring everyone down by telling Dean to stop bouncing forward to some magical future point where all this is okay and he’ll be able to get in and out of a hammock unaided.
Sam grabs their new first aid kit – an actual one, because dental floss and whiskey are great, but they’re not on the road so he thought why not buy something that is
“Most people usually go with something significant, like their address, or lucky number or year of birth.”
A bloom of fondness in the centre of Cas’s chest. Dean doesn’t think he’s smart because he thinks intelligence is measured in grades and long, boring tomes. He doesn’t realise his wealth lies in tactics and practical applications. Pool is the perfect example. It’s a game of angles – that’s just math with extra steps.
The violence that follows is cartoonish too. Over the top and ridiculous, even if it doesn’t quite start that way.
Dean shrugs and lets Cas kiss away the lingering traces of the nightmare. Cas takes the lead for a few moments, but then he pulls back and Dean follows him, slowly turns them around so that Cas is the one leaning against the headboard, Dean kneeling over his outstretched legs. Cas groans into the kiss as Dean lifts his hands up to his face, bracketing it. He brushes his thumb against the smooth skin there, idly wonders what it’d be like to feel stubble.
“Huh.” Dean scuffs his shoe in the dirt, idly tracing out a pointed star. “Not any demon can write the deal I want.” He looks up, direct and piercing.  “Any demon could sign it, though.”
Dean looks down at his phone. He recognizes the number, one of Sam’s many burners. He cuts the call with gritted teeth.
He poises the blade over Cas’s back, wondering how strong these particular marks are, how much of it is padding and how much is actual effect. He figures start in the middle and work outwards. There’s a looping spiral there which he digs out, repeating reassurances to himself in his head at first, and then out loud.
Cas sets up the shot, listens to Dean’s advice and changes the angle fractionally. It’s a good shot, sinks the ball easily.
Dean raises an eyebrow. “You wanna persuade me to sit down and let you dick around the kitchen with razor sharp knives by reminding me that your hands are still a bit shaky?”
Cas mojos them both clean with a sweep of his hand, then kicks off his shoes and shirt and pants, stripping down entirely and lying down on the bed.
“Fine. You can come.” She doesn’t punch the air, doesn’t want to look too triumphant and make him change his mind. “We should rest up first, though. It’s not an easy route to heaven – we’ll probably have to kill quite a few angels.”
She watches with no small amusement as Dean and Cas start to inch closer together, seemingly unaware that they’re doing it.
The demon doesn’t get far. Dean grabs it as it’s climbing into a car, snaps a set of devil’s trap handcuffs on – he never goes anywhere without a set nowadays – and drags the thing back into the house and to where Cas is.
It’s pulsing pretty strongly right now, but that’s to be expected. Dean wants his help. Dean always wants his help, very rarely wants him. No matter how much Lucifer wants to claim otherwise.
But he can’t do that, so instead he sits up, too quickly, of course. His head spins and he doubles over, retches onto the floor. He notices with mild disinterest that his nails are bloody and ripped, and that there’s a dent in the wall by the bed.
And that’s exactly what Dean doesn’t want to hear. He wants less fucking self control from Cas, not more. He wants Cas to feel able to tell him what was going on, to feel able to tell him every time he’s being unhelpful.
Dean won’t meet his eyes, staring at a patch of floor by Cas’s feet, and Cas can’t let him go without even looking him in the eyes one last time.
Lelahel looks at Sam sharply, and then takes the phone from him and frowns at it. Binary starts to scrawl over it, looping around and over.
“Because—” Because he wants to talk to Dean but he cant — because Dean has split, because Dean is suffering enough of Cas’s secondhand misery. Because every time he opens his big, fat mouth his tongue just hangs there limp and useless and won’t form the words.
“We could perform a mercy kill.” Cas says bitterly, refusing to meet Dean’s eye, refusing to even talk
“I think it’s a miracle you’re still breathing! I think it’s a miracle you haven’t taken a gun to your head or thrown yourself off a cliff or ended up in an asylum somewhere, gibbering and giggling to yourself! Humans weren’t built to survive the kind of pressure that you have both endured, been
“Geddof, Riot”. He hits out at the furry lump, trying to push it off the bed. Except the furry lump has a decidedly person shaped face, and, huh.
Cas doesn’t respond, tries to curl in on himself and ignore the memory Lucifer is shoving at him. He’s done what he can, he just wants to be gone. This is his limit – Dean is alive, whatever happened to Sam is in the past and he can’t change that. He can’t watch Lucifer reveal himself to Sam, watch Sam’s trust be shattered all over again. Can’t watch whatever comes after.
“What about this isn’t weakness?” Cas spits, suddenly all venom. “The bit where I can’t stand by myself, or maybe the bit where you’re keeping me chained to the wall because you can’t trust me not to run off in search of a hit?”
He’d known that this was a gathering of hunters, that hunters aren’t the most tolerant of people. Shit, he’s always hated the way most of them talk to him, teasing him for his pretty face and his girly mouth. But he hadn’t put it all together, realised just how much worse it’d be this time. He hadn’t processed what that’d mean for him and Cas.
Cas shrugs, and Sam mumbles something that might be “Stanford,” Dean can’t hear over the sound of his asscheeks screaming in pain.
Instead he stuffs it in his hoodie pocket, grabs his cane and limps out of his room, makes it halfway up the corridor before he has to rest – he tried to go too fast once again and now he’s paying.
Finally it seems like Orcus is listening to her. It cocks its head again, drags her through the air so that she’s floating alongside Dean.
“Don't call yourself shit, Dean, because you're not. And I love you, I do. But I won’t sit by your side and let you lash out at me and then try and redeem yourself over and again. I took it when you treated me badly before, but it has to be different now - or I go."
“And if someone attacks the bunker, and it’s just you and Charlie defending, because I’m half dead and taking Dean with me?”
Not that he’d have a gravestone for that to be inscribed on, anyway. There’s a hunter’s funeral in his future, somewhere. Ashes to ashes. He wonders who’ll be there to light the pyre – can’t decide whether he hopes it’ll be Dean or not. It’s not that he wants Dean to die before he does – he wants, more than most things, for Dean to live a long and happy life. It’s just, he’s seen what happens to Dean when death claims the people he’s bound himself to.
Dean’s learning to ignore this kind of insult. Everyone needs a pressure valve, especially living as much in each other’s pockets as they do here. Sam’s is running, Cas’s is aggressive snark, the less said about Dean’s the better, and Charlie’s is apparently calling him out on his emotional foot in mouth disease.
Dean looks like he’s about to raise a protest, and Charlie neatly kicks him in the shins and gives him
Dean sits there for a long time, until the cold has begun to seep into his bones and he’s shivering again. Sam sits down beside him, doesn’t say a word this time. He’s just there. Solid, familiar.
Sam turns away, a clear dismissal, and Crowley hums contemplatively. Perhaps he did what he swore he never would. Perhaps he underestimated Dean Winchester.
The car Charlie casually liberates is a Land Rover, because yes, eco disaster, planet killing, gas guzzling piece of shit though it might be, it is also exactly what they need right now. Everything has a purpose. A Land Rover’s is off-road, rugged terrain – not the suburbs. She still feels guilty, don’t get her wrong, but not guilty enough to try and drive a Prius through fucking scrubland.
He wants to throw up, and he wants to lie here and savour the echoed high until it wears off, and he wants the memories of how desperately, pathetically needy he was to dispel themselves and never darken his conscious or unconscious mind again.
His original plan, or the parts of it that came to fruition, have taken their toll on Dean. That much he can see clearly, and it makes his grace sing with a joy almost akin to gazing onto the face of his Father. Dean looked sallow, drawn out and barely functioning. And that was good, but it isn’t what Cahor wants. He wants him destroyed. He wants him enthroned in a hell of his own making.
He doubles over, drawing in great agonising breaths that make his back ache with fresh agony as it pulls at his wounds.
Cas pads over and sits beside him, pulls Dean up so that he’s sitting against the wall instead of lying in the rubble on the floor. Dean slumps against him instead, head on his shoulder, shaking with an emotion Cas can’t quite identify, anger or sadness or something else entirely. He rests his head on top of Dean’s, gently wipes the soot out of his eyes.
He’s pretty sure where Cas’s prostate is now, gives it a firm nudge to check. Cas goes rigid, little cut out gasps of “De-De-Dean,” finishing in a petulant snap as he withdraws his fingers altogether.
He’d hauled it out of the car, dumped it in the war room and thought that was the end of it. It wasn’t. The end of it was Sam trying to ask what time he thought they should have the ceremony, and being answered with a near black eye.
Even Cas laughs at that, watching as Dean helps her pick her ball – she only has two left, so barely a choice – and then gently nudges her into the correct position.
“He won’t, he trusts you.” Charlie says, although her reassuring tone is somewhat lost through the mouthful of food she spews it through.
It’s rooted, under his skin now, and if the forest decides it wants to take Dean tonight, all the wards in the world won’t be able to stop it.
“I’ve been waiting for you.” Dean chokes out. “I’ve been looking...” He trails off, shakes his head. He grabs Cas into a hug, buries his head in his shoulder and breathes out four years worth of tension.
“No I don’t. I can’t be killed by normal ways – that means I can do shit you can’t even dream of, go places you that would rip you apart. I’m not letting you come along to heaven with me and get killed. Capiche?”
, with her expression. And maybe he doesn’t get the exact wording, but Dean gets the gist, flushing slightly and moving on to feeding everyone else. Of course he eats last, despite Sam’s offer to take over the pan for a bit, but that’s just Dean. Although whether it’s because he wants everyone else fed first or because for some reason he has a major distrust of Sam and baking, Charlie isn’t quite sure. Maybe both.
“Little Big Planet 3. It’s super multiplayer so even Liam and Noel Gallagher over there will be able to jump in when they’re done arguing.”
Cas doesn’t flinch, but he does take on this unusual stillness. The ability to completely quell himself is one of the few things that gives away that he hasn’t always been human. It happens every time he tries to hide what he’s feeling – he just, stops. Cas’s emotions are all or nothing. Open book, or literal robot, he still hasn’t quite got the hang of nuance.
Cas draws his knees up, so that Dean can have full access. It hurts a little, but it’s nothing he can’t ignore.
Castiel approached Uriel and gave his report, “Dean Winchester is improving. Our healing sessions are proving successful. I estimate it will only be a few more months before his mind is healed. The only problem I face is that he refuses to work with us and our mission.” Uriel sighed, “Mud monkeys I swear. Overall that is good news. Convince the righteous man of his duty. I’ll report to Michael.”
Castiel pleaded, “No! Do what you will unto me. Just return Dean to Earth. He is healed from Hell. Let him be.”
The door burst open and a man dressed in a sensible pant suit, backwards tie, and a beige trench coat walked in. Dean froze. Those blue eyes. They pierced through him and his branded handprint pulsed with a powerful sensation. As Dean continued to stare at those blue eyes a familiar feeling itch in the back of Dean’s mind. Dean’s mind immediately dismissed the feeling.
Uriel flew to Heaven’s prison and approached the squad of Angels. “I’m here to speak with the prisoner Castiel.” The Angels broke formation and permitted Uriel to enter the prison. Uriel reached Castiel’s cell and said, “It is because we once fought side by side that I am here speaking to you brother.” Castiel raised his head that was in his hands and said, “I’m not in the mood for one of your lectures Uriel.” “That’s not why I’m here. I’m here because I wanted to let you know that Dean Winchester was returned to Earth and seems fine.” “Forgive me if I don’t believe the Angel who arrested me.”
Bobby looked at the brothers and said, “You two chuckleheads want to keep arguing religion, or do you want to come take a look at this?” Sam and Dean walked over to Bobby’s desk.
“Ok, great, you do that, but right now, we need to get the fuck outta here man.” Dean’s voice lowered into a frantic whisper as he heard indistinct voices outside the door. They waited them out, listening for the sounds to become further away, to open a small breach in the door to peek through.
And suddenly it hit him, how it wasn’t completely and utterly obvious before Dean didn’t know. He knew exactly where he had to go, but he also knew exactly how hard it would be to get there.
The news had spread faster than wildfire. The hunters had caught one today, still alive even. And not only had they caught one of their most vicious enemies, but it also happened to be their leader; the archangel Michael. When they had brought the angel in, everyone at Hunters' City’s basecamp was exhilarated. This was a victory. Sure, it was true that no one knew how many of the angels went rogue, but now they had their hands on their enemy's powerful leader. Things were finally starting to look up for the people in Hunters' City.
“What if he just didn’t want to take advantage of you?” Sam asked, his eyebrows shot up, in genuine concern.
A new chapter, and it's only a few days later than normal! But it's a long one so I hope that makes up for it, if anyone was keeping track in the first place. I have to thank my amazing new friend and beta, Fred, for her amazing work on this chapter.
Dean didn’t say any more, and Castiel wouldn’t have it any other way, wherever the conversation could go, would certainly not be nearly as sweet as this, and he just wanted to stay locked in this moment, forever.
Another knock. Dean glanced at the entrance of the diner, confused as hell. Why didn’t Bobby just come in?
“It’s okay, Bobby.” Dean tried to stand up from the couch. He didn’t want anyone undergoing his father’s temper while he was the one who deserved it.
“Hello, Dean,” there was almost a familiarity in the way Castiel said it, Dean refused to notice it.
the exact same feeling further up - and he was gone, past the point of no return. He placed his wrists and hands, inconspicuously, over his groin but as soon as he felt the weight over it, the noises still going in the movie, Cas’s hand on him, just the thin fabric of his jeans in between, and everything it took from him not to slide down until his hand was gripping his thigh and then his--
“I’m going to kill him.” Dean looked back into the house, nervously, trying to see where his dad was and if he’d heard her.
“We should probably go to the command center tomorrow, we’re supposed to go get briefed and sorted into factions.”
Dean had gotten in late the night before, everyone already asleep as he’d made his way to his bedroom, and closed himself in the bathroom, he was in dire need of a shower, to wash away all the events of the day. Then he’d made his way to bed, trying to fall asleep not replaying the seconds he’d spent at a finger's length of Cas - to no use.
“Who said I was distressed?” Dean huffed, but his non-challency was severely undermined by the weakness of his voice, it was too low, too vulnerable.
Dean didn’t need to be told twice. He immediately yanked the door open and his insides grew cold when he saw his little brother covered in blood. Someone or
Cas stared at the sky, still moving his finger around, like was painting the stars himself. “You see it?” he asked, not looking away from the starry night. “Isn't it beautiful?”
“What orders?” Dean was trying to think of a way to get himself out of this one, but he knew there was no negotiating with a pack of werewolves. There were only two ways this was going to end; either with some bad taxidermy jobs or a one-way trip to the morgue.
“Sometimes you don't need to look a gift horse in the mouth, he probably wanted those suckers gone just as much as we do.” A hunter named Carl cut in.
He stayed silent, unsure of what to say, so Michael just continued, “Of course what I had to tell him, wasn’t at all what he wanted to hear, and so he kept offering me information, waiting for something that, truth be told Dean, I never possessed.”
"My informant told me it was on 39th Chapel street’’, Cas answered while his gaze searched the street for numbers.
Dean shrugged and grimaced at him as if to tell him there was no way he’d speak about it in front of Jo. Still, he eased his worry. “Cas is fine. I’m fine.”
knowing what was about to come. As he pranced through the room, he prayed to God almighty that his dad wouldn’t change his mind and that he would just fucking stay there, and let him get out.
“I don’t think I owe you any explanation actually,” Dean said, a smile spreading across his face. This whole situation wasn’t funny at all, but he couldn’t help but feel smug about the fact that his dad wasn’t the only one keeping secrets.
“Honestly, I don’t know,” Dean hesitated. It was bad enough that these thoughts pitter-pattered around inside his brain, but to actually say them out loud was a whole different story.
“Cas, what does your heaven look like?” Dean didn’t know if this was overstepping but there were so many things he wanted to ask the angel
“I ain’t taking it back, so y’all can go...” the last part of his sentence was muffled out by a sip of beer.
He was absolutely taken aback, as Castiel’s wings were definitely bigger than he expected, it was a good thing he told Dean to move, and still, Dean had to move even further away to take it all in. He couldn’t believe his eyes, there he was, Cas, looking as small as he ever saw him, in the middle of those wings - Dean figured it was a wingspan of at least eleven feet.
“And you care about this, why?” Dean asked suspiciously. “I mean, why go through all this trouble to heal a human? ”
at least it’s what he told himself, to justify all he was about to do, ultimately he knew in the bottom of his being, this desire to save humanity came from the desire to protect
“Dean,” Castiel nodded in the direction of the hunter, his eyes having trouble meeting Dean’s, the memory of their last encounter still fresh. He hoped Dean wouldn’t take notice.
Cas’s lips moved to the side, pursuing as if he was contemplating what could give off this smell. “It smells almost like… honey?” He looked confused, and Dean didn’t answer, because he had no idea what the smell could be, other than maybe a days-old can of diet coke, he could almost physically see the gears in Cas’s brain-twisting and turning, deciphering what it could be.
He walked inside, trying to blend in with the other hunters in the room, which wasn’t proving to be difficult since all plaid and green colors seemed to fuse into one big blur. He kept his head down as went to slip past the guards to enter the long hallway, a firm hand collided with his chest.
“C’mon Dean, it’ll be fine, he’ll show up when he shows up,” Sam had noticed his nerves. Dean couldn’t stand still, he just paced around the house, keeping himself busy. So far he’d already cleaned all of his guns,
The figure looked at him, they were only inches away from each other. “I think you already know.” The words didn’t sound pleased. This was the first time Dean could find a trace of emotion on its face.
Castiel fell silent for a moment, he seemed to be contemplating something. “There’s nothing I gain by healing humans. Not everything I do has ill intentions, Dean.”
Their eyes met and for a second Dean could actually believe that this would be alright, that them being in love wouldn’t be the end of the world after all. There was nothing but kindness and love in the angel’s eyes and he had to fight the urge to kiss him all over again, the only reason he didn’t was that he didn’t know if he would have the strength to stop.
“Maybe not with you, I’m a joy to be around,” Dean offered a laugh, in a desperate attempt to not sound compromised.
Joshua touched the back of the chair, hesitantly, “I’d rather stand if it’s all the same with you.” Every time he spoke, he directed his words like an arrow, trying to take a shot at Metatron.
“Well,” Cas pointed over Dean’s shoulder, “look”, he whispered. “That there is the Cassiopeia,” he traced the invisible lines between the stars, and Dean tried to follow along, trying to focus on really seeing the design, but it was really hard to concentrate with Cas so close to him. It was actually damn near impossible because it felt as if his entire body was itching to lean into Cas. He could feel his breath ghost over his neck, sending shivers down his spine. Every muscle in his body tensed up as he resisted the urge to just shift a little closer, to feel the warmth of Cas’s body against his, in the cold.
Being inside made him feel stuck and uneasy. Even though his father had left pretty quickly after their argument he couldn’t shake the feeling that he wasn’t wanted inside.
. “I didn’t think Bobby knew, until one day I said I was a straight shooter and he laughed.” Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at the memory, “and then he told me I was as straight as a spaghetti noodle.” This was a great memory he had of Bobby. He’d been staying with him for a few weeks, and he loved every second of it. Sammy was there too and they ate dinners together, went to school with Sammy in the morning, it was the closest he ever got to a normal family.
The demon grabbed Dean’s head in order to smash it on the ground for a second time, but it was startled by the sound of footsteps running through the hallway. It had apparently decided that the fighting was over because black smoke immediately erupted from the demon’s mouth. The now-empty vessel dropped onto Dean and he had to awkwardly throw the heavy body off of him.
“I should be going,” Cas broke their silence, and Dean’s heart sped up, almost begging Cas to stay just a little longer, but he pushed it down. Instead, Dean reached his hand out, not even sure what he meant to do with it, but Cas grabbed it nonetheless, in a sort of hand-shake, shaking only once before leaving in an unmoving bridge between them.
why did he feel so tense? “We don’t need the back-“ He sighed, taking a breath. “We’re working man, okay?”
“We can’t do anything.”Dean warned, “If we tip him off, he’ll know we’ve figured this whole thing out and he might do something drastic, or make it so that I can’t free Michael.” Cas had told him to be careful about Metatron, and he would trust Cas on this - the dude may not look like much, but he’d managed to orchestrate a whole damn interspecies war without anyone batting an eye.
In a matter of seconds, a dozen hunters emerged from the shadows, circling Barnes and the angels. The Commander’s expression turned into a full-fledged smile as his plan unfolded before their eyes.
"I freaking know Sam, you don't need to tell me any of that," he shot back, entirely unaware of what he had just pretended to know about.
First, he cut himself with the silver knife, then he reached for his father's arm and cut him too. Only a little deeper than necessary. John glared at him but he didn't flinch. Thinking of the years' worth of issues he had left them with, first and foremost the brainwashing he had put Dean through, Sam couldn't bring himself to feel sorry.
"Dean, are you okay?" Cas inquired carefully. He barely registered the hand on his forearm, his brain had given over the control to autopilot.
Oh god, they were going to have to tell people they were dating. People he had never met before would know he was queer before they knew anything else about him. The feeling that he might have gotten the short end of the stick with their deal was beginning to fester in the back of his mind but he'd stick to his word. Maybe Cas would call this all off tomorrow when they were sober again. Surely he would.
You call him a friend. Best friend. Family. But never yours. You'd burn the world for him and he doesn't even know it. He would burn the world for you and it is wrong how happy that makes you. But it's all blown out of proportion, he's an Angel, he doesn't know better than all or nothing, he doesn't know that he is doing more than a friend should. He doesn't know how he makes your heart flutter with each show of loyalty.
You like to think he knew, it's what keeps you from falling over the edge too soon. You need more time to feel what you've done, to realize the full damage of your silence. The longer he is gone, the closer you get to your goal, your final kill, the more you see you never stood a chance but if it wasn't for you Angel you wouldn't even have come as far as you did. It is in his memory that you keep going.
It was beginning to dawn on him that Chuck had messed with their thoughts and feelings far more than he had realized. Every time he had lied to Sam now came back to him and he could no longer understand any of his own reasons. Something similar must have been going through Sam's head because he threw him a small apologetic smile and understanding passed between them. Dean could breathe easier, knowing that finally, the trust between them was real.
"I don't know Mom, sorry. I probably shouldn't even say as much, really only Dean and Cas can know. But it's true that up until now they never were anything but friends."
"Witness? Calm down dude, your lawyer is showing, you're not that late anyway," he replied smoothly, all the while thinking anything other than calmly; 'they are on nickname basis???? How the hell did that happen?' The entire situation was beyond him already. "Hey, Cas," he greeted and hoped his silent questions on 'how? Why? When?' would be answered.
Dean never really answered with more than a word at a time and Sam was losing his patience. So was Dean. Sam wanted to celebrate their freedom, fine, but he had to leave Dean out of it for now. Their victory didn't even feel real to him, it hardly felt like victory at all without Cas back. The only sliver of hope he had was that Chuck was no longer controlling his fate, which maybe improved their chances a little.
When his thoughts caught up to him he broke out into a run. The circumstances surrounding the plea were kind of fuzzy in his head, it happened so long ago, he had done so much to suppress the memory. Thinking of it now felt just as shocking as hearing it for the first time.
The remaining two demons hissed and lunged at him simultaneously. Dean staggered backward, bracing himself for the pain that was about to follow. And it did. One of the demons managed to hit him in the guts while the other struck him on the jaw, leaving Dean's head spinning.
He knew that eventually, he’d have to turn to Bobby for some help, when push came to shove, he wouldn’t be able to handle this whole ordeal alone, and Bobby and Sam were his go-to men for everything shit-hitting-fan related. But he still had time. At least he thought as much.
The silence was deafening. It was times like this where Dean wished he could read Cas’s mind, or, at least, was better at reading his facial expressions - or lack thereof. A small flash of surprise crossed his face, but as fast as Dean caught it, it was gone.
Sam seemed to be going over the meaning of that in his head, squinting his eyes at the possibilities, but he didn’t ask any more questions. “I’m still coming.”
They picked up their things in silence, just the rumble of the downpour banging against the cabin’s low ceiling. The air between them was heavy with things unsaid, and the promise of trouble headed their way.
He didn’t know if angels rolled their eyes, but he could have sworn he just saw Castiel do so. Dean raised his eyebrows, just when he thought the angel couldn’t get more snarky.
Instead, he tried to control his breathing - this had never been an issue before, but ever since Dean had become his friend, he found himself forgetting to breathe sometimes. To humans, it came so naturally, but he had to remember to keep breathing, and Dean made it so much
For the first time in hours, Dean felt like he could finally breathe, and he realized he had been hyperventilating.
Dean felt his lungs drain out of air. The corners of his eyes went blank, and the last thing he could see before giving out was Cas, from the corner of his eyes. He coughed and wheezed, every shallow breath making his skin grate against the sharp edge of the angel blade.
Dean had that look he usually bore when he was thinking, one eyebrow raised, the opposite eye squinting lightly, the lines of his expression creasing, the more confused he got.
“What did you say to me boy?” John took a step closer to Dean, raising his voice, facing him eye to eye. This was relatively recent - he used to look down on him, quite literally, and then Dean just kept growing taller, and nowadays, they stood eye-to-eye.
As much as Dean tried, he knew he had a bigger chance of winning the lottery than getting his dad to share more information. The truth was that Dean had always been fascinated by the war between angels and humans. It seemed so contradictory that the ones who were supposed to watch over the humans had made it their mission to royally fuck them over.
“Hey, excuse me, sweetheart,” Dean tapped the bar with his knuckles. The brunette girl behind the counter approached them with a smile. “Can we get two beers over here?”
Groaning Dean checked the alarm clock next to his bed, it was 9 am. Dean dropped his head back into his pillow, wondering why he felt like he had barely slept at all.
“You talk about a new plan, but I fail to see what our previous plan has been.” The angel named Joshua spoke out against the other angels. He was restless, looking around at his brothers and sisters, almost begging someone else to join him in this venture of questioning Metatron and Uriel, who every day seemed to stray further from the soldiers Joshua had once respected.
Joshua appeared more puzzled with every second.  He stared intently as Metatron turned the blade in his hands, holding it out for Joshua to see up close.
Dean wanted to ask the angel what he meant by ‘studying expressions’, but never got to. Instead, his eyes were drawn to Castiel’s lips, they had turned into a smile, he looked proud of himself. And Dean’s heart made an involuntary little jump.
Dean took his sweet time taking a shower, brushing his teeth, and when he thought it was an okay time to wake up the angel, he snuck out of the bathroom just to place a Zepplin tape in the Stereo in the kitchen.
