“Well,” Dean says, looking to the ceiling. “I guess the maid just clocked in.”
His consciousness cuts those thoughts off at the pass, but his subconscious? Turns out his subconscious has other plans that it neglected to clue Dean into.
Getting to work on Cas’ jeans, Dean’s cold, clammy fingers fumble with the button. He aims for efficiency as he drags down the zipper and pushes the heavy material down around Cas’ thighs to his knees.
of an accent that Dean can’t quite get a handle on. “I think I may need a nurse.”
scare him.
thinking about Cas and Meg and Balthazar.
“No, but I would have shared the burden with you, Cas. We could’ve figured something out. That’s what partners do, you asshole.”
Holding her camera to her eye, Charlie says, “It’s a deserted hotel in a remote location. It’s
into my head, dude.”
Dean’s still staring at the keys like he’s trying to figure out how they work, so Cas explains, “We have Roman’s connections, and you wanted it. I’ve had a good team working hard on getting it ready. By the time we get back from our honeymoon, the renovation will be complete.”
He refuses to be the Sarah Michelle Gellar of this situation. If he's gotta be anyone, then he's at least a Jennifer Love Hewitt.
“I passed Benny outside. He said you were in here. Alone.”
“Fuckin’ weird,” Benny mutters as he opens a door to reveal a rear staircase, one they didn’t find on their first search through the maze of this place. Dean suspects it used to be a staff entrance, which is confirmed, when, at the bottom of the stairs, they find a narrow corridor leading to a tiny break room and the main kitchen. There’s a third door halfway between the stairs and the kitchen, which most likely leads outside; by far the most appealing option. Dean reaches up to snap back the bolt. He twists the knob and jerks the door. It stays put. Bracing his feet, and crouching slightly, Dean shoves at it with his shoulder. It creaks, crackles, and pops open with a squeal, fanning fresh air into the corridor.
“Shame,” the chick sighs wistfully, thankfully back to her normal voice. “Alright, you pass. We meet up every Tuesday at eight and watch horror movies and eat junk food. This week is a Vincent Price marathon.”
Or not, ‘cause five minutes ago the guy probably had his face pressed to the living-room window, waiting for Daphne to bring home another schmuck. He saw them coming and high-tailed it to the basement and jumped into his coffin.
That monotonous voice definitely takes some getting used to, but it would probably be worse if the tiny chihuahua talked to him directly instead of through his handsome translator.
. Average. It’s the sex life of busy, late-thirties-adults with full-time jobs and two teenagers who don’t understand that you don’t age out of needing physical intimacy.
From this position, Dean can see a couple of old sheds behind the cabin. Surrounded by what once would have been a lush, sunlit garden, and is now just a decaying patch of unattended, overgrown land, the sheds themselves have fallen into obvious disrepair.
It tastes like fruity acetone.
Behind him, the air moves and Dean senses Cas before he feels his touch.
garments to his flesh permanently.
Dean almost chokes on a laugh.
Goddammit.
Cas’ ‘full tour’ is probably less Museum of Art and Clinton park and more his body dumping ground in the wetlands and gun range behind the warehouse, but still.
Dean nods jerkily, advancing on Castiel.
Dean picks up the block of concrete used to anchor the rowboat. He drops it in the bow. Holding the edge of the boat steady, Dean climbs in, crouching low and sitting on the center bench seat. He fits the first oar into the metal U of the oarlock, then the second.
“You started it, Cassie! Thinking you’re so slick with the garlic prank.”
“Okay,” Charlie says. “Let’s do it.”
of this would’ve happened if Cas and the kids had stayed put when Dean asked them to. Granted, he didn’t foresee homicide-slash-cannibalism as an outcome of them sneaking out after he explicitly told them to stay, but surely it only proves his point.
“Hold up,” Dean says, scowling at Cas, the fucking traitor. “I’ll come with you. They all want to go it alone, that’s
“No?” Dean says, meaning YES. Then, because Sammy’s warned him about being a dick, Dean adds, “I mean, you obviously didn’t put those bite marks on your own neck.” A heartbeat after he says it though, he starts to wonder.
Undoubtedly. But Dean’s all about lookin’ on the bright side of life.
Castiel opens his mouth to reply, but Balthazar cuts him off. “Then maybe you should go.”
An owl hoots.
Dean risks a glance at Cas, hoping for some solidarity here, some kind of united front that they can put to the kids when they get grounded for the rest of their natural-born days.
If Cas is pretending not to laugh at Dean’s jokes, then he’s gonna be okay.
Even if what’s about to come next definitely ain’t.
This is what’s right. This is Dean doing the right thing for them. It
“C’mon.” Dean starts walking toward the inn. Cas joins him. Twigs and leaves crackle and crunch beneath their shoes, loud in the otherwise quiet lot.
I'm not really sure how to warn for this but there's a bit of gore about halfway in. It's not explicit at all and I don't think it's worse than anything that goes on in canon, but the thought of it is... unpleasant? So consider yourselves sort of warned, I guess???
Dean almost smiles at that before he remembers himself.
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, dropping the box and contents on his bed like they’re covered in ants. “Fuck!”
–and what could either be an ash or walnut tree. It’s hard to tell from this angle.
Castiel spends a couple of minutes with the cat, Dean rooted to the spot the whole time, mesmerized. When Castiel stands up to leave, the cat winds itself around the dude’s shins and calves, slithering between his legs, in a pretty clear attempt to stop him from leaving.
“Jesus,” Benny mutters as the thing hisses and screeches to warn them away. His palm comes down heavy on Dean’s shoulder. “Just a fuckin’ possum.”
Which is the thought Dean clings to like a goddamn lifeline. He keeps telling himself that any second now, Benny’ll pop up like Jason, and he’ll get a punch to the shoulder and lecture from Charlie, whilst Cas will emerge from the trees, dark-eyed and intense, in fight or fuck mode (Cas doesn’t do flight - ironic for a dude with an angelic namesake), and Dean’ll make his feelings about Cas’ disappearance known by withholding blowjobs for at least a week.
“Yeah?”
Dean whimpers, shivering at the sound of Cas’ voice, his cock blurting out another pearl of precome. “Please, Cas. Fuck me. Need it, need you.” His whole world is narrowed to Cas’ hands, his mouth, his dick, and nothing else matters.
“Don’t worry,” Jimmy says, turning his attention back to his show. “I’m happy to keep out if it’s that disgusting.”
Though, he’s not really. Of all the supernatural beings in existence, vampires, succubi-slash-incubi, and sirens are the super kinky, dangerous ones.
Finger across the trigger guard, he points it steadily at the men who wouldn’t look out of place at a James Bond villain lineup. “Get out. And tell my father that if he sends someone to collect me again, he’ll fucking regret it.” He pulls back the slide on the pistol to show that he means business.
Dean stares down at the neatly printed lettering -
Death was caused by a single stab to the heart, but he lost a lot of blood from the other stabs and slashes first.
Yeah. Yeah, it probably is.
It doesn’t look like anybody has lived here for years.
“You two are gorgeous,” Poppy — possibly, Connie — says, all gushy and excitable. “Are you gonna scene?”
Not taking-your-stalker’s-life-big anyways. Not finding-the-yin-to-your-yang, the-Clyde-to-your-Bonnie important.
Once Daphne’s cuffed, Dean lets go of her. She turns around, eyes wide and shimmering with unshed tears.
Of course, Cas and Dean know differently.
Single file, Charlie going first, Garth next, and Dean bringing up the rear, they begin to follow the path.
Turns out, with the thick taste of Cas at the back of his throat, he needn’t have worried.
“I love you, Dean,” Cas tells him with bone-deep sincerity, absent-mindedly rubbing his thumb over Dean’s pulse. “I’ve always loved you.”
He loves Cas with everything he has, and there’s something in the bone-deep surety of it, the irrevocable, open way in which it makes Dean feel free, that both pacifies and terrifies him.
Something wraps itself tight around Dean’s ribcage and squeezes.
He claps his brother on the shoulder, “Soon as I know, you will.”
Cas is there in his dream.
There are a lot of rules in professional wrestling. Most of them are safety-related like: don’t turn up to work high or drunk (lookin’ at you, Jeff Hardy) or general contract shit like if the boss wants you to put over, then you damn well do it (
be friends for life. Right up until their deaths in a cabin in the woods.
“Well?” Cas’ snappish question directed at the other three interrupts Dean’s thought process. “What was so important that you needed to get our attention using the mating call of a howler monkey?”
It’s gotta be up there as one of his happiest memories with Cas. Just the simplicity of it, the two of them. It’s so rare that they get the opportunity to simply
“—By the box?” Dean interjects.
See, the good thing about Jimmy’s predictability is that Dean knows precisely how much pressure to apply to get him to crack wide open and spill his secrets.
She’s gonna be trouble. Dean already knows it. Call it private dick intuition or whatever.
“You,” Dean shoves his finger in Benny’s face, on the brink of something calamitous and destructive. “You lost your right to vote when you did this–” he points behind himself roughly to where Cas is, “–to Cas, alright? So I don’t wanna hear anything that comes outta your mouth.”
Jo reacts like yet another asshole has told her that girls don’t belong in STEM. “You what?! You haven’t told him that there’s a dangerous nutjob sending you stuff and grabbing you in the showers, because…? You’re embarrassed? Scared? An idiot?”
he is with this mindfuckery. He answers flatly, “You told him where I was.”
He doesn’t wanna give Meg any more ammunition, even though he’s already pulled the pin on this particular grenade.
“Fuck you, Benny.” With that, Dean’s stomping off back through the trees, and by the time Benny gets himself together enough to form a response, he’s yelling, arguing with the back of Dean’s ‘71 Led Zeppelin world tour shirt.
“Jimmy, don’t do this.”
“It’s what I
It’s that thought that has him losing any sense of propriety or regard for what this might mean for the future, and he arches into Castiel, rolling his hips until the momentum forces his shoulder blades up off the hard wall. Clinging to each other, they stumble, wet mouths panting between frantic presses of lips, tongues, and teeth. Their hands are all over; Castiel’s palms skating down Dean’s body to curve under the loose waistband of his sweatpants and over the swell of his ass; Dean’s fingers spanning Castiel’s lower back, grinding his hard dick against Castiel’s bare hip.
Does Cas think about what they did? Are there some nights when Dean’s breathing deep, shivering ever-so-slightly on every fifth inhale, where Cas is watching him sleep, wondering about the toll on their collective sanity?
In their freshman year, when Dean and Jo were bored and avoiding doing work, she would read out the most ridiculous articles from her weirdo roommate’s chick magazines. Articles like: “I Found Out My Lover Was My Brother” and “I Hired a Hitman to Kill ME”. One that would come up pretty frequently in the problems page was: “I think my boyfriend is having a secret affair with his friend. But he told me he loved me. What do I do?” And every time, Dean would be astonished that these women couldn’t see the dick for what he was (a dick).
“Fuck,” Dean murmurs, already lost to this, to
, instead of some twink-looking blond boy with a name three syllables too long.
So Dean does. He’s up to twenty-seven before Cas answers him. “You’re having a panic attack. I’m not going to ask you what happened just yet, but I
One of the very few perks of Dean’s junior year schedule is that his completely free Thursday mornings coincide with Cas’ completely free Thursday mornings. Sure, they have the weekends to themselves, but there’s something extra illicit about fucking on college time. Especially when he’s supposed to be studying, ‘cause his grades have taken a nose-dive this year. He’s been playing catch-up, and whilst he should still scrape by, it’s a little close for comfort.
He smells of rich-guy cologne; something that comes in a blue bottle and gets splashed all over the counter beneath his oversized bathroom mirror, ‘cause firstly, he doesn’t care, and secondly, he’s got the money to burn. He’s the type of person with a Bluetooth clipped to his ear and who demands five walnuts — no more, no less — on his salads so that he doesn’t go over his self-imposed 400 calorie limit for lunch, ‘cause
Which may explain why Castiel is at a complete loss when Dean stops by Castiel’s own SUV with an expectant look on his face.
But, then.
“Oh?”
“Would
Yeahhhh, they ain’t going anywhere.
Dean follows Cas’ line of sight, and his stomach turns over. Through the floor-to-ceiling ground floor windows of the conference room, Dean can see his brother bound to a chair, bloody-nosed, chin to his chest. Further into the room is the recognizable figure of Nick. He’s pacing back and forth, phone held to his mouth. He actually looks nervous, which he
voice, “I have not come to you in over a decade. I have always kept my operation within the parameters we discussed when you--”
A few hours later, Dean marries Jimmy.
Fuck it. Win or lose, he and Cas are in this together. Death, life, whatever it all means.
Still, where the fuck could he be? It’s been a good half hour since he made his escape into the grounds and for the first time since they bought the place, Dean’s wishing they went for a more modest backyard.
a vampire.”
Not that Dean has the high ground or anything, ‘cause he’s pretty sure there’s a hickey sucked into the skin just below his ear.
“Could have a party, I guess.”
Dean wants to deny it, but he can’t quite bring himself to step in that great big pile of whackado, so he simply sidesteps. “What I
“At least ten years,” Cas responds icily and Dean is clearly missing something here.
Castiel arches an eyebrow. It’s hotter than the Wasabi Dean had in his lunch. The Wasabi he can somehow taste all over again in Smell-O-Vision, 3D surround sound. “She was
Now. Dean’s not a mistrustful person, but Cas and his motives are generally suspicious as fuck - by his own admission, he’s always playing some kind of game - so Dean skips the part where he wonders what the hell is going on and lands right next to believing that wherever they’ve stopped is where they’re honeymooning.
Downstairs, Amelia laughs too loudly at something Jimmy’s said. While Jimmy has been known to deliver a zinger worth a chuckle on occasion, it’s painfully obvious to everyone but Dean’s oblivious husband that the woman has a crush on him.
On the far side of the room, a movement in the shadows catches Dean’s eye.
In the windmill of limbs, Dean drops his flashlight, sending the beam darting across the ceiling, before it settles uselessly in a corner of the room, studiously focused on a small pile of rubble.
He pecks Lisa on the cheek, “I’ll catch up with you later, yeah?” And he’s off across the neatly mowed grass before his ex can respond or tell him to stop being such a jealous, pig-headed idiot.
“Ah,” Dean tips up his bottle. “
And now everyone is paying the price.
Maybe in his heyday, but the fucker grew fond of Dean and Sam toward the end there.
Dean scrubs a hand over his jaw. “Okay, so. We do what you wanted: we use Jimmy as your vessel. Leave his skinned body in here. Then we summon the Cenobites again, say that we’ve found you, but oopsie, we had to kill you because you didn’t want to go back. But of course it’s Jimmy’s body they’re looking at. They won’t know the difference. I’ve technically fulfilled my end of the bargain, you can live in Jimmy’s skin undetected for the rest of your life, the Cenobites get the dead body of someone they think outsmarted them, and Jimmy gets to find out if Heaven is real. Win-win-win-win.”
Outside of terrible sitcoms and movies where the plot revolves around this sort of thing, Castiel didn’t believe that these kinds of pigheaded sex pests actually existed. He's less than pleased to be proven wrong.
Now though, with Scorpions softly playing on the radio and Cas’ blue-eyed stare burning a hole in his soul, he’s beginning to wish he’d taken his chances with the stalker.
“What’s up?” Benny asks her.
“Thank you,” Cas says, reaching up for the clothes on the desk. He hands Dean down a pair of sweatpants, his fingers lingering on the sore craters of split skin across Dean’s knuckles. “We should patch you up too.”
It’s like receiving revelation from God himself, because the timing couldn’t be more perfect. Dean sees Arthur — or Ketch, as Cas has taken to calling him in order to depersonalize him, making it easier for Dean to see him as an obstacle to his happiness, rather than as a human being — on campus, and when he smiles in Dean’s direction like they could be friends, Dean turns away, disgusted and abruptly determined.
He’s tempted to shout out to the others, but that’ll just alert the fucker, so he starts to follow. Alone.
But there’s public sex and then there’s voyeuristic sex. Voyeurs don’t look away with faux disgust. They lean in, wanting to be a part of the fantasy without breaking club rules that are strictly enforced by monitors who stand impassive, even as the noises coming from the other scene rooms would be enough to make anyone cream themselves while waiting in line at the Post Office.
“Meg stole it for us. She snuck into the registrar’s office.”
Garth moans.
“You’re fucking hilarious,” Dean tells the darkness as he fumbles for his shampoo. “Real original.” When he finds the bottle, he turns it upside down and slaps it into his palm a couple of times to get the viscous liquid to come out.
Life is good. Damn good.
He was nineteen when he met Dean.
Cas’ laugh is breathless as he narrowly avoids the mess on Dean’s stomach, catching himself on the edge of the counter at the last moment, levering himself up. His eyes are glassy, lips parted, and there’s nothing Dean wants more in this world than to reel his husband in and kiss him until they both can’t breathe.
The answer is Dean plus Cas. ‘Cause there’s no better or worse folie à deux than them. They’re off the fucking scale.
“I knew this would turn into a goddamn camping trip,” Benny gripes and starts after the others.
Dean didn’t get to be around for that, and it shouldn’t hurt as much as it does. Their breakup, which happened a few weeks after that night, was agonizing and serrated; a pain Dean has yet to feel the equal of.
Yeah, Dean’s got an ass worth dying for. (And worth killing for).
“Cas.” Dean wants to sob with relief. He paws at his boyfriend, feeling messy and miserable as fuck. “What’s happening to me?”
Fuck.
“No,” Dean says, because he doesn’t lie to Cas. Just everyone else. He takes a couple of deep, steadying breaths before turning to face Cas. Sex and emotional vulnerability go together like Jäger and Coke, and Dean should have given Cas a wrong number on his wedding day and just chalked it up to temporary insanity, but he didn’t. And now here they are. “It wasn't the heat of the moment. I meant it.” His chest is tight and his pulse frantic as he adds a moment later, “I love you.”
Especially when Cas starts talking dirty. That mouth ain’t just for kissing.
This story just keeps on changing.
“Turn over,” Castiel orders. “And cross your wrists in the small of your back.”
the guy interrupts, clearly a bit nervous and not used to hitting on random men at bake sales. “I’m kinda new around here and you look like someone worth knowing, so would you be interested in showing me around? We could get a cup of coffee, maybe? But obviously, you’d have to recommend me somewhere, because of the whole being ‘new’ thing…”
Dean nods mutely — barely refraining from begging him not to leave — and Cas squeezes his elbow before disappearing through the press of bodies.
Well, message received. Loud and clear.
It’s Deepthroat who speaks again after a long few moments. “We’ll consider your offer. Find him and bring him to us. But if you cheat us—”
A polite vampire. Who’d a thunk it?
“Are you forgetting that I threw up my entire insides today?” Cas asks.
Bright blue eyes and dark hair appears in Dean’s line of sight, blocking out the sky, and Cas’ handsome but concerned face stares down at him.
Dean moves closer to Cas, pointing out the costings listed in the far right column to him, “Dude,” he says to his fiancé, “There’s stuff here for classic cars that’s appallingly difficult to get ahold of. You’d have to be pretty fucking devoted to getting your hands on this stuff.”
Benny begins backing away in careful inches, but he misses a step with his right foot, and his ankle rolls. Before either of them can react, Benny’s flailing, his arms pinwheeling, trying to regain his balance on the mossy, slippery rock. It’s no use. Dean watches as Benny falls backward, his head narrowly missing a sharp jut of rock a couple of inches to the left. The plastic water bottle falls from his hand and makes a crinkle-snap as it bounces off the rock, before tumbling into the river and getting swept away downstream by the current.
The blinds are drawn across the window, keeping the waning sunlight at bay, so Dean crosses the floorboards, intending to open the blinds, hoping that with a little bit of outside illumination, the room will seem less fucking… creepy? Except, since Dean was last here, Cas must’ve nailed the blind to the window frame. Why, Dean’s not sure, and when he tries to pull the material free, all he succeeds in doing is snagging it.
about you.”
Whether Dean likes it or not (and he definitely, absolutely does
Dean’s just about to head out when the doorbell goes. On an impatient sigh, he opens the door to a scruffy tax account type with a solemn expression and strong jaw, “Sorry, I don’t have the time for whatever you’re about to sell me.”
(Castiel lied to Dean earlier tonight when he said that he doesn’t think about Jo. He thinks about her a lot. He’s glad that she died when she did, because she – unlike Benny – might have actually made a move).
) — and lube in hand, Cas rises above Dean, on his knees. Dean licks his dry lips, completely spun out on this, on
, over the past few months. Prying themselves apart was always gonna be crowbar-tough, even though they knew it was coming.
Dean glances up from his phone. He’s been Googling the hotel he knows Cas was at last, in hopes of tracking him down. The next step is figuring out how to file a missing person’s report in Germany. Maybe get Interpol involved or something. “Huh?”
“And yet, you smell fresh as a daisy,” Dean quips, “Not at all like the fucking garbage that you are.”
“Cas.” Dean collapses to his knees and crawls the rest of the way, tears freefalling now. “Nononono.” He reaches Cas, bowing over him, his shaking hands finding the wounds caused by the meat hooks the Cenobites took back to hell with them. “C’mon Cas, you’re not allowed to leave me. You promised, man, you promised you’d always come back.” He’s sniveling, snot and tears and spit mixing, but Cas is barely breathing, his chest stuttering with each drag, his pulse weak and thready, and Dean’s never been so scared in his damn life.
Which is obviously right when the puritanical murderer that has to be lurking nearby would normally hack the charisma-vacuum-but-disgustingly-attractive-teens to death.
“You feel so good, Dean, so good,” he croons, mindless, gaze dropping between their bodies, where they’re joined, watching himself disappear into Dean’s body, fucking Dean so deep that Dean can damn near taste him at the back of his throat. “So beautiful, let me hear you, want to hear you, tell me how it feels with me inside you.
The knife John used, a brutally serrated thing with arcane inscriptions on it and a stag-horn handle, was key to his demon-killing delusions. Despite how messy and up-close-and-personal that method of murder was, John would stick to it through all 59 of his victims, getting more and more efficient with each kill.
, but Cas is
Dean jerks into action, boosting himself up onto the kitchen island counter opposite Cas and their window overlooking the garden and Balthazar’s remains.
Dean shrugs, feigns nonchalance he doesn’t really feel. “Maybe. There
Nobody says anything for a few seconds. The only sound in the room is that of Dean slurping the remainder of his coffee noisily.
It’s freeing as fuck.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees with a final kiss to Cas’ mouth. “Yeah, okay.”
What started off as simple speculation about a hermit with agoraphobia, has now escalated to a serial killer vampire who snacks on children.
“Nah,” Dean says, clicking the lock into place behind them and pocketing the key. “Don’t think God’s got much to do with this one, Jimbo.”
Dean’ll have to ask about her rep later, when Cas is in the bathroom or something.
Sometimes, in Dean’s more selfish moments, Jo’s death feels like a punishment from the universe. Karmic retribution. Rebalancing the scales after Ketch.
Cas maneuvers a thick thigh between Dean’s, and his mouth falls open when Cas drags his zipper down, shoving at his jeans and boxers until he can get a hot palm around Dean’s dick.
Garth doesn’t seem to be doing great either. His short hair, already a dark brown, is almost black around his ears and neck, where it clings to his skin in wet points and curls. His t-shirt is soaked with sweat.
It’s a serious gamble (so at least they’re in the right place) for Tyrus and co. Cas ain’t exactly little league and he’s obviously going to have his own security. Still, they’ve got balls coming to him and Dean admires that.
If Cas isn’t gonna respect their Tuesday night study session, then Dean won’t either.
Sometimes he lies awake at night, listening to the gentle lull of Cas’ breathing, nuzzling his face into Cas’ throat, breathing in the scent of his skin. Most of the time, Cas seems indestructible, unassailable, but when he’s asleep, there’s an excruciating vulnerability in the soft lines of his face.
Bracing his weight on his forearm, Cas presses another finger in alongside the first, a smarting burn that blurs into pleasure when he starts fucking them in and out. He’s watching Dean’s face ever so closely, and the angle is cramped and awkward, but it’s by far the hottest thing Dean’s ever experienced.
And fuck is it satisfying.
No blood, broken bones, bruises.
So if all of
For a long moment, Dean just stands there, flashlight held limply in his hand. He’s tempted to get the multi-tool out of his pocket; it’s got a couple of small blades on it. Enough to jam into someone’s femoral artery and do some serious damage, but he decides against it, choosing to keep his right hand free.
Garth lifts the plastic water bottle. “I needn’t have bothered carrying this.”
“Um,” Dean says, taking a sip of his coffee. It’s perfect, probably from his favorite place across campus that always knows just how he likes it. “It was one of those multi-tool things. You know, the engineer equivalent of a Swiss Army knife.” Dean laughs, but it’s a hollow, bitter sound. “Would’ve been a really cool present if it was from somebody I liked.”
“So that didn’t go quite as planned,” Dean says into the dark spaces of the car, the only words spoken in the fire-scented silence since they left the warehouse.
“‘Lo?”
A girl passes by them, smiling nervously. Which is probably fair enough. Cas ain’t even wearing any shoes; he’s just standing barefoot in the hallway, in sweatpants and a threadbare shirt, looking like he’s about to send someone to an early grave.
“Let’s go.” Dean doesn’t bother explaining to her that non-existent vamps are the least of his worries, oh no. For all Dean knows this might be a trap that Daphne and Castiel have laid for
Despite himself and the situation, Dean manages a tired laugh. “Send us a picture. We need a good giggle here.”
Cas tilts his head and narrows his eyes. “
. “Did you follow me here?”
More lube and another finger, and Dean’s about ready to come out of his skin with the way Cas’ thick knuckles pull at his rim, the way his clever digits find exactly what they’re searching for inside Dean. “Please, Cas, c’mon. Do it.”
The situation is not helped by the fact that someone accompanies him wherever he goes these days —  not just to the showers, but also to class, to the library, and to horror aficionados meetings. He even has company at bedtime (not even in the fun way, ‘cause the stalker has put the kibosh on his slutty ways, [and Cas sadly hasn’t offered to share again, but whenever Dean’s ready to turn the lights out, Cas is right-fucking-there, across the room, with that sexually frustrating face and
“It’s all those pies you’ve been feeding me,” Dean quips and nearly dances for joy right there and then when Cas flashes a small, genuine smile.
It’s the longest walk of his life, and it only takes maybe five minutes.
They had money saved. It was supposed to be an extended honeymoon of sorts, something they’d been planning a long time for. But then Castiel’s twin brother and sister-in-law died.
And Dean’s not one to turn down an invitation.
Incensed, Cas strikes him again, this time a little harder. And again, Dean cracks him across the face in return. Back and forth they go until they’re practically brawling on the Impala’s bench, adrenaline and testosterone fuelling their ineffectual wrestling. Hitched breaths and sweating faces, they fight like they fuck - crazed and devastated, and like it’s the only thing that matters in the moment.
The scent of decaying wood and rotting upholstery is stronger here too; it feels like Dean’s breathing in mummy dust.
“Cas,” Dean says, both upset and darkly thrilled. “Just…”
trick to pull off.
It might not have any witnesses the first time, but somehow this declaration feels more important than any that are gonna come after it. “I do.”
Their visit to the Firefly family over with, Charlie hugs them both goodbye. She whispers something to Cas that Dean doesn’t hear, and when she hugs Dean, she whispers to him, “He’s so in love with you. Stop being an idiot.”
It’s empowering, knowing that very soon, Arthur Ketch will be no more — relegated to a smear on the great California scenery.
Cas just raises an eyebrow, doesn’t say anything. He hasn’t since he shot Nick, in fact. Dean would be worried, but he’s a little preoccupied with the pain in his chest.
“What now?” Benny asks. “Do we circle the lake?”
“How. Long.”
“A box?”
Cas frowns. “It was outside our door when I got in a few hours ago. It was addressed to you, so I thought I’d best bring it in.”
What the audience doesn't know is that the eligible bachelor part ain’t exactly true. Dean hasn’t been single for, oh, around thirteen years now. In fact, he was in a relationship before he was in the WWE, but a pretty boy in a long-term relationship doesn’t put asses on seats and smiles on faces, so his character is a perpetually single lothario; lunging from one terrible, soap-opera storyline about spurned lovers and one-night-stands and pregnancy scares, to another.
Realizing that Dean’s barely paying attention, Nick’s expression darkens, “As soon as your love deigns to put in an appearance, you’re dead, you know that don’t you?”
Dean can help him. After all, it’s just them and nobody else, right? Cas will talk to him when he’s ready.
The night is descending and the lights are twinkling so prettily all around the grounds. This time yesterday he and Cas were about to have their first dance and already it feels like years ago, rather than hours.
“I’ve been watching you,” the guy answers without an ounce of shame. “Either someone’s stood you up, which I find hard to believe. Or you came here lookin’ for something, and judging by the way you’ve been eyeing up every suit that walks in and out of here, I think I might be that something.”
Grabbing the other shovel, Jack nods too. “Yeah.”
“It looks as though we’re stuck here for the night,” Cas answers, handing off the whiskey to Dean.
“Beg me,” Cas commands, voice throaty, sounding substantially less controlled than mere moments ago.
Amelia drops them off at home with sweetheart eyes and deep sighs just for Jimmy, and rather than being all claws out for his man, Dean spares her a sympathetic smile.
Dean wants the fucker to
“Why not? Scared you might lose?”
“All cacti are kinda phallic,” Benny points out.
They trudge along in single file, traversing the hillside, Cas leading them around brambles, boulders, and massive trunks that loom in their way. Nobody speaks. Dean stays close to the gray smudge of Benny’s back.
) from here either.
It’s tiring as hell, but Cas is more than worth it.
(Dean’ll never be able to look at lace again and not get hard - which could make sheer curtain shopping tricky at best and land him on some kind of register at worst).
The victims look so sterile and ordinary in the pictures provided by their families. They’re always photos ripped out from yearbooks or ones that seem to be taken for the sole purpose of providing the cops with a bland representation of their loved one, as if they’re ready for this very scenario.
Dean blindly shuffles around, arms out in front of him, waiting for his eyes to adjust and hoping that this place isn’t as spiky on the inside as it looks on the outside.
No. He’d rather pine for fourteen pathetic years than do something about it.
There’s over a hundred grand’s worth of stock listed.
A good question. And a rather merciful summation of what’s happened in this room so far.
Dean hates himself for wanting more than soft kisses and faltering handjobs, hates Jimmy for not being Cas, hates Cas for showing him how it could be and then taking it away, departing for Eastern Europe the day after the wedding, leaving Dean with watercolor bruises and an ache in his ass like the most visceral of forget-me-nots. Jimmy and Dean left for their structured-to-within-an-inch-of-drill-sergeant honeymoon the same day, and their trip to Bora Bora was... nice. The photos came out well and Dean’s smile in them is genuine; the affection he feels for Jimmy is genuine.
Castiel reaches out a hand for Dean’s bicep under the guise of steadying himself, and doesn’t need to feign his grimace. It hurts, but losing Dean hurts worse, so he was willing to take one for their two-person team.
And they think that the whole group was in on it? Or at the very least they’re angry-and-or-unbalanced enough to not care about the collateral damage.
A new, warm feeling unfurls in Dean’s stomach.
Dean receives a brow crease for that, “Really? What’s going on?”
Cas is acting like he cares, and Dean’s not entirely sure what to do with it, being as he can’t stick his dick in it to show affection.
Dean collapses the distance between them like it’s nothing, like it never was, and blurts, “I love you too,” overjoyed to finally have the chance to say it, and not wasting precious seconds this time. “I should’ve said it back then and I’m sorry that I didn’t. I was overwhelmed, and you were–” he gestures loosely, limply, “–about to die.” As an afterthought, he adds, “Thanks, by the way.”
It makes his skin itch.
“You put that tracker app on all our phones,” Jack answers, holding his cell up.
“Okay,” he surrenders. “I’ll call him.”
“Really?” Chef Novak asks but it’s not a question. “It’s supposed to be a neat drizzle. Instead, you’ve got aioli all over the place.”
Castiel shifts to face him, eyebrow arched, “‘Poor and unsuspecting’? Dean, you had just robbed a convenience store.”
The next night, before Dean falls asleep, he sets an alarm for an hour. That should give them enough time to find each other.
“Don’t move,” Cas growls, voice dipping into the seventh circle of hell. Obediently, Ketch goes heart-stoppingly still, his eyes unnaturally wide and on Dean. Cas tosses Dean the bag containing their murder kit, and Dean digs into it for a pillowcase, which he jams over Ketch’s head. Then, he loops a short length of rope around Ketch’s neck to keep the pillowcase in place, pulling it tight, relishing the squeak of pain their captive lets out.
Dean loves him with his whole heart. Cas loves Dean with maybe a third of his. Dean thought they were in this together, but it was just words whispered in the dark, and not meant in the light.
O’Hare is as fucking crammed as it always is. There’s no way Dean’s gonna wade through the sea of people waiting near the exit of the customs area with their cute and cheesy pickup signs, so Dean hangs back, watching the arrivals board to see which carousel Cas’ flight gets assigned to.
“I’d much rather be a Daddy.”
“I’m gonna fuck you and then kill you,” Nick snarls in his ear, pinning one of Dean’s hands to the small of his back with a knee, “How do you think he’ll like that?” Despite the whole struggling-with-breathing thing, Dean has enough presence of mind to jerk his head back and catch the hardest part of his skull against Nick’s delicate cheekbone. It’s a pretty decent headbutt in super shitty circumstances, and it stuns the fucker sufficiently to allow Dean to crawl away, grit under his nails, kicking out at Nick’s hand grasping for his boot.
For now.
But then again...
But there’s something behind the blue of his eyes. Something kinda….off? Dean can’t quite put his finger on it. Mostly 'cause even at the best of times, Cas is shiftier than a werewolf on a full moon. Today is apparently not the best of times. Dean's about to ask why his husband’s acting so bent out of shape when Dean's the one whose Wednesday is already on the downturn, but Cas cuts right through him, impatient when he asks, “Have you seen my karambit?”
It’s clumsy as hell, especially with a dick in his mouth, but Dean manages to push his own sweatpants down far enough to get his cock out. He squeezes, feeling his cock jerk violently in his palm.
This time, Dean doesn’t bother with the whole stripping charade. He doesn’t want to be caught out by Jimmy again, so time is of the essence. As soon as Daniel is inside the attic, Dean’s got the knife in his hand hidden behind his back.
It knocks all the air out of him, winding him, and he’s pretty sure that he’s cracked a rib, but there’s
“We could kill him. Ketch.” Cas says, and he’s deadly serious.
appeared to take their order. She flashes him a tired but I-need-this-job-to-pay-my-rent smile, and Dean returns one of his own, making sure to infuse as much empathy as he can into the split-second expression.
Cas twists around, scowling, and shushes her like the librarian he would have been in another life.
‘Cause at this point? It’s more than a little fucking personal.
“Winchester,” Castiel says after a long moment, his breath catching on a sharp inhale. “He said his name was Winchester. Like yours.”
“Huh,” Dean says. “So this is a ‘stare into the abyss and the abyss stares back’ kinda thing?”
Fuck.
“I need skin to contain me. A vessel, if you will.”
“No more creepy than hanging around in a suburban backyard to scare the living shit out of some poor, unsuspecting single dad.”
Cas must’ve been so lonely. Dean knows how horrible the world can be — experienced it himself in his youth — but the fact that Cas was going through it too (and
As they drive through, they spot initials and various obscenities carved into the poles, some of them pretty near the top, which may explain why one of them is at that sixty-degree angle.
Dean glances at Garth again. His heartache is written all over his face. “And Garth? What the hell did he ever do?”
Daphne enters the house first, and Dean steps in behind her, heart pounding hard against the cage of his ribs.
“What?” Dean asks breathlessly, hand on the rickety banister. “What is it? Everyone okay?” He glances between the three of them, fixing each one with a quick once-over.
He’s never asked before; by mutual agreement, he has a standing invitation, an all-access pass, and that he would ask now has Dean agonized.
amount.”
“You’re perfect,” Cas tells him between one kiss and the next, words buried in the skin over Dean’s heart.
While Jimmy’s busy in the kitchen, Dean stands out on their porch, Cas’ lighter in his palm, running his thumb over the skin-warm metal, digging his thumbnail into the engraving. The sky above him is heavy and painted in bruise-like purples and blacks, threatening to tear open at any second. The scent of petrichor permeates the air.
No garlic sauce this time.
“Fuck me?” Dean suggests with a cheeky grin.
Luckily, the place is mostly charred to crisp, which means that any remaining gold is paired with black.
But the skirt doesn’t pull down. Instead, Dean ends up plucking Daphne backward off the stairs, and she comes falling at him. Dean has time to dodge her, but Black Widow murderer or not, he’s a gentleman, so he stands his ground rather than letting her fall to the concrete floor with her wrists cuffed behind her back.
Dean had shoved Bart’s body into trash bags, tying them up as tight as he could. But the smell, oh the smell, it
Dean's is the same. Practically a divining rod for Cas and this dark thing between them that edges out all rationality.
Raphael is gonna be the next to go. His time has been a little longer coming, but since he’s been feeding info to Nick, they couldn’t just kill him off, ‘cause of course Nick would figure something was up.
Cas releases Dean’s leg in favor of mauling bruises into his hip, dragging Dean back onto his cock, and Dean yelps in both surprise and sharp pleasure-pain as he gets split wide, moaning with more vowels than necessary as the muscles in his thighs tremble, pushed up on the tips of his toes, spine arched.
Dean does. Reluctantly.
“Were you not there when you ate an entire carton of raw beef? Did I hallucinate that shit? Or when our daughter — who admittedly is not a doctor — diagnosed you with a serious case of the deads?”
“Elaborate,” Charlie demands, slapping the polaroids down on the nearest kitchen surface before folding her arms across her Elvira shirt.
Would he do it differently? Would he do it at all? Does he regret it?
And watch Dean does, ‘cause
“Dean,” Benny’s there at Dean’s side, his concern unneeded, but oh so necessary. “Are you okay, cher?”
Castiel has the good grace to look affronted. “I’m not Lucifer. I don’t need your permission.” He crowds in close and Dean’s eyes flutter shut, swaying on his feet, trying real hard not to swoon, ‘cause this guy is something else. “And anyway, it’s too late.”
And it’s with that realization he understands what an asshole he’s been with regards to Cas’ safety. He’s been so over his head about their awkwardness, he hadn’t stopped to fully consider the danger his friend might be in.
Castiel’s plush lips tilt up into a smirk. “Says the man who hasn’t won a match for how long now?” Dean opens his mouth to explain himself, but he’s rather brutally cut off, “No wait, don’t tell me, I don’t care. I’m here because I felt it was time that somebody put a stop to your harassment of the women on this show. I mean, anybody would think you’re overcompensating.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, brushing his shirt free of sugar before they enter the lecture hall. “I just can’t figure the guy out. As soon I think I’ve got it, he pulls the old bait and switch. I mean, is that him flirting or what?”
Cas slants Dean a
is Meg – and Dean wouldn’t be at all surprised if it
Ever the humanitarian, Dean takes pity on his husband, moving his arm away.
Cas slants Dean a glance, more serious than Dean’s ever seen him. “Are you ready?”
Sensing she’s gained a tiny lead over Dean, she continues, “I’ll level with you, Ken doll. I don’t think you’re cut out for Castiel. He’s special, and you’re—” She drops her eyes down his body and back up again, and Dean has to fight back the repulsed shudder. “Well, you’re just bland, boring,
“Hello,” Castiel says again with the barest hint of a smile. There’s a tiny tear on the pale pillow of his bottom lip, a slash of scarlet. “Dean.”
“My camera and the pictures I took today are missing.”
Everyone murmurs their assent and traipses up the stairs.
Claire may be related to Cas by blood (she's technically Cas' niece via his dead twin Jimmy), but that kid is one hundred percent Dean Winchester. She does stupid shit that Dean would be proud of himself — if it were him doing the stupid shit and not his kid. When it’s his kid, it’s irresponsible, totally not cool, and a groundable offense.
They work in silence for a while, the California sun already threatening to bake Balthazar into the grass, staining it a tell-tale rust-red. Dean’s read enough Poe to know that ain’t a good idea.
“Beginning?” Cas quips with a self-deprecating smile. He eyes Dean for a long moment, bottom lip pulled between his teeth. “Come here.”
And the fascinating facts just keep piling up.
Dean grins, but it’s a little weak, “Pretty sure there’s a lot you don’t remember about me, Cas.”
“Fuck me,” he says.
One hundred percent no pulse. Not even ‘oh, I made a mistake for plot purposes’ lack of pulse, but an actual
you. Waiting for you.”
“I’ll come with you,” Cas says instantly, no hesitation at all, and he falls into step next to Dean.
If Dean believed in such things, he’d assume the brothers were co-eternal representations of good and evil. But, of all the things
On the porch, the night black around him, he flicks his wrist and sends the water splashing down the steps and across the asphalt. He breathes deeply a couple of times, sucking the fresh air down into his lungs, holding it there, then releasing.
Sounds like Dean’s everyday existence.
Dean peels the flat bun away from the squeaky, bland lump inside.
Cas’ expression twists in agony, and Dean’s stomach lurches in response.
Meg positions herself just inside the dining room, gun aimed at Dean’s back. She smirks, triumphant and pleased.
(Claire went through a
"Well, obviously you're gonna fuckin' say that," Benny sneers, gesturing to where Cas is in Dean's arms. "Just look at them though, Charlie.
It’s not quite a serial killer kit… more a confused grandma’s?
isn’t the time.
. He’s trying for himself and for Dean and shouldn’t that be enough?
“Are you gonna visit me every night?”
Cas is at Dean’s back, a hand on his shoulder to move him out of the way so he can put himself in the line of fire. Dean refuses to budge, forcing Cas to step around him so that they’re side-by-side. Which he’ll allow for now. ‘Cause he’s not letting Cas do anything stupid. Not after they’ve come so far.
Outside, Cas falls into step beside Dean. Together, they wordlessly trail behind Benny, though Cas is still holding his gun at his side, ready to soothe his itchy trigger finger.
Cas huffs a laugh, his breath washing hot over the sweat-chill of Dean’s skin, making him shiver. Cas’ response is thick and slurry, even as they’re both straining toward their orgasm, hips rolling together. “If you don’t start unloading the dishwasher —
“Cas!” Dean grabs at his roommate’s shirt. “Stop, man!”
There’s a small cove, protected from the current by the way the curve of the shore juts out, and Dean aims for it. There’s another boat moored there, shielded from view by a jagged, overhanging slab of rock.
“First-aid kit?” Benny adds.
Dean feels the hot spill of tears on his cheeks before he realizes that he’s crying. “Cas!”
“We weren’t the only ones who had a good night, eh?” Dean grins, twisting in his seat to look at Garth over the back of the couch.
“Where were the keys, Garth?” Charlie asks, an edge of panic to her voice.
Dean attached himself to Cas when he was at a low point, when he was struggling with the stalker. And Cas, maybe after years of feeling helpless when his parents and friend were killed, decided to step in and help Dean.
This is what Dean's spent every annual meetup since his and Cas' split dreading. Falling back into old holding patterns and being unable to control the person he was when he and Cas were together. That reckless, sociopathic dumbass. He’s cultivated himself, cut it back, caged that part of himself, and now? It’s right there, tucked away in his back pocket, an extra weapon to be wielded when the time comes.
Benny grinds his teeth, but nods jerkily.
Sam flinches, eyes going wide and nostrils flaring. Dean pays him no mind.
Dean’s waiting with bated breath, heart in his throat, when Cas reaches down and roughly palms Dean’s ass.
It seems too inconsequential somehow. Too standard for whatever the fuck
The Tuesday of the second week, Dean receives the first stalker photo of his junior year.
has opened this bag of Fritos like a bear at a friggin’ campsite? Fucking animals!”
Good luck to her. Dean’s got his own issues with an unresponsive Novak.
It’s everything that their kiss in the changing room wasn’t: comfort and love, as opposed to anger and lust. Two sides of the same coin, and they’ve always been better at the latter than the former, but they’ve also had some sickeningly tender moments over the years.
But this ain’t that kinda distraction, obviously. ‘Cause pro-wrestling is a largely straight male space. Which has always made Dean laugh, because what about mostly-naked, sweaty men rolling around together screams ‘heterosexual’?
It’s enough to allow Dean to throw himself backward, and get his hands underneath him, scrambling away.
miss?”
Benny makes Dean jump when he speaks again. “I’m pretty relieved to not find anyone waitin’ to murder us, but that doesn’t explain the noise earlier.”
For once Dean isn’t thinking with his dick, because his thorough annoyance (at not currently thinking with his dick) is winning out.
it failed. ‘Cause the last thing they need is Yog-Sothoth here to fuck up humanity’s shit.
Maybe even a woman. Could be fun. Change it up a bit.
“Since last year when I saw it up for sale.”
“Looks like.”
“Holy shit,” he murmurs as the door swings wide.
sparing your souls in exchange for the one who escaped us.”
He’s never been a talker during sex, but he can feel the words rising up now as Dean finally kicks the door shut and then gets them both fully naked on their lust-fueled stumble over to the bed.
“I told you what’s going on.”
“Cas, you know damn well you didn’t.”
"My family lived in Kansas," Dean says, wiping sticky fingers on the smartest pair of jeans he owns. "Before John killed my mom and dragged Sammy and me out on his mission. Maybe it’s got something to do with that?”
Thoroughly dependable Castiel (and by-proxy-by-marriage Dean) was awarded guardianship of Jimmy and Amelia's five-year-old Claire. It wasn’t something Castiel and Jimmy had discussed at length, because obviously they were too young to die. No one thinks they’re going to die in their twenties.
Dean shudders.
. I’m not gonna be the guy who gets into bar fights.”
Dean starts babbling, just a stream of jumbled consciousness, hoping that Cas can pick out the bits of coherency and piece the puzzle together for himself. ‘Cause Dean’s spent the last twenty minutes over here winding himself up tighter and tighter, until he’s stretched taut, ready to snap. There’s no way he can even begin to make sense of this shit.
Which is
Right at the point in the movie where Billy appears at Sid’s window, Cas leans in closer, the heady, warm scent of him painfully familiar and foreign all at once, his voice a low hum that has Dean’s skin goosepimpling. “Is that really why you kept it?”
“Benny?”
Wiping a sausage-fingered hand across his sweat-shiny brow, the chief says, “Turns out that people are murdering bastards on the weekends as well.”
“I know that look,” Dean points an accusing finger at the two of his colleagues not currently getting to second base with a Triple Mocha Frappuccino. “If I’m digging up these old memories, then you’d better be sharing all your info with the class too.”
Ugh. That was some serious Exorcist shit.
"Gonna come, Cas," he warns on a sweetheart sigh, a scant few seconds before he actually does, and then that’s it, Dean’s spilling over Cas’ fist again, messy and sticky, early-morning orgasm pulled from low in his gut, a sweet ache that makes Dean gasp and shake.
“You’re gonna outsource to them?”
Outnumbered and on the wrong end of an interrogation, Benny sighs. “I wasn’t wearin’ it. I left it here. So it either got lost in the mess of clothes and sleepin’ bags, or somebody stole it.” He fumbles, trying to come up with another explanation. “Charlie! You saw me leavin’ without it on, right?”
Absolutely ruthless. Dean loves it.
Dean clears his throat to stop his thoughts wandering, and instead plucks his fingers at the hem of Cas’ heavy shirt. “At least the rain managed to get rid of the blood. This shirt might actually be salvageable.”
might kill them instead of some psycho.
On their floor now, Dean trudges along, acknowledging their neighbors with a head nod and smile. There’s a really weird guy a couple of doors down from them who makes a point of staring at Dean like he’s starving and Dean’s an all-you-can-eat plate of buffalo wings, but thankfully, his door is firmly shut today.
Luckily, nothing happens.
That’s the abridged version.
Then again, it’s not like he can really point fingers.
Garth tugs open the door of the walk-in freezer, glances inside quickly, and shuts it.
to be creepy as balls.” The flash goes off again.
Cas does that baby-bird head tilt, like he’s trying to decipher a foreign language, and Dean wants to drown himself in the ocean blue of his eyes. “Hear that, Cas? We’re disgustingly adorable. Personally, I prefer the term ‘ruggedly winsome’.”
Dean ignores his husband in favor of asking their daughter, “So what now? How do we cure him?
The demon’s smirk spreads, oily and slick. “Answering a question with a question. There’s my Cas.”
to do anything, Dean.” Then, because marriage is nothing if not a series of compromises, he adds, “Not right now at least."
Dean doesn’t need to ask, but he does anyway. “You’re sure Jimmy’s the one who outed you? Your parents or the maid didn’t find the magazines by accident?”
He needed a better plan to get Dean to fall in love with him, and as Castiel escorted him all over campus, he hit on it. Of course, learning that the asshole across the hall had been creeping on Dean served two purposes. Firstly, it gave Castiel a reason to be the protector, Dean’s knight in shining armor, because if there’s anything Castiel knows how to do, it’s fight. If you find yourself in enough crazy situations as an adolescent, you become adept at fighting your way out of them. Secondly, Ketch was a convenient scapegoat, because Dean’s suspicions were already in place. Castiel just had to massage them a little.
“Everything. I want it all. And I’m taking it. I do hope you’re not overly fond of your housekeeper.”
“Fine,” The one with a bald head and the letters ‘ОМУТ’ tattooed on his knuckles says eventually. “We’ll pass on your message. But he won’t like it.”
“An outlet for fourteen years of pent-up resentment?” Dean answers as they approach the clearing with all their sleeping bags still laid out and water-logged. “I dunno, Benny. You tell me, man.”
theoretically be walking around an abandoned hotel, banging pipes and scattering creepy pictures in stairwells. After all, the official line is that Arthur Ketch — weird, British guy studying history at Berkeley on an international scholarship — left for winter vacation and disappeared. Probably went back to the land of tea and crumpets, ‘cause he missed his mummy.
. Nancy pulls him out of her dream into the real world. Could we try something like that with you?”
Fifteen seconds.
“Jimmy,” Dean murmurs, unable to take his eyes off the thick, red gush. “What the hell have you done?”
“That how you really feel, Benny?” Dean fires back, and it’s a bullet graze rather than an out-and-out gut shot. “That why you followed him out into the woods and hurt him?”
funny.”
Dean, the pair of them hopeless for each other like always. The kisses get hungrier, heavier, and more demanding until Cas manages to gasp out a broken, “Dean,” between one kiss and the next, not wanting — or able — to stop for anything.
Thing is, Dean knows Cas.
Cas looks up at him sharply. A smile teases at the corner of his mouth. “Worse. Though, to be fair to the authors, at least they write in a way that’s easy to grasp, rather than the standard academic mumbo jumbo.”
A week later, Dean’s back at the Novak place, nervous and sweaty-palmed. He swears that he’s been under some kind of a lust spell since that last time he was here. He’s been jerking off pretty much non-stop to the memory of plush lips and sharp cheekbones. Admittedly, he’s a teenager, so the inability to leave his dick alone for longer than five minutes is kind of part of the package (heh), but he’s actually starting to chafe now.
“Gentlemen,” Castiel starts, and uh-oh, that’s his
There’s nothing special about the day. Sam and Eileen’s not-quite-puppy-love flirting is masquerading as baking and Dean doesn’t mind, he really doesn’t. The mess of the kitchen looks like Mrs. Butters’ worst nightmare, but that’s a problem for Sam and his girlfriend.
She drops it. The steel head strikes the concrete with a clank.
The only reason he hasn’t spontaneously combusted from sexual frustration is ‘cause he’s never slept better. Which is pretty much the only thing that’s keeping him tethered to reality.
, but he doesn’t. Instead, he catches Ketch’s arm and twists it so hard that Ketch cries out in pain. Cas shoves the arm up behind Ketch’s back, holding it there for Dean to snap the other cuff around his right wrist.
A beat, then two. Cas’ eyes flutter open, his lashes a dark smudge against pale skin that’s getting brighter with every passing second. “Hello, Dean.”
Castiel has no such qualms, and the freedom of not caring is intoxicating. He feels invincible, and hungry, and horny, and he wants it all.
“We can always come back to this if we don’t find anything,” Dean says. “Let’s see where the path we’re on goes first.”
(Assassins, man. There’s a reason they’re professionals rather than enthusiastic amateurs.)
“He’s
“Tragic? Didn’t you hear me? Cas loves me. We live together.”
Swallowing hard, Benny’s eyes dart from Cas to Dean, “You love him, cher?”
Cas studies Dean with those too-earnest blue eyes, the weight of which Dean has to turn away from, unnerved and flayed open by the soul-deep scrutiny. “I believe in you and me, Dean. I believe in us. Why is it so much to ask that you feel the same?”
“Everything okay, Cas?” Dean asks, feigning nonchalance he doesn’t really feel, pulling back from Cas’ face to watch him properly.
It hurts in so many different ways to see Cas,
. Full of shaky nerves, he says, “You must have some kind of spidey sense for when it’s raining here.”
Benny concedes the point and they carry on walking.
Dean glances sideways at Cas, too afraid to meet that wild, raw-edged gaze head-on. Instead, he lets the thread of worry that’s in danger of unraveling if they don’t get Cas fixed up soon be his guide. Like Theseus working his way out of the Minotaur’s maze. “I’m glad you’ve perked up and all, but my primary concern is you surviving this. Then we can talk about all the ways we’re gonna smush our genitals together. One thing at a time.”
Charlie and Benny both go, “Ooooh.”
Which fails miserably.
As always, Dean is helpless to resist, and with a strangled moan, years of need and want pour out of him as he comes, spurting thick wet streaks between them and over Cas’ fist as he presses his thumb under the head of Dean’s dick.
“She told me about Balthazar, she told me that you don’t fucking trust me enough, that it’s obvious we’ll never last, ‘cause you won’t tell me jack shit about your family and your past! That if we were in it for the long haul, you would’ve told me by now!”
What a fucking tattletale. It’s not like Zachariah didn’t earn himself a slapdown. Long before now. The fact that Dean’s been able to contain himself this long speaks to his self-restraint, and now Cas is bitching him out for it?
“Terrific,” Cas deadpans, “And I only brought two clean shirts.”
On their way home through the plaza, this time less freaked out, ‘cause he’s full of alcohol and pizza, Dean tells Cas, “I was sitting right over there when the weirdo took my picture.”
“No,” Dean shakes his head. Because, well, anything for Cas, yadda yadda. “I just… It’s a little different, that’s all.”
Benny turns around as they emerge from the trees, stumbling over small rocks and their own feet in their haste to get to him. He looks
Dean’s lips form words, but he doesn’t know whether any sound comes out or not, ‘cause all he can hear in his ears is the hummingbird flutter of his pulse, as he shoots his liquefied spine out of his dick.
actually do anything about it. He’s just gotta carry the knowledge around with him like he’s the accidental recipient of the most generous airline-cabin luggage allowance ever.
It does help calm him, at least a little.
Not knowing where your next meal was coming from ‘cause your dad was out and about leaving someone’s corpse at the roadside is a difficult thing to get over. Dean always wants to stuff his face whenever he can and worry about the consequences later, but he gets that it doesn’t make him look super suave.
As a result, Dean ends up with an array of brightly colored, plasticky-scented stuffed animals that includes a blue unicorn, a green squirrel-looking thing, and a giant purple and black dog with a smushed face that only a mother could love.
“Something in there?” Charlie asks.
“He likes them too, but he’s busy with his girlfriend on Tuesdays,” Dean manages after a huge glug of whiskey that burns on its way down.
“Cas?” Jimmy sneers. “Did you just call him ‘
“Sounds good to me,” Dean says, “As long as I don’t go out Tatum-style, stuck in a cat-flap, ‘cause that would be super undignified.”
Benny. The pair of them deserve it.
Changing the subject and reminding Charlie that she wanted to organize this shit at ass o’clock in the morning on their moving out day; one last meeting before they all part ways for the summer, Dean says, “You got any coffee for us? We’ll need enough to kill off the brain cells used to process that information.”
He’s meeting Cas at the competition venue. It’s the regional finals and Cas has been killing it so far; building a seamless case, smoothly and effectively cutting through the opposition’s arguments like a Great White through water.
Dean indulged his sweet tooth back when he was young and still figuring it all out for himself. Now that he’s (a little) older, it turns out he likes his men how he likes his coffee; bitter and strong (and sometimes, as a treat, with an abundance of cream.)
“Good. It’s my favorite shirt.”
By the time Dean’s done pulling a shirt on over his head, Cas is nowhere to be seen.
Dean tries his best to meet him, thrust for thrust, to fuck up into the cradle of his hips, but he can’t get much leverage in this position, so he mostly just has to lie there and take it, let Cas do what he wants, and
Sam likes Cas immediately, and it’s not like anything could really alter Dean’s feelings about Cas at this point, but it’s nice to have the little brother seal of approval. Though once Sam finds out Cas is pre-law, it's all law talk, all the goddamn time.
“Here it is!” Benny announces with far too much enthusiasm, and dashes off up some narrow stone steps into a skewer of cacti.
All of this really has been a long time coming, and if Dean would’ve given Castiel the time of day before now, things wouldn’t have needed to get this extreme. But maybe it’s better this way. Now they get to tie up all the loose ends and it really can just be the two of them, like Dean always wanted.
What the fuck.
They unfold themselves from the car, being quiet with the doors, and put their plan into action.
Flippant and wry in that sharp way Cas perfected years ago, he suggests, “Here’s an option: We could always
(Sam still complains about that time they had nothing to eat but rice, lentils, and cheap ground beef that had too much gristle.)
“Yeah.” Then, ‘cause Dean’s feeling malicious, he adds, “He’s here. Saw him before.”
Jimmy had no reason to worry; the food is good, and normally Dean would be pig-trough deep in it, but he can’t bring himself to eat more than a few mouthfuls. Even under Jimmy’s watchful scowl. Everyone else around the table — Amelia, Zachariah, Naomi, and a pastor whose name Dean can’t remember — are making encouraging noises as they politely stuff their faces.
Dean lets the mouse hover over the link for a moment. Does he really wanna open this can of worms?
Dean has never been so disappointed in his friend. Not even that time when he informed Dean with a completely straight face that Intruder was his favorite slasher movie (‘It’s got the Raimi brothers
He digs the hand fork into the flower bed, leaving the handle standing upright. He removes his thick gardening gloves, dropping them onto the grass next to his knees.
. Like,
With Dean in front, they make it until they’re back in the woods before either of them speak.
wants her to slap Cas, but if she faints then they can sneak off to the school restrooms and Dean can live up to the graffiti that a 13-year-old Sammy discovered written in a Connecticut bathroom stall about his older brother.
They lapse into silence again while Cas tends to his cuts and injuries. Examining the webbing of bruises forming on Dean’s torso, Cas lets out an angry growl, “I wish I could kill him again.”
The key to answering that question lies with the ‘self-respecting’ part.
‘Cause behind that painstakingly constructed partition is a wealth of shit he's not allowed himself to think about beyond the abstract, it-happened-to-somebody-else kind of way. He's the king of compartmentalization. And for good reason, 'cause the thing that bound him and Cas close is the very same thing that ended up tearing them apart.
“Alright.”
Walking up the driveway without a pizza in hand seems weird as fuck, but the even weirder thing is that Dean doesn’t even get the chance to knock on the door, before it swings open and he’s getting yanked inside by a remarkably strong hand.
Dean can’t bring himself to be mad.
Once everything has blown over of course. There’s no way he’s putting his kid brother at risk.
“I just came out for a few drinks with the people from work,” Castiel defends. He points at the table where Gabriel and the others are watching. A smirk spreads across Gabriel’s face as he waves back with a saucy wiggle of his fingers.
As a result, Castiel never attends happy hour with his colleagues. Alcohol (which has been known to make his tongue loose and sharp) + people he dislikes = disaster for his steady career.
Standing in front of the television, Charlie holds out two DVD cases, “So, what movie do you wanna watch first?
Nobody does. Even as Benny’s desperation ratchets up several notches. "Dean, you
“That looks fresh,” Benny points out, turning his head away to breathe air that doesn’t reek of copper and viscera. “Couple hours old, maybe.”
else.
Dean takes it as his cue to slip away to the bathroom.
The Langham is an architect's (or a dude who nerds out over buildings’) wet dream. Simple and elegant, the hotel stands out for its clean lines and entrancing shine. Of course, Dean feels completely out of place as his weathered boots squeak on the polished-stone lobby floor.
Oh no. My apologies, I didn’t know they would take that. I’ll send you through another three dollars. I hope it comes to at least $1.13. Please let me know.
want one of those babies? Hell, If Kali would let me,” he shakes his head, whistling lowly, “I’d be out there driving around in my midlife crisis for all to see!”
He’ll have to take a claw hammer to it once he digs out his tools from the piles of moving boxes.
“What was what?” Dean asks, feigning innocence.
His roommate has cleaned up the stalker’s mess, and Dean’s stupid, traitorous heart clenches.
On the days he’s there, Dean waits to shower until Cas can go with him. Cas is his quiet but stern guardian, keeping close watch for any errant hands or anyone who looks at Dean the wrong way.
Meg’s grin widens.
Coffee in hand, Dean turns.
walking close enough together that the edge of Cas' pinky catches Dean's as they navigate through the crowd. It’s so easy like this with Cas; they just seem to slot together — jagged edges and all — so that, rather than rubbing each other up the wrong way, they connect with the kind of effortless satisfaction that most people spend their lives searching for.
"I missed this mouth," Cas muses. "Even the things that come out of it."
Seeing an in, and wiggling himself right into it, Dean says, “Hire me and I’ll find out for you. I’ll follow him, find out what he’s really up to. We can take the rest from there.”
Goddammit.
They make their way to the right, walking along the top of a fallen trunk, then hopping down and climbing out on a low clump of rocks where the outlet joins the lake. Benny sits on a boulder, struggling to catch his breath, whilst Dean keeps one eye on him and the other on the edge of the outcropping, attempting to gauge the depth of the outlet.
“Dean,” Jo says, shoving none-too-gently at his shoulder.
Dean gives Castiel a look that he would have been able to decipher two and a half years ago, but now leaves him feeling confused and more than a little bereft, reaching for something just outside of his grasp.
California is a death penalty state. So’s Pennsylvania.
Or is he reading too much into this?
“I paid off his gambling dates, let him live in a house I purchased free of charge, gave him a living wage. Nothing too excessive, but enough that he was sufficiently appreciative to spill the beans on you. And keep tabs on you whilst I was unable to, of course. Which he did a rather splendid job of,” he gestures around, “Because here I am. So I suppose I can forgive him for his reluctance to see you die. He does still love you, after all.”
They step out from behind the tree, and with Dean leading the way, they begin to circle around to the rear of the cabin. The wall has a single dirty window, with a rusted screen hanging by its last hinge.
Dean’s run the gamut like the five stages of grief.
“I love you,” Cas tells him, heartfelt and soul-deep, and Dean swears that time stands still for an entire second. Nothing huge in the grand scheme of things, but Dean sees his life flash in front of his eyes, and it’s a lifetime with Cas.
Initial construction will take place Monday - Saturday between the hours of 7 a.m. and 7 p.m.
“Huh,” Dean mutters, “Must’ve got the call.”
Benny’s reaction to Cas’ revelation is even better than Ms. Hayes’ to Dean’s. His eyes widen and his fists clench and he looks a combination of furious and stricken. He doesn’t even spare Cas or the gun currently indenting his skin a glance, “You’re
Dean keeps his lips zipped, not wanting to incur the wrath of the Stare™, for explaining that, technically, neither is Logan.
It seems like a good idea to create their base camp on the ground floor in case they need to make a quick exit, but at the same time, they’d be easily accessible to any ne'er-do-wells.
Survivors of run-ins with serial killers are in turns recalcitrant and hysterical. Occasionally catatonic, depending on the shit they had to endure and the duration of said shit. Castiel is none of the above. Instead, there’s humor behind his blank expression. Along with a shameless sense that he knows he makes people uncomfortable and revels in it.
“That it?” Dean asks, so full of false bravado that it’s overspilling. “‘Cause I’ve got a class to get to.”
Dean gets a hand around the thick, satiny length of him, leaning forward to dip his tongue into the slit, tasting the bitter saltiness of Cas.
It’s him. He’s the one.
“If he
Cas will believe him though. Or he won’t care and will side with Dean either way.
She seems to be handling the situation well, all things considered.
She’s still wearing Dean’s cuffs. They’re no longer connected though. With the links between them broken, they encircle her wrists like chunky silver bracelets.
“I don’t know!” Benny yells, throwing his arms up and turning away from Dean. He begins searching through their stuff. “He was right behind me until he wasn’t.”
Dean squints to see. His feet carry him forward before he can think better of it. Nobody jumps out at him as he makes his way past the chest-high hedge, watching the pitch-black porch for any movement.
Tyrus sighs, “Well, we’ve been having some trouble over the water with the Kansas City lot and we want to boost our presence. We figured that offering our security services once you’ve got your gambling establishments up and running would be a good place to start.”
Claire makes a squealing noise that Castiel has come to understand is a happy one in the teenage-girl language of biting sarcasm and door-slamming. “You mean I can drive?”
Right now, he’s got a feud going with another wrestler over Dean supposedly harassing his girl. It’s dumb as fuck, but at least he hasn’t got a mop for a manager or been forced to eat his pet chihuahua, so he counts himself lucky.
Alcohol in his veins and dirty thoughts playing on a loop in his brain, Castiel doesn’t even hesitate. “Yes.”
Still, he's nothing if not a team player - suburban orgy or piss-poor criminals be damned - so he digs deep - a lot easier these days now that practically all of his transactions are in cash for obvious reasons - and drops a crisp (genuine, he’s not a jerk) twenty into the honesty box, musing whether to go for a slice of lemon drizzle or bundt cake.
The only thing that stops Dean from asking is the fact that there’s a more pressing issue at hand.
The five of them stroll towards the Jeep, with Benny and Garth reaching it first, Charlie close behind, and Cas and Dean bringing up the rear.
When Dean reaches for the corner of his sleeping bag, his hand brushes against Cas’. He looks up, and their eyes catch and hold. It’s so stupid, so thoroughly fucking high school, that Dean almost lets out the panicked, hysterical laughter that’s been bubbling since they found the photos. Instead, he makes a strangled noise, and Cas — sensing Dean’s internal breakdown — shuffles closer on his haunches.
Cas thanks him again, and they set off home.
(In his defense, it’s been a reallllllllly crazy twenty-four hours).
“Yeah, thanks,” Dean mumbles through numb lips. “So you didn’t see who left it?”
The irony is palpable.
, the sight and smell of them together, the way they just
And then he’s shutting the aged oak door in Dean’s stupid, lovestruck face.
Like bona fide, never getting the fuck back up again, barring some kind of supernatural intervention, dead.
“I’m his wife, of course not.”
She tilts her head, gazing down at Castiel’s hand. Castiel looks too. She’s done a good job of painting his nails. It’s neat and tidy and admittedly, the pop of color is rather enticing.
Thanks for the recommendation, I bought all three hoping that you would be able to combine for them?
They sit there, staring at each other in the darkness, until Dean can’t stand it anymore, “Cas, I’m--”
She stares down at him, considering. “I
. Better than the latest Doctor Sexy love-quadrangle-involving-triplets storyline, Dean can feel it.
He wants to cry, wants to scream, wants to beg Cas to love him the way Dean’s spent the last three and a half years believing that Cas did. That kind of all-consuming, defiant love. Maybe Cas loves him, but not enough. Dean’s not what he needs; just what he wants.
Their trip to the emergency room (that Dean absolutely insisted on, despite Cas’ laissez-faire attitude to the entire thing) was a bust. Life-threatening conditions have priority, and for all intents and purposes, Cas threw up (albeit a fuckton). As a result, the ER receptionist quickly went from less-than-welcoming to actively hostile. She graciously condescended to give them a stack of intake forms to sign, but kept jerking her chin none-too-subtly at the multiple signs posted around the waiting room, according to which the emergency room is for emergencies and fifty-two percent of walk-in cases to the ER are ‘non-urgent’. After almost two hours, Cas loudly declared for the seventh time that he felt absolutely fine — to the disgruntled side-eyes and annoyed grumbles of other patients — so Dean caved and they went home.
Cas sits him down on their couch, teaches him some breathing exercises to help with the panic: an easy 4-7-8 method that doesn’t help until it does. Then, Cas forces him to drink some tea —
The rest being the cops once Dean’s suspicions are confirmed.
Yeah, not happening.
He makes excuse after excuse why Sammy can’t come and visit:
Cas makes a displeased sound. “What do you suggest we do, then?”
“Yeah, fuck, I can’t remember what the thing is called. He told me about it a while ago. He’d been looking for it in Minsk, then Budapest... Beijing, I think. Istanbul too. Apparently, he found it.”
Leaning forward, he shoves a box of tissues closer to the edge of his desk. Daphne plucks one out and blows her nose. He chances, “Did you say
“You almost had me going there,” Dean tells her. “I’m a pretty open-minded guy, I’m willing to at least give people the benefit of the doubt.” He leans in like he’s sharing a secret. “And trust me, I’ve seen enough wild shit to justify it. You had me about seventy-five percent convinced that Castiel might actually be a vampire. But you fell a little short. Short to the tune of a murder rap.”
), turned on, confused and giddy with it. He clings to Cas with both hands, twisting his fists in the threadbare Faith No More shirt Cas wore on their fourth date.
It’s not quite what they wanted (which is either the opportunity to kill Nick or a gold-plated, artisan reed diffuser - and what the fuck is one of those when it’s at home [Cas insisted it went on the gift list]), but if it results in Nick being dead and their families being safe? Well, yeah. Dean’s 100% on board.
As she turns back to the kitchen, she catches sight of Cas, and no doubt, Dean’s lovestruck, ‘oh-my-god-I’m-gonna-jizz-in-my-pants’ face, and grins. “Cas, you got a little something—” She gestures to her own cheek.
The phone on his desk is already ringing silently with incoming calls on numerous lines; a pretty little light show, and Dean wants to smush his stupid husband's stupid face. Or put habanero peppers in his coffee. Or change his ringtone to some kind of jerk anthem.
Not that he blames people for not wanting to see what’s directly in front of them when it comes to this shit. Ignorance is bliss and all that. Sometimes (read: most times), he’d rather that he hadn’t fallen headfirst into the world (literally) after slipping on some shapeshifter skin in the alley around the back of his bakery.
Nick gestures to his lackeys to put their weapons away and Dean appreciates the initial show of trust, even though it’s immediately followed up by them beginning to search the warehouse. “Where are the workers?”
“Yeahuh,” Dean responds, channeling Cas and his signature eyebrow raise, “I thought we’d already discovered that Benny isn’t worth whatever money you paid him…”
Assholes. Dean’s usually on board for stupid pranks — just last week, someone filled one of the hallways with those polystyrene packing peanuts, which was hilarious — but this is just
And sure, yeah, Dean’s entertained a few fantasies where his stalker gets Final Destinationed — impaled on a pick-ax or electrocuted in the shower — but actually
Dean looks his fill, ‘cause
Whilst Jack took a little more getting used to, after some minor (attitude) adjustments, he fit right into their offbeat family. Dean taught Jack to drive the year before Claire, he taught him how to change the oil on a car, how to fish, how to cook, how to be an adult.
“I bet you dollars to donuts that this unsub has killed before too,” Dean says, straightening up, wishing Benny and Victor would hurry up at the crime scene of the third vic, ‘cause Dean was promised a red-eye coffee and a pastry. With an apologetic smile, the chief excuses himself, called away by one of his officers, and the door bumps softly shut behind him.
Nope. Not a bad trip.
“Yeah.” Dean agrees, “So,” He turns his attention to the remaining fuckbag in his house, “Looks like you’re all alone until my husband turns up.”
It wouldn’t be a duckyboos murder husband fic without some poor prick’s murder getting romanticized.
Dude is hot like burning for sure, and under any other circumstances, Dean would be all over that. But no. Dean’s not up for being the Mina to this dude’s Dracula.
Garth ignores her. “—and Bess jumped to the wrong conclusion. It was just a misunderstanding, that’s all. I had plans to fix everything when I got back.”
“Oh, but where’s your sense of adventure, Dean?” Cas mocks, pleased with himself. In lieu of an actual answer, Dean gives him the finger.
“Woulda been much better for us if construction started this week,” Benny mutters.
“Yes. Do you know her?”
Something cutesy, like ‘messy pup’ with a picture of a dog underneath.
And Dean
Deepthroat adds, “We said that we would
“Cas, what the fuck is this, man?” Something rattles loose inside him. He can feel it reverberating against his soul, the blackened, charred parts of him. He knows that he sounds wrecked when he asks in a broken, little-boy-lost voice, “How can this be happening again?”
Dean sighs, trying not to look at Cas directly, because if he does, then he’ll fold like a tourist at a Las Vegas poker tournament, and he’s mad at Cas for not letting him sleep in just
“Sex!” Comes the gleeful answer from Gabriel. “Lots and lots of sex!”
And that’s being kind.
"Okay,” Dean concedes, watching Cas closely for the minutiae of his reaction; the way his sooty eyelashes dip, the upturn of his plush mouth, “so maybe I'm the asshole."
Ketch flinches and blurts out, “What the hell do you want from me?”
Thirty seconds.
Charlie’s the first one to break, sending them all into peals of laughter, like they’re twenty and dumb (instead of thirty-four and dumb), and it’s kinda cathartic after the tension of the day.
Cas still appears skeptical, so Dean brings out the (metaphorical) big guns, “Come on, it’s my lifelong dream, you wouldn’t deprive your husband of that, now would you?”
He could be out there living his last few hours in ignorant bliss on the coin pusher machines he saw near the kids' area.
“Dean? You okay?” When he doesn’t get an immediate answer, he looks between Dean and the creeper, trying to figure it out for himself. “What’s goin’ on?”
It’s more than Dean had been wanting to pay — more than he can afford, scholarship and all — but Cas insists on picking up the slack. He’s got money saved. A severance package from his family, he calls it.
At their prearranged signal phrase, Cas emerges from the trees, unseen by Ketch.
This is the first time that any of them have been inside, as they’ve only recently been given the go-ahead by a fire inspector that this place is safe (enough). The bodies that could be removed were taken away along with any hazardous debris. According to the police report though, the fire burned so hot that there was barely anything left. Mostly charred remains and ash.
The outside world feels insignificant compared to the magnitude of everything Dean’s feeling internally. It’s heady and scary and Dean never wants the sensation to go away. Wants to exist solely in this tilt-a-whirl of emotions and loaded words and weighted looks.
Fingernails digging crescents into Cas’ shoulder, Dean moans, “Yours, Cas. For as long as you don’t eat me.”
Dean’s amused expression lets Castiel know that he’s failed miserably.
Dude’s
It made sense at the time.
“Are you a doctor, Balthazar?”
Dean grins, razor-sharp, “Something like that.”
Hands in the air, Dean drops the gun, sending it clattering to the concrete.
Balthazar hesitates. Dean’s convinced that he’s gonna say something like, ‘your guess is as good as mine,’ but he doesn’t. Instead, he says, “I’ll ask around. Find out as much as I can. You — hold on tight to that box, but do not open it.
So yeah. Each day is like a mixed grab bag of Halloween candy and Dean just has to hope that his doesn’t contain any Necco Wafers.
She does as she’s told.
voice. “About getting help.”
**Present Day, Creepy AF Forest**
Cas’ eyes are closed, and when they flutter open, they’re obsidian, blue reduced to nothing but a fever dream, and Dean can see the wreckage of himself reflected back in the pitch-black shine of Cas’ pupils.
Immediately, Arthur lets go, holds his palms up in surrender. His accent is clipped, but with long vowels, “I didn’t come here to upset you. I just wanted to apologize.”
“Are you wanting to put it on your CV?” Cas pauses, watching a harried woman drag her kid through the foyer, “And yes. I’ll never hear the end of it if you don’t.”
"Cas," Dean rasps, mouth dry, wide-eyed and turned on. “Jesus.”
“Now you’re just splittin’ hairs.”
“You’re such a freak,” Charlie tells him over the phone as he gets himself his third coffee from the caffeine-dispensing robot that hisses it out into the crappy plastic cup like it’s got a personal vendetta. “Pretty sure you’ve got your scent wires crossed. Though it’s not quite as bad as that time you brought a burger into the morgue.”
“And that makes it okay?” Dean splutters. “What the hell is wrong with you, man? Why can’t you just leave me alone?”
turns up a couple of minutes later with his black coffee, a donut (which means all is forgiven), and a walk-of-shame grin.
“Right,” Dean says. Then adds, “You'd think it would've been stored with the container, is all.”
problem?” she repeats incredulously. Castiel has always disliked her penchant for dramatics.
Dean wishes he could say the same. But Jo was his best friend, and her death was yet another fucked-up thing in a long line of fucked-up things that happened in his junior year.
INITIAL STAGE HYDROELECTRIC DAM CONSTRUCTION UNDERWAY FROM 07/13 FOR APPROXIMATELY TWENTY-FOUR WEEKS
“Nothing personal, hmm?” Cas asks archly as Dean clambers out of the fountain, his jeans wet and heavy.
“Are we gonna whack somebody?” Dean asks with a grin, bumping Cas’ shoulder with his own.
Benny huffs a laugh, lifts the pizza. “If I’da known we’d have an extra and a drunkard in need of sobering up, I’da got another one.”
If this is even close to what Dean is worried it might be, then it’s probably safer that they get everybody else clear. Plus Bobby is shooting him a DEFCON level three glare over Sam’s well-defined shoulder and he just is
Dean chews his pizza for so long that it tastes of soggy nothingness when he finally swallows.
Linnaeus probably didn’t have much to say about the taxonomy of baked goods.
Castiel.
glare.
“How’d I get so lucky?” Dean rasps, and it’s not entirely a rhetorical question.
Riding the high of invincibility and feeling mean as hell, Dean drops down onto his haunches and reaches toward Ketch. He hooks a forefinger into the waistband of Ketch’s shorts, draws it back like a sling-shot and lets go. The elastic snaps.
It’s possible he’s going mad. Wouldn’t be the first time his marbles have rattled loose, but even so.
Dean huffs a quiet laugh. “I’m just pissed off. I can’t believe Benny would do something like this. What the fuck is his problem?”
The following silence is so long that Dean has to check to make sure that they haven’t been disconnected.
Cas is
He doesn’t remember much of that time, except for an overwhelming sense of feeling like a burden. If Dean could just man up and look after Sammy as he should be able to, then maybe Dad wouldn’t have to keep shoving them off onto people who clearly had better things to do than raising kids that weren’t theirs. Maybe Dad would actually stick around.
is a must-read.
There are worse things to be, he supposes. Like habitually and regrettably late to the point where friends tell you to be somewhere an entire day early. Or a One Direction fan.
So yeah, it feels good to have a few drinks and just chill out, rather than waking up every morning wondering if today’s going to be the day that a nutjob with mommy issues decides to strangle another sophomore with piano wire.
Not verbally at least.
— has been ogling all night, he
Dean gets it. It’s fine.
There’s no answer, nothing in the quiet but the wet sound of their bodies and their harsh pants for breath. Cas nails him on a particularly skilled thrust and Dean moans. “Ca—Jimmy, c’mon. The door’s unlocked.”
Dean’s little brother, Sam, has perfected the puppy-dog eyes over the years. Lesser known is Dean’s forlorn senior-dog-at-a-rescue-who’s-been-overlooked-one-too-many-times expression.
Dean tracks to where Garth’s pointing, and he bends down. As he gets closer, he realizes he isn’t looking at a postcard at all. It’s a photograph.
“What does this have to do with the box?” Dean asks, not wanting — but needing — to know.
desired by someone.
Cas’ lips tilt into a smirk. “Do you know how much that vase was worth?”
“John Bonham,” Dean tells him.
“If that’s what you want,” Castiel hedges. Like he’s unsure. And
Grabbing a flashlight, Dean rushes into the trees. As he dodges trunks and ducks low under limbs, he hears Garth and Charlie following.
The purse is unzipped. Her phone, lipstick, some kind of mint wrapper, and keys are all wedged tightly into the tiny space.
“Cas?” Hope rises in Dean’s chest, baby bird-like in its fragility.
Standing barefoot on the patio flagstones in nothing but his loose-fitting pajama pants, Dean gapes. “
All-in-all, it’s a pretty good match and he almost forgets what’s coming.
Dean wants to ask, wants to know everything, but it’s Cas’ painful story to tell when he’s ready.
He’s gonna have to throw this pair away. Unless Mrs. C can perform some kind of miracle.
Anna is watching him closely, her pretty features creased in concern. “Are you sure?”
Deciding that studying is a lost cause, Dean pokes his head around the divider and whispers, “That book as boring as it looks?”
