By the time Strange arrives, Steve’s abandoned the chair for the floor. Tony’s sleep has been restless, but he hasn’t roused for more than a few seconds at a time. Strange asks Steve to leave the cabin and Steve can hear him waken Tony as he closes the door. When Strange joins Steve and the medics in the main cabin, he announces that Tony’s fit to fly and they can take off.
The thought nags at him that maybe, just maybe Stane has no secret agenda. Tony’s known him for ages and Steve only for the last few days. Of course, Stane’s been crass and ignorant about Steve’s position as a sex worker. A lot of people are. He’s not surprised. What if Stane has Tony’s welfare at heart and the pushing he’s done to force Tony in one direction is the only one to save the Conclave. Steve shoves away from the food. It’s all too much.
No use thinking about the philosophical issues with the Treaty and the human vampire interactions. Not when he was so very hungry. He drew in a useless breath and let it sit in his lungs; it swirled around like the wind in the caves near Niagara Falls. Never used just a pressure. He released it and opened his eyes to see his coven mistress and queen standing next to the couch and staring at him. Her skin like the snows of Moscow and her hair as red as blood, she arched a brow at him.
“I’m fine. I twisted his dick and punched him in the nose – broke it really – the nose that is.” Steve leaves out the bully stick incident.
That had startled Tony. He hadn’t expected Coulson to just up and leave. The idea of having him here and being part of Tony’s life even in a smallest of ways, had actually soothed some of Tony’s anxieties and given him hope that at some point he’d find the courage to deal with his memories of Steve. “I didn’t think you would ever leave. Good luck.” Tony added in a mutter, “Where ever you’re going.”
“No, no!” Steve said and grabbed for Tony. “I mean.” He stopped and looked up, trying to control the flow of emotions. Never had he ever had such difficulties. A shield. Yes, a shield had been his weapon of choice, and it had been his defense. Both physically and metaphorically. As a child he built walls around his heart and his soul. Brick by brick he constructed the walls so that he was strong and sturdy, and no one could harm him. Not even the bullies that beat him in back alleys. Nothing broke his stoicism, his steady heart.
Desperate, Bucky latches onto him again. “Please, Steve, this guy – he’s famous. Word gets out even out here in the boonies. I don’t want happening to you, what happened in that place.”
“Don’t you worry about that. We’ll get it out of his view.” Ana stroked his cheek and he’d fought back the tears and he grasped the lion close to his chest.
“Oh?” Pepper says and then something must jog her memory. “Yes. Yes. He gave me a few applicators for you to try. Let me go get them. Plus, I need to find a more appropriate suit for you. I’ll be right back.”
“Summer and Winter,” Steve whispers and it feels like the air in his lungs lifts his away into the clouds. The boy is holding him and Steve knows he never wants him to let go. “James?”
“Fuck,” Steve mutters and taps his implant again. He needs to reach out to Bucky again. It’s unlikely though that he’ll be successful and, even if he does connect, the delay tacks on days and hours. By the time he finally gets in touch with Bucky it will be all over. Silently, he closes his eyes and thinks about his Ma – how she always prayed in times like these. Even when her life got hard, she never lost faith. He doesn’t know how she managed. Over the past few years his faith dwindled to little more than an occasional wish to God that something good would come his way and some promises to pray more often if he did. That’s not faith, that’s just wishful thinking.
“What you felt is the gravity flux here. The boots are compensating for you, so you don’t go floating into the game.” Tony touches the window, and it glitters. “Not a real window or barrier.”
Something new grew between them. Laying together under the stars as Tony renewed his depleted reserves, the pulse of energy cascaded around them like the mist from a waterfall. Steve had waved his hands through it, swirling the energy like a whirlpool of stars around them. It entranced Steve and he grinned at Tony like a child in a toy store. “Why do you think we can see it now? We can’t normally.”
“Fuck. When I think about what could have happened,” Tony says and buries his face in Steve’s hair. It takes a few seconds before he pulls away from Steve and adds, “I’ll get you my own alert bracelet. You can call me anytime-.”
Bucky ushers the man out of the small flat with a muttered, “Who the hell do you think stripped you in the first place.”
“I knew I’d seen you around the station before big dick Stark showed up on the scene. Come on, you want me to keep things quiet you gotta give something to get something.”
Alternate Steve jumps in, a smirk on his face. His hulking body looms over Tony. “You know I’m right. You want to know why you know?” He spares a glance at Steve and then focuses back on Tony. “You know it. Don’t you?” His words are nearly like a lover’s in their tone. “It’s because I can read his thoughts. You know it. You know I know who he is better than you do. You know that he keeps too much hidden. Hidden away. He’s wanted you off the team from the start.”
Climbing out of the bedding, he joins Tony at the console. There’s a small device hooked up to the control panel, pulsing with light that it feeds into the circuits. “I got it to run. You’re not going to believe what I found.” He hits a switch. The monitor flickers to life. It’s Natasha right after they defeated Ultron.
“All in due time, Captain. First answer my question. Does he know?” Loki lurks around him like a crow around a dying animal.
“Right,” Tony says. There’s a particular part of the family tree he’s focused on. Tony examines it. “That’s an interesting branch you’re looking at.”
For so many years he’s been plastered on the front page of magazines, littered the internet with images. The world centered around him, and he flung out the right words and right attitude to be an influencer, a leader, a celebrity. But never in his life has he ever felt like someone.  Someone deserving of kindness, someone deserving of love, someone deserving.
“He tries. We’re a sorry bunch, considering. Been a hard few months. Wish it all had never happened.”
That makes no sense to him, but he accepts it. She checks his bandages and grimaces. “You know you could have killed yourself.”
The press conference goes as Tony expects, held in the lobby of Stark Industries. The crowd of reporters rivals the one he had when he announced his identity as Iron Man. People are clamoring to ask Steve questions, but Tony keeps him at his side and the little he speaks is enough to have the entire audience swoon.
Another pause and then Steve wrestles with the blanket Tony covered him with as if he’s fighting for purchase.
“Not at him, you fools!” Ross yelled. “At the Captain!” The V-Corp agents swung their weapons at the helpless Steve. Ross turned to Tony, his face red with rage. “Whatever the hell you’re playing at remember, he dies if you don’t cooperate.”
Still slightly angry and doubting his motives, Pepper closes her arms around herself as she studies the schedule. She pages through the different days, expanding out hours and closing down others. She makes a few changes, but generally accepts all his changes. “This is good, actually Steve. Really good.”
It doesn’t matter. Tony runs to the front door, opens it, and is outside on the lawn, staring up into the sky. “I haven’t seen the sky in so long, not the night sky,” he’s saying by the time Steve catches up to him. “All the years, I never used the glasses to see the pure night sky away from the city. I never had the opportunity. Wearing the glasses for the limited time I could, I always ended up having to take them off by the time it was night. This is marvelous.” He reaches out and grasps Steve’s hand. “Let’s get further away from the house. I want to see the sky without the interference with the house’s lights.”
“Operative word there is old, Tony. I’m making sub sandwiches. What kind would you like?” Steve says and starts taking out the supplies. He might not be a great cook, not like Wanda, but he can make a pretty good sub. “What kind of sub do you want?”
Clint didn’t question him and followed Steve’s instructions. Though he hated the idea of involving his friend, Sam, in this mess. Months back, Steve had been running the mall in DC only to meet Sam. They’d joked a bit about Steve and the ice, but it had been Sam’s remark about sleep that captured Steve’s attention. Trying to acclimate to a new century had been one thing but dealing with his memories of battle and war had been something he’d spent the last six years ignoring. Sam had invited him into his group, and while Steve had demurred, they had hit it off and became friends.
“No. He did it when I was still – you know – not like this.” Steve gracefully sits back down with a new loaf of bread and another bowl of stew. “Before you ask, I told him I wasn’t interested and skedaddled out of the lab.”
Pepper takes the quilt and steps into the vestibule, gesturing for Steve to follow her. He hesitates only a moment, but then steps up and enters the house. He can hear the squeals of laughter from what Steve can only call the hospital room on the first floor of the house. Pepper ushers Steve to the entrance as Jarvis exits. He has a tray of mashed up, discarded food.
“Maybe a little. But I know I’m not the only one who sees you mooning after Cap.” He thinks he detects a little giggle and he doesn’t appreciate it.
Tony uses his regular cane to tap his way over to Steve. “Do you get it? I finished. Come on, I need your help with the installation.”
“It does, does it?” Tony doubts that, but there’s not a lot he knows about the whole situation so he sips the coffee and he probes a little more. “Would money help?”
“Well, maybe it shouldn’t be the one thing we always talk about concerning me. How about we talk about something completely off topic.” Tony drinks the rest of his hot chocolate. “Give it a try.”
Not even that small fact assuaged the disgust running through him. The pain from his wound and the burns meant nothing in comparison to this creature touching him, violating him in the most intimate ways.
“You have fucked up. This is fucked up. And all you can think about is your boyfriend from the forties. Maybe you’re fucking Hydra and we’ve all been fooled.”
“It is a time of growth for you. You are progressing along the vampire maturation path much more quickly than any other vampire I have known in all the ages of my life, and there have been many.” Thor studied him with a critical eye. “Do not be so sure of yourself and your ability to stop from going too far with your human. You may very well drain him by pure accident in your current state.”
Steve joined the crowd around the gurney. Healing Sam had weakened Steve, causing an exhaustion to overcome him. He hungered to sit out in the sun for hours and sleep himself. He wondered if that was what he needed or if he was just imagining things. First things first – attending Sam’s questions.
“The outer rim might be more difficult to discern than when we get closer in, but I suspect I’ll recognize it,” Tony assures him, but keeps mum about what exactly that means.
“Yeah,” Natasha snickers. “I thought so. I brought you this. See you in a week.” She shoves a paper bag in his hands and then turns around to leave. “Oh and tell mom the kids will be waiting for the both of you when you’re done with your honeymoon.”
A cold sweeps over Tony and he feels it too like an echo, a phantom of something that used to be but is no more. “It’s gone.”
Tony waves him to sit back down after he jumps from his chair. “It’s fine. He hasn’t had an episode in months.”
“Boss?” A tinny voice called to him. He spun around but only found Rumlow glowering at him. “Boss, we can’t get him out of the cell. He won’t come out.”
Without looking up, Steve says, “Do you want to pick out a movie? The popcorn’s done. I’ll get something to drink after I let the dough rest and rise.”
Real deal this time. I have been trying to keep ahead of the revisions so that I didn't have to break at all. Unfortunately RL just bit me this week as I have been trying to get ready for my surgery. So I will not post the next chapter until May 6th. I am sorry about that, but I figure with my surgery on Monday I will not be able to get to revising chapter 10 until later in the week and I cannot impose that much on thegraytigress. Plus with all the excitement for IW growing, well, I figure I don't want to post that weekend anyway. This will hopefully give me time to revise chapters 10 and 11. And to add the two extra chapters I decided to write. So thank you so much for sticking with this and all the good thoughts for my surgery and recovery, I really appreciate it! :) <3<3<3
Things clarify for Steve when he escorts the Stark Corp party out to the main deck and Director Coulson shows up. He’s still surprised that Coulson left the life of a ship’s captain to take over as the head of SHIELD Corp. SHIELD has taken on the duties as the main defense of Human Space.  Several of the other Corp protested and, for a while, it looked like the squabbles might manifest into a civil war, but the threat of the Chitauri and the Dark Elves lurking stopped all further complaints from Hammer Corp and AIM. The only thing the Corps and governors can currently agree on is that SHIELD handles the protection and guarding of the Human Space with Phil Coulson leading the way.
Bucky smirks and then the whole wall crackles with electricity; voltage sears through Steve and it launches him backward until he impacts with the opposite wall.  He rolls away from it almost immediately. His vision blanks out and his limbs throb with the aftereffects of the jolt like feeling the waves of the ocean long after departing the boat. He shudders and blinks, but he’s too late as Bucky leaps at him, smashing a fist to his face, his fist feels the same as it did when they were on the doomed Helicarrier. His cheekbone fractures and the rage of pain runs through him bringing him clarity.
“You did this for me,” Tony states. The realization hits him, and he seizes Steve, embracing him. “You did this for me.”
“Except for your recent infestation.” Sam says as he sidles onto and balances on the window’s ledge. “Everyone knows about the Red Skull gang. Lots of people down south are saying that Pierce and Schmidt are a pair to be reckoned with. They want the whole territory, my people in Falcon are worried.”
“Hey yourself.” He couldn’t really believe how nervous he felt. His palms sweated, his heart wanted to launch itself out of his chest (again), and the room momentarily spun around. He stayed planted at the doorway. “You think this is a good idea? Going off to the hinterlands.” He just wanted to find that little hut in the middle of nowhere that Strange sent them to and spend a few days or weeks just with Steve. How could he request that, when the pack needed them as well?
“Really?” Tony says and he’s not that surprised. From what he witnessed before he descended in the elevator, the omega may be beaten and bruised but he still possesses a fierce defiance. “Bind him. Just to settle him. Nothing else.”
“Well, you could’ve fooled me.” Tony crosses his arms and studies Steven – while his hands have uncurled from fists he’s not relaxed at all. That flight or fight response is high. “It’s not like you want to be around me.”
“You know I do.” He doesn’t address the reasons; it’s so clear and evident. The throbbing of his gland, the scent around him – he’s near Presentation and his alpha is thousands of miles away and wants to have him dead or worse locked in a prison in the bottom of the ocean.
Tony works into him, leaning down to tease him and then standing to pound further into him. Gulping air, Steve begs for Tony to do it – to fuck him and make him cry. “Please, fuck! Please!”
“I know who you are, and this isn’t it!” Steve says but his pulse screams in his vessels and his ears roar with it. “None of this is true Tony. You have to believe me.” The pounding in his cheekbone spears through his skull like a dagger, the pain growing with each passing minute.
“Whatever you say,” Steve agrees and they start down the narrow staircase. It’s a dicey walk down because the stairs were made by a crazy man, Steve’s certain. Some are slanted, others are as unstable as his legs; the whole place needs to be renovated. He’ll have to consider that once they get Schmidt to leave the town alone.
“That’s probably why he’s going to be terminated,” Pep hisses in his ear. “We don’t have time for th-.”
Steve glares at Tony but quickly recovers. “I think it’s more like Tony working and me just picking up what’s leftover.” He wants to stick his tongue out at the prince and when Erskine turns for a second to place his glass on a waiter’s tray, he does much to the prince’s bemusement.
In some long nights when the cell quieted and the guards disappeared into the darkness. It would hum and listen to the sounds. It would hum and it would float on the sounds. Drifting over a dream of yesterday – a dream of a different life. It wondered if it had a life at one time or if it just fantasized about something it could never have. Yet the melodious sounds emanating from its throat cast a spell over it and it listened. Foolishly. Recollections or fantasies, it did not know.
That was when Sam spoke up and teased the bonds, not annoyingly, not to hurt but to build and recover. He wove words to bring Steve around, asking questions, but not judging, helping Steve see the light. And when Hill appeared and asked who’s this guy – referring to Sam, Steve said it all, “Soul pack. Companion.”
Maria smiled down at him as she stroked his hair away from his face. “Yes. There’s a famous case where a child went missing in Italy, close to my mother’s village. People looked all over for the child and no one could find the boy. Then one moonless night they heard a strange moaning, but not really a moan. More like a low purr. The villagers followed the sound and found the child cuddled up against old Blu.”
As he races down the narrowing hall, the troopers scream for him to stop. They run after him and Bucky’s able with the blaster still clutched in his hand, to twist around and squeeze off a few blasts, but they aren’t aimed and they hit the vulnerable stone walls. Rocks and pebbles fly and scatter over them. The fortress trembles against the attack. Another barrage of bolts strikes close to Bucky’s head but he’s able to duck and turn to run again. He knows he can’t keep this up for too long.
Steve has never quite had a client like Tony. He opens his mouth and Tony places it on his tongue dragging it gently until Steve catches it with his teeth. When he does, he sees Tony’s pupils blow wide and the prince’s mouth open a touch as if he’s licking the cherry with Steve.
“Yeah, he did. Military is verifying. Also the higher ups are not too pleased to know that some of their orders came from Hydra.”
“I’m afraid it is nothing more than oats and water. It’s all I could get from them,” Yinsen says. He sprinkles a little of the sugar he’s been hording into the pot. “It’ll be fine.”
Everything narrowed as Steve hung over his friend. Steve knelt by Bucky’s side, hand cradling his neck as the pain shot through him and he quaked from the seizure. As Steve watched his friend laying in agony, he shook against him. Tears formed in his eyes and he shivered. It grew colder and colder and he held onto Bucky as Tony stumbled to a stop and dropped to his knees beside their Brother.
His life would have been so different if he’d never met Tony in that Blood Den, but then again, he wondered if he’d even still be alive. Steve glanced at Clint as they drove through the backroads toward the safe house. Clint had been his second for years at the V-Corps. They fit well together, and Steve appreciated Clint’s quick eye and even sharper wit. Steve had thought he would make a real difference in the ranks with Clint by his side. Together they ran a well-oiled machine. Had he ruined everything for Clint?
Steve’s first thought as he regains consciousness is how fucking cold Ultron makes everything. He peels his eyes open and gathers his thoughts, forcing himself not to concentrate on the frigidity of his muscles. It’s impossible. His muscles ache and strain against bonds holding him upright. Chains link him to a ceiling, but it’s too dark to see how far above him. He shifts and tries to figure it out, but the chains sway and show him how very far down he is.
“Yeah,” Steve said. “I was cleaning out my wound and bam it hit me. I almost took a swim in the toilet. Hit my head pretty hard.”
“And what are you doing here?” Inwardly, Steve reminds himself that this isn’t Loki, but another test by Ultron. Why the AI picked Loki spikes his interest, yet it’s dulled by the fact Tony’s still missing.
Steve takes it, rinses his mouth, spits it out and then takes another long drink. He hands it back to Tony. “We got to get to that cabin tonight. No telling how much snow is gonna come down now.”
"You don't get a lot of clients?" Tony asked because where was the money going if not for living expenses. From what Tony saw the man with Steve Rogers' face didn't seem to have a drug habit.
Once Steve left, Tony cleared up the mess and headed to the shower. He finished in short order and then crawled into bed, not bothering with his tablet or checking in with the company’s R&D department. Sleep called him and he answered it.
“I feel a little silly,” Steve mutters as he moves around in the bubble filled bath. The jetted tub, a massage room, and a steam room were designed by Tony during the original construction of the Malibu mansion. He rarely used them anymore and had since let go his personal masseuse.
Tony laps at the underside of Steve’s cock sending thrilling shivers up his spine and coiling his need. Steve clenches the fist on his hand steadying him against the wall of the shower. He grips the back of Tony’s head, tearing slightly at his hair. Tony’s groans send another shot of hot pleasure up Steve’s spine. His hips jerk as Tony takes him in his mouth again and he wants so much more. The prince grasps Steve’s hips and urges him to move, to pound into his mouth. The water splashes over their heads and Steve shudders with both want and heat. He tries his best to still his hips, but Tony encourages him like he has before – his tongue plays along Steve’s cock and slides over the slit. It’s too much, bare skin against bare tongue. Steve doesn’t remember the last time he’s had unprotected sex. He shouldn’t now. He bites back a cry; he’s lost all rational thought.
“Fury, Phil, they’re working on the inside. Now Nat,” Steve says and closes his eyes as he leans back in the seat. “Now, we’re all on the run. Again. I won’t be able to help Clint or -.” He stops and shivers. This time the tears do come but he denies them. “We have to get home, back to the apartment. I have to make plans. Nat should be able to delay them, but for how long?”
“Now, before they send up more!” Clint yelled and went into the elevator, kicking out the remains of the dead agents. His face was stone cold, not reacting to the death of his colleagues around him. Somehow Tony got into the elevator and found Steve in the corner with Natasha hovering over him. Steve was half awake and ashen. His whole body shuddered, and he leaned heavily on Natasha, gagging and choking as she held him. Before Tony said anything, Clint pushed the elevator button and the car closed.
“Nope, there’s the other side right there.” Steve points to the far side of the slope. “Would it be better if we go down together?”
“I’m not sure you can do anything for him. He’s cognitively not following directions. If SHIELD was still around, we would be calling their doctors in. As it is, we’re considering whether or not we should-.”
Tony smirked. “Could you imagine if we were con artists, what we could get away with? Ocean’s 11 move aside.”
Tony suspected that the vampire confessed how his moment of turning had happened with those simple words of warning.  He heeded the warning and took Rhodey’s advice as well. They ended up at a bar, Tony drinking to his underage heart’s content. Rhodey had confessed watching Tony drink that night had been one of the good things, though he didn’t agree with it. At least, under Rhodey’s watchful eyes, Tony would wake up the next day – still alive but maybe not as well. He’d stayed away from Blood Dens then, until they became something of a necessity of his life.
Early on Steve noticed that Tony has a habit of not wearing socks. His toes are slender and his foot highly arched. He’s graceful as he moves like a dancer and Steve wonders if being Iron Man taught him how to become grace in motion.  Next comes his shirt. He doesn’t hesitate, not like when they first started the week. The augmentation scarring his chest glints in the light and, as he throws the tunic to the side and stands vulnerable and naked in front of him, Steve reaches out and lightly touches the glowing implant. Tony shivers at the first touch but then sighs as if just a light brush of fingers brings resolution to his fears.
Steve lags behind as he studies the artistry of the ballroom itself. The idea of a ballroom on the third floor of a mansion seems ridiculous to Steve at first, but now he understands why. The center of the ceiling is an arched crystal dome, glittering with the night light of the city around it. From the massive dome hangs an ornately carved chandelier, the glass pieces and beads mimicking a shower of rain. It shines in the ballroom with an ethereal light. Along the walls of the ballroom, all of them adorn with a series of French doors out to the balcony, golden holographic images of lights flicker. That’s when Steve realizes the chandelier isn’t just cut glass, it’s also part of the holographic effects. The rain drops glimmering down in a shower are nothing more than light effects. It’s beautiful and reflective against the gold embellishments set along the frames of the doors and the chairs at the tables. Columns of gold and white mark the edges of the room and the gold and red carpet should look ostentatious and gauche, but it’s muted enough that it’s elegant.
“Both. I want you to walk around in the grass and I want you to make fists with your toes. It will relax the tension you’re holding.” Steve gets to his feet and offers Tony a hand. Tony refuses to move, Steve sighs and rolls his eyes. “Come on now.”
“I just-.” His voice returns but something hard and tight squeezes his chest. “I just don’t know what happened. How did we get out? What -.” His mouth tastes like sand. He’s so cold. “Did we destroy the Hub – did the worm do it’s job?”
“That seems a little impossible,” Richards says. “But I’m sure you have it under control. So if you’ll let me go, gentlemen.”
“Yeah, your wing man-.” Steve stopped and shook his head. “No. There’s no way he could have been a vampire.”
“Yes and no,” Fury said. He focused on Steve. “Look, there’s no easy way to say this, but it’s Barnes. He fell off the radar for a long time, but now he’s in Sokovia. We don’t know if he’s cleaning house of Hydra or if he’s -.”
He giggles. “Of course, and thanks for asking. Most people think because of my status they can touch me any time they want.”
Casting his glance to the side, Steve forces the pain of loss and fear to be stifled and quiet in the chasm of his shame. What happened, how it happened would stick with him all the days of his life – however long that might be.
Of course, Captain America, the man about whom his father could not shut up for years and years, would disappoint Tony. Of course, he wouldn’t pick Tony, because the saintly Steve Rogers was too good for Tony, far above him in every way. He probably never even fucked anyone because who would be good enough for Steve Rogers anyhow? No one. Tony knew everything about Steve Rogers, from his shoe size to his birthday (okay everyone knew that) to his favorite color. He’d watched all of the movies – the ones that Steve Rogers made as Captain America and the ones made about Steve Rogers’ life and deeds. Tony read every comic book and even all of the historical biographies.
He wants to un-see what he’s witnesses, but he steels himself and watches as he tries to find an opening to stop the assault. Before him, Steve bends over an old rusted desk.  At first that’s all Tony sees, or allows himself to see. He focuses on Steve’s half closed eyes, that are not half closed because he’s in the throes of sexual pleasure but due to the swelling. Someone hit him hard enough to cause serious injury. They worked him over before they decided to fuck him.
He sees it again, something special and different about Steve. The aura is back if he looks at Steve from an angle, like when his head is bowed. He can see it, the faint glow of some distant other place, other being. He cannot place what it means, but he knows it's imperative that he explain to Steve. "So, you have to know, you have to remember that the Shield legion, is that your troop? They fell. Someone took them down. I don't know who."
Tony gestures into the air. “Sure, knock yourself out. Unless you’re planning on kissing me which you haven’t even bought me dinner yet – so that would be a no.”
Soon though, he happens upon the prince’s quarters and JARVIS permits him access almost immediately upon identification. Steve exhales as he enters and frowns.
He fell into it, letting himself pound into his fist after a moment. His mind let him. His mind released him told him it was okay; it was all right to fantasize. His mind conjured the right images. Of the man, the man of his dreams holding him, touching him, kissing him. It was okay because he was bisexual after all. Even if he was in love with a woman, he still had his own urges. Everyone had urges.
Tony allowed the moment to sweep him away and he talked about their life together. How they could live in luxury, how Steve would want for nothing, how they could be like this – hot, sweaty, and near the edge of paradise every day.
The station is quiet, though there really isn’t a sleep cycle or a night. There are times that life ebbs and flows. Humans cannot get over the idea of day and night and the cycle of daily life. He heads to the lifts and checks over his pad. He’ll have to break the news to Bucky; he won’t like it but there’s not much Steve can do about it.
He doesn’t wait for a response. Methodically and gently, Steve moves Tony to the main stream in the shower. He soaps him, shampoos him, and massages him. All the while Tony gazes at him with a sated, almost glossy eyes look. He smiles at Steve and tenderly kisses him when Steve gets close enough and then Tony takes over and washes Steve. It’s like a baptismal rite of passage. Deep down, Steve knows he passed the point of no return. He’s broken the rules and never once felt guilty about it, he still doesn’t feel guilty about allow Tony to bare back. Even the thought about it gives his cock a twitch interest. When Tony notices he kisses Steve and then massages him.
While Steve’s joking, the thought of him being tortured by the foulest of villains in history bothers Tony too much to take the bait. There’s only so much that he can handle, considering the secret he’s harboring as he gazes at Steve. He looks away and then dusts his hands of crumbs. He hasn’t finished yet, but right now, he needs to escape.
Together they learn one another again. Every time he learns something new about his husband. This man he once only pretended to be wed to. Today he learns that Steve’s especially sensitive at his inner wrists. Tony kisses and licks and touches and feels. They become a thing together, drawn together, always meant to be.
He leads the entire party through the bay, several of his hand-picked Honor Guard fall into step behind them. They are armed to the teeth and he acknowledges them with a quick and short salute.
“Yeah, I think I do.” His voice tremored as he spoke. Steve looked at Tony and, unspoken, Tony understood the request. He grabbed Bruce’s arm and ushered him out of the hospital room.
“Also, I think Captain Marvel will be there. She’s representing displaced persons of the war. T’Challa, most certainly.” Tony nuzzles into Steve’s shoulder. “My father made a mess of things.”
“Quick and dirty, I like it.” Natasha turned to Sam. “In or out. We have a lot to accomplish and not a lot of time.”
“What? I read,” Clint scoffs. He peers out to the main deck and then moves back to face Steve. “But I get you, he’s acting cagey?”
Pinching the bridge of his nose, Tony closes his eyes and the remnants of the news stories run through his head on speed. “What?” He drops his head and glares at Bruce. “You haven’t heard? It’s some kind of superbug from the Ice Age that Steve was contaminated with when he went under. It’s going to kill us all.”
The next moments mash together in a kaleidoscope of sight and sound and sensations. The screech of metal as it bends and crunches with the impact.  Tony fights with the wheel, trying to push it to get the tires that are still on the ground to obey him, but fails as the SUV crashes into the side of the building. The boomerang effect jostles them in the cab and pitches them forward and to the side as the Tony loses control.
Tony looked back at the farmhouse where Thor had escaped to and said, “Sokovia, the twins, their parents – they were killed by my bombs. Stark Industries bombs.”
He licks his lips and wishes his eyes would focus, that his brain would clear of the clouds. But he’s floating in gray skies that are threatening to flash with storms. “Wo-work?”
If the ring is unlocked, Steve does not know – all he knows is that he yanks up on the chain around his neck as the man strokes him to fruition. The lights in the room black out and a guttural yell escapes Steve as he follows the alpha’s command. After days of hovering on the edge, waiting and hoping, he comes in a wave that shuts off every other sensation and he howls. The pain is so great, and the pleasure slams into him. He’s not sure what happens next as the world funnels down and blinks out of existence. The next thing he knows is that he’s no longer attached to the rack above the bed, he’s lying panting on the bed with his hands curled up under his chin. He’s crying, fully and completely. Alpha sits next to him, slowly petting his hair and hushing him with quiet tones.
Leaning against the doorjamb, Tony grins. “Well, you’re going to feel a whole lot sillier.” He flips a switch on the wall and the jets in the bath come alive. Steve yelps in surprise. Mountains of bubbles grow up around him until only his head is visible. Tony chuckles and turns off the jets.
His response to his own thoughts, he tugs his hand away as they approach the house and hides it by saying, “I think I’ll sleep for a time.”
“It looks like the one in the episode The City on the Edge of Tomorrow on the original Star Trek series.”
“Maybe,” Clint said. He had moved away from Tony, but still stood where Tony could see his tortured expression in profile. “I wanted to see if there was a way to bring her around. To see if we could have vampires and humans living together peacefully. Not with conclaves and separate and unequal. But really try. I saw the wars as a kid. Learned about them. But I wanted to make a difference. The conclave set up wasn’t working. I thought this might make a difference.”
According to Doctor Erskine the serum simply amplifies the character of the person. It’s not about getting the serum to stop Ultron – it’s about Steve stopping Ultron. The serum has nothing to do with it at all.
Experiencing Steve’s fingers stroking through his hair, over his head, down around his shoulders and neck and then up to his eyes and temples calms Tony. He drifts into the memories that his mind has created for him – memories that don’t exist, but he’s constructed over the years of sightlessness. A cabin on a still lake. It’s the autumn of the year and the leaves are fiery in color, yet the birds and the insects are quiet. He watches a single leaf fall from the tree and then touch the glassine surface of the lake like a kiss. It’s all perfect as long as he never opens his eyes.
When Tony looked up to the hole in the sky he realized it wasn’t an invasion after all. The hole there- the pitch black with no stars – it represented Tony. Dug out. His chest felt dug out, clawed away. Nothing left.
“It could be read that way, but I read it that he gets to decide what his life is. As long as it’s him making the decision for him and not for you- and that you aren’t making the decision for him, I think you’re in the clear.”
Bruce sighed and put the mug of tea down. “Come on, Clint never says a word about his life. Don’t you start now.”
“Captain, it’s nice of you to come by. I thought we’d requested you as my bodyguard and that meant you had to stick around. I didn’t think things would be so lax around here.” He runs the towel through his hair and smiles, devilish and inviting to Steve. It reminds him of their time, of his Courtesan lure dragging Steve in to his nest.
“She is also the leader of all of our kind,” Thor added. His hair had been shorn and he wore a t-shirt and cotton pants. He looked comfortable and at ease – more so than Steve had ever seen him. “It is good to be in a place that welcomes us. It is also good to see you well again.”
Before he can muster a response, Obie’s back and tugging Tony away to another group within the Conclave. Steve glances at the good doctor and clears his throat. “I’m glad to meet you, sir.”
Tony wails and pounds forward into Steve. His hands steady on his shoulders, not letting him move. Deep in his groin, Steve feels the pending curl of orgasm forming like a storm inside of him.
They approach the security screen and identification console. Pep leans into the retinal scan and facial print scan. It is embedded in the wall next to the second set of doors they need to go through in order to start their acquisition. The small interface beeps and then verifies her identification. “Your turn.”
Tony staggered and flailed, trying to get them away. It meant nothing. Another fist hit him on his back, close to the center of his chest. It would have killed him if it struck true. He gagged on the blood in his throat and it drooled out of his mouth. Blood tears gathered in his eyes. His only desire to stay alive for Steve withered as his strength poured out of him with the blood he’d drank from Steve. He swayed and faltered. They picked him up and dragged him by his arms. He choked up more blood as the wood poison worked its way through his system. The taste of it warmed his mouth. As a vampire he didn’t need to breathe, but somehow it throttled his throat and cursed him.
Once satisfied, Steve directs his attention to pulling off his own clothes. By the time he’s focusing on himself, he’s cold and wretched and only wants to fall asleep in front of the fire, but he can’t. The wet clothes will be his undoing. Tugging off his boots, he strips down. Steve lays all of their clothes out near the fireplace to dry them and then scoops up Tony’s bedroll to lay on the floor next to the cot.
As they wobble with Steve perched on the edge of the chair, Tony breaks the kiss and flickers his gaze back and forth from Steve’s mouth to his eyes and back again until finally he pulls them apart. “Captain, I want this to be something special for you. Not just a roll in the hay.”
“If you will wait, I’ll tell Master Stark that you are here to engage him in him in a business proposition.”
Ultron trapped them here for a reason. The AI is planning something. Steve plays with the dead switches on the control panel and dashboard. Most don’t respond. There’s no heat, little light, and nothing hopeful about the wreck. At least the water only seeps into the back of the jet.
“Get a room,” Natasha said. “And I’m not joking. Upstairs, boys. Now, before he keels over.” Natasha sipped the cold pig’s blood and grimaced at the taste. She set it aside. “Foul.” As Tony and Steve watched her, she shooed them upstairs. “Go, go. Before we have to let him take a good quarter of your blood.”
Tony doesn’t wait for Steve to answer, instead he instructs the landing control that he’ll take a tier on the other side of the bowl. Before there’s an answer, Tony sinks the ship downward and they plunge further away from the station until he brings the nose of the shuttle back up toward Prime so that Steve views the bowl entirely from the underside.
"Yes, Captain, you can leave," Coulson says and with that announcement a woman with dark hair tied in a neat bun, a dark suit, and startling blue eyes walks in. She's carrying a shopping bag. She hands it to Coulson. "We took the liberty of getting you some clothes."
Steve heals, though more slowly than he normally would. No one really explains why the serum seems to be sluggish, but Steve suspects it might have something to do with the regeneration of his gland. It isn’t the first time Steve suffered a gland injury. When he had been abducted in his search for Tony’s would-be assassin, Steve ended up with his gland removed only to regrow because the stem of the gland had been left. The mad scientists were harvesting his gland in order to use it and the serum as a weapon. This time, when Steve voluntarily removed his own gland, he’d taken the stem out. Thoughts about slicing his own gland out roil his stomach and he swallows down the bile. He doesn’t like to think about it. It terrorizes him. He’d done it for a purpose though, one he still believes in. He’d do it again, if it meant he would be free. If it meant Tony would be free.
“I also escaped that day, if you recall. Obie was not happy. I’m not supposed to put myself in danger like that,” Tony replies. “But mostly everything else has been prepped for my – and other leaders – presence so that we’re kept safe and sound.”
“All of this is happening in a computer matrix. We’re completely sedated on the other side.” Tony grips him under the arm and hoists him to his feet. It causes a looping motion to the verdant green fields around him but generally he can settle the horizon stills himself. “The entrance is pretty much what Cho and I constructed so I think we’ve been successful.”
“It works, but it needs a lot more refinement,” Tony said as he studied his creation. “Like this with Clint. I keep getting this fuzzy cloud around him. And Natasha seems to have an outlying connection to something – I’m not sure what.” It occurred to him then that it was probably the other soul bond she talked about to him. Whatever happened to that bond and why it was in the state it was now, remained a mystery.
He wants to protest but the energy just isn’t in him. All this time he only filled the script on the rescue inhaler because he couldn’t afford the monthly cost for his daily one. It never occurred to him that he could finally purchase his medicine with his new salary. His voice is rough when he speaks, “’m okay now.”
In response, Stane bellows, “We don’t have time for your dramatics, Tony. This is far more important than your damned sense of honor or whatever the hell you want to call it! We are on the brink of annihilation.”
Tony regarded him then, his demeanor shifting from confrontational to more studied and considerate. “Well, let’s say we soul bond. What then?”
“Come to the future. See the non-existent flying cars, the pocket phones, and discover you’re a latent homosexual.”
“I must admit, I did not treat him kindly at first. I was short with him. I may have threatened him a time or two.” This surprises Tony and he smiles at the ridiculousness of his old butler intimidating a big American hero soldier type. Jarvis’ voice softens, “But then I saw how dedicated he was. How he tried to understand your situation, how he listened to you and learned. He spent hours watching information on the internet about visually impaired people and how to assist them. He spent hours when you were either in your workshop or sleeping studying so he could help you with your work.”
“One day off every seven, but I’ll come back by 7 in the evening unless I clear it with you first.” Steve is practically off the chair, but he stays seated, below Tony.
Steven smirks but he does take the bottle. “I don’t think it works like that. Remember I have enhancements - like any omega.” He adds the last part as if he’s covering something else, something different.
“Hmm,” Steven replies and then turns to Tony. “Do you want me to be serviceable or can I keep my clothes on when you are not in need?” His words feel like ice.
He curls on the bed as much as he can because probing at the edge of the Boundaries leaves him frigid and iced. His finger tips and toes are blue and he shudders as he calls again, “Natasha? Are you there? Are you okay? Are you even alive?”
“We’re bonded, it’s rare.” Steve says in a low voice. He’s drunk with the pulsation of the bond, the touch of Tony, the warmth of pleasure washing through him. He should deny it, not allow it to grow, let it wither and die. Yet, the torment of his months in captivity, the pain and torture, through it, he hungered for more. He recognizes that part of him had called out through the bond, asked Tony for help. He’d connected, and now he does not want it to end.
Steve smiles at Tony and offers a hand. He’s propped the bottle up against his chest to hold it for Sarah. Tony enters the room and clasps Steve’s hand. “What’s the moral of the story, Tony?”
Rumlow yanks on the wire and Steve gags, choking and blood spurts out of his mouth. Tony prepares to launch himself into the room, searching for a way in that will allow him to burst in behind Steve’s assailant.
It felt right them to lift Tony’s chin, to kiss him in this sacred space. Nothing felt wrong here. The dream landscape became a beacon, a homecoming all at once. Steve forgot to think, to question himself. He forgot to restrict himself from the need. He’d learned as a child to be hungry. During the Great Depression, hunger became not part of the vernacular but part of the bones of his body. Questioning hunger would be the same as questioning why he had legs to walk on or eyes to see. Hunger had been a part of his everyday life as a young teenager and as he grew older.
Night falls over the town in waves of twilight; it's like that out west, different than the east. In the east, night descends but never takes hold. There are lights everywhere from the congestion of people and building. Cities are a never-ending glut of noise and light and smells and people. He could never find his breath as a youngster, and now as a man it constricts him. The west welcomes with its wide open spaces, its unfettered land, and the stars. The stars are something the east with its coal factories and industries blooming everywhere no longer has.
“Okay?” Steve snaps it on and then Tony reaches over and pushes the small disc that looks like a replicate of Steve’s shield. A holographic image of the shield appears.
Tony rubs his face and tries to stem the tide of his nausea. “I don’t know. I think. I think the implant, the interface might be affecting it.”
Something occurs to him as he forces himself to settle and get used to the motion of the ship. “I thought you said that this was Coulson- is that his name – design. But it seems a lot like yours?”
“My point is-. It’s – it’s family isn’t it. We’re all here for one reason. We want to take care of our family. Maybe we were poor as kids and scraped our way up, or maybe you’re someone like me born with the shiny silver – hell not even silver – vibranium spoon in my mouth. But I get it. I get how important it is to reach out, to care, to send a message.
“Parameters show Cint’s cagey about details. He disappears, he doesn’t always answer direct questions. So the equations can’t be fully resolved. More so than even Nat. She seems to know something about it and I can’t figure it out.”
“Yes. I don’t get a cut of whatever he plans to pay you extra if he does. I don’t even get to double book you if he decides not to pay you extra,” Natasha says. “That Duchess of his is a mean negotiator, I can tell you that much.”
The dumping of wood onto the fireplace bricks interrupts him. “You’re thinking too much. I’m not going to try and flank you, Tony.” Steve tugs off his gloves. He doesn’t have his boots on but he’s wearing his coat and gloves. Tony wonders if he went outside without shoes of any kind. “I have to answer emails, do some small administration stuff.”
His descent into hell – not in Afghanistan, but the minutes when Bucky tried to kill him and it all fell apart.
That’s it. He’s completely blown it. “What the hell?” Pepper glowers at him and then turns to Rhodes. “Perhaps you can get rid of him. I’m not going to talk to someone who says ‘my heart is in the right place’ and I treat Tony like a child. Get him out of here.” She marches off, her heels clicking on the hard wood floors.
The time in the cage stiffened Steve’s muscles and when Tony finally allowed him to crawl out of the cage, his bones felt all of his ninety plus years but his cock remained erect and dripping between his legs. Tony had been pleased.
When Happy leaves, only half satisfied with Tony’s explanation and mumbling about Pepper and how angry she’ll be with him, Tony climbs the stairs to his bedroom. He ignores everything and heads directly to the closet. He knows where it is. A box stuffed in the back of his closet on a shelf he can barely reach. He gets on his tiptoes and hits at it a few times trying to tip it to fall down on him. It does after a few tries. The cardboard box tumbles down off the shelf and little Blu, his stuffed lion plops down on the carpeted floor in front of him. Tony sits down in the closet and picks up the toy. Its neck has none of the stuffing anymore so its head leans to the side. The blue eyes are scratched, and the tail is non-existent. He holds onto it.
“Don’t be embarrassed. You’re a good man, Sam. You’re protecting us. I’d do anything to be part of the war effort. As it is, if this is what I can do for you, to support you, then this is it. It’s an honor to be of service to you.” Steve means it and Sam kisses him deeply and thoroughly.
During his short research into the prince, Steve noted that Tony had been known as a partier and a drunk in his formative, teenaged years. He’d even been ostracized by his father at one point, speculation ran wild that the teen would be disowned and that the crown would pass to a designated heir outside of the family. Rumor had it that Obadiah Stane turned that around and convinced the elder Stark to keep the crown in the family. Steve supposes that Obie is the one and only Obadiah and it is one of the reasons that the prince feels obliged to the older man.
“Of course, there are, but no one that fits what he likes. You’re it.” Natasha slides a hand over her interactive desk and a holograph of the Prince appears. He’s undeniably handsome with wild dark curls and knowing eyes. He’s fought in the war alongside his troops and is known as Iron Man because of the augmented armor technology he carries inside of him. Strength and power radiate off him as if he was a super nova. “He likes men the most though he’ll do a variety of genders. He requested a cis man for this trip. Scott’s way too ridiculous for the prince though he might appreciate the pranks and besides, Scott’s a vagina kind of guy anyhow. Marc, well he’s too big for the Prince’s taste. He likes slim men that aren’t afraid to voice their opinions.”
“You really think he’s not going to die?” Tony failed to speak over a whisper, the words held power and a part of Tony – a tiny part – feared voicing them would make it true.
“There’s more than one, Steve.” He hangs out of the bathroom door. “Last chance. I give a mean blow job on the shower.”
The same thoughts rolled around in his head all the way through the drive. He felt like a pot of water endlessly boiling but with no way to release the pent-up steam. By the time he drove up the gravel pathway to the safe house, the warning about the traps had all but disappeared from his mind. It ended up being a good thing that he wore the helmet considering a projectile smashed into his temple and nearly knocked him off his feet. The bike slipped out from under him and skidded off into the woods, tangling its tires in the underbrush. He swore and stood up only to have a laser cross grid light up around him.
Tony shrugged. “I’m kind of stuck with you, considering you are my soul bonded Beloved or whatever. Am I Beloved for the whole company? I mean does the whole pack think of me that way?”
“Why is this not a surprise to anyone?” Steve blurted out. Being subtle was never one of his fortes. Case in point – how many times did he get beaten up because he couldn’t keep his mouth shut?
Tony reaches out. His eyes – covered with contacts so to give the illusion of sight – aren’t what transfixes Steve. It’s Tony’s hand, cupping his jaw and cheek. “Steve.”
“Can I ask why?” Tony says. “Isn’t Loki or whatever his name is, a grown man? Is he a boy of seven or eight?”
“Gah!” Tony cries out and tries to roll over. Steve grabs his arm and helps him. He vomits into the snow. It’s not blood, just bile. Tony pants and groans as he heaves again. Steve keeps a hand on his neck to steady him.
“I used to read poetry when I was sick,” Steve says. “Outside of doing art that is. My ma bought me a book. An honest to God book.” Tony focuses on Steve. “I don’t have a clue where she came up with the money to afford it or where she ever found it. But it was my only book, and it was a book of Sonnets.”
“I know that,” Sam says with a shrug. “Look at me, a former slave. You think I’m ashamed to say I fought for my freedom?”
Steve looked down at his chest and his shoulders slumped inward, his back curled forward as if to hide the markings. “No.”
“You gotta know, Cap,” Rumlow said and struck with speed, hitting and shocking Steve in the side. “It’s not personal!”
Before Tony had a chance to answer, Coulson spun on his heel and left. No more words, no more demands. He just left. Tony stood there, staring at the drive and feeling the cold of the truth eat him. He let himself stand there – frozen and paralyzed – without a thought in his head at all. He just focused on the drive.
“Yeah, you were clawing at the backpacks looking for it,” Tony says as he walks back to Steve’s side. His eyes are hollow, lost, almost desperate in their expression. “She’s still your girl, huh?”
“It’s the team. It’s Iron Man.” Her whole body slumped in defeat. She had to admit their nakedness, she had to admit their vulnerabilities. “You still talk about it in your sleep, you know. You still do it. JARVIS sometimes even answers you.”
“JARVIS called me, said you were having a crisis,” Bruce said. “You looked like you were sleeping. Is that a crisis? It might be considering how you don’t sleep, so you’re having a crisis. Are you?”
Steve flushes. He feels the slightest pressure of the nanites in his ass and his eyes flutter closed if only for a second. He flashes them open and swallows hard as he tries to control what is body wants and what his mind needs.  He grimaces and says, “I’m not sure this isn’t about you getting what you want.” It’s a taunt and Steve knows it, he waits as Tony’s eyes dilate. It’s nice to know that the prince enjoys someone who won’t always kowtow to him.
“Shit. Steve, no. Don’t do that to yourself.” Tony thinks. “Well how about Star Wars. A New Hope. That’s fun.”
Natasha finishes up and then stands. She adjusts her skirts and pats Steve on his uninjured shoulder. “Stay in bed. I’ll be back to check on you later.”
He couldn’t leave. He would be repeating what he’d done to Pepper over and over again. He left her mentally, emotionally, before she finally left him physically. He knew nothing of what this link, this bond to Steve, meant. He wondered at the beauty of the frequencies, the perfection of what a soul bond actually was. He needed to take control of his fear.
They signed a contract, they became their go to – omega or alpha for heats/presentation cycles or an alpha’s urgency cycle. It worked out. They weren’t a couple, not really. They were just team mates helping one another. Becoming a couple, being bonded happened over the course of events in their lives. Tony’s mansion went into the ocean and Steve destroyed Hydra inside of SHIELD before they were bonded. He thought it would be happily ever after – but it wasn’t – because a nefarious force tried to assassinate Tony and Steve flew into the warrior’s rage. The Rage is well known – because an omega’s first duty is the protection of the alpha at all costs. Doggedly, Steve hunted down the small group of terrorists trying to destabilize the world – but he never thought they might come after him. They did – and they experimented. Experimented once they realized he was an omega.
The phantom doctor’s gentle eyes soften even more. “Mister Stark, you are not mad, but you may wish to be.”
“He’s getting better, I swear it. We’ve been working on it.” Tiberius says. “We’ve been friends for half a life time, you know. We went to university together. I have to admit, we were more than friends. At first, we were competitors. My father had a small corp at the time. Rivals would be a good way to put it.” He keeps his eyes on Tony the entire time he speaks.
Panting, Tony came awake in his bed in London, his sleeping pants wet and sticky. He trembled in the bed and wished to hell and back that he was at home with JARVIS to comfort him. He shivered and found his way out of the bed. Crossing the room to the bath, Tony dropped his sleeping pants and quaked. The world seemed inconsequential around him, as if it didn’t truly exist. The place – the dream space – seemed more real to him than anything.
Dear Mrs. Fury gave Tony a place and a name. It’s not much but it means the world. He can figure this out; she might as well have given him a social security number. It’s that easy for him now. He has more information than he could have ever hoped for with this little note inside a cookie bag. He snorts. “Cookies.”
Without breaking their locked gaze, Steve slips off his tunic and his pants throwing them to the side. The prince’s hands glide over as if gracing him with a blessing. Steve’s skin responds and he arches into the touch. It’s so very wonderful and telling. Straddling the prince, Steve reaches back and glides the plug out of his own ass and then angles his hips to tease his entrance against Tony’s cock and balls, provoking a garbled response.
“Yeah, yeah,” Bucky says and turns his face away, as if he’s ashamed of the emotions he feels. “I just want my friend to, you know, not be so god damned pitiful.” It sounds like an insult but it isn’t.
“God,” Tony says and hangs his head. Suddenly, everything feels heavy, his head, his eyes. He pushes the heels of his hands into his eyes. “I’m not sure what’s happening Bruce. But this thing, this seizure thing has changed something for me.”
“Now, he’s yours.” It hurts to give Blu up, but his soul – deep inside – echoes with the rightness of it.
“How about no. You’ve had too much caffeine. You might never sleep again.”  Steve ignores Tony’s grumbles and pours the water anyhow. He sets it down. “Water at 1 o’clock.”
Steve crosses the short distance between them and gathers Tony in his arms. “I’m so sorry. I wish there was something I could have done. If I’d gone back and looked for Bucky – If I had known, he survived the fall. I should have known. It’s my fault.”
Steve looks pale beneath the grime of battle. Blood is every where and Tony wonders how much is his and how much is Steve’s. Arms gather him close and Steve lifts him, still in the armor. He must pass out because the next time he wakes he’s in a hospital room with Steve lying in the bed next to him. The wreckage of the battle is gone. The bright lights, the sunlight streaming in through the windows surprises him. He never expected to wake at all.
“We’re different now,” Steve stated. “We’ve both been through so much, but this – this changed everything. We died and came back very different, very much separated from the lives we used to live.”
Frowning, he walks past the shuttered Parlor Inn. It’s early in the morning so he shouldn’t be surprised that the place is still closed down. But usually it’s brimming with people at this hour, the proprietor opens doors and serves a good breakfast of eggs and biscuits in the morning hours. The town is lucky, they have good supply of chickens because of Selvig’s fondest for fowl. He doesn’t ask. Besides,  he likes Darcy’s coffee.
“I know,” Sam said. “The Vamp war caused a lot of problems between the humans and vampires, but that was ages ago and, for a while, we all thought it was different. That things were changing for the better.”
“Well some of that stuff that’s in the display cases are actually medical equipment through the ages. Technically it is kind of a torture chamber,” Tony says.
“It’s okay,” Tony said as if he read a little too much through their bond. “You don’t have to try-.” He attempted to pull his hand away.
After a few seconds’ pause, he does. He walks to the door of the office, opens it and allows Tony to pass through first.  Pepper instantly stops him. “That’s wrong. You need to do this the right way. If someone is blocking the door, Tony will bump right into them.”
“Do you really not see what just happened, Steve? Are you so used to being treated poorly that you don’t know when someone abuses you?” Tony tilts his head and narrows his eyes.
“Just my luck,” Tony whispered and slugged back the drink. It burned more than it should. He poured another but this time didn’t worry about measuring.
“Oh and now I get the look,” Tony says and shakes his head. “When Natasha called me, I thought – great, I can get some semblance of a team together again. And then she told me what you did. What you did. For fuck’s sake, why did you do this?” He crumples the letter. “I don’t care what the letter says. I don’t give a fuck. Why?”
He jerked in response and nearly fell on the slippery tile. He acknowledged it. “Thanks JARVIS. Who is it?”
“Come on,” Tony said because, shit, he wasn’t having any of this – he just admitted he loved Steve – full out. Sure, they’d played around with the terms and ideas over the past six years – who wouldn’t in that time? But this felt different. This felt like commitment. His soul entangled with Steve’s. Sown together forever. “We can talk strategy later. We have time. We’re safe here.” He ushered Steve out of the study, only peering back once at the pile of notebooks on his desk. He had time. There would be tons of time. He practically dragged Steve back to the bedroom. Thanks to his supernatural strength, the super soldier couldn’t escape his prodding. He went more willingly as he staggered and stumbled into the bedroom. Tony called for JARVIS to alert Natasha.
“You have done it, haven’t you?” Wanda says and throws up her arms in despair. She curses in a language Steve doesn’t understand then adds, “You’ve come here to tell us you quit because you have lured the prince to marry you.”
Tony swings his highly expensive leather shoes down from his pristine (no papers, no computers, nothing on top) glass desk. He pushes the leather chair to the side and pops the lollipop out of his mouth. He uses it to point at the man. Some say that sucking on a lollipop helps replace the need for a drink in his hand. He begs to differ. “Come to an interview at a very high-profile business dressed like you just got out of the movies. Were you on a date?”
Sawyer had a baby face that belied his age. The wrinkles around his eyes and the liver spots on his hands told the real story. “Does that mean you’ll be closing us down?”
He blinks several times and his analytical brain clicks into high gear. “So, all of his uteri sacs?” Still not making sense, his mind jitters along a path. Steve had told him the bonding gland had developed after Rebirth – a quirk of the serum, nothing more. They’d adored it because it always enhanced their love making.
He watched her as she left, the sway of her hips, the curvature of her waist. He liked the way she looked, he enjoyed the way his neighbor looked as well. Closing the door, Steve went to the mess in the living room and gathered it up. Maybe Natasha was right. It had been years, decades since he’d really thought about it. He kept it at bay since he woke up. He didn’t go out seeking someone to date. Sure, a few dates here and there with some of the ladies at the office, but there really wasn’t anything to talk about and he was sure once he dropped them home they talked to all of their friends on social media to say how awkward and dopey Captain America was as a date. He stayed off of social media. Going onto it early on during his re-entry into the world made him feel like he was one of those rockets they shot off to the moon and he burned up in the atmosphere
“That shouldn’t happen, that can’t happen.” Tony rushes toward it, but then a swooping caw fills the air.
Wanda considers him, her arms wrapped tightly around his arm. She leans close and only says, “Be careful, Steve.” Then she releases him and walks back to Vision.
“Anything else?” Penny asks. “You might want him a little compliant, boss. I’m getting that he’s giving the guards quite a time of it.”
“Does that mean if one person dies the others will as well?” Tony asked because hell he didn’t want that.
Steve tells JARVIS he’s ready and that he’s headed to Tony’s quarters. Before he leaves, he stows some supplies in his pockets, just in case the nanites don’t last. He also places a few of his med-patches in one of the pockets as well. If he’s staying over Tony’s quarters, it’s better to have access to them. He stops and thinks about the star broach he purchased for Tony. He shakes his head. It’s not time for that – maybe it never will be time for that.
“A regular guy?” Tony scoffed. When wasn’t this guy the very definition of a regular guy? “Okay, let’s go with that.” He knew what Coulson was there for, watching Tony, waiting for him to break down and help Fury. Some part of Tony didn’t want to help him, but he did want to see Steve again. He couldn’t deny that. Yet, he had to acknowledge that the months without Steve, the separation had moved toward an acceptance and almost a new reality – that the whole sorted affair had been some kind of fevered dream from when he had been captured in Afghanistan. He wasn’t stupid, he knew it wasn’t – but maybe a small part of him wished it was so that he could ignore the idea that Steve had left him.
Tony shook his head. “Howard isn’t you. What he did- he did himself. Had nothing to do with you at all. I see that.” He searched Steve’s face. “I want this to work out.”
“See Pepper, this is a mystery that we must solve,” Tony says and glares at her. She presses her lips together as if she’s going to hold her line, but then crumples when he gives her that puppy look.
Bruce only nodded and turned back to the patient. Tony squeezed Steve’s shoulder. “How about you, Cap? You okay?”
“I’m glad you stopped me,” Steve said, and he raised his eyes to look at Tony, but then dropped them to stare at his hands again. “Not that I don’t want to. It’s just that I have to take steps. You know?  It was great kissing you. Made me feel like it’s the right thing for me. But I need to take those steps. Okay?” He hissed. “I don’t want to lose you or this that we’re building because of my stupid prejudices.”
The agent shuts the door and Steve looks back at the bag. He's stepping out, going to the real world again. A world he cannot fathom or recognize. What could a government agency possibly want with him? He might not know who he is, not with memories or images from his past, but he knows to his bones, who he is as a person and no hospital or doctors are going to suppress that again. He takes off the robe, toes off the slippers and grabs the bag. He goes to the little bathroom and quickly and efficiently showers. He dries off, shaves with the tiny plastic shaver that doesn't do a good job, and finally dresses. He feels more human than he has in months. A shiver of cold runs through him when he crosses to the door to his hospital room. This is the end of this phase, he's leaving now. He glances at the blackened screen of the television and then rights his shoulders. He's ready to go. He grasps the knob and swings open the door.
“Of course, I do! Like ninety percent of the world’s population wants to tap that,” Tony says and picks up a screwdriver just to have something in his hands. He plays a tune on the lab bench. “But, Steve, see? He’s not ready. It’s a big step. You know, going full out gay.”
Steve clasped his hand and stilled it. “That would just get us into more trouble and I have a meeting at 9 am. I don’t have time for the trouble you bring.”
Without much thought, Steven only shakes his head. “I would like to say yes.”  He leaves it at that, not explaining much else.
Tony takes it as a request and, since they are officially in a relationship (after all that was one good kiss), he wants to prove his worth. “What do you want?”
“Not without dropping me,” Bucky yells and, grappling, falling, he manages to climb to his feet. He struggles against the momentum and forces pulling on him. Getting to the cockpit he clings to the bulkhead. “You gotta drop me. Steve doesn’t have long. You heard Nat. What he’s doing to Steve.”
Steve gives him a toothy grin. “No. We didn’t know that about Schmidt just yet, though maybe Erskine did.” He lifts a shoulder. “I don’t know. I was worried about other things.”
The lion licks his lips and yawns – bored looking at Tony. The blue eyes strike Tony. He recalls the nights cuddling Blu next to his chest and gazing down at the little stuffed animal, its blue eyes shining in the dark. In some ways he misses that blue light. His mind manifested his toy into a terrifyingly realistic illusion. The lion yawns again and then slowly settles down onto the cool stone floor of the cave. It looks at him and reminds Tony of the Golden Retriever dog that his father let him have for a very short period of time when he was a pre-teen.  Howard said that every boy needs a dog, teaches him how to be a man.
That inferred accusation flashes across Steve’s face like a lightning cracking an overcast sky open. A grimace of anger, fear, and genuine sorrow mix on his features until he’s finally able to put the Captain America veneer back in place. “Logan didn’t do anything. I did it all. Me.” Steve leans to get his wallet out of his back pocket. “Listen, I’ll be out of the Tower by tonight. All I have is the duffle bag anyway. I never really bought anything.” He curses under his breath and for a long god damned minute Tony can’t react. He’s gobsmacked over the course of events.
Blu gets to his feet and inspects the carcass. He sniffs and then licks his lips, sparing a look at Tony.
“He’s waiting.” Steve says and feels the shock of pain in his gut. “He’s waiting for me to fall. He wants to meet you alone, Tony. He doesn’t want me to be there.” Truth be told, Steve’s not sure he’ll be able to make it. The darkened corridor descends farther into blackness and his vision pixelates like it did when he first entered the virtual world. “He’s changed the rules.” He peels back the jacket of the uniform. The nearly healed wound is open, bloody, and oozing pus. “He tried to get me out of the picture before. He wants you alone.”
He’s driven by a hunger so deep and welling in his gut that he can barely stand from the ache. He’s driven by the urgency of helplessness that he once felt in a dark cave, far from the shores of the Pacific. He’s driven by a whisper of hope, so quiet and lost within him that he’s not even sure if he hears it. Maybe the stress of his isolation, self-imposed in every aspect, has eaten his brain. He doesn’t know.
“They can’t do anything of the sort. I’m a private citizen. I used my own resources to save- to get back to civilization. It’s the stupid doctor you ordered to tag along that got us in this mess.” Tony gets onto the lift with Happy and Rhodey in tow. “Steve is a private citizen as well. He shouldn’t be tortured by your doctors.”
Steve allowed the fire to stretch out along the scars. He found himself tear away his shirt and then pulling the zipper open on Tony’s undersuit. He pushed it aside and then brought Tony close, until they were skin to skin – matching soul marks touching, melding together. Much like he had when Tony had suffered the minor burn injury during their training, Steve used the touch of their skin to merge their souls. Yet this time it deepened, widened, until Steve couldn’t tell the edge of his soul from Tony’s. In a swirl of colors and sounds, their astral energies fluctuated and fused. The complexity, the expansion of their souls seemed to encompass whole universes. It astonished Steve and he gasped out as Tony clung to him.
Tony hesitates, but Steve leaves him behind to stalk down the hillside to the Hulk. It’s not suicide, but it’s damned near close. Hulk turning Steve into a pretzel becomes a distinct possibility. It’ll hurt, but probably won’t be permanent – or at least they think nothing in here can really hurt them. Why does it hurt at all? Why are there injuries at all. It’s a mystery he doesn’t have time to solve.  He hears Tony cursing at him from behind, but troops down the path like a good soldier. At the very least, he can be a good soldier for Tony. If he can be nothing more to Tony than a pawn in a game, that will be enough.
Most of the clothes are just normal everyday clothes but some of them make Steve blush. He doesn’t have time to think about it because Natasha beckons him to strip and get in the tub. The water steams the room.
Yinsen is a good companion. He knows when to talk and when to keep silent. He’s also brilliant but unassuming, very unlike Tony. As they eat, Tony lifts his chin to their roommate. “What’s up with old Blu?”
Over the course of the afternoon, Tony scanned through the data and found nothing of any value. What he did find interesting was the hacked surveillance video he had of said girl and her brother. “J man, put all the images through face recognition. I want to know who they are and what they are doing. How’d they get those powers? That kind of stuff.”
“What does the therapist say?” Steve brushes back Tony’s hair as it curls in the humidity of the warm bath.
He clears his throat and plays for casual. “Don’t worry about it. Steve has responsibilities and, as his husband, I respect that.”
“No, together.” He cannot leave Steve, he’s already caused so much death, so much misery. He cannot leave Steve. “No, together, together.”
“It’s only me, Strange, and your medics. That’s all. Plus, your staff,” Wong agrees. His feet whisper across the floor as he leaves.
“I don’t like to mince words, sir. I don’t see that humans consenting to mate with a vampire and serve as that vampire’s caretaker as a problem.” Steve stood to his full height as Pierce followed suit.
“Everyone has consequence, my lad. But if you find it ill to share your name, then let me share my own. I am Odin.”
Steve nodded. He stretched out his bared arm again, waiting. The thought of being forever linked to Stark was not high on his list of things to do in the new millennium, but the fact was that he didn’t want to be linked to Hulk or anyone for that matter. So he might as well get this over with and find out if Stark was designated his pain in the ass or whatnot.
Steve raised a brow at him, moved off the bed, and given him that quirky smile. "Sometimes it's not always about money, darling."
Steve gazes at the toy lion. Its scratched blue eyes, its wobbly neck, its matted mane, all signs of a well-loved toy. With his index finger he pets his head. “This is yours?”
“Ma liked the twilight. When the day was done, she told me that time was when all things were possible in the middle of night and day.” Steve had one arm resting on Tony’s back. The other he raised in the air and wove a tapestry – a story of his mother and his childhood. Tony imagined the words of Sarah Rogers telling her young, sick son about the magic of twilight. “She’d tell me there was nothing to be afraid of in the dark. The dark is just heaven close to Earth, she’d say.”
He loved all them. He adored Captain America. He wanted to know more, the real stories. When his father came again, weeks later (Howard had a tendency to forget that Tony existed) and delivered a book about the life of Steve Rogers, excitement shot through him and he grabbed his father around the waist and hugged. Howard peeled him off and told him not to be such a Nancy boy.
Hanging over him is a hologram of Bruce in his night shirt and sweats. “Hmm, there’s been another development.”
The shade of the tree is gone, Tony can feel the heat of the sun on his face. He squints his eyes and bows his head. “You don’t understand. Give my glasses back, now.”
“Is it?” He jerks himself out of his reverie and spins the ship pushing it downward toward the bottom of the station.
“I know. You’re home. Safe. Safe?” Steve looks at him with his head tilted and Tony cannot help but see Blu.
Steve figures as much. He only grunts in reply. He needs to get them the rest of the way. There’s no choice.
“I’m not a Captain anymore, ma’am. I laid down the shield and I am just -.” What was he? He wasn’t a kid anymore. He wasn’t a Captain. He wasn’t even truly from Brooklyn anymore. “I’m no one.”
He hauls Steve upward and the Jedi goes quiet either out of pure terror or because he knows he’s found safety’s arms. Bucky hopes it is the latter. Redwing appears and tweets. He flutters away as Bucky brings Steve back into his arms. His blaster is lost, somewhere in the muck. He has a pistol and a few grenades and stingers left but that’s it. They are defenseless.
“Sure thing,” Steve says and watches as Tony leaves the laboratory, using the knuckles of his hand across the walls to find his way. “Wonder if this means I’m losing my job.” He finds he doesn’t really care about the job but the fact he will be cut out of Tony’s circle completely. People like Tony don’t socialize with people like Steve. It’s not done. “Well, that five second dream was great while it lasted.” He shrugs and sets to get the rest of the staff up to date on the project.
“Okay. I’ll see you in about ten days. You’re coming home a little early right?” She all back to business now.
“Fine. We need to bring him in. You’re welcome to come along, but we will interrogate him, and he will be held until we’re finished.” He points to Natasha. “She’s not allowed.”
“Great Stephen, how’s the work with Wong?” It takes a moment before Steve realizes that Strange’s first name must be Stephen too. He suspects it’s with a ‘ph’ instead of a ‘v’.
“Wow, is it cold? Why is your voice all rough?” Sam stops and muffles the phone as he speaks. “Did you have an asthma attack?”
It stabs deep and true. Tony knows he has no one else to blame but himself. He hasn’t been consistent with Steven. At one moment he’s asking for fealty and friendship, at another moment he’s denying they can even be civil to one another and taking the omega to the rack to prove his dominance. The fact that Steven even considers him, offering him honesty rather than placation, should lend Tony some hope. Being truthful to himself, Tony admits that he doesn’t even know what he wants, what he should hope for at all.
“How is it going though, generally. Not wearing the glasses?” He picks up on the mother hen tone of her voice.
“And does that mean you’re his omega now? When did this happy little event happen?”  The Colonel wasn’t about to wilt at Steve’s demands.
Tony swallowed down the need to vomit and then swung downward in front of his enemy. The pain and memories blinded him as he slammed down in front of them – Hydra. The oncoming guards meant nothing to him as he raised the repulsors.
What was it? How could he comprehend it? He sought the answers along the bond, the strings that wove separate beings together into an intricate, elaborate astral net. He strummed it and listened to its beating – the heart of it. The echo of his own soul threatened to overwhelm him, but he zeroed in on the Mantra again, if only for a moment, to ground himself and then focused on the harmony around him. Within the center of the song, the souls bonded to him, something called to him. He shuffled all the rest of the songs aside, the different frequencies because they were not really musical sounds or songs, but various frequencies of energy. He pushed toward the centerpiece to find the echo of his own core, pinging back at him. But the Mantra did not still it, did not muffle it.
Tony shakes his head. “That was all Howard. And the other – well that was all Hydra. I don’t think you can take responsibility for either of their actions.”
Next to the fireplace there is a pile of wood. He moves on, not like there are going to be any romantic evenings in front of the fire. His gaze drifts over to Steve who is currently setting up a small space for his art supplies. He has a box with a small easel that he’s trying to balance on one of the side tables. It means he’ll have to work with his body twisted.
As he works on prying the thing off, he speaks in low tones to Steve. "It's gonna be okay. I'm here now. You're going to survive this. We'll go to our old hang outs. You know get Dumdum some booze and watch him fall over backwards into the ravine."  The words jumble in his throat as he becomes more and more desperate to get the metal cage off of Steve. It isn't budging even a tiny bit. Under him as he struggles, Steve shudders with every movement and twist of the vile metal cage. Cursing, Bucky looks for the straps, or buckles, or locking mechanism. What he finds sends him to the bucket in the corner to vomit.
Tony shakes his head. “No.” He turns to face Steve. “It’s not. My father found it. Along with your shield. It’s at SHIELD.”
He runs to the door, holding the towel firmly in place. Opening it, he finds Tony standing there in his sleeping pants and a ratty old Pink Floyd t-shirt. “We’re waiting. What’s going on? Are you?” Sniffing, he reaches out and touches Steve’s arm. “You’re wet.”
“Might be in the damned files. You’ve been doing what? For how long? To a human being.” Tony glared at them.
“Done. Sir, due to the electrical damage you will not be able to sustain flight for more than a hundred miles.”
Steven licked his lips. His voice came out soft but wanting. “Yes.” The last sound lingered. A soft s.
Barnes leans into Natasha and whispers in her ear before she nods and leaves. He lifts his chin at Tony and says, “You look up the ugly details then?”
Over Steve’s shoulder, Tony saw the tenement house across the alley way through the window. He spotted the old lamp on the table next to the bed. It was glass and hand painted. The bedspread beneath him felt hand made. His logical mind told him he was still in his Tower, that this was just a dream.
Tony’s hands are warm in comparison to Steve’s skin. “Fuck, you’re cold.” He opens both hands and places them on either side of Steve’s face. It feels like a dream and Steve finds himself closing his eyes. He snaps them open and shoos away the thoughts and hopes of another time.
“I’m touched, really,” Tony says and amusement sounds in his voice. “But I want you to know, whatever we do, it isn’t just your choice.”
Collapsing onto the bench, he bends over with his head in his hands. There may be still time to stop it. He slips his one hand into his pocket to pull out his glasses, he could access Jarwin at any time and tell him to stop. He doesn’t. He sits there stupefied and paralyzed by his own indecision. The anger he feels is real – the omega denied him drink as if Tony was child and Steven his mother. And then he slung insults at him to boot. The fact that he would dare to do such a thing still stuns Tony. He deserves his punishment.
“Okay.” Tony lays his hands on Steve’s wings and the heat and need from the bond between them blossoms and unfurls. It consumes Steve’s consciousness and he wonders if Tony feels it, too.
Steve withers inside at the words, his heart and mind at war with one another. He keeps a valiant effort up and returns the prince’s smile. “And you, my prince, you look wonderfully handsome as well.”
"Aunt Peggy," he says and crossed the distance between them. He leans down, she embraces and kisses him. It feels like acceptance and home. He feels shame.
Before any other reporter could say anything more, Tony put his one hand up as his other clutched Steve’s shield. He drew on his years of experience with the media to gather the courage to speak, to keep his voice strong and unbroken, to present the face of the Avengers.
Tony looks small in the bed. His hands are useless in his lap. There’s a thin blanket on him and his feet make little hills in the fabric. He flexes his hands several times. “I think.” He bows his head.
A battering ram of malice hits at him and he curls around Tony’s spirit guarding him. Through their mental bond, Steve can tell that Tony’s calculating, figuring how the exit might be hidden, concealed within Ultron’s Hub. It’s not only the exit Door for them, but Ultron’s way to secure his control over the internet and the planet. If they don’t find it, not only are they stuck here but Ultron might sneak out again, might find an escape from the worm infecting his code.
“Hunting? Hunting? You never left for that long before. You just go off and don’t tell anyone where you’re going.” Tony hears his own words and stops. He expels a heavy breath. “Okay.” Pinching the bridge of his nose, he says, “Okay so maybe you can’t tell me, but you left and-.” He throws his hands out. “I was scared. Okay? I got the HUD from the suit fixed. I told you that’s the communication device. I contacted my people. They’re coming here tomorrow.”
For moment, Tony thought the guard might draw his weapon but he stayed relaxed, at ease – and that concerned Tony even more than an outright attack. What the hell was he planning. “Do what you want. I’m free of the Movement. You and your fascist organization can go to hell.” He looked at Happy. “Go.”
“No. Tony, I don’t want to know. I just want you to promise you will stop this nonsense of disappearing for weeks, months at a time. The stockholders don’t like it.”
That was when Tony’s world changed. The contents of that drive, the data – it hadn’t only been the information confirming that his hooker was Steve Rogers, Captain America. It hadn’t only contained the reams of data on his time frozen under the ice. It hadn’t only contained the data on the search for Captain America,  but it also contained the dirty secrets of SHIELD as if pertained to Captain America, Steve Rogers.
“Clear out! Clear out!” Steve yelled, and Bucky lurched forward as if to attack Tony while at the same time Iron Man grabbed at the chest plating.
“You seemed to like that, too,” Steve said but kept his focus on the task at hand as he opened the dishwasher and started to stack the dishes.
The man isn’t looking at Steve, isn’t paying attention to him at all. He’s staring down at the book. “Quantum Entanglement: The Case for Human Entanglement?”
“He’s pack, too,” Steve interjected. He handed the tablet back to Hill. Now it was his turn to close off with arms over his chest. “He could be lured by the twins either for good or-.”
Steve blushes and puts a hand to his face. He feels a little flush. Maybe a little distraction is just what he needs. He knows it’s exactly what the prince needs. “You’re quite the playboy, aren’t you?”
“Yes, we have a small arm looking at nanites that are programmed specifically for the patient to deliver the targeting molecule wherever we want. It’s not perfected by any means and it could lead to some harrowing side effects, but we’ve had good progress and results in animal models.”
The lights around him are odd, funneled, dark and fuzzy around the edges with blinking bright spots in the center. All the while, Tony keeps touching him as he talks “They’re getting ready now. It might be some time. The gland is a complex organ. Doctor Cho isn’t sure this will work. She’s trying her best.”
“I just want you to know that. I know you,” Bucky said and glanced at Steve – didn’t hold his gaze. “I know you would feel guilty for what happened. I know you do. I can feel it even now.”
“You would allow it?” The man asks as he finishes off the pie. He doesn’t even bother with the utensils. He just grabs the food like an animal and stuffs it into his mouth. Tony wonders when the last meal was that the man had.
Steve hides his face by turning slightly away from Tony. This thing in front of him isn’t Tony. It’s a concoction of Ultron’s design, a creation meant to lure him so that Ultron has the time to infect Steve’s brain, escape the worm, and eventually – what?
He twitches a little getting ready for the drop into enemy territory. The First Orders rise to strength and power took everyone by surprise. The Scholars at the sacred archive had thought after the fall of the Empire they could finally come out of hiding, but Snook and the hell of the First Order quickly snuffed that out. He recalls historical debates and arguments within the High Circle of the Archive. It had such a classy name for a small hut in the middle of the village. The Scholar Jedi all gathered around as did the Sentinel Guard General.
“What? When?” Tony said and whipped the stool to the side as if he had been caught in some evil plan.
The man narrows his eyes and then lays his head back against the glass, his neck exposed as if in sacrifice. Tony can see his gland near his collar bone as it bleeds a little.
He considered them both. If they told the truth, then Clint had switched sides again. He wondered if the man got dizzy with all the rotations and his ever-revolving devotion. Looking down at Steve, Tony wished that his mate was more aware. As it was, Steve bordered on completely unconscious. Tony brushed Steve’s hair back and wanted to spend hours and hours caring for him, but they had little time. “We have to get out of here, Steve. I have to get out of here.” The rooftop and the sun beckoned. He shivered at the memories. “I’m going to get you out of here.”
Both of them sip freshly brewed coffee, leaning against the counter in the kitchen area. Tony knows a little bit of heaven as he drinks the coffee and Steve’s satisfied look. He could come to love that look, crave it, want to settle it on Steve’s face all the time. But then again, Tony tends to want things he cannot have. For a billionaire he really is a pauper in some aspects of life.
“Steve, whatever passed between us, we’ll get through it. I know you don’t believe it. I know you want to protect Barnes. I get that.” Tony rotates his shoulders and shakes his head a bit as if he’s trying to throw off something disagreeable. “We’ll work through it. Just wear it. If not for me, for yourself. It will convince Ross that you’re still my Omega.”
Tony scoffs. “You are far too cautious my friend. We are out in the wilderness.” Tony gestures with one hand while clutching onto the horn of the saddle’s pummel with the other.
“How they treating you, kid?” Logan asks as he dumps two large paper bags on the service tray table. One of the bags has a stain of grease on it.
Something wrong about Clint unbalances Steve. The archer steps into the moonlight, except he’s not an archer anymore. There are swords crossed on his back instead of a quiver. Steve steadies his response. He needs to pass this Ultron test.
She huffs a little before she continues. “At some point along the way, Steve probably came out of the closet. He’s been dying to, though he’s never done it before. He came close a few times with me, but not close enough to actually tell me. A hundred year old virgin has a hard time dealing with these things.”
The voice sounds off, more mechanical than real and Tony realizes it is the omega again. He turns back to the omega and eyes him. “Yes, they will.”
The floor retracts and the ship comes to a quick hover. They have seconds before Clint becomes a sitting duck. Bucky glances at Sam and with a sharp nod, they let go of the straps.  The wind and the cold hit him instantly. He flinches but then bends his legs read for the impact. It’s quick and hurts like hell but he rolls and comes to a stop. In seconds Sam is next to him. He’s checking his scanner.  Redwing flies.
The dark hallway greets him. The silence deepens unnaturally. He hears every breath, the pump of his heart in his ears, the swallow of his throat. His footfalls thunder in the quietude. It’s not like a silence in the real world; the real world hums. The din of humans clatters in the background. It took Steve ages to get used to sleeping in the forest when he fought in WWII because the distant ring of humanity had been absent.
It’s too late because as he scans the area to find the last soldier, a surge of troopers rush down the stairwell. Bucky has no choice. He abandons his search for the remaining trooper, runs to Steve’s side who slumps over unaware or unconscious Bucky doesn’t know which, and gathers Steve into his arms. Before he picks Steve up though, he stops and aims the blaster at one of the pillars, giving it a glancing strike. It’s not enough to crumble the entire pillar but it’s enough to weaken. It begins to sway as Bucky yells for Redwing and takes off toward what he hopes will be the inlet for the garbage shoot.
“Getting to be more of a punk everyday with your damned commander’s star,” Bucky grumbles and then his shadowed expression captures Steve. “Steve, he’s Tony Stark, who the hell do you think is going to represent Stark Corp at the Peace Conference of all of the Corporations?”
Tony shakes his head. “Probably not. The conjuring ability can’t be accessed in Ultron controlled reality. It still exists as part of the roleplay but it’s just not here. Sorry.”
They eat in silence for a while. Every now and again, Steve instructs Tony where something is on the counter or reaches over and places it near him hand so he can find it easily. He still can’t determine how he would deal with this when they have to go out to a dinner. How is Tony going to force the host or hostess to include his PA at the table?
mistake. That I’ve fallen for a client, and I’m never go to last at this, but here we are. What I need from you is not to tell me that I’m not going to get the fairy tale – I know that. But I do need from you the information that I’m betting you can supply.”
“Not much, boss,” Penny says. “The records are mixed up. Some of the records say he was with Dany Carbonelli since he was seventeen, other records say that he became his omega when the omega Xi died defending him in the Purge revolt of ’35.”
Steve only shrugs and exits. He knows the agents of the Guard and SHIELD well enough to appreciate Agent Sharon Carter’s work. He crosses the flight deck and boards the Commando, hitting the console panel to close up the ship as he steps up to the cargo bay area within the belly of the ship.
It takes him a good hour to get over to Foggy Bottom and weave his way through traffic to his destination. When he parks the car and heads towards the brownstone nestled between two others that seem nondescript in comparison, it is nearly 5 pm. He's never going to make it back to NY on time to see Steve. Pausing before he walks up the wisteria lined path, he brings out his phone and sends a text to Steve. It's the only way he's ever been able to get in touch with the man. It took Tony some finagling to get the hooker to give him any contact information.
Steve startles and finds an older gentleman, dressed impeccably and formally, standing next to him. “Excuse me?”
“Now, that’s impressive,” Sam said and knocked Steve in the arm with an elbow. Tony noticed the slight blush of pink to Steve’s cheeks.
“Tony! Tony!” His brain jitters in fear and he begs and pleads with God for mercy. This is his fault, he did this to Tony. He sinned and now Tony-. He spots a head – face down in the water. “Oh God, Tony.”
Steve listened to Tony – the way his voice tripped over the words, skipping as if they were inconsequential to the Mantra itself. In some ways, he was right. Steve followed along, muttering the Mantra himself.  “The Core is the Soul. The Core is in me. I am the Soul.”
“Burgers, fries, shakes,” Tony said. “I know a guy.” He went right to work, that way Steve wouldn’t be able to stop him. He knew the management at the hotel and all he had to do was click his fingers and he plus his guests would get anything they desired and ordered. He listed everything he wanted and asked that all of the order be sent to his room in less than 30 minutes. Once off the phone he turned and smiled to Steve. “See? That’s how it’s done.”
"Oh," Steve says. He has no recollection of those days. He might remember a baseball game from the wrong day, or maybe a race through the streets of Manhattan but maybe that's one of his real memories mixing with the fake ones. He squeezes the memories away and only nods. He follows them, and the doctors shake their heads as Coulson leads the way.
"We know you're in here!" The voice of a man yelled, and Peter tried even harder to be unseen in the dark corner of the ceiling behind the door.
"Peter, I love you too, but don't do anything stupid, it'll be okay." Bucky said and went over to another corner, hiding in the shadows of the dark basement.
"Peter, hide!" Bucky said urgently, standing up and looking around frantically for somewhere that Peter could hide. He quickly opened the door that led down to the house's basement/bombshelter. Bucky grabbed the keys that were hanging next to the basement door as quietly as possible and he and Peter quickly went in.
"And I told you I wouldn't let you die." Peter said and grinned slightly before turning around to face the five guys that were now all pointing their guns at Peter now.
"You remember your mission now, Spider?" Pierce growled and Peter nodded. "Good, and what powers you possess and why you are here?" He asked and Peter furrowed his eyebrows, not completely sure about the answer to that since he only knew that he had the powers of a spider. What exactly they were, he didn't know, but that's what he knew.
The pain faded to a throb about ten minutes later and the chair like torture device moved forward so he was now sitting up straight, facing the head of HYDRA, Alexander Pierce. Peter's wrists were handcuffed to the chair by special, enhanced cuffs so that he was unable to escape or hurt anyone.
I finally got around to writing this and wow, why are so many people reading this?! It's not even that good, it's just something I scribbled down while bored once... But I suppose I should keep writing it if you guys want me to. I have really bad writer's block right now on this, so... sorry if this chapter is terrible...
The guy grabbed hold of Bucky's arm, who tried to fight the guy off but the guy kneed him in the stomach and pulled him to his feet. He held Bucky upright by his arm and held the gun to his temple while Bucky continued to try and fight the guy off.
Peter noticed that a ring of guards surrounded him as Pierce led him through the countless dark hallways that were all lit only by flickering, dim light-bulbs that hung from the ceiling. They looked ready to strike if Peter even made one wrong move and that only further added to the reasons for Peter's suspicions that he was more of a prisoner here than he was some kind of agent or worker as Pierce had seemed to have been telling him a few moments prior. As he walked he tried to figure out who he really was, how he got to this place and why he was even there, but every memory he had was just blank, he couldn't even remember his name or where he came from.
"Good. Guards, take him to change and then take him to the transport vehicle. Do not fail this mission, Spider, or last night will seem like heaven in comparison to the pain you will feel." Pierce waved his hand in dismissal and smirked one last time before going back to speaking to the other people at the table.
Peter shook his head slightly, knowing that he wasn't supposed to speak unless he was told to. "You have the powers of a spider, all of them, and you are here because you are a special addition to HYDRA because of your abilities, and we can create weapons from the way you are." Pierce told Peter, his voice laced with hidden anger due to the fact that he had to explain this. Peter nodded slightly and Pierce nodded at the guards.
"Stand down, or I'll shoot." The guy who was holding the gun to Bucky's head growled aiming his words at Peter who froze immediately after seeing the gun being held to his brother's head.
"Fine, then we will make you go." The guard said and glanced at Pierce for some kind of approval, which he received in the form of a quick nod. Peter knew the butt of the guard's gun was going to hit him on the back of his neck before it even happened, yet immediately after it happened his vision faded and he slipped into unconsciousness, falling to the ground.
“I was just thinking that I’ve never had an actual sugar baby,” Tony tosses out, obviously testing. Steve just rolls his eyes indulgently.
“You can do that now,” Tony argues weakly. Steve’s fingers have stopped moving in his hair. He rubs his head forcibly back on them until he starts up again. “We can literally do that anytime, Steve, seriously, what’s your motive?”
“Oh.” They step into the elevator and simultaneously lean against the wall of it as the doors close again. JARVIS is silent, waiting patiently for their instructions, but Tony doesn’t actually want to take this up to the penthouse just in case Steve reacts really, really badly and needs to get away from Tony as fast as possible. That still seems like a distinct possibility. “… I thought the date went really well.”
“Dialing,” JARVIS says, sounding almost sympathetic, and Tony rocks back upright, rubs at his forehead and squares his shoulders.
Unbidden, Tony’s imagination conjures up Steve, wide-eyed and hurt, marching up to him to ask if he’s been tested, recently, awkward the way he gets when he knows that what he’s saying could easily be read as an accusation and he doesn’t want that, but it’s totally reasonable, because – well – he’s Tony Stark, and everybody knows –
“Fuck,” he mutters again, fishing his phone out of his pocket. It’s eight in the morning, which is hideously early for him to begin with. Worse than yesterday, even. “What’s the number, what’s the – J, extension for legal?” Bothering Pepper again won’t do him any good. Maybe if he takes things into his own hands…
“What now?” Steve asks, not even pretending not to be amused as he glances down at the bolded text at the top of the page. He gives a short, choked laugh, the sort that he makes when he’s taken off guard at how funny he finds something. “Oh.”
Tony should probably hate that Steve knows him so well. He should definitely be alarmed by how quickly he got used to this, to Steve, in this capacity, but he’s not.
“I would never do that,” Tony says automatically, and oh, God, he can’t even tell anymore if those are butterflies in his stomach or if he’s really going to throw up all over the inside of this elevator. It’s guaranteed to be all acid, if he does; he’s had about six cups of coffee today and nothing else. “I don’t care about
And Steve, he’s not ready for that kind of shit. There’s a reason that Tony handles all of the Avengers PR. That was the deal: Steve can deal with the politicians, none of whom will touch Tony with a ten-foot pole anymore and all of whom are tripping over themselves for a chance at Captain America’s endorsement for their next campaign (not that Steve is dumb enough to make any promises, and good for him), and Tony can talk circles around the people begging the Avengers for interviews and endorsements, and sic his lawyers on the rest. It’s what he does best, talking. Redirecting. Push comes to shove, Tony is more than willing to get vicious, to play dirty. Withdraw funding, dissolve mergers, leak sensitive documents to the public and decimate someone’s career in an instant if they try to paint his teammates red.
Is that why he’s not down here right now? Tony blinks at the time, forcing himself to breathe. 9:45 am. He can’t taste his coffee. Steve makes breakfast early, around 8 every morning whether anyone else is up and roaming the Tower or not; there’s no reason he
“Wrong, nothing’s wrong,” Tony laughs, foot tapping so rapidly on the floor that his whole body is practically vibrating. He places a hand over Steve’s and squeezes briefly, warmly, before prying it off and taking another quick step backwards. “So paranoid. Don’t miss me too much, sweetheart, I’ll be back before you know it.”
Because God forbid Tony cherish the fragile, precious beginnings of his own shiny new relationship, he thinks moodily. The prospect of Rhodey showing up unannounced before Tony’s got a lid fucking superglued on this thing is beginning to make him nauseous. Damn his nosy, overprotective friends. Why the hell are they all like that?
But, well, a few months ago Tony wouldn’t have been waking up with the guy drooling attractively on his pillow. He would have flinched away from a hand spread out heavy and warm over the arc reactor. Would certainly not have admitted to Steve that he was right, before he’d even really given up the fight. It’s not like him to give up on something at all until it’s blown up in his face. Sometimes literally. But Tony is starting to feel like a different person, lately… in a good way. A really good way. He feels – stable. He feels almost okay.
surprised that his pants hadn’t caught on fire. He’d asked JARVIS, later, in a spectacular invasion of privacy, exactly how much time Steve had spent sneaking looks at his ass since he moved into the tower, and JARVIS had drily asked if he didn’t want to know about the statistics on any
As the elevator doors are sliding shut, he catches Natasha’s low murmur. “He’s probably going to call the sharks to deal with this. If he hasn’t already.”
“This is actually a really nice photo of us,” Steve says, staring at the blurry spread of the two of them crowded into a corner and kissing furiously with such warm affection that Tony’s insides are squirming with embarrassment. It's what he says every time but it still sounds ridiculous, it
will be barging in here, too, demanding to know why he hadn’t heard it from Tony himself. Demanding that Steve shake his hand, probably. FUCK.
Someone’s going to fucking pay for this. He’s not going to deal with this shit for their entire relationship. He’s
For all that he doesn’t have a whole lot of nervous tics, Steve is a full-body blusher, and Irish to boot, so it’s hard to miss. His face is already starting to go blotchy pink. “Well, I had to be sure you weren’t going to sock me in the jaw for asking you out.”
Steve is being remarkably, almost unrealistically patient with him about it all. He’d snuck out and read through the headlines at his favorite little café, with their shitty wifi, on the third day, but Tony could hardly be mad when he came home grinning ear to ear and lifted Tony straight up into his arms, peppering his face with kisses, excited about the quality of the photos and the tender way they looked at each other in them.
“I’ll be bitching at you from under the conference table all day,” Tony lies, plastering on a smile. Just a small one, so that Steve can’t identify his discomfort. “JARVIS?”
“How about you come to bed with me?” Steve says, all low and husky right into his ear, and though he’s too far gone to even consider getting hard over that, Tony nods and clutches his mug to his chest, leaning forward until their foreheads rest together.
He’d caught Steve licking his lips behind him on multiple occasions, now – not just today, but for weeks, hell, months, which in hindsight should have lead him to this conclusion way earlier, but Tony has always been a realist (at least, when it comes to his personal life – he has no illusions about his own glaring lack of social skills where people he sees on a regular basis are concerned) and the resulting eye contact had been so full of smoldering promise that Tony was
“I would happily lay with you all,” Thor says earnestly. Tony’s brain goes briefly offline at the mental image that conjures and he tries his damnedest not to look intrigued, he really does, but the way Natasha is smirking at him makes him doubt that he’s entirely succeeded. “Asgard smiles upon the practice of lying with one’s shield brothers and sisters. It is a very pleasurable form of bonding –”
“He wants everyone to know who you belong to,” Natasha counters, which – wow – based on the way Steve’s shoulders have just curved inward, like he’s cringing against the accusation, seems a lot more accurate. Clint nods absently, having taken hold of her left foot a few minutes ago, kneading his thumbs into the arch expertly. Her back arches off the couch a little and Tony closes his eyes rather than suffer the humiliation of having them wander when Steve is literally right here, half on top of him, touching him.
Their date was shockingly sweet, so nice that Tony wanted to hold his breath afterward for fear that it would all disappear and turn out to be just another impossible dream. Holding his breath turns out to be impossible, however, with Steve’s hands in his hair and down his pants and all over him. It’s a long time coming and shockingly athletic, and for once in his life, Tony dropped right off to sleep afterward with the low, comforting sound of Steve’s chuckling in his ear, the warm, damp slide of a cloth on the insides of his thighs. It was, to his recollection, just past eleven when his eyes slid shut.
He lets out a noise like a deflating balloon and Steve just strokes his back, grinning, and tells JARVIS to take them to the penthouse.
“Can we all go?” Clint asks, obviously having tuned out a while ago. He’s looking to Steve for permission which is just all kinds of infuriating. “Bring some beer, make it a party.”
More than that, Tony has wanted this for so long that he almost can’t remember a time when he didn’t.
This was easier when it was just the two of them, just a quiet, private thing they could tease and toy at together, alone. Tony hadn’t needed to think about how it would all pan out when it was just him and Steve, learning each other. Staying up late in the glow of the television or the muted starlight on the balcony. It had felt… safe. Hopeful. But now –
Eye witnesses say they’ve seen Stark canoodling with official Avengers team leader, Steve Rogers, on multiple occasions both in public and in the relative privacy of Avengers tower. “There’s an awful lot of… touching. I think it’s inappropriate. The Avengers have a fraternization policy, surely?” says one employee, who wishes to remain anonymous. “I think it’s a shame that Mr. Stark left such a lovely woman for a man. Not only that, but Captain America is practically his boss!”
“What?” Tony says absently, then frowns and then chokes, spinning around to grab Steve roughly by the shoulders. “Oh my god, Steve. Please. Shut up. This is not – that was, did I sound like I was complaining? Because I definitely was not. That was fucking incredible, you’re – no, I mean, we need to talk about the date.”
“Oh, shut up. I’m not asking you to lie for me on national television. Your conscience will strangle you to death in your sleep. It won't be explainable by medical science, I'll be the primary suspect because you'll be in my bed when it happens, obviously, and then Pepper will have to bail me out of jail again and then, Steve, then she is going to use her heels to punch holes in my head so that maybe I'll hear her next time she tells me to do something - you laugh but that's a real threat! She said that to me! Out loud! Multiple times! You think you're being nice but really, you're just facilitating my murder, Steve, that's not very boyfriendly of you."
“Nooooo,” he drawls, shooting her one more pout as he begins wiping lukewarm coffee out of the grooves of his chair. How humiliating. He should invent a robot to do things like this – one more coordinated than DUM-E, for sure, but the possibilities… He coughs, aware that she’s raising her perfectly sculpted eyebrow at him, waiting. “I’m going to sic my lawyers on them for defamation of character. Then I’m going to let
“Yeah, you are,” Steve agrees, and buries his face in Tony’s neck. His lips are pressing right up behind Tony’s ear and Tony goes utterly boneless.
he doesn’t say. Mostly because the thought of Steve wanting to date someone else makes him feel like he’s been kicked in the solar plexus.
He’s still rubbing his nose against Tony’s. Tony lets out what’s supposed to be a laugh and comes out sounding dangerously breathy, not in a hot way. “I’m only going to say this once,” he says, quiet and thick and carefully unexamined. “But I know you’re right. Just…”
No - wait. Too soon for that. Right? He's not sure, he's never been very good at this relationship thing. But -
“J, pull all mentions of Tony Stark and Captain America from Steve’s news feed today,” he mutters. “I don’t want a word of this to get to him until I talk to him later.” It’s probably not the most ethical stopgap but Tony is currently pressed for time, and it will have to do for now. It’s not like he wants to be the one to break the news to him but it’s probably for the best. With any luck, none of their teammates will go to Steve if they have questions – miraculously, they’re all rather intelligent people (even Barton, though he hates to admit it), and besides, they love tormenting Tony with an unholy glee. At the very least, they’ll probably wait until tonight to catch both of them at once, and hopefully by then Tony will have called in every favor he’s accumulated in the past twenty years and managed to corner Steve alone, and maybe they can shove this all back into the closet for a while. Or, you know, forever. It’s cozy.
“Tonight you do.” Tony’s eyes dropped pointedly to the faint impression of Steve’s abs through the fabric of his white t-shirt. Fuck, he wanted to
“Fucking Steve,” he mutters, and doesn’t even bother to raise a finger when JARVIS replies drily, “Shall I ask Captain Rogers down to the communal floor, sir?”
Suffice to say, Tony has plenty of good excuses as to why he didn’t insist on a little more discretion. He’s only human. And Steve was clearly trying to kill him.
“I’m find out who took those damn pictures and sue them so hard they won’t be able to walk tomorrow,” he says, mostly to himself, but there’s a chorus of groans and Steve’s familiar protests and he wilts against the wall once he’s far enough down the hall, pressing the heels of his palms to his eyes.
This reporter could not find any conclusive evidence on the existence of such a policy. They did, however, manage to catch a few sordid moments between Mr. Stark and his new flame.
, he reminds himself, and plasters on a painful smile when Pepper’s face appears projected against the wall, brows furrowed with confusion and vague disapproval.
“I want to take you on another date,” Steve says evenly, but there’s a little guilty spark in his eyes that says he’s not giving Tony the full truth, and Tony mentally latches onto it with both hands. “And I know you’re not going to agree to go out in public with me again until you feel better about this. I think this would be quickest.”
“I hate to tell you this, Tony,” Steve sighs, wandering closer and attempting to peer at the StarkTab he’d abandoned on the table right beside his sadly empty mug; Tony makes a grab for it and clutches it to his chest protectively, absurdly flustered. They’d squabbled over it the entire night, but he’s not sure how long he can keep Steve from finding a way to look at the news, even with JARVIS running interference. “But I’ve been slandered before.”
The way he was looking at Tony’s biceps, eyelashes lowered and lower lip catching briefly between his teeth, was nearly Tony’s undoing.
“Sorry, no can do,” Bruce says, but now his lips are twitching with what Tony is absolutely certain is amusement. He frowns at him, betrayed, but Bruce just shakes his head fondly continues staring down at the scientific journal in his lap. “I don’t really want to know anything about the Hulk’s kinks. Or if he has them.”
“We have actual, professionally shot photos of our first date, Tony,” Steve had said animatedly, and then, “I should start a scrapbook.”
“I hate watching this eat you,” Steve says, low and painfully honest. He sidles closer and leans against the wall beside him, at an angle so that he doesn’t loom, and that’s just another one of those things that makes Tony feel like the most stupidly lucky guy in the world – like he can’t believe Steve is real, sometimes. “I’m sorry for nagging. I just – I think it’s the right play.”
“There are pictures.” Tony coughs, rubs at his goatee, takes a deep breath and coughs again. He doesn’t meet Steve’s eyes. He’ll have to in a moment, but he doesn’t want to see it in his eyes if… “Someone – well, multiple someones, must have recognized us. It’s all over the internet.”
“Fine. More than fine. You didn’t want to let me up for my run.” He sounds fond and amused and not at all like he’s been reading the “Controversy” section of Tony’s Wikipedia page, which only makes Tony all the more desperate to do whatever harm reduction he can before this makes it to the newsstand or onto a billboard. “Kept mumbling at me to come back.”
‘mom’. Right. “Tony. I don’t – I don’t want to push,” he starts, averting his eyes guiltily at Tony’s barely repressed snort. “But if this is bothering you, maybe – maybe I should say something. I could do it alone. I’ll even lie, if you want me to.”
Steve’s about to be dragged buck-naked through the proverbial mud and hung up next to every random celebrity Tony has ever been naked with. They’re going to be mocking Captain America on talk shows for months. Inviting him just to ask him if Tony pitches or catches, and
“Arts and crafts aren’t really my thing, big guy,” Tony had said dismissively, and failed to notice the way that Steve’s eyes narrowed manically. “How about we just save them on a thumb drive.”
It’s just getting his guard down in the first place. That’s the problem. Easier with circuits than with people. Tony is not much of a people person, no matter how well he fakes it.
, I’m not hiding anything, Jesus, Steve, have you seen yourself? Straight men want you to fuck them, they should all be jealous, it’s – just, promise me you won’t look it up. I don’t – people say really nasty things.”
“It’s really not,” Steve jumps in, apparently eager to convince Tony of this totally offensive, untrue fact. His hand settles on Tony’s waist, fingers stretching
“You,” Tony says, splutters, and can’t come up with a word strong enough to express his incredulity. Some rational part of his brain is screaming at him that he needs to tell Steve what a terrible idea that is, assure him that he’d understand if he decided that this wasn’t worth it, that he could still call things off. But the larger, vastly more selfish part of him is rolling ecstatically around in the hot, defiant, possessive undertone in Steve’s voice. He thinks about waking up alone, in the center of his huge bed, to cold, stiff sheets and without a pair of huge arms wrapped around his waist, and the idea of it is so unappealing that his throat feels like it’s about to close up. It’s ridiculous. He’s only had Steve for a few weeks… Only had him in his bed for one night. But it already feels like he
. The headlines are still awful, Twitter has become a cesspool of raunchy speculations, and Tony’s entire life is being trotted out for Steve to see if he even so much as glances at the front pages of any of the major news outlets online. Being a celebrity had been fun once, Tony was fairly sure of it, but every day it gets harder to remember. He’s also pretty sure that Steve’s been accosted by dozens of hopeful reporters at this point – Tony hasn’t left through the front door since this all started, but soldier boy has to have his morning jog, and no matter how many times Tony points out that they have a perfectly serviceable treadmill in the Avengers’ private gym, he insists that he likes the fresh air.
give a shit about defamation of character?” Natasha scoffs, dragging his attention back to the present.
“If I can do it, I can say it,” Steve says, grinning. He loosens his arms and takes a half-step back, turning Tony gently so that he’s facing him. Blue eyes lock searchingly onto his and Tony stays very still, forcing himself not to look away or fidget, letting Steve perform his little checks. And the whole team calls
“What did they say that was so bad?” Steve asks, and then he’s moving downward, and Tony slams his forehead against the metal and let’s his shoulders slump.
“We’re not holding a press conference.” His eye twitches. Natasha reaches over and pats him on the back of the head, perhaps less gently than she could have.
Everybody except Steve. Tony’s not naïve enough to think that Steve doesn’t know all about his hellion days, but the SHIELD briefing would have been very formal, succinct. They wouldn’t have showed fresh-out-of-the-ice, vulnerable-to-culture-shock Steve Rogers his myriad of leaked sex tapes, for example, or the interview he’d done after that one court-mandated rehab stint. That was pretty bad. But it was the 90s! Nothing that happened in the 90s was relevant anymore. And that’s where all of that shit should have stayed, could have stayed, and maybe Tony could have had a few years of domestic bliss before Steve would’ve realized what a mistake it was.
“Hey,” and speak of the devil. Tony hurries to unstick his face from his hands and clears his throat, moving them down to his hips like he’s not been standing here for ten minutes brooding. Steve looks him up and down, distinctly unimpressed, but underneath it there’s a current of tangible worry that instantly has guilt crashing through Tony’s gut.
“Those are all trash rags,” Natasha comments, leaning over his shoulder while he scrolls angrily through his feed the next day, and Tony has been so caught up in what is a very promising fit of ice-cold rage that he jumps halfway out of his skin and knocks over his coffee. Swearing, he grabs for the paper towel roll on the counter beside him and begins dabbing it off his pants.
“Might be time,” Tony agrees, casually as he can muster, and tries to ignore the sudden weakness in his knees. It's okay, though, because Steve's still here and he's got him. He crushes Tony back into his arms and lets out a lightheaded-sounding laugh.
Tony hates doing damage control. He hates it so much. Normally he’d just drop a memo for his laywers and wash his hands of it, wouldn’t touch it himself at all, because frankly there are far better uses of his time than getting worked up over what random nobodies on the internet were saying about him, except –
Tony scowls and scrolls down. They’re teammates, they’re allowed to go out in public together, hell – they all go out to lunch together on a weekly basis! Admittedly, usually as a group, sometimes in threes or fours, but –
The anxious knot that pulses like a living thing in his chest, tangled through the arteries surrounding his damaged heart, loosens a little every time Steve laughs like none of this matters.
He’s lucky that Steve wants to take him out at all, and he’s not going to let the press ruin whatever little time he gets out of it. Tony’s not stupid. He knows that this is a limited time only thing, that eventually Steve will get sick of him and all of his eccentricities, his mood swings, his complete lack of social graces when it’s just the two of them and Tony doesn’t have to pretend to be an aristocratic douchebag, can just be the regular kind of douchebag that frequently has motor oil in his hair and doesn’t exercise enough. God knows what Steve sees in him, but Tony’s definitely not going to complain. He’s going to cherish every second of this until it’s over, gossip rags be damned.
“Easy? You have an easy setting?” Tony scoffs. “I’m sorry, you’re going to need to verify that for me. I want to see some proof.”
“Tony, I don’t care,” Steve begins, but Tony waves him off impatiently. He gives the chair he’d been sitting at one more cursory wipe with the sodden paper towel in his hand and tries not to feel the tendrils of panic in his gut. There’s no reason to panic, there’s no reason to…
The elevator doors slide shut once again and Tony slams his forehead against them forcefully as soon as they start their descent, huffing out a strangled breath.
“You’re getting worked up over nothing,” she says, rolling her eyes as she folds herself neatly into the chair adjacent to his. Her hair is particularly vibrant today, likely freshly dyed, and Tony might compliment her on the impeccable state of it wound artfully up behind her head if he weren’t so annoyed. “The Sun? You’re really going to get your panties in a twist over that load of bull?”
Steve, to his credit, only nods and follows him, but the tension is practically leaking out of his pores now. Tony pulls him all the way through the kitchen and to the elevator before Steve says, sudden and low and guilty, “Is this about last night? I’m really sorry if, I mean, I don’t have a lot of practice, but if you give me some instruction I’m a quick study. I’ll get better.”
This is… starting to spiral out of control. Tony can admit that he hadn’t really had much of a semblance of control over this whole situation to begin with – if he had more power over the tabloids then he probably never would have been outed himself in the first place, never mind taking Captain America down with him – but the panic is starting to give way to horrible, bleak, wrenching helplessness. Pepper has done what she can and is probably going to be screening every call he makes to her for the next five months, the team at large thinks the whole thing is hysterical, and Steve is – Steve is obviously upset, no matter what he says. If he really thinks Tony hasn’t noticed the tension that bunches up under his shoulder blades every time he sees one of those damned headlines, then he’s embarrassingly oblivious. Tony is sharply observant when he wants to be, and with Steve he
“I think we both knew that this was coming,” Pepper points out, sounding both very tired and very fond. “Don’t worry about me. You know that I can handle a couple of stray reporters. I’ll be back in a few weeks, we can go out to lunch, and their poor little brains won’t be able to keep up. How’s Steve coping?”
Tony glances backwards and fights back a fond smile. “He’s been printing out articles for our scrapbook.” Pepper’s eyebrows shoot straight into her hairline.
That is not, Tony knows, the sound of Steve giving up. This is a tactical retreat. He’s just regrouping, waiting for Tony to shore up his defenses one last time before he goes in for the kill. The thought is not as dismaying as it should be. Tony feels strangely giddy.
“Never,” Tony mumbles, slumping into Steve’s big, broad shoulder and burying his face in his neck without preamble. “Never that.”
The problem is – the problem is that for once, just for once, Tony doesn’t want to be a disappointment to Steve. He wants to do what Steve is asking him to do, which is… relax. And let it go. Take it in stride.
going to have his head. She knows that he knows better and she’s not going to hesitate to tell him that if he tries whining about it. Tony tips his head back toward the ceiling and blows out a breath, trying to empty his lungs which suddenly feel clogged and heavy, like they’re full of poison gas.
.” Tony snaps, a hot flush spreading across his cheekbones, god he can’t even look at Steve right now – “Those belonged to my father. But yes, I’ve read them. Steve, the public loves you. They LIKE loving you, almost as much as they love hating me.” He finally chances a quick glance under his lashes and catches the unimpressed eyeroll before Steve can hide it. “Ohoho, you think I’m kidding. Y’know what? I told you to put on the damn sunglasses.”
“That’s nice, Steve, look – I’ve got a lot of work to do today, I’m going down to the lab. See you tonight.”
“I didn’t mean it like that,” Steve sighs. He shifts even closer, until their noses are rubbing together; Tony has the vague thought that if this were anyone else, he’d be irritated, maybe even offended. Pepper had always complained that he got standoffish when he was upset like this – didn’t like to be touched, or, well, wouldn’t let himself be touched, anyway. He’s like a cat that way, wants things and then can’t handle it when he gets them, shies away just to keep himself from getting overwhelmed. Hates being vulnerable. Steve always manages to rip straight past that, though, and gets right to the trembling center of him.
Steve eyed Fury. He accepted this whole state of affairs so easily. That spoke volumes. It meant that Fury had encountered things like this before.
Steve hesitates only for a fraction of a minute, but it’s enough to telegraph his indecision to Tony and Jarvis. The servant only clears his throat and steps back into the house. Tony grabs Steve’s hand and pulls him in for a lingering, drawn out kiss that Steve doesn’t have time for but wants, and sinks in to nonetheless. He welcomes Tony and braces his hand against his shoulder, holding on as if Tony is quickly becoming his anchor, keeping him moored and tethered to hope.
Tony’s body quivers in the cold. His skin looks gray and hollowed out.  They need a fire fast. When they get to the one room cabin, Steve hops down from Shield and nearly topples over – his body is so cold it doesn’t listen to his commands.  He gets Shield to the side shed and unties the other horse, leaving him in the enclosure near the shed to feed. Luckily, Tony seems to have come to a little more sense of himself and he doesn’t fall off Shield as Steve unloads some of the supplies. When he returns he helps Tony down to the ground. Tony nearly goes to his knees but Steve stops him, guiding him to the door. The snow flurries around them – it is turning into snow showers now. The worst of the storm is nearly upon them.
“Potato, potah-too. Doesn’t matter. I’m going to attend all session since he’s my Omega and I’ve claimed Alpha Privilege.”
“Oh.” She paused before she took in a breath and then released it. “You be safe.” Her voice sounded small, distant, and frightened.
“You’ve poisoned this realm, Schmidt. You cannot keep us here,” Steve states. His words and belief remain strong, but his fears rise as the blackness extends to tendrils that slither up his legs. It’s cold to the touch. He reaches toward his center, toward his true North and that’s Tony. It’s always been Tony.
Leave it to Bucky to make Steve feel like that skinny kid from the Rims all those years ago. Natasha glares at him, but offers him space to explain himself.
“Not exactly.” He stood there, staring at Tony with his hot chocolate mug in his hand. His eyes looked dead and Tony thought about whether or not the myths about zombies might be truth. It was unnerving.
Steve hung back as did Tony, though he stayed closer. As Bruce stretched out with the lengths of his soul’s energy, Steve lent his own. He offered a foundation, built it and strengthened it. It was his job as the leader of the pack to offer assistance where he could. In the very near distance, Tony wandered a pulse, a beat apart as if he tested the waters but could not make the final decision to jump in. Non-plussed by Tony’s hesitation, Steve strove forward with Bruce as he struggled with the webbings of the chaotic soul before them.
“Nope. Thanks. Contrary to popular belief in my household I do know how to function as a blind person. Dummy and the glasses only go so far. I spend the vast majority of my time being visually impaired.”
There’s no answer; if he’s awake at all he’s not aware in his fitful fever. Bringing the device to Tony, Steve imagines it in his chest, checking the dimensions. He thinks it’s supposed to be there, that it would replace the battery and wires.
Steve peers out of the elevator around the corner and see the glass door to the underground garage. “Yes. Looks like it.”
“God, I know, I know,” Steve said and brought Tony into an embrace, holding him tight to his chest until the violence disintegrated and he slumped into Steve’s arms.
At 4 o’clock in the afternoon Tony’s private jet takes off. They’ll land in Newfoundland and then take a boat out to his island the next day.  Technically, he doesn’t own the island. It’s under Canada’s jurisdiction, but everything on the island is owned by Stark Industries and his personal estate. It’s in the low 70sF, around 22C, when the boat launches and Steve is standing at the bow of the boat, the waves crashing.  The air whips his hair around and Tony joins him. He’s still wearing his glasses and knows when they step foot on the island, he has to part with them. The weeks without them hopefully, will give him a break and will allow for him to wear the glasses for a prolonged period of time during the gala.
“You will lose,” the Red Knight says, and his voice sounds tired and worn. “I don’t want to hurt you. You don’t know what’s going on here. This Realm is not what you think.”
A hard push to his shoulder knocked him on his ass and he spun around as he leapt back onto his feet. There he was standing not a meter from him, but not Steve. The portrait of Tony’s discontentment in full technicolor glory. Sullen, dark, and less one arm.
When Tony approaches, An’Natalia greets him and then her gaze meets Steven’s. For an instant Tony sees a pain cross over Steven’s face and he attributes it to the punishment. Natalie tilts her head and smiles with that credo that also makes Tony check and see if he has a poisoned dart in his neck.
Steve smiles and shakes his head as he looks down at his Commander’s star. He’s not even sure why he bothers to wear it anymore. Bowing his head, he half smiles and then reports in at the Honor Guard. When he runs through the sequences to assign the Stark party to the Howling Commando, he finds it’s already signed off on and twists his lips at the blinking screen.
Steve considers his best options; what gear does he need? As he runs through the list in his head, he feels the gentle weight of the shield appear on his back. Its weight has never been too much. When he doesn’t have it, he misses it like a severed limb. He rotates his shoulders and realizes he’s wearing the stealth uniform he once wore as a SHIELD agent. Tony’s snickering next to him.
- was it heaven? People saw light when they were dying. He should go to the darkness, go back, but the light pulled.
Natalie places the straw on her tongue and sips her drink. “I can’t imagine what it would be like trying to get water rights under their reign. It won’t go well. We’ll have a dozen uprisings and revolts not from lowly omegas but middling alphas, too.”
Knowing he’s lucky Tony hadn’t decided to interrogate him further, Steve closes the bathroom door, locks it, and quickly disrobes. Normally, he would welcome Tony’s presence in the bathroom. Hell, the blow job Tony gave him in the shower yesterday (was that just yesterday?) sent Steve to the heavens. Right now, Steve craves the pelleting water and the methodical ritual of cleaning. It seems strange, but Steve has always been one of those people who when he had been able to clean up on Brooklyn took those precious minutes and savored them. Bathing was not something someone like Steve got to do very often on Brooklyn with its shortage of water. When he was offered the chance to do, Steve took it very seriously. Like going to Mass.
“Oh,” Tony says and he does remember as soon as the name solidifies in his brain, the gears slide into place, clamping and clicking, moving and grinding. “Yeah, yeah.” He almost says never mind, but the strange glow around Steve gives him pause. “You’re like an angel.”
“Oh,” Steve said. He accepted the mug of coffee with a thank you and gulped it, not even waiting to put in some sugar. “That means- everyone? Everyone got the call?”
“It’s okay,” Tony quietly urged. “Watch.” He reached over with his other hand, and turned Steve’s head back to facing him. The command was more of a request, but Steve still followed it. He arched his back as he watched Tony stroke up and down. His breathes quaked. “Help me.”
“They may allow brothels on the station, but not everyone agrees with – oh do that again,” Steve moans and starts to climb onto Tony’s lap, but before he can Tony stops his exploration of his ass.
Steve gripped the bedspread – the one his mother made him right before she died. He held in tightly in his hands. “No, Buck, no. You don’t understand. It’s this soul ma-.” He looked at his wrist and saw unblemished skin. He checked his arm, his chest – nothing. No soul mark. Nothing to indicate that the universe had intervened in his life. “I didn’t-.”
Behind Doctor Strange an Asian fellow walked in and considered the office, the occupants, and the situation. From his expression he was unimpressed. That in and of itself ingratiated him to Steve. Strange’s companion crossed his arms over his chest, glaring at Steve. “Is this him?”
Tony’s faked being sighted, but not blind. He reaches out and lets Steve grasp his hand to lead him to the bike. He knows he shouldn’t be cheating, especially since the implant upgrade isn’t finished, nor has it been properly tested. He won’t deny himself this small treat. Going driving with Steve at the helm, seeing the island one last time, Tony going to do this if it’s the last thing he ever does as a sighted person.
“Steve?” Natasha said. “Fuck! Steve!” A scuffle of motion from Clint and Thor but Steve couldn’t follow it. It was too much, too fast, too distant.
It has been sixteen years and he finally knows her name. Sixteen years and her name falls off his tongue like a sweet flavored kiss. Sixteen years of doubt and hope at the same time.
Tony clams up. Steve takes the hit, like he takes all the hits – stoic and reserved. After they finish their soup, he cleans out the cup and the pot and then pours another cup of coffee for himself. He pulls out the single sleeping bag and tosses it to Tony.
She smiled, nodded, and then left the room. Fury weighed his gaze at each of them before settling on Steve.
There’s that Cap again and the ball drops further in his gut. There was a time when Ultron first attacked and they had to find their way to Clint’s farm as safe refuge, that they almost ended up sharing rooms. Tony had stared at Steve, frozen as Laura announced that they had one guest bedroom, the kids would double up, but that meant someone had to sleep on the couch and the others had to double up. Steve thought for sure that Banner and Natasha would bunk together. That left Thor, Tony, and Steve. Thor was too massive to share a bed, so it only seemed logical that he take the wide sectional in the den while Steve and Tony shared the small full sized bed. That’s not what happened.
Steve blinks too rapidly to deny his feelings. It tightens his chest, his throat. The room is too hot, too close to him. He licks his lips and says, “I know.” His voice is a ruin of emotion. “I just don’t want to-.”
Tony insisted on. Steve doesn’t see it as harmful, just problematic if the storms grow when he need to cross the river; the pack animal might have a time of it making the journey.
Tony interrupts his internal debate. He raises their linked hands. “You know, when this happened, I was bound and determined to show the world I was independent. That I wasn’t that poor Stark boy who lost his parents and his sight in one tragic accident.  People tried to help, honestly wanted to help. But I fought it tooth and nail.”
“Okay, truth only. What do you think about Strange’s proposal?” Tony says and then crunches into the cookie. It melts in his mouth, the taste of butter sweet and creamy.
As the doctor calls his name in the background of his consciousness, Steve concentrates on Tony’s face. His eyes are potent and hungry with fear. Tony says, “What’s become of us? That first time, I told myself I wouldn’t bond with you. I want to take those words away. All the time we wasted.”
“Yes you do,” she said and then arched an eyebrow as she went to check on her patient – who was slowly waking up. No wounds marred his physique.
Steve stares at his hands – they look no different than they once did in life. Strong, able, powerful. He imagines he sees the many stains of blood, the torn flesh of hatred that filled his heart when he thinks of what he’s done. He curls his fingers into fists. Part of him wishes for a punching bag like he had all those years ago on a different Earth – a different place.
With dogged determination, Bucky clutches Steve even closer if that’s even possible. He pushes through the currents and checks again for pursuit. There is none. Falling into crap might not be fun but at least it stops the enemy in their tracks. As he glances behind them, the fortress suffers from the damages to the pillars below and it quakes. He hurries his steps along, even against the current as it gets heavier. The water churns around him and Steve shakes from the cold. He’s very nearly naked, only a torn clothe over his groin. He tries to keep Steve from falling into the water, but his strength sags and he curses. Where’s Sam, where’s Clint?
“Oh I know, I know, you’ve been busy with your friend. I hear things are not going well for him and I am truly sorry about that point,” Tony says, but he never releases Steve, he keeps touching him, petting him. “I also know you’ve been busy beating yourself, allowing that guilt to grow inside.”
By the time the game ends and the group plans on another meeting tomorrow to discuss the final needs of the Conclave, Steve is exhausted from plastering a fake smile on his face anytime someone chanced to come up to him to chat. At the end, Tony slaps Stane on the arm and smiles. Steve stands right next to Tony as he says his goodbyes.
Tony snapped then because the whole damned situation. “What the hell do you mean? It wasn’t the coagulant? It wasn’t the disease. It was the immortality, wasn’t it? Why the hell was he after the immortality? Was he after it for himself? What-.”
