“Sherlock,” John called after him. “Sherlock, wait!” He was genuinely surprised when his partner actually obeyed.
Sherlock shrugged. "I'll do what's necessary to blend in. This is no different. But Sarah... What if coming here was not enough for her? Her exhibitionistic streak might have eventually demanded something riskier... like the risk of being seen naked by someone outside the grounds of the resort."
"No, nothing," said Nasim. "Your brother hadn't yet been extubated at the time, so he was unable to speak. But he was visibly agitated and nearly pulled his IV out. Had he not been sedated, he could and probably would have exacerbated his injuries."
The skinny hunter impaled a piece of boiled flesh onto the barbecue fork and lifted it, smearing the greasy hot morsel against Sherlock's tightly closed mouth. When the young detective refused to comply, the meat was jabbed against his face. Sherlock was surprised that the teeth of the fork had not skewered his cheek.
"John..." The gap was infiltrated by pale fingertips, and John quickly put his own hand forward, their fingers meeting. The contact was not much at all, but it was something.
The doctor, naturally, paid him no regard. John yanked the door open, and the first sensory impression made aware by his brain was the sickeningly sweet, tangy odor of blood and rotting flesh combined. It struck him in the face like a physical wall, and he instinctively reared back from its pungency, not even helped by his medical training which he believed to have desensitized him to the smells associated with death and decomposition.
Fortunately Three-finger withdrew from the impeding confrontation, eyes downcast, before things had a chance to progress further. One-Eye hesitantly glanced up at his father, not sure if the crisis had been averted or not. He flinched when the patriarch moved, and once again his right hand went instinctively to his face. It was then that Sawtooth noticed the lacerated and grossly swollen state of his son's middle- and index finger, marks very obviously caused by teeth. The scrawny whore had bit One-Eye, and from the looks of it, he had done quite a number on the poor oaf's hand.
“This is what might solve the case utterly,” Sherlock said, speaking as though to ignorant children. “Now if you’ll just come with me…”
His leg was not there at all.
The detective, defiant as always, kept his eyes firmly trained on the three cannibals. Under normal circumstances, meaning if their captors had been fully human, Sherlock would have been nattering off deductions, some of them very delicate and personal, in order to provoke the criminals and throw them off balance, which in turn would leave room for mistakes that might grant Sherlock and his stalwart partner an opportunity to escape. There was, however, not a language the detective could speak that would not sound like meaningless gibberish to these men.
A faint noise reached his ears, and John went still as a stone, listening. Either John had been found out, or (and he hoped it was the latter) Sherlock was alive. Leaving the room, he slowly moved towards another door.
Sherlock's breath was currently a bigger issue. Barely there in the first place, it was becoming increasingly laboured. The elder Holmes realized something was obstructing his brother's airways and quickly inspected the confines of Sherlock's oral cavity with his finger, only to discover that the younger man's mouth was filled with dirt.
“You’re just angry that the employees called you mentally challenged,” Mary said with a chuckle.
John's eyes regained focus, as opposed to staring through his partner's head like Sherlock were made of glass. As he looked into Sherlock's eyes, he saw them soften.
John tried not to look at the crusting of dried blood still clinging to the left side of Sherlock's face. It was but a minor scalp wound, and decidedly not the worst of his friend's injuries.
"Indeed. I suppose you'll get in touch if you need any more advice concerning my volatile little brother."
A nurse occasionally walked in to check his vitals and inject something into his catheter, probably a strong analgesic to make the pain manageable. John wondered if he stood a risk of dying. Perhaps his wounded body was too weak to fight off the pneumonia, as had often been the case in war-torn Afghanistan; a country where weapons were common, while nutritious food and antibiotics were scarce. Even easily cured ailments such as tonsillitis sometimes led to death. He had seen it happen too many times, especially in children. When the parents finally headed out to seek help, it was oftentimes already too late and all that could be done for the poor afflicted child was to make their final hours as comfortable as possible as bacteria spread through the bloodstream and slowly poisoned them from within.
"Fine," Mycroft said coolly, glancing through the window at his brother's motionless form before reaching for the door.
"There ain't no proof they've been making bombs," he said. "Open the luggage, now."
"Exactly. I believe it's called social nudism, or naturism. A belief that nudity, when the weather permits, allows the person to live in greater harmony with nature."
Sherlock did not need to advise his partner to take care as they entered the property. By all rights, their mere arrival could have inspired the residents to open fire on them, but as far as both John and Sherlock could see, no one was in sight. Not yet anyway. So at present, they needed to be as surreptitious as physically possible.
“I guess I was wrong. This was why we never worked. You wouldn’t let me in. You wouldn’t allow us to connect more than just physically.”
The doctor shuddered at the thought of what the punishment for running away might be. If he wasn't killed outright, their captors would probably not hesitate to chop off a limb or even two.
"Yes or no, Sherlock?" the elder Holmes pressed, clearly waiting for his brother to deliver the correct amount of squeezes.
"But you did it, Sherlock," he said. "You got clean. That takes plenty of determination and will-power."
"If you could step aside for the medivac team, Mr. Holmes..." the team leader said, his voice gruff but not uncouth. Mycroft looked up at him, noting the name on his tag: Ruppenkamp. Whomever he outranked likely made sure to never mispronounce or mishear that name.
"Yes, at 6:23 this morning. His respiration rate is normal, and his oxygen saturation is also within limits of normal range, considering--"
Almost sighing, the older of the two walked on for two more steps until he allowed the little luxury. At least when William was lifted and carried along, he stayed still. Mycroft had to accept that at least he had won in the trivial battle of getting the boy to wear a nappy. When Will demanded physical comfort, he didn't just want it; he required it, at least in his own little mind, and if it meant he would concede to the diaper, this was a small but welcome price to pay for the resulting victory.
He was Mycroft Holmes, and there was no stopping him when national security or the safety of his little brother were at stake.
John and Mary passed through security without trouble and the flight departed on time. Their seats were coach class, and they thus had little space to move, but they still managed to sleep for some of the six hours of their first flight. They had to switch planes once they reached the United States, but their journey still went smoothly. Even so, John could not help a constant glancing behind him. He had to have been doing this every time they turned a corner. His behavior did not take very long to get noticed by Mary.
Three-finger dug in. A rabbit was not the same as the pale whore, but it would do for now. Besides, he was hungry. The clan usually cooked or fried meat before eating it, but Three-finger had always preferred the taste of raw meat. He used more force than necessary when eviscerating the animal, pretending he was doing it to Sawtooth's little plaything. The meat was good; juicy, tender and ripe, just the kind you could expect from a young, healthy rabbit. It certainly tasted a lot better than that nasty blonde whore they feasted on the previous day.
“Smoke,” John realized aloud. “Either a bonfire, or most likely a chimney.”
"I did look through the photos. You were right, there's more to it than just woods out there. I saw the chimney smoke."
“Did you really bring lube with you?” he asked. He should have been annoyed at Sherlock’s planning, but he could not help being amused.
"Mr. Holmes, I'm so glad you could make it!" she said and vigorously shook Sherlock's hand. "I've been trying to talk to the police, but they won't listen, and I really...--" She a suddenly interrupted herself and studied John from head to toe. "And who might you be?"
John glared for a second.
Nasim made a point out of looking straight at the bite mark on the civil servant's hand. "Do we need to worry about more of that?" he asked gravely.
"They don't all look the same. You're just letting it overwhelm you."
learn
Had Mycroft felt a similar anguish following the hours after Sherlock's assault when his little brother was in critical condition? No doubt the Ice-man was more adept at handling stressful situations than John himself, but he must have felt
"Like I said, it's a bit premature to assume anything untoward has happened to her as of yet. Perhaps she got stuck in a queue?"
John stared at him, hard. “Sandwiches,” he repeated.
Sherlock only ever called him by his last name when he was angry with him. Even though he knew that the scolding had been justified, John did not like falling out with Sherlock. While he was sure that they would soon be on speaking terms again, Sherlock was known to hold grudges for a very long time; his relationship with Mycroft was a good example of that. John was not even close to knowing what had caused the rift between the brothers, and since neither was willing to talk about it, it didn't seem like he'd ever find out.
Flashback scene, included as a break from the horrors. :)
He would drown, he realized now. Strangely accepting of his fate, he stopped fighting the stream, instead allowing it to take him below the surface. At least if he died like this, his body had a chance of being discovered and not end up as some fucked up steak tartare for a bunch of sadistic, inbred degenerates. It might not be much, but having a body to bury would at least offer some sense of closure for Harry and the few friends he had left. Closure was always preferable to the ever-present limbo of not knowing what had become of a missing loved one. So in a way he'd been lucky.
“In case an emergency of some sort happens,” the doctor hissed through his teeth. He was beginning to think punching Sherlock would be worth the possible subsequent arrest by police for assault. Instead, he turned back to Mary. “Perhaps it’s better if we rent a car.”
“Knock yourself out,” John said. “I trust you more with that software than myself.” Indeed he did. He had very little experience with photo editing, whereas Mary was a website designer and subsequently a graphic artist.
"Sherlock?" his voice quivered as he spoke.
TBC...
John's jaw quivered and he looked ready to argue otherwise, but then he shook his head and looked back at the shed. Sherlock watched, alternating between disbelief and a lack of surprise as John sat back down, back pressed against the shed's door.
Oddly enough, the detective found no solace in the woman's tears. True, he hated her for having latched onto John and for the possibility that she might take John away for good, but despite everything, Mary was not to blame in this mess. John had,  in a quite literal sense, screwed her over as well.
He chuckled nervously. At least there was that. And no Sherlock. In fact, he was uncertain if Sherlock even knew how to swim. There were surprisingly many menial tasks that the genius did not know how to do, and had no interest in learning.
After at least ten more seconds of gazing at his brother, Mycroft nodded as though in approval, then turned to the doctor.
“Not technically,” John uncomfortably reminded her. “We have company in the other room, and sometimes he doesn’t sleep all through the night.”
He rubbed at his eyes as he thought over the events of the past two days, as well as what else might unfold or need to be dealt with in the near future. Somehow it felt as though the most powerful stimulants, legal or otherwise, would not be enough to fully invigorate him for this disaster.
"What was I supposed to say?" Sherlock spat. "Are you my handler all of a sudden? My nanny? Since when do I have to report to you?"
John decided to let it be and seated himself behind the wheel. Predictably, the GPS refused to reveal any coordinates for the Avalon resort. The biggest town in the area turned out to be Cumberland, Maryland, and he set the GPS to that instead. If things got really bad, they could hopefully at least find a motel.
“And that might be where she went next,” Mary concluded, looking over the doctor’s shoulder. Though he voice was mostly calm, John thought he could hear a tiny trace of anticipation in her voice. Her eagerness seemed genuine, and it stirred a sense of pride in John. The young adventurous boy in him was suddenly excited in the case and wanted her to accompany him in the investigation. An invitation he was sure he would never grant her, for fear of her wellbeing, but it was an amusing thought.
“John,” Mary interrupted. “We’d better go.” She pointed at the gate, where the line was beginning to thin. Sighing, John removed his own passport, ticket and boarding pass.
The younger Holmes had already cheated death on far too many occasions, and every time he had miraculously come out unscathed, or at least without acquiring lasting damage. That, Mycroft realized, was not strictly true. Certain events, some of which happened quite early in his relatively short life, had left Sherlock with permanent and incurable psychological scars.
"Well, he's still stable, all of his vital signs are very good," the doctor replied. "There was even a moment of consciousness..."
John was listening, though he did not appear to be. Eyes squeezed shut to block the tears from their release, he breathed slowly, trembling. Sherlock took a cautious, quick look past their impromptu hiding place, and ducked back again to find John muttering some unintelligible chant under his breath. He listened closer, wondering if his assistant had inconveniently checked out emotionally, and realized what he was hearing:
All mine now, he thought, prodding at the bruised lips. The possibilities were endless. He could do whatever he wanted with the little whore... Anything...
The detective, whose sleeping body was growing increasingly aware of the searing sunburns covering a large portion of his skin, had rolled over to his side to relieve the pressure on his enflamed back.
Using both hands had kept him from hurting himself, but not the same could be said for the mountain man. Whether or not the move had hurt it the detective did not know, but it was at least thrown off balance, and Sherlock took this opportunity, no matter how brief, to turn and retreat.
Mycroft held out the sleeves of the pyjama top to facilitate his brother's dressing, despite the fact that William had been able to dress himself since he was three and never hesitated reminding him of it. Indeed, the boy's small fingers demonstrated advanced levels of dexterity, sleekly moving across the buttons of his pajamas with speed and accuracy unparalleled within his peer group. So why was William unable to learn to control his bladder? His little brother was a frustrating mystery of contradictions, and Mycroft didn't like mysteries. Not the ones he was unable to solve, anyway.
Feeling resolute again, John returned to his digging. Though the sun was rising and giving him a better view of his progress, dawn was beginning to make him nervous. He had not heard their captors for quite some time, which meant they were possibly sleeping. What exactly was the cycle of their sleep? Would they be waking again soon?
Despite the summer weather, Sherlock still brought his coat with him. At least being in a nudist colony meant that he would not be wearing it. He might have additionally experienced a heat stroke, were that the case.
No way we'll be getting the deposit back on the rental, she thought. Were the circumstances different, she might have laughed.
"John, please…"
"If Mrs. Cavanaugh had an affair, this bed has not been used for their activities."
TBC...
Both Sawtooth and Three-finger were already frustrated when they arrived home. They had gone downriver to search for the chubby Outsider, but instead of the waterlogged corpse they had expected to recover, they found no trace of their prey. Either the river's current had taken him much further than preconceived (and much faster at that), or the Outsider had somehow managed to break free and escape... and both hunters seriously doubted the latter.
“Lack of…” he echoed. “Did you…” He rubbed at his face for a moment, as though letting the actual words sink into his skin. “It’s a nudist resort.”
“I’m in no mood to give any,” he calmly stated. “I just want to touch you.”
"Save it, John," Sherlock snapped back. "Care alone won't bring Mary back to you. I've been doing some research that will hopefully bring our case forward."
“Lovely,” Sherlock said in false enthusiasm.
"The cabin is there," the detective insisted. "Behind that hilltop. I've never been more sure of anything in my life."
"Anything?" she asked, practically holding her breath for an answer.
The true horrors begin when Sherlock and John are caught...
Still thrown off focus by the sight, the nurse pointed vaguely behind her.
Though the airport was loud and busy, a male voice shouting “OH BLOODY HELL!” rang out amidst the crowd, turning numerous heads. Sherlock calmly strode over to the couple as though he had not heard John’s outburst.
"We haven't been out that long," Sherlock retorted.
It possessed a great amount of self-control, Three-finger had to admit that. Most other prey would be blubbering and crying by now, yanking at their bonds and attempting to kick and bite anyone who approached. This one at least knew well enough to save its energy.
More unpleasantness ahead! If you're a sensitive person, please proceed with caution.
"Uh huh!" the nasal voice drawled, and the boy was gone in a brief smattering of muddy footsteps. John had begun to ignore his would-be saviors somewhere at the middle of their brief talk and was desperately willing his limbs to cooperate with his brain. He was beginning to think he had been paralyzed until he finally managed to gather himself into a foetal position.
Sherlock counted the seconds between John finally leaving and the first of the deranged inbreeds showing up, and if perception of time was still accurate (he believed so, despite the pain eating away at both his body and mind) his calculations told him John definitely had a chance.
"I know how my brother's mind works," Mycroft explained. "If I let you remain here, it will be much more difficult to make him focus on the person he needs to be focusing on, namely me."
"No, we've already examined it, and it's a dead end," the detective murmured, his brow furrowed deep in concentration. "We should follow these tracks instead."
Granted they were at a nudist resort, but John did not fancy the idea of roaming the woods without a stitch of clothing. Sherlock previous attempt had also ended in misery for everyone involved. John thought with some regret that unless Sherlock had scorched his skin in the sun and collapsed from dehydration and fatigue, John would never have had to discover his use of antipsychotics, which then led to his trying to offer Sherlock console (and the detective accepting it), which in turn led to an illicit roll in the hay. The Butterfly Effect, as it were.
“I’m going out,” she simply said. Though still in a daze from the alcohol, the shock had sobered her temporarily.
“More snakes, mosquitos… uncouth locals.”
Hands over his face in frustration and embarrassment, John desperately tried to get the words out.
That whore seemed to cause more and more trouble the longer they held it, he thought bitterly. And even more likely, its plump little companion had survived its escape and told the piggies. His grip tightened on the shotgun, and he resisted the urge to furiously shoot the damnable thing down from the sky. Instead he turned about and ran as fast as he could, straight back to the cabin.
“How was the casino?” he finally asked, desperate to sound casual. Instead he sounded like an idiot… or a smug bastard.
"Someone was watching her," Sherlock said. John inwardly confessed that he felt the same breed of satisfaction his partner presently felt as well, that sense that they had uncovered another piece of the puzzle.
"I'm not you, Sherlock," John said with a sigh. "I can't know what's wrong unless you talk to me."
"Why was I not called?" The civil servant interrupted him. "You were to contact me if anything important occur, and Sherlock regaining consciousness, much less waking in distress is important."
"Oh, he'll be fine," John replied with a smile. "He's been figuring everything out on his own."
He dashed back out again, only to collapse just within the couple’s sight.  John bolted upwards while Mary made a peculiar surprised shout, and they both hurried over. As annoying as Sherlock was, they did not want him passing out and hitting his head, or falling into the pool.
TBC...
Sherlock wakes up, confused and agitated, and we learn some more about his elusive past.
"They've got your girlfriend," the detective replied. "I thought you were interested in rescuing her?"
"The institution where Dr. Watson is located is a disgrace," Mycroft interjected. "Send Sherlock to the Maryland hospital."
“This is your case, not mine,” John said, glaring. “If the case really is that important. Why are you out here, really?”
"A very badly chosen time to go on a vacation," Sherlock quickly interjected. "Considering we've got a new case!"
John glanced back at Sherlock once more, and saw the way his friend gritted his teeth, glaring at their captors. Despite their horror, both doctor and detective shared in the anger of the idea of harm directed toward the other. Still, though he looked desperate to speak (a silent Sherlock Holmes was a rare thing indeed) John's friend remained silent. Any other individual might start begging, but not Sherlock. Even if they could understand English, what was the use of reasoning with monsters like these?
Sherlock ploughed on and only stopped when John insisted he rehydrate, and even then John nearly had to shove the bottle of water into the consulting detective's mouth. The second time he offered his water, Sherlock refused, but only because he saw something further down the road, and he bolted onward, wordless in his expectation of his assistant to follow. Chasing after him, the source of Sherlock's interest soon became clear to John. In the distance were the familiar colors and shapes of cars.
Only when the noises took on a decidedly angry tone did John give in and finally head down to check on his friend, flatmate and occasionally lover. Sherlock had been known to hurt himself before during his tantrums and not notice it until later, if he ever did.
Oh, Sherlock. Sherlock.
“Does he?” she finally asked after a few minutes of silence.
The pair headed back the way they had come, confident that the river would finish the job for them. There was no way the wounded, fat little man would escape the current. His body might be washed up on the bank further down the river or found floating by some Outsiders, perhaps tomorrow, in a week, or even a month, but there would be nothing on him that could possibly be tracked back to the clan. If anything, Sawtooth was sad to lose the meat. The plump one, if utilized to full extent, could have fed the three hunters for close to a fortnight.
He still wants to kill me, Sherlock concluded. He wants to, but he won't dare go against the alpha, not after what happened. But why?
Rumors travelled fast in a place like this, and no doubt many of them had heard gossip of the English detective with the keen, piercing blue eyes and deep, sultry voice that had arrived in their little community. A pair of teenage girls lounging about by the outdoor pool went into a giggling fit when he walked by, their heads together as they whispered and guffawed in a way that was downright rude, not to mention unladylike.
"My brother has feelings for you, and has had them for some time," Mycroft said. "Surely this can't come as a complete surprise?"
Facing away from his friend, he was surprised, but nonetheless pleased, when Sherlock wrapped one long, slender arm around his waist and interlaced their fingers. He wasn't sure if the sudden proof of affection from his friend stemmed from vulnerability or guilt, or something else entirely, but now was not the time to analyse it further. Made drowsy by his orgasm, John welcomed sleep when it finally came to him.
Something else that struck him as odd was the big man's jerky gait, his childlike laughter, and the candid look of joy on his face as he swung the axe around, seemingly on random, with what could only be described as great enthusiasm.
John desperately tried to think of names of bones or muscles, but his mind was giving up on attempting any sort of focus. He could feel the pull of sleep closing its steely fingers around him, making him numb to the outside world.
Mary kicked at the wretched creature and caught him clean in the face. Her only regret was the fact that she was wearing Converse sneakers rather than stiletto heels, but she was nonetheless proud of the force behind the kick. Her attacker staggered back for a moment, clearly surprised by her ferociousness, but he did not howl or cry out, as one might expect from a fellow who had just received a vicious kick to the head. A trail of blood leaked from his aquiline nose, staining the few misshaped teeth he had left, but he quickly returned, wearing an expression on his scarred, deformed face which suggested he did not simply want to kill her, or rape her, but literally gnaw the flesh off her bones. He was actually salivating.
Three-finger himself had cut the whore's throat and watched her choke and gurgle on her own life fluid moments before she gave up the ghost and passed from this world. He had regarded with great interest and intensity as her eyes clouded over and the look in them became glassy and distant. She had large eyes, not the same bold blue as the scrawny whore, but a beautiful colour nonetheless. No one in the clan was ever born with blue eyes. It was a trait that only occurred in Outsiders with a pasty complexion.
"Shall we move Mr. Watson to the same hospital?" Anthea asked.
"Sherlock," he whispered. "We may have enough room to get out."
The doctor rolled his eyes at the remark. He yawned, and immediately felt the shift on the mattress of Sherlock sitting up and pulling a sheet over their bodies. John was grateful for the cover; now that they were no longer otherwise occupied, his self-consciousness over his body was gradually returning.
"Has Sherlock ever told you about our father's death?"
"Yes, he's alive. His current condition requires privacy."
"I see, Missy." The orthopedic surgeon smiled in the cautious manner of someone used to delivering less-than-stellar news. "You're a rock, but I'll take it over from here."
Standing over his bed was Mycroft Holmes. He did not look happy, not one bit. John had a feeling he knew why, but he was presently too buggered up to figure it out.
“He knows,” John replied.  “And he’s very sorry. He’s a little touched in the head.”
"This is recent, of course," Sherlock noted aloud, "based on the blood alone."
a phone
“That depends on how much sleep I get tonight,” John responded with a frown.
"How about you, John?" the younger man asked in an obvious attempt to steer conversation away from himself. "I saw what they did to you, with that awl."
"Mycroft," he muttered, pain evident in his voice, though whether the pain was physical or otherwise was not yet known to his elder brother. Though is attempts at speech were greatly hindered by his trauma, his sibling caught enough of the word to decipher it.
John was the first to awake the following morning, the sun hardly yet illuminating the sky. Sherlock had to have still been asleep, as no noises of the detective's usual bored activities could be heard through his closed door. No banging on walls, no dangerous experiments involving any household products he could find in the lodge... John opened the door as carefully and quietly as possible, peeked inside, and saw his partner curled up in a foetal position, limbs twisted in bedcovers as though he had lost a fight with them.
“You said it, not me.”
John lifted an eyebrow, knowing who the correspondent was. “Has Mycroft sent anyone to retrieve you?”
John was starting to feel numb all over from the fear. He heard his clothes rip before he felt them yanked from his body. Even so, he preferred the bastards play with him instead of Sherlock. Not that he expected them to ignore Sherlock entirely, but he would rather he took the worst of it.
"They're flatmates, nothing more, and John Watson has no legal right to information regarding my brother's state of health or the course of treatment chosen for him!" Mycroft growled. He was quickly becoming angry, and felt a rush of heat flowing to his face, most likely making his ginger skin glow bright pink. It was why he, under normal circumstances, preferred to wear makeup during public appearances. Anything, even a subtle change in room temperature, could make him break out into a sweat as well as a furious flush, and a man who was sweating could easily be perceived to be hiding emotional turmoil. While Mycroft had long since learned to control his emotional displays, the same thing could not be said for his bodily functions.
"Focus," Sherlock repeated, his eye contact firm and unmoving. John nodded and shut his eyes, clearing his mind and attempting to regain a sense of calm.
"He's given a continuous flow of morphine in his IV," Nasim replied. "When he wakes up, the pain should be under control."
"That is not true." Despite valiant attempts to keep his voice from shaking, Sherlock failed.
Minding his broken forearm, Sherlock turned as he was pushed to his side and subsequently onto his stomach, only able to hear his keeper instead of seeing him. Not much of an improvement, as he could still smell the stench and feel the prodding of that repulsive erection.
No! John refused to think it. Instead he continued his run into the woods surrounding the cabin grounds. He could hear that... thing following him, deep, gravelly voice laughing like a child as it lumbered along. Careening into the undergrowth and feeling the scrape of shrubbery against his skin, John glanced back only briefly, worried he might stumble or collide with a tree or low hanging branch. Though large and bulky in stature, the freakish man was still fast. John could only hope that he might be able to outmaneuver his attacker - or even better, outsmart it. If so, the doctor would have to think fast and hope he could keep his bearings better than a criminal who had been living in these woods all its life.
Sherlock snorted. "Please! You give yourself way too much credit, John. You didn't 'hack' anything. The password had already been entered. You simply clicked 'log in'."
“Yes, but somehow I was under the impression that I was predominantly straight. Ugghh…” He dropped his head against Sherlock again, causing the detective to wince. “I might be the worst gay man ever.”
“He’s going to need some help back to the lodge,” John said, his tone almost apologetic. Mary rested her hands on her hips as she watched the pair hobble towards the door, but she finally hurried over to them, grabbing the camera bag, towels, and John’s robe, allowing him a better grip on Sherlock. John was starting to lose count as to how often he felt like garbage towards her.
Damn it, he had even forgotten to bring his Swiss army knife. The astoundingly clever piece of equipment lay unused in his suitcase; his original reason for bringing it having been a desire to impress Mary by showing her how good he was with tools, but it was useful for a lot more things than he had anticipated. Like picking a lock. John doubted Sherlock had brought his lock picking kit, useful though it might be.
yourself
When the child finally turned to meet his gaze, the embarrassment was heavy in his eyes.
“This is where she usually parks,” Bobbi said, pointing to a corner of the parking lot. Peculiarly enough, it was still empty despite the length of time the woman had been gone.
He blurrily watched the three mountain man retire to their beds, the leader getting his own while the idiot and psycho shared another. Seemingly in but a few minutes, they had fallen asleep while Sherlock lay on the floor in the dark, wide awake.
Sherlock immediately scoffed at his own thinking. "Logical reasons" and these beasts should not be mentioned in the same sentence.
"Whatever you decide on, get on with it!" Mary snapped irritably after Sherlock had spent over an hour trying to calculate the fastest route to the resort via the GPS system in his phone. For some reason, the machine would not cooperate.
"It seems you two have some things to sort out," the elder Holmes said. "So I'll leave you to it. I myself have a meeting to attend in fifteen minutes."
"I had a nightmare," the boy explained, as if rationalizing the embarrassing phenomenon of bed wetting would somehow make a difference. William had memorized most of the period table of elements and already mastered basic algebra while his peers struggled to learn the alphabet, and yet he remained unable to control his bladder. Oh, the irony…
"Sherlock, did you pack any double-A batteries?" John asked, but he could already guess the answer.
"You didn't know that would happen. Even you can't predict the future," John objected.
Mary chuckled and gave him a little kiss on the nose. “He’s a very bad influence on you.”
"Yes?"
The whore cried and clawed at the floor, struggling to escape, but in vain. The commotion woke One-Eye, though the big oaf did not seem to mind. He watched the torment for a short while, then simply got up and went looking about in a pile of clutter for something to bide his time with until Three-finger returned.
Sherlock removed his ticket and boarding pass, and John wished he could have slapped that smug grin from his partner’s face.
"I intend to find their nest and search it through. Look for anything that could be used to incriminate them." Like a body, or remains of one, he thought, but did not say it out loud, as he suspected Ferguson did not want to think of her friend in such terms.
"And?"
"You can't orgasm?"
"Sherlock!" John whispered after nearly tripping in his attempts to keep up with his long-legged partner's strides. "You're hurting me."
"Hold still, sir," someone said above him. Paramedic? He opened his eyes and saw the blur of a blue shirt before closing them again from the dizzy sensation that washed over him.
John pursed his lips. “What stuff?”
"The what?" Ferguson said interrupting his train of thought.
A fracture, the detective instantly deduced, and a familiar one at that. Sebastian Moran had already done his best to grind that particular bone to pulp ten years ago and managed to break it in two places. The arm had held together reasonably well with the help of a surgically inserted titanium screw, but taking the brunt of such a ferocious attack turned out to be too much, even for said piece of near-indestructible metal.
he woke up. Despite the tentatively positive odds, Mycroft Holmes was a man who knew better than to rely solely on hope. Hope could devastate you.
The giant tucked himself back into his trousers without wiping his soiled penis. Sherlock made no attempts to rise, even though the crushing weight was momentarily taken off of him. John could hear him quietly sobbing into the sullied mattress.
The giant: size, weight, brute strength, experience. But his size is also a drawback, as well as his advanced age. A son challenging his father for leadership? The small one: fast, agile, dexterous, and quick-witted, but psychotic. The last can work as an advantage as well as a disadvantage. Not nearly as strong as the giant, naturally, and he's used to bending to his father's will. Will he this time?
Bobbi Ferguson was a heavyset woman in her late fifties with dyed blonde hair and a thick layer of make up on her face. She was nude, like the other visitors by the pool, but her hands were adorned with various rings and bracelets.
"The surgery went well, and your brother is in recovery," she said, fingering the stethoscope around her neck. The British government official exhaled almost inaudibly.
Chapter 35
The team kept their weapons up and Mycroft in their midst as they approached the cabin. The grounds were alarmingly quiet, though this could have been simply that no one remained. And by no one, did that also entail Sherlock?
"You may leave. No, let me rephrase that. I want you to leave. At once."
"You were thinking about it. It's no use denying it."
He was alert enough to catch the nod one of the medivac crew gave toward him when greeting a nurse. She promptly approached the civil servant, and he immediately prepared himself to stand his ground no matter the issue. In fact he had a very good idea as to what the problem was.
"I did not fly over here to work on a case," he snapped, shoving Sherlock's hand and the phone away. "And since when are you talking cases in America?"
“For now, let’s just enjoy each other’s company…?” he said, taking her hand. She nodded, nuzzling him until their lips met. John relaxed a little, fumbling with his caresses, but otherwise alright… until his belly touched her. His body tensed up, an action not missed by Mary, who cupped his face.
“Shall we take off?” Sherlock asked.
“You were different,” he finally said, though he could tell from the look in Sherlock’s eyes that the detective knew he had hit a nerve.
John turned his head to look into the closet space. All of Mary's clothes, as well as her luggage bags, were still within. John stared mutely at the items for a few very long seconds while his over-worked and agitated brain did its best to process the sight and how it was connected to Mary's absence. The good news was that she had apparently not left for England in a fit of rage, but the bad news was that they had no idea where she'd gone.
Sherlock was, from a single look in his direction, able to deduce the outcome of the evening and gleefully shouted deductions from his small laboratory set up on the kitchen table, until John could not take it anymore and retreated, wordlessly, into his bedroom. He had prepared for a lonely, sleepless night in misery, but sometime later, with John still wakeful, Sherlock crept into the bed, naked, all lips and hands and cock, blissfully silent except for occasional gasps and groans. John had welcomed the contact, clinging to Sherlock while the detective fucked him, and almost-crying against his long neck. His own cock had kept up, despite the multiple beers, and he came practically in tandem with Sherlock.
"Mr. Holmes," he greeted the Englishman, "your request to revive your brother has been approved."
"You had him put away, for one. Ten years is a lot of time. He--"
"You idiot," Sherlock hissed, pulling them down behind the rental so roughly that both would have bruises. "You'll alert them to our presence!"
The little boy quickly crossed the distance to his older sibling's bed and unashamedly shook the considerably larger body bundled up underneath the comforter. Mycroft emitted a long-suffering groan and turned around, slowly reaching for the nightlight. William was so… bold. At almost five, he should have picked up on the idea of boundaries and personal space by now, but he behaved every day as if such didn't exist. At least in regard to Mycroft.
He looked back up at the closed door that Sherlock had disappeared behind. The lodge was silent once again, no sounds coming from either bedroom, be they muffled or not. Any brief notion of bunking with Sherlock as opposed to taking up a spot on the sofa was no longer worth consideration.
John decided to use a bit more force to still her roaming hand and simultaneously withdrew from the embrace. "Not here, Mary. We could get arrested."
“There’s a USB cord in the bag,” Sherlock continued. “We can hook it up to the laptop.”
John pretended he had not heard his partner’s answer. With their carry-on luggage and boarding papers, they proceeded towards the plane.
Think like a cat, John's sister had once said when they were children trying to sneak a pastry from their mother's kitchen counter. Except this time he and Sherlock would not alert a stern mother but homicidal lunatics.
"What was the extent of his injuries when you last saw him?"
A scream echoed through the trees, and a familiar scream at that. One of the pair had stepped in a bear trap. Sawtooth hoped this meant the downed man's companion would linger in an attempt to help free him. Past victims usually did.
“I’d rather not discuss the images,” John said. “Not presently. This is a tender subject, but it needs to be addressed.”
"Don't touch me, John.
So... Sherlock was not the only one John had reduced to tears this evening.
TBC...
"Right, John?"
Sherlock could remember the sour, acrid stink of Sebastian's sweat, present whenever he blew up in heated anger and became violent. He could detect a similar scent in the air now, but did it originate from the colonel or someone else?
John's question was met with a scoff from the red-haired man. "Not I, Doctor. I work for the government. I would never have been granted security clearance if I'd had a mental illness. But our father."
The connection between the tube and the disturbed soil shot through Mycroft's brain quicker than lightning.
TBC...
The cackling of the mountain man pinning him rang in his ears. He hated looking at the leering faces around him, so he turned his head, glancing beyond the giant. He wished he had not. Behind the leader was a wooden counter, draped with a weather resistant tarp. In the center lay a putrid disembodied head with familiar blonde hair.
The doctor's diagnosis was confirmed when he watched Sherlock lean forward to catch some of the shower drops on his tongue. The medical man in John responded in a flash, reciting the Latin names of at least ten pathogenic micro organisms that could potentially be found in the water.
"I'm fine," he muttered as someone placed a hand on his arm, clearly to lead him toward the helicopter. He struggled to maintain his icy frontage as he watched Sherlock, oxygen mask in place, get gingerly placed on a gurney. "I will walk there myself."
The doctor put his hands over his own face, taking a deep breath. He was too exhausted and too damned angry for this.
"Come on, I didn't mean it like that. Unless you've noticed, we do live together as well as work together. It would do us both good to spend some time apart."
"Yes, that's what I came to inform you about. Because Mr. Holmes is not conscious, we need your consent to proceed with the following procedure."
"So the cops think Sarah's left because of Rich. But I don't buy that. She'd never leave without letting me know where she's going. We've always told each other everything. Something happened to her. I know it!"
“This looks more like someone was doing their calculus homework than directions!” she exclaimed.
"And how do you propose we get that?" Bobbi asked.
"You don't even care, do you?" John spat out, furious at his partner's impassive and callous behaviour. "'A brain without a heart', that's what someone said to describe you, and they're bloody right!"
"There is no "but". I really do want to." He swallowed nervously, trying desperately to re-moisturize his suddenly parched throat. What he was about to say was one of the most embarrassing things that could happen to a man, but Mary needed to be reassured that the problem was his, and his alone.
"Mary! She's---"
"William," Mycroft hissed, his voice low and quiet despite its sharpness. "Our father will wake and he will seek us out if you carry on like this."
Now John was angry on top of every other emotion currently plaguing him. His infamous temper flared like a beacon, and he wrote one word, two letters, both capitalized, before practically throwing the notepad at Mycroft.
Almost as though fate had granted him a favor, John spotted something only a few paces away. Even in this poor light, he could see it. The tree stump had several ugly marks in it already, and hopefully the damage in the wood indicated that the axe presently lodged into it was very sharp. He nearly gave into the impulse of running straight out into the open to snatch the newfound weapon, but he restrained himself at the last possible moment. Being cautious was vital now, with every move he made. John listened again, desperately hoping he was not about to run straight into the welcoming arms - or shotgun as it were - of an unseen attacker. He peered into the darkness, seeing nothing and no one.
There was a pause before the detective gave any sort of response.
Chapter 31
She might be dead and thus beyond rescue, but he did not want to treat her remains like trash to simply be dumped and left behind. At the very least her parents - whom he had sadly never gotten to meet - deserved to get back an actual body for a proper burial, and that would be far from certain if they left her to these animals.
The detective nodded mutely. He was still subdued, maybe even downcast, when compared to his usual hypo-manic self, but at least he had come out of his room and willingly talked with John. It was progress.
He was ambivalent - as he often had been in the ways of the Americans - about his trust in the medical system of this shoddy area. On the one hand, he surmised he would not be shocked at any mistakes by the staff, but on the other, he hoped that they would be at least be bloody professional about it.
“No,” John shook his head. “No, I’m not sensationalizing anything. I came with you because I wanted to. Yes, I’ve had problems. But you were the one I wanted to solve those problems for.”
And it was online.
A small ray of hope seemed to pierce through the desolation in Bobbi's eyes. "Is that really true?" she asked tentatively.
"Am I alive?" he wanted to ask, but he was unable to. Damned ventilator. His failed attempts at speech were not lost on the elder Holmes.
"Come on," he breathed, reaching out his hands, and Sherlock took them without hesitation, grimacing while twisting his long body to fit through the narrow opening John had created. It was obvious that the movement hurt him greatly, but not a sound escaped Sherlock's lips as he - gracefully, despite the state of him - slid over to the doctor's side of the pen.
John did not bother asking how Sherlock knew such a thing, not when his partner was the master of deducing the seemingly unknowable from people, and especially not when the hyperactive behavior of said freakish individual made the deduction so obvious. He nearly asked Sherlock how they might get the boards loose without making much noise, but he took a deep breath and examined the quandary himself. The wood gauge was still in his hand, and as he rolled it in his fingers, he happened to glance at the nails in the wood.
Oh stop it! John berated himself. Sherlock managed to survive thirty years without you to watch over him. Surely he'll get through another week.
“We also took a look at her former parking space. Not much there, though, not to my surprise.” Reaching one end of the pool, he gripped the edge. “Sherlock and I had a bit of a row.”
Finally opening his eyes, he grimaced, horrible unavoidable reality crashing down around him.
The hand fiddling with the lock, she realized, only had three fingers, and the skin was scarred and blemished, practically knotted in places, the fingernails scraggly and long, claw-like. The creature was human, but just barely. It made another maniacal, high-pitched cackling sound as it finally managed to unlock the door and reached to open it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "You can either shout at me and call me a heartless wretch, or you can come look at my findings. Which is it?"
It recoiled from him when he reached toward it to pluck away the duct tape covering its mouth, and he could tell from the look the Outsider gave him that it had no clue what was going on. Three-finger smiled, holding out the bottle containing the poisonous liquid. The whore regarded him with confusion and suspicion. Then it slowly dawned on their captive that he was expected to drink from the bottle, and immediately the thing began to shake its head.
Sherlock withdrew from the construction of his mind and re-entered the physical world, albeit reluctantly. He knew what was awaiting him there, and he preferably would have wanted to die rather than face his repulsive captors again. Sadly he could not will himself dead, despite some previous displays of impressive control over his bodily functions.
"So what, it's a tube."
None of which was new or unknown to Mycroft. He had seen the state of Sherlock's abused body with his own two eyes, after all.
"Yes, I know!" John snapped. Just when they had some peace on this trip... "Mary," he said carefully. "Let's go outside for a moment."
Mycroft had reflexively pressed a hand to his mouth to block out the nauseating smell, but his eyes had never stopped observing. Fly larvae were crawling about in abundance in what remained of the rotting flesh, and their current size gave Mycroft an estimate of the time of death. No more than 48 hours, likely no less than 36. Not Sherlock then. John Watson's account of the events confirmed the younger Holmes to be alive less than 24 hours ago.
"Oh yes, very much," John said quickly, hoping that Mycroft would not be able to make any brilliant deductions from just seeing a somewhat blurry representative of his face. No body language or other non-verbal signals. Maybe he had a chance.
“And he’ll be a massive infant about it,” John said, browsing the images on the software. His statement had no annoyance or worry about them. He knew how Sherlock would behave for a fact, and nothing would stop it. Short of a powerful sedative, anyway.
100 milligrams of what?
John sprang to his feet as soon as he was certain the two mountain men were out of hearing range and sprinted the short distance over to the cabin. Still no sounds came from within, so if Sherlock was alive, he was either unconscious or had been silenced some other way. John winced at the thought of what those animals could have done to his friend in such a short time nonetheless.
He left Sherlock's hospital room in search for Anthea, whom he found calmly pacing the corridor by the nurse's station. She for once did not have her phone out, which suggested that she had heard the racket going on in Sherlock's hospital room and was expecting to be approached by her employer. Mycroft gave her a quick once-over before getting straight down to business. He did not attempt to conceal his bloodied shirt or hand, knowing that Anthea, ever perceptive despite her nonchalant disposition, was going to notice anyway.
He could hear the rumbling drone of some kind of machine, which immediately suggested the presence of some kind of appliance, likely a freezing unit. Otherwise, he doubted they would be able to hold onto meat as long as they wanted, given the waiting period for taking victims.
Sherlock tried to lift his hands in order to feel his surroundings and thereby hoping to gain information that his eyes currently weren't able to provide through his other senses. A sharp, stabbing pain shot through his right arm, and the detective realized the limb was much heavier than usual and also slow to respond to commands from his brain. Now on the verge of panic, Sherlock began to trash about, desperate to free himself from the equipment restricting his mobility.
“I’m sure,” John replied. Mary’s smile became a little sadder, but he gave him an affectionate kiss on the nose.
The woman nodded and went to retrieve her sandals. John was grateful that his request had not led to a verbal argument, although it made his heart constrict when he saw how deflated Mary looked and probably felt as she almost dragged her feet toward the door.
The grasping, sweaty hand began to travel further towards Sherlock's groin, as though the idiot was inspecting some fascinating new thing. Though the mountain man was no doubt exposed to victims and the abuse of said victims for years, Sherlock hardly thought the other members of the clan would encourage someone of this intellect to join in. Still, this mangy oaf still likely had sexual parts, unless the generations of inbreeding had done otherwise. Perhaps that was why so few were left.
"Thank you," he said curtly.
"That's hardly the point. I still... kind of betrayed your trust."
The woman gave a short bark of laughter which contained no mirth whatsoever. "You really must think I'm stupid, don't you? I saw the bloody condom, you cheating bastard! Are you going to keep lying to me and think I'll buy your pathetic excuses?"
"It has to," John said, fighting back the dread of the situation. "All of the things we've done, the times I've hallucinated some hellhound, thought I was about to be blown up... I've never been so afraid... when someone I care about is hurt..."
“Asking will only stroke his ego, so it’s best not to bother. Want me to put away your bag?”
"That will do," he finally acquiesced, standing up slowly so as not to make himself dizzy. "I need that time to better compose myself. To think."
If I even go, John considered saying. But again, he did not feel like getting into another argument.
But he was not in a closet now. The smell was all wrong. Closets usually smelled of shoe polish, starch and old mothballs, not... iodoform and rubbing alcohol. A hospital, then. St. Barts?
Mycroft arched one finely plucked eyebrow. "No? Then you're going to have to give me something a bit more tangible, Doctor Watson. How about a location?"
Sherlock remembered the first time Sebastian beat him up with shocking detail and clarity; at such times an eidetic memory was definitely more of a curse than a gift, and this was a particular piece of information his brain had not managed to delete, despite repeated attempts.
It was their rental car, dumped on this field amongst dozens of other confiscated vehicles left to corrode and deteriorate, their owners abducted, sometimes killed or severely wounded on location if the blood stains were anything to go on.
Realizing he had forgotten a towel, John hurried back to the lodge to retrieve one. The resort expressly forbade wearing swimsuits, but he would be obscuring himself with both his towel and his robe.
Mary smirked and played along, whispering back. “Why is that such a scandalous thing suddenly? Oh wait, let me guess… you broke in, didn’t you?”
John looked up, jarred out of his sour thoughts by his girlfriend’s voice. “Pardon?”
"One week, Sherlock. That's all I asked for. It's not like I was going away forever. I just wanted a small breather."
Anthea asked no questions, and not quite two minutes later, Mycroft was holding a paper cup full of steaming hot coffee, which he experimentally sipped once it had cooled down to sustainable levels. His PA dutifully stood by him, obviously awaiting further instructions. Mycroft had a feeling she wanted to tell him something.
A mosquito whined in his ear, causing him to reflexively swat, and he moved on, this time to the beds. Only two were present, and they further strengthened his suspicion of the group being relatively few in number, unless they shared sleeping space.
"It could be too late," Sherlock broke in. "They probably already suspect that we're on their tail, and by the time we've managed to convince the incompetent fools with the so-called local police force that there are murderous mountain men roaming the woods, they'll be long gone. And Mary will be dead."
“Paranoid?” she asked, tugging on the arm locked in hers.
"This looks like the place," John announced, looking back and forth from the camera to his and Sherlock's surroundings. "Then again, all of the trees are starting to look the same."
"BP 80 over 40, this man's lost a lot of blood," a male voice said, and another one responded.
Not until he saw the reflection of sunlight did he look closer. It could have been from a body of water, but…
"I think, Miss Ferguson… that you may have to prepare for the worst."
Even so, he despaired at the absence of the beast's two relatives. He did not need to be a detective or a genius to know where they were going, and what they would do when they reached their destination.
Sherlock gave a short, dry bark of laughter. "Not much in the way of mountains in England," he said. "But I think I know the kind you're referring to."
Finding her body had already sent the gentle doctor to the brink of mental collapse. Knowing she was tortured as well might have been a blow John could never recover from.
"John? John!" Sherlock's voice broke through the doctor's dark thoughts and momentarily drew him back to their present location. The younger man's smooth, cool hands enveloped John's flushed, sweating face and turned his head up toward Sherlock's own. The detective's pale blue eyes held John's firmly.
"It might not even be him," she offered weakly. "We mustn't assume…"
Three-finger regretted having to chase One-Eye away from their new plaything, but the big oaf was unpredictable and there was a chance he'd cause the scrawny whore some irreparable damage if left unattended. Sawtooth had made things very clear earlier. He did not want One-Eye to play with their captive, and Three-finger did not want his little brother to be punished for breaking their father's rules.
But Sherlock continued to squirm beneath him like a slithering snake. A spray of tiny blood droplets hit the civil servant's sleeve when the catheter inserted into the back of Sherlock's hand was forcefully yanked out. Mycroft swore under his breath.
Sherlock thought he might have blacked out from the pain, because the sudden presence of the man-child's relatives remained undetected by him until the giant leader stepped right into view. He growled and shoved the heavy oaf off of their quarry and was soon joined by the smallest, who closely inspected the leg which still sat in the grip of iron jaws. The scrawny madman was soaked through, clearly having gone into the distant river. John was not with them presently, but blood still decorated wet overalls. Sherlock's powers of deduction were beginning to suffer from his current state, and rational thoughts of reassurance made way for the awful fear that his best friend was now dead.
The other two are nowhere near as fast as John, he reminded himself. If only he could avert the small one's attention long enough to secure John's freedom…
The scrawny one's eyes were shut, but they snapped open when Sawtooth grasped his hanging, naked body and pawed at it unashamedly. The man writhed from disgust, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down in a way that was almost comical. The moment his lips parted to suck in some well-needed air, Sawtooth grasped the opportunity to shove two large fingers deep down the man's throat.
William was such a strange little creature, small and frail like a baby bird with pale, almost translucent skin and a body that perpetually failed to keep him sufficiently heated. The heaviest part of the boy was undoubtedly his head, made to look even larger by his thick, voluminous dark curls, and there were times when Mycroft wondered how his brother was even able to keep his head upright.
John did not hesitate to envelop Sherlock in his arms as soon as it became physically possible. After last night's horrific turn of events he had not dared to hope he would ever be allowed to touch the other man again, to feel him, and if this was his last chance to do so, he intended to make the most of it. Sherlock accepted the embrace but hardly returned it. Leaning his head against John's neck for a moment, he then pried loose the arms desperately clutching him.
these are the rules of the hospital. Everyone has to follow them." The hard lines on Missy's face momentarily deepened, and her shoulders bunched up. Clearly she was preparing herself for a confrontation, perhaps even a physical one. Mycroft wasn't all that surprised at the nurse's readiness to handle conflict. This was a rural area and this woman had dealt with her share of difficult patients and family members alike, drunken rednecks demanding privileges they were not entitled to. He could almost sympathize.
"Earl Grey, hot, milk, and a teaspoon of honey."
When he returned from the kitchenette with two cups of coffee, one black and the other one black with three sugars, the laptop once again held Sherlock's undivided attention. The detective's keen eyes were fixed on something that on first glance appeared to be just a random collection of pixels in various shades of green. Sherlock had opened one of Sarah Cavanaugh's photographs and was zooming in on the area in the top right corner.
Smiling, John nuzzled against the younger man as he placed an arm over a bare, pink chest. Resting his head on the detective’s shoulder did not seem to bother Sherlock, so he remained where he was. Silence followed for the next few minutes.
"Stay still," the stranger known as Jed - God, how predictable - advised him. "Don't move now. Ya don't know if ya got broken bones."
Sherlock felt like adding that
Already Mycroft had started to accept the death of his brother, so much so that when he felt that breath, he wanted to excuse it as his imagination. After all, he reasoned, if Sherlock was somehow still alive after the damages done, how could he ever recover? That leg looked to be beyond hope. His older brother already knew from Watson's scribbled answers that the younger man had been raped on top of the blatant physical torture, and the fluids present on his person were quite telling. No, Sherlock had already been through enough in his life and he did not need any of this.
Even so, something in this tall, skinny prey had aroused Sawtooth's interest. This one was different from most others. The patriarch had noticed it when he first had the young man in his grasp, taking in the details of the face. Meat was meat, and those the clan took for such uses were not treated in the same regard as the family, but sometimes, once in a great while, prey would come along that almost looked... appealing. Familiar in a way. Though otherwise despicably smooth and resembling any other prey, this one's bright blue eyes were set far apart, and his jaw was weak, his neck long and thick.
"Too much of a coincidence?" he asked. Sherlock joined hands together as if in prayer, leaning back. A ghost of a smile moved his lips and was gone just as quickly as it had appeared. "I have a question or two to ask our client." Closing the laptop, he stood and began to remove his clothes.
"Jesus Christ," an officer exclaimed.
"Everything will be fine," he said.
By the time they were all in the car, Sherlock had produced a map of the area.
“You complained of a headache earlier.” John’s expression softened as he finally got to the point of his confrontation. “I thought I might help by getting out your pill bottle.”
"You went through my things?" he croaked out, as if he couldn't quite believe what he was seeing. Sherlock's features took on what John referred to as his 'snarly face'; eyes bulging, nostrils flaring, mouth curled. The detective was ready to defend himself, tooth and nail.
“Battery must be dead,” Mary suggested, looking over John’s shoulder at the device.
Three-finger's steely grasp on the writhing prisoner tightened as an idea formed. He turned to glance for a brief moment towards the far end of the cabin, in the direction of his clan's "backyard". If he could get the whore into the suitcase, he knew exactly where that case would go.
The child's shout out soon brought the approach of heavy footsteps, and John heard a man's voice, although his accent was possibly even thicker than the child's and the doctor could not make out the words.
"I don't suppose there would be a point to improvising some weapons out of branches...?" John said, half in jest.
Leave it alone, John, the doctor urged himself. Sherlock's personal things are none of your business. Truth is, you're probably better off not knowing.
John knew he had to choose his words carefully so as not to walk directly into Sherlock's trap. Inexperienced though he was at emotional manipulation, Sherlock seemed to know how to guilt trip his best friend and flatmate.
John closed his mouth, biting back his own response to accept the offer of coffee from their hostess. Sherlock had clearly forgotten that he was there.
"Dr. Nasim," he said in acknowledgement with a slight inclination of his head. "I want you to tell me if it would be safe - from a medical aspect - to give my brother something to counteract the barbiturates responsible for keeping him asleep."
"Dare I ask...?" John said, watching as his partner and friend stripped down to practically nothing.
Only to realize that he couldn't see anything. Darkness. He was enshrouded in darkness. The momentary relief of not being assaulted by bright light quickly passed into a feeling of great unease. Why could he not see anything? Where was he? Memories of having been shoved into a closet flitted through his memories, first by Mycroft to keep him safe from Father, and later by Sebastian as a punishment for angering his then-boyfriend. In recent years, Sherlock often sought out the closet on his own accord, as it was the perfect place to quiet the noise inside his head.
“Come on,” she said, rising from the pool and grabbing her towel.
He felt the wet, spongy sensation of its tongue on his skin, and the creature snickered, clearly fascinated by the response it generated. Could he perhaps lure it to free him? No, it might be stupid, but surely not that stupid. The clan would not have lasted this long if the idiot could be persuaded to release captives.
"Somebody must have started it," John murmured. He opened the photo in a digital photo editing program on Sherlock's laptop and enlarged it further. "Sherlock, what do you make of...-"
A little over two hours passed before the long-awaited ambulance finally arrived to pick up their patient. In the meantime, Jedidiah Granger and his eldest son, Nehemiah, moved the severely wounded, naked man onto a faded green tarp and carried him to their front porch.
The vehicles in the clearing sat like shining headstones and tombs, some far older than others, and Mycroft speculated that the number of victims had to be in the hundreds. How long exactly had this family been doing this? John had mentioned only three... but what if there were others, hidden away in these seemingly endless forests in the mountains?
He had not been crying after all. He was tricking them. Sherlock had a plan.
He undid the knot binding the whore's hands to the old iron stove and then seated the creature upright. He doubted it would live for much longer. Quivering, trembling, its body hot and sticky from a raging fever, the pale Outsider was probably close to dying. Its left foot, sloppily bandaged to prevent further blood loss, was turning grey. Sawtooth knew what would come of that. First grey, then blue, then black. The limb was dying and would have to be severed to keep from poisoning the rest of the body.
“You know I was just joking, right?” she said with a gentle nudge of her hand against his side. John winced and managed a smile, but it was a lousy one.
Had his friend's shoulders not been so sun burnt, the doctor would have wrapped an arm around him. Though normally not one to require comfort, this was clearly going to be an exception. John carefully placed his hand on the small of Sherlock's back, where the skin was still more creamy than red, and thus not as sore.
The paved road was little else but winding twists and turns, and even craning her neck to look ahead at where the curves would lead was nearly impossible, as the grounds were thick with trees. Added to the problem were the forks in the road that seemed at first to be the right path, but simply rendered her more lost than before. She crept along, figuring that she had to reach an end in this marginalized, cramped place, and that at least she might be able to turn around or find someone to ask directions from.
An eight-week stay at an exclusive detox clinic arranged by Mycroft had cured his physical addiction to opiates, but Sherlock, who found a life without artificial stimulants increasingly dull, simply substituted one drug for another, and hence began his addiction to cocaine.
"Haven't thought about it," Sherlock muttered, trying his best to sound non-committal, but John knew that was a lie. It was obvious that thoughts of Moran's imminent release had plagued his mind quite a bit.
Eyes shut and head turned away, he could only hear the approach of one of them and feel the hot breath beat on his cheek for a moment. The idiot, he thought. He personally found it unremarkable that he was beginning to recognize his captors individually without so much as looking at them, curse his powers of deduction.
With the eagerness of a child knowing they had a special occasion coming up, William leapt into his sibling's bed and giggled gleefully as he crawled in underneath the comforter, Bee firmly clasped in the bend of his elbow. The mattress squeaked out a protest at being pounced on so roughly, and though he knew it was unlikely, Mycroft worried that any sound out of the ordinary might rouse the slumbering Holmes patriarch.
The very notion of his friend crying made tears fall from John's eyes, and he resisted a sob of his own when the two men finally let go of his face.
"I can't fucking believe this..." she muttered to herself, not yet ready to face the very real possibility of being lost. Thus anger was a way to shield her from the fear which was sure to set in once the severity of the situation had made itself known.
"Hampton Inn, please," Anthea told the driver, and Mycroft appreciated the silence which followed. At least the man behind the wheel had enough discretion so as not to make an inane comment about British accents.
"Some of it doesn't take at times, though..." John noted plainly. "When it has to do with someone I care about. Mary, my sister... you."
Sawtooth was furious. His eldest son's impetuousness had once again ruined things for him, this time by getting in the way of a clear shot. Now their prey had slipped out of their reach, and even worse, the plump piece of meat had managed to drag Three-finger with it.
“Turn right,” he directed the pilot, wanting a closer look. He was prepared to have been too hopeful, to realize his suspicion was in vain. Still, he had to know.
He closed his eyes, trying to emotionally distance himself from the horrors going on in the physical world and finding solace in the inner riches of his mind palace. He had paid regular visits there throughout his adult and semi-adult life when the noisiness and stress of the real world became too much to handle; something people commonly referred to as "zoning out" and disregarded as yet another dimension of the quirkiness that was Sherlock Holmes and his eccentric ways. What they didn't know was that without his mind palace, Sherlock might not have survived.
“Does he what?” John responded, confused.
"I see." Mycroft cocked his head to the side, and his forehead creased in a way that suggested wheels were turning inside his head, quite rapidly. "Anything in particular that might have triggered it...?" he then inquired. "Did you two have a quarrel, perhaps?"
Mycroft maintained his cool exterior as always. Most might not have noticed any change from his usual facade, but he found his apathetic display much easier to manage now that Sherlock had become more of a patient, as opposed to a potential corpse. It seemed no matter how many times Mycroft expected to hear about his brother being found dead from whatever destructive path he had taken, the news would always hit that part of his brain which still held sentiment. He finally nodded at the doctor's explanations.
Mary herself had turned down the advances of not one but three different men during her brief stay in the bar. Her first admirer had complimented her on her accent, called her an "English rose" and offered to buy her a drink. She politely declined, and the man had accepted the rejection with a surprising amount of grace. The same could not be said for the other two, and after being called a "snobby bitch" and then "uptight cunt", Mary decided to leave the bar.
“Something that I might very well have brought with me,” Sherlock replied, “had I been absolutely positive I could get past security dogs with it.”
Mycroft deliberated threatening to bring up the question of misconduct to the hospital review board, but he reined in his momentary anger, realizing that cooperation and diplomacy were undoubtedly the best methods to achieve results in times like this. Unnecessary antagonism was counter-productive.
"He killed himself. Filled his pockets with rocks and walked into the Thames. I was in college when it happened, and because of this unfortunate event I had to delay my studies one whole semester. Mummy could not manage Sherlock on her own, not unpredictably, the little hellion he was. I stayed home until we could have him sent off to boarding school. Except for some disciplinary infractions, some bigger than others, my brother did quite well until he had his first manic episode at sixteen."
"Left me with a lot of time to do nothing but think... and go through cocaine withdrawal."
The detective stomped off, letting out an occasional curse when something on the ground dug into the soles of his bare feet. John sighed, rubbing at his temples to stop the impending headache from erupting.
The curtains were drawn in Bobbi Ferguson's trailer, and there was no certain way of telling if she was home. If his first destination failed, he could think of a few more probable places to look for her.
The sudden sensation of huge hands prying open the jaws of the trap made him scream, though the piercing sound did not seem to bother or surprise his captors whatsoever.
The corpse was Mary Morstan. The lack of a skull would make a formal identification difficult, but Mycroft was positive.
"Just kill me already, you sick bastard," Sherlock snarled.
When the giant took his first few steps in John's presence, the doctor could tell that Sherlock had been right in most of his assumptions. The mountain man did walk with a distinct limp, and though undoubtedly strong and cleverer than his partner-in-crime, he simply could not be very fast.
John did not even bother asking how Sherlock could see that, but he felt like adding that it really wasn't very helpful in finding their missing person.
"Yes, William, what is it?" the red-headed boy asked, eyes squinting at the sudden shift from complete darkness to dim light from a low-wattage bulb. As expected, his little brother stood by the bed in his pyjamas, two bright red spots glowing on his pale, freckled cheeks. It had happened again. Mycroft needn't even glance down to know his assessment had been correct.
“Wasn’t I any good?” Sherlock asked, and all the accusation in his voice was strangely gone. Instead he seemed purely curious in his despair.
"He was in a coma for two weeks, and then remained for another month, much to his refusal. Obviously the trauma did not rob him of any of his more... charming traits."
The elder Holmes glanced up at his PA, and for a split second his unyielding dark blue eyes - a different shade than Sherlock's, but no less piercing - looked ready to shoot flashes and Anthea feared he would actually strike her. Immediately she wished she could take back her pathetic attempt at comfort. It was not her place.
"You forgot to take your pill yesterday, didn't you?" John inquired.
John decided not to take the bait. "You're scaring Mrs. Hudson," he said instead.
“Are you alright?” he heard Mary ask him, shaking him from his memories. He gave her a smile and took the hand which had been squeezing his knee.
The doctor reached for his axe just as Sherlock's eyes bulged and fixated on something behind John's back. He had just enough time to see a shape approach him from the right and hear a maniacal cackle he'd believed until now could only exist in nightmares. The creature swung its own weapon against John's head, and the following moment everything went black.
"Being serious..."
Sherlock maintained his grip on Mycroft's sleeve and gradually tightened it to the point of whitening knuckles, as if his spasming muscles could wordlessly communicate the terror and helplessness he was feeling. Awareness of the pain wracking seemingly every single cell of his body permeated his senses, and he desperately wished he could go back to sleep.
A kid. The speaker was a kid. Good lord. John tried to form words, to express a plea for help, but breathing alone had become so incredibly hard, and all he could manage was an inaudible whisper. Did he have a punctured lung? Two punctured lungs? Was he dying?
"You never know," Sherlock said as he shrugged off his shirt.
The deafening memory of the explosions collided with the intense white noise of the current around him, and he was knocked back and forth between past and present as though he were slammed against the rocks of the very river he could not escape.
Anthea produced the list as though she had envisaged that her boss would ask for it. He wearily skimmed through the names, recalling details as his eyes retread their steps. Though his brain still worked as unswervingly as ever, already he was growing physically exhausted by the day's events. He would be changing attire as soon as possible, and the mere sight of him would without question mean a new suit would be awaiting him at the hotel thanks to Anthea... if the competence of this damnable city's postage workers and hotel staff could be relied upon, anyway.
, Mycroft thought as he removed a handkerchief and patted his face. The entire tri-state area looked to be stuck in the seventies as far as resources were concerned. Still, it wasn't West Virginia, a state which he had more than his fill of even after speaking with John.
"We don't normally do this, but I could make an exception for you. There's a room in the back, it used to be an office but hasn't been used for years, people didn't like there not being a window…" She seemed to realize she was babbling and reined herself in. "The doctors on call sometimes use it to sleep. If you want to, you could use it. Lie down, while you're waiting for news…?"
After about thirty seconds, the hand on his mouth quickly went to his jaw, like someone forcing their dog to swallow a pill. And swallow he did. He nearly began sobbing, but he swallowed.
