He buries himself deep in Sherlock's body over and over, the sounds of bare skin slapping against bare skin obscene in the heated air of John's bedroom.
, the only one allowed to see you through your best, and your worst. The only one you can rely on, other than that government-arsed Mycroft. The only one who you’d bring to retire to the country with you when we’ve gone all silver and wrinkled. Hopefully, one day, that I’ll also be the one you’d walk with down the aisle with our daughter sandwiched between us on her wedding day. Let me be the one, Sherlock. I love you, and I really really would like to know, right now, if you’d make me the happiest man alive and allow me to finally hyphenate our names?”
“Unhh,” Sherlock moans into the pillow he's shoved his face into. His hips stutter downwards and forwards, seeking friction against every part of his body he can get. His fingers pick up speed, and all the movement causes the covers to slide off of Sherlock's lower torso, exposing his bottom to the air.
“Y- You don’t mean that,” John spits out, his gaze drilling into Sherlock’s, making the taller man drop his gaze to the floor underneath their feet. “After all this while, you-!”
John is dressed in a suit Sherlock has never even seen before - midnight blue, coupled with a crisp, white shirt - and the outfit brings out perfectly the sparkle in John’s eyes, the blonde of his hair, and not to mention, the brilliance of his smile; so much so that Sherlock has to physically refrain himself from melting into a pool of enchanted consulting detective.
John let out a full body shudder at his words, whimpering when Sherlock switched their positions, pressing him back against the wall. They kissed then, needy swipes of tongue and noisy pecks of lips interspersed with loud gasps and low, deep noises of pleasure permeating the warm air of the sitting room. Sherlock ran his hands all over John’s torso, from the erection that was flushed red at the head to the heaving chest, taking his time to worship the sturdy time-worn body before him. He paid particular attention to the ex-soldier’s scar, every fold of scarred old skin and new skin receiving equal attention from his talented tongue.
He had come out all the way here, to the far reaches of North London, in search of his usual supplier, desperate for something,
“Thought I’d prefer if we were alone, so I could give you your birthday gift... properly,” John replies, but there is a hesitation masked behind his words, and it starts to gnaw at Sherlock’s mind.
He was fighting all instinct to grab John and leave then and there but he had a case to solve, and that involved, ironically, luring their main suspect in by having John attempt to steal the attentions of the sultry Mrs Roberts.
“Now hold on a minute.” John pushes himself out of his chair and settles behind the detective, perching on the edge of the sofa, running his hair through that mess of riotous curls. “Look at me, and tell me you believed that.”
John’s heart sinks at Sherlock’s last words - the idea of his room having been left as it was before John chose Mary, as if Sherlock could not bear to disturb the evidence of a life left behind - but he quashes down the new wave of guilt that threatens to wash over him, choosing to nod sagely and offer Sherlock a tiny, sad smile as he carries the drowsy toddler over to her cot in Sherlock’s bedroom.
As if right on cue, Sherlock’s phone vibrates from its spot on the nearby table. He picks it up, his breath hitching at the name flashing on the top of the notification. It’s John.
They didn't talk much about it after, but for the following weeks, Sherlock had let John in, bit by bit. They shared chaste, shy kisses on the couch, during breakfast, in the corridor outside Mrs Hudson’s flat. They were kisses, nothing more, though each kiss grew more heated than the last. They hadn't gone much further than that; John didn't think Sherlock could handle too much too soon and he didn't want to scare the younger man away.
. Sherlock blinks, his mental faculties already slow on the uptake. John just sits there with a small smile, as if he’s aware of how much he’s thrown the detective for the loop already. He picks up his own fork and scoops some of the pasta into his mouth, calmly chewing away, smirking when Sherlock realises what he’s expected to say next.
He doesn't realise Sherlock has moved until two long legs come to rest on the top of John's arse and a large hand has wrapped itself around John's quivering length, slick with lube. Two pulls, then three, the hand evenly coating the length before Sherlock is wriggling his arse, and pushing at John's elbows, coaxing him into position. John grabs the base of his length, the head of it nudging at the loosened rim of Sherlock's entrance. One last silent affirmation with his lover's eyes is all he needs before he is pushing forwards, easing himself into Sherlock's body.
John moans when Sherlock chooses that moment to flex his glutes, subtly pushing himself closer to John. “Get these off. I want to see the rest of you,” Sherlock prompts with a cursory tug at John's half-opened jeans.
Now as he stands in front of the bathroom mirror, eyes trained on John’s reflection in the glass where the man is staring at Sherlock’s bare back, the detective can’t help but think,
The front door of 221B opens, but to John’s disappointment, it is not Sherlock who steps out, but Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock is rooted to the spot as his mind attempts to keep up with the onslaught of new data. His mind palace is trembling on its foundations as the detective scrambles to process and file away the conversation they've just had.
They lock lips, the kiss soft and languid, sucking hard on bottom lips, tongues caressing teeth and caressing each other. Sherlock sighs into the kiss, and he stares into John's gaze as they pull apart. John grins, then, delighting in knowing that the one unbelievable thing in the world right now is that Sherlock Holmes has chosen him, John Watson. It is the two of them against the rest of the world, after all.
It’s what most ordinary minds will find short and sweet, but after all they’ve been through, direct and straight to the point is all they need to be in the end.
”s with each push of his hips but then his eyes slowly blink open, and he locks eyes with John. What John sees there makes him still his hips in worry.
kissing John with just a hint of desperation, and obvious interest that John takes a moment to think, “
Sherlock can only keen in response, eyes scrunched tight, his arms now circling John's torso to grasp at his back. He claws hard at the skin, leaving unmistakeable angry red marks, but the intense pleasure that John feels right now wonderfully overrides the stinging in his back. He pushes forward to press their lips together once more, teeth now biting lower lips and tongues seeking entrance.
(At this point he doubts Sherlock hasn't heard him yet but to hell with shame. They'd crossed that threshold when he'd come home to Sherlock in his bed.)
I have the best readers in the world. Thank you so much for all your support and understanding, and for waiting patiently for the updates to this story. I couldn't have carried on without you guys <3 <3 <3
Their tongues danced, licking and teeth lightly nipping at each other's bottom lips. Sherlock has at this point taken well to the art of kissing -- “Well I do have an
Mycroft stares back at Sherlock, his features softening before throwing a final glance at the monitors surrounding his brother. With another minute shake of his head, Mycroft saunters out, his steps fierce against the linoleum floor.
” the taller man cuts off a deep moan he obviously did not mean to voice, and the hands on John's hips tighten their grip.
John cleared his throat first. “I vaguely remember removing the ring before we reached the party. Tough to seduce someone with a ring on your finger, and all that.”
to make him forget the pain of the last seventy-two hours. Turns out luck, (and whenever has Sherlock Holmes ever believed in luck?) was evading him. Sherlock approached the haggard-looking dealer, only to be mugged and robbed of his phone and wallet. Said dealer turned out to have none of what Sherlock needed, having inhaled the last of his supply himself before going on a murderous high and stabbing the detective with a rusty knife he brandished out of nowhere and fleeing into the night.
“For if my brother wishes to scrub his upholstery clean. Otherwise, you can keep it,” he smirked, turning around just as John opened the door to 221B.
“Oh fuck, Sherlock,” John voices, following suit, both men now thrusting at a steady pace. “You're perfect, look at you. I love you so much.”
“Well.. This is awkward,” John states, matter-of-factly, fumbling to right himself and pull up his pants. “What am I saying… sorry, shouldn't have stood there but I couldn't help myself-”
Rosie, innocent, adorable, fascinating and all-around, the centre of John’s world. John knows someone else shares that spot with her, and that person is in pain, and hurting, and John is not there to make it all better.
Something about Victor made Sherlock put his guard down, and little by little, Sherlock found himself harbouring feelings for his closest, and only friend. Innocent study sessions at each other's apartments eventually encouraged his curious, untested mind to go further, testing the waters between them by initiating that first kiss. By the tenth study-cum-sleepover, Sherlock found himself flat on his back in his bed, crying out in pleasure-pain as Victor grunted above him and pushed inside him, hard and quick.
arse it is. “Bloody hell,” John breathes, his hand shifting down to adjust the growing tightness in his jeans. He'd always taken notice of Sherlock’s plump behind, more times than not, courtesy of well-tailored trousers that leave nothing to the imagination. Once, he had to excuse himself from the crime scene because Sherlock had chosen then and there to fully bend over the poor victim's body to examine something, round arse sticking out for all to see.
“Indeed, Doctor Watson. This marks the second time now that my brother came close to essentially leaving this world permanently, with you being more or less the reason why he came close
John pulls back; Sherlock settles further into the pillows and into John's lap, and in one smooth thrust they are joined. They groan in unison, one adjusting to the tight snug heat, the other willing his muscles to relax and welcome the intrusion.
Sherlock doesn’t realise he has leaned forward to kiss her forehead until the moment he inhales her pure baby scent and pulls back to gaze down on her with a tightness in his chest. His head is awash with a confusing mix of feelings: adoration, anticipation and just a hint of heartbreak. He can’t comprehend why, but he is sure that the crux of the matter stems from the little girl’s father.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” John huffs, bringing his arms under and over to grab Sherlock’s shoulders, his face buried in the curls at the base of the neck, mouth puffing hot, heavy breaths as he speeds up his thrusts, just on this side of too much and finally he is
“Guh… John, oh god, I’m almost..” Sherlock whines, nudging John with his foot until John releases his balls and takes Sherlock’s leaking cock in his mouth once more, alternating long pulls with his fist, swallowing each time the hard length of him hits the back of his throat.
"Of course it did! Yes, I wanted to kill you for putting me through that hell for two years and then showing up like nothing had happened, but I'd never have pushed you to the floor if I had known you were injured," John huffs, his stance almost confrontational, his face flushed with exasperation. He heaves a long sigh, visibly trying to rein in his anger as he reaches out for Sherlock. "What else did they do to you, Sherlock? Please, I need to know."
“Oh.. okay. Rosie’s all sorted, already bathed her a short while ago.” Molly gets to her feet, reaching out for her bag.
Watson, what can a massive injury to that particular section of the human anatomy entail? Enlighten us, will you?” Mycroft sneers, choosing to settle on the nearby chair, crossing one leg elegantly over the other, umbrella swinging from his finger, almost mocking.
Now as he stands here in the arms of the man who means the world to him - the remnants of Sherlock’s melancholy violin playing still drifting in the calm air around them, punctuated by the adorable gurgling from his happy, oblivious daughter - John allows himself a shred of hope for redemption.
John gulps hard, giving a sharp nod and rewards his lover with a deep, searing kiss as he removes his fingers. Sherlock automatically removes his leg from atop John's hip and shifts onto his back on the bed, pulling John along until he is kneeling between Sherlock’s legs. “I want to do it like this. I want to see you,” Sherlock pleads. His eyes are blown, irises dilated to the point of black and nothing else. Lips bite-swollen, glorious curls plastered to his forehead and his mouth --
Sherlock sat up immediately, creases forming between his brow as he attempts to deduce what the papers inside were. John rubs his back, the touch a soothing balm, easing away the tension building and threatening to suck the air out of his lungs. Sherlock gives up trying to think his way through it, unceremoniously ripping the sealed end of the envelope open and pulling out the crisp stack of documents inside.
Hearing his words parroted back to him, conveyed from Molly to Sherlock that awful morning after Mary’s death, broke something inside John.
His husband had quickly lost all coherent thought, muttering and gasping unintelligible words barely loud enough for Sherlock to pick up. The detective smiled against the trail of hair leading down to John's cock, flushed almost purple, close to bursting. He gave it a sympathetic lick below the head, eyes turned predatory at the sight of his husband writhing, hips lifting off the sofa in a pained cry.
“Really, John? Acting all casual about this like you didn't just admit to having watched me masturbate? Never took you for a voyeur, honestly,” Sherlock rumbles, voice dropping impossibly lower the more he talked. He lays his hands casually in his lap, head tilting in mock appraisal.
“Ma- massive blood loss, mainly,” John says, his voice small and afraid. Properly afraid. He struggles to gather his thoughts. “He- he’s not-?”
“I apologise for making you uncomfortable yesterday,” Sherlock whispers, just loud enough for John to hear him. “I will never mention it again.”
This time, he’d hurt Sherlock emotionally. Gave him a roundhouse kick to the heart, rejecting his affections at what has to be the very worst time to do it.
He worked with the concentration of a soldier in battle, the sound of pencil lead scribbling filling the air, washing over him like a soothing balm. John had always had a knack for drawing, though it had only been a rare hobby up until recently when he opted to join a life modelling class to fill his time in between classes at university.
“John! You there, mate?!” a voice boomed through the heavy door, just as he is about to peek through the peep hole.
“Speak for yourself,” the army doctor gasped, his knees almost buckling as Sherlock slipped two fingers easily into his hole with a barely audible
Speaking of which, the man himself is nowhere in sight. He's not sulking on the sofa, perched at the kitchen table nor upturning the drawers in his room.
To Sherlock’s credit, the detective was busy playing a piece on his Stradivarius whilst Rosie looked on, her bright eyes widened in awe, her thumb forgotten in her mouth, mid-suckle. John, having been in the military, was also not a stranger to moving around undetected, and is deeply aware of which of the 17 steps make tell-tale creaks on the way up to 221B.
The two men took their time sobering up, but not before Sherlock found himself caged in with John's arms at his sides as the shorter man plundered his mouth with firm, wet kisses. He wrapped his arms around John, reaching down to knead his arse, pressing down just below his sacrum, reminding him of the plug and what was to come. John groaned into his mouth, resuming the thrusting of his hips onto the long thigh Sherlock had conveniently nudged in between John's legs.
John’s fork stops in its ministrations. “Oh, right. Do you have a boyfriend?” John picks up his glass, sipping at the wine. Sherlock stares as his adam’s apple bobs in the candlelight. “..which is fine by the way.”
***Please let me know in the comments if you think I've gone too far plot-wise. My default mode on johnlock is angst because it makes the happy ending all the more worth it, but sometimes I do worry that the latest update ruined the story for my readers. I appreciate each and every criticism, so yeah. Let me know your honest opinions <3 I'll then try to improve the story :)
John strokes Rosie’s downy, blonde locks with gentle, loving fingers as he weighs the only option his pathetic self has to offer.
He lets John’s next words wash over him in a blanket of comfort, and he never wants to let go, never wants to leave this bubble of contentment they’ve finally found for themselves.
He doesn’t respond to Mrs Hudson’s puttering about the flat, let alone her requests for him to at least eat the food she’s prepared for him. Each time, just before she returns to 221A, his landlady will lay a gentle hand on his shoulder, the touch just enough to keep Sherlock grounded, reminding himself to not go too far lost into his mind palace in search for answers.
A harsh jolt seizes his body; his mind palace shakes on its foundations, the lights flicker overhead.
Sherlock's breath hitches, however his body remains relaxed and almost thrumming with expectation in John's embrace. He shifts his face closer to quite literally nuzzle his nose alongside John’s, turning the shorter man's limbs to jelly. If John didn't know any better, he'd think the small steady noise escaping from between Sherlock's glorious lips is one of
John’s deep blue eyes flicker back and forth between the ring and Sherlock’s face, the worry lines on his face deepening and loosening. As Sherlock shuffles forwards on his knees, the worry lines disappear altogether and his smile widens and the crow’s feet on his weathered face crinkle in what has to be hope. He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, and opens them, and Sherlock gasps at what he sees.
“Can you shift your right leg backwards, let it sit on the armrest? Yeah, just like that. Your left elbow, tuck it in a bit more under your chin- okay, perfect,” John instructed, his gaze lingering on the curves of Sherlock’s impressively round arse -
“When I’m feeling better later, I will delete it. Delete it all,” Sherlock sniffs, his heart rate picking up according to the monitors, the sound paralyzing John where he stands.
that he had seen reflected in Sherlock's eyes that had made him pray to the gods above for luck, and thus had brought his lips to brush against the other man's, much to both of their shock, and evidently, relief.
“I’ll be back before you know it,” he tells Mrs Hudson, one leg already back in the car that will bring him to the airport. “Please give Sherlock my best, and pass along my utmost thanks for agreeing to babysit Rosie.”
Sherlock stiffens at first, still foreign to the concept of human touch bordering on intimacy, but eventually he relaxes into John’s hold, settling his cheek on the top of John’s head. His arms move automatically to return the hug, a small sigh escaping his lips as he accepts the fact that if there was one place in the world he wouldn’t mind staying in for the rest of his life, it was here, secure in John’s arms, where he could let his defences down and John wouldn’t think him any lesser for it.
He thinks back to the day of John and Mary’s wedding, when his very best friend had pulled him in for a hug after Sherlock delivered barely the first part of his speech as Best Man. The hug had started off in reverse then, with John the giver and Sherlock, the recipient. On the outside, the embrace had seemed to be one borne of joy and appreciation, but only Sherlock, and Sherlock alone, was aware of how his heart throbbed and ripped itself to shreds, thinking John was lost to him forever, berating himself for never grabbing the chance before it was all too late.
The detective was momentarily spared from answering John's question as their ride stopped in front of 221B. He threw a wad of notes at the driver before throwing the door open and swiftly pulling out his keys to let them in, only to be crowded against the door once they were both inside.
, you know that?” John teases, trying his best to kiss that pout away while he caresses a sharp cheekbone. Sherlock stops wriggling, and lays back against the pillows once more, but he refuses to let John kiss him properly.
“Ugh, sticky,” Sherlock winces, discovering the wet spot on their bellies. John laughs, grabbing a stray piece of clothing and wiping them down. He tosses it away and pulls the covers up and over, enveloping them both. They snuggle and kiss until the sounds of the city outside the flat dies down and they drift off to the reassuring sounds of their steady breaths.
“Fuck, careful, I'll need that arm later!” John cursed as Sherlock struggled to pull his jumper off. All too soon, John was stark naked, stalking forward, eyeing the detective hungrily as his fingers started making quick work of the buttons of the suit and shirt underneath.
John stops breathing, eyes widening in horror as he catches sight of a tear rolling down Sherlock’s cheek. “Sherlock-”
Sherlock doesn’t answer because he doesn’t want to. This does not help things whatsoever, because John has long since been able to read Sherlock like an open book, and Sherlock’s silence seems to be the only answer he needed.
“John, now is not the time for your ego to get in the way. Mine is more than enough for the two of us. If you truly want things to go back the way they were before, then you need to trust that I want to know each and every time something bothers you, no matter how unpleasant it is. It’s time we be honest with each other. What’s done is done. There’s no turning back.” Sherlock steps away, the air between them suddenly fraught with tension. “Or do you think so little of me now?”
“It's just.. I wanted our first time to be more special. I pictured you..uh.. inside me,” Sherlock stutters out, cheeks flushed in exertion and now, embarrassment. John stares at him for a moment or two before his face crumples, breaking into unrestrained giggles, his head dropping to rest atop Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock scrambles to turn on the sofa and face his partner, only to almost fall off at the sight of the gleam of silver held aloft in John’s hand.
John gasped and whined, trying hard to keep still and avoid touching his erection, which was now steadily leaking pre-come onto the wall and the floor. “God, Sherlock, I’m not going to last long like this, just fuck me already!”
John asks himself. He laughs bitterly at the absurd idea of this, this apartment, where he and Mary had built a marriage - a sham? - and immediately he thinks back to 221B, where everything had been oh-so-wonderful and John had been happy and then Sherlock had to go
“Sherlock? Can I- That is, can I draw you?” John stuttered, unable to resist running his gaze along every inch of his boyfriend’s body, from the head full of the softest-looking curls known to mankind, to a chiseled face, to the lithe, pale torso and miles of long limbs.
“Surprisingly, John, we've yet to properly christen the sofa.” Sherlock hurried to remove his own briefs, sighing in relief as his aching erection was freed of its confines.
“It’s… it’s fine. How about you go ahead first? It’s not that I’m kicking you out, it’s just-” John gestures towards Rosie, his feet automatically propelling him forward to lift the toddler out of Molly’s embrace. “Sorry. I missed her already,” John lies, avoiding his friend’s gaze as he lays a firm kiss on his daughter’s temple.
“John! Ah-!” Sherlock’s orgasm take them both by surprise, John continuing to thrust even as Sherlock’s internal muscles clamp down hard, the detective nothing but a mess of twitching limbs and gasping breaths in his arms, his release creating a mess of the bed sheets.
and then over the course of our friendship, you demonstrated that you're not one for relationships?" Sherlock looks away, slightly sheepish as his face warms under John's rant. "I sincerely thought that there were absolutely no chances of your returning my feelings, so I kept my love locked away, always there but well-hidden under guise of my friendship with you. I could live in unrequited love with you, Sherlock, if it meant that you would allow me the privilege of being your best friend."
They lay like that for a while, the lovers occasionally shivering with oversensitivity. Soon enough, Sherlock’s flaccid cock slipped out of John’s used hole, and the resulting
As his vision blackens and blurs at the edges, Sherlock allows himself a final shred of memory: that very first evening he and John had stumbled into the foyer at 221B, breathless from running from the police. John had been incandescent then, all signs of his limp gone, eyes shining with newfound purpose and mouth pulled in the most delighted smile Sherlock has seen on John to this very day. He'd already loved John then, and wouldn't realise it until he was standing on the precipice of St. Bart's, sobbing his goodbye into the phone, John nothing but a tiny speck on the ground before him. He had let himself believe that John's anguished cries afterwards were borne of sincere heartbreak, and sorrow, and a promise of
Sherlock, is fully naked, lying on his stomach, on John's bed. The sheets are tangled around his long legs and are rustling with every thrust of bony hips against cotton. One hand is grasping needily at the sheets while the other is partially hidden, wrist flexing, fingers causing slick sounds at the general area of Sherlock's arse.
As he struggles to make sense of the unsettling feeling, Sherlock barely makes out a buzzing sound coming from all around him. He spins on his heels, eyes darting, seeking out the source of the sound, when it happens:
And and! I am always open to criticism! Two months away from this fic may have set me off plot-wise, things may not make sense or are not realistic. I've never claimed to be writing my John and Sherlock as perfectly in character as in canon sooooooo don't be afraid to shoot me a comment below so as to steer me in the right direction, yeah? :)
Apologies for the way-overdue second chapter. I know I have a history of leaving works incomplete, but I sincerely want to see this one through to the end. Personal life, you know. It was being piss poor the last few weeks.
“Oh fuck, Sherlock, there you go, just--” he prompts, pushing his right hand between Sherlock’s torso and the mattress to come up the other side and together with his left, unabashedly grabs those two pale perfect specimens of arse and
“Lovely, delightful, dazzling, exquisite, -” John praised, one hand grabbing Sherlock’s where it lay unmoving by his head, the other stroking, pressing, tickling the smooth, warm skin of the body below him. The scent of them, of their coupling was driving him wild, and his thrusts get just a little bit faster, spurred on by the whimpers and gasps of the one person he would lay his life on the line for.
However, he was determined to solve this case for the incompetent Scotland Yard, and as he spotted a flash of silver at his periphery, Sherlock was up and out of his seat, trailing his main suspect and cornering - not to mention, subsequently coaxing out a confession and handcuffing him - in the loos. Firing off a quick text to Lestrade, Sherlock strode over back to the large main hall, where the guests was oblivious to the silent arrest of their host.
Making his way quickly but quietly back down, John grabs his phone and house keys with one hand, passing the keys to Greg to lock up the house as John rushes over to his neighbour’s. He hands Rosie over to the sympathetic - and understanding - Mrs Orwell without a word. She’s well acquainted with the family, and ever since Mary died, she’s stepped in as a mother figure to Rosie without hesitation, and John will be forever grateful.
"Sherlock," John says, moving, letting go of the younger man's elbow, only to clasp both of Sherlock's bigger hands in his own smaller, sturdier ones. The rigid set of John's shoulders betray the thrumming of his body, but thrumming with what, exactly, Sherlock can't tell.
“I bloody hell wish I was! His brother tasked me to personally pick you up. We’ve been trying your phone for ages!” Greg grouses, already pulling John by the elbow, out the door. “Well, what are you waiting for?”
It is not a nice feeling, and hopefully will be gone by the next update, which is John's pov, and quite likely will be up tomorrow! ^^
It’s the morning after John returned to Baker Street. Half-dressed and drowsy. Sherlock had entered the bathroom from the kitchen after fixing Rosie’s bottle of milk - the toddler is due to wake in approximately seventeen minutes, if Sherlock has monitored her sleeping patterns properly - and he had promptly forgotten to close the door behind him.
John can hear the thudding of his heart in his ears. As Rosie’s cries start to taper off into the occasional wet sniffle, John’s feet act of their own accord, propelling him forward until he is pressed gently into Sherlock’s side. Rosie looks up at him with wet eyes, the hand not grasping Sherlock’s sleepshirt reaching to grasp John’s pinky finger instead.
His breath puffs warm clouds into the cold air, and with every second he finds it increasingly harder to ignore the stabbing pain in his side. His hands, where they were clasped over the offending area, come away a stark red.
Sherlock stares, and laughs. John merrily joins in, and the little girl in his arms pauses, utters an amusing-sounding
A gurgle and happy squeal greets him as he unlocks and steps through the front door of the house. Molly is there, bouncing a very-awake Rosie in her arms. She looks up, meeting John’s gaze, and immediately her face creases in concern.
John shaded in Sherlock’s unruly curls, the shadows interwoven between limb and sofa. The light freckles he now knew dispersed from the nape of that long neck to just above where Sherlock’s heart would be. And finally, the unreal rise and dip of a cupid’s bow shaping soft, smooth lips followed by the deepest depths of eyes that see too much and yet not enough of what the world had to offer him.
Sherlock flushes deeper than John thought possible. He brings John’s hands to the waistband of his boxer briefs, and with a trusting nod, the same hands rid Sherlock of his pants until they are both bare, in all aspects, to the other.
“You might know him. He has an appalling fondness for jumpers, drinks too much tea, is a war hero and has a penchant for chasing after careless consulting detectives.” Sherlock is starting to enjoy this way too much, if the amount of giggling he’s sneaked in between the words is any indication.
Stepping forward, he smoothes his hands from the tops of his shoulders to his elbows. Keeping his hands cupped there, he starts slow, leaning forward to brush his lips on the hollow of that pale, long throat. A tiny gasp escapes the mouth above him. He pulls on those elbows, and getting the hint, Sherlock places his hands on John's hips. Encouraged by this, John moves his lips from one collarbone to the other, revelling in the increased heartbeat he spots at Sherlock's pulse point.
Sherlock’s blush deepened. His lips gave the smallest of twitches before he appeared to relax fully, settling further into the cushions, watching steady and with a mellowed heat as John flipped his book open and touched pencil to paper.
“Sherlock.. You alright?” he whispers, his other hand coming up up to brush aside the hair plastered to Sherlock's sweat-dampened forehead. Inching forward, he plants a kiss, two, three above Sherlock's brow, on one sharp cheekbone to the corner of that cupid’s bow lips.
John pumps his cock in tandem, his eyes closed and teeth biting down on his lower lip enough to draw blood. He tunes out everything except for the sounds of bed sheets rustling and the beautiful sounds erupting from Sherlock's pillow-covered mouth.
When the black car came to a halt, Sherlock ushered John in, opening the darkened partition between them and the car driver and casually saying, “I’ll throw in a tip if you ignore the two of us. Carry on to Baker Street, if you will,” and then proceeded to crowd John against his seat, bringing their mouths together amidst relieved sighs.
As he takes a few tentative steps forwards, Sherlock finds himself feeling unusually disconnected from everything; Where normally he sees whatever is hidden within each room with perfect clarity, this time everything appears hazy to his eyes, blurred at the edges.
I can't thank you all enough for the emotional support. Really. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Evidently his wrung-out body decides for him anyway, tricking his mind into prompting him to lean against the door for support as he attempts to pull up his pants and jeans; the door swings inwards, sending John sprawling onto the floor in front of a flabbergasted Sherlock, his bottom half still bare and his face as red as a beet.
“That's it, come for me,” John encourages. He snakes a hand between them to circle around Sherlock's length and gives it firm, quick strokes, feeling it swell even more under his attentions.
Sherlock stirs to the sounds of muffled squeals and hushed whispers from the kitchen of 221B. Twisting in the sheets, he glances to the windows and confirms that it is indeed already past noon. He isn’t entirely surprised; a case had kept him going without so much as a quick nap and barely any food for three days straight, and it had taken only a light nudge from John for the detective to pass out on their bed.
“You mean this?” Sherlock grins, pulling John's hands from his shoulders to settle on the top of his perfectly round arse.
The two men moved in perfect synchrony, their moans and the slick sounds of skin-on-skin filling 221B. A few more thrusts later, Sherlock could feel the stirrings of his orgasm at his lower abdomen, radiating outwards onto his extremities, flooding his brain with endorphins, blurring his vision. John, sensing how close he was, clenched down hard on where they were joined, hands flying up to scrape deep marks down Sherlock's back.
John’s face falls at the sight of his friend, weak and in pain, in a hospital bed barely two days after he’d been in another across the city - his body bearing the marks of John’s grief and brutality. He can still see the yellow-green bruise adorning the area below Sherlock’s left pectoral, from where John had kicked him repeatedly as the man lay helpless on the floor. John feels nauseous with guilt at the sight of it.
Sherlock deserves all the love and attention John vows to bestow upon him this night, and certainly, for the rest of their lives together. He brings their lips together again, reaching blindly to link their hands before walking himself backwards to lead Sherlock to his bedroom.
For the first time in a very long time, John Watson finds himself at a crossroads, torn between walking away from, or coming face-to-face with the one person who stormed his way into John’s life, upturning everything and promptly setting everything right where they belonged.
Sherlock clears his throat, his palms getting slightly sweaty where they are cradled in John's steady hold. "Then why did you react the way you did when I told you I loved you?"
like this, his pale torso lightly dusted in freckles, flushed from arousal; his pink tongue escaping his lips, bite-swollen; his sinful neck, adorned with the proud red-blue bruise from John’s bite, to the smooth expense of his concave belly and sharp hip bones. This beautiful specimen belongs to John; will ever only be touched by him and him alone. Fumbling blindly, John grabs Sherlock’s hand, and gives it a hard squeeze.
“You are my whole world, John, you and Rosie both. Never doubt that. I’d do anything for the both of you. And to celebrate, dear husband, I believe I was promised another present; apparently it has something to do with the phrase, “a romp in the sheets?”
Sherlock acquiesces, deciding to humour John by squeezing his eyes shut and thinking hard. Rosie follows suit, her nose scrunched, bopping her head to Sherlock’s while John looks on, eyes softening and smile widening impossibly. Exactly 5.7 seconds later, Sherlock opens his eyes, locks gazes with his lover as he tilts forwards and blows out the solitary candle.
“Well you’re doing pretty well for someone who hasn’t had sex before,” John points out, releasing his hold on Sherlock’s wrists, shuffling down his body to settle on his stomach between Sherlock’s legs. He eyes Sherlock’s cock, almost salivating at the sight.
!” Mycroft warns, and John lets go of Sherlock’s wrist, looking on in horror as Sherlock snatches his arm back and turns on his side, facing the window. Hateful sobbing wrecks his body, and before John can do anything more, he is being dragged away by a man too big to fight off.
“Git,” he scolded, fondly, as always, holding it tight as he let Sherlock’s quiet exhales ruffle his hair.
Carefully now, John arranges himself on the bed, lying on the side of his good shoulder. He pulls Sherlock to face him, the detective still sporting a look of uncertainty on his face; vulnerable yet trusting John to make the next move.
) he was never accepted by the people around him. All he ever did was be himself, and he only became the most hated and socially outcast person everywhere he went. He built layers upon layers of indifference around him, to numb the hurt he felt each time people called him a bastard, a freak. By the time he was in university, he was immune to the insults, making full use of the social exclusion to focus on outperforming everyone in his cohort. He had no friends, until the anomaly that was Victor Trevor came along.
Perhaps it's time he remove himself permanently from John's life. They're all better off without him, John, Lestrade, even Mycroft. They all would have one less thing, person, to worry about, to watch over. The world would move on, would keep spinning without him.
“Be patient, John,” Sherlock drawled, grinning against the other man’s sacrum. “What was the saying, ‘good things come to those who wait’?” He continued thrusting his tongue in and out of John’s entrance, feeling the arousal throb painfully in his groin as he fondled John's bullocks, hanging heavy and full. Trailing a finger down his perineum, Sherlock added the slightest pressure, teasing John's prostate from the outside, eliciting a yelp and a hand grasping desperately at his hair.
He feels the tension start at his toes, shooting up his spine and settling in his groin as he chases his orgasm. John's legs threaten to give out but he pushes ahead, Sherlock's grunts and whimpers driving him on. He grits his teeth and hurriedly pushes the rest of his jeans out of the way to stare dazedly at his hand as it worked to bring him off.
. Fear, attachment, hunger, adoration, love, and now, lust. Though now that I've examined closely that aspect of me, I've concluded that I'll only ever feel desire for one person, and one person only. That being you, obviously.”
The pet name throws the detective off once again, but he recovers quickly, throwing open the file in his mind palace where he’s stored the meanings of all the species of flowers he’s aware of, courtesy of an intricate police case from some years ago; Mind palace-Sherlock pulls out and holds up the sought-after paper in triumph.
. Rosie is almost due to wake any moment now, and if Sherlock can get John to kindly let him go so he can get himself ready before the little one calls for him-
The two men barely talk for the rest of the day, seemingly in mutual understanding that they both require time to reacquaint themselves with the idea of co-existing in the shared living space once again.
He watches as Sherlock opens his eyes, those steel blue-green-gray eyes shining bright in the light of dusk streaming through the windows of 221B.
,” John breathes, his hand moving on its own accord, raised as if reaching out for his distressed friend.
- move this upstairs, yeah, wouldn't appreciate Mrs Hudson nagging at us for destroying her wallpaper,” John chuckled, removing himself from Sherlock's hold and moving to pull the younger man up the stairs with him.
” every time his arse met Sherlock’s groin. The younger man grunted into John’s neck, sucking new bruises into the otherwise unmarked skin, the hurried pace of their coupling doing nothing to slow the sparks of heat zipping from the base of his spine to his cock, nestled in the tight heat of John’s body. He lowered his head further, latching on to John’s nipple, the rosy pink bud hardening further under his ministrations. He bit lightly and soothed it right after with hard licks, paying the same attentions to the other nipple, spurred on by the encouraging curses and moans spewing out from the man above him.
,” before shuddering and stiffening as his cock hardened impossibly, releasing impressive amounts of come into John’s waiting hole, the force of this orgasm one he’d never felt before; Still his hips worked, letting John’s fluttering entrance milk him empty of all he had to give. It took almost a full minute before Sherlock had nothing left in him, collapsing in a limp jumble of limbs with John’s weight a comfortable anchor above him.
Sherlock kept his eyes locked with John’s as one hand snaked its way from John’s back, down the crack of his arse to settle on the end of the anal plug still inside the doctor. He traced the stretched rim of John’s hole with his finger, kissing away each gasp and moan. He playfully pressed the plug in a little deeper, laughing at John’s face, screwed in a conflicting look of pleasure and torture as it pressed against his prostate.
Sherlock takes a step back, his hand waving in a dismissive gesture. "It didn't matter at the time."
Sherlock is no longer looking at him, his head turned away, but the lighting in the room allow John to see that Sherlock is now properly crying, and it takes him a few seconds to register the tugging from where his hand is locked tight to Sherlock’s wrist.
“Hurry up and undress me, John,” Sherlock rumbles, eyes suddenly gone almost predatory. The sexual tension in the room is almost painful now, and John lets the effect of hearing that deep voice pool in his groin as he pushes Sherlock's shirt up and off. Sherlock does not hesitate to pull down his pyjama bottoms, too, until there he is, naked on the bed in nothing but those sinful silken black boxer briefs that leave nothing to the imagination.
Until the next morning, when he woke up expecting to be wrapped in the arms of the man he loved, only to find Victor's side of the bed cold, and a hasty note left on it, the message it contained leaving Sherlock devastated.
Sherlock felt the minute twitch of John's hips against his hands. He smiled, tracing the spot below the doctor's ear, revelling in the increased respiration on John's end.
John continues, "I still wish you'd taken me along with you, when you went away. You wouldn't have been alone, and I would have been there by your side every step of the way. Perhaps I wouldn't have been able to stop you from the torture they subjected you to, but at least I would have shouldered the burden and the pain with you, because- because you see, Sherlock, I have been in love with you since before you chose to die for me, and probably after we were at the pool with Moriarty. I loved you and I would have followed you to the very ends of the Earth if it meant I could keep you. I loved you then, and I still love you now."
It is obvious to anyone with eyes that Sherlock loves Rosie very much, and vice versa, and John doesn’t know what could have possessed him to think of a future where something untoward happens to him, but then he’d have nothing to worry about because Rosie would still have Sherlock, and he knows Sherlock would never let anything happen to his godchild –
John received that scar because he was working hard to save an injured soldier in the midst of a hailstorm of bullets. John has saved so many lives as a doctor and a soldier, but most importantly, as a friend, he has saved Sherlock, saved him from his demons.
He hears it again, this time sounding more pained. He'd recognise that underlying rumble anywhere; John sidles his way up the stairs and takes a careful peek around the slightly-opened door.
Downstairs, his phone buzzes with a frantic call from Molly, followed by an urgent text from Mycroft.
The body below John is almost at bursting point, he feels it in the way the legs wrapped around him tighten their grip and Sherlock's chest is heaving.
- as John spun their murder suspect’s beau all across the dance floor, a flirty grin plastered all over the blonde’s face. He even had the cheek to meet the detective’s fierce gaze as he was kissing the back of the lady's hand, asking her for a dance.
“Yeah, I’ve got you, Sherlock, don’t worry, I’m here, I’ve got you,” John gasps, hand reaching behind him to locate the bottle of lube. He finds it, single-handedly flicking the cap open and inverting the bottle just enough to squeeze enough onto his open palm. He throws the bottle into the shadow of the bed behind Sherlock, and somehow manages to warm up the lube. John brings this hand downwards steadily towards Sherlock’s arse, insinuating his fingers in the warm, warm crease between the two cheeks and further down to glance over Sherlock’s entrance and to the perineum. The man in his arms lets out a full body shudder and moans loud enough that it almost sets John off like a rocket.
“You love me?” John pipes up, eyes lighting up and warmth blooming in his chest. He refuses to let Sherlock's last sentences take control over him.
He feels Sherlock’s cold, spindly fingers, and ever so gently, fits his own roughened ones in between to clasp their hands together - it isn’t much, but if Sherlock’s answering upward twitch of his mouth is any indication, it’s a good start for the both of them.
On a brighter note, the next update will be on *edit*Friday, and I fully intend to have the boys get a move on with a fresh start and - of course - the romance soon after, maybe? Yay!
“Greg?” John calls, as he opens the door, revealing a breathless detective inspector on his doorstep. The man is red-faced, sweaty and looking to be on the edge of a minor panic attack.
- as he recalibrates his senses. Eyes fluttering open, the bright white colours fade into the background, bringing the familiar figure of one Mycroft Holmes into stark contrast. He lets out the strained breath from his lungs in one rapid gush, taking in deep lungfuls of life-giving air to calm his frantic heart, the beeping on his right decreasing as the minutes ticked by.
His partner leaned forward then, unacceptably close to the woman's face, turning his head to whisper something into her ear; She laughed, head thrown back in what is undoubtedly the most exaggerated expression of mirth Sherlock has ever seen. Her hands flew up to grasp at John's shoulder and snake around his waist, subtly yet not-so-subtly squeezing as she flopped her head forwards to rest forehead-to-forehead with John.
, over and over, waiting for Sherlock to catch up, and when his lover starts rutting against John’s thigh on his own, John lets go, holds tight to those bony hips and slots his face under Sherlock’s to press his nose into sweaty skin and inhale the sweet, slightly spicy, musky scent that is unmistakably
His eyes get to work immediately, scanning through the first paragraph - wait. He pauses, rereads from the beginning. He scans the words above it to confirm what he thought he was reading.
Sherlock shudders at the thought of it. He shudders, and whatever sensible thoughts he thinks he’s gathered in his mind scatter, carried away by a nonexistent gale of wind.
, John did not dare ask more of Sherlock; he would never put himself first and pressure Sherlock into taking their relationship further. Even if Sherlock decides he never wants a physical relationship, then it’s fine. It’s all
I've been miserable these few days, people are annoying and they don't get that I can't change my personality and/or the way I am and can't they just leave me alone?? P.S if you're wondering why I'm like this, look up the INFJ personality type. You'll get why I'm sensitive about this all the time. Extroverts don't try to understand introverts, and that is why people like me suffer in silence.
On the outside, Sherlock may appear perfectly calm, but internally, the detective is on the verge of pulling his hair out in anxiousness. He has no relevant experience whatsoever in regards to romance, and John seems fully intent on making up for all the missed opportunities between them and romancing the hell out of the man from now on, beginning with the dinner later that evening.
“She’s due for her nap very soon. I had Mycroft’s minions pack enough of your clothes for a week’s stay. What happens afterwards is all up to you.”
“Who’s the ‘lucky bastard’? Me?” Sherlock asks, positively bouncing in his seat, caught up in the flirting game and eager to reach the conclusion.
John shifts focus from the light dusting of dark hair on Sherlock's chest to the trail of hair from Sherlock's navel leading downwards to a fine nest of curls. Sherlock's cock is fully hard, the foreskin retracted, the rest flushed and leaking; in fact is it just like the rest of that pale body -- long and slender.
“Time for bed, Watson,” Sherlock croons, laying the drowsy girl in her cot, tucking the blanket and arranging Rosie’s current favourite plush toy - a fuzzy bumblebee named simply “Bee” and given to her by yours truly - by her side. She sighs in that endearing, soft way of hers, before promptly nodding off to sleep.
“Do I know this maybe-boyfriend, then? What is he like?” John asks, taking on the most innocent of pretend-smiles Sherlock’s ever seen anyone pull off.
He’s seen that face before, during Sherlock’s best man speech. As the man stood there regaling tales of their adventures, Sherlock had looked down at John in between, the same feelings writ large on his open, expressive face. There was something else then, now that John were to think about it. Sherlock’s smile was more a frown, but John had known Sherlock long enough at that point to make out the subtle changes in his mood.
John knows that this is a risky move, asking your best friend to babysit your child after all you’ve put him through. But Sherlock loves Rosie - this John knows without a doubt - and maybe having the baby around will serve enough of a distraction for the consulting detective. Anything is better that seeing the man succumb to the demons of his past and present.
John continued, undeterred by what appeared to be the routine sulking session on Sherlock’s end. “Well. I take it you managed to apprehend the husband? You know I don’t like it when you go after a murderer alone.”
Certain that Sherlock is alright with his current pacing, John continues his ministrations, laving wet kisses on both sides of that long neck, occasionally brushing his lips on the strong line of that jaw and eventually covering Sherlock's mouth with his own. This time however, he introduces his tongue into the equation, his tongue darting out to press between those full lips, seeking permission. With a sigh, Sherlock gives in and parts his lips to allow John to explore his mouth.
“Good god,” John breathes, giving his own cock a squeeze at the base, his eyes squeezed shut, willing his arousal to simmer down. Not wanting to waste any more time, he pushes in his middle finger alongside the first, watching hungrily as Sherlock's body swallowed them up eagerly, his other hand preoccupied with kneading the plump arse before him.
“To cut the long story short, since we both know you hate it when I’m long winded; The paler-coloured one represents what I felt for you that very first time we came here to Angelo’s, and the darker one quite simply tells of how my feelings have evolved for you over the countless times we’ve returned to this restaurant. The deep red carnation symbolises all that I have to offer you tonight, Sherlock,” John proclaims, his eyes suspiciously misty in the dim lighting of their surroundings. “That very first night, you’d already enraptured me; There you were, beautiful and clever and you were so out of this world, Sherlock, that when I couldn’t sleep a wink that night because I was struggling to comprehend that you were real, and not just a figment of my imagination. I hope you’d remember why ‘heartache’ came into play - for me - that night?”
sex, and this was no different. This time round though, Sherlock's possessiveness and jealousy promised for more than just great sex.
John stepped forward, running his hand down the length of Sherlock’s arm in an attempt to soothe him. “It’s up to you, love. I don’t want to make you do anything you don’t feel comfortable with.”
“Fuck, I've been dreaming of this for so long, and it feels even better than I imagined,” John gasps, mouth full of Sherlock's collarbone, hands squeezing Sherlock's butt cheeks on reflex. “You have no right flaunting these in public.”
That same morning, Sherlock took cocaine for the first time. He lost all semblence of self-control, and petty things like emotions, he shoved to the back of his mind palace and left them there to gather dust. He was broken, his demons taking over him. He trusted no-one, not even himself.
Sherlock is saved from answering the question by Angelo arriving with their favourite pasta dishes, accompanied by two glasses and an impressive bottle of Merlot. Sherlock raises an eyebrow at the choice of wine, but Angelo just shrugs and scampers away, and John simply beams at him even more.
Sherlock seems to have lost all sense of talking as all he lets out at this point are moans and whines. John can only laugh softly at this, smoothing down Sherlock's curls, steadily driving into him with every thrust. He is close.
Three hours later, Sherlock stands in front of the mirror in his room, eyeing his reflection from head to toe. He’s dressed in his maroon dress shirt - one of John’s absolute favourite shirts on him, this Sherlock knows to a tee - and an all-black suit. He still has half an hour to go before the two of them are due to head out to Angelo’s, but Sherlock could not resist taking the extra time to properly groom himself: shaving the hint of stubble just barely shadowing his face and styling the curls on his head so that each and every strand stays put in impeccable waves.
“Yeah well, if I didn’t know any better, I’d say you’re a better father to her than I ever was,” John snickers, but there is no bitterness behind his words. “Then that day came when we thought someone had taken Rosie, only to find that she had simply crawled into one of Mrs Hudson’s many cupboards, and you had that look on your face as your held her and teared up as you kissed her hair - don’t look at me like that, you really did cry - only then did I realise that you and Rosie were all I ever needed, my family, right here where I belong. I made love to you for the first time that night, after we had tucked Rosie in to bed and stood there watching her for what had to be hours. I remember all of it, from the moment we kissed for the first time, to the way you look disheveled and blissed out with release, your long limbs wrapping around me like I was your own personal burrito.”
“I do, John. I care about you.” Sherlock fights the impulse to hide, so he straightens himself once again, head bowed but his expressions open, letting all of the love and pain and affection show on his face.
“John, mmph, get on with it..” Sherlock moans, turning his head to press his flushed face into the pillows underneath them. “Bossy,”, John chuckles, finally settling his fingers on the rim of Sherlock's entrance. He massages the whorl of skin, coaxing the muscles to relax. After about a minute or so, he strains upwards to kiss Sherlock's temple.
“Your refractory period is impressive,” John points out, nibbling his way back to Sherlock’s mouth for a kiss. He rewards the man writhing between him with another thrust, releasing a shuddering breath as he struggles to comprehend that this is really happening.
Rosie laughs in response. “Sha- Sh’lah!” she screams, clapping her hands and positively bouncing in her car seat. “Dada,” she squeaks again, and John hurriedly hands her over to Mrs Hudson, unwilling to let himself cry in front of his daughter.
Later that evening, John returns to 221B from the latest session with his therapist with a new light in his eyes and a single purple hyacinth held delicately in his right hand.
"I wasn't expecting you to proclaim your love for me. I never saw it coming, Sherlock. You remember, that very first day, when you made sure I knew that you were
He finds John’s hand, pulling him down until his front is flush with Sherlock’s back, the full body contact making both men shudder. John gasps, elbows braced on each side of the man below him as he chases his orgasm, leaving a trail of bites down Sherlock’s neck, The taste of him, the needy sounds punctuating the air and the combined scent of sweat and pheromones from their lovemaking leaves John gasping for air, keening as he feels Sherlock start to tense up.
Sherlock trailed his hands up towards John’s chest, quickly finding his nipples, flicking and pinching them, knowing how sensitive they were, revelling in the breathless moans that escaped John’s mouth. He grinned, ignoring John’s straining erection save for a teasing brush of the pads of his fingers across the front of his boxer briefs. He broke their kiss, mouthing his way down that tempting stretch of skin before him and towards his favourite part of John’s body: the gunshot scar on the shoulder, the very thing that brought John Watson to Sherlock Holmes. This he worshipped with tentative brushes of his lips, murmuring soothing declarations of love over each and every fold of healing and healed skin, his hands caressing John’s sides, leaving goosebumps in his wake.
Sherlock had opened his arms, allowing John to see into his heart, full and bursting of love to give, and John had pushed him away, too afraid and filled with shame to accept that love.
John gapes open-mouthed at him. “Fucking hell, Sherlock,” he growls, low, grabbing a stray pillow and shoving it under Sherlock's raised hips. “Lube?”
Sherlock draws back once again to answer him. “I've never been more sure in my life. John, I've never been more sure of
John Watson, the one person whom Sherlock loves with all his being and the one he’d ever hoped to be worthy of being loved by in return.
, fuck, harder, mm-” Sherlock whimpers, hand reaching behind him to grasp at John's hip, reaching for something, anything-
“More than anything, sweetheart. Please,” John pleads softly, brushing a light kiss on that cupid’s bow.
, more, I need, I need-” Sherlock moans, left hand snaking down to settle on the top of John’s head, the other hand alternately grasping at his own hair and the bed sheets. As John takes him to the root, he glances up to take in Sherlock’s form, stretched and restless, chest and neck mottled in a pretty pink flush. Reaching up, he pinches two pink, pert nipples, delighting in the obscenely loud moan that escapes the taller man’s mouth.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow when the doctor didn't bother removing the top half of his clothes, choosing instead to drop to his knees with a wince, deftly unbuttoning Sherlock's trousers while mouthing at the impressive bulge right in front of him. Sherlock banged his head against the wall behind him at the humid, wet heat against the length of his cock, taking in shuddering breaths as he heard the sound of the zipper being pulled down and assisting, eyes closed, as John pulled down his trousers and pants in one go, throwing them in the general direction of their chairs.
He lifts the duvet- ah, trust John to divest him of his suit and redress him in well-worn pajama bottoms and nothing else. Sherlock grins to himself, stretching languidly, getting rid of the kinks in his stiff joints. He tosses aside the duvet and gets up to throw on his dressing gown, but before he can reach for the doorknob of the bedroom, the door opens to reveal Rosie, her tiny feet pitter-pattering as she barrels straight into Sherlock.
John hadn’t understood a lot of things about Sherlock since the detective returned from the fall, it seemed.
Sherlock held on tight, spreading John’s arse cheeks, loving the loud squelching noises of his cock fucking John’s hole raw. His hips were starting to tire from exertion but he held on, keeping up a constant pace. John was mewling above him, and he’d swear he could feel John’s own limp penis between them starting to plump up once more.
-- which John proceeds to worship a little more. “God, yes,” John moans, smoothing his hands down the sides of Sherlock's ribs.
In the fifteen minutes since the doctors gave them the all-clear to visit Sherlock, John had thought long and hard about everything he and Sherlock have been through; All the joy, apprehension, hurt and excitement and everything in between. For the first time in his life, John Watson lets himself see the big picture, and what he sees there fills his soul with hope and trepidation.
, and spent a spectacular night in bed that first time - followed by Sherlock clinging to every part of John he could reach - the taller man had decided once and for all that full-on body contact was something he would very much like to explore further.
John’s made himself a vow not to follow in his father’s footsteps, but recent events proved otherwise.
Satisfied, John pulls his fingers out, adding a bit more lube to his eager cock before laying a gentle hand on Sherlock's hips to get him into position. Settling on his knees, he drapes himself fully on top of his lover - John has to pause to absorb this new piece of information - to mouth at the back of that long neck.
The detective cries out internally, mystified that John has seemingly turned him into a creature thoroughly affected and sensitised by another’s touch. He pulls himself back into the present just in time for John to ask: “Yes, they are. What do they signify, love?”
On a lighter note, the chapters each will not be long, unless absolutely necessary. First thing being that each chapter is an alternating pov between John and Sherlock, and really, when you're weighed down with work in real life, it's easier to write shorter chapters more often than struggle to write a long chapter and take weeks to do it. Anyhoo, I hope my writing isn't boring you guys already, hee.
“I can’t possibly argue with that, John,” Sherlock chuckles, a welcome warmth blooming in his chest and spreading through the rest of his body, leaving his extremities tingling. At their feet, Rosie thumps her hands impatiently, sending more baking flour everywhere. John grins at the sight, bending down to pick up his inquisitive daughter, seemingly unbothered at getting his clothes in a mess in the process. He croons to her and she answers with her typical baby talk, patting John’s cheek with a flour-caked hand until half of his face is ghostly white.
“Hey. Sherlock,” John drops a kiss atop the detective’s nose. “My love. Do you really want to know?”
Depending on how you see it (and your tolerance to feels), I may or may have not left you all with another cliffhanger. For that, I am truly sorry.
So yeah.. If you're still here following my story, I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I can't thank you enough for being patient with me.
“Ah, this is better, I couldn’t sit right with that thing inside me,” John laughed, careful not to disturb their car driver further. Straddling Sherlock, he moved his hips, slowly, torturously, swallowing the detective’s moans, brushing against the bulge in Sherlock’s trousers only at every other pass. Hands groped and mouths lingered, and the air in the back of the car was becoming steadily heated.
“Uh- Sorry, didn’t see the ring there, I swear-” Mrs Roberts spluttered, hands at her chest as if scandalised, but Sherlock has no time for dramatics and he really, really needed to get them both home right this minute. He turned to face John -
“J-J- John!” Sherlock whined, his body tightening with impending release, their hands interlocked in a painful grip that kept John’s eyes open, desperate to see his lover come undone.
Sherlock merely raises his eyebrows, surrendering to the discomfort and settling back onto the hospital bed. A tense, silent minute passes before he decides that he simply does not have the strength to be playing mind games with his older brother. His head is throbbing, and Sherlock has the sudden urge to tear himself free from the bed and flee back into the night. Just as he is about to make a smart remark that may irritate Mycroft enough to give him space, the other man breaks the silence.
“Why?” asked Sherlock, propping his head on the hands folded on John’s chest, his intense green-blue eyes meeting John’s deep cobalt blue ones.
“It's alright, let me hear you,” John soothes. “If it ever feels like it's too much, let me know, okay love?”
They make haste towards the A&E, and after a few urgent words with the counter staff, both men find themselves outside the operating theatre, with Mycroft pacing the floors, the
Seeing his hand close to Rosie’s lights a fierce flare of self-contempt in John; his hands have recently done nothing but punched, prodded, grabbed and shoved. John’s hands landed Sherlock in hospital, battered and bruised; The same hands that served him well in his military life, and with which he’d cared for his daughter, are now tainted with hidden scars of abuse and pain.
“Brilliant,” John praises, and the open expression on his face immediately reminds Sherlock of that very first fateful night in Angelo’s all those years ago, where the two of them were none the wiser. “Want to know why I chose these two, Sherlock?”
“What in God's name-” John gasped, hissing through his teeth as he registered the presence of a prominent bulge in the detective’s bespoke trousers.
John pulls back, puts some distance between them. His hand shoots up to muffle his voice as a fresh wave of tears glisten and threaten to overflow.
Evidently, no one wants him. Sherlock accepts this truth with a heavy heart and a hollow feeling in his chest.
“God, thank you, Sherlock, thank you,” John sniffles through a rush of tears as he struggles to focus on Sherlock’s ring finger, slipping the silver band on, snug, right to where it belonged. “God, I can’t believe - I love you so much, you have to know that. Thank you for giving me this.”
” that went unsaid at the end of Sherlock's plea and that he was not just asking to resume their lovemaking. Their coupling is not just about pleasure; it is only a physical testament to how well they fit as a unit and is a way for John to show Sherlock how much he is desired, wanted and needed - -
“Sherlock?” John cuts in, breaking the kiss and resting his forehead against the other man’s, both taking the opportunity to get their breathing back under control. “Are you okay with this?” he emphasises with a cursory brush of his hand to Sherlock's sacrum. Not quite there, but it is enough of a tease.
“Fuck, Sherlock, your hands, uh..” John whined, his fingers leaving red marks all over Sherlock’s hand as he fought the urge to unzip and pull down his pants
attractive for other people,” Sherlock growled, taking a beat to ease the sleeves and the remains of the shirt off of John’s torso and throwing it on the floor. “I’ll procure a replacement later.”
His nerves are set alight, and Sherlock can’t help but worry that he may not make it through dinner without spontaneously combusting.
,” Sherlock almost barked, pulling John along with him, out into the cold January air and flagging down the first available cab in sight. They got in, the both of them pressed shoulder to toe for the whole cab ride to Baker Street, the tension palpable in the air.
“Of course,” John giggled, rolling his eyes, surging up to retaliate with another rough kiss. The both of them worked hand in hand to remove Sherlock’s shirt, and subsequently both of their trousers until they were naked save for their pants, both barely managing to conceal their burgeoning erections.
“There you are, I missed you,” John whispers, leaning forward. This time Sherlock relents, licking and tasting his way into John's mouth, both men content to be sharing each other's breath, to bask in each other's presence like a welcome oasis in an unforgiving desert. John voices his relief in a loud sigh that he lets bleed into the warm mouth covering his own. Not breaking the kiss, he reaches down and pulls Sherlock’s right leg up and over John’s hip, slotting his own left leg in between Sherlock’s. His thigh is pressing directly on Sherlock’s cock, now only half-hard from the earlier pause in proceedings. Adjusting a little more, he gasps when a tentative thrust of the hips from Sherlock catches him by surprise, rubbing Sherlock’s heavy testicles in a delicious friction against his skin.
“Don’t think I didn’t deduce that you have a public sex kink,” Sherlock whispered, mouth brushing hotly over John’s nape. “I’ve seen your porn collection on your laptop, as you know.”
A familiar voice cuts through the haze, its sound a welcome anchor onto which Sherlock desperately grabs onto.
“Sh-lah?” Rosie giggles from where she sits on his lap. She’s only just started discovering words, but already seems to be competent in grasping basic pronunciation. “Da? Da!” she giggles some more, clapping her hands together before sucking one fist into her mouth.
Sherlock scrambled to get ready, throat closed too tight in excitement to say anything than grunt in agreement. Retrieving the lube, he coated his fingers, bringing them to John's hole, two fingers slipping in easily.
“All the times I ever allowed myself to slip and give in to weakness, all the times I allowed myself to feel something for you,” Sherlock replies, his chin to his chest, his body trying to curl up into a fetal position - Sherlock’s default state whenever he is upset, or in a strop. “I’ll delete it all so you can be rest assured that I regard you as only a friend, and nothing more.”
So I'm here to let you know that I will finally be able to put up the next chapter by next weekend (23rd/24th sept) and we'll be back with the boys hopefully working on who they were to each other and figuring out how they could heal from all I've put them through in this story.
“I allowed this only because it would do Sherlock a lot of good and get him to stop wasting time wallowing in his self-pity,” Mycroft borderline-snarled, the disdain visibly dripping from his mouth like acrid poison. “Do not think that dropping Rosie into his arms would change anything.”
John smiles that smile reserved for Sherlock, and Sherlock alone. He tightens his hold on the younger man. He takes a deep breath.
“John? Is everything alright? I wasn’t due to go to Baker Street for another hour...” she speaks, timid and uncertain. Rosie wriggles in her arms, having spotted her father in the doorway.
Sherlock can feel his eyes burning, tears threatening to spill – and spill they do, the detective pulling John back in and squeezing him tight, his mouth pressed to John’s hair, the familiar scent of him comforting, a healing balm for his heartache. He releases his hold on all of the pain he’s bottled up tight, watching them crumble into dust and escape out the open door of his mind palace as his love for the broken man in his arms engulfs him.
“I can’t look at that coat the same way ever again now, it’ll only remind me of when I was being fucked into blissful oblivion by my brilliant, gorgeous, sexy-as-all-fuck boyfriend.”
John stopped trying to figure out the man a long time ago and learned to just take it as it is. Maybe both of them were just afraid of bursting that little bubble of contentedness, satisfied with their bond that blossomed with each day that passes by.
As they cross the threshold, John pauses to close the door behind them. Turning back to Sherlock, he gives a reassuring smile and squeeze to the long fingers wrapped in his own. He stares at those cat-like eyes. They radiate trust, and utmost love that John gets his breath taken away once more. Sherlock is beautiful in the encroaching moonlight, and he cannot begin to imagine the same man as he will be in a few moments, except fully undressed.
John hates the distance between them, the mere metres between him and Sherlock feeling more and more like an inescapable chasm with every second that passes. He watches as Sherlock balls up the blanket covering his legs, breaking their gaze as he looks down and away.
“I can, quite confidently, tell you that it is not the detective inspector.” Sherlock takes another sip of his wine, the tartness of the flavour burning a welcome path over his tastebuds and down his throat.
“G- god, Sherlock, please forgive me,” John moans, his fingers grasping, scratching at Sherlock’s dressing gown. He burrows himself even further into Sherlock’s embrace and Sherlock lets him, overwhelmed at how stricken his friend sounds, gasping for air, like he is unable to get enough oxygen, like he is on the verge of a panic attack.
John's arms, supporting his weight, start to tremble, so he lowers himself to press his body with Sherlock's from the chest downwards. He gives a small roll of his hips, delighting in the moan that erupts from the detective's mouth. Sliding a forearm underneath Sherlock's head and the other caressing Sherlock's face, John pulls out halfway before thrusting back in, trying his hardest to rein himself in and not come too fast, wound up tight as he already is.
“Sher-!” John cries out, desperate to get back to his best friend, but truth be told, John no longer trusts himself to do anything right anymore.
John is extraordinary. He is patient, and kind, and the strongest man Sherlock knows. He does not love easily-- to gain his full trust is a privilege in itself. For all that Sherlock is, he still cannot comprehend why John has chosen to love him. John Watson loves Sherlock Holmes fiercely and irrevocably.
Slowly, John mirrors his lover, pulling his legs up to kneel on the sofa, closing the distance between them. He reaches out and takes Sherlock’s free hand, the ring in the other splendid and elegant in its beauty; his eyes are shiny with unshed tears, and Sherlock struggles to keep in the emotions threatening to burst out of his chest any moment now.
John is fully seated now, and both men are as still as they can be, still coming to terms with what is happening, both basking in the love radiating from the other, both overwhelmed with so much need and also disbelief that they have made it to this point, that they are joined, they have filled the gap in their hearts and that certainly one cannot possibly live without the other.
“Sherlock- I know the past year hasn’t been the easiest. We’ve been through more than any decent human being deserves to endure in his lifetime. We’ve lost the ones we love; we gained new ones along the way. But through it all, you were the constant in my life, Sherlock. You never gave up on me, even when I was being a dick and only caused your more pain. You didn’t hesitate to welcome me back into 221B. You embraced Rosie as if she was your flesh and blood.”
The little girl starts bouncing in Sherlock’s arm - excited with the prospect of seeing her beloved Mrs Hudson - whipping her head around, golden hair almost slapping Sherlock in the face, much to John’s amusement. She leans in and plants a big wet kiss on Sherlock’s right cheek and he rewards her with a kiss on her forehead in return. “Paaa!” she laughs, and Sherlock finds that his eyes have gone mysteriously misty. He passes her over to John’s steady arms, and watches as father and daughter make their way downstairs to 221A.
Rosie’s soft baby sounds permeate his thoughts, and John looks down to where the toddler slumbers, unaware of her father’s dilemma. “If there’s one thing I hope to never fail at, it’s being a father to you, darling girl,” John smiles, reaching a hand in to touch his daughter’s soft baby skin. The touch stirs the baby, but just barely, as she shifts into her father’s touch. John’s heart swells at the sight, but his smile quickly drops as his mind clouds over with thoughts of Sherlock all alone in 221B, with no one to keep him occupied, or listen to him speak his musings aloud. If it is true what Mrs Hudson said, that Sherlock had not even left the flat to solve cases for the Yard, then that is what really gets John worried - the realisation that there is literally nothing there that can distract the detective from falling headfirst into another relapse, one bad enough that Sherlock may never recover from.
“No,” Sherlock agrees, sadly. His chin moves to settle on top of his friend’s head, feeble, uncertain, and afraid of exposing how much he cares. “But it is what it is.” He slows his breathing, willing John to gather himself and giving the man time to let out his grief.
“Uh..” John tensed, grabbing Sherlock's hand where it was now minutely rubbing against John's steadily hardening cock. He blew out a breath, pressing the hand firmly down. “You're unbelievable..”
He can’t stay there any longer. With a brisk, “Goodbye, Mrs Hudson,” John blows a kiss to his daughter before returning to his seat in the car, closing the door and nodding at the driver. The car sets off, and it takes him a full five minutes before he realises that he is covering his eyes with one hand - hot, wet tears dampening it while his right clutches Sherlock’s letter where it sits by his side.
Sherlock falls to the floor with a strangled cry, clutching his chest where it burns. He feels his heartbeat pick up, irregular, the bundle of muscles thumping wildly as it struggles to find its rhythm.
Sherlock ponders alarmingly, fidgeting under John’s gaze. It is not unpleasant, but intense enough that he can’t help but squirm a little bit under the attention. It is as if John-the-soldier has come to the forefront, undeterred and intent on his next conquest. The thought of being under that gaze in a more intimate setting comes unbidden to the fore, and Sherlock hurriedly pushes the thought away lest he embarrass himself. He clears his throat and shakes his head slowly from side to side, all the while maintaining the eye contact.
“Sh- Sherlock, god, please,” John whimpered, scrabbling for purchase as Sherlock slid down, licking and biting until he was kneeling on the floor, eye level with John’s arse. Slowly, oh so slowly, he slid the black boxer briefs down over the sinful curves of John’s arse, breathing hot bursts of air as each new stretch of skin was revealed. Once he helped John step out of the pants, he dove straight in, kneading his husband’s arse with his large hands, pulling them apart to reveal the pink pucker and the heavy bollocks underneath.
Another bright ember catches Sherlock’s attention. He turns to it, cradling it in his palms as best as he could as the memory assaults his senses. Sherlock gasps as he recalls the morning John made it known that he considered Sherlock to be his very best friend. The kitchen is alight with the smell of burning flesh and the birds outside the window have gone quiet. Sherlock had been so startled by the revelation, that he had to take an embarrassingly long time to reboot his hard drive and react.
The two men scrambled to get out the car, John hissing as the movement jolted the plug inside him. He barely managed to get the door open, throwing himself forward to waddle in an ungainly way to the front steps, hands fumbling to find the keys in his pocket and open the door. Sherlock followed closely behind, but not before knocking on the driver's window and throwing a wad of cash at the suited chauffeur.
“John!” Sherlock rumbled, his deep baritone sending shockwaves down both their bodies. “I don’t like it. It took us a long time to get where we are and I don’t like feeling like I can lose you anytime to some strutting, buxom woman. You were a ladies’ man most of your life and…” he cut off, connecting their lips in another bruising kiss.
He feels John's presence right beside him, radiating warmth and concern. "Are the bastards dead?" the doctor whispers into the still air between them, to which Sherlock answers with a small nod.
Minutes passed. Just before he succumbed to endorphins and the deep pull of sleep, John Watson reached out to grab the sketch, and blindly held it up for Sherlock to see. “Do I get your approval?” he slurred, only to find that a snore answered him.
Sherlock could only watch, unmoving in his chair, as John Watson fell apart in front of his very eyes.
“I appreciate you letting me do this, Mycroft,” John says, his eyes lowering to the carpet beneath his feet, hot red shame filling his cheeks.
!” Sherlock wailed into his husband's neck, thrusting and pounding once, twice, three times hard, his limbs screaming of exhaustion, before opening his mouth and sucking hard on the side of John's neck, breaking the surface blood vessels, nursing the beginnings of what was sure to be a brilliant bruise; He released the skin in a silent cry, hips jerking in quick, minute thrusts as his body stilled, his cock spurting a copious amount of come, coating John's insides, leaving no doubt as to whom John Watson belonged.
“Oh, Sherlock. Don't think about it anymore, alright, love? Harry was a downright twit, and she still is.”
Again, the Belstaff would do nicely as an extra layer of protection from the incoming downpour. It was also a convenient cover for something else that has come to attention.
From this chapter forward, the story will be told purely from Sherlock's POV. I find it easier to convey the story that way, as I know how Sherlock feels, from time to time.
John lifts his head, meeting his gaze. His midnight-blue eyes are glazed over, his mouth pinched in a tight line. He stares at Sherlock with a look so blank, the detective wanted to take it all back, take back the three words that he never thought he would ever, ever say out loud from the very moment Sherlock Holmes declared himself a sociopath, unfeeling and devoid of all human weaknesses.
translate to the fact that something happened to the two of you, something unsavoury, quite certainly, that drove my brother to his old habits without hesitation?”
, John,” Sherlock breathed, eyes raising in shame, but what he could find in the deep cobalt blue irises meeting his gaze was only of deep adoration and love, and Sherlock could only grin in return.
Scars are now a prominent feature of Sherlock Holmes’s person; Each and every one of them tell a different story, like the small rounded marks on the inside of his left elbow that stemmed from drug use and the numerous streaks of raised damaged flesh - most are still in the process of healing - peppering the whole of his back resulting from the harsh blows Sherlock received at the hands of his captors during his time away in Eastern Europe.
“Tell me,” Sherlock says, turning to nuzzle his nose against Rosie’s temple where the toddler is propped up on his left hip, twirling her tiny fingers through his curly hair. “Let me in.”
“Yup,” John says, settling Rosie into her high chair before sidling up to the detective. “I asked her before I came up. She was delighted to have Rosie over for company, and even moreso when I told her we were going on a date. She also managed to hint that she’d be happy to keep Rosie there overnight, if need be.” The last sentence John gushes out in one breath, his eyes averted to a spot to Sherlock’s right and the slightest hint of colour dotting his cheeks.
He wanted John to come first however, so Sherlock quickly braced John against the wall as he adjusted the angle of his thrusts so that with every push, the head of his cock pressed right on John’s prostate. With brutal accuracy, he pistoned his hips, driving John up the wall inch by inch with every thrust. He licked the sweat beading on John’s skin, the salt just under his jaw. He licked his way into the soft lobe of John’s ear, mouth hot against the skin behind it. With every minute, John’s keening grew louder and louder, and Sherlock knew what he had to do to help John come.
John bends forward to press his lips in a soft kiss in the middle of his daughter’s forehead, the gesture lingering and tasting of salt from his tears.
“Almost there,” John promises, kissing Sherlock long and hard, sucking on his bottom lip and bringing his mouth around to nip on Sherlock's earlobe and then making his way down the strong line of that jaw to press a firm kiss on the freckle near the base of that pale, sensuous throat.
Sherlock swallows the thick lump that has suddenly made itself known in his throat, finding himself not hesitating to nod his head with unrestrained enthusiasm. “Am I being courted?” he squeaks, the uncharacteristic noise startling him. John responds with a nervous laugh, rubbing the back of his neck, a lovely flush blooming across his face.
“An eternity with you, my family, by my side.” This Sherlock announces, with certainty and fierce willpower.
The detective smiles wide as he recites the significance of each of the flowers. “The light red one symbolises admiration and heartache whilst the deeper red carnation stands for deep love and affection.”
Looking all around him, Sherlock notes that the happy memories far outweigh the sad; Where there are gaping black holes - the most painful thoughts he’s had concerning John - there are brilliant stars all around it, too bright to extinguish. Sherlock has the fleeting memory of reading up on black holes and the absolute absence of light within them, - more to impress John than Sherlock would care to admit - and he can only give in to the flashback of when he and John had been looking up at the brilliance of the night sky above them during that case with the Blind Banker.
Their thrusting has now increased speed, and John can feel himself hurtling towards the precipice, he is almost there, right at the very edge. Sherlock is moaning little “
“It's just a scratch, it's nothing,” the consulting detective had reassured, grasping John's wrist where it was about to examine the injury. “Scratch or not, let me take care of you,” John had whispered, but it was the
“What do you mean, delete it all?” John gasps, taking one, two steps forwards. He is terrified, his chest throbbing in hurt and shame at the sight of Sherlock breaking in front of him.
Sherlock can’t help it but laugh at the unorthodox choice of words, but oh he loves John so much and yet - “Are you sure you want this?”
He starts stroking himself from root to tip, twisting his wrist on the upstroke as he times the speed of his strokes with each jerk of Sherlock's hips. His partner is absolutely writhing on the bed, having removed his hand from his arse; he is rocking forward in abandon, back muscles flexing deliciously, arse clenching painfully as he humps the pillow below him.
John shakes off the fogginess in his head, eyes roaming over Sherlock's lithe, sweaty form. His arse is perfectly unmarked, smooth, perfectly pale. Sherlock may be all bone, but evidently what little food he allows himself to consume now and then tended to go straight to his bottom.
“I know,” John had whispered, into the phone, his face glistening with silent tears of his own. “But I can’t come see him yet. He needs space away from me, for- For his sake.”
“Is it birthday sex?” Sherlock teases, only to receive a poke in his ribs with a yelp as John giggles above him, leaning down to kiss him deeply and with all the love he can muster. Sherlock melts into the kiss, his hands reaching up to grab hold of John’s nape and upper arm. His bottom lip slots in between both of John’s, and he lets go a breathy moan as John sucks and nips on the flesh offered to him.
They meet halfway, Rosie clapping her hands in excitement while simultaneously trying to grab and stuff more cake into her face. Sherlock holds her just out of arm’s reach, shaking his head at John but no words come to him.
It feels like forever, but mere minutes after they left John’s house, the familiar facade of Speedy’s Cafe comes into view. The car pulls up to the kerb, and John lets himself out of the car, going over to Rosie’s side to unbuckle her.
John whined, desperate for relief, scratching his nails down Sherlock’s back as he tried to turn his lover’s attentions to his weeping cock. He gasped as Sherlock finally gave him a light stroke from root to tip, crying out, “God, Sherlock, just fuck me, something, anything,
“Don’t you dare,” Sherlock hissed in the direction of a shell-shocked Mrs Roberts, grabbing John by the waist and pulling him flush against his body. ”You may want to put more effort into finding out what your husband has been doing behind your back and thus the reason for your dwindling marriage before you go about seducing other people’s spouses.” He thrust John’s left hand at her face, the shiny white gold ring glinting in the bright lights. “He’s
Sherlock hid a smirk, pulling John tighter against him. The truth was, ever since the two of them got together properly, like a proper
“Bossy,” John says, removing himself from the bed, stripping his shirt and bottoms off in record speed, eager to return to the bed as quick as possible. He settles back on the sheets, nudging Sherlock to lay on his back, but he refuses to budge. “Please, Sherlock?”
And then Sherlock is coming, his body going taut in John's arms, and his mouth opens in a wordless cry as he paints their stomachs and John's hand with warm, sticky release, Sherlock's cock pulsing hard. John holds him tight, planting kisses wherever he can reach. Moments later, the body clenching down rhythmically on John's throbbing erection combined with the joy and awe of witnessing Sherlock's orgasm pushes the army doctor over the edge as well, his hips jerking into the tight heat of Sherlock's body over and over as he marks Sherlock's insides with waves of sticky love.
“Breathe for me Sherlock, mmm, that's it, you're doing beautifully, love.” John murmurs. He is rocking his lower body against Sherlock's more insistently now, his erection throbbing like never before, seeking out more warmth and contact with the willing body entwined with his. His nerves are alight with anticipation, that finally,
And, as usual, send me feedback on how I'm doing. Any form of criticism keeps me striving to give you all my best I can offer in this story. Much love to everyone <3
As Sherlock's words bounce off the bathroom walls, the pitiful sounds of hitched, clogged breathing accompany them. The detective brings his right hand to his eyes, and it comes away wet with salt and tears.
He walks briskly to the black car waiting, sliding into the back seat and securing Rosie’s car seat before the car pulls away from the pavement. He looks up, and meets the neutral gaze of Sherlock’s elder brother.
Sherlock is clenching down on the intrusion into his body, and John can do nothing more than bite down on his lower lip to keep from crying out at the feeling of arousal that is threatening to pull him down under. His forefinger unerringly brushes over the bundle of nerves deep inside Sherlock, and the detective
“Your daddy’s not going anywhere, Watson,” Sherlock sighs in that voice he reserves for conversation with Rosie. “Is he?”
Mycroft gives an exaggerated roll of his eyes. “My surveillance observed Sherlock leaving 221B mere minutes after you stumbled out the door yesterday afternoon. It did not require effort to see that he was quite distressed after your departure, and my CCTV cameras followed him as he was quite obviously seeking out his old cocaine dealer. Take that as you will, Doctor Watson, but how does that
,” the curly-haired wonder says, bringing their lips together with increasing need. “You're wearing too many clothes.”
“This okay?” Sherlock voiced, his hands hanging limply at his sides as he looked everywhere except directly at his lover. “Or do you need my pants off too?”
“How does it feel?” Sherlock prompted. It was their first time using a plug on either on them, so he had to ask out of concern for John’s comfort.
, you’re alright, I forgave you, please, I forgave you a long time ago,” Sherlock chants into his hair, letting John take comfort in his presence. “You’re back now, that’s all that matters.”
Sherlock acquiesced with a sigh, pulling John up the stairs to 221B, helping him shed his suit jacket and his own coat before sandwiching him against the door to the sitting room. He wasted no time in nipping at lips, licking his way into John’s mouth, his hands grabbing at any part of John he could reach. The man went limp beneath him, letting Sherlock take complete control, only pausing once in awhile to remind the taller man to let them both get some air. He was mostly staring at the ceiling in awe as his husband laved his neck in wet, loud kisses, his body jerking when Sherlock bit down on his collarbone.
“You look amazing,” John grins, fixing his gaze onto Sherlock’s as he lowers their hands. His posture is ramrod straight, shoulders pushed back and chest puffed out as he says this, and Sherlock can’t help the warm tingling in his fingertips, followed closely by the heated flush of his cheeks. “You’re a sight in that shirt. Just so you know, Sherlock.”
,” John gasped. “As much as I would love to desecrate one of your brother’s many private cars, we’re almost home, you madman.”
"So... Care to explain your end of this great big cock-up we have?" John prompts, his mouth tugging at the corners.
“I was hoping that it’d be just me and you, just for this time around. Not that I don’t want Rosie to be there with us, but I’d rather spend our first proper date laying all the attention on you, and not worrying if Rosie will start throwing food everywhere,” John laughs once again, clearly recalling that one incident weeks ago that ended up with a very apologetic John and Sherlock, a delighted Rosie and a forgiving Angelo with nothing to offer but pure adoration for the toddler.
He couldn't risk blowing their cover now just because he couldn't accept that other people were touching
“Sherlock, I love you. Will you allow us to start anew?” John asks, eyeing the flower in Sherlock’s grasp and meeting his gaze from beneath his lashes before pulling forth another flower from the inside pocket of his jacket.
Sherlock growled, hard, jerking forwards and around, switching their places so he had John pressed against the door with a loud thud, bringing their clasped hands up above the smaller man’s head in a sudden display of dominance. “Don’t you dare,” Sherlock rasped, tilting his head to lightly run his teeth along his husband’s earlobe, mouth tugging at the corners at the answering groan below him. “You are now officially ‘
“That's not the first thing you deduced wrong about me. Remember the thing about Harry?” John counters with a wink. He tries to tuck himself back in but finds himself frozen under Sherlock's scrutiny. “Uh.. So, all this while I thought you weren't open to the idea of sex, I come home to find you in my bed.”
John moaned all around him, tracing his way up the large vein at the underside, alternating between powerful sucks at the head and fondling and taking each of Sherlock's full heavy bullocks into his mouth; slathering Sherlock's cock in his saliva, John reveled in the hungry look he saw in his partner’s eyes.
Sherlock released John’s hands, dropping them to wrap around and press John’s crotch against his, his head dropping to rest on the other man’s shoulder, mouth working, trying to leave a mark through the exquisite dark blue dress shirt he had proudly gifted to John for his last birthday. It was his favourite shirt on him; It brought out the indescribable blue of John’s eyes, making him look undoubtedly attractive and simply irresistible. Now Sherlock only wanted to rip the shirt off him, for apparently the shirt made him too irresistible for strangers to ignore, and that would not do, because John is his, his partner, his lover, his husband.
“I don’t know what came over me, John. I shouldn’t have said anything. I exploited your moment of weakness to confess something I shouldn’t have. I apologize. I’ll delete it all, and I can only hope that you promise to ignore that memory on your end.” Sherlock is properly shaking now, the sheets trembling in his grip as the man appears to be trying his damndest to keep his composure.
. Adoration blooms anew in his chest, creeping up his throat, threatening to choke him. John squeezes his eyes shut. He needs to get a grip, he thinks.
Sherlock doesn't reply to this statement either, because he knows it's true, funnily enough. John continues rubbing the inside of his elbow, and Sherlock wants badly for this moment to end because for the life of him, he doesn't know what he's supposed to
Sherlock nods, too out of breath with arousal to speak. He squirms against John’s hold, hips moving in minute thrusts, seeking friction on his own aching cock.
John stares at her, at the features she’s clearly taken from her mother: her curly hair, her facial expressions, her bubbly, loving personality. For once, he is glad Mary’s spectre is no longer there in his shadows. He doesn’t think he can handle what not-Mary might say to him now, now that he’s just run away from the very best thing that had ever happened to him.
Sherlock smiles, dimming the light in Rosie’s – John’s -  room and closing the door behind him, before making his way down the staircase.
John laughs, exhausted yet more contented and exhilarated than he’s ever been in his life, nuzzling Sherlock’s sweat-slick skin. He giggles, catching sight of Sherlock’s wide-eyed expression.
“Fuck!” he gasped, his hips thrusting upward in search of friction. Sherlock was awash in pride, knowing that he was the one leaving John writhing in pleasure. He moved fast, ducking his head to latch his mouth onto the side of John’s neck, licking the skin, dragging his teeth to as close as John’s collarbone as he could, encouraged by the restrained moans above him. His hand worked at bringing John off, but just as he felt the shorter man tense up, a hand darted out to stop him, John’s mouth right by his ear.
“That’s it sweetheart, my love, my sun and stars, I love you so-” John declared, because it’s true, all of it, and Sherlock finally let go with an aborted cry, spilling between them, tears coming to both sets of eyes; John screamed into the warmth of Sherlock’s neck as his orgasm washed over him and dragged him under, his eyes falling closed to the litany of “
“Fuck, you feel so good, Sherlock,” John groaned, one hand reaching around to grasp at Sherlock’s nape, keeping him in place as his mouth was plundered in kisses. Sherlock wasted no time in sucking John’s bottom lips in between his own, determined to leave no part of him untouched and unmarked. He continued rutting against his husband, the movement slick from the pre-come leaking from his hard cock, both of their bodies now covered in a light sheen of sweat from the exertion.
The army doctor notices this and takes a moment to mentally chide himself for apparently having reacted wrongly to Sherlock's spoken desire. He could feel the arousal dissipating and tension rising anew in the air. Desperate to rectify the situation before Sherlock gets too upset, or even worse, get out of the bed and refuse to let John touch him for the rest of the night, he resorts to desperate measures.
And not long after, as John Watson’s face crumpled and the man stayed standing as he finally broke down, Sherlock slowly, and calmly set aside his cup and got to his feet. In two silent, giant strides he was there in front of his friend, right hand moving to whisper against the skin on the back of John’s neck, his left hand pulling the broken shell of a man towards his chest in what he hopes is an obvious offer of comfort.
John had changed Sherlock for the better, and nothing he could do now would erase the irrevocable change the former soldier had instilled in him.
He curls up on the floor, the warmth of the embers around him a comforting blanket, as soothing as John’s touch and murmurs of comfort every time Sherlock finds himself hurt.
He lays her in her cot, one or two tears dripping onto Rosie’s romper. Grabbing her favourite plushie, John tucks it in by her side and sings her to sleep, hiccuping in between the words. His heart clenches every time his daughter cries, and knowing that he’s the one who caused her distress tonight, John works harder to pacify her, soothe her, love her. He pours all his love he’s set aside for Rosie into the song, and when he’s wrung out and empty and the toddler is breathing evenly in peaceful sleep, John eases himself onto the floor by her cot and curls up in self-hatred.
“As I love you,” Sherlock says, tilting his head downwards to press his lips tentatively to John's. It is light, and loving, and John brings a hand to behind Sherlock's head to clasp the base of that long neck, fingers roaming upward to twist themselves in the soft curls there, nudging just slightly to increase the pressure of their kiss.
It hasn’t been long since their run-in with Culverton. Neither has it been that long since Mary Morstan shot Sherlock in the chest, and even longer still since the day he returned to John Watson with nothing more than a battered torso and a hopeful heart.
Sherlock’s heart shatters at the sight, understanding that John is not acting – they both know from past experience that John is a
It is just like the very first time they locked lips, the two of them, following a exhilarating chase through the streets of London. It was on a particularly boring evening in the autumn, John recalls, when the two of them were simply staring at the other, faces alight with wide toothy grins that threatened to collapse into uncharacteristic giggles. John had stepped forward into Sherlock's personal space when he had noticed a trail of blood making itself known on the taller man’s temple.
Sitting back on his heels with his knees on the bed between both of Sherlock's, John flexes backwards to grab ahold of the detective's ankles. Once he is certain that the detective is not at risk of flight, he reaches his fingers further back to brush the tips very, very lightly on the surface of each foot, watching Sherlock's face as he does so. On the third sweep of his fingers, Sherlock's mouth twists into a tight line and his eyebrows furrow. On the tenth sweep, that nose crinkle John loves makes itself known.
“As is yours, even for an old man,” Sherlock laughs, opening his mouth to allow John’s tongue to sweep in as their lips wrestle for control.
He releases Sherlock’s throbbing length, precome bitter at the back of his throat, ducking his head to suck Sherlock’s balls into his mouth, pressing hard at the crease. He feels the heaviness of them on his tongue and knows Sherlock is already close.
, he and Sherlock are about to do this, finally they will be bound to one another, each belonging to the other in every way they could possibly be.
He moved slowly, letting the man adjust to the new position, pulling out a slightly and pressing back in, inching out more with every push and pull of his hips. John could only moan and grunt, his teeth biting down on his thin lips, reddened from their rough kisses. His jaw was also slightly reddened from stubble burn, considering Sherlock missed his routine shaving this morning due to their romp in the sheets right after waking up.
“How about this then?” Sherlock teased, slipping a hand up under John’s jacket, plunging it into the back of his pants, letting out a small whoop of delight to find that John was still open and a little wet from their coupling earlier that morning. “God, John, what are you doing to me?”
, if your homeless network had discovered you a minute too late-!” Mycroft fumes, the umbrella held tight in his grasp, the man’s posture ramrod straight, poised for a fight. “What happened, Sherlock?”
“I know all the good stuff about you, and the not-so-good stuff. I'm still here, aren't I?” John replies, sweeping a thumb across Sherlock's soft lips. “I'm here for as long as you'll have me.”
It takes a whole minute for John to speak up, and the words that came out are not what Sherlock was expecting. He’d predicted that John would ask what caused them, or who. Instead John, clever, clever,
actor – and that it should require a great amount of distress for a man of John’s discipline and iron will to break down in front of somebody else.
“You don’t want to know,” John sighs, a mild laugh escaping him, high and almost hysterical. The creases between Sherlock’s brows deepen, and John resists the urge to smooth it away with his fingertips.
Sherlock loves John’s scar. That single imperfection is a testament to the doctor’s bravery, strength, selflessness and iron-will.
John pulls Sherlock to him at the same time he shuffles his body closer, until the two of them are pressed from head to toe. He extends his left hand to brush over the curve of that sensuous body, from just below the buttock to the nape of Sherlock's neck, where he proceeds to mimic the actions from before. Round and round the fingers go, paying particular attention to the hairline where he knows Sherlock is most ticklish. His thumb caresses the skin just behind the outer shell of the ear, and before long, Sherlock’s tight facial expression breaks formation to crack into a wide, adoring smile.
“Wait, John, this is for you,” the old lady tuts, rushing forward to pass him a neatly folded envelope with John’s name on it. “Don’t read it until you’re on the plane, Sherlock said.”
John hears a sharp intake of breath above him before Sherlock’s hand is suddenly there, quite literally holding John's head to his chest as he thrusts his hips reflexively upwards to meet John's, both moaning and hissing at the contact. John's pants is now getting uncomfortably tight, and having felt Sherlock's arousal pressed into his groin, he starts to rut bit by bit against the other man, though still fully dressed, whimpering against the hardening nub caught in between his lips.
“Sherlock.. Alright, it's safe to say neither of us ever thought we could have this. We were both idiots, frankly, and could have saved us both a lot of heartache if we acted upon it earlier, but what we had to go through to get here, it's all worth it in the end, is it not?”
did not wish for either of them to get drenched whilst they waited for the car Mycroft had no doubt called in, being that they were in the middle of nowhere to solve a case as a favour to the elder Holmes.
He whimpers as more salty tears slide down his cheeks, and soon, Sherlock finds himself in an overwhelming state of calm. Soon enough, he gives in to the pull of sleep.
!” John wailed, pressing the whole of his upper body against the wallpaper, at the same time pushing back against Sherlock’s face, where it was buried in his arse, licking and massaging away. “Fucking hell, Sherlock, your
- shatters Sherlock’s resolve. He makes to turn back towards the corridor, not letting go of the younger man’s hand.
,” Sherlock says, now sitting up on the bed, still fully exposed and not bothering to cover himself up. “You weren't supposed to be home until later tonight, I even calculated your arrival time!”
John acknowledges the simple request with a tiny nod, allowing himself the shortest of glances upwards, where the windows of 221B overlook Baker Street. He sees a hint of tall, dark silhouette nestled against a curtain before it withdraws back into the shadows. John gulps, his heart in his throat as his gaze drops back to that of the sight of his daughter, safe in the custody of one of the most important people in his life.
Molly reciprocates with a smile that doesn’t quite reach her eyes, and with a verbal farewell to Rosie, she closes the door behind her.
!” Sherlock groans, pressing his face into John’s short blonde hair, muffling his noises that by now are tumbling out of his mouth in a constant litany.
Rubbing his cock along the damp crease of Sherlock's arse, John nudges Sherlock's face up from where it has buried itself into the pillow he's clutching, laying one last kiss onto that cupid’s bow. The kiss through which John makes known his undying devotion, trust and love for the man in his arms.
It is blissfully quiet in his mind palace, Sherlock realises, as he stares down the endless corridor lined with doors on each side.
“Wait, wait, shirts off, everything off,” John gasps, making to undo his shirt buttons but Sherlock beat him to it, ripping the shirt off enough to make the buttons go flying. “Was that even necessary?!”
For the fifth time that night, Sherlock Holmes found himself letting out a small noise of utter frustration.
. He squeezes his eyes shut, fighting the pain, his nails scraping against the cold ground as his body arches in agony.
Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat. His eyes must be fully dilated, as was John’s. His lover gave him the smallest of nods to signal he was ready. His cock was still glistening and slick from John’s blowjob earlier, so he did not really require any more lube at this point. Perfect.
Something in his expression must have given the man away because John doesn’t stop smiling, huffing a small laugh as he reaches out for Sherlock’s right hand, clasping it in between both of his own. “Are you alright?” John asks, squeezing the hand in his hold lightly.
The detective let go then, using his large hands to grip the back of John’s thighs; he pulled them up, bringing their groins at level, prompting the doctor to wrap his legs around Sherlock’s hips, the Belstaff still around Sherlock’s shoulders providing an extra coat of friction ensuring that John’s legs did not slip from their hold. John reached out, quickly wrapping his arms around his lover’s neck, keening as their erections slid together, the contact between their hot flesh electrifying.
“I’m glad you think so, Sherlock. Well, it’s time to go. All set?” John asks, flashing him another brilliant smile and a wink that almost -
’, as you were, and I don’t appreciate you being too friendly with our clients, or anyone for that matter.”
“I don't share,” Sherlock mumbled into the breath-fogged glass as he stared out at the passing buildings.
Grief and acceptance were the first and second phases respectively; While John thinks he has grieved enough for his mistakes and all he has put Sherlock through, a small part of him still refuses to look back and believe that the monster who punched, kicked Sherlock bloody on the floor of that morgue and proceeded to abandon him afterwards lived in John's head.
“You, I need to make you mine, mark you so that others know you’re mine and mine alone. I need to have you, John, please, let me have you,” Sherlock whined, rutting shamelessly against the smaller man’s stomach, burying his face in soft, golden hair as a fierce wave of possessiveness and love swept over him, threatening to pull him under, but John, wonderful John was there, as always, holding out his hand: a welcome anchor to keep Sherlock grounded, and the only one to ever make him feel both fragile and protected and loved, all at the same time.
“There you are,” John gasped, crying out when Sherlock bit down with the slightest pressure on the skin just below his jaw. “I was wondering when I would get to see this fierce, sexy side of my husband. I should have demonstrated my impeccable flirting skills
"I- I didn't come to the realisation that I may have harboured feelings for you that extended beyond platonic until the moment I found out that I had to fake my death to keep you alive. Human emotions, as you know, are nothing but tedium for the workings of my mind so the grief and sorrow I felt at the thought of making you watch as I fell from the roof struck me harder than they should have. I did not want to go through with the plan as it meant that I would leave you behind. I have studied enough of human behaviour to know that what I was about to do could possibly leave a huge impact on you, and I was right. I doubted myself over and over, waiting for that moment, but the thought of you dead by a sniper's bullet to the head was simply
“Oh? What’s got you so worked up then?” John asked, but he had this look on his face that usually meant he knew the answer. Sherlock stared as the knowing smirk returned, accompanied by a flash of pink as John licked his lips. Unwilling to give up the fight just yet, he turned to face the window once more.
Sherlock blinks away the blurriness in his vision, and something wet drips onto his cheek, followed by another, and another.
“Go on,” John prompted, shifting his hips ever so slightly, both men breaking apart from the kiss as the movement made known their growing erections. The air was starting to get stifling; The heated gasps against skin coupled with the dimmed light of the corridor only serving to fuel the desperate rubbing of one body against another, punctuated by soft moans and light teases of tongue. “What do you need?”
“Right,” John replies, his throat closing up on him. Rosie seems to sense his distress, whimpering in his arms. “I’ll text you once I’ve checked if the rest can make it. Thanks again. Say bye-bye to Aunt Molly, Rosie.” He waves his daughter’s right arm in a mock-goodbye wave.
He tries to push himself back up, but a second jolt paralyzes his body but for a few seconds, and Sherlock can do nothing but writhe on the linoleum floor as his body thrums with newfound life.
Sherlock is still moaning softly, his hands now grasping at John's shoulders and back. John on the other hand, is alternating between lightly nipping at the hard nub and swirling his tongue around it, one hand caught between Sherlock's body and the mattress and the other grasping a bony hip. He grants the same treatment to the other nipple, delighting in the way he leaves them glistening and flushed pink in oversensitivity.
“Sherlock loves me,” John announces, to no one in particular. He thinks he should feel something, having said it out loud, but nothing changes other than the fact that he registers the slight quickening pace of his heart, and the sweat gathering at his brow.
“Please don’t do that,” John pleads, halfway towards the bed, both hands raised in a placating manner. “You- you don’t have to!”
“Wait, what’s this one got to do with me?” John gasps, his voice raising with every word that left his lips, unwilling to be blamed when he cannot see the link between Sherlock dying in the middle of nowhere and himself.
Angelo greets them at the door with his usual flair and an unusually high amount of enthusiasm, quickly ushering them to their customary table at the window with a hurried promise that their food is already being prepared as they speak. Sherlock cannot help but notice the table already has a candle - bigger than the normal adorning the other tables in the restaurant, mind you - and a intricate vase holding two more flowers.
Hearing Sherlock’s chuckle against his temple thaws just a little bit of the ice of self-hatred John’s encased himself in, and before can even react, Sherlock has released his hold on John and promptly bent down, scooping Rosie up and into the air above their heads, the little girl squealing in surprise and delight; Her eyes crinkle up just like John’s does when he’s amazed by something the detective has just done, unable to resist rewarding Sherlock with a wide, toothy grin and another one of his verbal compliments.
Sherlock's eyes crinkle in that way they do when he is utterly happy and his mouth twists in a sad smile. “John Watson, I love you.”
“John Watson is here. He insists on staying, even though I have made it explicitly clear that he is not to be in contact, at all, with you, for the time being. I know something happened between the two of you. Whatever it was, it led you to seek your old habits, and right now I could have been looking down at your cold, lifeless body in the morgue
There was a pause above him before Sherlock felt the fluttering of muscles around his cock, rendering him speechless as John seized up in his arms, head slouching forward as his mouth clamped onto Sherlock’s shoulder as John came hard between them, his cock squeezing out spurt after spurt of hot white come. Sherlock slowed his thrusts, squeezing a hand between them to work John through his orgasm, pumping him empty, mouth watering at the pool of come dripping down their chests. John gasped through his high, eyes glazed over as he nudged Sherlock backwards, dislodging his legs from Sherlock’s back, lowering himself onto shaky legs back to the ground.
John's voice is soft, filled with the unknown. His eyes are a deep blue abyss; they tell the story of a man thrust into adulthood all too soon. His hands, where they lightly touch Sherlock's, are roughened. These tell the tales of lives taken and countless more lives saved. On the outside, John is unassuming. On the inside, he is an enigma. Sherlock could never truly understand him.
Sherlock is panting now, fucking himself on John's fingers, and still he’s asking for more, and John relents, inserting another finger alongside the first two. The stretch must be getting to Sherlock now, the taller man blowing harshly through the nose, eyes squeezed shut and holding on tightly to John's back.
Sherlock stares at the night sky above him, laid out on his back with nothing but his Belstaff underneath him, shielding him from the cold concrete floor.
Sherlock, on the other hand, does know John has only one: the angry mess of scarred tissue adorning his left shoulder, a constant reminder to the both of them of how one single moment can change the course of their lives.
John acquiesces, nuzzling the taller man, kissing him slowly, gently, quashing his fear that he just did something wrong. “You alright?”
“But what she said was all true, John,” Sherlock mumbles from his corner on the sofa, curled up on himself. “I've only ever brought misery to you.”
“You silly thing,” John laughs, softly. “You're the genius and I'm the broken ex-soldier. It is me who should be doing the thanking.” He leans forward to kiss the tear away, gently unwrapping Sherlock's legs from around his waist and pulling out his now-softening cock. He doesn't pull away, not yet, twining their legs together to stay close for as long as they can.
John makes the decision then, that he needs to get his act together if he ever wishes to continue being the father Rosie deserves in her life. If he and Sherlock were never to reconcile, the very least he can contribute to this life is to be there for his daughter, to be her pillar of support through thick and thin.
Then came the surprise deduction about Mary’s pregnancy, and in the blink of an eye, John had watched with restrained worry as Sherlock’s eyes dropped to the floor in what had to be resignation, and sadness. John hadn’t understood then, why Sherlock would be sad that John was about to be a father.
He was aiming for a “How are you?”, but what came out of his mouth instead was a wooden “I’m sorry.” John winces at the apology. He could do better, he thinks.
“Finally! We’ve been trying to reach you by phone for an hour!” Lestrade chokes out, gripping the doorframe tight in his grasp. “It’s Sherlock.”
And yes, it was raining, but Sherlock had calculated that precipitation was going to increase by 15.53% in the next 10 minutes, and he
Just as he’s starting to contemplate begging off dinner, two, three successive knocks sound on his bedroom door; Sherlock moves to open it, his jaw dropping open at the sight of the former army doctor before him.
Seeing his cock disappear into John's mouth, stretched wide to accommodate his girth, Sherlock could feel the early stirrings of his orgasm low in his belly. John’s face was flushed, his body mottled red with arousal, and when Sherlock pulled back a little, he could see John's other hand working on bringing himself off.
“Mycroft. Please. Afterwards I’ll let you do what needs must,” Sherlock sighs, his heart sinking at the thought of being isolated from his conductor of light, but then John’s crestfallen face comes to mind, and Sherlock shutters all emotion from his face in preparation of the conversation to come.
The song ends on a mournful note, uncertain and shaky, but as Sherlock opens his eyes to look down on little Rosie where she is clapping her chubby hands in delight and laughing a string of excited “
“Bingo,” John laughs, and if there’s one thing that Sherlock would like to hear during his every waking moment, it’s that low, cheeky rumble of John’s. It never fails to make his heart skip a beat and beam like a shy teenager. John continues, the register of his voice even lower this time as he clears his throat, licks his lips. “So… don’t have a girlfriend then?”
Once fully satisfied that none of his ejaculate had gone to waste, Sherlock crawled his way back up, his coat sheathing them in a comfortable warmth.
John tumbles into his orgasm right then, biting down on his propped up elbow to muffle his pleasured grunts as he paints his hand and the door with spurts of come. His vision blacks out for a moment, eyes stinging with the intensity of his release with Sherlock's sated moaning of his name in the background. His cock twitches a few more times, wringing out every last drop out of him. He hadn’t had an orgasm that paralysing for a long time, John realizes, afraid to peer around the door lest seeing Sherlock post-orgasm make him want to do things he still doesn’t think they’re ready for.
“Oh. Well, thank you. I'll bring her upstairs then..?” John's question trails off as Sherlock's expression morphs from one of uncertainty to sheepishness. John glances around, noting the trail of soft toys on the sitting room floor leading straight to Sherlock's bedroom. “Wait... Her cot isn't in my old room?”
“Johnnnn-!” Sherlock ground out against his palm pressed against his mouth as the hot, hard length of him was engulfed in slick heat. “Fuck, John,
He’d have a fit if it is some drunkard behind the door, thinking that he’s at the correct house, because god knows it’s happened before.
“Yeah, alright,” John grinned. “Remind me to attract other girls more with my impressive criminal-tackling skills if it’d get you this riled up all the time.”
The weekend crawls by, undisturbed by neither clients nor cases from the Yard; Sherlock doesn’t mind one bit, for he is then able to make full use of the two days to direct a small portion of his innate knowledge of the world towards the clueless toddler that is Rosie Watson. Sunday evening finds them winding down with a nice walk through Regent’s Park, followed by a messy-but-enjoyable dinner at Angelo’s, after which the two of them head back to 221B with a satisfied grin on both their faces.
He thinks of the times Sherlock had offered to watch over Rosie whenever the need arose, before Mary died. He and Mary had been ever-so-slightly reluctant to hand over babysitting duties to the detective, but seeing how Sherlock’s smile dipped ever so slightly at the possibility that John did not even trust Sherlock with his daughter’s well being had caused a slight crack under his defenses.
Sherlock shifts, the sheets underneath him shuffling with the movement, the material slightly abrasive against his heated skin -
“Yeah, well, I managed to squeeze myself in on an earlier flight so…” John scratches at the back of his neck, still mortified at the situation they're in. “H-how was your day going?”
Sherlock takes a step forward, hand outreached, wanting to bridge that gap before it got too far between the two of them.
“Oh do keep up, John. I may not have been with anyone before then, but I certainly know how to handle things when my transport demands release once in a while-!” Sherlock gasps, cut off by the sensation of his cock in damp heat as John takes him in his mouth in one go, nose buried in the soft curls at the base. “
John stays silent behind him as Sherlock continues playing the rest of the song, his eyes closing of their own accord as he loses himself in the music, the melody haunting. He lets the notes flow through him, driven by everything he’s ever let himself feel in John’s presence, from the thrill of chasing down criminals to the fear of not knowing if he would ever get to return to John during his time away bringing down Moriarty’s network.
Sherlock, whom he probably had just hurt once again. Not physically, like two days ago; the way he had brutally and unhesitatingly kicked and punched his best friend to a trembling, cowering lump on the floor of the morgue as Culverton looked on.
“Buggering fuck, yeah, that's it, Sherlock,” John growled, reaching down to grasp as much of Sherlock's bottom as he could reach, holding on as Sherlock pounded into him at an unrelenting pace. His head had dropped to press against John's clavicle, mouthing against his skin,
of his umbrella the only sound in the otherwise quiet corridor. The elder Holmes looks calm, as he always appears, but after a few years with Mycroft as a somewhat-acquaintance, John has learned to read the smallest of signs that belie the true state of the man’s mood.
Sherlock falters in his steps, his hand falling back to his side in defeat. His eyes fall closed in resignation, as he listens with an acute pain in his chest as John Watson stumbles down the steps of 221B, out of the flat, out of his reach once again.
He shuffled downwards until he was staring down at the trail of white come steadily dribbling its way down John’s perineum. Before he could think about it, his fingers were there, pushing his come back into John’s hole.
He pressed his body harder against John’s, effectively letting his abdominal muscles rub with agonizing friction against the underside of John’s cock, where he knew the doctor was particularly sensitive. Confident that John’s legs were tight around his hips, Sherlock moved both his hands to clasp between John’s back and the wall, barely a breath of space between their heated bodies, and proceeded to thrust
John’s gaze snaps up to meet Mycroft’s, mouth agape in disbelief. The elder Holmes turns away to look at the doors separating the three men from the one person that has bound their lives together inexplicably. He continues, “As a matter of fact, I suggest you go home to your daughter. You have someone else to care for, now. I’ll be taking Sherlock in until he’s fully recovered. Have a good day, Doctor Watson.”
“Hm? Oh, sorry, I- I just,” he gazes up at Sherlock’s frowning face before he swallows the lump in his throat and looks away at the curtains fluttering in the light wind blowing through Baker Street. “Sorry.”
“Please, god, Sherlock, I don't think I can keep this up any longer,” John pled, and so Sherlock stood, wiping his mouth clean with the back of his hand. He pulled his husband the short distance over to the sofa, positioning him so he was lying on his back, his head supported on the arm. “Ah, not the bed then?”
Wincing his way down the stairs, Sherlock pulls his coat tight around him, careful of his bruised ribs as he shuts the main door behind him, turning and walking down the sidewalk in the opposite direction of where John Watson had fled.
The two men sat together pressed hip-to-hip, Sherlock’s hands at John’s nape and jaw, tilting their heads, changing the angle of their kiss. He moaned, working John’s mouth open with his tongue, nipping at his lips, leaving them red and steadily bruising. John whimpered, hands flying up to grab the lapels of Sherlock’s coat, breaking the kiss when he felt Sherlock’s hand drop to rub at the small wet patch at the front of his jeans.
“You are something else when you're jealous, my darling bumblebee,” John laughed, smoothing his hands down the other man's cheeks and neck. “And now it's your turn. Come on, I'm done waiting for you to properly mark me.” He adjusted himself, pulling his leg down from the back of the sofa and bracing his hands under his knees, pulling until he was almost bent in half.
He only remembers it then - his promises to delete everything. To delete his affections for John Watson, his love. Sherlock doesn’t know what spurred him on to give voice to his insecurities and suggest even doing such a thing, but John being there became too much and Sherlock couldn’t help but rise on his hackles and defend himself the only way he knew how: with a direct blow to John’s emotions, and his own.
He isn’t about to admit that he is almost disappointed that it isn’t John by his bedside this time. Speaking of which-
Deep down, John knows that if he does not do this, both of them will end up hollow and beyond repair, and the last thing he wants to do is cause Sherlock more hurt. He owes him this much, at least.
Below him, the doctor bobbed up and down, taking Sherlock all the way to the root, letting the head of him nudge the back of his throat. He swallowed, stimulating Sherlock's corona, pulling off and then tonguing just under the retracted foreskin. Sherlock breathed hard above him, one hand hanging on for dear life at the back of John's head while the other squeezed the man's shoulder hard.
“Well, that would come later, obviously,” John whispers into Sherlock’s neck. “But I have something else for you first.” With that he leaned forwards to fetch a thick envelope Sherlock hadn’t bothered to notice lying on the coffee table, grabbing Sherlock’s hand to lay a kiss upon the back of it before wrapping said hand around the envelope.
Holding on to the base of the glass plug, Sherlock slowly inched it out of John’s hole, undulating his hips, distracting John from the stretch. When it was fully out, he threw it onto the sofa, turning his attention back to the man wrapped around him, feeling his way to John’s entrance, easily slipping two, three fingers into the stretched muscle, feeling how hot and slick it was inside.
Applying the same amount of teasing, John lets his hands roam upwards to Sherlock's knee. The lightly furred thighs twitch in response and as the fingers dip into the hollows of the back of the knees to lightly circle the skin, John looks up just in time to see Sherlock's mouth twitch.
Scanning the bevy of twirling bodies on the dance floor, Sherlock spotted a flash of dirty blonde hair. Grabbing both of their coats, he moved briskly forward to where John was in the middle of what appeared to be a bright red lipstick-covered kiss aiming straight for his cheek, accompanied by a barely covered thigh deliberately brushing against the front of his suit trousers..
, tackling Sherlock, kissing him hard and rough, covering the taller man's body with his own. He pushes down, and down some more, until Sherlock has no choice but to lie down, whimpering at John's show of dominance and the slide of his heated body against John's own. The feeling of their bodies pressed together is exquisite, and John can't help but surge up and bite down on the unmarked skin of Sherlock’s neck, giving in to the need to mark Sherlock as his own.
John’s mouth formed a perfect ‘O’ as he bottomed out on Sherlock’s rock-hard erection, squeezing his arms tight, bringing their mouths together. Sherlock groaned at the tight warmth around his cock, barely having the strength to restrain from driving into John like an animal.
“Because you’re amazing and brilliant and so beautiful that I have to have you immortalized in my sketchbook. Please, love?”
“Oh, love, yes, please do,” John said, pulling back to stare into his eyes. “Do what you need to do. I’ve already got ‘Property of Sherlock Holmes’ stamped on my heart and on my ring, why not my body too?” he laughed, light-heartedly, stilling Sherlock’s hips and laying a light teasing kiss on the tip of the detective’s nose. “But first we need to get upstairs before Hudders gets an eyeful, yeah?”
John paid no heed to the fact that he was already kneeling in front of Sherlock, his completed sketch forgotten on the coffee table behind him. With shaking hands he reached out, caressing scalp, down down down, past the ear, to the strong jawline and with a gentle tilt of the chin, he brings their lips together in a soft gasp.
Slowly but surely, he edges forward to position his knees on either side of Sherlock's thighs, not quite straddling him yet, and proceeds to turn his attention to the pale chest in front of him. He lowers himself to his elbows, caging Sherlock in. Keeping himself steady, John kisses his lover once more before trailing open-mouthed kisses down that long expense of neck, across the hollow of the throat and onto that broad chest. His mouth hovers over one pert, pink nipple, his warm breath ghosting over it. John glances up to catch Sherlock's gaze before he closes his lips around the circle of flesh and sucks
Sherlock blushes even more at the directness of that statement, but he gathers himself to say what he knows John wants to hear. “He probably doesn’t, mainly because he hasn’t asked if I’d have him as my boyfriend, yet.”
’s from behind him, shaking his head in fond exasperation. After collecting their respective coats to bundle up from the chilly autumn air, the two men lock up the flat and thanks to Sherlock’s taxi-hailing skills, are soon making their way to Angelo’s.
He thought himself undoubtedly superior, and then John had opened his eyes to another world of possibilities, where Sherlock didn’t have to be miserable (he accepts this now as the truth) and alone anymore.
Mycroft had waved him in, his face stern and threatening as he conveyed Sherlock’s request to see him. John merely nodded, walking briskly past Mycroft with his tail between his legs.
“You were so brave earlier when you tackled the culprit,” Sherlock rumbled, his left hand stealthily making its way down John's side, hovering at his hip bone, near enough to the crotch of John's jeans. “I couldn't help myself. Everyone saw how you left the man begging to be let off. God, John, you leave this effect on everybody, and then, one of the female officers had the cheek to approach you right after.”
John finds himself about ready to burst, and when he glances up as he hears his name once more, right at that moment Sherlock gives a final thrust, arching his back and stretching that beautiful neck, mouth open in a wordless scream as he comes and comes and
When Rosie wakes from her nap with a loud whimper just as the clock strikes eight at night, Sherlock is already on his feet, his dressing gown a torrent of material behind him as he walks briskly into his bedroom to soothe the frightened toddler. John stays close behind, peeking around the half-opened bedroom door to watch as Sherlock lifts Rosie into his arms with practiced ease, ever so careful, as if Rosie is the most fragile thing he’s ever come across.
With unsteady steps Sherlock makes his way to the sitting room, dropping heavily into the sofa as he waits for John to return. He steeples his fingers under his chin in his default thinking pose, and does not realise he’s been away in his mind for a while until he feels John’s tender touch caressing his hair, and the welcome warmth of John’s thigh under his cheek. He doesn’t recall turning and lying on his side in John’s lap, but he ignores the details nonetheless, choosing instead to tilt his head up and meet John’s thin, soft lips with his own.
“Well you won't need that when you've got me,” John emphasises by flinging said (soiled) pillow onto the bedroom floor, continuing to lay kisses down Sherlock's jaw and neck. “That was hot, by the way, you desecrating my pillow while you had your, um, fingers up your arse.”
“Ah, I see. It is that John Watson, then. He’s your boyfriend, you say?” John quips. “Lucky bastard.”
Sherlock had to take a moment to catch his breath, his mouth going completely dry at the sight. He had never done this before, but he knew what he often liked every time the two of them made love, and so he was determined to make this good for the both of them.
“Fuck you, Mycroft. Companion, my arse. I’m the one who looks after him, makes him eat, makes sure he takes care of himself as you’re bumbling about god-knows-where, only caring about your politics and concerning yourself with Sherlock’s matters when you have a favour to ask of him.”
His friend’s deep cobalt blue eyes had been shimmering with something akin to fondness, exasperation, a hint of panic and… and - affection. John cared for Sherlock enough to consider him worthy of John’s companionship and trust.
“Oh my god, John, you’re brilliant, just, ugh, you’re incredible-” Sherlock growled, fingertips leaving deep impressions on John’s skin as he moved, chasing his orgasm.
“I can’t just leave Rosie behind, can I?!” John argues, his mind already a mess from the emotional turmoil he’s endured for the past two days, but luckily he still has some sense in him before he spins on his heel, thundering up the stairs and settling his daughter’s slumbering form into his arms.
John casually flung one leg up onto the back of the sofa, baring himself to the detective, face adorned with that smirk again. “Get over here, you madman.” With that he pulled Sherlock down, bringing their groins together into blissful contact. He groaned as their mouths connected, both of them hungry for their bodies to touch, their heated skin flushed with arousal, limbs clumsy.
“Aha! It wasn’t my idea to flirt with the lady in the first place, if you’d recall correctly. Before this you had no problem using me as a distraction, so why now? What was different this time?” John purred, nuzzling his nose down Sherlock’s exposed neck. He nudged forwards, closing the gap between them, stretching up to place a chaste kiss on plump, cupid’s bow lips.
It takes exactly five heartbeats for the detective to find his voice. “Don’t be daft, John. Of course I am.” He rolls his eyes as if to emphasise the point, but John, dear, sweet John, only chuckles once more as he takes a step closer to close up the empty space between them.
Sherlock pauses, the toddler propped up on his waist, as he leans in and tries to identify the twin white smears he’s just spotted on Rosie’s lips. “Yum! Yum!” she giggles, as she always does ever since she got accustomed to the look Sherlock wears when he is busy thinking. “Cuh-c-cake!”
“Wait, but I vaguely remember you saying you were the only consulting detective in the world. Now, you said this fellow chases after consulting detectives, and as far as I know, there are two men who do that: a certain detective inspector and some ex-soldier named John Watson,” John clicks his tongue, thumbing his lip, as if deep in thought. Sherlock adores him all the more for it.
He settled back on top of John's sated body. Looking up, he caught the other man's gaze with his own. They stared, silent and exhilarated.
Sherlock knows that this is what he wants, what he needs with his very soul. They’re long overdue for this change, and he is ready to take that next step with this incredible man by his side. How he loves John Watson, with all of his heart and soul.
Studying to become a doctor had enabled John to view the human body one way; the life drawing class provided an entirely new insight altogether. He learned to appreciate the minute nuances when different muscle groups move to flex and arm or bend a knee. The human body was beautiful, and Sherlock Holmes’ was a perfect example.
it, preening under his husband’s praise, his head awash in relief that he was doing well so far, but they had a long way to go yet. He pressed his tongue in, massaging and coaxing the tight muscles to loosen, saliva dripping from his mouth onto the floor. He alternated between fucking John with his tongue with none-too-gentle bites to both arse cheeks, his actions making loud wet sounds, rubbing his hands up and down John’s thighs, feeling the man tremble under his ministrations.
It takes Sherlock a while to gather them all, and the sheer size of the pile of memories - represented by glowing embers of light around him; the more crucial the memory, the brighter it burns - has the man stock still where he sits on the cold floor of his mind palace, barely breathing, eyes wide and uncomprehending of the sheer enormity of the task he’s presented himself with.
The sun is just beginning to break through the horizon as he and Greg speed their way down the mostly-deserted streets towards Royal London Hospital. The two men don’t talk; Greg is obviously uncertain of the circumstances as to how Sherlock got injured, and John is struggling to comprehend how anyone could land themselves in hospital twice in a matter of days.
When John finally opened his eyes, Sherlock rewarded him with a passionate kiss, smoothing back the hair plastered to his forehead.
“I am also human, John. I now realise I have needs too, like everyone else. Thanks to you I discovered my capacity to
Sherlock blinks away the stark white colours that assault his vision, whimpering and turning his head away, in search of the voice. He squeezes his eyes shut, allowing his ears to make out the rapid beeping sound to his right, and the feather like sensation of a hand on his. His brain struggles to catch up.
The moans switch to whimpers, and keening that are steadily increasing in pitch, and it is now very warm where Sherlock is rubbing himself hard against John’s thigh, and he needs more, he wants more
He surges forwards, grabbing Sherlock’s clammy wrist where it lies on the bed. Sherlock’s pulse thumps erratically under his fingertips. The man greets his approach with startled, watery eyes.
, per se, but you can still be such a diva in your worst moments," John laughs softly, prompting an eye-roll from the detective.
Inwardly, Sherlock reels back as if slapped, the memories flashing through his mind of that very first time he’d died for John Watson; The loneliness and hopelessness he’d felt during his time away as potent now as it had been then. The second time, it may not have been John’s fault, but Sherlock’s failure to see through his then-wife’s facade was what led to him flatlining on the operating room trolley. The day before marks the third time: John’s look of utter shock and rejection, the expression Sherlock never considered could be the one to follow his confession. Afterwards, Sherlock had almost died, all alone on the street.
. “Well then, looks like I’ve to do the job for him.” John drops his fork, takes another swig of his wine, and quickly, but gently, takes hold of both of Sherlock’s trembling hands. He looks up, and the fire Sherlock can see in those cobalt blue irises take his breath away. John’s face is aglow in anticipation, his smile blinding and his grip on Sherlock’s hands are steady and sure.
The taller man swallowed all he could, suckling hard and coaxing every last drop out of his husband, his fingers kneading John's hips. His own cock throbbed, red and neglected, twitching against the leather where it brushed the sofa. As he felt John’s cock softening, he let go, crawling back up the sturdy ex-army doctor's body, kissing and biting playfully, giving the man space to come down from his high.
John promptly felt all the air leave his lungs and his throat run painfully dry. Blood thrummed through his veins, threatening to pool in his lower abdomen but he tamped the feeling down as he swiftly dropped into his favourite armchair. Grabbing his sketchbook and pencil with barely-shaking fingers, crossing his legs to hide the sudden tightness in his jeans, John thought to himself, albeit smugly, “
Licking his lips, Sherlock pressed a firm kiss on the whorl of skin, reaching a hand out to steady John as his knees threatened to give way from the sudden influx of sensations. “
He showers kiss after kiss on the expanse of chest and collarbone, taking in the unrestrained sounds of need and pleasure coming from above him. He feels his cock take interest once more in the proceedings, hardening rapidly. Pinned down by the detective’s longer torso, John ignores his erection for the time being, as painful as it is, just so he can let Sherlock take control of his pleasure and not be overwhelmed by too many sensations before he is ready for more. He snaps back to full attention when he hears the familiar baritone moaning for him. “Oh, oh god, Sherlock, that’s it, you’re doing
His world went blindingly white, just barely aware that John was also still beneath him, the sensation of John's cock ejaculating between them, with less come than before but an impressive amount nonetheless. Sherlock moved to pull out, eyes widening at the sight of his come dripping out of John's hole.
He berates himself, relieved that Sherlock stays exactly where he is, handing Rosie over to John when the toddler starts wriggling in his arms, reaching out for her father.
“What--?” he groans, checking that Rosie is still asleep, despite the ruckus. Pushing himself off the floor, John takes a moment to stretch and loosen the cricks in his back. Rubbing the unwelcome twinge in his bad shoulder, he drags himself down the stairs and to the front door, grumbling his acknowledgement at whomever had the gall to disturb him at this ungodly hour.
“I can gather that. Has it occurred to you that we are already under an umbrella? This is unnecessary, love,” John mumbled into the fabric of the Belstaff partially covering his mouth.
“No war out there is of higher importance than your welfare, brother mine,” Mycroft replies, his voice subdued, as if it pained him so to express something as trivial as sentiment.
While Sherlock works to comfort his friend, his eyes take in every minute detail: John’s eyes, though already red from crying, look more tired than Sherlock’s ever seen him. His normally tidy, slicked back hair is in disarray, as if John had been running his hands through them again and again; The worry lines where they decorate his familiar face are more pronounced, his mouth pulled in a deep grimace, as if every part of him are hurting.
John raises an eyebrow in response, the man quite clearly struggling not to grin over the rim of his glass of wine. “‘Might’, you say?”
He walks them backwards until Sherlock's knees hit the edge of the bed. He places one more kiss on that cupid’s bow before positioning a hand at the small of Sherlock's back, the other at the base of his neck, and tenderly laying him on the bed. His heart rate picks up a notch when he pulls back and sees the man laid out like a piece of dessert meant to be ravished -- curls splayed in every direction and a deep blush creeping up from under that shirt collar.
He’s been proactive, checking up on Sherlock the only way how, without actually being there at Baker Street. He calls Mrs Hudson, murmuring apologies and excuses for his absence, and he would listen gravely as his old lady tells of Sherlock’s unresponsiveness, and overall inactivity. The last time he’d called, Mrs Hudson had been particularly worried for the state of her only tenant upstairs, to the point where he could do nothing but try to soothe the distraught landlady that Sherlock would be alright, he is, he
was before your marriage to Ms Morstan,” Mycroft stated, eyes cold and calculating, spitting out Mary’s name like it was the worst thing he’d ever had on his lips. "He offered his life for the taking twice, for you, yet you kick him to the side with no regard for just how much he's sacrificed to keep your friendship."
Mycroft is worried, and more than understandably so. He acknowledges their arrival with nothing more than a nod to each, though John thinks there was a certain hint of anger in the man’s features when he and John locked gazes.
“Y-y- you too, John. T-that is to say, you’re looking very-” Sherlock stutters, his bottom lip stinging from how hard he’s biting on it. “- handsome.”
“Whenever we start snogging here, you never fail to make sure we're on the bed before either of us orgasms,” Sherlock shrugged, reaching in between the sofa cushions to retrieve the half-full (or half-empty, really, by way of being smug) bottle of lube, squeezing a generous amount onto his hand before flinging the bottle onto the coffee table.
“Sherlock? Are you ok?” John gasps, feeling himself lose the high of an impending orgasm. He refuses to put himself first if Sherlock is uncomfortable at any point of time during their lovemaking, so he quashes the tiny ounce of frustration that makes itself known. He removes his hand from down below.
“No, I had her cot situated in my bedroom so she was within reach if and when she woke hungry in the middle of the night and I was in the kitchen experimenting. And before you ask, no, I did not conduct any toxic experiments, nor anything involving dead or putrefying flesh. I wouldn’t do anything that may compromise Rosie’s environment,” Sherlock admitted, cheeks flushing slightly at the show of affection. “Also, your bedroom had barely been touched since you moved in with Mary. Mrs Hudson only did the necessary dusting once in a while.”
They tumbled into their orgasms shortly after, reassured and tired but trusting and oh so happy to explore this new facet of their relationship.
“Wait, wait, Sherlock - where are you going? I'm sorry, I'm sorry!” he holds tight to those narrow hips. “I wasn't making fun of you, alright, it's just.. You're
He’d made Sherlock all the weaker for it, but what is a man without flaws, if not to use that weakness to build on his strengths?
Sherlock chooses to spend the quiet evening at the kitchen table, poring over his notes on the most random of topics, only making a sound of affirmation whenever John asks if he would like more tea, or if he would like to have Chinese takeaway for dinner.
John still attends sessions with his new therapist Marlene. She had been a big help after Mary’s death, but with the new developments concerning Sherlock and John’s violent bouts of anger, they’d had no choice but to push back John’s progress. He took it all to stride, knowing that he is now no longer just doing this for himself and Rosie, but for Sherlock as well; John wants to give it his all, to prove himself and everyone else that he is a changed man.
John is entranced. Splayed out, his lover is all sharp angles and alabaster skin. His limbs seemingly go on for miles. There is a crimson flush from the top of Sherlock's flat abdomen all the way to his neck and his lips were swollen, plump from their thorough kissing. His hair perfectly contrasts the rest of him; dark against an ivory landscape and even whiter bedsheets. His ribs and hips are all bone but John spots plenty of curves too -- courtesy of that arse that should be illegal and strong calves and even stronger pectoral muscles.
“Ready?” he asks. The mop of curls mumbles an affirmative into the pillow. “Relax for me, love,” he instructs, pushing his middle finger in to broach the first ring of muscle. Sherlock keens some more, his hands running all over John's back, grabbing at his shoulders as the sensations wash over him. He starts puffing short, shallow breaths, and before long, John inserts his forefinger into that tight hole, scissoring his fingers to stretch and loosen the passage.
“It’s none of your concern, Mycroft,” Sherlock sighs, averting his gaze to look out the window to the corridor outside, subconsciously seeking out the familiar silhouette of his friend.
Sherlock's erection is trapped between their bodies, and John feels it it twitch and slick their bellies with pre-ejaculate. He picks up the pace now, adjusting the angle just so, aiming directly at Sherlock's prostate. “
“You, just you,” Sherlock groans, making a point to deliberately undulate his lower body against John's, shocks of pleasure shooting down their spines as their erections slid together. The pre-come they have both been leaking eased the friction somewhat but nonetheless John enquires as to where he might find some lube. The detective twists around to slide his hand between the bed frame and the mattress, producing a half empty bottle, shoving it into John's hands.
Of all the times Sherlock had imagined dying in a dark alleyway, it was always during a dramatic chase with a criminal, and not during a pathetic and desperate attempt to acquire cocaine, for
The sound of the door closing behind him echoes through the still air of the room. John remains where he is, unwilling to move closer unless Sherlock asks him to. Instead he takes the lead, opening the conversation.
"Mycroft had them taken care of." John's gentle grip on him tightens and relaxes as the doctor pulls him in so Sherlock has no choice but to look at him. John's gaze is more open now, dark blue irises dilated to the point of black and the tiniest hint of wetness at the corners of his eyes.
