Espresso chose that moment to leap up on the back of the sofa and chirrup loudly at Sam to get his attention.
Steve stared at Tony, for a second he looked elated, then horrified, then guilty, the last being the emotion that stayed, “I left him. He was alive and I…”
“I don’t mean to interrupt, but you said something about wanting help?” he asked, Bucky, “Are you in trouble?” Bucky nodded,
“The Professor.” Zach declared, frowning and leaning forward as the Doctor’s companions ended up in a creepy orphanage, “I’m gonna travel all of time and space.”
“Bitch.” Tony murmured, getting a small smile from Pepper, “They haven’t shown up here, yet, but I suppose it’s only a matter of time. I’ve been having Friday field their calls, I’ll have her do the same for you. That alright baby girl?”
“Do you want us to go bankrupt?” Norman snarled at Harry, “Do you want to give up your phone, your tablet, your play station, your designer clothes. Do you want to have to take the bus to school instead of getting driven in a limo, and eventually driving yourself in a sports car?”
For what felt like forever people droned on and on, they paused to clap and then listened or pretended to listen more, until finally the speeches ended and the coffee and little truffles were brought out along with after dinner liquors as the orchestra started playing again and people rose to dance.
“Oh fuck me.” Tony moaned realising that this was Steve’s revenge for his Captain America swimming trunks.
“Yeah I’m good.” Tony said looking at his reflection in the monitor, damn, Natasha had done a good job, if he didn’t know better he would think that hadn’t suffered any injuries at all and had been getting several good nights sleep.
“So, Hi.” Steve said giving the kids a smile. “I can’t promise that my public speaking will be as entertaining as Tony but..”
Vision have a nod and phased out of the cell. Sniffing and wiping his face on bruised wrists, Tony pulled his knees towards his chest and began to rock back and forth, biting at his nails as he waited.
Tony purchased the biggest fattest turkey that Steve had ever seen, Clint joked that it was actually an ostrich since a Turkey could not possibly be so huge, not even if it was given hulk enhanced steroids.
Engage in sexual activities outside of the privacy of personal quarters. (Emphasis on this to Tony.)
“It should have worked.” Howard said, letting Maria take the baby from him, “He must be weaker than I thought, he shouldn’t be reacting like this.”
“Fine, thank you for asking,” Tony replied. So what if they were a little odd, Toby did toast things, he just got carried away doing it and burned everything to a crisp, and Micky had a thing against meat, and eggs, and frozen foods! Cathy was alright though, she was always bubbling and huffing steam happily.
Had Rogers not acted as he had, not said that Howard should have brutalized Tony, then perhaps people would have forgiven him for agreeing with Victorian-esque punishments due to his upbringing, and they may have even been forgiving for his views on sexuality, in his day it had been illegal. But he had been in the twenty-first century long enough to have learned better, or at least known to keep such views to himself and not condemn others for their beliefs.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” He asked, his voice too tight and choked from his recent vomiting for him to sound accusing.
“Nope.” Tony shook his head, “Not happening, if I let you loose with Zach and Peter again I won’t have a house left!”
For one of the few times in his life Tony had actually been lost for words, had been unable to do anything but nod his head while tears ran down his cheeks, but not even the colourful fireworks could have looked as bright as Steve's face as Tony accepted the proposal and a solitaire cut diamond ring was placed upon his finger.
Peter let out a sigh of relief as he heard the metal shutters sliding back up and quietly made his way back into the first lab. He remained on the ceiling until he came to the computer where his phone was linked up, checking that he was alone he lowered himself down with his webbing and disconnected the phone, tucking it away he began to scurry back up his webbing when a voice shouted out.
“What?” Peter began to have a strange coughing fit and Clint appeared to be having some kind of strange sinus issue that had him snorting loudly.
He’d never cried over Stane, but then he’d never loved Stane, and he’d not been taking hormones to increase his ovulation. Stupid hormones, they were turning him into a blubbering mess. Soon he’d be curled up on a sofa in his dressing gown watching soap operas stuffing chocolate or ice cream down his throat while crying over shitty storylines.
Peter of course remained silent, sleeping on while his parents waited anxiously for him to come back to them.
He was panting and shaking by the time he got up the first flight and had to give himself a moment to breathe before he carried on, but the second he lifted his foot to take the step he felt something pop and a rush of water soaked his trousers.
Norman chuckled, “You are a true Osborn, Son. You’ve got a blood thirsty heart.” He grinned at his son, “You’ll be a great businessman one day.” Harry smiled back, happy that he’d impressed his Father and happy that Peter would pay for beating him up.
“Hey, that’s our Deadpool you’re damaging!” Peter yelled shooting web into Cull’s face, as Cull swung at him he webbed himself up onto a passing Leviathan out of reach and cheered as Wasp blasted the chitauri rider off it.
“Okay, we’ll look.” Tony promised, placing a palm on Steve’s abdomen, and damn! That was one firm load of abs. “I’ll dig up a decent photo of him and have Jarvis run facial recognition. He’d be in his nineties now so we’ll have to modify for age, it might take a while.”
“One put together with wooden spoons and bandages?” Fury drawled eyeing Tony’s makeshift splint, “Carter, go and get the medical supplies, Stark needs something better than that.”
But, while Zach had been a baby and a toddler that had been pretty easy, he’d slept a lot as a baby as infants do, so aside from having Jarvis monitor him and going to him when he needed changing, feeding, or just wanted a cuddle, Tony hadn’t needed to do that much to entertain him.
“What do you think Rogers and his merry band of assholes are going to do now?” She asked looking between Vision, Rhodey, Tony, and Steve.
“MAMMA!” Peter moaned, “Dad?” He appealed to Steve, “Can’t you take him somewhere he’s being embarrassing again.”
“You are trying to make me prematurely bald, aren’t you? You’ve been trying to do it since college when I found you rewiring the power socket with wet hair and a screw driver between your teeth!”
“There should be some.” Tony said, he always kept limes around as Rhodey liked Tequila with lime and salt.
He started when a hand clasped his shoulder and he looked to see Sam standing next to him, “I’ll be alright Cap.” The Sergeant said encouragingly, “Tony was in his suit and Peter is enhanced, they’ll survive this.”
“They were attacked by Hydra.” Bruce said, “They escaped but want to remain hidden so that Hydra can’t find them.”
After his first talk with Steve, Tony found himself able to talk to the Alpha more freely and felt the better for it. Sharing his experiences through the wormhole, his worries about a second attack on earth, and his nightmares seemed to help ease them, they didn’t go away completely but Tony started to be able to get a few uninterrupted hours sleep a night and eventually even a few days a week without nightmares.
Tony had meant for the Ultron program to be a last resort, clearly Jarvis had perceived it necessary to take that level of defence.
With his attention on Peter, Tony wasn’t watching the Doctor, who had dragged himself to the door, “You haven’t won Stark.” He spat using his feet and good hand to shove a shelving unit out of the way, “You won’t get out of here alive.” He slammed his palm over a button and then hurried out of the door.
“Your sure you don’t mind?” Tony asked really not wanting to get out of bed yet, Steve leaned over and kissed him, “This is your holiday too, have a lay in.”
“Dude, do you think they are doing alien autopsies?” Ned gasped. “I mean Thor’s an alien right, so its possible?”
Steve stared at Tony then at Sharon, there was little resemblance between the two women, Sharon was fairer, the also didn’t have Peggy’s strong features or the determination on her face, but then Sharon had been born into a time when Women and Omega’s had at least some equality where in Peggy’s time, she’d had to fight for even a slither of respect.
He wasn’t sure how long he, Peter, and Zach sat there like that, but none of them moved until the intercom phone rang. All three jerked in response and Peter got up, wiping his face as he went to answer the phone, after a few seconds he looked to Steve confused, “Security say there is a woman called Maya Hansen is downstairs. She says she knows Mamma and that she might know something about the Mandarin, she thinks her boss is involved and she knows he met with Pepper just before Happy was blown up. His name is Aldrich Killian.”
“Great.” Tony expanded the design on his tablet screen so he could get a closer look, “The interior is going to need a complete overhaul for all of this, the harness needs to be able to support my weight but not be constrictive, I’ll also need to make sure that my spine is well protected and isn’t put under additional stress.”
“Oh yeah, he’s got the puppy eyes and pout down to a fine art.” Tony groused, “Kids had a rough time too, his dickbrain dad left him, his Mother, and Sister. His Mother is having to leave them at night to go to work.”
“I won’t.” Steve said staring at the bloody, pale face, “Come on Tony, be alright.” He said reaching out and taking a gauntlet covered hand, “Fight for me shellhead, don’t leave me.”
“Hey, no debts between friends.” Tony said, he slapped Thor’s shoulder again, “C’mon big guy, let’s hit the road, you too Brucie-bear, least I can do is buy you dinner, after all, you’ve already got in my pants!” he wiggled his eyebrows at Bruce who sighed heavily at the inuendo which had Clint snorting in amusement.
These remarkable individuals have come together to risk their lives and protect us against threats that no one else could face. We have seen them in action, we have seen what they are capable of when working alone and when working together. We know them to be incredible people of unimaginable bravery.
“Love you too, Tash.” Tony sing-songed back at her gleefully shooting down several more Bots, only to take a heavy blast to the side himself.
“I know.” Fury said, surprising Tony. “That’s why I’m bringing you in. I’ve got too many eyes on me to do anything without being stopped. You however are only a consultant to Shield, a freelance consultant who is blasé about following any orders. If you were to come across confidential information while helping us do a computer update and were to leak said information… well…”
“I don’t know what to do.” He whispered to Bruce, “Pepper’s in the hospital with Happy, Rhodey is God knows where doing God knows what, and Tony….” Might be dead….
Bruce was right, Peter was right. He did like Tony, really like him. Wanted to go steady with him. But how could he?
Steve scoffed, “How? I can never seem to save anyone, all I do is mess up_” He was cut off as Tony placed his fingers over his lips, on instinct Steve stared into concerned Chocolate brown eyes and couldn’t help but to pucker his lips against the fingers, kissing them, he heard Tony inhale sharply but the Omega didn’t pull away, taking his chances Steve surged forward and captured Tony’s lips in a kiss….
“And you have?” Tony shot back, “I stay away because she doesn’t remember me anymore. When she see’s me she thinks I’m Howard and start’s screaming at me for something he did, or something he didn’t do, and her getting upset is bad for her blood pressure and heart. It’s better if I stay away and remember the woman that she was than risk causing her to have another stroke.” He leaned forward, gripping hold of the seats and bared his teeth at Sharon, “What’s your excuse?” He hissed at her.
Craning his neck Peter listened, focusing his hearing as the moan came a third time, getting him he followed the direction it had come from, walking the entire length of the lab and coming to a sealed air tight door than appeared to lead into another lab. Had it not been for his enhanced hearing he probably wouldn’t have heard the moaning, but his hearing was so sharp he could easily pick up something through what would be soundproof to others.
There were voices from all over the hospital, patients, Doctors, visitors, orderlies, cleaners, Nurses. He could hear all of them. Women and Omegas screaming through labour, new-borns wailing. Doctors in theatres barking out instructions, crying children, groaning adults, chatting hospital staff, people complaining, people on phones, people everywhere. He could hear each and every one of them in a continuous deafening cacophony of sound.
Steve shook his head, trying not to think about the needless expense that was probably pocket money to a Billionaire.
Sobbing and shaking, Wanda fell to the ground her powers gone for good. Vision turned to the team, “She will not be any further trouble.” He said, and looked to Tony, “You should heal now, her power will dissipate from your mind and you will be able to rest easy.”
“Steve I…” Tony broke off and cried out as a contraction hit, over the line he heard Steve asking what was wrong and Friday telling him to breathe.
Pepper nodded, “We can have individual NDA’s drawn up for each of you. No one will be made to do anything they are uncomfortable with.”
“You’re going to be alright.” Steve said to Tony, keeping firm hold of him, “You’re going to be fine. We’re going to be laughing about this later, you’ll be making stupid jokes while I’m fussing over you.” It was a good thing that his face was already wet because it made his tears unnoticeable.
The bots and Peter helped keep him amused while Tony and Bruce ran tests an simulations. The whole procedure lasted a long weekend in which neither scientist slept until they had a formula to stabilize the extremis. It would allow Zach to keep the ability to produce heat and fire from his hands at will and it also gave him immune system and natural healing abilities a massive boost to the point he would never get sick again and would likely heal from broken bones within hours. But he would not be breathing fire from his mouth or run the risk of exploding with the liquid fire in his veins getting too unstable.
“Right.” The Doctor said, getting a syringe, “Lets get the placenta delivered and we can be on our way.” He ignored Tony’s sobbing and screams for his daughter, jabbing him with the syringe and set about delivering the placenta, once it was out the Doctor took Tony’s legs down from the stirrups getting a kick in the face for his trouble from the anguished mother.
Steve stared at Tony in shock and the Omega shrugged, “I was in the vacuum of space. The cold there is even lower than in the arctic,” He tried to smile but didn’t manage it, “I wasn’t conscious for long either, the lack of air had me unconscious in seconds and the suit protected me from the other dangers, although if I’d been out there any longer then I wouldn’t have lived. The suit without power couldn’t have protected me indefinitely, the cold, the lack of pressure, as well as the lack of air would have gotten me in a few minutes.” He drew in a deep breath and tapped the table top with his fingernails, a slow beat, “I keep dreaming of it. Every night, the vacuum killing me, the Chitauri killing me, falling back to earth and dying on impact.”
The team spent another night in Rose Hill, Tony insisted on taking everyone out for dinner for their last night and they all had fun trying to beat each other at pool while the kids kept score and booed or cheered depending on who was taking the shot.
“One day won’t hurt, Tony.” Steve assured him, “Come on, you’ve earned a rest, lets just pack up a picnic and go to the park, let Lily crawl about on the grass and just enjoy the sunshine.”
Tony and Steve took him to see Santa in a department store, Zach had a cuddle with Santa and had his picture taken while he was sitting on Santa’s lap, and was given a huge bag of candy that had Tony groaning because all that sugar meant he’d be dealing with a hyperactive child once Zach had gobbled all the candy; he was already attack the candy cane before they’d even left the store.
A loud and boisterous pillow fight between Thor, Zach, and Peter was filmed, feathers going everywhere and the cats running about trying to catch them.
“Would you care to reconsider your position?” Strange asked, mystical weapons conjured and ready for use, Ebony whirled back around with a snarl and lunged for Strange, only to be deflected by him and thrown down the road,
Pepper, ever practical, (Someone had to be) had bought Zach new pyjamas since he was out growing his current sets, but these were all Avengers themed, she also bought him new Iron Man trainers, and, since winter was fast approaching, a new winter coat with Captain America gauntlet gloves, a star spangled scarf, and a cowl hat.
Bleach everywhere, the bitter tang of it stung his nose and the back of his throat ached from it. He could smell the perfume, aftershave, and deodorant of everyone in the hospital, even lingering traces of his parents. But their scent comforted him, the rest of the smells in the hospital sickened him. The smell of blood, of urine, of faeces, of vomit, of infection. They hung in the air mingling with the disinfectant and scents of hygiene products, making Peter’s stomach churn with nausea.
“Oh its so sweet!” Wade cooed, he looked from Steve to Tony and back and again, “The two of you have got to do the super-cock, male pregnancy thing and make a baby together, just imagine it, Cap’s boyish, all American masturbation fantasy looks, and Stark’s super brains, he’ll be the super sexiest, super smartest, mother-fucking, motherless superhero ever!”
Tony wasn’t making sense, he sounded paranoid, bordering on hysterical. Steve could guess it was from Wanda’s mind raping, but that didn’t make it any more easy to handle right now, as Tony was like a spooked horse, one wrong move and he’d bolt.
Over Tony’s shoulder she saw Steve standing in the doorway. Their eyes met and shook her head slightly, knowing that Tony wouldn’t want Steve to see him in a moment of weakness. A look of understanding came over the Captain’s face and he gestured that he would make himself scarce, backing away silently so as not to disturb Tony.
“No, I’m a visionary.” Killian said jogging back up the stairs and heading for the door sending his thugs back inside to keep and eye on Tony, Natasha, and Clint.
“You could have done more to save us.” Was always his final words before he slipped away, leaving Tony alone to witness the horror of his children.
“Someone?” Steve had barely spoken when there was an ominous laugh and an image appeared on the screens before them, a form that Steve vaguely recognized but couldn’t place.
“It’s not you,” Tony said, cursing himself for how lame that sounded. “You are in a really bad place right now, you are vulnerable and hurting and… it’d be wrong of me to take advantage of that.”
“And you are now grounded.” Tony declared, he hauled Zach up by his arms and set him on his feet, “And you can help clear this mess up.” A snicker came from over head and Tony glared up at the ceiling, “And don’t think you are getting out of it either Featherhead, get your ass down here and grab a mop and bucket.”
“You’re real big.” Zach said, “And got long hair like Auntie Pep.” He reached out a small hand to touch Thor’s hair which the God allowed seeming delighted by the Pups attention. Peter however only had eyes for Bruce, immediately talking with him about science and Biology, quite startling the Doctor by his enthusiasm and depth of knowledge.
"Tony, don't do this." Steve sighed, "This isn't your fault. You could not possibly have known something like this would happen. How many school trips happen every year and how many result in something going wrong? Hardly any. You had no reason to think that anything would happen to Peter."
“And do you believe your hands to be the right ones to have access to such a weapon?” The French Representative asked, her glasses sliding down her pointed nose as she looked at Tony, who shrugged,
At the mention of JARVIS, his beloved AI, Tony crumpled. The fight going out of him. He sagged in Vision’s arms, panting and in pain.
Wisely or maybe foolishly he decided to leave the Maximoff’s behind, sending Pietro out into the field to fight and leaving Wanda to guard the base, he had left her with the means of contacting him (If she survived) if she did then she would be worthy of joining him in his new base, if she didn’t then…well he would cut his losses.
Seeing what they were doing, Steve stopped beating the shield into Thanos’ face and wedged it into his gauntlet to prevent him closing his fist. Roaring Thanos back handed Steve across the battle field and grabbed at the shield to pull it free, but he was too late, Tony lunged at him, grabbing onto his arm and yanked at the damaged flesh, ripping it off with an arc of blood.
“Its healing well. The doctors think I will have a scar but that it will be very faint.” He replied, “My chest doesn’t hurt anymore either, that finally stopped the night before last.”
“Are you okay?” Peter asked, holding back from hugging Tony in fear of hurting him more, but was pulled into the family hug anyway.
“Full access to all information on anyone and everyone at any moment of the day, three full battle-ready ships air born over major cities. It isn’t just security cameras or remote surveillance of hostiles. This normal everyday people having their entire lives documented and recorded.”
“Mr Stark is being taken to Intensive Care.” The consultant said, “He has been placed in a drug induced coma and will remain unconscious for the next ten days to give his body the best chance at recovery.”
After ninety minutes they left the woods and headed up the track into the mountains pausing every so often to take photos of the woods and lake below them.
“I know.” Tony sighed, “But what about Barnes? He has suffered so much already. The last thing he needs is more punishment, he needs help and compassion. He won’t get that inside a prison.”
“Yeah,” Tony panted, swiping at his face, brushing away tears before Steve could see them. He fixed a watery smile on his face and turned to the concerned Captain, “Sorry about walking out. I didn’t mean to abandon you.”
“You wish, Birdboy, Steve’s ass is America’s ass. That ass has the stars and stripes on it and makes spangles look fine!”
“I guess.” Peter mused frowning into the flames, “Will I be going back to school once you sort things out with the school boards?”
“Me and Bruce need to build a time machine so I can turn him back into a sweet nine year old then I won’t have to face any of this!” Steve laughed and held Tony in a hug, silently planning what to say to Peter.
Steve clapped a hand over his mouth and bolted from the cell, he shoved past the rest of the team, going to the nearest toilet and threw up everything that was in his stomach then collapsed onto the floor sobbing.
Men had walked on the moon, there were technological devices on the surface of Mars sending back images and data, other ships had gone far out into space, beyond Neptune. Pluto wasn’t a planet anymore!
Tony inhaled deeply and his eyes shone brightly as tears came into them, “What did I do to deserve you?” He asked,
As soon as the doors were shut, the driver of the car put her foot down and they sped off leaving the Hydra agents in the dust.
“Steef!” Zach yelled, leaping from his stool and charging full steam at Steve, who caught him about the waist and lifted him up to sit on his hip.
“That sounds good.” Steve said, “And he’ll be mixing with kids his own age, he’ll probably make a few friends.”
“Not allowed to go with strangers.” Zach said, sliding off the sofa, he looked at his Brother and the Captain, then he turned and tried to run. He was fast on his feet but Maya had the advantage of longer strides an easily caught him, lifting him up and clamped a hand over his mouth, swearing when he bit her.
“Yes Sir.” Ned whispered shamefaced and biting his bottom lip. MJ was much the same, her shoulder’s hunched and head hung low.
“I’m not groping him.” Tony retorted, “My hands are not even under his clothes, you of all people should know that for me, on top of the clothes does not count as groping.” He turned back to Steve and pressed their noses together, “Hey there soldier, got something you need to bring up with me?”
He wasn’t being any help to Peter either, the poor boy was stoically trying to hold in his tears, trying to stay strong and not demand comfort of his own when Steve knew he shouldn’t have to demand it, he should be receiving it anyway.
Tony smiled, cupping Peter’s cheek, “I won’t lie to you and say that I’ll never leave, because we both know that one day my time will come, but I will say that I will do anything and everything I can to stay by your side for as long as possible.”
“Howard Stark’s journal, or one of them.” Natasha said, helping herself to Steve’s sandwich and finding it more palatable than his cake. “It’s from the time when Tony was born and covers his experiment upon him.”
Steve looked up at Sam brokenly, “Its been eight months since Siberia Sam.” He whispered, “And nearly nine since Tony’s last heat.”
“Zach is fine, and you will get through this.” Tony said, “When I first got back from Afghanistan it was struggle for me to even shower, and it was months before I could sit in a shallow bath. Now I can do both, so I hope that maybe one day I’ll be able to have a deep bath again, go swimming with Zach and Peter. Stop fearing water.”
“You realize he’ll be awake at dawn and want to go straight to the beach.” Peter said with a wry grin.
“I am not your anything.” Bucky snarled, “I was happy in Bucharest, I was building a life there, me and Winter. But and yours destroyed it. I went to Stark because I thought he could keep me safe from the witch, stop her from attacking my mind. But he did more, he offered to help me,” He looked over to where Tony was laying limp in Steve’s arms, the super soldier cradling him as tremors ran through the billionaires body as if he were suffering after effects from ECT. “You let that bitch hurt him.”
“I don’t know, I think you’re pretty great myself.” Tony jumped as Steve said this, the Captain strolling into the kitchen and wrapping his arms about Tony’s waist, kissing his neck, “Bringing me breakfast in bed, hmm?”
“Like you don’t want to go back because that twenty-something waiter was making eyes at you?” Steve placed a hand over his heart,
Sam’s smile fell and a look of disbelief widened his eyes, “Twelve to thirteen miles in thirty minutes?”
“Eight months.” He said, his voice hoarse with Tony’s hand still clamped about his wind pipe, “You are in a base just outside of Baku. We took you from the base in Siberia, your capture had been planned for a long time, a replica, a shape shifting alien had already been acquired to take your place so no one would suspect that anything was wrong.”
Once he’d gotten MJ free of the webbing the two of them walked back through the park at a relaxed pace, speaking with Ned on the phone.
Steve stood up tall and proud, his chin jutting out, “I do not fear the press. I always strive to tell the truth and always shall.”
“You should see the amount of flowers, cards, and cuddly toys you’ve been sent.” Peter said, “And Twitter and Facebook have just about had meltdowns with the amount of posts and tweets there have been.” He took his phone from his pocket and pulled up some photos he’d taken of the ocean of flowers, cards, and teddybears that were surrounding the hospital grounds, and some of the photos that had been sent to him by Ned and MJ of the almost knee deep gifts that were surrounding Stark Tower. The most adorable of them all were a stuffed Captain Ameribear cuddling an Iron Bear on a heart shaped pillow, this had been given centre position and Tony couldn’t help but to grin at it.
Starting from his sleep over at Ned’s and his first successful patrol of the city, Peter began to go out onto the streets regularly. On his first night out, with Ned and MJ in contact with him via their phones, he had stopped three muggings, a couple of drunks brawling, two drug deals, and had the embarrassment of seeing a hooker doing her business with a punter in an alley.
“Sir was out of communication for several minutes upon discovering the sceptre and before he was shot.” Jarvis said, “I do not believe, that if she was in the vicinity that Wanda Maximoff would have passed up a chance to torture Sir’s mind.”
“Who knows.” Natasha said stretching out her legs and settling in for a long wait, however, they did not have to wait very long before things started heat up, literally, with several drones flying over and dropping missiles down onto the base.
“More than ten years.” Tony grumbled, “I’ll be old and wrinkly and saggy while he’s still young and hot.”
MJ and Ned met at the gates, hugging him and expressing their delight at finally having him back with them, well, Ned did, MJ was too “Cool” to hug people.
Sure enough, within the next thirty minutes Steve had a Facebook account, and Twitter account set up, and Tony gave him tutorials in both so Steve would be able to post images and comments at his leisure.
The Winter soldier was laying on the ground with his metal arm sparking from exposed wires, a good chunk of the metal blown away by the force of the blast Tony had given him.
There was a dining room with a heavy dark wood table and chairs to sit eight, and a fully functional kitchen. Two bedrooms, “So you can have friends stay over or turn one into an art studio, whatever,” and of course a large bathroom.
Pain he could manage, he was used to pain, he could ignore it and push on through it. But the name, the Alpha Captain had called him, had seemed to recognise him…
Steve bit his bottom lip; they had wanted to keep Peter’s enhancements a secret, wanted to spare him the media attention, but he couldn’t hide it now, not when Peter’s life was hanging in the balance.
Sam was sat in the kitchen drinking tea, there was a suspicious glass at his elbow with melting ice and the dregs of an amber liquid. Whisky most likely, well neither Steve nor, Tony could blame him for needing a drink after a couple of superheroes dropped on his doorstep.
Tony opened his mouth, closed it, looked back down at the letter and then back up at Steve, “This is your hand writing?” Steve nodded, Tony looked back at the letter, “Right now at this moment in time, I would say no, time travel is not possible, in ten to fifteen years however, who the fuck knows?”
“Yeah, so?” Tony avoided looking Steve in the eye, he was still feeling the sting of shame, no, not sting, burn of shame at having to be cleaned up by the nurses. He also knew that despite the possibility of being able to walk again, outside of his braces he would be very much in the same position as he was now for the rest of his life. Helpless, if he got sick in the night in the future he would either need to wake Steve and get carried to the bathroom, or have to have a commode by the bed, or risk making a mess everywhere and he wasn’t sure which was more humiliating. Even if he became very proficient at moving himself from bed to a wheelchair, he wouldn’t be able to do it in a hurry and if he was about to vomit then he’d need to hurry.
Steve nodded, “That sounds like a plan.” He then paused, thinking about the bed situation, “I err, I’ll take the couch?”
Steve nodded in agreement, he wasn’t sure what he thought about finding Bucky. He was elated at the prospect of his friend being alive, but at the same time he was afraid of what state he’d be in. What if he was like Peggy was said to be, alive but mentally failing. What if he was crippled, old age having robbed him off his mobility as it was wont to do. What if he didn’t even remember Steve, even Tony had said that Bucky could have severe head injuries, he might not remember anything of his life before the fall, might have rebuilt himself a life with a different name and wouldn’t want some random stranger coming in an disrupting that.
“If we are to agree to such a Weapon, Mr Stark, then you may not be the one to have control of the weapon as you say.” The English Representative said, “It would be far more likely that the codes for such a device would held by the United Nations.”
He made Pepper C.E.O of Stark Industries. He’d been thinking about doing it anyway, even before he’d found out he was dying, he wanted to focus on Zach and frankly he’d always been better tinkering in the shop than sitting through board meetings.
“Ohh, hello, we’ve another crab.” Tony said pointing to a shore crab that was scuttling along the sand giving them all a wide birth.
The nurse's expression became even more sympathetic, "At this stage it is too soon to say. The consultant will have more information for you when he has Peter stabilized."
“ANTHONY EDWARD STARK!” Pepper shouted making Tony’s reproductive organ shrivel and retreat back inside his body for safety. “What in the name of all that is sane were you doing?”
Despite Bruce’s attempt at reassuring him, Tony wasn’t convinced and wouldn’t relax until the Doctor visited and made a diagnosis.
“Why not.” Tony said with shrug. Peter let out a gleeful exclamation, setting down the car and went to get the bike and some chains and ropes.
“The bastard shot him up with extremis.” Tony spat, “It’s made him capable of producing massive heat from his body and fire. It’s stable-ish right now, but…” He broke off and rubbed his face tiredly, “I need to get it stabilized in him before it goes critical, and no one can know about his abilities, at least not until he much older.
“Maybe save the spear searching for another time?” Tony suggested as Zach slowly but surely nodded off into a nap,
“Hey!” Wanda geared up to use her magic, but Vision was ready for her, and with a blast from the mind stone, he sent her reeling back.
“I know.” Tony said, “And I forgive him. This is just to teach him that actions have consequences so he won’t do it again. It’s to teach him responsibility.”
“Are you ready to go back to bed?” Steve asked, “Or would you like to shower first, or maybe take a bath together?”
As all eyes turned to Deadpool the deranged lunatic shrugged, “How else was I meant to get here, not all Superheroes and break into the franchise big time. I don’t have the endorsements and merchandizing to buy my own jet, jeez I only have two movies where you guys have two joint movies and several solo works going on!” Deadpool’s white eyes went wide and he suddenly gasped, “The Little Mermaid, I fucking love this movie!” He summersaulted over the sofa and landed besides Bucky, giving him a grin from under the mask, “Doesn’t seeing her seashells make you super horny and consider running into the ocean totally naked and masturbating into a clam shell?”
Tony did as instructed, copying Steve until he felt a little calmer. “But what should I do?” he asked, “I can’t ignore this, can I?”
The Avengers will continue to function.” Tony said, “At present I am obviously taking a leave of absence from the field but will be working to rejoin the team as soon as I am able. Until then, Iron Man will be replaced by a fully functioning AI code named Vision, who will be leading the Iron Legion.”
“I’ll let you go.” Steve said, “If there is one thing I have learned about children, its that hungry tummies should not be ignored.”
Zach hated seeing his Mamma cry. It didn’t seem right, his Mamma should never cry, his Mamma should always be happy and laughing, not sad.
It was the first time Tony had slept in a bed since Peter’s accident, or really slept at all, he’d been snatching naps as he and Steve had waited for Peter to wake up. Naturally, he was exhausted and had fallen asleep almost as soon as his head had hit the pillow and didn’t move until Jarvis was waking both him and Steve, turning the lights on to just twenty percent so they wouldn’t be overwhelmed.
Peter nodded, that made sense. “We’ll also be running more tests to see how else you have been effected. It is possible that this is only temporary, but it might be permanent, we don’t know yet.”
“As Steve Rogers has strength far greater than that of a normal man, extra measures have to be taken to ensure he gets a good workout. For this the team, and Tony Stark’s family help in this.”
“Can I have marshmallows now?” Zach whined at Steve, he’d been asking since breakfast for the sweets.
“Oh, well, okay, I can teach you.” Tony said, “I had over ten years of dance lessons so I would know how to move on a dance floor at galas and balls, I don’t think I could still do ballet at this stage in my life, but I’m certain I can take you through a waltz, a tango, and a few other styles.”
Peter felt very disconnected all of a sudden, floaty and light, everything was slipping away from him, the room seemed to have become liquid like, all melty and fluid, it was blurring and swirling….the last thing Peter heard as he fell into the swirling fluid world was the Doctor swearing and something exploding.
Silently Sam joined Natasha, helping Clint get to his feet and supported his weight, for once Clint wasn’t arguing about being coddled, he allowed the pair to help him off the Quinjet, down the ramp and onto the hospital roof, where they were greeted by Doctors and guided into the hospital to get Clint into the emergency department.
“No!” Wanda cried, as Vision lay his hands on her, and his head against hers, drawing the power out of her body and back into the stone.
It had taken Steve, and Vision over three hours to dig his body out. Reed hadn’t been able to help them, he’d been sobbing over Sue’s broken body. Steve had carried Tony’s body from the devastated remains of Long Island. Carrying him, with Vision following silently, and Reed carrying Sue’s body.
“Think about it, Rogers.” Stark said offering him a bag of dried blueberries, “Shield is a military organisation, covert but still military. In your experience, what military organisation has ever been interested in creating clean energy sources for the planet?” Steve didn’t answer, didn’t have to, his face said enough on its own. “The only thing they are interested in is weapons.” Stark said, “And power for themselves, so they can control everything.”
His false cheer must have been really terrible because saw through it immediately and moved to sit up but not to get himself between Tony’s legs, but sit up straight.
Peter pulled a face as he thought, “I’m not sure.” He admitted, “Home schooling would be easier. I wouldn’t have to face any negativity from anyone, but I also wouldn’t be with Ned and MJ and I miss being with them.”
“Likely so.” Fury agreed, “Alright, Stark, get to work on that program and let us know when Jarvis finds the Falcon Wings,” he looked to Natasha and Steve, “Think the two of you can handle retrieving them?”
“Oh God.” Sam whispered as time ticked worryingly onwards. Above them Bruce was hurrying down the path as fast as he could, while their teammates searched frantically for Tony.
He thought briefly about calling in the Avengers, but decided against it. He’d tried to explain to them time and again about the threat Earth faced and no one listened, even now with this Steve’s presence they were deaf to his reasoning. He couldn’t afford to waste anymore time on them. If they did as Steve suggested and gathered other allies in preparation, then they could always bring the Avengers in when the need arose.
“Wanna sleep here, you’re warm. Night Petey, love you.” Zach said and with the ability of children he was fast asleep in a few moments of closing his eyes.
“I highly doubt that it is either.” Bruce said eyeing Zach, while the boy was miserable and uncomfortable, he was not nearly unwell enough for it to be either of those, certainly not meningitis.
Giving him another grin Steve set off, catching up with the others quickly, leaving Tony to sunbathe and Bruce to enjoy his book.
Happy New Year. Stay Safe wherever you are in the world, lets hope 2021 is better than 2020 has been.
“Zach honey, I’m sorry.” Pepper pleaded, she Steve, and Rhodey were having to break the news to Zach that it was time for him and Peter to go home, which meant he’d be separated from Tony for several more weeks.
He followed behind Tony trying and failing to keep from looking at the Omega’s ass. He knew Tony was being nice about him needing to get out and meet people his own age, but he didn’t want to, he was happy with Tony and the kids, he liked spending time with them, he didn’t want to go and meet some Beta Women or Omega, even if it might mean that one day he’d have his own Pups. He wasn’t even sure if he should have any considering the serum, it might have an effect on the Pups.
Peter shrugged, “Okay.” And without warning he pushed himself off the ceiling and plummeted to the ground with Tony crying out his name as he fell, trying to reach him in time but Peter landed with the grace of a cat before he could and bounced right back up onto the balls of his feet.
“Wonderful, Jay.” Tony said, “That was the best first date ever. So relaxed and fun and I can’t wait to go out with him again.” Tony stripped his clothes off and threw himself down on the bed in a belly flop. “Steve’s really sweet isn’t Jarvis?”
Flat on his back Steve coughed and spat dust from his mouth, he rolled back onto his feet seeing Clint and Natasha in the same state.
“So you’re a whore, what else?” Natasha snarled, grabbing the back of his collar and twisting the material so it was cutting into Slattery’s throat.
"I'm sorry Ma'am, but it's our Son, he's only thirteen and we were told by his school that he's been brought here in critical condition."
Steve growled and clenched his fists, he swore he would wring that bitches neck himself for what she was doing to Tony.
Feeling brave Tony rolled up his jeans to over his knees and slowly waded out until the water reached his mid shins.
There was a roaring in his ears, the rush of blood from his pounding heart was deafening him and the world was swirling around him making it impossible for him to focus on anything at all.
“Shall I get the airbeds filled?” Peter called leaning into the boot to get them out along with the pump.
“This car park space can be expanded on and turned into a full garage for Avengers vehicles. And right down there we can put in a landing pad, it’s away from the trees so that won’t be an issue and our jets don’t need a runway for take off or landing.”
“Well they’re excited.” Steve said bracing himself behind his shield and Thor struck Mjolnir upon the vibranium with a deafening ring, the force of the blast knocking the soldiers on their backsides.
It was moving how careful Steve was being with him, how much care he was putting into his touch, holding back so he did not accidently hurt Tony, but it was not enough, Tony wanted more, wanted to be held tight, to be pinned down and owned by Steve, to be claimed by him and to feel it for hours after.
“He asked for your blessing?” A part of Tony light up at the thought of Steve going to ask Rhodey’s permission to date him.
Taking the phone, Tony shuffled along into the bathrooms and went into the nearest stall, shutting and locking the door. Sitting down on the toilet he quickly typed in the pin and opened the phone then dialled the compound.
Fury leaned forward folding his hands and resting his wrists on the desk, “It will only be used to deal with hostiles.”
“J your snark is becoming troublesome.” Tony warned the AI, “I will restrict your internet access and reprogram you.”
“Thanos,” Vision said, frowning at her. “It seems that there are many parallels between our world and the one Captain Rogers comes from,”
Peter jumped to his feet off his bed the moment Steve came into his bedroom and began to apologise. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean what I said, I don’t know why I said it, I couldn’t stop my mouth, it was like it had a life of it’s own, I didn’t mean it, I’m so sorry I really am!”
The pre-teen sat stiffly at his side, chewing on his bottom lip as he watched Steve try to comfort Zach.
“I like you in a uniform.” Tony said, “I very much like the thought of you in your dress uniform, all starched and smart, and then messing you up and stripping you out of it.”
“You won’t get my baby.” Tony panted, writhing on the bed in complete agony, “I won’t let you take my baby.”
The only saving grace was that he was very used to the symptoms of pre-heat now and knew exactly what it meant when he awoke with his skin feeling prickly, a dull ache in his pelvis, soreness in his breast tissue, and a heavy feeling in his belly.
“Jeez man, with heart burn like that you need to see a Doctor pronto!” Tony quipped shoving stacks of packing crates between himself and the deranged Killian.
“All of the Avengers participate in keeping fit, including Tony Stark and Bruce Banner.” The Host explained into the camera, “Bruce Banner has to show caution when he engages in physical activity because if his heart rate and breathing increase too much then his alter ego, The Incredible Hulk may be triggered.
Those dreams had been hard enough to deal with, they’d left him shaken for days afterwards. But they’d not been every night and he’d been able to comfort himself with the knowledge that Obie was dead, Raza was dead, the Ten Rings had been destroyed, they could never come for him or his family again.
“I know, right?” Tony said making his way over to the damaged armour and began to force open the chassis and looked over the wiring, “Damn this is going to take some fixing.” He sighed, “What tools do you have here?” He asked Sam.
Even as his body wanted to fall limp, Steve kept a firm hold on Tony, carefully lowering him down so he was laying back on the bed, then he slid out from between the Omega’s legs and lay down with his head on Tony’s chest.
“No. Or at least not really. A couple of Harry’s friends have been giving me dirty looks, but nothing else, and Flash isn’t exactly that popular, people only stuck by him because they were afraid of getting bullied themselves, no he and Harry have been knocked down a few pegs not many people are sticking by them.”
If Tony Stark had a choice he would choose burger king over a high end restaurant any day. Or, when he wanted something other than fast food, he liked to go for small family run establishments, like the Italian he had taken Steve and the boys to after Coney Island. He found the atmosphere more friendly and relaxed than in one of the up market restaurants, where the waiters were all in livery and spoke in overly polished accents, had their noses in the air as if they smelled something foul, and everyone was so stiff that they never enjoyed the food they were eating because they were too focused on how they looked and if they were impressing those around them.
Lila, Cooper, and Nate had already had most of their presents, but the team had gotten them a few small gifts to open so they could share in this with the adults.
“You can bet Hydra is in with them, and probably has people in place in governments and other positions of power all around the world.”
“Well that’s great.” Steve said, pushing off the wall which he’d been leaning against with one shoulder, “If you’ve found it then you can fix it, right?”
With Norman on his heels, Curien didn’t dare to stop, he staggered out into the street uncaring of the cars coming towards him, bracing himself he let out a hoarse cry as a car slammed into him, his legs breaking on impact and his skull thumping against the bonnet as the car screeched to a stop, then, with his vision fading he slithered down onto the road letting darkness take him.
“Damn Stark.” He muttered, He’d make that damn Omega pay for his injury, if he’d survived the building blowing up. Osborn wouldn’t be happy about the loss of the lab, but, at least Curien had some information on Stark to offer him, the Spider brat’s identity, assuming of course the brat was still alive, if not…well, Osborn would be happy to see Stark mourning his Kid.
Zach didn’t answer Steve, he just buried his face into Tony’s chest and curled his legs up refusing to look up at Steve or Peter.
“Okay, Bot bros get in place.” Clint yelled as he and Tony finished seeing up pineapples on pedestals.
Tony had suddenly gone pale, was panting heavily, and his eyes were huge in his face as he stared at Steve, as if he was not quite seeing him, or was seeing something else.
A horrid feeling of helplessness filled Steve. He was on his own here, Natasha had gone to stay at Clint’s until after the new year, Sam was still in DC, Thor was God knows where, Bruce was hulked out, Pepper was being taking to a hospital, or Steve assumed she was, Rhodey was incommunicado on his mission, and Tony was….
“Get out of the way, Wilson.” Tony barked, blasting off into the air again, he dodged a wave of Wanda’s magic, and fired at the ground near where she was crouched, showering her in earth but not actually hurting her.
Tony shook his head, he couldn’t ask questions now, couldn’t think right now, not about anything but the misery that was quickly setting in.
“Excellent sir, will the two of you be picking out wedding coordinators or will you have Miss Potts do so.”
“It’s not like it would do much good anyway.” Tony said shaking his head, “He’d only be a low level flunky. Someone to get his hands dirty and do the grunt work but to know the big secrets or anything worth our while.” Natasha’s hum was one of agreement and Steve didn’t argue, it was unlikely that Hydra would have placed anyone of great value in SI as they wouldn’t have wanted to risk losing them or their secrets if he was detected.
Steve, this Steve swallowed hard and managed a weak smile, “Hi Tony,” he greeted, “I, well, uh, it’s a long story,” Tony nodded his head then startled as the bundle in Steve’s arms gave a cry, he realized, belatedly that it wasn’t a bundle but a baby!
“You know, I’d let you drive back, but you got your licence in the dark ages and I don’t think you handle my baby.” Tony said, tossing his keys into the air and catching them.
Bending his knees and holding his breath Tony leaped off the catwalk and counted a few seconds in his head before firing the repulsor at the ground, clearing debris and breaking his fall as the blast shot his body back up once he was ten feet off the ground, so when he did hit the ground it was not as deadly a fall as it would otherwise have been. That wasn’t to say it didn’t hurt, because it did and Tony felt his shoulder dislocate as he rolled over on it, getting himself to his feet running for the exit as fast as he could.
His Birthday went great, the three of them curled up on the sofa with pizza and drinks, (Soft drinks for himself since he’d decided to stay dry) and watched the Fellowship of the ring, Two Towers, and Return of the King.
The burns on Tony’s back, hand, and the back of his neck were first and second degree, painful but only a few would scar. The Doctors who treated him wanted to keep him in as he had suffered burns to such a large area of his body, but Tony was adamant that he needed to get home to Peter and refused to stay for longer than getting them dressed and his shoulder put back in place.
“Has Santa been in the night?” Steve asked, sitting up and pulling Zach into his lap so Tony could take a few minutes to try and wake himself up properly.
Bruce cooked an amazing Indian feast, his travels through India having given him experience on how to properly cook with spices and make authentic dishes and accompaniments. He even made a special dish milder dish just for Zack, who’s palate was still a little too young to handle the strong spice from the adult dishes, although Tony allowed him a taste of everything, he liked the look of.
He almost jumped out of his skin when his mobile rang and he answered the call without even looking at the number, his heart leaping inside his chest when he heard the voice through the ear piece.
“So you are a more mature and level headed man, and a commissioned officer.” Christine said, “Anything else?”
Four heads snapped in Lily’s direction, eyes wide with shock and dawning horror as they all realized that at eight months old Lily had not only spoken her first word at an early age, but it had been a word that they would have rather she did not say.
“We’ll make the best of this Tony.” Obie said giving Tony a toothy grin, “Howard might not have seen it, but I do. You’re a golden goose, you are special, and I’m going to take care of you.”
“Whassup Cathy?” Tony called, cracking the eggs into the frying pan, “Don’t worry, I’ll be getting a couple of cups from you soon.” He turned the sausages again, groaning at the blackening flesh, “God I suck.”
“Thanks Sam.” Steve said very grateful that he wouldn’t have to wear his bloodied clothes throughout the day, Sam saluted him and took off for his run.
“This victory shall be Dooms.” Doom said as he appeared in the sky with dozens more bots surrounding him.
Steve found Tony scrubbing a pouting, scowling, and sniffling Zach clean of the oats, while wearing a lot of them himself over his clothing and in his hair, the bathroom floor was covered in them, the sink, the walls, even the ceiling had oats on them.
“Shit.” Peter bent down and began to hurriedly gather the papers and stuff them back into the folder, jumping again when another moan reached his ears. It didn’t sound animal, it sounded more like a human in pain.
He wasn’t sure what the make Natasha Romanoff; she seemed friendly enough but there was something about her that had him on edge, as if there was more behind her smirk and cold efficiency than she was willing to show.
Ned looked over his shoulder to MJ and sucked in a sharp breath, “The Oscorp factory.” He said looking back to Tony with tears in his eyes, “We were investigating Oscorp and tonight Peter went in and…..well something must have happened.”
“No.” MJ said, “So he’s not breeding that kind of stuff for the Military, or at least not the US Military. Anyway the Hybrid stuff isn’t just limited to animals, I found references to human experimentation.”
Tony began kissing Peter's face and held his IV free hand tightly begging Peter to be strong and to come back to them.
When she’d seen them both engrossed in building a space rocket, Pepper and rolled her eyes and said she wasn’t sure which of them was in fact the child, Tony had proved his maturity by sticking his tongue out, which of course made Peter snort with laughter.
“Oh its not your fault a fence lizard decided to make Zach his bed last night.” Tony said with a shrug, “But maybe 86 the horror stories until we get home?”
Once he was scrubbed clean he threw on a pair of sweats and a hoodie and went back to his Sons room, Peter had come home from school and was entertaining Zach for the time being, giving Tony a chance to talk to Steve who was still cleaning up the bathroom, he’d scraped up all the oats by now, and was just rinsing down the tiles and mopping the floor.
“Can’t sleep, need t’talk.” Zach said, wriggling around until Peter had pulled back the duvet and allowed him into bed besides him. Zach burrowed down into bed and wrapped his arms about Peter, snuggling into him.
Tony then turned serious and pulled Steve into a hug, “Really though, thank you. You didn’t have to do that, put yourself at the mercy of the media, that was very brave even for Captain America.”
“Yeah, sick all over my furniture.” Tony groused, “Barton!” He yelled and Clint turned away from the camera he was holding up to his face with a frown,
“Poor kid is better off without him.” Sam said, “He’s got a chance to have healthy relationships with people now, away from his father’s influence.”
Vision frowned. From what he had observed on the TV, and during the meeting they had had at the compound, Tony was not using this other Steven Rogers for anything, and he seemed to genuinely like Lily. Vision was still learning about humans and their interactions, but he did not think that Wanda or Sam were correct in their assessments.
“Oh I’m focused, especially if you’re offering a threesum!” he looked to Steve, who was blushing and laughing at the same time, “We could have some fun, make a Steve sandwich, or perhaps a spit roast Billionaire?”
“Good luck on that.” Natasha sneered rolling her eyes, “I’ve known him nearly ten years. He never shuts up.”
He stared down at the water, at the blood in the water. His partners blood, his fiancé’s blood. It felt almost disrespectful to be washing it off his body like this, as if he were trying to erase some part of him, he almost felt guilty for wanting the blood to be gone, to want to wash it all away and be clean again.
Jane nodded, “I’ll explain to Thor later.” She said, watching as the boisterous God played catch with a fire ball that Zach had produced, only crushing it in his fists when Peter arrived home from School and immediately joined Zach in greeting Thor.
“You are not alone Steve.” Natasha said squeezing his wrist, “We will all be there with you, as will Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy, all of us will be help you, so don’t you dare give up on us.”
“We have to be super to deal with you two monsters.” Tony snarked back at him, “What about Senator Assclown as he made any comments yet, what about Thunderbutt?”
I mean, take the President. He’s black! And your Friend Rhodey! Neither of them would have reached such positions in the forties. A black man would never have been made colonel back then, and Fury would never have been in charge of something like Shield. It just didn’t happen, and someone like you, an Omega, you’d never have been in charge of a company, you wouldn’t have been allowed to be C.E.O, and you certainly wouldn’t have been permitted to be Iron Man.
Harry smiled as best he could with his mangled mouth, “I want him to hurt, Dad, I want him to hurt like he made me hurt.”
“The UN will be made aware of this and implementation across the globe will follow on their go ahead.” Fury said.
“I’ll die first.” He rammed his forehead against Rogers, making the smaller man stagger as dizziness assailed him.
Tony shivered at the contact from Steve’s fingers, they were gentle but his skin was extra sensitized right now so it felt like electric jolts dancing over his nerve endings.
“I’m here, I’m fine.” Steve said, relieved he could lift himself a little off Tony so he wasn’t crushing him anymore. He made a mental note to talk to Tony about Howard again in the future, he wanted to know what Howard had done, what he’d been like to Tony as a child, whether he’d had any idea of what Stane was like, Steve prayed that Howard had been ignorant of what a monster Stane really was.
Darnel pointed to where the worst of the destruction was, the epicentre of the blast where floor burned on top of the rubble and none of the building was left standing.
“Great.” Peter said, “I’m getting closer.” He paused at the top of a tree and looked out over the park spotting a dark shape moving through the shadows. MJ, “I see her.” He said and leaped down from his perch.
“I apologise, Man of Iron.” Thor said shame faced and saddened, “I should have taken greater care in defeating Doom, then you would not have been hurt.”
“No, Hank Pym created Ultron. When we tangled with an Alien called Kang, the system got corrupted and he turned evil. We eventually managed to defeat him, but Hank left the Avengers, gave up being Antman, though he did become an unofficial Avenger again, Yellow Jacket,” Steve smiled fondly, “He and Tony had some cracking arguments. I think they went out of their way to annoy each other, and Reed? God him and Tony were always at each others throats!” The fond smile turned wistful, “Their gone now,” he murmured, looking down at Lily, focusing on feeding her the banana, “Everyone is, but me and Lily,”
Between laughs Tony looked up at Steve his eyes dancing with mirth, “It’s not my fault you’ve got a possessive kink, Cap. You’ll just have to learn some self-restraint.”
“Fucking incompetent assholes.” He grumbled meaning the other medical staff he had to work with, “Should have changed the damn thing.”
Jarvis paused before answering, “I fear I do not know. This is a situation we have never faced before, I am uncertain how to advise.”
“Well, so far he’s behaving himself, or as much as Deadpool ever behaves. He’s only had Barnes threaten to kill him twice so far, and if Bucky does actually follow through on the threat then Matt will happily defend him pro-bono.”
“They are.” Steve said, “Intelligent, kind. When he was three, Zach donated his allowance to a cat sanctuary and adopted two kittens because he saw an advert on TV about abandoned cats. We’ve had the pair ever since then, Gingerbread and Espresso. And Peter, having lost two sets of parents in tragic circumstances is so well adjusted, so thoughtful and kind it is a privilege to be around him.”
“I knew that Iron Member needed help. My Spidey senses were tingling!” Peter looked affronted at this,
The middle aged man whose house he had entered startled upon seeing the asset at his kitchen table but quickly covered his surprise.
Tony frowned at him but did as he asked, “Ready?” Maria said, Tony nodded, closing his eyes and let out a cry of pain as the bone was pulled back into alinement, he bit down hard on the spoon and squeezed Steve’s hand tight waiting for the pain to pass while Maria swiftly splinted his arm to keep the bone from going out of alinement again.
With a smile on his face he walked out of the shield apartment, locked the door and never looked back once he’d handed the keys into the supervisors office.
Tony shook his head, “No details.” He repeated and looked up at Steve, “What the hell am I supposed to say to him? That his Father was a murderous bastard, that he tried to kill me three times and would have succeeded if I hadn’t killed him first?”
“You have no right to be here.” He spat at Steve, “You don’t belong here. If you are as much as soldier as you claim then you should have stayed in your world and fought on like a man, not run like a coward. You say it’s to protect that kid, Lola or whatever her name is, but she’s not even yours. She’d be better off without you, we all would.” He kicked Steve in the face, momentarily stunning the prone man, giving Rogers the chance to go for his shield, but turning his back was mistake, as Steve freed himself from the widow bite and leaped onto Rogers back, forcing him to his knees as he delivered punches to his kidneys.
Clearly Tony’s paranoia and trauma were acting up again in a big way. Sam had some new fangled term for it, something about traumatic experiences and stress effecting people like shell shock, and obviously this Steve character was taking advantage of it, taking advantage of Tony’s mental and emotional vulnerability.
With antlers and a sceptre, and a bunch of magic tricks that would have impressed Steve if the man/God/whatever wasn’t in the process of threatening the planet.
Along the way Steve and Peter got into a conversation about the possibility of their being able to catch one of the trout that were in the lake or one of the other fish there and having it for dinner. Tony doubted that they’d be able to since they didn’t have any fishing gear and would have to either make spears out of branches or try with their bare hands, neither of which would be easy.
“He’s right.” Wanda said, before Natasha could protest, “Stark hurts everyone, he’ll do the same to Bucky.” She paused and added, “Maybe even make the Winter Soldier work for him.”
“Apparently some parents have raised concerns and pressured the schools into doing so.” Steve said, “And while I vehemently disagree with this, I understand parents being concerned for the safety of their children. It’s something that concerns me too, but I want you all to know that Peter and Zach are not threats, they are very special children, who need to be around children their own age. To have friends, to play, to go on dates, and do all the normal childhood and adolescent activities. They have done nothing wrong, they have committed no crimes, and they do not deserve to be punished or restricted as if they had.”
The Avengers showing up at Harley’s School and them singling him out to join them on the stage at the front of the school during assembly sent Harley’s popularity sky rocketing.
“Well, there doesn’t seem to be any point in my staying here, the Avengers are gone, what use is The Falcon on his own?”
With the armour safely aboard the quinjet, Jarvis pooled all of his intelligence into the mainframe in the tower and initiated Project Ultron.
Deciding to try Bucky moved, slowly rising from the chair, which was of course when Lily decided to announce that she was awake and hungry to the whole world.
“Meet Wanda and Pietro Maximoff.” Jarvis said, “The only two survivors of Baron von Strucker’s experiments with the Sceptre.”
Tony nodded, biting his lips and self-hugging, not quite ready to relaxed just yet, but Steve was by his side, his arm wrapping about Tony’s shoulders, supporting him.
“You’re still stiff.” Natasha said, “You need to loosen up in your pelvis, bend your knees more so you can lean your full body weight into the swing.”
“We could make a break for it.” Ned whispered in Peter’s ear, “Go and find a seat in the cafeteria that way we don’t have to deal with them.”
Unlike the walk to the cliff, the walk back to the villa was subdued and mostly silent. Instead of running ahead every chance they got and pointing things out, Peter and Zach stuck to Tony’s side, Zach holding Tony’s hand the entire way back to Villa. He also refused to be parted from Tony when they went through to the bedroom. Looking very distressed when Tony said he was just going to go for a shower.
He felt pathetic for bawling his eyes out over an argument with Steve, like a cliché over emotional Omega who fell apart after every row with their Alpha, who always turned on the waterworks when voices were raised.
“Tony’s in the lab. You can go down and speak to him when you’ve thought about what you want to say.” Steve said, “You can also join us for dinner, but for the rest of the time you are grounded, Jarvis will also be monitoring your Internet access and won’t allow you to use the tablet for anything but homework related searching.”
Steve held the wheelchair steady while Tony slide into the car and got comfortable, then Steve folded the chair and put it into the trunk, going around to the otherside of the car and climbed in, shutting the door on the noise of snapping cameras and news reporters talking into microphones.
Tony lifted his head and looked at Steve with a frown, “I was sick over myself more than once, wet myself when I had a coughing fit that was so violent I voided my bladder, and I soiled myself.” Steve admitted, “The worst time was when I had gastric flu, I was thirteen, I was laid up for weeks with it, too sick to get out of bed and I was constantly throwing up, and shitting, my Mother did her best, but the toilet was outside of our apartment, it was a shared toilet on the landing and she couldn’t always get me there in time.” Steve’s cheeks heated as he recalled those horrific days when he’d been so ill and totally dependant on his poor Mother, “The spasming in my stomach from throwing up would often trigger my bowel and more than once I lost control and my Mother had to clean me up and change the bed. In the end, to save on the mess she put newspaper under me and swaddled me in rag which could be easily washed and changed. I hated it, being put in a nappy at thirteen, soiling myself like that, but I couldn’t help it, and my Mother never held it against me or thought less of me because it wasn’t my fault.”
Steve closed his eyes, partly in relief and partly in resignation to Deadpool’s trade mark inappropriate entrance.
“That is all correct Friday. Can you now establish uplink to all of Sir’s communications and satellites?”
Tony swallowed hard, conversations about Obie were never easy, he had tried very hard to forget the bastard, but Zach didn’t know that and he had every right to speak about his Father, Tony knew he was getting curious about the man who’d Fathered and he was dreading having to explain the truth to Zach, frankly because he had no idea what to say.
Before them the Oscorp factory was burning, the top floors having fallen down into the ground floor leaving just a few walls standing. Smoke was billowing out towards the sky and fire burning against the stone.
“Knitting needles under your nails, sand paper over your skin, lungs feeling like they are going to explode, a fire at the back of your throat burning you from the inside out.”
“Fire Cracker!” The host chuckled, “I assume it will be a long while before Fire Cracker joins you in the field though.”
“It’s a real thing.” Tony said, “Let Pepper choose, she’s better at selecting things like that than I am.”
“When will they be back, no, don’t answer that, that’s stupid. Can we help them?” Peter asked, “I want to help.”
“Oh okay, yay team,” Tony babbled sounding almost incoherent until Thor reminded them that they still had Loki to deal with.
A pair of sunglasses was similarly created with different levels of tinting in the lenses so Peter’s eyes could adjust.
Steve chuckled a little at that, “You in the habit of picking up old soldiers who go jogging at dawn?”
“And it is.” Steve breathed, “Now how about we finish this off together, then take it back to bed with us, along with Lily?”
Tony had already briefed him on the situation before he had come over so everyone was already in the loop.
Rogers had been trying to get in touch with Tony, trying to reach out to him and stop him from doing something stupid, like Ultron, and to get the press off his back.
“I may not know your parents well, but what I do know of them Mr Parker-Stark, they are both fighters, and they will do everything they can to come through this and return to you.”
“Let’s go and get breakfast then decide what we’ll do.” Tony said, taking Lily from Steve’s arms, “Do you want banana for breakfast Lily-bee? Can you say Banana?”
“Right now your Son’s body is debating whether or not to accept Extremis or too….well, you know.” Killian said snickering, “I’m not sure if you can tell from this, but until his body either accepts it or not, all he’ll experience is searing, agonising pain. It’s kind of like acid in your veins, lava seeping into your muscles, organs liquifying… you get the picture?”
“Oh Steve, please,” Steve said, giving the android a friendly smile. At least one person seemed similar to how they had been in his world.
"They're both fine, you were the only one who got bitten." Steve told him, "You suffered a very bad reaction to the bite, anaphylactic shock the Doctors think, but they'd never seen a case quite like this."
Clint made a face, “She’s an icy bitch at the best of times, a stickler for the rules. But that doesn’t mean she’s in bed with a Nazi organisation.”
“Hey!” Bruce protested, cutting into the increasingly unpleasant discussion, “That’s enough, both of you.”
“Right, I need to not think about this, or I’ll go insane.” Tony said, running a hand through his hair, “Call Pepper, FRIDAY. I need to speak to her, oh, hell do a conference call and get Rhodey online too, it’ll be easier to tell them together than apart.”
“I know you are not the Tony I had in my universe. While there are similarities between you, I can also see the differences and I assure you, Anthony Gregory Stark…”
“Still.” Tony groaned, throwing himself down on the large and very plush sofa with an exaggerated huff. “This is the UN. The actual UN. The representatives of 193 countries are going to listen to me try and sell my shit. Me. The Merchant of Death.”
Zach was too upset to listen to Peter though, he was scared, upset, over-tired, and angry, all of which were combining into one big melt down that was triggering his powers.
“I feel the need to point out that M.S Potts has not given a green light for this venture yet Sir,” Jarvis said.
“Maybe.” The doctor mused, “It’s been treated, stitched and bandaged, professionally too, so he did received medical attention.”
Steve laughed, “My youngest, Zach has a similar obsession with Doctor Who, he has an outfit that he adores to wear all the time and is determined to become a Time Lord.”
“Bruce and Jarvis are working on the sceptre, Jarvis thinks that if they can isolate its energy signature he will be able to find readings of it in your brain.”
Well it wasn’t so fun when you were suffering a headache, nausea, and bloated as hell, especially not when you couldn’t even complain of the symptoms to your shopping partner because no one could know that you were on fertility treatment and it was making you feel so shit.
Vision and Deadpool arrived on the scene first. Deadpool leaped from Vision’s back and announced himself with sexual inuendo while Vision went to take care of Wanda. He was the only one who could after all.
“I want him to lose everything just like we did.” Wanda said smiling at him, “His family, his friends, his hope, everything and I want him to watch as he loses them and know that it is his fault and to hate himself for all the misery he has caused.”
It was so loud, so painfully loud, and it wouldn’t stop, it wouldn’t quieten and give him a moment of peace.
Tony ignored the playful bickering in favour of greeting Peter and an excited Zach who ran into his arms for a hug, then slid down smushed his face against Tony’s stomach.
Tony naturally took the first dance with Pepper, an elegant and easy to follow waltz which ended in everyone clapping and Tony relinquishing Pepper to the Mayor of New York, and turning to head for the bar when Steve held out a hand to him,
While I got plenty of attention when I became enhanced, it wasn’t aimed at me, Steve Roger’s it was at Captain America, the symbol I was turned into. It was the enhancement that people were attracted to, not the man and that made me worried that I would never find true acceptance or be anything but a figure on a pedestal for people to gawk at.”
Zach was getting tired too, he was stretched out with his head on Tony’s chest and his legs in Steve’s lap, his eyes half lidded and body limp with fatigue.
No, the funniest part was that Stark was unaware that Steve was doing it, and that he was reciprocating. His body leaning towards Steve, seeking him out, wanting to bath in his scent if he couldn’t be in contact with him. He wasn’t completely baring his neck, but there was a drop in his shoulders and a slight incline of his head when he looked at Steve, suggestive of what his inner Omega desired.
“Sorry.” Peter mumbled guiltily. If he hadn’t thrown his own tantrum earlier then Tony wouldn’t have to be dealing with Zach having one now because he couldn’t play with Peter.
“No I’m not.” Tony said, getting up from the bed, “If I was Peter wouldn’t be struggling like this.” He bent a grabbed a T-Shirt off the floor and a pair of jeans. “I’m going to the lab.” He said pulling on the clothes, “I need to do something.”
By the time they reached the hospital Zach was falling asleep and quickly succumbed to sleep as soon as he was settled onto the bunk snuggled against Steve’s chest.
“Agreed.” Tony said, “And as a further failsafe, I would insist that you only have half of the command codes, and I keep the other half. That way the chances of this weapon ever falling into the wrong hands is reduced.”
“Yeah, you better, and let Rhodey know and have him tell Pepper. She needs to brace herself for the media storm that’ll be coming her way.” Tony agreed wearily, “And tell them to keep Peter off school, I don’t want kids pestering him with questions of where I am and what’s going on. It’s better he stays home for a few days.”
Were just some of the headlines, #Stony, #Ironshield, #CaptainIronMan, were trending on Twitter, with discussions on the validity of the photos, what the portmanteau should be, if the relationship was going to last, were all underway; with people arguing that the photos were staged, photoshopped, or absolutely legit. The suggestions for Stogers to be the Portmanteau, or Steny were thankfully vetoed quickly. The same could not be said for the arguments over how long the relationship would last.
Tony allowed himself a few moments of glee over getting back in contact with Jarvis before he turned serious again. “Major shit has gone down. Hydra put a hit out on me and Steve, we were attacked by the Winter Soldier, who just so happens to be Bucky Barnes. We managed to get away but we’re both pretty beat up and we need to lay low.
“I want to go with him then.” Zach stated, scowling at Tony with such vehemence Tony actually took a step back.
The hospital kept them both in over night with Steve sleeping in a chair besides the bed, or rather just watching Tony and their Son sleep until it was time for the first feed, which CJ took too with gusto once he figured out how to latch on and suckle.
Homeroom and Peter’s first classes went well, he’d been keeping up with his school work at home so he wasn’t behind on any subjects or facing having to do extra work to make up his classes. He was able to gulp back a protein smoothie between algebra and Geography when his stomach started to growl and that kept him comfortable until lunch which he had outside on one of the benches with Ned and MJ.
Tony waived his arms around trying and failing to sit up, looking like a turtle turned onto it’s back; between them, Steve and Thor helped him to his feet and supported the not inconsiderate weight of the Iron Man armour as Tony swayed.
Before any one could speak again, Steve turned on his heel and marched out of the room, following in Tony’s wake, leaving the stunned and insulted Avengers staring after him.
Peter on the other hand ate anything, having come from an under-privileged background, he had been brought up to appreciate whatever food was put on his plate, because while his aunt and Uncle hadn’t been poor they certainly hadn’t an abundance of wealth and couldn’t afford to waste food.
He could also hear negative comments, people calling him a freak, a mutant, and wondering if he was different “Down there” that made him blush and duck his head almost bumping into a pretty girl who stepped into his path.
Rhodey’s eyes lit up, “Like Afghanistan.” He whispered, remembering the explosion that had drawn them to the area where they’d found Tony, alive after three months.
“Look around you, Captain.” Zola said, “I have never been more alive. In 1972 I received a terminal diagnosis. Science could not save my body, but my mind however, that was worth saving, in two hundred thousand feet of data banks. You are standing in my brain.”
“This is Gingerbread, and this is Espresso.” Peter explained, lifting Espresso, the black kitten into his arms, the kitten meowed and squirmed bouncing down onto the sofa, “Zach saw an advert about an abandoned animals shelter and wanted to go and help out.”
“Pretty good, its been what….five seconds since I left so you know, I’ll wait and see how I feel in another fifteen before I give a definite answer!”
“It doesn’t matter who we are. This was double murder. The courts won’t over look that, especially not the murder of the Starks.”
“Brain washing, some kind of hypnotic suggestion.” He whispered, his voice hoarse both from the swelling in his throat and the sudden dryness of his tongue. “They might even have him on some kind of drug to supress his memories.”
Steve’s flush deepened, “I’ve no real experience with dating.” He admitted, “I wouldn’t know what to say or do. I can’t dance, certainly not modern dance, I struggle with Pop culture, I’d just make a fool of myself.”
“It did, especially since my metabolism has gone insane and I need to eat like five thousand calories a day now.”
“Do hold still now, I don’t want to slip.” The Doctor said cutting two more strokes into Peter, forming a Y-incision before he set down the scalpel.
“I was dropped on the head repeatedly since childhood.” Wade replied, “Mostly during very adventurous sexual positions. It brings a new meaning to the words having your brain fucked out!”
“He doesn’t.” Steve said, “He’s just shooting his mouth off. He’s thirteen, awash with hormones. They all say things they don’t mean at that age.”
Feeling sick Steve ordered Natasha to close the portal. He stared up at the sky, watching as the hole closed up his eyes widening when he saw the red and gold suit. “Son of a gun!”
Tony’s seatbelt was stuck, he’d hurt his arm in the crash and his hand wasn’t moving that well so he couldn’t undo the lock, when Steve had leaped out the car the man who’d attacked had lunged inside and with only one person left there he turned his attention on Tony back handing him with that metal hand which nearly knocked Tony out then that hand and the flesh one were wrapped about his throat and squeezing.
Naturally, as soon as he’d been conscious he’d signed himself out of the hospital, intending to go straight back to work, but Steve had been ready for him, blocking his entry to his lab, demanding that he go to bed, get some much needed sleep and start eating properly again.
“Nothing!” Peter meeped, yeah, he needed to learn how to lie more convincingly, that wouldn’t fool a five year old. “But I do want to ask you something.” He said clearing his throat and tried to make himself relax.
“Worry about saving your own sorry ass. Rogers.” Rhodey snapped, blasting off into the air after Vision, “Because we’re not going to save you from the shit storm coming your way.”
The team had eaten the mince pies, the carrots had been chopped up ready to be roasted and Happy had drunk the sherry.
Sam led Steve and Tony into the spare bedroom, pointing out that the bathroom was just across the hall and said he’d go and put the kettle on and have tea ready for them.
“Ain’t that the breaks.” Clint drawled in amusement, he was holding out his fingers to Espresso, the black kitten was batting at them like they were a toy. Gingerbread, who’d been terrorizing a toy mouse, saw this and bounded up the sofa to join in.
Tony gave him a sympathetic smile, “For a start you let my PR team handle the media right now, at least until you find your footing and feel more confident. As for the social changes, you may be asked by the media what you think of them, and considering what you just told me, I’d say be honest. Let people know how great you think it is.”
“We have to move.” Steve said not taking his eyes of the man as he undid his seat belt, he heard Tony give his agreement and the sound of fumbling followed which he assumed was the seat belt, as the man sprang into action Steve opened the door of the car threw himself out onto the ground, pushing himself to his feet and spinning around ready to fight, only the man wasn’t outside the car, he was still in the car, in the car with Tony!
Zach wasn’t having any of it though, he screwed his face up and screamed louder, “Mamma won’t help you, he’ll turn into Iron Man and he’ll kick your bitch ass!”
Steve was torn between watching Zach and Thor discuss No No words, Tony give Rhodey a dressing down, and Peter trying to escape from sweeping with no success as his Mother spotted him and put him right back to work.
“You’re getting back in there?” Sam sounded shocked which earned him a risen eyebrow from Tony, “Well, you’re injured, that arm needs to rest, hell, it needs properly setting, you need to go to a hospital. Both of you.” He added looking over at Steve who had finished the pizza and was pouring tea.
“Oh and those muscles of his, God, I could climb him like a tree. Jarvis, do you think he’d mind if I climbed him like a tree?”
Tony grinned as did Steve, “Have a good night Detective and thank you for letting us know about the states decision.”
“You mean you’ve still got some marbles left to loose?” Rhodey teased grinning as Peter greeted him.
“No, it’s a random child I decided to kidnap, what do you think?” She snapped at him, shoving him aside so she could get into the car and get Zach Stark buckled into the middle seat.
“Go Green J, it’s the future.” Tony replied, “Some of the trees will have to be pulled up but that’s what I want to do, pull them up by the root and replant, not just cut them down. We are going to need space for classrooms and possibly dormitories for residential students.”
Norman scoffed, “It’s clear where the boy get’s his lack of decency from.” He said looking to the school board, “But then, what can be expected from an alcoholic, sexually promiscuous Omega.”
Sheltered in a hidden escape tunnel, Doctor Curien hurried on his hands and knees panting as the tunnel shuddered with exploding building and falling debris. The self destruct had always been the plan if the true nature of the facility was ever discovered, he, as the head of the medical sciences had been the only one in the know about it, having been told by Norman what to do if the security was breeched.
“And auntie Pepper will make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for school.” Peter said, “And I’ll bet she’ll let you stay up a little late to watch Doctor Who episodes.”
“Later.” Tony moaned, dragging himself up from the floor and tried to get back into bed, but Zach was having none of that and jumped from Steve, scrambling over Peter who complained about the bruises little feet were leaving, and leaped on Tony.
And that whatever food was in their vicinity, whether they would like it or not, the children automatically assumed they had taste testing privileges so he was very often sharing his food with Zach and Peter, and if they liked what he was eating, he would be leaving his own food to grow cold while he cooked more for them.
As Peter had feared he had garnered a lot of attention, everyone stared at him as he walked through the halls, whispered to each-other and looked at him with intrigue, awe, curiosity, and outright fear. The last hurt because Peter didn’t feel he’d ever done anything to warrant fear.
With practised ease Tony posed for a few photos then made way for the next person to come out of the car; Steve was next, stepping out and freezing for a moment as the attention was turned onto him. Feeling like a deer in the headlights he managed to force a smile and a wave, quickly joining Tony. Next came Natasha, an enigmatic smile on her face, her smokey eyes giving seductive half-lidded winks to the cameras as she glided up to join Tony and Steve.
“So I’m like a spider now?” Peter asked. His eyes widened in alarm, “I won’t start growing extra legs will I?”
Tony grinned, “Now this is the best way to end a shitty day.” He declared, “Hold all calls unless it’s a zombie apocalypse and only call us if the undead are actually breaking into the tower, otherwise the world can go to hell!.”
“We’ll figure it out, Big Guy, until then, you’re welcome to crash at mine. There’s plenty of space at the Mansion, and once this place has been cleaned up, you can totally come and stay here.”
“I think it is the wisest choice to absent myself from this conversation.” Jarvis replied, “I shall leave you and Captain Rogers to speak in private, Sir.”
Steve swallowed hard feeling his guts twist with guilt, Natasha however raised her chin defiantly, “So, you took Stark in Siberia, and considering where he was at the time, I think it is safe to assume who took him.”
“Darn and I so hoped you’d agree to Banana!” Tony grinned as Steve swatted him playfully, “No, the name I like is Morgan.”
Tony gave Steve a grim smile as the super soldier joined him and they headed to the garage where one of the cars was already started up and ready for them.
Rhodey sighed, pulling Lily closer to his chest and trying to comfort her, “I’ll call in back up.” He said to Tony as he backed away, “Don’t do anything stupid.”
“Hey Cap, you haven’t said, do you want a boy or a girl?” Sam asked over the coms as he swept down, grabbed three soldiers and took them up into the air then dropped them from thirty feet down onto several other soldiers.
After a week of bed rest Tony insisted on going to his lab and built the prototype for the braces. He was still weak, he’d lost a great deal of muscle mass and was suffering from various deficiencies, but the Doctors were sure he would recover given time and rest. Not that looking after Morgan gave him much chance for that in the earliest weeks, she gave him more sleepless nights than building Rhodey’s braces did!
Rogers held his gaze for a moment then looked away, apparently not keen to start a fist fight with his larger and stronger twin.
“We’re keeping an eye on his Son and the relative he’s staying with, if Osborn attempts to make contact then we’ll know about it.” Clint said.
Over the next eight days the media went wild as news of Tony’s hospitalization and severe injuries were made public.
Blinking to clear his vision Tony stood up straight, “Just making a pit stop actually, I don’t suppose I could trouble you for some rope if you have it?”
Unable to hold it, Tony vomited over himself, the bed and the floor. Tears of frustration, embarrassment, and pain filled his eyes as he lost his stomach all over himself, something he hadn’t done since he was a child.
“Your coming here warned us, warned me. You gave us the chance to prepare and save ourselves.” He leaned into Steve’s chest, snuggling up to Lily, who was delighting in the fireworks exploding in the sky. “You and Lily are the best thing to ever happen to me Steven Rogers, don’t you ever think otherwise.”
Tony had been livid when he’d been told this, had threatened to sue the school and every teacher and anyone else he could sic his lawyers onto.
“Stark would have come even if I’d killed the brat.” He said sulkily, he wished he’d had longer with the boy, learned how his mutation had worked and learned everything he could from him.
“More afraid of having something else stabbed in my neck.” They held each-other’s gaze for a long moments before Natasha nodded,
“Umm, I guess.” Tony stammered, it was way too early to deal with this. “Have you talked to Steve about this?” Zach shook his head,
Peter had been pretty underwhelmed at the prospect of a trip to Oscorp. He lived in Avenger's Tower for heaven sakes, his family were the Avengers, what could possibly be thrilling for him to see at Norman Osborn's Tower? As far as he was concerned there was no where better than Avengers Tower and his Mamma's lab. Hell Norman Osborn didn't have a DUMM-E, Butterfingers, You, or a Jarvis like Mamma did. Granted that meant there would no toxic smoothies, fire extinguisher being sprayed everywhere, and things blowing up whether they were supposed to or not, but without all that it seemed pretty boring since the teacher said they could only look not touch.
“Ladies first.” Iron Man said gesturing for Loki to get on board ahead of him and Steve. The Demi-God snorted lightly and sauntered past them both looking far too comfortable and confident for Steve’s comfort, something was wrong with this situation, very wrong.
“This creates a static feedback on any listening devices.” He explained, “The office has been swept, but I won’t take any chances.”
“58th,” Tony repeated, the name ringing a bell, “Oh shit, the Exo program, the falcon wings. Damn, that was a badass project.”
“Sir, yes Sir!” Tony mock saluted, heading up to where the small stage had been set up to give his speech. As he stood up there in front of the microphone he found his gaze constantly moving to Steve, who was staring at him, a smile on his face, laughing at every joke and clapping with the crowd as Tony spoke. Steve’s attention and support had a warm feeling spreading through Tony’s belly. On the few occasions the Avengers and he had gone to Gala’s and he’d had to make a speech, Rogers had never given him such supportive looks, or been genuinely amused by his jokes. It was as different and as nice as having Steve supporting him down the Red Carpet, it made Tony feel safe and protected, something he hadn’t felt in as long as he could remember.
On their ride back up to the penthouse in the lift, Tony looked at Steve in amazement. “I didn’t know you would do that. Out yourself as a gay man just like that.”
It wasn’t the first time Ned and MJ had been to the tower, they had been over many times in the past, but never to stop over night and were more than impressed by the guest suits they were given. In an ordinary household a sleep over meant sleeping on an air mattress on the floor, or sharing the bed, or maybe going top and tail. But in Avenger’s tower, Ned and Peter got their own room and bathrooms.
“And this is what you get when you make your AI British.” Tony complained, “They become insufferably sarcastic and bitchy.”
“Now, do you two want to practise your German?” Tony asked Zach and Peter, he was teaching them both German, he was also teaching them Italian, French, and Spanish, but he suggested German as Steve was reasonably fluent and could join in the lesson.
“Come on baby, talk to me.” The Captain said, taking Tony’s hand and giving it a squeeze, “Jarvis said you got sick in the night.”
“Just gonna sleep as I am.” Tony said, he grabbed a side of the duvet and burrito wrapped himself up. “Was a really good night though Jarvis.” He added as he the lights dimmed.
“I’d like you to meet Agent Natasha Romanoff.” Fury said calmly letting himself into Tony’s house with a cat suit wearing Natalie Natasha whatever right behind him.
“Strucker huh?” Tony said having Jarvis zoom in closer, “That base is pretty well fortified and considering the terrain we won’t be able to fly in, well, Sam, Thor, and I will, but the rest of you will have to go through the woods.”
Tony managed to blast Killian back again but was thrown across the room smacked painfully hard into the wall, his burned back erupting in fresh torrents of agony that had him fighting nausea and an urge to pass out. It was sheer determination that got him back on his feet and running for cover as Killian let loose another mouthful of fire at him.
"I shouldn't have let him go on that school trip." Tony said in a dull monotone, "I should have kept him home."
They ran for the stairs but found it blocked by tourists and agents coming up the stairs, more were following them down the corridor leaving them with no escape route, or almost no escape route.
“By epic he means trawling ever lap dancing and strip club in New York.” Natasha said, “And his speeches will involve him bribing everyone else to write something for him to pretend to have written himself.”
“Okay, this is less painful than I thought it’d be.” Tony mused as he hugged her, “Are you planning to torture me later?”
“I umm.” Peter looked down at his lap and suddenly became engrossed in stroking Espresso’s silky fur, “I yeah, I guess I am.” He mumbled, flinching just slightly when Steve squeezed his shoulder.
“That’s what I’m hoping.” Tony said, “Peter is great with him, as are you, Rhodey, Pepper; he has plenty of social interaction, but he needs friends his own age as well and I want him to start making them.”
“Wait a second.” Tony said, flying over the castle, “Is no one else going to deal with the fact Cap just said, Language?”
“I swear, the next time you are on a slab, I’m sticking a stake through your heart just to be sure!” He held out his hand to Fury who shook it with a wry grin.
The food was excellent and conversation flowed easily, over a variety of topics; they managed to keep away from talking shop, neither of them wanted to speak about Hydra while on a date as that would truly destroy the mood.
Slowly Tony climbed onto the mattress and lay himself down, starting in surprise when Steve actually tucked him in, “Go to sleep,” Steve said, stroking a hand over Tony’s brow, “We can talk after you’ve slept.”
Steve frowned at the crude analogy but couldn’t say he disagreed. On the one hand it seemed like a good idea, being able to react to threats swiftly and prevent catastrophes like New York from happening, but on the other, it was taking away people’s freedom and privacy. Not just those with something criminal to hide, but normal, innocent, everyday people. That was not protecting their liberty, that was taking it away.
“Well that’s what cosmetic surgery is for isn’t it?” Rhodey joked, “Seriously Tones, you’ve nothing to worry about, if I didn’t think he was serious about you, I wouldn’t have given him my blessing.” This made Tony pause,
Steve snickered not about to argue with that, not when he had Tony in his lap, lifting himself up and down, making his cock pulse and leak so much that his pants were soaked, he regretted not removing them before he’d taken Tony into his lap; the regret was momentary though as he reach down to grab hold of his pant, ripping them off with a single tug of super strength, Tony’s following a second later making the Omega snicker.
“Starting Friday night.” Ned said, “You can stop over at my house, slip out when my parents go to bed.”
“Because that’s what relationships are about, Tony.” Pepper said, “In sickness and in health, for better or worse. You support each-other in good and bad times. Not pick and choose; and this isn’t a weakness, this is….just one of natures cruelties, but its one you can get through together if you let Steve in, trust him enough to help you.”
“That’s not the point.” Mrs Leeds said, “You acted very irresponsibly, you put Peter at risk which has led to him being seriously hurt along with Mr Stark. What if he had been killed?”
“I agree with the Son of Stark.” Thor declared, “The brown sludge is no replacement for the warm flat cakes, and nothing is greater than the tarts that pop.”
“Forensic can examine the bones and see if the injuries were consistent with the crash or not.” Matt said. He shook his head, “This must go further than Barnes. Hydra would have had to have the pathologist who examined the bodies at the time, in their pocket. There is no way they could mistake murder injuries for those inflicted by a car crash.”
An adorable little girl who’d been in a wheel chair since she’d been run over as a toddler sent a message to Tony, promising him that he’d be alright and he’d soon be having fun even through he would be in a chair. The bravery of the child melted Steve’s heart, she had suffered so much, almost being killed by a drunk driver who’d not even bothered to stop after hitting her, yet she was so bright and positive, wasn’t letting being in a chair hold her back at all.
“Really?” Steve snorted, “You make it sound like I’m keeping a battalion in my pants!” His eyes widened and a breathy gasp escaped his lips as Tony’s hand stroked over his crotch.
“Sir…” The guard said, his hands shaking even more, “You…. You must stand down, we will fire upon you.”
“I love you too, champ.” Steve said holding Zach close to his chest. The toddler might not be his by blood be Steve was be proud to call him his own Pup.
Peter heard a shuffling and then the electric hum of a biometric lock in use followed by the swipe of a card and the door shuddered, the metal hinges grinding at it slowly slid back up allowing the security team and a Man in a Doctor’s overcoat to come into the room.
Tony stuck his tongue out and pouted, ordering Peter to stuff his face with pizza and not make any snarky comments. Since doing a deal with Shield, Tony had seen Coulson a few times, he’d come by to let Tony know that the Justin Hammer situation was taken care of, before the death had hit the news. Fury had Tony deal with Ross when he was harassing the Hulk, and Phil had also been by a few times just to see how Tony and the boys were doing. It had soon been discovered that Phil had a soft spot for children and had been enlisted for baby sitting three times, as he’d said, while Tony had handled Ross, and the other two times when Tony had been finishing up deadlines in the lab.
Peter and Ned followed her gaze, and both groaned upon seeing Harry Osborn heading their way along with Flash.
Once they were back at the tower Steve quickly got changed and showered, putting on sweat pants and a t-shirt and headed up to Tony’s bedroom where he found Tony waiting for him, fresh from the shower, his hair damp and swearing nothing but boxer shorts and a faded MIT t-shirt.
Norman bristled at the cheek of that, but it did mean that the man would be calling again and when he did Norman could arrange to meet him and deal with that problem once and for all.
“I did honour him.” Tony snapped at Thor, “He was trying to kill me and Pepper when I killed him, and that was his third try at killing me.” Grabbing hold of the neck of his t-shirt, Tony pulled it down to reveal the arc reactor, “He’s the reason I have this. He was in league with those terrorists, he paid them to kill me, but instead they took me prisoner.” He glared at Thor, baring his teeth as he spat at him, “I spent three months in a cave, being beaten, water-boarded, raped, and starved. I underwent open heart surgery while I was fucking conscious, a man, a good man, dug out as much shrapnel as he could and fitting a car battery into my chest wired to an electromagnet to try and buy me time.” He leaned forward, hissing at Thor now, the demi-God having grown quiet and pale with contrition.
