Dean couldn't help but smile as he watched Castiel interacting with the cavy. He was squatting to be on the different cages level. He kept a respectful distance from them since they were very skittish animals. He spoke to them so softly and they were pulled to him.
“Yes, I'm so sorry I couldn't show you I was here sugar cube.” He held close to him and Sam frowned and Gabriel looked at him worried, thinking the hazel eyed hunter might be mad at him.
There was a kitchen area that could work with no electricity if needed and stocked full of water and nonperishable food. Enough that it looked like a picture on the internet about 'be prepared for a hurricane' or something. There was also a bathroom with plenty of soap, shampoo, combs and towels, and beds that were not as luxurious as the ones in the top floor of the home but Dean hadn't seen that yet and were more then good enough. He was used to sleeping on cheap hotel mattresses so they looked more then comfortable enough.
But as he didn't look away as Castiel stared at his lips, and even licked his suddenly dry lips was the permission he needed. Leaning foreword he pressed his lips to Dean's, electing a gasp from his precious Dean.
Dean felt like he was stumbling and floating at the same time, breathless and weightless, as he pulled on his leather jacket, locked his front door, and staggered across the porch. He had made it half-way down the front steps before he stopped dead once more.
Cas froze in the doorway but didn’t turn.
There were times when the lines blurred, Dean couldn't pretend they didn't; couldn't pretend that he didn't wonder if the version of himself who Cas knew wasn’t a cover so much as the real him. The agent left on the doorstep, at his desk at the office, in the trunk of the Impala alongside his riot shield and a spare shotgun or three was starting to feel more and more like the fake.
He let out a cry of disappointment when Cas let him go, but it morphed into a sob of relief when Cas only turned him and pressed him back against the shower wall. With a smirk, Cas kissed him once then sank slowly to his knees at Dean’s feet, dragging his mouth and hands down Dean’s torso as he went.
going to sit this out, your people are going to retrieve the hostages, and
“Meant. Past tense. He doesn’t mean shit to me anymore.”
“I have got to get that baby girl.”
“Sam’s outside, Jessica, it’s OK. You’re safe now. We’re going to get you out of here right now.”
Cas and the man have a rapid, angry exchange, before the guy turns and storms down the hall, through the sitting room and out of the house, slamming the door in his wake.
Sam was very still behind him.
Dean took the corner slowly, keeping his shoulder pressed to it. Sam was right behind him, closer than he was meant to be, but old habits die hard. Dean dropped one hand from his gun to brush the back of his gloved fingers against his brother’s forearm, their silent code for
“How soon until Michael comes after us,” Dean dared to ask Cas, once they’d climbed into the Impala.
The hours dragged by, slow and agonizing, with no further contact from Crowley and no news about Jess and the baby.
When Dean comes back into consciousness, Sam’s face is the first thing he sees.
“It’s alright, Junior. I got it,” Jody stepped in and fixed up Raphael’s vest, then his helmet.
Jody just shrugged, “The thing is, I don’t think we’ve got anything we can actually stick to Castiel. All we have on him is hearsay and rumour, nothing concrete. We can’t arrest a man based on his reputation. That means we can’t hold him much longer. If he’s going to be released regardless, we might as well cut ourselves the best deal possible with his family.”
Dean felt cold once his brother pulled away from him and slid from the room. He turned his eyes back to Cas, who was still staring down at the table he was seated at. It hurt afresh to look at him, but Dean was determined not to let himself pay any attention to Henriksen, who was ordering Charlie to make contact with the Novak’s while he and Jody started trying to figure out what to demand in return for their hitman.
Cas sighed, rubbed at his forehead in the way that signaled he had a headache coming, then dragged himself up the stairs. The guy didn’t follow, just kept staring at Dean from by the front door.
“Yeah, sweetheart, it’s me. You’re OK now, we’re here, Sam’s just outside.”
Yet another kick to gut, curtesy of the Novak’s; Dean owned a house devoid of the man he loved, a car that would never be
My betas are freaking amazing and I love them!
“Best for who? For Michael? For you? ‘Cos it isn’t what’s best for Sam, and you’re a fucking idiot if you think
Cas had lied to Sammy in the interrogation room. He'd known all along that Dean was FBI, because he'd been sent to kill him.
. Not me, not him. You. You’ve made me into your soldier, had me battle your wars, and for what? To lose the man I love, to have the heartbreak of his brother’s wife and daughter being kidnapped drive us further apart? Everything that affects him affects me too! You’ve hemmed me in well, Michael, but you cannot possibly think that I will not allow it!”
Which is why Castiel had gone to gather up some of Dean’s favorite foods. It was a breakfast for dinner night, he knew that besides pie, Dean’s favorite kind of food was breakfast. He got some Elvis Burgers, which while not entirely breakfast related, they would pretend it was sausage patties instead even if it wouldn’t. Some griddled eggs on the burger, and bacon with the burger, sweet potato fries, and a bunch of fresh fruit on the side. Okay so it mostly wasn’t breakfast for dinner, but it was inspired. It was a breakfast inspired dinner.
“We can't.” He shook his head frowning.
And yeah, so he’s thought about his angelic best friend more than a few times like that, but that didn’t change the facts that were there: this guy had kidnapped him and no matter if he lost his lover he had kidnapped someone. Kidnapped him.
“It isn't a done deal yet.” Dean denied and Castiel frowned turning his entire body over to Dean.
However right now that was not what Castiel was thinking of, his hunter was gone, and seeing how there was no signs of a struggle and not only did he know his hunter but they were also in the middle of practically nowhere as far as the humans would consider. He turned and began flying out, he didn’t need to do much to find his errant mate. Every living thing within a sixty-mile radius of their nest, then he’d just have to disregard any souls that were not his beloved Dean.
“When I was fifteen years old...dad sat me down and handed me a gun, I didn't think anything of it. Figured I would just have to clean it or something but.” He cut off and groaned now that the cat was out of the bag he would have to follow that feline all the way out the house. “He told me that Sam was open to supernatural influences and if he ever went under one to kill him.”
“I am pleased that you enjoy it.” Castiel took a bite of his own food, which was shocking a bit to Dean.
That was surprising but considering how close the Winchester brothers always were it didn’t surprise him that both had an angel as a mate. Dean the Righteous Man with his soul so bright his body could barely contain it was his, the rebellious seraph. It wasn’t surprising that Sam, who might be the favored child of demons and the true vessel of Lucifer, had ended up with the archangel Gabriel who in his own way was just as rebellious as Castiel.
“You and heaven.” He said and Dean frowned thinking about what had happened when he had seen Sam's happiest memories. It was pretty hard to forget that his little brother's best and most happy memory was leaving Dean. Leaving and never looking back.
Dean and Sam, after having gathered so much information from people talking at a diner or somewhere over the years, knew that they couldn't have a conversation like this in such a public place. So they held their questions until they got back to the room. It wasn't particularly easy for either of them to not ask the questions brewing in their minds but was probably the best for them to allow the information to settle.
“Well Castiel is a hottie but I found out he’d run around on me; we did get married.”
He began slipping into Sam's mind, both their eyes closing. For once Dean and Castiel were the ones who had to look confused and weirded-out, like Gabriel normally was, and Castiel looking nervous as Sam normally did.
Dean chuckled as he tugged Castiel along behind him, he was holding a large coke in his free hand and Castiel was holding a humongous tub of popcorn and two boxes of candy. He had never had candy, so Dean told him to just pick one, leaving Castiel to pick a box based on how it looked while Dean already knew what he wanted to pick.
Dean was a horrible influence on his husband and mate.
“Dean, these rings are both men’s rings.” Not only were they a thicker ring that tended to be favored by men over women who tend to like thinner rings, but the size was bigger than most woman’s would be.
“Gabriel? How are you? We all thought you were dead. Again, I suppose.” Castiel then turned to Dean and sighed, “Dean, Gabriel’s vessel is five feet and eight inches, he is only one inch less than the average of men in America.”
“Yeah babe?”
“No problem,” she was between offering the obviously dehydrated man a bottle of water but decided he could buy one if he needed one, plus someone had to be coming to get him, that was why he needed the phone.
Dean had run this trail before so knew exactly what way to do to get out, that was one thing he really knew, knew how to remember where he has been. He jumped as suddenly the air around him shifted and suddenly there was the scarred Castiel again.
“I have alive since almost the dawn of time. I don't think I will ever get used to this.”
“In heaven! There is a-a restricted section.” Castiel frowned, he could remember that and knew of whispers of that, the ancient god kept talking though. “Only archangels and gods can enter, if you truly are as you say you ca-“Castiel let go of him watching the being slide down the heavenly wall.
He knew what went bump in the night. Other people didn't, they couldn't, it'd drive them crazy. Rip away the false sense of security and leave them scared with no way to fight back or even know what to look for.
“Of course not. Do not be daft Gabriel.” Castiel looked at him as if he had grown a second head was the human saying that Gabriel knew which he knew that the younger angel wouldn't understand. Especially since technically angels had three heads.
Then they moved onto the next important part. The home on top. They had decided on something simple, it was what the brothers would want. It wouldn't be a good idea either for in case monsters followed them it would make it even easier. It wasn't as if they wouldn't put protective measures on the home itself, just not as in depth as the bunker. Besides, neither brother was one to want a very fancy house.
“Some things are worth more than money. Will you sell it to me?”
He needed him, needed Dean, ever since losing him it had nearly broken him. Having the Dean of this world had helped him but now losing him he couldn’t handle not having Dean in his arms. He needed to hold him.
- - - - -
This was best, for everyone.
“Well then what do you mean that he is intense?”
“For the cafe?” Dean asked and Sam nodded.
“Should we call?” Jacob asked as Violet frowned turning fully, putting her confiscated pen down in the leather journal that their daddy had made each of them with the help of father it was inscribed with enochian symbols that would hide what is written from human eyes and a demon trap to stop any demons from reading it. Carved in it was their initials; V. W. for Violet and J. W. for Jacob.
It felt almost like he was losing Dean all over again. Taking a deep breath, he allowed himself to slip away from the place. He couldn’t leave this universe; his mate still was there. He couldn’t explain how he was sure, but he was positive he’d know if Dean left.
“Her name is Grace.” Castiel said happily stroking her face. She seemed more then done with being cuddled and instead moved so her butt was against his face. “She seems to want he-”
“Well you actually came,” a voice said before giving a whistle. “Damn, you got scarred up pretty bad. What happened to you?” He asked taking a few steps forward and crossing his arms and raising an eyebrow. That worried Castiel, he had the scars before he started hopping from dimension to dimension.
Dean could tell him if he wanted anything else. As far as the cooking utensils he went and got a box set of pots and pans, he got a set of measuring cups both for liquids and solids as well as measuring spoons and a set of knives and a cutting board. He didn’t know what he wanted to do with the plates and silverware so decided on a set of plain white and silver cutlery. He would need to eventually bring Dean to pick out what he wanted. As far as gadgets Castiel picked up a stand mixer, a food processor, and a food storage machine. Deciding that was enough for now to get them started he went to check out.
“Yeah but I didn't mean for you to stay.” Dean groaned waving him out to get up and follow and Castiel did so following him.
“I hope you know how to do this Cas, because honestly? I'm lost.” Castiel smiled reaching foreword to take Dean's hand.
“Oh come on Sammy! How mad can you really be at me?” He asked and Sam looked up to glare at him.
One second Gabriel and Castiel had been in Heaven, in their true forms talking to their brothers and sisters and the next they were screaming and they were by Sam and Dean's sides. Their bodies side. Sam and Dean, the people who they loved, were long gone.
Dean escapes from the home he and Dark Cas were in and gets reunited with his brother and his Cas, but Dark Cas isn't giving up on his hunter.
Gabriel was smirking and his honey eyes were sparkling with mischief and mirth. He had waited until the two of them were done with the tender moment to speak up. However Sam knew Dean with a lot more then Gabriel did, even if he and Dean clicked into almost instant best friends even when they thought Gabriel was just some pagan demi-god.
“Fuck!” Dean grunted as he and Castiel fell into a roll down a small hill where Dean had taken Castiel to for safety. “What the hell?! What was that Cas?”
- - -
“That doesn’t matter. What matters is you, what the hell happened to you man?” Dean asked and it did two things at once; it answered him that it was indeed his older brother, not any Dean Winchester, but his big brother, but also he finally realized what Dean was; a demon.
“Now tell me. What's bothering you?” Gabriel asked and Sam couldn't hold it back anymore and knew that Gabriel deserved the truth if nothing else so taking a fortifying deep breath and letting it out slowly. He'd have to tell the arch angel that somehow he had come to think of as just a much a part of him as Dean and Castiel were even if extremely different part.
“De!” Castiel screamed out squirming until Sam put him down and ran to him, pulling him into a hug. Dean immediately held him tight cooing to him softly and smiling Sam turned around heading back to the kitchen. Maybe some burgers tonight for dinner, Castiel could use something to make him 'very happy' as he had once said.
But the fact he thought he couldn't have that, would never have it, that no one would want that with him, and though he knew that Sam had some to do with it he wasn't the main problem. John Winchester. And not for the first time Castiel wanted to smite that man.
“Always,” Dean told him, thrilling at the smile it brought to Cas’ face. “I haven’t forgiven you yet. I’ve been trying to adjust to hearing my life the past three years was built on lies. I haven’t been able to, on my own. I need answers. And I need you. I’ve tried to stop loving you, but I’m led to believe that’s impossible.”
“I was going to do it on your birthday.”
“He’s my brother.”
when that bomb went off!”
They moved quickly through the cleared areas, with no need to linger.
As it was, Dean didn’t get over the hurt of the folder and Cas’ lies so much as he accepted it, woke up one night at 2 a.m. and simply pushed it all aside, into a dusty, unused corner of his brain where it wouldn’t hurt if he didn’t let it.
Being the spouse to a secret agent as high up in the FBI as Dean would mean having a target on the back a mile wide. Dean couldn’t risk Cas like that, not his safety and not his knowing the truth. Being so dishonest with the love of his life had always felt wrong, and there was a specific part of Dean’s brain that had to be steeled stronger and stronger with each passing moment in order to bear it. With every lie about where he was going or where he’d been, the guilt thickened.
Cas looked up at him with those fucking eyes, with so much regret and sadness and joy all at once, and Dean had to kiss him. Cas sighed into it, chased for more when Dean started to pull back, the folder in Dean’s hands crushed between them. Dean grew dizzy with endorphins as their lips brushed and their tongues slid together and he used his thighs to back Cas against the wall.
Both were laying back with the feet of the chair up, he slept on his back he was fast asleep breathing softly, beside him was Dean laying on his side clinging to Castiel. Over the two was Castiel's trench coat acting like a blanket, he knew that both liked it, when the spell had hit them they had shrunk while their clothing had remained the same, Cicily had taken the clothing that was packed in Dean and Sam's duffel bags shrinking them for Dean and Castiel, with promise to enlarge them when it was over, the next time they stopped by.
“Anything Dean, anything,” the god promised to the knight of hell who smirked.
I will treasure you above all others, if you do so for me.
Finally some Sabriel. I liked writing this chapter and hope I made it fell natural, since no one ever pretended to be dead to me.
“Papa! Papa!” Violet's screams cut through the house and Dean jumped up, uncaring that the bowl of cereal he had been enjoying had toppled over the milk and cereal falling to the table and floor. Dean didn't even see that instead he was running upstairs to Violet's room.
They expected something to happen, vows, spells, hand gestures, something. No, instead they just looked into their mate’s eyes. For Dean it was simple, he and Castiel looked into each other’s eyes all the time and though Sam and Gabriel were not like that, once he looked into Gabriel’s eyes he gasped because he could look into his eyes and he saw him. Him. The archangel, not his vessel.
So, this time he walked over to the room, sure that if he entered the room through the door than it wouldn’t be too bad, maybe they could make some breakfast together? He knew how much Dean loved breakfast. The one meal he always skipped when he was growing up, eventually Castiel would have to bring that up to him, bring up how he knew, knew it all. But not yet.
“And you will always be with me, and will have Sam and Gabriel in your life to.”
“It’s no big deal, I just figured if we were getting hitched here it might as well not be a practical wasteland.” Dean shrugged it off like there was nothing to look at, but Sam knew how hard plants could be to take care of.
“Necklace?” He questioned but then he thought, and he thought that he might know exactly what the demon was talking about. The demon king smirked and took off his glasses, Sam gasped looking into the empty eye sockets. It was hard to see, Castiel seeing any Dean hurt was hard for him and it was the same for Sam but for Dean he just sighed to see him.
“Have you forgotten I'm not just some Seraph anymore. I'm on the same level as my father.”
“Ooh pecan?” Gabriel smiled and smirked, “one pecan please!” He smiled happily. Castiel looked at Dean who smirked and mouthed 'not apple' which was strange to Castiel as he knew that Dean loved pie and that apple was his favorite but knew he had already tried it.
“Love?!” Dean pulled back obviously shocked and tried to pull away from him, a few steps. “What the hell dude?! You can’t just say stuff like that! You don’t even know me.”
“For how long Cas!” He stood up and began pacing and Castiel frowned and stood up as well and gripped Dean’s wrists, moving him around to sit down.
“There is nothing about the bond that says that we have to be lovers,” he assured him. “We can be friends, brothers, whatever you want. It doesn't have to be any one way.”
“No chick flick moments.” Dean said before it could go farther. Castiel still didn't know exactly what that was but understood what it meant. It meant that Dean was uncomfortable showing his emotions to people, even alone, definitely not happening with a audience. He hadn't ever even seen the brothers say “I love you” to each other. The furthest he had ever seen was when Dean told him that he needed him, and looking into his eyes Castiel saw that Dean needed him more then he would probably ever be willing to say. More then just a angel, a friend, it was enough that he'd mourn for him.
“What do you mean Vi?” Castiel managed to ask and she took one of his hands in both of her's, giving him a heartbreaking smile and despite not being related to Dean by blood in any way, shape, or form she still looked so much like him.
“Damn. Okay split up then.” Sam said and though he was never a fan of splitting up, it seemed like nothing but bad things happened when they did that but after Dean getting kidnapped three times in as many weeks he was not wasting a single second more.
Dean wearing his standard flannel showing off a pie that had to still be hot given the oven mitts he was wearing.
“She was thinking of you…she doesn’t realize how important you are. How good. How gentle. How you care and sacrifice yourself for everyone; those you love and even complete strangers who will never know and never appreciate all that you do.” He said all of this like he was viewing the blackest of sins, but it was only confusing Dean more. “You are so much more than your body,” than it finally hit Dean, apparently the waitress thought that he was hot.
“Why do you think something is wrong?” He asked and whimpered when Gabriel's wings stopped beating and his grace stopped stroking along his chest, arms, shoulders, neck, face and hair in a languid pace. He hadn't realized how enjoyable it was, and how strong Gabriel's wings really were. He was supporting him, a full grown man, on his wings as if he weighed nothing so despite how soft and silky the golden feathers looked. They were far more substantial then they looked.
“Sammy?”
“It looks great Dean, what’s with the lilies?” He looked around wondering if there were any other flowers, “they kind of standout man.”
Gathering his courage, waiting to be rejected once again but it wasn't as if he wasn't used to those he cared about rejecting him and walking away on him. Who hadn't? So he reached out and took Castiel's hand in his own. “I don't understand this bond Cas, I don't know how to take it, I don't know what it means to be bonded.” He squeezed his hand before looking into his eyes. Luckily as his green eyes met Castiel's blue ones the normal mode of communication relaxing him enough that he could finish what he knew he'd have to say. No matter how hard it was for him to put to words.
Castiel sighed and hated himself for how much it hurt. Hurt to see this universe’s Dean with the other version of himself. Sure, he was carving several insults into the walls, but he knew that he was starting to warm up to him. He would not admit it but he didn’t pull away from him, didn’t make a big deal of taking his meals with him, and even sometimes he seemed to forget that he wasn’t supposed to like him and they had some warm moments, especially when they had worked together to make a sweet potato pie.
Castiel saw nothing and seeing the shoe rack and coat rack he didn't know if he wanted to walk out. This was not the Empty, and it wasn't Purgatory, so he didn't know where else he could possibly be. He didn't know if he should go to where he thinks outside is-outside of where? He instead went to another door. With much trepidation he opened it worried with what he would see. It was just a bathroom. Nothing less, nothing more. A toilet, a sink, and a mirror. Nothing he wouldn't expect in a bathroom; toilet paper, a hand towels hanging beside the sink, soap, and a comb and hair gel. Pulling back he instead walked through an archway and was even more confused. A kitchen.
And for now it was becoming too much. Dean needed a chance to get his bearings, and Castiel would do whatever Dean needed. “Let us all think about it. It would be Dean's...baby...” Castiel couldn't help but smirk at the word now brought to mind the Impala, “it would be a lot of work, even if all four of us work together. He should be allowed to think on it.”
“Don’t try to fool me,” the being growled and Castiel was starting to realize what he was, he was the king of hell, even more powerful than Crowley or the other kings and queens he had dealt with. “The ring you gave me, so sure you can take it back, husband, but I want back the necklace that Sammy gave to me.”
Despite that the guinea pig, Grace, seemed more then happy in her new home.
“No.” Castiel sighed but would still have his precious hunter so would appreciate that. “Fine.” Dean couldn't help but give in with those big blue eyes. “But, only one.”
“You make a choice sweetheart?” Dean asked and Castiel frowned which prompted Dean to hold his hands up. “Take your time Cas,” he promised and the angel shook his head.
“This is amazing.” Dean whispered and Sam nodded.
Maybe that would happen as well, it wasn't nearly as miraculous as his brother coming back but it could be the same thing. Dean had done his daily work out and had a shower to wash out the sweat and was now brushing his teeth. He wore a simple pair of gray sleep pants and was shirtless. He had a white shirt to wear but as he was brushing his teeth he didn't want any water to get the fabric wet when he rinsed out his mouth. He hated the feel of wet clothing so would wait to put on his shirt after.
“Hello Dean.” Dean gave an answering smile with his his warm green eyes that were still blinking sleepily, “you still need sleep. Rest. I will watch over you.” Castiel assured and expected honestly for Dean to refuse him but instead he gave him a gentle smile as his eyes fluttered shut.
“I will not lay a hand on your children. I won’t as it is said, harm a hair on their head.” He sighed before squeezing tighter on him, “now tell me!”
Sam was only in a pair of boxer shorts that reached his knees and Gabriel was enjoying the view of his mate unblemished and toned except for the tattoo on the left side of his chest of an anti-possession symbol. Gabriel was dressed similarly to his hunter and his other three wings were gently beating to give Sam a light breeze who gave a gentle humming at the nice breeze.
“Bunnies I guess.” He finally answered, “I used to think-back when I was a teenager-that when I got older I'd get a cat since if I had to go somewhere for a few days and the cat would be okay.” Dean added and Castiel looked down and hummed.
“Not what I meant, it's like all the ones I don't pick I'm abandoning. There are too many that need some good homes.” He explained and looked down and rubbed the back of his neck, and she frowned as she realized just how much of a bleeding heart he was.
“Yeah maybe.” He then gave a chuckle, “when are you and your own kid coming over to visit? I was thinking we could go and check out that one spot, that one in Topeka?” He asked his tone nothing but conversationally.
“Really Cas, the cage is big enough for the three of them, and that way they'll have more then just one other animal; it can get kind of argumentative if you only have two.” Dean smiled and that wide smile that Castiel gave him was like seeing the sun shining down on him and he couldn't help but smile back.
- - - - -
“Where was he?” Scar Castiel turned his head to see Sam once again who sighed, “if we just fight, we lose valuable time, we need to find Dean.” Dark Universe Castiel did not want to do that, the last thing he wanted was to spend time with was the other version of himself and another Sam, even though Castiel was the one who killed him, the one whose hands were covered in his beloved’s blood, blood that would never come off no matter how many times he washed them but still Sam was the one who started it.
“You know them, poppet?” Crowley questioned as the little girl hugged Dean's legs and the little baby managed to get to the group before Crowley picked him up and carried him over, handing him off to Sam.
“In case you've missed it, we're not in Switzerland.” Dean pointed out, “plus the shelter would have told me if there was something like this.” Dean pointed out but his only answer was the archangel shrugging.
“That's a hard thing to really say.” Sam sighed and shaking his head took another bite of his gelato, “the human's version of heaven is just a rerun of their most happy memories, right?” Sam waited for Gabriel to nod before he gave a heaving sigh and continued on. “I had a lot of happy memories from my childhood, but they always involved Dean. It wasn't until I got older that we started to drift apart, I wanted a normal life and Dean wanted to keep doing it.”
“We couldn't stop them if we wanted to Dean.”
“Dean,” like always he put such emotion into that one precious single syllable name. “Have I made you feel not needed?”
All Castiel could wonder at was how right and good it felt to have him in his arms. His Righteous man. Castiel could have flown them to their bed with less than a thought. However, after losing him for the second time, even if this time it was only a few moments, he would take the time to enjoy the reassuring weight of Dean in his arms and so began walking back to their nest.
“Sammy did always say he would make salads, so that it would cancel out the pie.” Dean smirked at the sound of Sam's groan.
“What do you want with him anyway? How do you even know about him?” The man gave a chuckle and then sighed.
“Wh-what?” Castiel was so shocked that his eyes flickered before the unearthly white of his eyes receded revealing his blue eyes once again.
“Agreed.” Castiel tugged on his trench coat to put it back to rights.
“What will happen to them?” Sam asked and the police officer looked over.
“Excuse me?”
“Who is asking?” Sam asked, they had not had to worry about any monsters for a few years-not since that Vamp Scare almost three years ago-but still it didn't hurt to be careful.
“Shut up! You killed me!” Dean threaded his fingers in his short hair, “you killed me and you’re going to do it again! Just leave me alone! You only hurt me!” Dean then started to laugh, throwing his head back revealing his neck which was branded with a burn like circle. “You wear my necklace, like that can undo what you’ve done.” He sneered, Castiel could only yell out.
He kept running and was thankful that he was in shape, he did a lot of running and though he wanted right now to run like his life depended on it, to find Sam and to find Castiel, his Castiel, not this scarred weird being that had some strange obsession with him. But no, he didn’t know how deep in these woods he was nor what was in them, he ran slower, the run that was more than anything meant for endurance. He could run long distances, even though he hated running but he could do it, and in case he ran into a weindigo, werewolf or anything else he didn’t know where exactly he was so didn’t know what would be around him. He tried to ignore how that made him twitch.
I know this is a little slow but I love this chapter and showing how protective Gabriel is to Sam. I wish it was longer but it would drag if it did.
He walked upstairs and found his brother. “Hey Sammy.” Dean said and Sam looked over to him having looked through the rest of the pantry that had some canned vegetables, pasta, everything that would be in any normal kitchen.
“I get visions sometimes, usually more just knowing things and getting feelings. If I feel intense emotions I move things with my mind.”
Cas insisted he had to stay away, which broke Dean’s heart; then he’d return, and break it again; inevitable, it seemed, he’d disappear, flee, give up, and break Dean all over again as he left.
Dean couldn’t get enough. From the soft look of delight in Cas’ eyes when Dean rubbed his spit-wet fingers inside him, which he replaced a few minutes later with his aching cock, to the way his chest heaved as Dean worked him closer and closer to climax, moving harder and faster with every encouraging shout, to how Cas’ lips parted with a soft cry of pleasure as he came, Dean stroking him to completion in time with his own thrusts.
“I’m fine.”
The door pin reset itself daily, communicated by password protected text messages sent to both Dean and Cas’ phones. So, Cas walking right in is not so much of a surprise; what stuns Dean is that he would want to.
Henriksen had pretty much trashed the entirety of his own office by the time Sam ran in, yelling for him to stop.
“No. I’ve barely even seen any of them.” Jessica was still trembling against Dean’s shoulder and he rubbed at her back.
Dean took off after him, keeping his head low as more shots rang out around them. The guy overturned chairs and shoved trolleys into Dean’s path but he dodged or vaulted them with little difficulty. Dean caught him in a back room’s dead end, and a short scuffle resulted in the guy being punched in the face, disarmed and handcuffed to a metal pole.
Dean rushed to his sister-in-law even though she cringed away from him and crouched down at her side to drape his SWAT jacket over her shoulders.
The bust they were making today was a big one, and it had taken months of preparation. The Masters family, who had carved out a niche for themselves in weapons supply for the black market, were exponentially dangerous. Undercover intel had tracked them to a warehouse down at the docks last night, and Dean was itching to get his hands dirty, to get his blood pumping, to get in a fight. Rats like those that made up this family didn’t stay in one place for too long, and if the FBI lost them now who knew when they would pin down so many members in one location again.
Once Victor had finished yelling at Dean for being late on such an important day, he’d hauled him back to the briefing room and all but shoved him down into a seat next to Sam.
“Yes. Michael, three years ago you gave me an assignment, a target to track down, a mark with a life to infiltrate. You wanted me to do that to protect you. 24 hours after I made contact with him you told me to make my choice. And I did. And now I’m choosing Dean again. I will never not choose Dean. I’m protecting him and I’m choosing him.”
“You can point all the fingers you like once Jessica and Mary are secured and safe,” Henriksen carried on. “Let’s focus!”
“God, baby, why can’t this work? Why do we have to go through this? Why don’t we just try?” Dean groaned, still not understanding. He’d never understand.
“I’m going to get them back, if it’s the last thing I do, I swear it, Sammy.”
It wasn’t fucking over.
The onions were starting to caramelize in the saucepan on the stove, but Dean was far too invested in tasting the skin on the back of Cas’ neck. He let his fingers ruck up the t-shirt, traced ab muscles, swept over Cas’ belly button, teased the strip of skin above the waistband of his own pilfered jeans.
“Wait, what? No. No way, man. That’s my sister-in-law and my niece! I
“Oh my god, angel. What the hell…” Dean holstered his gun, called down his earpiece that the southern rooms were clear, but that they needed a medic. Then he skittered to Cas’ side, stroking his hair back automatically to try and comfort him, before reaching for the ropes binding him to the chair.
“Look, Sammy! Doughnut burger!”
It takes a few weeks for it to sink in that Cas isn’t coming back.
“If it is any comfort to you, your wife and daughter will not be harmed, Samuel.”
“Except for the time where you had written instructions to kill me?” he spat, needing the upper hand back.
But the good news is it's here now, and chapter 6 - the final chapter - is en route!
Sam didn’t let him go for a long time.
! They’re not bargaining chips! And they aren’t your collateral!”
“It doesn’t matter how hard the adjustment is. As long as I have you.”
“Gabriel, I think it’s best if you wait in the car.”
I dedicate this fic to SPN episode 15x18
MY BETAS ARE AMAZE.
Sam’s team were the most upset, and his second-in-command, Amelia, cried even as she paced about, too agitated to sit down. The others were all white-faced and shaking from their sobs, slumped in their seats.
Beyond that, the shock, the pain, Dean didn’t really have a name for his feelings, but whatever they were, he didn’t like it. Rage was curdling together with hurt somewhere between his heart and his stomach, and the numb of shock had settled over his brain, making it difficult for him to focus properly. He came to a stop behind the chair Sam had been sitting in and gripped the back of it firmly with both hands as he took another long look at Cas.
Sam leaps to his feet at the mention of Jess and their baby, but Zachariah is already out the door with a backwards wave and an obnoxious ‘Ciao!’ hollered over his shoulder.
“You’ve already been identified, targeted and almost killed by people trying to get to me. And it worked! It
“They jumped me in the driveway, about an hour after Dean left this morning. I could have handled a few, but there were at least five or six.”
“Well someone needs to get in there and get some answers about what he has on Winchester,” Henriksen turned towards Dean, but thankfully his eyes slid past him to Sam.
“Sam’s nerves are shot to shit. When we finally get our asses into gear and move in, he’s sitting out. He’ll be more of a hindrance than a help if he’s allowed a free reign,” Henriksen insisted, as Dean jumped up to follow his brother.
It was a bit of a surprise to Dean when Cas walked in, just as it was getting dark. He looked the same as always did when he came home: beautiful, tired and rumpled in his suit. He even started to automatically hang up his tan trenchcoat by the door, before he remembered himself.
“Why we’ve both been lying through our teeth, trying to protect each other. I understand. You’re angry and hurting. I’m angry and hurting.”
“That won’t happen!” Cas laughed, looking over at him fondly as Dean put the car in reverse and headed back to the road.
“It really is for the best if you remain here with me,” Cas insisted, tone low and slow, like he was trying to convince a child. It only enraged Dean more.
“I don’t know, Dean,” Cas sounded so tired, so sad, and all Dean could do was press his face into his neck and lose himself in the familiarity of having Cas in his arms, where he belonged. He mentally pushed agent!Dean outside to wait on the doormat and revelled in being Cas’ for the last time.
Dean shrugged. “Going to have to. He has to rest.”
Cas looked up at Dean like he didn’t recognise him, which was fitting, really, because Dean didn’t recognise him either. It didn’t matter anymore how many times they’d kissed, how many times they’d fucked, how many arguments they’ve had over who should do the dishes or who was to blame for the size of the power bill or what they should watch on TV. It didn’t matter that Cas had bought Dean the green long-sleeved henley he was wearing under his jacket or that they’d been talking a lot about getting a puppy recently.
And a huge thank you to anyone who patiently waited for updates! The support I've had for this has been amazing. Thank you for reading, if you read it, and enjoy!
In the end, it happened quick, allegedly. It sure didn't feel like it at the time though, and Dean was shocked to be told days later he’d only been in the warehouse for about ten minutes.
Therefore, the bomb that goes off under his car one Sunday morning as Dean’s somewhere on the front path between the house and the mailbox is a pretty big fucking surprise.
Now, the four of them were clustered in the observation room with Dean. Sam was a looming giant at his back, Charlie and Jody were shooting him worried looks from their seats at the table, and Henriksen simply stood with his hands on his hips as he waited for the answers Dean didn’t know how to give.
“Cas is on it, relax. He's really very proficient once he has a target in his sights. It will all be handled, so don’t worry your pretty little heads!” Zachariah waves as he headed to the door. “Dean is the safest man in the city! The only one with more of our eyes on them is your two girls, Samuel!”
“Winchester, when he’s not mouthing off like an ego-maniac, is the best I have. If any of us are going to walk out of that warehouse with Jessica and Mary, it’s him.”
Dean raised an eyebrow at him and got a grin that was mostly a leer in return.
Dean shuffled back over to collapse back onto the couch once more and didn’t move for the longest time, just lay there staring at the ceiling, regretting not telling Cas to take the ring in its box from the drawer upstairs with him.
“Dean… His name is Castiel Novak, and he’s one of the most imperative members of the Novak family; allegedly their hitman and a very dangerous individual.”
“I love you,” Dean told him, and Sam even managed a tight smile, eyes softening for a moment.
Their coverts team had been and gone, had combed through the house looking for bugs or any sort of sign that Cas had been gathering intel or information on Dean, as well as searching for any of his weapons or tools, any proof that he’d actually committed murders. They found nothing, and Bela, the team leader, gave Dean’s hand a long squeeze before she left, which he couldn’t rouse himself to even acknowledge.
“If that’s what you think, then why are you here? Just to rub my nose in it? Just to break my heart even worse?”
“I just want them back! I just need my baby back… and Jessica, God… if anything happens…” Sam started to shake all over, and reached up to clutch at Dean, who rubbed at his back with both hands.
“So come back! Come home!” Dean doesn’t get why that seemed so impossible to Cas.
“I missed you already,” Cas mumbled into his shoulder blade, brushing his cheek over Dean’s wet skin.
“You’ve been lying to me for three years!”
When Cas eventually pulled away, he said nothing, just cast one last, sad look at Dean before he slipped through the door.
Most of the warehouse’s inhabitants were grouped around a table, it turned out, drinking and playing cards even though it was still early in the day. As he slunk behind a metal pillar, Dean spotted Azazel, one of the kingpins, swigging on whiskey as his daughter Meg tapped away her phone next to him, her typical smirk fixed in place.
But it is hilarious to make the Novak's sweat and think they’ve lost him, which Dean does whenever he can. He takes every backward route to and from work in the Impala that he can think of, and almost always shakes them. He throws them during his evening jogs too, ducking down alleyways and taking paths through parks that are inaccessible for a vehicle. Dean’s obviously always going to go home, it’s just funny to see whichever car they’re using come careening around the corner in a panic as he drags himself, chuckling, through his front door.
Jody’s voice was quiet in Dean's ear as she reported that her team were in position outside, covering the rear exits, and Charlie’s were on guard at the front. Dean shot a glance over his shoulder to check his own team, who were all ready and waiting, fanning out behind him. Under her SWAT helmet, he could see Jo was grinning.
, so Dean cracked an eye open to scowl up at him. Cas’ body was glowing almost silver in the moonlight, his hair an inky blue. He was staring down at Dean with an insurmountable sadness in his eyes.
“You’re FBI?”
Sam kept tapping at the water bottle he’d shoved into Dean’s hand to try and make him drink, but Dean kept forgetting he was even holding it. Charlie tried to coax him into sipping a cup of the rank smelling ‘calming’ herbal tea she’d made him, and Jody had waved a meatball sub under his nose, but he barely paid them any attention.
“He wants several things, some of which he will receive, and some of which he will not.”
“Just saying… I don’t think the sort of life that you’ve lived is one that you can just choose to walk away from.”
The man sidled further into the room, and Dean notices the teddy-bear in his hands.
“God damn it, baby,” Dean groaned, rubbing at his eyes, and not knowing what to say. “Radio silence, an engagement ring, finding out you’re a barefaced liar and I was on your fucking hitlist… now this?”
Nothing would ever wipe the resulting memory away; Cas had been so beautiful, the way he’d writhed in Dean’s arms. His spiky hair, which had grown longer since then, had stood out ink-black against the white pillow. His pale skin had gone pink and flush with pleasure as his cries of delight had filled Dean’s ears. When he came, his hands had clenched on Dean’s shoulders, fingernails marking crescents into his skin, his face the picture of pleasure as Dean had stroked him in time with his own helpless thrusts.
Dean grunts a little, as Zachariah places the little bear beside the bed, then ruffles his hair. Sam still looks unhappy, and his bitch-face is turned up to maximum.
“Well, I’m not. I’m not fucking OK, angel, Jesus Christ, how could I be?!” Dean told him blandly and Cas gasped a little down the phone as if that caused him pain.
“Dean?” Sam was still so desperate for answers.
it. It died. I had nothing to do with it-”
Dean stirred awake when the warm body that had been pressed against his shifted away, and Cas began to climb from the bed.
Dean took it, let the long fingers wrap around his once more, stroked his thumb over Cas’ knuckles.
“Junior Junior?” Jessica asked.
Cas had known Dean’s real name all along; he knew all about Sammy’s family too – Jessica and baby Mary; he knew about his career history even before the FBI; he knew about every single mission Dean had taken since he’d first become an agent. The file was updated frequently by both handwritten notes and newly typed pages.
“Hi, little one. I’m your Uncle Dean,” he told her, though she simply continued to stare at him. When Dean stood with Mary cradled to his chest, Cas helped Jessica to stand.
“We will,” Dean insisted, as they moved through the main room and down a cleared corridor. He was being reminded so forcibly of when he’d recovered Cas in the Masters’ warehouse all those months ago, and it wasn’t a happy memory.
“An old friend,” is the clear lie in response, before Cas smiles tightly at Dean and turns back towards the kitchen.
No. Dean can’t say that one out loud, but the heaviness settles in his chest.
reason…” Cas’ voice trailed off from its harsh whisper down to nothing.
Dean, because he’s weak, climbs onto the bed next to Cas as he wolfs down the food without complaint. Five minutes later he’s asleep against Dean’s chest, the plate abadoned on the nightstand.
“Yeah, ‘cos it’s your fucking fault!” Dean howled, and it was Sam’s turn to grip his shoulders to try to comfort him.
“Yeah, you’re just dying to be believed.”
“An enemy. A dangerous one.”
“Just say it,” he snapped, when Cas finally looked at him through the glass of the shower wall, sin personified, all glorious naked skin and wet hair, water streaming down the cut of his hips...
Cas’ eyes flicked from Dean’s SWAT gear, over to his gun and then up to his earpiece.
Cas’ chest was heaving, and his cock was starting to stiffen under Dean’s gaze. When he didn’t respond to the question, Dean ran a hand over the thickening length to make him pant, loving the way it hardened under his touch.
When he opens his eyes again, someone is kneeling over him, and he sees a pair of anxious gold eyes that seem familiar. As he gazes up at them, he realises a disembodied voice is yelling.
Cas was at the bottom of the stairs, pulling on his trench coat when Dean caught him and shoved the balled-up hiking socks into his hands.
Groaning again, Cas rocked back against him, hips rolling as if on autopilot. Then he abandoned his wooden spoon and turned in Dean’s arms to kiss him fiercely, coaxing Dean’s mouth open with his tongue.
“Jessica? Jessica!”
“I know. I just. I need… You.”
Chuck was already blabbering away, oblivious, leaning around Dean to assure Cas that he was safe now and that the medics were on their way. Dean ignored Chuck entirely, let his eyes find Sam’s, let his brother see the horror that he was feeling even though he didn’t expect Sam to understand why.
God how could he have missed this?
Cas settled back against his seat with a huff, but he reached for Dean’s hand and tangled their fingers together, and Dean finally felt like he was home at last.
“What does he want in exchange?” Henriksen demanded, pacing about with his hands on his hips. Jody sat down on Sam’s other side and Charlie lingered behind them, her face fraught with worry.
They only parted when they were out of breath. Cas pressed his forehead to Dean’s, his chest heaving. It took Dean a few moments to realise Cas was crying.
“Right here, huh?” Dean mumbled back, letting himself slide in, little bit by little bit. “Right here like this?”
“Dean,” Cas sighed in that freaking
“Gonna get them back,” he murmured to his little brother, for what felt like the hundredth time. Sam didn’t respond, his face tight with worry and his eyes unfocused, fixed on the road ahead without seeing it.
Oh, and he had an engagement ring on his finger. Cas hadn’t
I'm so sorry this chapter has taken so long. A lot has been going on this year, but I never expected to let it go this long without an update!
So that is how Sam ended up driving with two toddlers in the back. Dean was so used to driving in the Impala after a lifetime of it and Castiel was fine with it. When he had driven in the witches car Castiel had not liked it, gripping Dean's hand in one hand, his grip turning Dean's fingers white but the five year old put up with it with quiet stoicism doing nothing but humming every now and then.
- - - - -
“Like how it tastes, yes, I get it, but I thought you liked baked goods better?” Sam asked, he seemed more into the couch, Gabriel cuddling into his side.
“So the ritual is a physical thing, and so affected by the demon blood?” He asked and when Gabriel nodded he went further, “so my heart isn't physical?” He asked wondering if Gabriel was trying to make him feel better but not being totally honest. It was kind of the default mode for the trickster.
“So, this is how we’re going to do it?” Gabriel chuckled and Dean rolled his eyes a bit. He had never thought about marriage, didn’t think it was something that he could have had but now it had been brought up he wanted it. He and Castiel were already pretty much married except platonically but now that he had confessed his feelings, they were basically married without being married.
“Cas? When are you going to move?” He asked and Castiel looked at him confused, tilting his head in that cute way of his that Dean always loved. It made him think of a kitten.
“Cas, we have to go back.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We bare your brand as well.” Gabriel stated so simply that Sam gasped looking at him confused and he raised an eyebrow. “You can't see?” He asked and rolled his golden eyes, “of course! You can't see grace like normal and are still new to seeing my wings. Okie watch sweet cheeks~” he cooed and spread his three pairs of golden wings.
- - - - -
“Thanks Cas.” Dean smiled his smirk that Castiel loved so much and slowly set Dean down being careful and smiled his gummy smile to him.
So instead he went on a sabbatical thinking about a lot. About eons of things that happened that he never really realized how much pent up emotions he had about his entire family and about the bookworm hunter who was the only human that was stuck in his head forever. Maybe it was the soft way he spoke, yet it was so strong, as he begged him to talk. It called to him so much that Gabriel even looked into his soul past his body and found a familiar puzzle piece, the jagged ends would fit just right with his own grace.
“Dean?” Castiel called going to the exercise room where he saw Dean was, as he had heard from the knowledge of the souls ‘pumping iron’. Dean stopped looking over to Castiel and getting up, he is covered in a fine sheen of sweat.
“I don't know man, do you think they are in danger?” Sam asked flipping through other things that maybe they could find a note to them from.
Eyes glowing, their grace thrumming so powerful it was even coming out of their mouths from the extreme emotions they were feeling and neither spirit knew what hit them. It wouldn't surprise either if they hadn't eviscerated the souls so much that it wouldn't surprise either if they no longer existed, even in any after life.
“They are. They are fine, just exhausted.” Gabriel shuddered at the thought of how Castiel had held Dean in his arms and glared at Gabriel. Then again if someone had done that to his moose, he would not be happy either.
If you be it, be within me.”
Another universe: Dean is a vampire; the Dean he had known would kill himself over being a vampire. Another Dean was too soft, happy, and gentle, Castiel wanted Dean to be happy but he was so unlike the Dean he knew it was like reading the mind of a stranger. He was happy for a Dean to be happy, but still…still he wanted his hunter. Another universe Dean was not human, not the way he had known them to be, but no one was ‘omegas and alphas’ as they called it, he almost did but then he saw the children that Dean had: a boy named Jack and a girl named Claire, with the alternative version of Castiel, and he was babysitting his nephew Hunter. That one was close to his Dean, not quiet but…he could not pull that family apart, even for so little, let the children (the pups) be okay. So, he left that Dean making his apple pie for his children and ‘mate’. The next universe he went to have no Dean, not really, Dean Smith was nothing like his Dean. No thank you. But…well, seeing Dean live such a normal life, it calmed something inside of him.
Dean always tried to not think of that, to not think how everyone would leave him. Sooner or later it would happen, hell no one ever seemed to really want to stay with him, they'd leave as soon as they got a chance. The only one who hadn't was Castiel, leaving only when he died, but Dean was under no such delusions and knew that it was only a matter of time before his angel abandoned him as well.
Dean groaned coming to, but as soon as he was pulled from sleep he immediately snapped his eyes opened. He had long since learned to immediately be alert when he awakened. If a monster were to make a noise to wake him up he has to be alert immediately so he doesn't get talons to his neck.
“That is enough Gabriel.” Castiel defended seeing how that was affecting his hunter. He knew that Dean had an independent streak a mile wide, he was sure that when it had happened Dean would have given into Michael if he wasn't so independent. He would never be happy being an angel's, much less Castiel's. Which was part of why the angel never mentioned anything more. “They have the right...ability to not be part of the bond.”
“It's hot Samshine! Plus our breakfast was far too healthy,” Sam didn't even try to hold back his eye roll at that. This guy was even worse then his brother but couldn't help but smile as he ordered butterscotch ice cream, a local favorite if the sign was to be believed, Sam decided on a raspberry and chocolate flavor.
“Uh...why not you get an extra big piece and we can share?” He asked and Gabriel's eyes widened and sparkled like Sam had offered him the world.
“Yep. I should have known better to follow a pretty girl to her home and accept food and drink.” He shook his head frowning as he thought back to it. “But what is it they want us to know?!” He groaned before freezing up and looking to Castiel.
“Come on up with me De,” Castiel reached down taking the pillow Dean handed him, putting it on the bed while Dean crawled up the bed, settling down as his best friend pulled the blanket over both of them.
Of course sometimes he would lay down and pretend to sleep, slipping into a deep meditation but he didn't always want to do that. Now of course with Sam who did need to sleep he would hold him either matching his mate's breathing and just bask in Sam's very essence surrounding him, blanketing him letting him know that his Sam was there and his, or he would just spend the entire night stroking Sam's face, hair, shoulders, wherever he could reach with both his honey gold eyes and his hand. Mapping his mate out with his eyes and hands and very grace over and over until he becomes almost blind to everything else.
On the bed across from them Sam was laying down with Gabriel laying his head on his chest while Sam played absentmindedly with his hair. Normally when on a hunt Sam insisted that he get a separate bedroom, and Dean whole heartily agreed, but considering they were just sleeping and doing nothing neither couple would do anything. Though they all absolutely love each other, they could go forever without seeing that.
What in Heaven's name was going on?
“Yes, he had both my grace and the purgatory souls.” Castiel explained, “he is me when I went on my ‘god trip’ but it seems he had the ability to control them.” Castiel shook his head, this only proved to him that Dean was right from the start, and it was because Castiel didn’t listen to him that it all happened. Castiel wasn’t a fool, his hubris caused all of that: becoming a worst danger than he was trying to take care of, the Leviathans, dying and forcing Dean to see his body, all of it, Dean had more than proved himself and Castiel should have listened to his counsel.
“Taste so good, make a grown man cry.” Gabriel sang back before the two reached over to high five. Sam was chuckling a bit while Castiel, while he didn't get the reference or the song the only thing he really understanding that Dean was singing and he had so rarely heard his mate sing and he loved it.
“Order up,” they stopped as the waitress came, she put down their meals, Dean had ordered a country fried chicken with dumplings, carrots, and peas and Scar Castiel had ordered a plate of spaghetti and meatballs since they didn’t have peanut butter and jelly sandwiches on offer, they also got another round for the two of them.
“Or cherry, if you prefer,” Castiel hurried thinking that cherry must be Dean’s favorite today. “I gathered both so you could choose,” he then allowed a slow smirk to take over his face, “or both if you’d like.” It was an old wives’ tale that the way to a man’s heart was his stomach, though food would not win Dean’s, but pie would help. “Both it is,” Castiel mused getting up and going to gather the palm sized pies, he was able to easily juggle the trio of pies, setting one of each in front of Dean while setting an apple pie in front of himself, Dean always smelled slightly of cinnamon as it was part of his essence.
According to Gabriel it was a natural thing, that as the bond gets stronger and stronger there would be a natural protectiveness that would come with it to. A possessiveness as well that both mates would feel which explained whenever Dean saw anyone get near Castiel he wanted to stop it.
Dean was looking at him with a shocked face, wide surprised eyes and a blush rushing up to his face making his light freckles stand out even more. “Get off me!” He started struggling and Castiel hummed and leaned down to touch his forehead to Dean’s.
Dean hummed at the feel of the silky feel of his Castiel's feathers. He didn't think as their kiss got more heated and he used Castiel's blue tie to hold him close, wrapping the tie around his hand so that he can keep Castiel there, not like his angel had any plans to slip away.
Sam, somehow, held back his groan as Dean could seemingly never take the time to do something for himself. He was always helping others.
“Talk about what?” He asked and Sam looked away as he admitted it.
They thought nothing of it and turned down the offering of them staying overnight for their guest room thanking them and slipping away.
“You love your universe’s version of Dean, not me. What was he anyway? Why would you think that this is okay?” Castiel frowned hearing that and looked down, thinking for a moment and if Dean didn’t know any better, he would think that the scarred angel looked guilty.
Three hours after he left he was driving back to his home. When he got home with some bags and a cardboard box with holes in it and bedding. “Honey I'm home,” he called and smiled as he heard the flapping of wings and there he was. Castiel.
Sam saw the same thing looking at Gabriel, but was much quieter.
Still he just couldn't see the golden brown eye man sitting somewhere reading a book. “Hey Sammy! I can read!”
- - - - -
“Sammy?” Dean asked and that had Castiel reacting, hurrying to pull Dean into his arms.
He punished him for getting so angry at Sam.
I hope you guys enjoyed this and got a better look at parent destiel and sabriel; Dean is papa, Castiel is dad, Gabriel is father and Sam is daddy in case any of you have forgotten how they refer to any of them. It is more the past as well but I wanted to see some more of domestic desitel and sabriel and how the kids they adopted view it all.
“You have nothing to worry about, my love, you’ll be happy. I’m going to make you happy; I can make this world whatever you want it to be.” He cooed to Dean, moving first the hand that had been stroking his cheek and never moving more than a few scant inches from his face back to cup his face and the other went to cup the other one. The look in his eyes…the look in those blue eyes…
“Yeah but not as crazy.”
“I will not undress him while he is unconscious.” Castiel stated looking at the archangel confused that he could ever even suggest that and somehow the older angel managed to not roll his eyes.
It was not something that he had ever thought he would go on. He never thought he would get married-something he was very glad to be wrong about, he never knew how happy he would be to call Castiel his husband. But a honeymoon?
So Dean had taken it home and asked Bobby to buy the ingredients. He made it. By himself, Bobby was useless at baking but hadn't have a reason to stop it. It wasn't that good compared to what he would learn later on and get better only by trial and error.
“I do not know...”
“It feels like we've been together for longer.” He explained and Dean blew out a harsh breath.
“Fine, it just surprised me to see Castiel's mark on you. Physically anyway.” Gabriel saw that the two humans were looking confused so continued on.  “His mark on you is on your soul, we angels can sense it, but I didn't realize it was on your body.” He explained and Dean reached up to touch the scar, he had never thought much about scars. He was always covered in them, of course when Castiel had pulled him from hell he had worked his way out of his coffin having now only the scar of Castiel's hand print.
“My eyes are pretty?” Castiel asked and Sam was glad he was looking as he would miss the shy blush. That was...that was just adorable.
“Je-Jessica.”
“I’ll get out, get back to Sammy and the real Cas, and we’ll kick your sorry ass back to the dimension you crawled out of.
“There are plenty of pie flavors, sweet and savory-though Dean eats almost only sweet. But still there are over a hundred different pie flavors. You'll find one you like; and Dean will eat whatever ones you don't.” Sam smirked as Dean's eyes widened and he didn't need his psychic powers to know that Dean was thinking if it would be the same thing that happened here.
“He…uh…he…” now this worried Sam, what could possibly be happening that would leave his jabber jaws brother speechless? The elder Winchester took a deep breath before finishing; “he…he said that we-I mean him and his universe’s version of me were-if we believe him-in love.”
“So what are their names?” Dean asked driving down while Castiel reverently held the box holding the girls cooing to them pushing one finger into one of the air holes so they can brush against them to hopefully calm them.
“We can make a pie.” He said and Dean blinked confused and chuckled.
Despite himself Dean started to laugh. Of course no monster could come in here, Castiel and Gabriel had warded every plank, brick, board and nail in this house. None that meant harm could enter here, but the fear of something going after his kids smacked too much of fear.
Castiel knew that Dean had to be somewhere, and when he finally sensed him, he was at a grocery store. He was afraid what that would mean, it was easily possible that Dean was doing something horrible, he remembered how Dean was when he became a demon before. They had been able to save him from the Mark of Cain, but he worried if this time he could. Could he trust to tell Sam what had happened?
Castiel smiled moving over to open the door for Dean who was carrying an exhausted Violet to bed. She had gone through a hard few days as everything was put on the up and up and the fine details were ironed out. She had taken her bath, which Dean was grateful she was old enough to do by herself, He had braided her red into pigtails so that it wouldn't get tangled-a thing he remembered a little kid telling him once in a hunt of some kind-and in her new pink kitten themed pajamas.
“Our nest.” Castiel smiled, “it is the job of the upper angel to make a nest to show their devotion.” Castiel then frowned and looked away, “though you may not ever want me like I want you, we angels, despite the many who have lost their way.”
But that didn’t matter. He had a mission to do, he would not be distracted. The one thing that was whispering in the back of his mind of if this universe could have him and Gabriel together, could that Castiel be a good man? It was his fault that his Gabriel was dead.
“Fine, want me to do it?” He asked and just like he planned Castiel glared at him before turning and carefully taking off Dean's jacket and jeans before tucking him in to.
Dean was running at full blast through the forest, the green trees were whizzing past him, Dean was used to running, he had to run all the time and though he didn’t like it, his fast running kept him alive. His legs were bowed and when compared to his little brother’s relatively short, but still that didn’t matter because he was one of the fastest hunters around. Everyone in the know had heard of the Winchester Brothers at this point and they lived up to their name.
Kristabella and Rosalie
He paused then…Gabriel. He could go into the Empty to get Gabriel.
“I know Sam, but as long as she gets to be around people every day she'll be fine.” Dean assured and Gabriel shrugged but looked thoughtful, “what?”
“What the hell?! Why didn't you ever tell me?!” Sam yelled out and Gabriel frowned at the sudden anger outpouring from the tall man and Castiel frowned as Dean flinched and glared at Sam when Dean looked up at him growling himself.
“He likes you,” Gabriel hummed as Sam pet the dog laughing as it liked at his face and sniffed his hair, seeming to enjoy the coconut scented shampoo he used.
