It doesn’t take too long after that to Cas to finally fuck Dean. His thrusts aren’t as gentle as always, but they aren’t painful. Dean can feel Castiel’s fingers pressing on his skin, something that will leave some marks on his skin. Both of them need to forget about their crap and this is the way.
“It won’t work. I installed one of my programs that disable chips like that,” Charlie says grinning.
“Yes. On Sunday. You can go to the set and wait for me if you want to. We’re filming at Queen Elizabeth’s park.”
“I guess we should research the lore about different vampires,” Castiel says, sighing. “I can’t recall seeing this type of bite before.”
It’s quite cold in his apartment and much colder in the streets and Dean’s naked skin gets goosebumps. He quickly goes to the bathroom and starts the shower, thankful for the hot water drenching his skin. There’s nothing like a hot shower on a cold day.
Dean grabbed everything he needed for the tea; a cup, the tea and a kettle, which he filled with water and put it on the stove. Then he moved to his right and he started to cut something that Castiel couldn’t see, given that Dean was showing his back to him, covering what he was cutting. When he turned around, Dean was handing him a plate with a slice of apple pie and a fork.
Dean pulls away to breathe and he looks at Castiel’s eyes, letting himself drown in that sea. He isn’t sure when that sea drown him for the first time, but he knows that he let himself to be drowned. The thought finds him smiling and Cas mirrors it.
“You guys were in a middle of a date and I interrupted?” Charlie asks with regret as she walks towards the kitchen, making a guilty face.
Cas is fucking trembling. Dean kisses him sweetly and slowly, pushing his tongue to lick Cas’ lips. He feels Cas clenching around him and Dean gasps. His other hand is on one of Cas’ hips. He strokes that soft skin in a gentle way as he gets another finger inside Castiel. The moan Castiel makes is better than the ones before.
“Yes Dean, I am.” He says and Dean can almost hear Castiel’s smile. Dean’s grin gets wider. Cas is definitely coming for Christmas. “I’m in Pontiac, Illinois, once I wake up, I’ll drive to the bunker.”
Dean holds him tightly. His hands caress Castiel’s back soothingly and sweetly. He is really worried about Cas; he seems to be about to fall apart and break into million pieces. Dean kisses the top of his head and he rests his cheek on that spot.
The boy shrugged. “People barely come through these woods. And it’s easy to get lost in here if you don’t know it.”
Balthazar moves his arm towards Castiel so he can squeeze his arm to give him encouragement. Castiel forces a weak smile and nods before his friend leaves. He knows he has to cheer up, but it is so hard; the pain, the self-hatred and the regret don’t let him cheer up. And the worst of all it is knowing that Dean must be feeling even worse than him. All because of his fault.
“Well, I’m gonna go back to my room and sleep,” Sam comments, standing up. “Do you guys need anything else?”
Castiel takes a deep breath and he kisses Dean’s chest. “I had something different in mind for tonight, but—” He inhales sharply. “I wasn’t in the mood after talking with my sister.”
Dean grabs the notebook and stands up as well. He gets the pen from his pocket and waits for Cas to be done with the symbol. When that happens, Dean hands him both the notebook and the pen.
“You just drop them casually and you catch me off guard. But I like them.” He used to be a bit uncomfortable when Castiel praised him, but now he even likes it, because he knows that Castiel truly means what he says and there’s love and honesty in his praises. “And you love making me blush and I love that smile you always do when you manage to do so,” he adds with a mischievous grin and Castiel smiles. “So that’s worth it.”
Both of them parted their mouths, gasping and groaning as Dean slid into Castiel, overwhelmed by the feeling. Castiel loved how full he felt and how thick Dean felt. When Dean was fully settled inside him, Castiel let out a breath. Dean rested his forehead against Castiel’s, breathing into each other, feeling how Castiel adjusted around Dean. They gazed at each other; their irises were a tiny ring around the dilated pupil, but their eyes were saying too many things. They always did.
Suddenly, Castiel starts to fuck Dean slowly, avoiding his prostate and Dean groans in disappointment. Castiel pulls the ropes, and Dean can feel it pressing it on his back and arms, the rough rope burning his skin. Castiel starts to kiss his neck and he keeps rocking his hips, pushing his cock in and out of Dean slowly, being very careful not to touch that sweet spot.
Dean exhales sharply, feeling his shaky breath. He looks up, trying to hold his tears. “Since she died, you stopped being our father! You were more like some commander! Look at yourself! Look at the things you have done to us! Look at all the things you’ve done to me!” He yells frustrated. He has still too many things locked inside him and he is letting them out right now. “What kind of father are you? And you still wonder why Sam and me try to avoid you?!” He lets out a sour chuckle. “Leave us alone. We made our life and not thanks to you. You never cared, so stop pretending that you do.”
Dean nods absently and draws his eyes away from Castiel’s. “I’m not that man, Cas. And you know it.”
“It'll hold,” Dean says, incredulous that his plan worked. “My mind, my rules. I got him. I'm the cage.”
Both are already naked. Cas is laying his back on the mattress, holding Dean where the handprints used to be, while Dean is above Cas, leaning his hands in the mattress, really close to Castiel’s shoulders. They are looking at each other in their broken way, with their eyes dark and filled with desire.
He is sitting on the bed, with his legs stretched on the mattress and his back leaning on the headboard. He is reading a book by Vonnegut. A calm dream like this one is what Dean was needing for a lot of days, even for a lot of weeks.
“And you are the one who tells me I have weird habits,” Castiel says as he goes out to the balcony. He knows how much Dean likes reading there.
When Castiel comes, he collapses onto Dean, burying his face in Dean’s neck. He mumbles something that Dean can’t understand, but he knows it must have been some praise. Dean smiles and kisses Cas’ head. They are skin to skin, feeling their sweat, Dean’s come, their shaky breathings and Dean feels fucking great.
“Dean?” Castiel says from the door. Dean looks at him; his hair is a mess, but Cas always looks handsome with bed hair. He is wearing his robe, too, and he is looking at Dean with that soft and worried look of his. “You had a nightmare, didn’t you?” he asks as he approaches him, sitting next to him and holding him tightly.
Dean’s nipple is the next thing that Castiel’s mouth pays attention to. He kisses it first, and then, his tongue swirls on it. With one of his hands, he pinches the other one. Dean smirks as he bites his lower lip, closing his eyes and moaning, his grip on Castiel’s hair tightening. Cas knows that Dean has really sensitive nipples and he uses that knowledge to make really awesome things. He even nibbles it and Dean moans louder, arching his back and rocking his hips.
Dean blushes at that. Damn Charlie, why did she have to say that? Castiel is blushing too and his eyes are wide opened. He looks at Dean again, but Dean just makes a nervous grimace and shrugs, unable to do or say anything, hoping that he looks casual. “It’s nice to meet you too Charlie.” He says as sweet and nice as possible, which makes Charlie to dedicate him a warm smile.
Suddenly, someone punched Dean’s temple and Dean fell onto the floor. The punch was followed by several kicks to Dean’s stomach and Dean could see his aggressor. It was John.
“Can you hold me tonight?” Dean asks. He sounds so broken, so small and he hates it. Lately, he’s always like that with Cas, he hates it. He doesn’t want to screw things up and he is definitely doing it. Cas is going to get tired of this sappy side of Dean.
Next to him, Castiel is quiet, looking at the moving landscape of Vermont, with its forests painted in different shades of red, orange and yellow. It almost looks like he is completely absorbed by the view, but his fingers drum on his thigh whenever the chorus of the Led Zeppelin songs they are listening to come by.
Dean looks at him with curious eyes as if he wasn’t expecting Castiel’s help. Dean smiles in that honest way of his before he says, “You peel and I cut.”
Yes, he did it. The pet name simply slipped out of his lips. “Yeah, I did,” he answers. “Not a word,” he says with a warning glare and Castiel presses his lips into a thin line, suppressing a grin. “Less talk and more fuck.”
Naomi walks the distance that separates them, only leaving a few inches in between them. She gives him her brand own sharp and pissed off look. “Listen to me very closely; that mister Winchester is a problem. Whenever you spend your time with him, you’re less focused on your job and your punctuality is less than satisfactory. Not to mention that when you came back to New York you were disgustingly pining over him and you were unfocused, and almost about to get a stupid depression.” She narrows her eyes, in an intimidating way. Castiel is about to snap her, but she keeps talking, “I don’t have any idea what your game with mister Winchester is, but it isn’t going to end up well for us.”
The lift stops and its doors open again. Dean walks to the left, followed by Castiel. When he is in his apartment’s door, he gets his keys and opens the door, stepping away so Castiel can be the first one to get into it. Dean gets in after him and switches on the lights.
“This is what you call a lesson? Tying up Sam and beating me?” It earned Dean a punch on his nose. Blood started to fall down his nose immediately and Dean knew that if his father wasn’t holding him against the wall, he would have fallen onto the floor.
Cas frowns. “Yes. That is the number of degrees needed to do a car spin, as you say. If I had done a three hundred sixty car spin, I would have found myself on the same spot that I was.”
“Bullshit,” Dean says, making Castiel look at him. “If anything, you’re the one who deserves better than a fucked up hunter.”
“Why?” He can’t let Cas to get away from his life again. Dean can’t live with that. He doesn’t want another fifteen years without him. “Why can’t we start again?”
“Don’t bullshit me, Cas!” he yells frustrated and irritated. They are looking at each other’s eyes. Both of them are really annoyed and pissed off, Dean more than Cas. “What the hell did I do?”
In the bunker, Sam manages to bring back Eileen, and after Eileen goes to sleep, Sam comes to the war room, where Dean is at, drinking. Sam is still hopeful about beating God, and he tells Dean that he needs his brother to defeat God. Dean just looks away and drinks.
They sit on the kitchen table and they start to eat the delicious meal Dean has made. As they have dinner, they talk about whatever they want to. They always have topics to talk about, from the meaningless to the most important ones. Castiel thought he would never have something like this, but here they are, living happily together. They have been living together for almost four months and they couldn’t be happier.
Castiel lets out an ironic and painful laugh. “But you were damn okay with breaking it anyways, right?! You just didn’t want to see it!”
Castiel opens his glassy and burning eyes and he looks at Gabriel. His big brother is right; he hasn’t recovered completely. “That’s why Dean and I have this,” Castiel keeps saying. He shies away from those golden eyes, because he feels small and delicate when Gabriel looks at him with those hurt and pitiful eyes. “I tried to live without him and it was a hell, you know that. I tried to forget him, to kick him out of my life and it was useless.” He takes a deep breath and feels how his heart aches more and more with every word he says. “And now Dean and I are friends, and I haven’t felt this happy for years.” He meets his brother’s eyes to show him that he is being honest, that everything he is saying is true. “All I want in my life is to be happy. I’m tired of being sad and angry. I just—” He takes a deep breath and rubs his eyes. “I just want to be happy again.”
Dean sighs. He feels his eyes getting glassy. He would give anything just to stop time, but he can’t. He looks at Cas, who is showing his back to him. He is so close to him but at the same time he feels he is so far. He hates this situation, he hates that everything has to be so damn complicated. And he hates himself for not taking a decision.
Dean blushes and huffs. “You sap.” Then, he looks at Cas, who also seems to be as happy as Dean. He walks towards the former angel and he presses a lingering kiss on his cheek. “It’s good to see you happy, too.”
After saying a few things, they both got up from their bed. Castiel stretched himself, taking a better look of the place. There were photos of the two of them in their wedding day. They looked really happy. He knew it wasn’t real, but it made his heart ache with longing. In real life they were never going to be that happy. Their lives didn’t allow such thing. Even if the world seemed to be quieter than usually, happiness wasn’t that easy to find. Their lives were a tragedy.
Dean simply stares at him, shocked about how natural this seems to Cas. Dean is sure that only couples do this kind of stuff. But then again, this is Cas; he doesn’t know about personal space nor he does understand some of the unspoken cultural rules humans have created over the years.
“He’s probably torturing that man upstairs,” Dean begins to say. “I’m gonna go after him while you take a look at the basement, heal whoever’s locked there, and then you come upstairs and find me, alright?”
Dean always suspected that if he ever met God, he was going to be pissed, but he never expected to feel as disappointed and hurt as he feels right now.
“And I love you, Dean.” He kissed him again, cupping his face with both hands as Dean got his on the small of his back, pulling him closer. When their lips parted from each other, they sighed. “I will see you in two nights, okay?”
“You too.” He hangs the phone and he walks back to the desk. As he approaches it, he sees and hears Charlie talking to someone, and the moment he recognizes that voice and that face from the person in front of her, Dean’s heart skips a beat. It’s Cas. “Cas,” he says, grinning.
“Don’t be sorry, after what Father did, that was the nicest death he could have,” Castiel said with some anger in his voice.
At the same time, Castiel felt relieved. For the first time in his life, he was the owner of his life. He wasn’t a puppet anymore, having to act and move like he was supposed to do. His strings had been cut off, and it felt marvelous and thrilling. He was now able to walk his own path. All his life he had been told how to talk, how to act, how to think, and he played the part he was supposed to play, hiding his true self from those who controlled his life, barely being who he truly was, only getting freedom when he was with Dean. But he still had to keep his façade for a little bit longer in order to change the laws he desperately needed to change.
A wave of shame runs through his body. “I wouldn’t be so sure about that, Cas,” Dean whispers into the dark. He feels Cas rolling onto his side next to him, aware of the seriousness in his voice. “I can be pretty cruel sometimes. You know that.”
“You wanted good quality pencils, so I got them for you. Well, stole them,” he says. Castiel smiles and looks down, hiding that pretty smile. There’s a small happy silence in between them before Dean speaks. “I thought that—” He starts to say, but he shuts up immediately.
Dean reaches the garage soon, parking his beloved Impala in the spot reserved for him. Lilly is waiting outside, smoking a cigarette. She has blue hair and is in her thirties. Dean likes her attitude. She’s charming and encouraging. She is also teasing with everyone who works there, but she also knows when she has to be serious.
“Sorry,” Dean apologizes. “I’m not used to people letting me talk during the job.” Clients usually want Dean to be quiet, except when it comes to moaning. They like to hear Dean moan and scream during sex. He isn’t sure if Cas allows him to talk or not.
“Are you trying to see how many shades of red my face can get?” Castiel says really embarrassed and flushing quickly. Soon, the blush arrives to his ears and Dean grins brightly, all gums and teeth.
Castiel knows that Dean is going to wake up, but this waiting is killing him. He wants Dean awake and fine. He knows that once he wakes up, he will still have a long way to go to get better; his wounds are severe and it will take him time until he is fully recovered and the wounds are fully healed.
Castiel needs to looks at those beautiful green eyes again, at that freckles face, trying to count every single one of the freckles that forms that huge galaxy, to see Dean smile, to hear him speak again, to look at him in that way that only Dean does. Maybe, if he is able to see him again, he will try to tell him what he really feels about him. He is scared of Dean’s reaction, but, he isn’t sure if he can hold back his feelings towards Dean anymore.
Before Cas can say anything about it, Dean sits on one of the chairs at the library, grabs his laptop and opens up his phone tracking program.
Cas rests on top of him, holding Dean tightly, caressing the left side of Dean’s chest slowly, with his head under Dean’s chin and the hunter holds him tightly, with his hands caressing soothingly Cas’ back. Both of them are exhausted, but they don’t want to fall asleep yet; it feels too good to cuddle together.
Dean rolls his eyes before he glare him. “Not yet, smartass, but it’s starting to get dark and cold, and I’d rather be warm. Not everything is about my stomach.”
After they finish their breakfast, Castiel begins to put on the rest of his clothes. He left them on the couch after picking up from the different places they were scattered and he left them carefully folded. Dean watches him getting dressed.
“It doesn’t make me uncomfortable, Cas,” Dean says. He is confused about why Cas thinks he might find it uncomfortable; he actually loves having Cas like this, but it’s not like he can admit that out loud.
“What if I fuck things up again?” he asks in a sob, thinking about this fight and the time he got the Mark and almost killed Cas.
“We don’t know for how long we’re gonna be trapped in this town, do you wanna go back to that motel and sleep in those awful mattresses?”
Castiel closed his eyes as he got deeper inside Dean, overwhelmed with the warmth and tightness of Dean. He had been in this position for several times, but it still felt as if he was going to be burnt from his core when he felt Dean around his cock. Everything felt so intense and sensitive, and the closeness and intimacy they both felt with it couldn’t be described with words. The only thing Castiel could say was Dean’s name.
The Empty smirks. “Maybe. But your little speech has showed me how much you want Castiel, and I am going to use that to hurt you.”
Dean starts the car and the two of them take one last look to the cabin before they set their eyes on the road.
He sits on the bed and grabs his stack of photos, hoping that staring at them will ground him, that they will make him feel more like himself. He is sad to realize that he has no photos of Cas yet. He needs to fix that and print some of the few photos he has taken of Cas over the years, the ones he keeps on his phone.
“Dean!” Castiel exclaimed alarmed, running towards his friend. He cupped his face and took a look at the bruise. Dean tried to get away from Cas’ grip, but Cas held him tightly. “What happened?”
They stand up and start walking towards the main door, but Dean is slightly limping. Castiel notices and he gets Dean’s arm around his shoulders, letting Dean use him as his crutch.
By the time they end up, they are carrying a lot of bags. Dean decides to find a place where they can deliver the rest of the stuff they bought for Sam and Charlie. They find one and they put all the stuff they bought for their family in a box. They will have it in a day or two.
Dean glares her. He knows what Charlie wants to know and Dean is almost one hundred percent sure that she kind of knows that something between him and Cas happened. Dean started to spend the nights at Cas’ apartment two weeks ago, but Charlie still doesn’t know about it. They haven’t seen each other too much during those weeks. Dean was a bit busy with exams and so did Charlie, so they didn’t even see each other in the cafeteria.
“Thanks.” He gives Cas a brief kiss before he takes a sip, enjoying the taste of the coffee. Then, he starts the waffle maker and starts cooking the bacon and the eggs while Cas peels some fruit. “You always have to eat fruit for breakfast?”
“Sam, we don't have a choice. Jack's about to blow!” Dean yells, feeling the same desperation Sam feels.
“Did you find something about why there was light coming from the grave when we destroyed the oak’s symbol?” Castiel asks.
“Like this?” Dean places his thumbs on his nipples and he starts to make soothing circles around them, as slowly as he can. He even pinches one of them and he bites his lower lip. It isn’t as pleasurable as if Cas was the one doing it, but Dean knows where and how he needs to be touched to feel pleasure.
Dean hums contently. The darkness in their bedroom hides his blush and his wide grin. “You are such a sap.”
With tears in his eyes, but with a soft smile on his lips, Cas takes a step forward. “I always wondered, ever since I took that burden, that curse, I wondered what— what it could be? What my true happiness could even look like.”
“Crap.” Dean says. He knows that Cas only gets on well with his sister. The rest of his family hates him for being gay. Cas barely talks or sees his family. Dean knows that Cas only sees Anna, but once in a while.
Castiel begins to walk away, so he can puts the cheap jeans on their bedroom, but Dean says, “Cas, would you mind driving me somewhere?”
Castiel just shakes his head and tries so hard not to laugh right now. Like Sam said, Dean suddenly trips over and his face goes directly into the mud. Now, Castiel can’t hold his laughter anymore because seeing it it’s more hilarious than imagining it, so Castiel laughs and laughs. Jess does the same, although not as loud as Castiel. Charlie and Sam chuckle in a really cocky way, and Dean just blushes and squeezes his lips, almost in a pout.
For the first time in a lot of weeks, Dean goes to bed alone, and he hates how cold and lonely it feels. The bed seems bigger and emptier than always, and it sucks. Dean rolls to the other side, showing his back to the empty space that belongs to Castiel. He has been trying to fall asleep but he can’t. Not only because everything feels colder than it should be, but also because in the back of his mind, there is a voice telling him that he fucked things up. Dean ignores it, keeping it as quieter as he can, but it doesn’t shut up.
“I had to run away, Dean,” Cas says with a pained voice. “I had to protect you from the leviathans.”
Dean complies and he turns over. He is now facing the mirror. He sees that Cas opens one drawer and he gets a condom and lube. He starts to finger Dean, opening him as he bites the tender skin of Dean’s neck, leaving some bruises. Dean closes his eyes and moans, fucking into Cas’ fingers and tilting his head to one side so Castiel can have a better access to his neck.
Even though she is still shocked, Naomi manages to get back to her fierce look. “Or what? What will you do, Castiel? You are nothing. You are only here because of me. Because I’m the one who got you all those roles. Thanks to me, you are someone. Without me, without all the acting, you are nothing.”
“You made me a pie?” The smile he makes is priceless and Dean loves it. It is pure happiness and joy. He smells the pie and he makes a satisfactory sound. “This smells wonderful.”
Castiel pulled his hand away, wiping it on the sheets. Dean immediately brought his legs around his waist and he pushed him down. Castiel settled in between Dean’s legs, aligning himself as he placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders. Dean rested his hands on his blades and they shared a sweet kiss before Castiel pushed inside him.
Dean takes a deep breath. The way Cas is looking at him means that there isn’t anything that Dean can say that will make Cas change his mind and come back home. Dean doesn’t even care to hide the hurt and disappointment in his face.
Dean can’t help smiling brightly and happily. His family is altogether in the bunker, and not because something terrible has happened, because they are going to celebrate Christmas. He feels so heartwarming and happy that he could cry of happiness. He has wished to have this for so long, that it is hard to believe that it is happening.
Dean stares at him for a moment before he bursts into laughter. Cas gives him that frown of his with his squinty look, wanting to ask him what is so funny, but Dean kisses him before he can ask anything. “I love you so damn much.”
He goes to the garage and gets in the Impala. He drives to Lebanon, towards a place he knows that is open this late, where he can buy a couple of bottles of whiskey and get himself drunk in his bedroom. He could just go to a bar, but he doesn’t want to risk getting into a fight or driving back home drunk. That wouldn’t be recommendable.
“You know,” Sam begins to say, leaning on the front seat to look at Dean. “I’m glad that you’re finally who you truly are and not trying to fulfill dad’s expectations.”
“Dean—” Castiel hisses, moaning. He rests his forehead on Dean’s and closes his eyes, trying to catch his breath and trying to keep the speed of his thrusts, but Dean tightens again and Castiel shudders and moans again. “Fuck, oh, fuck, Dean.”
It makes Dean wonder if dealing with the Mark would be easier if Cas was here and if he and Sam were on good terms. Now Dean is completely alone, and the feelings of desperation and misery only seem to fuel the rage of the Mark.
“Because I’m awesome,” she says stroking her long red hair in a proud way. “I’m master Yoda and you are my padawan.”
“I said I wanted closure for you. That’s what you deserved. For me? I don’t know what I want.” Dean starts to explain. Castiel seems to be about to say something, but Dean keeps talking. “I’m just giving you my number just in case someday, you need something.”
Dean is relieved to find Cas in the bunker the two times he comes back home after a hunt. A part of him wants to believe that Cas will definitely stay this time, but a big part of him is waiting for the other shoe to drop.
“My skin is tanner than yours,” Castiel explains, giving Dean an exasperated look. “And it isn’t as sensitive as yours.”
Cas’ thrusts are hard but sweet, full of desperation. Dean gets his hands on Cas’ back, moving them restlessly, not knowing where to rest them; he has the urge to touch everywhere, to feel Cas in every tiny inch of his body. They keep moaning each other’s names the whole time. There’s a moment when Cas finds his mouth and they kiss, and Cas cups his face and looks at Dean with devotion, and it is too much for the green eyed man, but he missed the way Cas looks at him, as if he was someone full of worth.
“I always leave you exhausted too. Don’t get that cocky.” Dean remarks with a glare in his eyes. Castiel kisses him with a smile. After the kiss Dean hums and then, he speaks. “You are hard.”
Dean can’t help laughing. He untangles from Cas, who grunts, and he starts to press kisses on his face, on his neck, on his ears, on his hair, encouraging him to wake up. “C’mon Cas,” he says in between kisses. “It’s time to wake up.”
“Well, if we’re being honest here… You should know that I fucking love it when you smile and when you laugh,” Dean admits. It is something he can’t say in the real world, because he doesn’t know how Cas would react and because the words never make it out pass his tongue. It is so hard to say the things he wants to say in the real world, but here in dreamland, they come out easily. Probably because he isn’t scared of losing Cas in this reality. “You look fucking beautiful when you smile and when you laugh.”
The burritos are soon gone, but they keep talking for a while. Their conversation ends this time because Dean has to go back to the bookstore and open it. He knows he has to do it, but he can’t help feeling a little bit sad, because he was having a really good time with Cas. That’s what Cas might feel whenever he has to leave because of his job.
And the worst part is that it isn’t a thought that it is only making his cock twitch, there’s something more, and he definitely doesn’t want to open that door. He is so screwed up.
“No, Cas, you aren’t,” Dean said as he placed his hand on Castiel’s back, stroking it sweetly and soothingly. “You’re so fucking good for them. I can’t believe you’re part of that family, to be honest.”
It isn’t raining today, but the temperature is still low, and they need to warm up the cabin. They need some wood for the chimney, but for that, the wood must be as dry as possible, but most of the trees as still damp from all the rain from yesterday.
Castiel chuckles and with his other hand, he grips the rope around Dean’s chest, lifting Dean a little, who opens his eyes. Castiel presses their foreheads together. The finger gets inside Dean easily and Dean lets out a humming sound, which makes Castiel to chuckle. He grips the rope harder, making Dean to feel it harder against his skin, burning it a little, and Castiel starts to kiss his neck as his finger keeps moving inside Dean.
“Yeah, but I was a douchebag. You were trying to protect me. To protect you and your brother and I was selfish, but at the same time I was hurt and I—” Castiel takes a deep breath and looks ashamed at Dean’s eyes, which show empathy. “It was a mess of feelings and I was really hurt and I overreacted and I thought that leaving was the best option, but I guess I made the same mistake you did.”
Dean uses his tongue too and increases his speed, matching Castiel’s hips rhythm. He tastes Cas’ length, enjoying the feeling of Cas’ dick in his mouth, feeling how it twitches. He knows that Cas is really close, so he swallows deeper and bobs his head faster. Every once in a while, Dean looks through his eyelashes at the faces Cas is making whenever he moans his name; it is a wonderful sight.
It is incredible to think how big Sam has gotten. He has a girlfriend and soon he’ll go to California to study law. And if everything goes well, Sam will marry Jess. He knows it is too soon, but by the way both of them were looking at each other, he knows that she is the right girl for Sam. His brother would be stupid if he ever loses that girl; she is perfect for him and so wonderful.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, whatever. But you were freaking intelligent,” he explains. “Why did you ever pay attention to me?”
“Oh,” Dean says arching his eyebrows. “Well, thanks,” he adds. Castiel simply nods and turns around, walking towards the bathroom. “You can’t stop worrying about me, don’t you?” Dean says from behind.
When they finish, Cas gets into Dean’s personal space, pressing the small of his back against the counter. One of his hands is on Dean’s hip, his thumb moving in circles, while the other hand cups Dean’s face. Dean leans into the touch and they spend some seconds looking at each other’s eyes before Cas leans closer and Dean removes the remaining space so their lips meet in a sweet and slow kiss.
“Sam!” Charlie yells, turning her face to her left. “Dean and Cas are on skype, move your butt here!”
Dean thanks the feel of Castiel’s warm skin under his palms as he traces down his back, and he is even more grateful for feeling Cas’ skin on the rest of his body. His hands soon arrive to his buttocks and he grips them tightly, making Castiel move his lips from Dean’s to let out a gasp.
Castiel studies him with that intense gaze of his, trying to know what is going on. “Aren’t you going to tell me anything about where we are going?”
Dean doesn’t know where the hell Cas is. He hasn’t talked with him since he walked away from that bridge, after kicking Gadreel out of Sam. They didn’t say a word to each other; they just looked at each other with sadness and pain. Dean wanted Cas to go with him, but he didn’t deserve it. He kicked Castiel out of the bunker without any explanation at all and Dean couldn’t be with him; he is poison and he would only hurt Castiel. Also, Sam needed Cas to take care of him while Dean was away.
“Fuck, Cas—” His voice comes out breathy and he feels his eyes getting glassy. “Holy fuck, I— shit—” He takes a deep breath. He wants to say so many different things, but he doesn’t know where he can start. “I— wow. I didn’t know it.”
“Not really. We need to get rid of Ion.” Castiel looks at both sides of the street. As they walk, they can hear Ion’s steps behind them. “I have a crazy idea.”
Cas takes Dean’s silence as an acceptance, so he presses his fingers on Dean’s forehead and heals him. Dean suppresses a moan at the familiar and comforting feeling of Cas’ grace running through his body. It is always brief and it always leaves Dean wanting more. The Mark of Cain, however, doesn’t like Cas’ grace and it throbs in his arm painfully, making Dean want to hiss, but he suppresses that too, not wanting to worry Cas.
“Fuck!” Dean wails. He repeatedly hits the wheel, hurting himself, but he doesn’t care; physical pain is always more bearable than emotional pain.
“You’ve been drawing?” Dean asks pointing at the sketchbook. There’s only a sketch of what it seems to be some eyes.
“Cas,” Dean says. Castiel hums and he tilts his head up to look at Dean. “This week you’ve been mad at me because of a kiss?”
They keep kissing for a while, stroking each other and cuddling. When their lips are swollen, they pull away and they look at each other. Cas smiles and nuzzles Dean’s nose before he kisses it. His hand moves from Dean’s hand to the feather that belonged to him. Dean knows that the ex-angel is more than happy to see that Dean is carrying it all the time, that he never takes it off.
Dean laughs. He moves his right hand and finds Castiel’s lacing their fingers together one more time. Both of them smile. “Awesome,” he murmurs as he drives away from the bookstore, going to the hotel. “Because I’m not letting you go.”
But Cas is still ashes spread on a beautiful meadow. And Dean is still a man grieving the love of his life.
“Do you miss it?” Dean asks with a soft voice. He looks at Cas’ intrigued face. “Being an angel?” It is a question that has been in the back of his mind for a while, but he has never let it out until now.
“Yeah. I’m fucking terrible.” He grins and puts the beaten whites with chive in the oven. In a couple of minutes he will get the tray and put the yolks on top of it. Meanwhile, he grabs some bread and puts it in the toaster. “So, do you have any plans for today?”
After Dean pulls his fingers out and wipes them off, Castiel brings his legs around Dean’s waist, pulling him closer. They look at each other as Dean gets his cock inside Cas, biting his lower lip as he feels that awesome tightness and warmth around him. When he is fully settled, both of them leave out a breath and stare at each other intensely, as if they wanted to say with their eyes more than both can let out with words. Dean cups Cas’ face and kisses him, not sure about what he is trying to mean with this kiss, but Cas reciprocates it in the same way, and it feels extraordinary. When they pull away, both of them are still looking at each other like that, and it is too much, but they keep their eyes locked together as they start moving together.
“I don’t know,” Dean answers, shrugging. He takes off his plaid shirt and puts it inside the wardrobe. “Our choices are limited.”
“C’mon, you kind of like it.” Balthazar says rising his eyebrows several times in a teasing way. Castiel simply glares him. “It’s been a long time since I saw you and we work in the same freaking hospital.”
Castiel kisses him and Dean kisses him back in a hard way, desperate and needy. He doesn’t deserve Cas’ gentle and sweet touches, he deserves something hard and painful. That’s what he deserves, that’s what life is always giving him, so he should just take it and accept it. It is what Dean deserves, for being too much crap, for not being a decent person.
Breakfast is served; coffee, pancakes, bacon, scrambled eggs and some fruit. And everything tastes delicious. Castiel doesn’t miss the happy and proud grin Dean makes every time Castiel lets out a small moan when he eats something. Dean cooks extraordinarily good.
“They never disappeared,” Dean admits without meeting the younger Winchester’s eyes. “But Cas’ feelings for me did,” he adds. Finally he meets Sam’s eyes, all filled with sadness and pain. “Can’t blame him; I left without a reason and he didn’t know about me for years. I broke his heart.” His voice breaks slightly with that last sentence. “At least we are friends. I mean, after everything, I’m surprised that he didn’t kick my ass and he offered to be friends instead. It’s more than I deserve.”
“Wow, you dare to call us scum when you’re the most disgusting person in this whole building?” Dean said with a pissed off and sassy voice.
“Then, you have to keep fighting for him, Cassie. It’s going to be hard, because you fucked it up, but if he truly loves you, you’ll still have a chance,” Balthazar says with a comforting smile.
Eventually, they find Sam and then, Crowley starts to “hack” the angel, so they can find some answers about who he is and how to save Sam.
“You earned it,” he says with a smirk. Then, he sighs again. “I love him a lot. More than anything. I just want him to be happy. I know I don’t deserve him, but— I wish we could be together again and made him smile and laugh and happy as I used to do a long time ago.” He makes a small pause and grimace. Charlie’s eyes get glassy. “Don’t say anything like it was cheesy, sappy or I’ll kill you.”
Dean smiles and kisses Cas tenderly and fondly. He can’t imagine how things would be if he didn’t have Cas in his life. “I’m a drama queen.”
Castiel grabs Dean’s hand and kisses his palm, making Dean gasp and blush. “I need to leave for a while, Dean.”
Even after they have eaten, they remain seated around the table, talking and laughing, enjoying each other’s company. Dean can’t help feeling so damn happy, because he never thought he would ever have a house like this, a house that he could call home, living with the man he loves and enjoying a nice evening with him, his brother and his future sister-in-law.
“’Cause after everything that you’ve done, you owe us, you son of a bitch,” Dean adds, letting his anger come out, because it is easier to handle than his pain. “So you get your ass down here and you make this right, right here and right now.”
“Fuck yeah.” He turns his face to dedicate him a big grin before pressing a kiss on his temple. Then, they look at the beautiful landscape for a few minutes, enjoying the silence and being pressed together. “We should grab our supper, don’t you think?”
The moment they are both completely naked, Dean gets his hands around both of their cocks and he starts to jerk them off at the same time.
Castiel takes off Dean’s t-shirt, pulling their mouths away as the t-shirt is being pulling off. The moment he has taken it off, Castiel sees a tattoo on Dean’s skin and he opens his eyes widely at it. A star circled by what it must be a sun. He looks at Dean’s face first, and by Dean’s expression, Castiel knows that it is a sun and a star; what Castiel called Dean. He got inked too. Castiel looks then at the tattoo and his hand touches the inked skin. Dean’s hand comes to hold Castiel’s hand, tangling their fingers together, squeezing it soothingly. Then, Dean leans over Castiel and they kiss again, pressing their naked chests together, almost feeling the beating of their hearts.
Once they finish their breakfast, they wash and they dry, and then Cas starts getting dressed in the living room, while Dean watches him.
Castiel hums a sweet noise. “Dean—” Castiel’s hand is on Dean’s shoulder while the other is on Dean’s hair. He rocks his hips on Dean’s lap, rubbing his half hard cock against Dean’s; it is surprisingly that after coming some minutes ago Cas is already half hard again. “Do you want to finger me?”
Once again, Castiel rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder, but this time, he also places his left hand on Dean’s chest, stroking it in a gentle but in an arousing way. “Are you sure you want to try that Dean?”
Castiel takes his time praising the sensitive skin, leaving several hickeys and soothing them with gentle kisses.
His grip around Dean becomes tighter and he begins to jerk off Dean, who groans and moans. He closes his eyes and rests his forehead onto Castiel as he thrusts into Castiel’s fist. Cas keeps moving his hand on Dean’s cock with quick movements, changing the angle a little, knowing exactly how Dean likes it.
“Alright, I’m ready,” Dean says, clapping and rubbing his hands in anticipation, but also as a way to stim.
His thrusts are sweet, slow and delicate but really arousing and passionate. They are making love and Castiel feels overwhelmed by it. He looks at Dean and with one of his hands, he cups his face so they can kiss until both of them have to moan and pull away.
Dean comes with a loud moan, and Castiel comes almost immediately. He keeps fucking Dean through their releases, until his hips give up and he collapses onto Dean, burying his face on Dean’s neck, breathing as hard as Dean. Both of them are exhausted, but they are still seeing stars behind their eyes. Dean drops his sore legs from Cas’ waist, stretching them as best as he can on the backseat, and he holds Cas’ tighter.
Cas doesn’t move until his breathing has calmed down. That’s when he pulls away from Dean and takes off the condom, knotting it. Dean indicates him that there’s a plastic bag in the glovebox and he can put it there, that he will toss it away when he is at home. Castiel does as he is told and he also grabs some tissues to clean the mess of Dean’s come on their bellies. He first cleans Dean, doing it with all his fondness. Then he cleans himself, and when they are both clean, Cas lies onto Dean again, resting his head on Dean’s shoulder and spreading his arm on his chest, his hand caressing Dean’s chest slowly but sweetly. Dean presses his chin on top of Cas’ head and he holds him, one of his thumbs making soothing circles on his hip while the other does it on his left shoulder.
“’m tired for that,” he mumbles against the pillow. He almost hears Cas rolling his eyes. “Freaking Wichita’s too fucking far.”
Dean smiles a feels how his cheeks blush. “Yeah, it does.” He knows what Cas means. They have sex, but it always feels as something deeper and more intimate. There is something about it that they can’t describe with words. “Why are we talking about this?” he asks, chuckling shyly.
“Well, I— I’m free during lunch time,” Dean says to Castiel as he scans the barcodes of the couple of books the customer has handed him. “But that won’t be ‘til two.” He looks at the wall where the clock is and sees that it is only 11:54 A.M. That clock is one of the most popular decorations in the store. It consists on a black stain where it looks as if butterflies came out of it. Dean really likes it.
Castiel looked at Dean with a concerned voice. Something in his voice and in his face wasn’t right. He wanted to ask, but Dean stood up from the chair and handed Castiel the letter. Castiel grabbed it and looked at the envelope. It was from Charlie, but the addressee was Dean. The envelope was open, and Castiel looked at Dean, who was standing next to him, resting the small of his back against the counter.
They arrive to the Ritz Hotel soon, sooner than Dean wanted to, but he can’t do anything about it. Cas looks sleepy and he looks really cute. He sits properly on the seat and stares as the hotel as Dean stops in front of it.
When Castiel pulled away, Dean turned to look at his brother, who had wide eyes and looked in between Castiel and Dean. “Sam, this is—”
Dean starts the engine and drives towards said park. It is one of his favorites. It was the first park he and Sam visited when they arrived to Vancouver. He can’t help smiling at the memory. It’s been a long time since they arrived to the city and since then, both of them have made memories in this city. Dean wasn’t very sure about how his life would develop in Canada, but it turned out to be a nice surprise.
Dean laughed. They walked towards the kitchen and they got out to the backyard, where Emmanuel was. Castiel took his horse with him so it would be easier for him to go to palace every time he had to attend a meeting with his brother. Even he and Dean went on that horse where both were needed.
Dean hums in agreement. “I do.” He knows that Cas is about to ask something, but he kisses him briefly. “Like to feel your cock in my ass.” With that, Castiel blushes deeply and Dean can’t help the happy smile his own lips draw. “So cute when you blush.”
“So you’ve told me a million times,” Dean says, hiding a smirk as he drinks his coffee. He got it in a cheap coffee shop in front of the motel. He is actually surprised by the taste. Not that the flavor is great, but he was expecting something that tasted like water with colorant.
Sometimes Dean wishes it was like that. That he was the one who died instead of Mary. That the crappiest son on earth died instead of the best mother that this world has ever seen.
But there’s nothing holding Cas in Vancouver, right? Of course that there isn’t. His life is in New York. He hasn’t lost anything here.
Cas follows, and Dean does so after a moment. He can feel the rapid beating of his heart hammering against his chest.
“Yeah.” He sighs and then he looks at Cas. “Keeping such a huge secret sucks, and it makes you feel guilty constantly, but when you love someone, you don’t want that person to have to deal with that load you carry. By not telling them, they can have a normal and happy life, without having to worry about that stuff. And that’s something every hunter wishes for themselves at one point.”
“Dean—!” He places his hand on Dean’s nape, bringing their faces together, until their foreheads are touching and they are breathing into each other. Dean doesn’t stop his riding for a moment and he holds himself tighter on Cas’ shoulders. “Think you can come without being touched?” he asks hurriedly.
They keep walking in a comfortable silence. Soon, they arrive to a small park. The leafless trees are almost hidden in the dark, like the benches from the park. Despite of that, Dean thinks that the park is pretty. In spring, when all those trees have recovered their leaves, it must look beautiful. There must be different shades of green in the park and a lot of different colors from the flowers that are gone now in winter, but they are waiting for the warmth of spring to bring them back to life.
Dean held him tightly and kissed his temple. “You don’t have anything to apologize for, Cas. I get it, really. I never wanted to become like my father, and there are things about him I haven’t told anyone, so I shouldn’t be this hard on you. Fuck, I’m such a jerk.”
“Thank you, Dean. That is a really nice compliment.” He steals a quick kiss from his lips, leaving Dean with a soft smile on his face. “You are the fucking best as well.”
He knows that Cas is really accepting and open minded, but Dean hasn’t found the courage to tell Cas about that. He fears that Cas would find it weird or uncomfortable, even if Cas has never felt like that when it comes to Dean, but Dean also feels embarrassed about admitting that he likes wearing panties and that he owns a pair of them that he actually bought for himself because he loves the feeling of it.
Cas reaches Dean’s cock and he starts to blow him. His hands immediately go to Cas’ hair, gripping it tightly as he rocks his hips. The ex-angel sucks in deeper, pressing his sinful lips tighter and swirling his tongue, making Dean groan and moan, fucking into his mouth as if there was no tomorrow. Cas fucking moans around his cock when it hits the back of his throat.
Castiel sighs, relieved, and he lets go of Dean’s wrist, leaving the ghost of his touch on Dean’s skin. “Thank you, Dean.”
I'm updating a few hours before my usal hour because I don't know if I'm going to be able to upload it later, so there you go. Thank you so much for reading, for the kudos, the comments, the bookmarks and the subscriptions :)
“Trust me, he’s not exaggerating at all,” Sam says with a grimace. “Rock concerts are really loud. And smelly.” He laughs with the last word and Cas’ frown only deepens.
Castiel rolled his eyes but smiled. He lined himself and he started pressing the head of his cock inside Dean’s tight hole, moaning at the sensation. He got a bit further, feeling the muscle give in and he started to push inside, making the two of them moan. As he got in deeper, Dean’s tightness and warmth increased, and it was maddening. The feeling of Dean around him was marvelous.
But Dean chuckles, easily and calmly. “It’s nothing related with the supernatural world, Cas,” he explains, and Castiel feels relieved by that. “It’s something related with—” he sighs and lifts his eyes, shyly. “With my personal life.”
Dean frowns at that. He knows that Cas is telling the truth. “Then, why did you called saying that you needed me?”
Dean nods and begins to eat his breakfast. An idea comes into his mind, but he keeps it to himself, because he knows Cas would reject the idea. “Are you gonna work on the garden today?” he asks, curiously.
Billie glares him. “That’s asking too much. You three and Rowena are alive. The Empty isn’t after Jack nor Castiel. You won’t have to fight against God nor angels nor demons anymore. I think that you three have gained more than you expected.”
Castiel took a deep breath and looked down, feeling how his heart was hurting. It never felt like that before. He always liked being staying in town because, as Gabriel said, it gave them a little bit of freedom, but now that Castiel had a best friend and he got to experience what freedom really was, he didn’t want to leave. But he knew he couldn’t stay. He had to leave. His parents said so and he had to obey.
There is a long pause. Cas looks at Dean while Dean thinks about what he has said. Then, Cas looks at Sam, who also looks worried. Finally, Cas looks at himself, covered in dirt and monster’s blood.
When he opens his eyes, he catches sight of Cas’ trench coat. He put it in the trunk the moment they left the reservoir. He didn’t care that it was still soaking; he just needed to keep it safe. He couldn’t part without it.
Cas always makes coffee. He is great at it. Dean doesn’t know what his secret is, but no one in the bunker knows how to make a coffee as great as Castiel.
“Got any plans for tonight?” Dean asks, trying to change the subject. He always tries to avoid talking about his job as much as he can, usually to avoid questions that will screw his front. Sometimes he mentions something, he makes up something convincing, but nothing else. The less people that know about his fake job, the better.
“Of course I can. But I will need something of him to make the locating spell. Like a hair or something he wore.”
Dean hides his smile behind the menu. “That sounds delicious. Everything sounds delicious to be honest.”
Castiel smiles. Then, he lifts Dean’s hand and he kisses his palm, which makes Dean blush like he hasn’t blushed in years or maybe in forever.
Dean stares at him, shocked. “Oh, no, you can't do that. Sam's not well enough. If you leave his body...”
“He was about everything else. He—” He stops talking, noticing all the hostile looks from the angels. He is starting to lose them, Dean can see it. Then, he looks at Hannah. “You believe me, don't you?”
There was a vitality in Dean’s eyes that Castiel never saw before. His eyes were full of life and they were so expressive. He liked them. He was used to cold and expressionless stares, but Dean’s eyes were warm and inviting. “Okay,” Castiel finally said, standing up, not missing the happy and beautiful smile of Dean.
“I’m sorry,” Dean apologizes. He reaches Castiel’s hands and they hold hands. “I didn’t want to upset you like this.”
Dean turns his face and looks at him, with pain in his eyes. “I’m not talking about this moment, Cas!”
“Do you really want to picture my punch in your face?” he snaps sassily, and Dean starts laughing uncontrollably at that. “I’m being serious, I don’t understand why you are laughing at all.”
Dean looks down, making a shy smile, because Charlie is right. It was about time that Dean could be selfish and have some happiness. It has taken its time, but with all those things that were going on before those two big gates were closed and the Darkness was defeated, happiness wasn’t something that Dean could think about. Saving people was on top of it. Of course that he still wants to save people, but now things are quieter, and there isn’t that heavy load of stopping a huge massacre resting on his shoulders. Hunts aren’t as frequent as they used to, and Dean can have a good life without thinking that today might be his last day because some big bad is going to kill him.
Sam appears a few seconds after that with what Dean thinks it must be half of the vegetables from the supermarket.
Castiel begins to kiss Dean’s jaw, feeling his stubble against his lips. Dean closes his eyes and moans when Cas begins to suck the skin of his neck while his hands linger on Dean’s nipples, touching and rubbing them in the way Dean loves it. He rolls his hips, wanting to give Cas that pressure of their cocks together, and it earns him a wonderful moan.
“Come back in three hours, please,” Castiel said to the coachman, who nodded and left the place. Castiel approached Dean and got into the house, closing the door behind him, looking at Dean with a tender look. “Hello, Dean,” he said with a sweet voice.
Sam is taken by surprise for the second time. He probably never thought that Dean would ever be honest about that.
“Let’s make a toast,” Sam proposes, raising his glass with wine, everybody mirroring the motion. “For Kevin, the youngest one of us who’s gonna have no trouble at all in that PhD.”
Once Sam has gone to bed, Dean decides to get out of the cabin and pray to Cas. He has been thinking about praying to him for a while, but given that they had painted Enochian sigils around the cabin to discuss what the hell was going on with Cas, to avoid him from eavesdropping, Dean has to get out of the cabin to pray.
“How many times do I have to tell you that I love you before you start believing that I do and that you are full of worth?”
“What?” Sam asks, clearly alarmed. He looks at Dean, who gives him an innocent look and smirks. Then, he looks at Eileen, who is feigning innocence. Dean really hopes that his brother doesn’t let go Eileen.
“Chicken fajitas,” Dean answers. “I was thinking about cooking some bell peppers, but since my stomach is only a few minutes away from eating itself, I’m just gonna add some lettuce, tomato, bacon and some slices of cheese.”
Dean started kissing his jaw and Castiel closed his eyes, moaning lowly. “Do you wanna go upstairs so you can completely relax?” Dean murmured into his ear before catching his earlobe in between his teeth.
Dean’s eyes look for a brief moment Castiel’s hand as they walk out of the Roadhouse. His hand itches to just feel again how their hands felt like when they were tangled together. But he can’t do that. So he just places his hands inside the pockets of his leather jacket, fisting them.
“Yeah, you told me that you were a coffee freak,” he says casually and shrugging. “It’s just some normal coffee, not that expensive thing you like,” he teases with a wicked grin.
“Yeah, whatever.” He sighs. He doesn’t want to get into that territory. “Have you learnt how to cook something or do you keep burning stuff?”
Dean grabs his jacket and storms out of his bedroom. He needs to drown himself in alcohol tonight. He needs to get rid of the pain. Just for a little while. That’s all he needs. To be unable to feel a goddamn thing. Just for an hour of two. He can’t keep going on with this pain in his heart. Not tonight.
“No,” Dean says with a warning look. But Cas starts to tickle Dean’s feet and the hunter starts to squirm. “You son of a bitch!” He pulls his feet away from Cas’ hands, but the ex-angel is soon onto him and his hands start to tickle him everywhere. “Cas!” he giggles.
Dean runs towards Cas, who is lying on the floor. “Hey, hey,” Dean says kneeling next to him. “Hey, you with me?”
They brush their teeth after it and they go straight to bed, because Dean still needs to rest and Castiel likes going to bed with Dean. He could read or watch some TV, but he prefers going to bed with Dean.
Dean breathes relieved. If Rowena has been able to locate him, it means that Cas is alive. “Thank you,” Dean says before leaving the room.
They soon find the sheriff, Rose Morris, a woman in her late thirties with strawberry blond hair and grey eyes, who is sitting at her table and watches their approaching with a frown.
“Your burgers are delicious. But they would be even better if they had a good cheese,” Castiel says bitterly. He turns right, going straight to the cheese section. He looks around and then he grabs some Swiss cheese and drops it into the cart.
Dean began his thrusts and Castiel pressed the back of his head against the pillow, moaning Dean’s name loudly and digging his nails on Dean’s blade as his hips rolled with Dean’s, matching his rhythm. He grinded onto him, fucking into his cock. Their movements were sweet and slow, and Castiel felt really loved. Whenever they had sex, he always felt loved, but tonight he felt it even more, because Dean knew he needed it.
This is their last chance, Dean knows it. And it can end up with both of them together or never seeing each other ever again. This time, there isn’t a thing in between both options. But Dean is going to do whatever he can to get Castiel’s love and trust again.
Dean nods. “Now we’re gonna spread some olive oil onto the dough so it doesn’t get soggy.” He pours the golden liquid and then brushes it along the top. “Get the marinara sauce and spread it.”
Charlie sticks out her tongue and Dean laughs. “ I come every single day because I don’t like leaving you alone with these muggles,” she explains with an obvious look. Dean chuckles. “I didn’t attempt all the classes last year, and I’m not attempting all of them this year either. I come because of you and the fast internet connection.”
Dean presses closer against Castiel, who gets his arms around Dean and embraces him, tightly. Dean sighs, happily, burying his face in the curve of Castiel’s neck as he holds his husband as well, feeling loved and safe in Castiel’s strong arms.
“No.” He shakes his head and looks through the window too. The streets are dark already, only lightened up by the streetlights and the weak moonlight. “And you?” He knows he is a bad person for hoping that Cas will say no. He wants Castiel to be happy, he deserves it after Dean broke his heart, but Dean wants to be that person, he wants to be the reason behind Castiel’s smile, like he used to be decades ago.
Cas lets out a happy sigh and his hands are on Dean’s hair and on the space in between his blades, caressing him. “Happy birthday, Dean,” Castiel whispers before kissing the top of his head.
Castiel kissed him again, never stopping his thrusts. Dean’s cock touched his sweet spot and he moaned, loudly, and clenched around Dean, who moaned really loud too. Their bodies trembled, but they held each other. Castiel’s other hand kept cupping Dean’s face and his fingers brushed his short hair, and Dean leaned onto the touch before he kissed his lips.
“I know, Cas. I know,” Dean admits. “He was also my responsibility, too. And Sam’s. We all screwed it up somehow. And I know that you tried to do your best, even though it wasn’t the best choice.”
Castiel turns his face and looks at Dean, smiling. “Hello, Dean,” he says. Dean hands him one of the bottles and he stands up. “Thank you.” He takes a long sip and sighs happily.
“You are less tense now.” He opens his eyes at that; the eyelids revealing the blue treasure that was hidden. Dean could kiss him right now, it would be so easy, but all he does is smile and close his eyes, letting Cas’ soft humming to lull him and relax him. They stay like that for several minutes, and Dean feels warmer the more time that passes. “It seems that your temperature is back to normal,” he states. Dean hums in agreement and he hears Cas chuckling. Then, Cas is moving from Dean, who opens his eyes to look at him, seeing his impressive chest, and Dean feels his face flushing. “We should go back home.”
Cas gives his hands a reassuring squeeze. Dean senses he wants to say more, but Cas doesn’t. Probably the dream doesn’t want to disrupt Dean’s happiness. The dream wants to keep him here, so every time something makes the happiness falter, or every time the dream senses Dean’s will to leave, it quickly adapts and gives something to either calm Dean or to make him want to stay there.
Castiel blushes and nods. “Yes, I did. Every time I was under the same roof as you and you were having nightmares, I stopped them.”
Castiel sighs and looks at Dean, finally opening both eyes. “I’m fine, Dean. There is nothing to worry about.”
As soon as Dean switches on the lights, he looks in his drawers for a pair of pajamas that will fit Cas. He finds one that will fit Cas perfectly after a moment, and then he hands it to Cas, who thanks him.
Dawning arrived and Dean and Ash left the house, walking towards Ash store. Dean put the paper with the names in his pants’ pocket, keeping it safe. He knew that Charlie would use that information very well.
After a while, Dean finally moves his tongue to Cas’ hole, pressing a kiss on it before flattening his tongue and fucking Cas with it. When he does that, Cas lets out a really loud moan mixed with a wail, and Dean knows that if he was hard, he could be easily coming with just that sound.
Castiel keeps thrusting in and out of him, and Dean clenches around him, tightly, making Castiel’s whole body tremble.
Castiel nods and pulls away from him, walking towards the coffee machine and he starts it, grabbing their mugs as he waits for the coffee to be ready. Dean watches him, with a soft smile on his lips, feeling how his eyes are still glassy. He loves Cas so fucking much. And this is all he wants; to have Cas like this, sharing little moments like this, moments that don’t seem to be special or important, but they are it because they love each other.
Dean tries not to get too affected by those words; they are just words, nothing else, so he acts casually and he puts the bowls on the counter, being very careful not to burn his hands and he turns off the oven after closing its door. His heart is beating painfully against his chest and he tries to take small breaths to ease this pressure that it is trapping his chest.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. We’re gonna be late to our meeting with the sheriff.” He pecks his lips and kneels in front of him.
Dean makes an affirmative sound and looks at his surroundings. “It can’t be coincidence that this tree is just right where the shield appears.”
“I—” Dean tries to say. After confessing his love to Cas, it feels like he can talk about stuff he hasn’t talked about before. It is still hard, but at least, the words aren’t piling up in his throat to die, unable to reach pass his tongue. It is still scary to say the things he wants to say, but he needs to say them. He takes a deep breath, and says, “Cas, I’m just a fucked up hunter. I can’t offer you much, you know that.”
Castiel chuckles. He really likes Dean’s personality. “Anyway, why don’t you just come over? That way, you won’t be too rushed. When you finish your exam come over here.”
“What he did wasn't bad. It was the absence of good,” Cas keeps going saying. “And I saw that in him. But we were a family, and I didn't want to lose that, so I thought I could fix it on my own. Felt like it was my responsibility.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean begins to say, blushing, and he looks directly at Cas, still busy with his flowers. “I don’t wanna die like that anymore.”
“You can be a real pain the ass sometimes, Dean,” Castiel says as a tiny smile starts to form in his lips.
They sit on a booth and check the menu. Dean’s mouth waters at all the many fried goods. “Man, there’s so many good stuff.”
Dean kisses him. He cups his face and gives his boyfriend the loveliest and most passionate kiss he has ever given him. When they pull away, both of them are breathless. “Neither have I.”
Dean has to look away at that moment. It has been years since he saw Lucifer kill Cas, but that memory still haunts him and hurts him. Cas might remember leaving with Kelly as something good, but for Dean, it is one of his worst memories, because he watched Cas die, and it destroyed him. He knows that Cas is there, sitting in front of him, alive, but that memory is still too vivid for Dean.
Dean covers his face in embarrassment while Charlie and Castiel laugh. “Don’t worry, Cas,” Charlie says. “We’ve got plenty of that.”
Dean frowns at first and then he remembers the bandage on his left shoulder blade. “A ghost threw me against some wall that had old nails on it from hanging frames and they got through my clothes and skin.” He looks at Cas as he explains it, and his heart melts when he sees Cas’ concern. “I’ve had worse,” Dean asks, shrugging casually.
“I’ll come home to eat,” Castiel answers before biting the toast. He makes an appreciative moan and Dean grins. “I don’t have much left to do, so I’ll be back here in time for lunch.”
Cas moves away, going to press several kisses on the inner of Dean’s thighs. Dean likes how Cas’ stubble feels against his sensitive skin. He also leaves some hickeys there that make Dean fist the sheets. A few more kisses and Castiel is lying onto Dean and leaning to kiss him. Dean seizes the moment and places his hand on Cas’ nape, bringing him closer so he can give him a dirty and breathless kiss. When they pull away, Cas is panting.
Dean starts walking again and Cas follows him. Even though he doesn’t say anything, Dean knows that Cas is intrigued.
Castiel arrives not so later after that and he starts to prepare coffee. “Are you going to do those wonderful pancakes?” Castiel asks curious.
“Yeah,” Dean says. Words don’t come out as well as they should. He is still processing the fact that Cas is back and standing right in front of him. Dean has been through a lot to forget Cas, but everything has gone to hell the moment he has seen Cas again. What the hell is wrong with him? “What are you doing here?” He hates how soft and weak his voice comes. Dean Winchester is such a mess.
“That’s a low punch, Cassie.” Balthazar makes a hurt face and he smirks. “Then, what’s wrong between you and Dean-o?”
“Dean!” Castiel yells shaking. His whole body shivers as Castiel gets the snowball out of his boxers. He turns to look at Dean, who is smirking. “Assbutt.” Castiel grabs Dean’s t-shirt to pull him closer and he smashes the remaining of that snowball on Dean’s face, something that Castiel finds hilarious.
Dean smiles and grabs Cas’ hand. “I mean about everything.” His boyfriend still looks at him with his brows knitted together. “I barely say it, but—” He takes a deep breath and his thumb caresses the back of Cas’ palm. “Thanks for being with me, for taking care of me, for knowing what to do even when I don’t say a word.”
Suddenly, he feels Castiel moving, until he is lying on top of him, and he gets both of his hands on each sides of Dean’s face, cradling it delicately. Dean opens his eyes and looks at him, confused, but Castiel leans closer, pressing their foreheads together. “I’ve got you,” Castiel murmurs with a calmed voice. He kisses him sweetly, and Dean feels himself relaxing. But another thunder comes, its light getting under his closed eyes, and the sound gets into his bones, and he pulls away from the kiss. “Hey, hey,” Castiel keeps murmuring, keeping Dean in place. “I’m with you.” He looks right into Dean’s eyes as his thumbs caress his cheeks. “I’m going to distract you, okay?”
He gets in their latest stolen car. The moment he closes the door, he takes a generous sip of his recently purchased whiskey.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Dean mutters in between broken sobs. He throws what it is like the tenth gauze soaked with Castiel’s blood, not caring where it ends or if it is going to stain the damn floor. The wound is still bleeding and it doesn’t matter what Dean does, it keeps bleeding. He needs to sew it, but every time he tries it, the wound opens up again, spilling more blood.
“Look at you two being so happy and in love.” Charlie’s voice is full of fondness and happiness, making Dean and Cas blush slightly. “It’s great to see you like this, guys.” And Dean couldn’t agree more with her.
“What?” Dean asks, not knowing why Cas is smiling like that. He is still learning some of his expressions, as well as Cas is learning his. There are so many gestures that they still don’t know about each other, things that they only do when they are alone. It is an amazing learning process.
Castiel moves his hand on Dean’s chest to Dean’s mouth. His fingers press onto Dean’s lips, making Dean open his eyes widely. He has fantasized about licking Cas’ fingers more times than he likes to admit.
Seventeen years had passed since the first time he met Dean, and Castiel still had to lie to protect both of them.
Castiel exhales sharply and he rubs his face, looking so human. “I don’t know. We should just take things one step at a time. For now, we will work with what we have. We will go to that McDonalds tomorrow to see if it has anything to do with the shield. We can also tell Sam to find a spell that can reveal if there are any dangerous spells in the witch’s house. Depending of the outcome of those things, we will decide what to do. We can’t keep speculating on these numerous hypotheses unless we have more information.”
Castiel rolls his eyes and chuckles. “Okay.” He leans to kiss Dean’s lips. “Switch off the lights. I need to sleep, after all, you woke me up extremely early today.”
Dean still has nightmares and the pain in his heart is still there, and in his opinion, that constant hurt in his heart is only getting worse. Just like his alcoholism. There is not a single day in which Dean isn’t drinking. He starts early and continues drinking until he goes to sleep.
“No problem,” Dean says, feeling really nervous. “Hey, I, uh, I— I wanted to give you something, if that’s okay.”
His blue eyes soften and his smile is no longer sad. He clears his throat and starts to talk, “As I told you, I was born in Pontiac, Illinois. When I was six years old, both of my parents died in a car accident. My grandfather raised me, but he died when I was fifteen.” His voice is sad and it is slightly filled with pain. “I didn’t have anywhere to go and I needed money to eat so one of my grandfather’s friends hired me as a waiter. My actual agent, Naomi, found me and thought that I was pretty enough to be part of the film world. She got me my first role at that year and since then, I’ve been working in the film industry.”
Dean just stares at him and clenches his jaw. “That was my mistake,” he says, a little bit calmed, but still pissed. He doesn’t want to tell Cas the truth about why he didn’t pray to him. “But at least my mistake doesn’t involve cosmic consequences.”
“Well, yeah.” Dean starts to say. Castiel’s brows make a confused frown. “That’s one of the most complicated things, it takes a lot of years and experience, it is strange to find a neurosurgeon as young as you. You must be fucking awesome.”
“Because I wanted to show you this house,” Dean begins to say. He had been feeling slightly nervous about this, but now that he has to finally tell Cas, he is feeling extremely nervous. He knows it is ridiculous, because he is pretty sure that Cas will agree to this, but Dean’s self-doubt is something he still needs to work on. He’s getting better, though.
It doesn’t take them too long to start moving towards their bedroom, leaving on the floor some of the clothes they are taking off as they walk, only stopping kissing when it is needed.
“Hey,” Dean says with a squeaky voice. He clears his throat, hoping that his next words sound more normal. “I can move them if they bother you.”
Castiel’s heart is opening old wounds; wounds that Castiel really made sure to heal completely. But as he watches Dean, that happy, singing, dancing and cooking, with a pretty smirk on his lips, Castiel feels a heartwarming feeling that spreads through his body, running rushed and wildly, making him smile without any effort at all and in an honest way.
Cas’ cheeks blush immediately, acquiring that lovely red shade Dean adores. “You are welcome, Dean. And you would do the same with me. Actually, you have done it several times.”
Castiel still gives him that worried look. “I would prefer it if you took a nap in the car. I don’t want you to get tired.”
Dean hums. “Really. I wanted to tell you right away, but the word still didn’t come out.” He sighs, and then points with his head a stall of honey. “I guess you’re looking for honey, right?”
He isn’t sure how he collapses down on the mattress, but he thanks having his back pressed on it and having Cas above him. After some minutes, Cas starts to move tiredly and he starts to untie Dean’s legs. Dean stretches them and he breathes happily and relieved, feeling that tingling buzzing feeling running down his legs once they are freed.
“Yeah, she is.” He opens the Impala’s door and he gets in it. Cas walks towards the other door and gets in as well. “But don’t piss her off, trust me.” Both of them chuckle. “Have you been in Queen Elizabeth Park?”
Cas smiles in a lovely way, the one that makes Dean feel so lucky for being able to see it and even luckier for being the reason behind that smile.
“What are you thinking?” Dean wonders, resting the back of his head on the top of the backrest, tilting his head to his right so he can see Cas’ pensive expression.
“Why do you say so?” Dean is confused right now. He doesn’t understand what it is going on with Cas right now.
He feels Cas’ hand on his shoulder, because Cas knows that what Dean needs now is a small touch, and Cas’ touches are never small, even if they are it. Dean opens his eyes and smiles. “And I also know you are a good man because you promised me not to look at your present.”
Both of them chuckle as they look at each other. In moments like this, it is easy to forget about the world and the reality that separates them. Dean gets lost in those eyes and he forgets about everything. That has always been the problem; he gets too lost.
“You know, if Sam wasn’t here right now, we could have some phone sex to make you feel less lonely.”
The brownies arrive; they are covered with hot chocolate and there’s a ball of vanilla ice cream on a side. Dean licks his lips and enjoys the smell of chocolate and vanilla, making his mouth to water.
“I don’t understand why we are here in plain daylight,” Castiel comments as he and Dean walk among the tombstones. “You always insist on discretion.”
Dean’s sitting on a chair next to his father’s bed. He’s been there for a couple of minutes. “I skipped it,” Dean says. “It wasn’t important. Today we were gonna watch some videos about mechanics on youtube. I didn’t want to stay there,” he explains as Sam grabs the other chair and places it next to Dean’s.
Castiel turns around, surprised and a bit startled. He clearly wasn’t expecting Dean to be awake. “I can’t,” Castiel recognizes with a tiny, shy smile. “And you?”
He knows he has to kill Lucifer, and the only way to do so, is to let Michael possess him. Cas tries to stop him, but Dean insists that he has no choice. If he doesn’t do that, they will lose their little family. Cas knows that and he looks at Dean in pain, because he knows Dean is right, but he doesn’t want Dean to say yes to Michael.
Cas looks touched and lost at the same time. He can clearly see that Dean means what he is saying. “Dean...”
“I’m a fast reader,” Castiel answers. Dean hums and leans down, kissing Castiel softly. “Did you enjoy your swim?” he asks as Dean sits next to him, dropping his t-shirt onto the couch. He brings his hand to his hair, caressing it, feeling the remaining of the salty water.
“I’m gonna get the medical supplies,” Dean announces, looking at Cas. “I’ll be right back. Meanwhile, if you can, take off your trench coat, your jacket and your shirt.”
“I think the guy was a fucking lazy ass that day and he did that. Or that lights went out and that’s all he could see at that moment.”
Dean rolls his eyes and drinks the remaining of his whiskey. “Can I ask you something a bit personal?”
It is raining in New York. It isn’t a surprise; there were gray clouds during the whole morning and it was just a matter of time before the rain decided to appear on the big city. Castiel looks how it rains through the window, hearing the soft sounds of the raindrops against the glass of the window. He loves rainy days. He loves being in his apartment, sitting in his comfortable armchair, having a latte while he stares at the rain. It brings him peace.
“Singing, playing the guitar,” Dean starts to say with a thoughtful grimace. Sam makes a confused frowns at that. “Sleep. Then you came and I started crying because of Cas. And then I fall sleep, again.”
He grabs everything Cas asked for and he walks back to the bathroom, where Cas is already showering. The temperature is high and the air is filled with steam. He leaves Cas’ clothes on the sink, hearing how the water stops. All Cas needed was some quick shower to remove the sweat. He steps out of the shower and Dean can’t help grinning at looking at his beautiful, naked body, making Cas blush.
“Yeah. I’m fan-freaking-tastic,” Dean says, with what he hopes is a convincing pout, but he can see in Cas’ eyes that he knows that something is going on with Dean. He clears his throat and says, “We should check it out.”
Castiel sighs and walks towards the bedside table. Dean hears the sound of a dish being placed on it, and by the smell, he knows it’s the lasagna he made.
Castiel grins happily and he kneels on the mattress, cupping Dean’s face, pulling him towards the mattress, forcing him to kneel on it as well and meeting him in a lovely kiss that Dean melts on it. When they pull away, Cas hugs him tightly, burying his face in Dean’s neck. “I love you too, Dean,” Cas says really happy. “You finally said it.”
“You aren’t a baby, Cas. But you’ve got low intolerance to these things. It’s normal. Sam used to be knocked out with one beer when he started drinking.”
Dean arrives home the moment Sam gets out of it. Sam seems glad to see him and he gets into the car. The moment he sees his brother, Sam’s face turns into a scared and worried one.
Dean hits that spot over and over again, and Cas moans and arches his back off the bed, clenching really tight around Dean that it is maddening. Dean comes in one of those times, but he keeps thrusting in and out of Cas until he is coming too, not so long after him, moaning Dean’s name really loud.
“Look, I don't need to feel like hell for failing you, okay?” Dean says, almost wailing his words as he approaches Cas. “For failing you like I've failed every other godforsaken thing that I care about! I don't need it!”
Dean begins to map Castiel’s amazing body with his hands as he deepens the kiss. Castiel does the same, wanting to touch every part of Dean’s body. They roll their hips together, feeling their hard cocks and the amazing friction that comes with it.
Dean keeps bobbing his head and swirling his tongue around the shaft, swallowing his cheeks. Castiel tries to make his moans sound lower than usually, but they still echo against the walls of the bathroom. Dean moans around Castiel’s cock, loving the feeling of it, increasing the speed, feeling how Castiel tenses with every bob of his head and how he starts moaning in enochian. Dean knows it is only a matter of seconds until Castiel comes in his mouth, so he takes all of Castiel in one movement, pressing his lips and hollowing his cheeks to make it happen faster.
Castiel mumbles something in enochian and he begins to kiss Dean’s collarbone, slowly ascending until he finds Dean’s lips and they kiss, lazily but sweetly. Dean buries his fingers in Castiel’s hair, pulling him even closer.
But things don’t go as planned, and Dean returns to the bunker without his mother or Jack, but at least he knows they aren’t with Michael anymore. However, his good news is short lived when Sam and Cas tell him that after Gabriel killed Asmodeus, he left the bunker, and they don’t have any more archangel grace to come back to the other world.
“Let me bottom-line it for you,” Dean says, because he knows he needs to make his intentions clear. “I'm not leaving here without you. Understand?
Dean hums into it, getting lost in the press of Cas’ lips against his. “It’s nice to have you here this early.”
Later, after sharing some kisses, they wash each other’s hairs and bodies. Dean loves when they do this, when they wash each other with all their care and they share some kisses and light touches. He feels so relaxed and clean when they come out of the shower.
Cas seems willing to say something, but he doesn’t. His eyes look moved by Dean’s gift, and so does the beautiful smile he is making. He throws himself at Dean, pulling him into a tight hug that catches Dean by surprise, but he reciprocates, holding Cas tightly. He doesn’t miss the faces Sam and Charlie make, but he ignores them and focuses on Cas, hugging him like he is doing.
Castiel nods and sits on the bed while Dean starts removing all his clothes, except for his boxers, showing his back to Cas.
Dean keeps leaving a trail of kisses on Cas’ jaw, feeling the soft burn of his stubble. “That would mean leaving bed, and you aren’t willing to do that.”
Dean shakes his head and lets out a long sigh. He will never understand why Cas and Sam love running so much, but to each their own. He keeps looking for soup recipes on the internet, trying to find an appetizing one for their lunch. They both could really use some hot food for today.
“We really need to buy Jody a gift or something,” Dean says. “Remind me that the next time we’re headed to Sioux Falls to pay her a visit.”
“Oh, yeah? When?” Cas snaps. He keeps groaning, and Dean can’t do anything but stare at him, worried. “Dean, something’s wrong. I... I can’t heal myself. I think the— I think the demon’s spear was poisoned. I don’t— I— I think I’m dying.”
During the whole time, they remain pressed together. There’s a time when Cas places his arm around the small of Dean’s back. It feels so intimate to be this close, and it feels so right.
“No,” he spits out. “It’s been a fucking week, Cas! And all I’ve managed it’s to push you away! Clearly, I’m the one who has fucked things up!” He is raising his voice more than he should, but he is really pissed off with Cas’ behavior. “So why don’t you just fucking tell me what I did so we can stop with all this crap?!”
It’s like Cas gives him something to wait for. Dean has the feeling that he is somehow stuck in his life. He likes his life, he has a job he adores and a wonderful family and wonderful friends, but he has that feeling that there’s something missing to complete the puzzle of his life. Everyone he knows is achieving things one way or another, it feels as if everyone was advancing with their lives but Dean couldn’t. But after all, Dean has never fit in this world, not completely. Maybe seeing Cas gives him a sense of moving.
Dean opens his eyes widely. Sleeping with Cas in the same bed? He hasn’t slept in the same bed with anyone for years; it would be a bit weird to do that.  Dean has been considering sleeping in the same bed as Cas when they have just had sex, but not in this situation. “Cas, it’s your bed—” He starts to say.
“Cas, I’ve gotta ask you something,” Dean said, sounding really shy. He bit his bottom lip, something that Castiel knew it meant that his friend was worried about something. “It’s okay if you say no.”
Castiel grunts and he grabs two mugs to pour coffee in them. He grabs one and takes a long sip before handing Dean his.
Charlie grins and squeezes his shoulder, shaking him in that friendly and enthusiastic way of hers. “We’re so proud of you. You’re growing up so fast!”
By the time they are on the stairs of the garage, Sam catches them up and the three of them walk to the Impala. Sam gets in the front seat. He and Cas have a deal; when they leave the bunker, Sam rides shotgun, when they drive back home, Cas rides shotgun. Dean is always the driver.
Dean shrugs one of his shoulders casually. “I’ll see you tomorrow morning.” It feels good knowing that Dean is going to wake up and find Cas there in the bunker. Going to bed knowing that Cas is staying and he will be there, it warms Dean’s heart.
“You are insane if you think I should be the one apologizing.” He moves away a little, but not too much. This is a queen size bed, not a king one like the one in their bedroom. “You are the one who made me look downstairs because you didn’t want me with the vampires.”
The Mark remembers something that happened a long time ago, when Colette asked Cain to stop and Cain did. But the Mark has learned from the past and its mistakes, and this time, the Mark isn’t going to make the same mistake. He buries Dean, deeper than before, so it can’t surface again. It knows that Cas is the only one who will make Dean stop, because Dean is in love with him, and that is the Mark’s only weakness.
“Who are you talking to?” Castiel asks confused, making his brand own confused face; squinted eyes, titling his head to one side and a frown.
Castiel hummed in affirmation. “He is even aware of his situation.” His uncle always tried to pretend that he was doing better, but since the last two weeks, he had finally acknowledged that he could no longer pretend and he had decided to do as little as possible. “Lucifer must be aware of his health condition as well, so he must be already planning my murder. Have Dorothy and Kevin found anything?”
Silently and slowly, just in case something is waiting for them inside, Dean and Castiel advance through the place until they find the files of the deceased people in the morgue. Castiel holds the flashlight while Dean looks through the files, trying to find the most recent corpse.
“Yeah, it is,” Dean says happily. “Do you want to take another one? This time looking at the camera?” he asks laughing.
“Cas,” Dean says, worried, because he knows the reason behind those tears. He walks as fast as he can towards Cas and Castiel buries his face in Dean’s stomach while Dean holds him. “I’m here, love, I’m here.” He tries to keep his voice sweet and calm, but it breaks him to see Cas like this; feeling how a part of his memory fades away and being unable to do anything against it. “I’m here. Don’t worry, I’m here, Cas. Just let the tears out. I’m not leaving, I’m here, beloved, I’m here.”
“I know, but—” He takes a deep breath and he rubs his eyes. “I shouldn’t have done any of that, and I feel like shit for doing all of that. I’m sorry and ashamed and I want to apologize properly. I want to redeem myself.”
Dean is about to tell Cas about his hair when the ex-angel speaks, “Yes, I know you love my messy hair.”
“I missed you, too, Cas.” He caresses Castiel’s cheeks and prompts him to move up so they can share a sweet kiss.
Castiel chuckles and Dean averts his eyes from the road to look at Cas and dedicate him a sweet and playful smile. Then he looks back at the road, enjoying the feeling of Cas sitting next to him and the sun warming his skin as he drives.
“I spy, the theme song game, road trip bingo, license plate game, twenty questions… Other times we just read books or comics.”
“How are you, Dean?” Cas asks, sweetly and worriedly. One of his hands lingers on Dean’s shoulder, where the handprint used to be. It brings comfort to Dean.
As Dean came, Castiel kept swallowing Dean, letting the warm liquid fill his mouth. When Dean was done, Castiel licked the head of Dean’s cock, not wanting to waste any of it. Dean was smirking at him when he looked at him, and Castiel couldn’t help blushing. Dean cupped his face and brought him up so they could meet into a sweet kiss. Castiel could feel Dean’s happy and sated smile in it, and it made him smile as well.
“I can’t believe you made a fruit salad,” Sam says as he sits down, taking Dean away from his thoughts.
“And you’re still you, despite the mistakes we both made in the past,” Castiel assures with a half-smile.
Castiel nodded. “It helps having you as a brother. Everyone is keeping an eye on you because you are restless, while everybody thinks that I’m being a good kid in my bedroom.”
Chuck nodded and watched how the servant left the house. Castiel knew he was up to something. “So, this is where you have been lately, right, Castiel?” he asked with a curious look. There wasn’t anything mischievous in his voice, but Castiel could sense that the King wasn’t happy with him spending some time with Dean.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says, and he means it. Then, he sighs. “But there's something Ephraim said. The angels, they need help. Can I really sit this out? Shouldn't I be searching for a way to get them home?”
Dean clicks his tongue. “Nope. We think it’s some sort of pagan god, but we’re not sure. The one behind of these two kills is smart and cautious. There are no previous records of deaths like these ones. For some reason, this god made some mistakes, but for the rest, it’s almost as if it was perfect at killing.” He tilts up his head and looks at the roof of the Impala. “The second victim had some kind of wound that looked as if a snake had bitten him, but we finally were able to get the files of the first victim today, and the photograph of the wound looks like a trident.  Apart for both victims having missed parts, nothing makes sense.”
He hasn’t been able to stop thinking about Dean. During classes it seems that he manages to get Dean out of his mind and focus on the things he has to teach, but once the class is over, his mind goes back to the freckled and green eyed man he saw on Monday. He wishes he could forget him as easy as he does while he is teaching. But things aren’t that easy, right?
“Yeah. But I saw that the guy wasn’t as good as he thought he was on the first game, so I knew I could easily beat him,” Dean explains as he grabs some of the reaming food. “If I saw he was better, I would’ve only bet five hundred.”
He worked as an inventor and as a repairer, although he didn’t look like it. Ash had a really weird hairdo that he referred to it as business in the front and party in the back. He dressed with weird clothes that most of the times were really colorful. He was a picturesque being; maybe that’s why Dean liked him that much.
Castiel’s lips draw a pretty smile. “It’s nice to hear that.” He makes a small pause. “Is there anything else you want to discuss or talk about?”
Dean has known the news for almost a month and he has tried so hard to tell Castiel, he has really tried to tell him, but he couldn’t. Castiel was so happy that every time that Dean seemed to find the strength to finally tell him, he couldn’t. Just the picture of Castiel being hurt by the news, it breaks Dean’s heart. And he knows he is going to have to face it tonight. He kept delaying the news, but he can’t delay them anymore.
“Pre-cooked meals still have to be cooked, and I always end up making something that’s burned and frozen at the same time.”
“I wouldn’t say delusional,” Cas says, pouting, and Dean thinks he looks really cute right now. “Perhaps the term ‘unlikely’ seems more fit.”
“It was necessary. He always gets in the way when I have to teach you a lesson,” John answered really calm and angry.
They kept spending their summer like they always did, talking, playing, drawing, walking around, taking a bath when it was too hot… And Castiel kept falling more and more in love with Dean and he kept keeping it as a secret, treasuring the moments when they were close, when Dean initiated a soft touch, when Dean looked at him in that warm way of his. Castiel wanted to tell him, but he was not only afraid of ruining his friendship with Dean, there was also the fact that loving a person of the same sex was a crime. He didn’t believe it was a crime, but the law said so and he was taught to believe homosexuality and loving a person of the same sex was both a crime and a sin, but Castiel didn’t think so. Loving Dean was beautiful, there was nothing wrong on it. Like many of the rules of the country, Castiel found no sense in that stupid law.
It takes them a while to catch their breaths, and when they do, they look at each other and they grin. Dean loves seeing Cas all blushed, with a gummy smile, with his eyes shining bright and his hair being a wild mess that is stuck to his forehead because of the sweat. Dean kisses him, happily, because for a moment, he completely forgets about reality and he just thinks about him and Cas, exhausted from making love, but both being really happy and satisfied.
“I thought that too. I wanted too but— I’m glad you made me change my mind.” He is so glad that he decided to open the envelope and that Dean made that video and he sang that song. Being in Dean’s arms, holding each other, feeling Dean’s warmth feels better than anything. Castiel takes a deep breath and closes his eyes, letting himself get drunk with the overwhelming smell of Dean and his warmth, feeling Dean pressed against him. “Damn, I forgot how good hugging you was.”
He finally falls asleep, but while he is working at the garage during the next day, he can’t focus properly. He has fixed engines thousands of times, but right now, it seems as if this was the first time he did such thing; like if he was incapable of doing a task he can do almost with his eyes closed.
Sam is still dealing with Lucifer’s hallucinations, but for now, at least he is getting some sleep, unlike Dean, who is constantly waking up from nightmares.
Jessica shook her head. “No. It will take him a couple of days to wake up. He lost a lot of blood, but we sew his wound and stopped the hemorrhage. He only needs to rest. I think that in less than a week he will wake up. He is quite weak, but it’s understandable, given that the wound was very deep, but he is good, all things considered.”
Dean pulls away after a while and brings his lips to kiss Castiel, who groans at the loss of Dean’s mouth on his dick, but he is content the moment they kiss and even more content when Dean, after lubing his fingers, starts to finger Cas, loosening him slowly, feeling the happy moans and hums Cas makes as Dean works his fingers inside him. He avoids his prostate until he has four fingers inside, and Cas moans deliciously at it, closing his eyes and parting his pretty lips, squirming under Dean’s body.
They reach the motel and they get inside the room. Castiel walks slowly, as if every step he takes was the hardest task in the world.
But he finally found some strength and kept going. It took him a long time, a lot of work, so many efforts, but he finally kept going without Dean, carrying his broken heart and trying to put all the broken pieces back together as well as he could. And now, Dean shows up and it feels as if all that work Castiel did disappeared immediately. What is wrong with him?
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean mumbles as he rolls in Cas’ arms, wanting to face him so they can kiss properly.
“Dean,” Castiel interrupts. “You needed me. Besides, talking to you about the universe has helped me.”
Now it is time for Dean to blush. “You’re the worst.” He starts to remove the sheets from the bed with Cas’ help.
After Rowena departs, Dean decides to remain in his bedroom, reading one of the books he purchased a few weeks ago. He tries to put all of his attention into the words, to let himself be immersed in the fictional world, but his mind keeps thinking about Cas, worrying about him, knowing that something’s going on with him.
Castiel huffed. It was obvious that Dean knew that information because of Charlie. “I can’t believe you get to know about that but you didn’t know that I was the Prince of Arpret during all these years.” He made a sassy smirk and took a sip.
They end up preparing a huge salad that consist of tomatoes, lettuce, arugula, apples, pine nuts and some ricotta cheese mixed up with dried tomatoes. Dean doesn’t know where this ingredient came from and much less how his mind thought about it, but he is so dam glad about it, because it tastes really good.
Dean’s breathing is ragged and he’s moaning loud, but he doesn’t care. He wants to last as long as he can, but it’s so hard, because damn it, Castiel makes it so difficult. Dean clenches around Castiel’s cock and the man lets out a wonderful moan, making Dean feel how the body above him trembles and shakes.
“We didn’t last too much longer,” Castiel says laughing. He hands Dean one and Dean thanks him with a wink. He feels the juice soaking his tongue the moment he bites it. It is sweet and a bit acid; simply perfect.
Dean rolls his eyes and he almost runs to the bathroom because he can’t hold any longer. The bunker is quiet and his barefoot make sounds against the cold floor. Sam and Charlie are still sleeping. Dean knows none of them will wake up until quite late in the morning. Somehow they decided to make a marathon of
He makes puppy eyes, and although Dean has experience with that stare, thanks to his brother Sam, he doesn’t have any experience with Castiel’s. Those eyes are too powerful. “Fine. But only tonight. I don’t like that you’re inviting me.”
The next few days without Cas, Dean realizes how much he misses him, and the anger inside him starts to leave him, getting replaced by pain, longing and also grief, because he is sure that it was his shitty behavior what made Cas leave this time.
“Do you think you can leave me like this without any explanation at all?” Dean asks, his voice full of pain and hurt.
Castiel followed him and they walked towards the studio. That room always smelled of paint and oil, mixed with the smell of the few flowers that Dean had inside. Castiel had become fond of that smell.
Naomi smirks bitterly, proud that she managed to piss off Castiel but not so happy at hearing Castiel defending Dean. “This man is a terrible distraction for you and—”
Dean chuckles. “We should get up. We still need to go and deal with that fucking symbol in that oak.”
“Dean—” Castiel starts to say breathless. “You have an extraordinary mouth.” His smile goes wider. He opens his eyes and he looks at Dean. He passes his thumb along Dean’s wet bottom lip. Castiel bites his lip. “You have been so good to me.” He cups Dean’s face with both of his hands and he leans over to kiss Dean. “You have surprised me with your sexy lingerie and now you have blown me so fucking great. I want to reward it to you.” He says before kissing Dean again.
Castiel sighed and rubbed his wet fingers on his tired eyes. The sound of his sigh sounded louder in the marble walls of the bathroom. He was taking a hot bath. The servants always added some oils that left a subtle smell of orange blossom that always relaxed Castiel. He liked the smell of that flower. He sighed again, the sound echoing in the walls and he slid further into the bathtub, letting the water cover his shoulders and soothe the ache of his muscles. He had been working on some paperwork and he had to deal with Meg, and his body and mind were drained.
“How on earth did you know I was here?” Castiel asks. The lift opens its door and both of them step out of the building, where a black car is waiting for them.
“Hey,” Kevin says and Dean looks at the screen again. “There’s a pocket size version of this book, should I order it too?”
His stomach grumbles and he decides to go to the kitchen and grab something to eat. For that, he needs to pass by the library, finding Sam in there, immersed in the book he is reading. He hears Cas’ footsteps and he lifts his eyes from the book, smiling at Cas.
Naturally, everything is eaten and not a single thing is left. Even they don’t leave a single slice of pie, despite of being quite full after dinner. That’s why all of them don’t move from the table for a while; because they are really full and no one of them seems to have enough strength or will to move a single muscle.
After some long moments of fingering, Dean is opened up, so Castiel pushes his fingers out of Dean, in a slow way. He grabs one condom and puts it on. Dean puts his legs around Cas’ waist and he kisses him in a sweet but needy way, placing his hands on Cas’ blades. After the kiss, Castiel starts to push his cock in Dean. He cups Dean’s face and parts his lips, looking at Dean as if nothing else in the world mattered.
“Right, while you track down one of the most powerful beings in existence and lie to her face,” Cas snaps.
“Yes, Dean, I really like it,” he answers with a sweet smile. “What did you do with the old one?” he asks as he folds one of his t-shirts.
Dean kisses him briefly before he rolls onto his side, showing his back to the window. Castiel immediately places himself behind him, covering them with the sheet and pressing his chest against Dean’s freckled back and getting his arms around Dean, resting his hands onto Dean’s tummy, and Dean brings his to rest them onto Castiel’s lacing their fingers together. They are covered in sweat and come, but they don’t care.
Castiel traced Dean’s sides with his hands, loving the feeling of Dean’s body under his palms, feeling the shapes of his muscles and the sharp curves of his body, how his skin was too warm and Castiel loved it. He deepened the kiss and Dean nailed his back, moaning into it as his body squirmed under him.
Dean chuckles. “And you were wondering why I wanted to make a drive that long to only taste a pizza. What do you say now, Cas?”
“You should thank me, Castiel! He was making you waste your time and you were starting to drift away from your job! Now that he is definitely gone, things will be as good as they used to be before you two met!” She gives him a cocky grimace and opens the closet again, but Castiel closes it with a smash, startling her a little.
Castiel smiles and looks at Dean, who turns his face to see him. “It means that I pull away all that shit in my head.”
Dean put his drawing stuff away and approached Cas, cupping his face and looking directly at his eyes. “You told me that, not mattered what, you’ll come back to me. All I ask you is to keep that promise, okay? I don’t care for how long I have to wait, okay?” He gave Castiel an intense look, wanting him to know that he meant every word.
“Are you sure?” he asks as he turns around, facing Dean, giving him that intense look of his, the one he does when he is trying to put all his attention in one task. “Because I know how amusing you find my hair when it is messy.”
“Tired.” He pinches the bridge of his nose and takes a deep breath. “They don’t tell us anything and all I see is that he’s getting worse.” He bounces to his other leg in a nervous way and then, he gets closer to Castiel. “Hey, Cas, I— I was wondering if you would mind if I didn’t go to your apartment tomorrow and on Saturday, I’m not in the best condition to—”
Dean keeps running, with tears in his eyes. Everyone is looking at him with odd looks, but he doesn’t care, he only wants to reach his Impala and drive back home so he can get in his bed and try to forget that all of this ever happened.
“Okay,” Dean finally manages to say, overwhelmed by those wonderful words Cas has just said. “Okay, yeah, that’s— That’s good.”
“Everybody will be very scandalized when we get married,” Castiel said, shaking his head. He didn’t know how the people and all the nobles would react to him getting married to another man. He suspected that some nobles would immediately hate him for it and that most of the people from the country would support him, but he knew it was going to be polemic, but Castiel didn’t care. He loved Dean and he wanted to be with him.
“You misunderstood me!” Dean yells furiously and he looks more hurt. “You can’t feel like that for someone like me!” It hurts to know that Dean thinks he is still lying.
“Fuck, Cas, it doesn’t bother me.” He chuckles and walks towards the kitchen. “For all I know, you are about to pay me for letting you sleep here tonight.” He knows Cas; he might have changed in some aspects, but like Dean, there are a lot of things about him that haven’t changed at all.
They don’t say anything else about it. They keep eating their lunches. Their conversation is about Cas’ work and things like that. Then it switches to the classes Dean has after lunch.
Dean laughs. “As if I ever needed an excuse for that.” They share a sweet kiss, feeling their smiles. “And if I’m not wrong, you really like it, don’t you?” he asks, pressing even closer and rolling his hips slightly.
He is being delusional, but it’s not like Dean can do anything else. He had hopes and dreams for when the world was quiet, but those involved Cas, and Dean hurt Cas and Cas left, so now, Dean has to do something with his little, meaningless and miserable life. But nothing feels right anymore. He just goes through the motions and makes it to another day. That’s his objective; making it to another day. He tries to find some joy in anything, but he doesn’t. It is getting harder and harder to get a tiny amount of happiness.
“We won’t mail them,” Sam explains. “I’ve talked to Claire and she says that she can go there, to Jody’s cabin, and give them to you. She knows where you are and she knows the area, so she might be able to give you a hand. Meanwhile, me and Eileen will keep looking for something in case there are dangerous spells in that house.”
“But it is quite healed,” he murmurs as he takes off the bandage. “I think that in two days it will be fully healed.” He tosses the taken bandage away and he grabs a new one from the drawer.
Castiel chuckles. “It wasn’t that awkward.” He sounds so happy about that and Dean bites his lower lip and smiles.
Castiel releases Dean’s wrist and sees how Dean finishes getting dressed. Castiel is devastated and broken. He could have everything he and Dean had a long time ago but Dean, like always, pulled away.
Dean turns over, tears have fallen down his beautiful face. The white in his eyes has been replaced by red, and his eyes look greener than usually. “Of course you meant it. That’s what I am, Cas. A fucking whore!” he yells angrily, clenching his teeth and Castiel hates being the reason behind Dean’s pain. “You wouldn’t have said it if you didn’t think so.” He walks the small space left from where he stands and the door and he opens the door, he turns to give Castiel another painful sight. “Goodbye, Castiel.”
“Yes, I am,” Castiel answered with a soft smile. “We can change things, finally.” He sounded touched and relieved. Dean understood him; he was going to have a lot of power, but Castiel couldn’t change what he truly needed to change, but now he could. “Thanks to you, to Sam and to Charlie, we have the methods to change things. I know we will have to wait for the King’s decease, but—” He smiled and grabbed Dean’s hand, lacing their fingers together. “But this is happening.”
“That’s ‘cause it’s a habit from when I was a kid. Whenever we had plenty of food, I ate as much as I could because I didn’t know when I was gonna be able to eat again. Days could pass after I had something more than a protein bar or a bowl of cereals.”
Dean wasn’t expecting that. How is that someone as awesome as Cas doesn’t have friends? Working as an actor means having so little time to hang around friends, he knew that, but he didn’t know that Cas could be that alone.
Since they were kids, Castiel had always loved nature and its colors. He knew a lot of stuff about plants and Dean had learnt so many things from his friend. Fifteen years had passed, but Castiel still was passionate about plants. Dean couldn’t help making a nostalgic smile. He was glad to know that some things didn’t change.
He rolls his hips, lining up both of their cocks, making the two of them moan. Castiel moves his mouth until he catches Dean’s earlobe and sucks. Dean’s whole body arches and he rolls his hips harder and faster, matching the pace of Castiel’s movements.
He knows that he shouldn’t have been that sharp with Dean, that Dean wanted him to stay, but Cas couldn’t. He only wants to lie down on the couch and sleep, hoping that when he wakes up tomorrow, he will feel better, that this would be part of a dream that never happened. Maybe his feelings will calm down when he wakes up.
Soon, their movements start to become desperate. Dean can feel the cocks of their lovers twitching inside him, and he knows they are close; just like him. He loves knowing that he is getting all that amazing pleasure from his lovers and that at the same time, he is giving them so much pleasure too.
Dean looked at him. There was something different about him. Something in his eyes was clearly different, but Castiel didn’t know what it was exactly. He looked more like the Dean he knew, and Castiel thought that it was because his dream was shifting to accommodate itself to give Castiel a Dean as close as the real Dean; to make it harder for Castiel to leave.
“If you ever need them,” Castiel intervenes. “Just come by the bunker or call us. We have all of those ingredients.”
“She’s fast,” Dean says quite impressed. Eileen left five days ago and she already has the two ingredients they needed for the spell.
“To Castiel’s.” Dean stopped in front of Moseley’s pretty house and held his little brother’s shoulders. “We need to stay out of home for tonight. Miss Moseley will take care of you and she will bring you to school tomorrow. I will spend the night at Cas’ and then, I will go back home and see how dad’s doing and go to high school.”
“It was great to meet you, Charlie. See you,” Castiel says. Charlie walks away, leaving both of them at the table. “She’s really nice,” Castiel murmurs with a happy smile.
Now, Cas is gone and he didn’t get to know that Dean loves him back. He poured all his heart in front of Dean, he gave it to him, without caring that it would cost him his life, and all Dean could do was remain still and quiet, unable to unleash the truth in his heart. Cas deserved to know that his love was reciprocated. But Dean couldn’t even do that.
“Balls! No!” Bobby says with a disgusted face. He knows about Dean’s sexuality, but he doesn’t like picturing Dean having sex with anyone.
“Dean, it's a human portal,” Cas insists. Dean hates it every time Cas brings that topic. It feels almost as if he didn’t want the portal to work on him. “There's still no proof that an angel can pass—”
It is a long drive and Dean steps on the gas, wanting to go get to the hospital as soon as possible. He would drive faster, but Sam gives him a couple of sideway glances that tell him to slow down a little.
They keep making lunch, teasing each other once in a while, singing along the songs that play in the radio. They have a great time as they cook. Soon, lunch is ready and they eat together, sitting next to each other. Like always, eating takes much less time than cooking, so they are soon washing and drying the dishes. When they finish, Dean decides to go to bed and take a nap while Castiel decides to stay in the living room and read a book.
“Agree.” Dean stands up and Castiel does the same. They walk towards the hall that leads to the bedrooms; Dean’s is the closest one. “Goodnight, Cas,” he says once he is in front of his bedroom door.
Dean walks backwards towards the bed, pulling Castiel with him, never breaking the kiss. They take off each other’s shirts, dropping them onto the floor. When Dean feels the edge of the bed against his calves, Castiel quickly takes off his t-shirt. Once the item of clothing is gone, Dean takes off Castiel’s, and before Castiel can go back to kissing him, Dean falls onto the mattress and grins at Castiel.
Dean feels boneless, and so does Cas. Both of them are panting and unwilling to move yet. Dean is still buried deep inside Cas. He knows he should pull away soon, but he can’t find the strength in his body to do such a simple task like that one. When his breathing has calmed down, he finally does it, both regretting the loss of their joined bodies. He knots the condom and throws it at the bin before collapsing onto Cas’ body, kissing his neck and making Cas chuckle.
Sam and Cas untie Dean. As he does so, Dean has a hard time trying to accept what happened. He was a demon, and he is aware of what happened during all that time, of what he did. He feels like most of the memories he has belong to someone else, but he knows that they are his memories, that he did all that bad stuff.
Usually, it takes time for Dean to know a person and built a friendship, but this thing with Cas is going faster than with any other person and it is going better. The more Dean tries to find the reason, the more confused he gets.
“Do you want me to leave you alone with the car so you can take it to a hotel room?” he asks really sassy.
Grunting, Cas moves his hand, and Dean looks at the ugly wound on Cas’ stomach. He can even see some of his grace trying to get out.
Knowing that he is going to die, Dean decides to visit his mother’s grave before going to face Amara.
Like always there’s a fight for picking the cards, even if nobody knows which card they are picking. Once everyone has their card, they turn it around to see which their fortune is.
“Thanks, Cas,” she says blushing. Then she looks at Dean. “You should have introduced me to him a long time ago, he is so nice!” At least that makes Cas blush too and Dean smiles because he isn’t going to be the only one blushing!
Castiel gets his tongue inside Dean’s mouth, finding his tongue and swirling it with his. Dean moans into the kiss and his knees start trembling, almost as if they had suddenly become jelly. He grips Castiel tightly, avoiding himself from falling. Castiel begins to take off Dean’s t-shirt, having to pull away their mouths from each other. Dean grins and takes off Castiel’s t-shirt, getting his lips back on Castiel’s once they are both topless, placing his hands on his torso, feeling his addictive warmth.
Benny’s surprised stare doesn’t go unnoticed by Dean. He knows that his friend wants to say something about it, but Dean can see Sam is making a long stare, and he is sure that his brother is telling Benny with that stare not to ask Dean about it, which Dean appreciates a lot.
Castiel blushes a lot and he presses his lips into a thin line. “You are talented.” He simply says with a small glare in his eyes.
The carriage stopped and Dean opened the door, the sound of the heavy rain getting louder. “Have a good day, Your Majesty,” he said, softly.
“Cas, I don’t, what— what are you trying to tell me?” He grabs Castiel’s arms, squeezing them a little comfortingly. It makes Castiel’s eyes get closed.
The carriage stopped in front of Dean’s house and Castiel got out of it. Usually, the driver had to open the door, but Castiel didn’t like that. It was a bit arduous for the driver to get off to open the door and then to go up again, so Castiel tried to avoid making him do such task.
“Hello, Cas,” Ellen says turning to Castiel. She hugs him, something that Castiel wasn’t expecting by the shocking look he shoots at Dean. But Castiel hugs Ellen back and he smiles. Dean smiles at well. “Good to see you boy. I’m glad you came.”
Besides, Cas was a fucking angel of the lord. There was no way he could ever feel the way Dean felt about him. Angels weren’t supposed to fall in love, and even if they could, they wouldn’t fall for fucked up hunters whose only purpose in life is to kill monsters.
Castiel kisses him and smiles. As he walks away from the greenhouse Dean watches him, with a grin on his face. He is really happy. If someone told him that he would get something like this back when he was twenty something, he wouldn’t have believed it.
Dean chuckles. “Look at us. The two of us being rebels and living in a way that was considered something shameful or disgusting for the ones that were around us.”
Dean licked his rim, making sure that Castiel felt it, and it was maddening. Castiel fisted the sheets and rubbed his cock against the sheets, alternating his movement in between Dean’s mouth and the friction of the sheets against his cock, moaning Dean’s name loudly.
Eventually, Castiel pulled away, telling Dean that it was his time to go. Dean kissed him and nodded and they began to get dressed. They went downstairs and walked towards the kitchen, where the backyard door was. Castiel was about to kiss Dean, but Dean stopped him and grabbed something from a bowl.
Dean sits down on the ground, too, next to Castiel, and covers himself with the blanket. “It’s fucking December and you’re out here wanting to see the sunrise. You’re fucking nuts.”
Castiel takes a deep breath, feeling irritated. “Well, this is…” Castiel starts to say, but then he stops and touches Dean’s shoulder. “Dean.”
Dean falls onto the floor, his legs failing him. He can’t go on. He can’t. His heart hurts too much. He should be used to such pain after having his heart broken and tore away too many times, but this pain is just too much.
Dean started to climb the house without any trouble at all and he soon reached Castiel’s bedroom window. He stood on the ledge of the window and he saw that Cas was in his bed, already sleeping. Dean started to knock on the window, loud enough for Cas but low enough for no one else in the house to hear it. After a few knockings, Castiel got up from his bed and walked towards the window to open it.
“Here,” Sam says offering him another gauze. Dean looks at him. He doesn’t know when Sam showed up in the bathroom. Dean nods and picks up the gauze, cleaning that terrible wound. “Do you need anything else?” His voice is heartbreaking and shaking. Dean makes a grimace. He can’t even talk; there’s a limp in his throat and his tongue feels too heavy and useless. He looks at the wound, wishing that it could simply stop for once. Cas is losing too much blood, and that isn’t good. “Dean?”
“From Dad, from Lucifer, from everything,” Sam adds. “I didn't always like it, you know, but... it's the one thing in the whole world that I could always count on.” Sam starts crying then, and Dean knows he is going to be crying soon too. “It's the only thing I've ever known that was true. So please... put the gun away.”
The night was chill and the breeze didn’t caress Castiel’s face gently, but he didn’t mind it. The night sky was covered with dark clouds, hiding the shining stars, but the moon could be seen, shining brightly, painting the forest in blue shades with white gleams. His horse rode as fast as he could, decelerating once Dean’s house could be seen in the distance.
By the time they talk to the last family, Dean and Castiel drive towards a Chinese restaurant, grab some take out, and head back to the motel to eat together. Cas still protests every once in a while about the taste of molecules on certain foods, but overall, he eats most of the food Dean and Sam eat. He also seems to enjoy a lot anything that Dean cooks, something that Dean secretly loves.
“How could I tell you that, Cas? You are fucking awesome. You are a neurosurgeon, an artist, so handsome, so smart, so nice, a bit awkward and sometimes a bit of a dick, but—” Both of them chuckle with that. “But you are awesome.” He looks at Cas with all the love of his heart and Cas makes a tiny timid smile. “And what was I? Just a fucking whore. I didn’t deserve you. You were too good for me.”
“What?” Dean says with a full mouth. He swallows the food before he keeps talking, “You’re not the only one allowed to moan over food.”
He is in love with Dean, he has been it for an eternity, or what it feels like it. He doesn’t know when it happened, but it happened. But Dean just sees him as a friend, and if that’s what Dean wants, Castiel will respect it. He will do whatever that makes Dean happy. Dean will never return Castiel’s feelings; Castiel isn’t good enough for Dean. After all, Dean is the righteous man and Castiel is just a fallen angel who has screwed things up more than anyone in this universe.
“And you are such a sassy son of a bitch,” he snaps sweetly. Both of them laugh. “Okay, I’ll park right there,” he says pointing with his head the free spot.
“You know I’m older than him, right?” Sam asks annoyed. Dean knows how much his little brother hates that he still treats him like a little kid. But Sam has grown up a lot, and he had to grow up fast too, but not as fucking fast as Dean, not at that scary speed. He had  a proper childhood, but when Sam became a teenager, he had to grow up fast and he was the one who faced John first.
Future Cas leans slightly so they can share a lazy but tender kiss. When they are done, present Cas meets Dean’s lips and they share a kiss that is also lazy and tender.
. He looks at the file perplexed. Dean made a video? Seriously? He was expecting something very different from this, to be honest. He has already opened the envelope, so it would be a nonsense to not play the video right now. Castiel takes a deep breath and clicks on the video, wondering what the content might be.
Dean threatens the leviathan to shoot him if he doesn’t help them find the blossom, so the leviathan agrees to show them where it is, but before he starts walking, Dean asks him if he knows where Benny is. The leviathan tells him that Benny died years ago, ripped by his own kind.
“Everything?” Like ignoring us?” He knows he is being mean, but he doesn’t care because Cas hurt him badly. Because Cas chose to leave him for the millionth time.
“Dean,” Cas says softly, and Dean is hoping that he will finally say something about the real problem and not about the game. “It's your move.”
“Because you love me.” Dean simply answers. Castiel closes his eyes. His chest is starting to feel oppressed, difficult his breathing. “And I love you too.”
Without wasting any other second, they kiss again, with the same passion as before, but there is a hint of desperation in the kiss, something that says that they are worried about what is waiting ahead of them.
Dean looked at him with a curious frown. “Why did you ask me if I thought that loving someone of the same sex was wrong, Cas?”
Dean immediately turns his face and glares Charlie, who is staring at him with an intrigued look. Of course that she knows. She has known Cas for a while, and she has seen them interact together, and Dean isn’t subtle at all, he is freaking obvious.
Dean still has a hard time accepting that there is something worthy in him. But Cas believes that there is. Dean is working hard to see himself the same way Cas sees him. It is a slow and difficult process, but he is slowly getting there.
Even though the music is really loud, Dean hopes that Cas won’t read too much into the situation, even if the lyrics are depicting what Dean feels.
“And you got a blanket because you didn’t want to stain your car,” Castiel adds, with a sassy smile.
He walks back to his room and takes his trench coat off. He wipes his face and sighs, tired and sad. He is about to get back under the sheets when his phone beeps, indicating that he has a text message.
But Dean doesn’t kiss him. He still has to keep his love in his heart locked, until he can be free to live his life. Until his dreams can be something more than just dreams.
“I mean, how the hell are we supposed to even know what we're looking for here?” Dean asks as he looks around. Everything is too damn dark, which complicates their task. “You know, Michael coulda done us a solid and drawn us a picture.”
As he opens the door, he glances at his friend, who is leaning against the wall, and sees that he is uptight and Dean is soon concerned. Did he upset him?
Castiel smirks, and for the first time in his life, he feels calm and determined to do something he should have done a long time ago. “Yes, you might be right,” he begins to say with an extremely calm that catches Naomi by surprised. “I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for you. You have been controlling my life since you discovered me and thanks to you, I’m right where we are now. But you know what?” he asks, sassily, taking a step closer. “I’m done with it. I’m done with you controlling my life, with everyone telling me what to do.” He gives her a fierce look and Naomi keeps challenging him with her cold eyes. “I’m so fucking tired of it. So I’m firing you and I’m going to live my life for the first fucking time in my life.”
“Yeah,” he said casually. He wanted to ask other things, mostly related with his feelings, but he knew he shouldn’t ask that. After all, Castiel was engaged.
“Yeah, I would have to let my hair grow and put flowers on it to become her type,” Dean jokes before he takes a sip of his coffee.
He closes the door and rests his forehead against the wooden surface, trying to calm himself, but it is useless. He rubs his face, wiping the trail of tears, and then he takes a deep breath. With shaky legs, he approaches the shower and starts it. As he waits for the water to warm up, he takes off his sweaty clothes, realizing that he didn’t bring any clean clothes, but he supposes it doesn’t matter; he can get dressed up later in the bedroom.
The only visits he got were from his friends, that is why he was surprised when one of the servants came to his bedroom, announcing that he had an unexpected visitor.
When they are done with their releases, Castiel collapses onto Dean, burying his face in the curve of his neck. Dean sinks onto the mattress. He slides down his legs, stretching them onto the mattress. He gives Cas’ hand a soft squeeze and then places the other one on Castiel’s back. They both let out a content sigh at the same time.
He only manages to control his tears when he picks up the phone and he is able to keep his voice steady. Sam tells him where he has to drive to and then hangs up. Dean barely notices the fear in his brother’s voice; he wonders if Sam could hear the despair in Dean’s voice, but he is sure he didn’t. When you spend all your life burying your feelings because you are forced to, you become an expert in pretending to be okay. You wear a mask to hide your real face so often that you wonder if that mask has embedded into your skin. You wonder if that mask is more you than your real face.
He collapses onto Cas, who slides his legs down and stretches them. Dean buries his face on Cas’ neck, feeling how both of them are panting, how they are covered in sweat and how there’s Cas’ come on both of their bellies.
Dean stares at him for a moment. “We can look for him together. We can search for some signs, news and that stuff while we’re home.”
Castiel gets his mouth out of Dean and he cleans it, then, he grabs a condom, he puts it on, he applies some lube on his cock, and he starts to fuck Dean, who moans harder and places his hands on Castiel’s blades, scratching Cas’ back a little, but without causing him any pain at all.
“I don't know.” They stop walking and Dean turns to face Sam. “Hey, you remember... remember when you asked if we could stop it? All the evil in the world?”
Castiel looks as gorgeous as he looked before in the garage. He is wearing a blazer, a white shirt and dark jeans. And his hair is a wild mess. Dean can’t help making a soft and tiny smile when Castiel arrives to the table Dean is and he sits down, in front of him.
He spends more time than usually on picking up his clothes. He might want to look pretty in front of Cas. But if he dresses a bit differently than he usually does, he will be very obvious and everyone will start teasing him and he knows that there’s going to be enough teasing already without him wearing something special.
“Your mug with coffee is in the microwave,” Castiel says. “All you have to do is heat it as much as you want.”
Dean can’t stop thinking about that moment, replaying it all the time, constantly thinking about what he should have done to get Cas out of there, so that the two of them could get out together.
“Screw you, Sammy!” Dean exclaims and he kicks his brother leg under the table, but it only makes Sam’s laughter increase and Castiel starts laughing too. “You had to tell that, huh?”
Dean leans in an angry way to kiss Castiel. It is a dirty and desperate kiss, but both of them enjoy it. Castiel nails his fingers in Dean’s shoulders, and soon, he moves his hands to place them in Dean’s hair, running them in a frustrated way as Dean’s kisses start to move from his mouth to his neck.
“No problem,” Sam said. “I got you this,” he added as he handed him a book. Castiel grabbed it and gave it a curious look. “That’s where I found about that law. You should read it to know how to deal with all the legal and political stuff. I’m pretty sure you’re aware of most of it, but it doesn’t hurt to know a little bit more.”
Suddenly, someone knocks on the door and Dean turns his face to look at the doorstep. “Hello, Dean,” Castiel says.
Castiel smiles and pecks his lips. “I can’t read you mind, Dean. It’s just that I know you so well.”
Dean wants to tell her to fuck off, to tell her that she is lying, but instead, he remains quiet, holding the tears in his eyes. He wants to believe that what she said are lies, but she is telling him the truth. Cas always leaves, no matter what, and he never tries to stay in contact, using any excuse about how Naomi would avoid it. Everything Naomi has told him are things that Dean has always suspected and now are being confirmed by her. Part of him knows that she’s manipulating him, but another part knows that she is right. The pieces are putting themselves together, revealing Dean a truth he has always refused to believe.
He finds Cas putting some leafs inside a jar. Dean watches him with a smile. The sky is cloudy, but the rays of sun that leak through those clouds and end up in the greenhouse,  make Castiel look more gorgeous than he already is.
“Are we going to stop for lunch before we go to the morgue?” Castiel asks, dragging Dean away from his thoughts again.
Castiel swims for a while, until he feels the muscles of his body getting tired, that’s when he decides to step out of the sea and go back to Dean. He walks slowly, his legs feeling numb as he walks. It is a funny feeling. After swimming and floating on the sea, it feels almost as if his legs have momentarily forgotten how to walk. But the moment his feet abandon the sea, his legs seem to have remembered the motion.
“No. The moment you shower it will fade away. And I’m quite sure that your sweat will make it fade away as well,” Castiel answers without stopping the brushstrokes.
“No, you’re not,” Dean insists, more sure this time. This isn’t Cas; this is something different. “You’re something that the magic in the relics created.”
“I like my car,” Castiel protests annoyed. Dean is always messing with his car. It might not be a nice car as Dean’s Impala, but Castiel still likes his car. “And why are you lending us your Impala?”
Castiel chuckles. “Assbutt.” He cups Dean’s face and they share a sweet kiss that makes Dean make little, happy moans. “What are you doing for dinner?”
Castiel sighs, happily and rolls to his side, freeing Dean, who quickly gets out of bed, just in case Cas changes his mind. “You are the best, Dean. You are what you humans wrongly call, an angel.”
“Sorry I made it longer by coming here later than usually.” Dean apologizes with a sorrow grimace. Poor Cas had a long day and he had to wait for him, even for having dinner.
“No. I didn’t. I knew things weren’t right with him, but I didn’t expect him to do something like that.”
Dean bites his lower lip guiltily, and old habit of his and he shakes his head. “Not really.” He sounds a bit frustrated, but then, he chuckles. “Fuck, do we need a fucking movie so we can talk about something else?”
Before they get down to business, they share a kiss. Castiel slices the vegetables while Dean slices the chicken. Wraps aren’t too hard to cook and they are fun to make. Still, Dean is the one in charge with cooking the mix of vegetables and chicken in a pan. Cas watches him and Dean gives him a few notes. When it is cooked, Dean puts the mix in a bowl and grabs some tortillas to put said mix in it.
“A little. But I’m also thinking about all the times people have told me the same thing.” He offers his beer and Castiel shakes his head, so Dean drinks the remaining of the can and tosses it away. “Back when I was a teenager, I started to realize I liked boys too, but thought it was a bad thing ‘cause my dad made me think that, and it was hard for me to come to terms with the whole thing of being bisexual. Even the first times I was with a guy, I felt ashamed about how much I liked it. I liked it as much as I liked being with girls. And I felt bad about it because I was raised to believe that. It took me so long to realize there wasn’t anything bad about it. And I’m more than okay with being bisexual. Hell, I love being with you, and I love the fact that I love you and that you love me, it’s fucking awesome, I don’t feel ashamed about any of that. And I hate it when people say that being bisexual or that being in love with you is bad and disgusting. I can’t take it. And it hits me hard ‘cause you’re the best thing that’s ever happened in my life and these people try to twist things to make me feel bad about loving you, and I fucking hate it.”
“Of course I’m gonna do that!” He joins Castiel’s chuckles. Fuck, this feels great, as if they were a couple, and it is so heartwarming and happy. Dean is going to treasure this moment because it feels so natural and good that he loves it so much.
Sam nods and makes an agreement pout. “We thought about letting people know once I’m fully settled in,” Castiel murmurs.
Before he turns around, Dean remembers to get the vial with Cas’ grace. He needs to find a place to keep it. Maybe he can wear it as a necklace. But until then, he needs to keep it somewhere.
There’s a small silence in between them. The only sound coming from the nature. Dean likes the quietness of the place. If this house wasn’t in the outskirts of Sioux Falls, it wouldn’t be this quiet.
“Hey. Wait a second,” Sam says when they reach Cas, who pauses and turns around to face them. “Where you off to?”
Dean can’t believe this is his life. He never pictured coming back from a fair with his brother and with his boyfriend and eating strawberries. He thought that his life was always going to be only about hunting, that he was never going to get something like this. He is glad that he was wrong.
Dean makes an acid laughter. “Yeah, sure.” He moves his gaze away. He feels uncomfortable when someone praises him. He isn’t used to hear compliments. “You say that because you are a terrible cook.”
“Castiel,” Lucifer said with his pompous voice. “I’m sorry, Your Highness.” He made a fake reverence and Castiel couldn’t help rolling his eyes.
Dean searches for the footage from last night, and the moment he finds the footage that shows he and Cas walking in, running from Billie, he immediately presses play and drinks the last of his beer before opening another bottle.
He throws him to the floor. This time, Cas can’t stand up nor fight. Dean rolls him until he can see his face. Cas is almost unconscious and he is coughing up blood. His angel blade has slipped up from his sleeve, and the Mark is pleased at seeing that weapon, so it makes Dean take it.
Dean walks around until he finds the dayroom. Cas is there, with his back to the entrance. Dean looks at him and takes a deep breath.
“I wasn’t gonna ask you that,” he snaps. And it is the truth; he was going to tell him that if he wasn’t sleeping, maybe he could make him a hot chocolate, which is something that always helped Sam to get back to sleep as a kid.
This is the safest way for Dean to tell Cas that he loves him. He doesn’t know what will happen next, if Cas will realize what the mixtape means and then have a conversation with Dean that will either lead to Cas’ rejection or Cas returning his feelings, or if Cas will not get the meaning or if he will ignore what the mixtape represents.
“You are welcome.” He kisses Dean again, sweetly, and Dean’s heart keeps skipping beats. This feels as if they were a couple. Cas knew what Dean wanted, what Dean liked. And Castiel loves all Dean’s presents as well. Dean is more than happy. “And thank you for your awesome presents as well.”
Dean rolls his hips slowly at first, sharing sweet kisses with Castiel. Then, he increases the speed of his thrusts, and both of them moan and groan at the feeling. His body slides onto Cas perfectly, as if they were two pieces of a puzzle that slot together perfectly. His hips roll steadily, increasing his pace, fucking in and out of Cas eagerly, almost desperately, matching the rhythm of Castiel’s hips.
They run back to the Impala, being quite careful with their steps, not wanting to slip. The shovels are uncomfortable to carry as they run, but they don’t stop at all.
“I suppose it is,” Dean says shrugging. They look at each other, like they used to do a long time ago; just staring without saying a word, without noticing how time passes by. The sea meeting the woods. Their eyes are saying so many things right now, but they don’t understand the language hidden in each other’s eyes anymore. “Is it too late to say that I’m sorry?” He says with a heartbreaking voice. Dean can feel his eyes getting glassier and burning.
Sam rolls his eyes and gives him a bitch face. “Since never. But you clearly have feelings for Cas. We all saw it last week. And knowing that you two are together—”
The ex-angel makes a tiny, soft smile and Dean melts. He places his hands on top of Castiel’s lacing their fingers together. He sighs and ducks his face, feeling embarrassed. Cas always puts up with all his crap. Dean knows he is broken, and he knows that Cas is well aware of that fact, and yet, there he is, calming Dean, being patient with him and helping him.
It is a song that doesn’t suit Dean. He usually sings rock songs, even if they are ballads, they are from rock. But this song sounds so indie for Dean, so sweet and slow. Castiel never imagined Dean singing something like this. It’s not Dean’s style. And yet, Dean’s voice sounds beautiful.
“Yes. Although if you insist too much in some particular spot, I might shake my leg and hit you accidentally.” He warns.
Every night that Dean is in his bedroom, he prays to Cas, and it all feels just like Purgatory, only that this time Dean has no idea about where Cas is and he can’t promise him to find him. Here on Earth, Dean can’t fight his way against monsters to find information about Cas’ whereabouts. Here on Earth, Dean is condemned to wait for Cas’ return.
“I know it isn’t something that he likes too much, but—” Dean takes a deep breath and looks down at the envelope. “But this way I know he will see it.”
Castiel walks towards the cupboard and gets himself a glass. Before he sits in front of Dean, Dean grabs the empty glass and pours him a generous quantity of whiskey. Castiel immediately takes a sip. Dean watches him drink, admiring how his apple bobbles as he drinks.
“When I came to the bunker that night,” Cas begins to say as he sits down on the bed, next to Dean. “I knew that I wasn’t going to find the Dean Winchester I knew. And when I saw you, I could see that, because I could see your soul, corrupted by the darkness of the Mark of Cain. However, I could still see a small part of the real you in your soul, still fighting against the Mark’s corruption. So I tried to reach to that part of your soul that was still the real you, but unfortunately, the Mark had a tighter grip on you than I had anticipated.”
“Are we going to buy Christmas gifts?” Castiel asks with curiosity and Dean can detect a hint of excitement in his voice.
The door opens and Charlie gets in. He looks at Dean expectantly, with a silent question in her eyes that Dean answers by shaking his head and letting out a couple more tears. “Oh, Dean,” Charlie says devastated and walking towards him to pull him into a hug, and Dean’s crying intensifies. “I’m so sorry,” she says, her voice cracking. She places her hand on Dean’s hair and tightens her grip. “I’m so, so sorry.”
“I know that Dean needs someone, but you need someone too,” Castiel remarks with an obvious face. The kettle starts to sound and Castiel quickly removes it from the stove, pouring the boiling water in his mug.
“Knowing one thing and proving the same thing it’s not the same, Dean,” Sam said, trying to keep his brother calmed down. Castiel knew that Dean was still a bit disturbed by the whole thing and he was sure that Sam had noticed it too. “Just because we know what they’re up to, doesn’t mean that’s solid proof. We have guesses, even if we’re aware what Meg being Lucifer’s lover involves. But that isn’t enough to arrest them and much less to convict them. You need solid proof. You need a witness that can prove that they plan on killing Cas. But for now, all we know is that they are sleeping together and that Lucifer asks Meg about Cas.”
“Hey,” Dean says, grabbing Cas’ hand and caressing the inner of his wrist. “You’re right, okay?” He tries to sound as soft as possible. He doesn’t like it when he and Cas argue. They barely argue. Sometimes they get a small pissed off moment, but that’s all, nothing too serious. “I just wanted us to get a bed, y’know? Something comfortable. Sleeping in the Impala can be painful.”
“Not a single hello or merry Christmas?” Dean asks sassily and arching his eyebrow. He knows that Ellen is teasing him, but he likes to follow her lead. “I’m glad you only love me for that.”
Castiel slides his sore legs down Dean’s body until he can stretch them, panting as well. His chest goes up and down with every breath he takes, Dean moving along with it. The ex-angel gives Dean’s hands a light squeeze, and Dean smiles against his husband’s face, returning the soft squeeze.
Dean knew things weren’t going to go easy in between them, but he wasn’t expecting Cas to end things this quickly. “Cas, just—”
“Please, call me Jamie. Miss Armstrong makes me feel extremely old. I’m old, but not that much,” she protests with a beautiful smile. Dean can’t help chuckling. “Where is that beautiful boyfriend of yours?”
Dean can’t take his eyes of his boyfriend, he is so fucking beautiful. Every time he has to tilt his head up and moan his name, Dean pulls him closer and tries to kiss his mouth. It comes a moment when Cas cups his face and presses their foreheads together. Their eyes are locked and Dean’s hands come to his lover’s back, holding him as Cas never stops moving. They breathe into each other, feeling their bodies being just one.
However his pain quickly turns into anger as he realizes that Cas is dead because of Jack, the Nephilim. So Dean stands up, and with gun in his hand, he goes towards the house, ready to kill the person who got Cas killed. Cas fought to let Jack be born, and that got Cas dead.
Dean kicked his leg. “Dick.” He huffed and rolled his eyes. “I wish I could’ve known sooner, y’know?”
“Babe, I’m really good at anything that involves touching you.” He smirks and Cas shakes his other leg, trying to kick him. “Don’t be such a child.”
Dean keeps crying and crying. The sounds of his wails break the silence in the dungeon, but it only manages to accentuate the loneliness and the devastation.
“Right now they are telling me to fuck off,” he says with a serious pout. Castiel makes an agreement face and his friend chuckles. “But before that, they were telling me that Dean of yours is more than a fuck buddy to you.”
Cas has a really long and thick cock, but Dean keeps swallowing it all, from the top to the bottom, pressing it hard against his throat, moaning when that happens. Then, Dean starts to play with the head of it, making circles with his tongue, sucking the head of the cock with enthusiasm.
Cas gets the first finger easily and Dean mewls and closes his eyes, feeling how Cas gets his finger deeper. Suddenly, a second finger gets in and Cas is also wrapping his lips around the head of his cock. Dean opens his eyes and gasps.
“Hey, you all right?” Dean asks worried. He looks how the moonlight paints Cas’ skin. He looks paler with it, but he looks so beautiful. Even his eyes look more stunning than usually with the moonlight. Cas is really beautiful.
“Shut up, assbutt,” he protests, chuckling and punching Dean, who laughs. “Deep down you agree with me.”
Dean doesn’t know what to do but hold Cas in his arms. This shouldn’t be happening at all. All he can do is watch in horror.
“No, you are definitely not a ridiculous idiot.” Castiel says smiling. He pushes Dean down, until he is sitting on his lap and he kisses him passionately. “Thank you so much Dean.” Castiel says so happy.
He walks back to the fridge, taking a quick look at Cas, whose eyes are fixed on the coffee maker, almost glaring it for making him wait for his dose of caffeine. Dean opens the freezer and grabs an ice cube, feeling the sharp coldness of it. Then, he quickly walks towards Cas and presses a kiss on his cheek before he slips the ice cube under Cas’ t-shirt.
“Yeah, Sam I know.” Dean says rising his hand to stop Sam from talking. “That was pretty hard, I’ve got enough for a year or so.” He says. Sam grimaces him. “But if something happens, or if I need some advice, I’ll tell you.”
Dean’s left knee has started to hurt on some humid days. Things of getting older. “No, it didn’t. You know it only hurts when it’s fucking humid and it rains a lot.”
The ex-angel keeps adding more fingers inside Dean, stretching them inside him, loosening the muscle. By the time he has four fingers buried inside Dean, he touches his prostate and Dean lets out a loud moan and fucks into Cas’ slender fingers, searching for that feeling again. Castiel doesn’t tease him and touches that spot again before pulling them away.
The summer breeze gets into the Impala and caresses their sweaty skins. It’s too damn hot outside and the sun keeps shining bright. Dean turns his eyes from the road to take a quick look at Cas, who is looking through the window and his fingers are drumming on his thigh, following the beat of the music. Dean can’t help smiling when Cas catches his stare and blushes.
Dean gets so angry that he yells and tells them that he shouldn’t have come back. Then, he throws the books on the table to the floor, scattering. He knows he is getting his anger and his frustration get the better of him, but he is just so tired of things falling apart once they get too close to anything.
Dean nods and walks away. The sound of Castiel’s door being closed sounds behind him and Dean doesn’t look back. He never looks back. Just in case; he doesn’t want to do something stupid. Because that’s what he is, a stupid guy who has fallen for Castiel.
They come at the same time. Dean falls onto the headboard and Castiel falls onto him. Their bodies are trembling, they are panting and they are covered with sweat. Dean gets his fingers out of Castiel, who whines at the loss and Dean presses his hand on Cas’ hip, pulling him closer.
“Awesome.” Dean grinned and got his hands on Castiel’s hips, pulling him closer. Castiel immediately smiled and blushed at the contact and he rested his hands on Dean’s shoulders. “I’ll go to the city tomorrow and I’ll tell Sam and also Charlie.”
“Cas?” Dean asks, worried and scared as Cas drops onto his knees, still shaking uncontrollably.  He falls onto the floor, and keeps shaking uncontrollably. It doesn’t look good and Dean is fucking scared. “Cas?” Dean asks again. His hand is holding Cas in place, not wanting to let him go. Then Cas stops shaking and lies still onto the floor, unconscious. “Cas!” Dean exclaims. He cups Cas’ face, wanting to get any reaction from him. He doesn’t care about the tenderness or the desperation of his touch. “Hey.” He shakes him desperately, wanting Cas to wake up.
“You aren’t gonna do anything to me because you don’t want to wake him up,” he whispers cockily before leaving the bedroom.
Castiel gets out of Dean, who thinks Cas might have thrown away the condom, but he isn’t sure; he is still panting and his eyes are closed. What Dean knows is that Cas kisses his back and presses his cheek on it. He even embraces tightly Dean’s waist.
Dean used to drive for hours and sleep in the Impala while Sam drove and then wake up to drive some more, but now, he is over forty, and his eyesight isn’t what it used to be and his eyes get tired quicker than before. Not to mention that his body aches every time he sleeps in the car, especially his back and neck.
Castiel tries to make a mad grimace but he ends up making an adorable face, trying to fight back a smile. “You are an assbutt.”
Castiel hums. “How about if I tell you about how stars are born and how galaxies are formed and the universe in itself?”
The walk back to the Novak’s house is spent in silence. They always walk back to their houses in silence, exhausted from the make out session and holding their hands until they can see the Novak’s house the moment they turn the corner.
“Just let it go, Cas. It’s some stupid human thing that doesn’t matter.” He doesn’t miss his brother’s silent questioning look and Dean gives him a warning glare that makes his brother chuckle. “Okay, then, let’s talk about those zombies, because when have we not talked about monsters while eating?” He makes a wicked smile.
“You make it look as if you didn’t adore the fact that I do enjoy it,” he snaps with a challenging smirk.
He is soon back leaning onto Dean and he gets one finger inside him. Dean gasps and fucks into it, making Cas smirk. The second finger comes in easily, loosening the tightness. His movements are slow, but it feels really good. Dean likes it when they go slow as much as he likes it when they go fast. It doesn’t matter how they do it, if they fuck or if they make love; it always feels awesome.
Dean pulled his face from the curve of Castiel’s neck and they kissed, tenderly and lazily, feeling each other’s smiles into the kiss. Those were some of Castiel’s favorite kisses.
“You just want to watch the country burn like Nero did in the old Rome. That isn’t ruling. That is love for destruction. You only think about yourself. Your thirst comes from power and death. How can you think that qualifies you as a King?”
Castiel puts the omelette on a plate and he walks towards the kitchen table, where the salad is already waiting for him. He eats in silence, like he always does. He could put some music, but of course, every single song reminds him of Dean. From Queen to Mozart. It doesn’t matter if the lyrics don’t have to do with love, or if there aren’t lyrics at all.
“Do you think he will be fine one day?” Sam asks with a trembling voice. Dean thinks that if he opens his eyes, he will see his little brother with glassy eyes.
Castiel smiles. That beautiful smile of his. “Hello, Dean.” There’s a small silence that they spend looking at each other’s eyes. Old habits die hard, so they say. “Do you want to go somewhere in particular?”
Castiel sighs. “I would appreciate it, but I don’t think my clothes are already dried.” He makes a grimace. His eyes wander through the terrace, seeing how the rain keeps falling heavily.
The woman smiles. “Don’t worry, I’ve heard much worse,” she says as she writes down Dean’s order. “And for you sir?”
Castiel tilts his head up and looks at Dean’s eyes. “I have to do things in the greenhouse, like plant new seeds, check out the plants and stuff like that. Sorry.”
There’s an unusual cold getting over Dean, something that wakes him up. He turns his face and he sees that Cas’ side is empty. Dean frowns at it in the darkness of the bedroom. He turns his face to the other side and he sees that Cas is sitting on a chair, looking through the window.
No one of them moves while they recover their breaths. Their hands are still joined and their foreheads are still pressed together. Suddenly, Cas smiles and he starts to press little kisses on Dean’s lips. The green eyed man is soon smiling too, adoring the little giggles Castiel makes.
Castiel smiles because right now, he can’t answer him with words. His stomach hurts from laughter, but he doesn’t care. The sound of this hysterical laughter seems weird and even unrecognizable to him after so many years of not hearing it. He takes a deep breath as he tries to calm down his laugh. “You should see yourself,” Castiel says, still laughing. He wipes a tear from his eye, a tear from happiness. That’s even odder.
“But then he got his revenge and he put glue on stuff and dye my underwear in pink,” Dean says as he glares at Sam, who laughs at the memory. “And don’t get me started with the pranks.”
For a moment, Dean pulls away his mouth from Cas, leaving some space in between their faces. He looks at Cas, who is panting and flushed. Dean looks at those eyes, overflowing warmth. He places his hand on Castiel’s face, cupping it, caressing with his thumb his cheek, without taking his green eyes from the blue ones that are looking back at him. It is as if they were saying with them what they can’t say with words. Castiel’s hand goes to Dean’s and he presses his palm against the back of Dean’s hand, fingers interlacing together. Dean doesn’t waste more time and he kisses Cas again, as he pulls away their hands from Cas’ face, keeping them locked together.
“We happen to enjoy the same books, and it is nice to find someone who I can discuss literature with.”
“I told you, Castiel is bound to the Empty because of that deal. The cosmic entity has him hidden and I can’t find him at all. The deal he made is what has given the Empty enough power to keep him hidden, even from me.”
The movie ends sooner that Dean expects. He blinks perplexed when Sam stops it and puts the DVD back in its box. If Sam hadn’t stopped it, Dean is sure that he would have stared to the screen during the long credits.
“Trust me, it makes sense,” Dean says with a grimace. “We’re not only trapped, we’re isolated. Awesome, fucking awesome.” He turns around, shaking his head in frustration. “How are we gonna get the things we need for the spell if we’re isolated?”
The moment they have their weapons, they both realize that Rose and Seth have stopped arguing. They can hear someone coming down the stairs, probably wanting to check on Dean and Cas.
Castiel and Dean pulled away and looked at the direction where the voice came from. Castiel’s blood froze the moment he had heard that voice, but he was hoping that his mind was playing tricks on him, but it wasn’t; in front of them there was his Father, looking angrier than in his whole life. He had caught Dean and Castiel kissing, and his face was full of disgust and rage.
Dean closes his eyes and tries to push all those thoughts away, trying to only think about how good it feels to be like this with Cas. He kisses him, until both of them moan. When Dean opens his eyes, he can see the love and the lust that fills Castiel’s eyes. And Dean wants to cry, he really wants to, but he holds his tears and keeps moving his hand with Castiel along their cocks, rubbing and pressing them together, searching for friction desperately.
The moment Cas’ chest is freed from that shirt, Dean displaces his mouth from Cas’ neck to his chest, kissing it sweetly, admiring the beauty of it. This time they can relish the moment, not like the first time, when everything happened so fast and so rushed; now they can take their sweet time. That’s why Dean worships with his mouth Cas’ perfect torso, enjoying the sounds the fallen angel makes and how he digs his nails on Dean’s scalp the moment Dean’s tongue licks his nipple. Cas freaking shivers and moans really loud. With his thumb, Dean caresses the other nipple and for a moment Cas seems breathless.
Dean hummed in agreement. “I’ve seen your face a lot of times, so I know all of your features.” He immediately blushed after those words. Castiel did, too. “Wanna see it?” he asked timidly.
“I know,” Cas says as he takes the beer Dean gives him. “But I can watch the stars better from the stairs.”
Dean chuckles. Yes, he remembers saying that and he remembers how embarrassed he felt after saying it. “Damn, I wanted to sew my mouth for saying that out loud.”
Bobby shrugs. “Dean’s fault.”  He looks directly at Dean. “Don’t cook that well so I ain’t eating it all.”
“Me.” Dean says as he searches in the bag for the two gifts. “This isn’t wrapped, because I wasn’t going to wrap a pie.” He starts to say as he blushes.
“I can’t sleep on my back or my left side,” Dean explains. “It’s uncomfortable.” To further explain, he points at his wound.
“I do. But you enjoy them. I’m sure that watching one will make you feel better. And it is a good way to make you follow the doctor’s instructions and take some rest.”
When they pull away, Dean is blushing and smiling as if he finally kissed his crush after hiding his emotions for so long. Castiel is like Dean too. “See you then, Dean,” Castiel says.
“Okay,” Dean mumbles, pulling his hand away from Cas. “Just be careful. And call if you need anything.”
The bedroom was silent except for the chirping of the birds outside. It was quiet and peaceful, and Castiel loved it as much as Dean did.
“I’m fine, don’t worry,” he says careless and looks back at the city. “I can see my hotel from here.”
“Cas, don’t you dare make that deal!” Dean yells, with tears in his eyes that get mixed with the rivers of blood. Right now, the pain the Empty is inflicting to him is nothing compared to the pain he is feeling in his chest by knowing that Cas is one again willing to sacrifice himself in order to save Dean. “I’m not let—”
“Assbutt,” he murmurs. Dean smiles. “I should start calling you something different instead of ‘assbutt’, because you enjoy it.”
“Yeah, sure,” Sam says, not too pleased. He takes a long sip of his beer and he looks away from his brother.
Fireworks keep being exploded into the night sky in different colors and in different shapes. Castiel keeps smiling in that beautiful way and Dean’s hand itches with the urge to grab Castiel’s hand and tangle their fingers together.  But he puts his hand inside his leather jacket’s pocket to avoid any temptation.
“Do you see anyone around here?” He arches his brow. “It’s two a.m., everyone’s sleeping and we’re alone.” He kisses Castiel, deeply, loving how Castiel moans into it. He manages to pull down Castiel’s pants and then he sneaks his hands under the elastic band of his boxers. “Just try to be quiet,” he adds with a smirk.
Sam clears his throat, but neither of them pays him any attention. “You look awesome,” Dean says when they pull away, loving the way Cas’ eyes shine brightly and the pretty pink shade of his flush that has appeared.
“Yeah,” he says with an agreement face. He runs one hand through his hair, messing it. “You do know that I left him because I didn’t want dad to hurt him, right?”
And now, he has lost Dean forever, and it’s his fault. Because he never told him how he felt, because he always left, because it was easier for him to go back to his life, the one he hates, than to pursue what he truly wants, because he is too afraid of getting himself hurt in the process. And at the end, he got hurt, and the worst of all is that he hurt Dean too.
