Steve was barely awake when his cell began chiming beside his head. He was tempted to just ignore it with the fuzz of morphine still present in his brain but something about the call felt urgent. He picked it up, opened the call and placed it beside his ear.
As it happened, Tony did not actually know where Steve lived but thank the Gods for their extensive employee database he had access to.
“Yeah, it just means you’re not interested in having sex. It’s totally normal and valid so you’re not broken and you’re not a freak.” The squeeze he gave Steve’s hands was so reassuring.
“Excuse you?!”
He sighed, leaning his face up the the slowly lightening sky. It looked somewhat akin to prayer but spoke to Barton instead of God, "Fine, I'll help but I'll report to nobody but you. And they can't snoop in my life. If that's not going to work then we can leave here now like it never happened."
Natasha spoke first, the least emotionally invested, "He got shot."
They left the room awkwardly with Tony continually trying to tease and flirt with Steve but the larger man was just desperate to flee the crime scene before they got caught. Within minutes they were both miles from the precinct, heading home in an opposite direction with the other one on the mind.
“It’s a prosthetic?” Steve peered up at the man.
"So what do you need me for anyway?" Cap asked, turning away from the sitting man and up to Fury. "It won't take long, right?"
His muscles were accentuated by the tight shirt he wore. Steve wasn’t vain by any means but Bucky always told him to wear it when heading out and Steve trusted his best friend’s opinion. The less said about his tight, tight jeans the better. He grabbed his trusty, faded leather jacket and keys before slipping out the door. Slamming, it felt like a solid certainty which he couldn’t take back.
Clint knew one last ditch attempt to convert his mentor, "You'd still be free, Cap." He slipped in the familiar nickname, "You'd have to report maybe once a week max. You'd be given assignments then you can go and come back when it's done. Nobody will be on your back and no corporation will own you."
"Sorry! Sorry! I really need to be less clumsy. It's terribly embarrassing!"
He was rummaging around the dimly lit cupboards when he heard a soft groan that made him freeze. If someone had broken in again he’d absolutely flip. Hand holding a packet of tea, he didn’t move and a further groan permeated the room. He darted up as quickly as his bruised and aching body would allow and followed the noise.
Steve was nervous; his palms were sweaty and he was glad he didn’t have to speak as he could feel dryness in his mouth so could only imagine the difficulty in speech. The soldier didn’t mind talking to large groups but his deafness wasn’t something commonly known yet which, he was certain, might make for an awkward interview. SHIELD had offered to release a statement when he first joined the team but Steve didn’t want to make a big song and dance over something he considered so everyday. Why should they have to announce his deafness when they’ll find out naturally anyways; he was tired of always been a spectacle.
Phantom limb pain (PLP) refers to ongoing painful sensations that seem to be coming from the part of the limb that is no longer there. The limb is gone, but the pain is real.
Steve laughed and he couldn’t stop the smile from breaking out onto his lips. Never had anyone every tried to make even half the effort for him. Tony grinned back and winked across the table at him.
It wasn’t clear to the other colleagues in the precinct which man started the fight but all they knew was 10 minutes after Rogers had been called into the briefing room both men were on the floor wrestling out their differences. Unfortunately, neither man heard Captain Fury storming into the room until he made his presence known. The other detectives in the office pretended to be oblivious to the event but secretly a few of them had just won an office bet: Rogers and Stark would fight before the month was up.
Usually on movie night Fridays, Tony would stumble in, always wearing an old tank top, after a night long bender, and fall into the couch next to Steve. It would usually be cold and Steve would always be right there, all soft and warm, pressed up against him. And Tony was many things but resistant to temptation, he was not. Steve was always so warm, and his thin hoodie would just be lying around, and Tony just couldn’t resist shivering and wearing it and then using it as an excuse to cuddle up to Steve. It smelled so safe. Like home. So what if he ensured that he always ended up wearing the same old tank so he would undoubtedly end up feeling cold? Steve's cuddles made him feel warm. Safe. Cared for. And it wasn't hurting anybody if he cuddled with him once a week, in the dark, right? Yeah, right. Steve had clearly figured it out if this gift was anything to go by.
He knew he had screwed up somewhere. He wasn’t just imagining Tony’s hopeful eyes and soft private smiles that he dearly treasured. He just needed to figure out how to make things right. He couldn’t lose yet another chance, not now, not again. A part of him really believed that Tony did feel something for him.
crush and move on. Good thing Tony hadn’t followed through on Pepper’s suggestion. He was glad Steve had been the first to exchange his present and clarify a few things to his stupid heart. Thank god for small mercies. What if Tony had gotten carried away with the holiday spirit and blurted out something stupid and emotional and full of
Tony nodded and pasted a small smile on his face as Steve bounced up and down with uncontained excitement.
“Bye, gotta go. See you later.” And then Steve was gone, having rushed out of the workshop after having dropped that bombshell on Tony. Fine, just fine. He could just design armor upgrades for whoever it was. Can’t go wrong with that. Tony would be fine, there was no way Secret Santa could screw him over.
Tony looked up to see Steve approaching him, with a nervous but determined expression on his face. It hurt to look at him, knowing he didn’t feel the same. All he wanted was to be left alone in peace. Steve, no doubt, had noticed something was wrong, maybe even picked up on Tony’s feelings what with the way he had hightailed it out of there, and probably wanted to talk it all out. Ugh. He knew how that was gonna end. Polite but firm rejection and a promise to be friends forever, thrown in the mix. He threw back the rest of his drink as Steve came to a stop in front of him.
But that’s all it was. Tony totally had it under control. He totally didn’t agree to stupid things such as team bonding just to see that smile. Nope, it was all under control.
Okay, it was time. He could do this. All he needed was to grab a pen first.
“I knew it, I knew you liked those books.” Steve said triumphantly as he tried unsuccessfully to make yet another loop.
“JARVIS, find me a recipe for Christmas cake, stat. I need to make the perfect cake.” Because what better way to a man’s heart than with food. Steve loved food. Tony loved Steve and he loved to build and invent, sure, this was no tech but how hard could it really be? Except-
“You haven’t answered my question yet. Will you be fulfilling this voucher as well?”, Steve insisted as he nipped at Tony’s lower lip.
"Oh I'm sorry, did me taking a nap before signing off my life to a total stranger get in the way of your precious schedule?" Tony bit back irritably as he stumbled through a shower and changed into his tux.
Steve smiled shyly at him and handed him a piece of paper that was clutched in his hands.
Steve was unable to quite mask the hurt on his face as he watched Tony flirt with a junior agent whose name he couldn’t remember.
"Oh my god, really? You would have made an adorable boy scout, bet no one would have been able to refuse those puppy eyes." Tony's words led to a slow blush spread across Grant's cheeks.
"Oh um, I'm an artist.", Grant admitted, his cheeks still quite warm. It made Tony want to reach up and bite those perfect dimples and whisper sweet nothings in his ear to see how far the blush would go.
"Everything I told you but my name was the truth. And the answer to your question is that Howard wouldn't let me. He was afraid I would drive you way with my stupid antics. But what excuse do you have? Not like you asked to meet me or couldn't have found out anything about me if you wanted."
Tony stepped forward and plucked a note from the table between the man's cold, graying hands,
"I'm not antisocial... just cautiously private."
Once on the metal steps he glanced over the edge, a three floor drop, and jumped. He braced for impact and rolled to lessen the force. Nevertheless, he had to shake himself off when he stood up. Peering back up he sighed; he was getting too old for pulling stunts like that. The moon shined down on him from above the large building.
He leant his head to rest on top of Tony’s and placed a gentle kiss against his hair. They linked their fingers together again now that they’d finished signing as both of them were more than happy to sit together in companionable silence until they drifted off to sleep.
“They were pretty common during the war and we’d been trained to keep an eye out for them. I don’t know whether I was just tired, just being sloppy or maybe it was just hidden really well but I didn’t see it and set it off. Probably for the best since my men were following behind me so if it wasn’t me then it would have been one of them.” He stopped and took a shaking breath, “It completely mangled my leg to the point that it didn’t even look leg-like anymore. The rest of my body got completely mauled by the debris which is why I have so many scars.” His own fingers traced the old wounds, “I would have died from my injuries and the infection from the surgery if it wasn’t for Dr Erskine who selected me for the serum.”
Steve laughed again, “Of course! It’s a hard adjustment and I’ve had to live with some bad prosthetics in the past but the accident allowed me to become Captain America. Without it I never would have met you or lived all of this.”
The group's eyes turned on him quickly, "Who?" Several people asked in unison.
He passed a (probably wrong) latte across the counter to a woman in a business suit before sliding back up to the cash register. He allowed himself a second to wipe the counter before glancing up at the customer to get their order.
“No, only phantom pains.” He barely managed to finish the sentence before groaning.
==============
“What do you need? A doctor? Hospital? Shall I get Bruce?” Chaotically, Tony began hovering over the man in desperation.
Steve blinked and frowned, “You’ve what?” His hand ghosted over his right butt cheek self-consciously.
In shock, he took an eager step forward to feel the world on his new, pain and sickness free body. However, with his first step he suddenly collapsed onto the ground. People swarmed him to help him up but not before he’d gotten a glance at the stump that remained begrudgingly on the end of his right thigh. He sighed heavily but realised that with his health now intact he could cope with an amputated leg as the rest of his body was fit enough to adapt.
"Don't worry. You'll be out before you know it." The director replied whilst grinning at the serving Tony just got dealt. If Steve was going to teach Tony a lesson then he'd gladly put up with his weird, super paranoid, evasive techniques.
He knew it was right but he’d actually begun to actually like Steve Rogers over the last few months so was going to do anything possible to convince the other man he was wrong. His instinct was to crack a joke and laugh it off but he knew that after this long with Steve feeling forced upon Tony’s friendship then it wouldn’t just go away. He wanted to start again with a blank slate.
He coughed to clear his throat, “You didn’t go to medical afterwards?” He didn’t know how Steve managed to get out of it since he never did.
The soldier shrugged as he handed the notepad across. Tony read it and laughed at Coulson; of course he’d try to learn sign language to impress Captain America.
The movement drew Sam’s attention to the man’s neck and his eyes widened the second he clocked the dark bruises growing across the side. He frowned before his eyes lightened with realisation, “Who is it? You didn’t say you’re seeing someone! You usually tell me everything… Too much really.”
“I believe so, Sir.” Rogers responded gratefully. He always forgot that in this day and age it was no longer a character fault to be a gay man anymore. The other detectives and staff would undoubtedly follow Captain Fury’s lead of acceptance and support.
They were currently alone in the office as both were working after hours to get their cases finished. Tony was writing up the undercover assignment while trying to not allow his mind to make their kisses the only thing he wanted to think about. He struggled to recall what time they made contact with the target on their latest case but he could describe the exact way Steve's lips felt against his own. He glanced up quickly at the other man typing away at his desk oblivious and probably nonplussed to Tony's thoughts. He decided to reside himself to the fact that the taller detective was simply too good for him.
A sensation of dread washed over the shorter detective as he watched the blood soak right through the bandage under the white shirt.
Steve could only smile as Sam had forced him to come along to most of the events at the veteran’s centre after he got employed there and he couldn’t deny that they definitely helped him more than he had been expecting. Not to mention that communication was definitely key in his transition back to civilian-hood.
The next time Tony woke up he could hear Steve moving around the bedroom but he didn’t want to open his eyes to face the day so he just listened. Something sounded strange. Footsteps were distorted or oddly placed and a slight metal clicking sound was interspersed between the footsteps.
He tried to imagine the sounds but whatever he could imagine would be miles off. He didn’t even though what ‘sound’ sounded like as he’d been deaf since birth. Suddenly, he realized that Stark was talking to him. How could he understand? But it then clicked that the man was signing at him and he’d just unconsciously read the symbols.
“Mr Jenkins, I swear if you’ve forgotten your key again I will be driven to murder and, yes, I can make it look like an accident.” She spoke without waiting for him to speak.
"Well, you're perfectly qualified. I've seen you in action. You're training is impeccable." Steve stumbled out. He was not getting himself roped into some organisation where he'd have ties and a base with someone he'd have to actually report to. How did Clint even consider him to help? It's ridiculous and frankly insulting and he needed out of this car.
STEALTH MURDERER STRIKES AGAIN
“Before we start with questions, Steve would like to make a statement regarding his injury and recovery.” After finishing the sentence, he turned to Steve to indicate that he was ready to interpret.
“How have we come so far?” Steve asked, watching their legs touching and Tony’s hands joined around his shoulders.
The assassin peeped open an eye and peered out from under his blanket. It was beginning to get dark. He'd slept the majority of the day again. Tomorrow he promised himself he'd get back into a routine and start working his shoulder muscles. Perhaps some physical therapy would help, he mused as the man on the phone continued talking.
Tony rolled his eyes and slouched back in his chair. The rest of the team looked just as surprised at Tony’s sudden ASL skills. Steve could see that they were bombarding him with questions but instead he turned to face Steve.
Cap sighed and edged closer into the room until he was at the foot of the bed, "You're going to get yourself killed. I heard you down in the alley before you'd even attempt per the stairs then saw you when I came out to see what the noise was. I could have killed you without you even knowing it was coming. I almost did but hey, we were all newbies once."
She shot him a mischievous smile, “I went there two hours before and took the other one away. It was about time you two got a push in the right direction.” With that she strode away leaving him gobsmacked in the middle of the precinct.
"I'm sorry," Stark blushed slightly, "You've woken up a few times now but this is the first time you've actually spoken. Last time you just opened your eyes and made a weird groaning noise like Frankenstein's Monster."
Carefully, with his attention completely captivated by his work, Tony began to attach the prosthetic to Steve. He took his time and ensured everything was properly in place and that any material that would cause Steve discomfort was hidden behind the gentle silicone. His large fingers softly touched the skin of Steve’s thigh, moving in massaging circles.
Tony nodded, “I’m on it.”
"No... Well, most people know me. I'm a household name. It was just unusual to find someone who didn't recognise me immediately."
Tony spoke again when his friend didn’t respond, “What are you doing awake?”
Fury stepped forward, “Mr Stark, Steve Rogers is deaf.”
“25, actually… but not Steve. I had no idea he liked guys. We’ve never had the kind of relationship where we sit and talk about our sex lives.” There wasn’t really need for him to explain his awkward relationship with the other detective. From day one, Steve and Tony had never seen eye to eye.  Steve was silently nodding along to that statement, “Actually, we’ve never really talked about anything outside of a case. I barely know him.”
It had been a significant amount of time since Stark had last completed an on-foot criminal chase as detectives were usually limited to the post-crime stuff; he could definitely feel this fact as his lungs began to burn and muscles throbbed at the unexpected sprint down the alley. The perp was gaining distance away from him and Tony was almost certain this guy was going to get away when suddenly a car pulled, full speed, onto the alley through a thin entrance. The brakes squealed and smoke poured off as the car skidded to a halt slap-bang in the centre of the path.
Tony was next and, out of everyone he'd met so far, had the most hostile reaction to Steve's presence. He immediately slumped down into one of the leather chairs and glared at the stranger. Eventually he sighed and swivelled towards Clint.
"I do not have a thing!" Tony cried but his face was heating up.
“And it doesn’t make any difference to me whether you like sex or not! I’ve been building up the courage to ask you on a date for months! I’m not going to suddenly change my mind because you don’t want to sleep with me. I like you for who you are!”
“What’s wrong, nurse?” A voice he didn’t recognise approached.
Steve laughed softly, he rubbed his hand through his hair, “Never been the type for that much clothes in bed actually.” He flushed as he suddenly realised how that sounded, “Anyway, why didn’t you just tell me?”
“You wouldn't do that.” Tony argued, misplaced confidence.
The genius just frowned in response but pressed the mug into the man’s hands. Kneeling down on the floor beside Steve, Tony gently lifted the thin material of the vest to reveal the injuries. He hissed at the sight of the dark purple bruising that radiated across Steve’s ribs and lower. Gentle fingers ghosted across the stain until he applied the cooling pad. He managed to restrain a smile at Steve’s sigh of relief.
Suddenly, Tony’s body pressed even closer and his hand dropped to Steve’s belt buckle.
The comment Stark made about him being nothing more than some experiment hurt him but he didn’t want to admit it. He’d never seen himself as a hero despite being labelled it many times by those during the war and the press of his day. He knew that Doctor Erskine chose him for more than just his desperate situation but he’d never unpacked the reasons why.
Clint smirked, "Aren't you supposed to be more subtle to a one night stand?" He fluttered his eyelashes.
He shook himself out of his pity party and tried to regain control over his emotions. They were only colleagues after all and what did their opinion of him matter anyway?
——————
"These are pretty strong so they-" The billionaire froze as he stepped in to the guest room and the emptiness of the bed leapt out to him. The blankets were strewn across the floor and the pyjamas were discarded while clothes from the open wardrobe were missing.
Once they touched it seemed impossible to pull their hands away as they explored each other’s bodies eagerly. Steve moaned gently against Tony’s lips as he could feel a heat beginning to pool inside his belly. He guided his hands across the other man’s chest keenly, feeling at the muscle hidden by the shirt.
“The game, it’s from May, nineteen forty one. I know, cause I was there. Now, I’m gonna ask you again. Where am I?”
"I was slightly thrown when I realized you'd left without all your stuff including your cellphone but I figured that you'd have more than one. Especially since Clint had said he'd get in contact with you but it was a challenge to get this number."
"In there." Steve pointed so Wright would enter before him. Positioning was key in an operation like this.
Detective Stark opened his mouth to comment but snapped it shut upon Steve’s glare. This undercover work was going to be hard enough as it was without Starks’s sass tripping them up.
“THE BREIFING ROOM… NOW!”
"I can't. I need the money." He thought back to his family back on the farm. They were struggling through.
The first to enter was Dr Banner. He walked in confidently before his insecurities caused embarrassment to crash down on him when he realised he was the first. All eyes were on him. The Doctor instantly read the stranger's body language and recognised it immediately as something he often displayed himself: A don't touch me message. Instead, the scientist gave an awkward wave and introduced himself quickly. It seemed the assassin had no preconceived ideas about him or The Other Guy which was rare but definitely a relief. He hated walking into a room and being identified only by being 'that guy who broke Harlem. You know, the green one'.
“Name?” Tony asked, a sharpie hovering over the unblemished surface of the cup.
Tony followed the words and spoke them out to the best of his ability considering that Steve was using words that he wouldn’t use in everyday conversation. However, he somehow muddled through successfully.
The engineer sighed, knowing that Steve would be horrified and never speak to him again made it hard to admit, “I came in to check on you last night after the mission because I saw you getting beat up pretty bad and I knew you’d just try to ignore your injuries. When I walked in you were naked on your bed, bare ass up.”
A dark and ominous sky is never a good thing... until it is.
Steve forced his eyes open to see he was in a large bedroom on a spongy king sized bed with a particular ego centric billionaire sat on a chair beside him, smart phone disregarded the moment the assassin had twitched. He smirked, "Ah, but I said nobody cares anymore and I'm not a nobody. I'm a mega celebrity, playboy and philanthropist. Definitely a somebody."
All around him, happy couples were enjoying the holiday season. He couldn’t help but imagine himself and Tony like that, so happy and in love for the whole world to see.
"Wait, isn't that Dimples from last night? Wow, only you could manage to sleep with your to be husband and mistake him for a one night stand. How did you not recognize him, man? This is new even for you." , Rhodey exclaimed gleefully.
The moment they could get away, Tony dragged Steve to an empty hallway.
"Well, I don't know what to call it except for fate. Here I was wishing for the same thing that just happened." Steve said with a small smile, his eyes deep and earnest.
Team bonding. What a joke. Like there was anything worse than mandated team bonding, being forced to sit there and pretend he was one of them, like they were all friends or something, instead of a bunch of unstable, explosive characters thrown together. He knew they barely tolerated him at most. Why bother mixing in when he could stay all day in his lab, with his wonderfully addled bots and innumerable carafes of coffee? Okay so maybe they weren’t quite as terrible as he made them out to be, but they were probably all gonna leave him some time anyway. So why get close and get hurt? Nope, the lab was safe. Tony was very much happy here.
“Rhodey, my platypus, my honeybear, I need your help.”
"What are the odds though, that we would both end up in the same place though?" Tony muttered quietly.
When Tony reached the table, the red head gave him a once-over and a smirk that left him feeling like she was privy to a secret only known to her and kissed her friend goodbye, leaving Tony alone with the man.
Because Christmas was clearly the time for soul crushing rejection. Yeah right.
“You knitted this for me?”, He asked, his voice filled with disbelief. No one had ever done anything like this for him. Not even his mother or Jarvis.
"So Grant, is it? Fancy meeting you here."
And now a dozen articles for homemade gifts later, here Tony was, standing in the common room by the giant Christmas tree, with a varying assortment of presents by his feet as well as clutching an envelope in his slightly sweaty palms. Oh god. What had he been thinking. This was a mistake. Doomed for failure. That’s what it was.
“Just for you.”, Steve whispered as he smiled the heartwarming smile Tony knew was reserved just for him. God, Tony loved him.
“What? What’s wrong?” Steve asked as he saw the smile fade from Tony’s face.
"You've got to be kidding me! It is quarter to eight and you're still in bed. What the fuck, Tones? You need to move it. Up, up up!"
“So, what’s in the envelope?”, Steve asked. Tony had all but forgotten about the envelope he was still clutching in his hands.
“In fact, he seems to think that he needs to get drunk and move on because his feelings are very much one sided and you said that he shouldn’t have bothered getting you so many presents after he spent hours working on and freaking out about them. Give me one reason why I should sock you right now, Captain.”, Pepper smoothly continued.
"Really? Anything I've seen? Although to be fair I'm not the best judge of art. Most of it goes right over my head. One of my best friends is an expert on art and has forever advised me to stay away from galleries for both my own and the public's sensibilities."
They made their way to the chapel where one Steven Rogers was waiting for Tony to make his way to the altar.
"Huh, so that's what distracting you. Wondered why you didn't curse Benjamin out when I mentioned his name. Guess pretty blondes are much more interesting, huh?"
Maybe a little bit love.
Tony couldn’t help the grin that broke across his face as a blush climbed up his neck, fetchingly.
Which led to Tony calling up Pepper. Who suggested useless things such as going with the numerous presents he already had and instead focusing on telling Steve how he felt.
Steve blushed fetchingly at the words and whispered, "Hi, my name is Steve. I am a Captain in the army and a part time comic book artist in my down time. I hate that I was pushed into this thing but I'm glad for it because it brought me to you."
“Okay, so you love him. But clearly something went wrong. Tony has a bad habit of assuming things and hearing what he wants to hear. Tell me exactly what happened, so we can set this straight and you both can stop with the constant moping.”, Pepper said.
"Right. I asked, Tony. I asked. Several times in fact. Each time I was told that you were not interested in meeting me. The army was coercing me to go through with this marriage anyway and you didn't even want to see me. So I thought fine, just fine. If you weren't interested in getting to know me, I wasn't either. So I carefully blocked out everything about you and look how that ended. How was I supposed to know that you would end up at the very bar I was drowning my sorrows at?"
“Earth to Tony. Are you okay?”, Steve asked with a soft smile on his face.
This didn’t make any sense.
There were only two days to Christmas. He could do this.
“Getting sappy in your old age, Rogers?”
“It will be fun. Come on. Its Christmas. I just- back in the orphanage, Bucky and I used to play it with the other kids and it made being stuck alone on Christmas so much better. I just thought we could have that again, you know. Like a team, like friends, all together.” Steve’s lower lip jutted out as he pouted.
*****
Time to call in the reinforcements.
Tony gave a slight nod as he leaned in and pressed his lips to Steve’s. It was everything he had ever imagined and so much more. Steve’s lips were soft and slightly chapped, but his mouth was warm and welcoming. Eventually the need for air became overwhelming and they broke apart. He rested his forehead on Steve’s, a wide smile playing on his lips as he whispered the three little words back to him.
expression.
After a few more films, movie night came to an end and it was found that, in addition to being too deeply asleep to make it to bed himself, Tony had also grabbed Thor’s blanket -his
“Can I help you?”
Tony peered at him over the top of his laptop, a smirk bordering his lips. “Steve, I hope you’re not trying to insinuate I’m some sort of sweatshirt thief.”
doesn’t know how they got in), Thor practically invited himself, not that anyone minded, and Bruce asked hesitantly one evening to join them and Tony was all too enthusiastic to agree. Somewhere along the line it became practically mandatory for everyone to be present at Tony’s apartment Friday evenings, all squished together on the couch or the assortment of chairs, watching movies late into the night.
Tony and Bruce always shared semi-whispered commentary during films, mainly about the accuracy behind the science of it, and it was pleasant to see Natasha’s usually well-guarded expression fade a little the longer she sat in the darkened theaters. Thor and Clint were always good for a laugh, but with Clint off at archery practice, and Thor on a date with Jane, that left just the four of them to view the movie together.
The next day, Tony and Howard had gotten into a fight, and Howard told him to stay at college until he could learn to grow up. Maria sounded disappointed but not surprised, and said she’d speak to Howard about letting him come back at least for the holidays.
Chapter title taken from "Stitches" by Shawn Mendes
“What is this, the fourth time?” Natasha asked.
“Are you telling me you’d
Steve furrowed his brow as he did a quick mental backtrack. “There weren’t any robots in that movie.”
Steve tipped his own pan down, revealing its contents. “Apple pie,” he explained.
It was then that he noticed the telltale remnants of gold frosting on Clint’s plate on the counter. Without warning, Tony dove to the trash can, making Sam and Clint jump, and sure enough, the white box, no longer as pristine as it’d once been, was lying, empty, on the very top.
Made Pepper cry? Cake.
“Natasha, I don’t know whether I want to propose to you or to this drink.”
After closing Tony’s door quietly, Steve was startled as he noticed Clint watching him curiously from where he was standing in the hallway. He raised an eyebrow in question and Clint shook his head before starting downstairs.
Tony easily got drunk again that same night.
JARVIS didn’t respond to his banter, and Tony grew uneasy.
He stepped forward, looking sheepish, “I wasn’t really sure what happened the other day with the cake, but I could tell it was important to you, so,” he turned and picked up a container from the counter, “I made you another one.”
“Can I have my shirt back now?” Clint prompted impatiently, gathering everyone’s attention.
Food was spilling out of containers, boxes were getting bent out of shape, and Tony had no idea how much noise he was making, if any at all, because he needed his
“I would,” Clint affirmed, a smirk sliding onto his face. “Part one
It was only later that night when they were all tucked onto the couch together, stomachs full of every sweet imagined, and limbs so tangled no one could tell who was on who anymore, that Tony felt comfortable enough in the dim light of a movie playing on the screen to talk about it.
Tony didn’t know his mom knew what his favorite colors were.
Steve had never seen Tony pale so fast.
Steve felt a prickle of irritation at that, but brushed it off as the two continued light-heartedly bickering.
“Romkugler is like Danish Rum Balls,” Natasha explained at Tony’s confused expression.
Steve blinked, confused, but nodded minutely to appease Tony before he continued. Steve quickly tuned him back out, nodding when it seemed appropriate, and studied Natasha in the kitchen.
He took note of the pale orange color and took a sip, ignoring Tony’s reverent comment of “bravest man in the universe right there” that was directed at him.
“That and then some,” Tony muttered irritatedly. “For the ‘greatest inventor of our time’ you’d think
Steve hummed assently and Tony grinned, turning back to Bruce and resumed chattering away.
“Correction, I have
Tony’s eyes were practically filled with stars, and Steve caught Natasha smiling into her cup. Not a curt smile, or even the usual small twitch of her lips, a full smile that spread across her face nicely. Steve privately wondered how many others managed to pull that kind of expression from her. Steve guessed it wasn’t a lot.
“Where’d you get the jacket?”
Natasha shrugged. “Well I didn’t technically
He lifted his own hot-rod red cup up and muttered “cheers” before unceremoniously clinking his mug against Bruce’s and taking a big gulp.
“Why can’t one of the Wonder Twins deal with it?”
It wasn’t until Steve shifted to position his mug on the coffee table that the silence was broken.
Steve moved closer to Bruce and dropped Tony in his now-empty seat. The other hardly seemed to notice the action, and slumped down, curling up next to him tiredly as he shivered slightly.
Bruce hummed over his drink. “Nothing much. Tony was just about to marry Natasha’s coffee.”
“The best poison I’ve ever tasted,” Tony agreed, taking another sip and looking down mournfully at his near-empty mug. He looked over to Natasha pleadingly.
“How is it you can barely function before noon yet somehow you can always manage to find your way into my apartment before you’ve had any coffee?”
After returning to her apartment, Natasha had ducked into her kitchen and began stirring a variety of concoctions together. Steve wasn’t quite sure what she was making, but so far he knew it involved hot sauce and vodka.
There was a beat of silence.
The world somehow seemed quieter after he emerged from the cave in Afghanistan. There weren’t any loud honks of impatient New Yorkers, or startling yet reassuring clangs from tools DUM-E knocked over, there was just Tony and the desert sand.
“Probably not,” Bruce confirmed.
It wasn’t that the jacket was outlandish, per se. In fact, it looked fairly normal and inconspicuous, which is distinctly why Steve knew it wasn’t Tony’s. Nothing Tony owned was simply colored, everything had to have a Tony-style
“What happened?”
The entire Battle of New York had Tony craving cake. His teammates, as strange as they were, admittedly did form a perfect unit. They balanced each others’ weaknesses and built off each others’ strengths, and in the end, the knowledge that Tony had helped form something that was greater than the sum of their parts had given him a strange itch for strawberry frosting, a complete one-eighty from his mother’s vanilla-bean cake she had so kindly made for him all those years ago, and yeah, there aliens coming from the sky and the chances of none of them getting incredibly hurt or flat-out dying were slim, but right then, all Tony could do was smile.
which he took to watching on the floor, proudly reciting the lines along with the actors. Natasha raked her fingers through her hair from where she was perched on the recliner behind him, mouth occasionally twitching into a semblance of a smile at Clint’s antics. Bruce sat on her right, comfortably leaning into the corner of the couch. Thor lounged nearby on his two-person couch, his usual dark red blanket draped over his lap, watching the movie with unbridled enthusiasm, laughing along heartily with the characters on screen.
Tony was pleased to note it didn’t taste as bitter this time around.
pot of coffee that morning, the erratic clacking on the keyboard made him look over. Tony’s hands were typing in a frenzy, only pausing once in a while to adjust the sleeves sliding down his forearms.
It tasted bitter the whole way down.
He dumped Sam’s frozen meals on the floor and recoiled at the sight of dozens of vegetables, because what the hell, Steve? He kindly placed Bruce’s foreign spices on the counter because he at least respects Tony, but kept shoving everything else out.
Tony swallowed. Put his cup down. Stared at it. Picked it up. Stared at it. Took another sip. Put it back down. Stared some more.
About a third of the way into the movie, Thor stood. “I wish to retrieve a beverage from Anthony’s supply. Would anyone like to accompany me?”
“It’s hard to believe you were worse when you were a teen, especially since you’re such a shit now.”
Tony stopped taking off his jacket to glare at him. “Don’t you fucking dare. Last time you did that all you had were quarters.”
Clint and Sam were sitting on the couch in the TV room, up playing Mario Kart despite the late hour (why he ever let Pepper talk him into housing a bunch of children he’ll never know), so he walked as quietly as he could to avoid conversation.
It was a deep purple, highlighted with silver writing on the top:
“Haven’t seen it.”
“I could throw money at you to help you get in the spirit?” Clint offered, a shit-eating grin on his face.
to see an hour and a half of this on a big screen?” Natasha asked, looking unimpressed.
With that, Tony reached out and grabbed Thor’s blanket that was hanging over the side of his couch, pulled it over himself, and promptly fell asleep.
Clint groaned. “I need it for tomorrow’s competition. Apparently, it’s “unprofessional” for the captain to be the only one not wearing the team shirt.”
“The cake was the last one my mom ever made me. She and my father died a few months later in a car accident, and the cake was kind of all I had. Our house was never really a home and I had no strong connections to anything there, but my mom had made that cake for me because she thought I was going to be home for my birthday that year, but I wasn’t,” a sad laugh fell from his lips, “because Howard and I had a disagreement and he told me not to bother.”
two.”
Chapter title from "Roxanne" by Arizona Zervas
“Try it.”
- Steve had to come over to watch it. After that, there was always some new movie or game Steve didn’t understand the reference to, and more often than not, he found himself canceling other plans to keep his Friday’s open for Tony’s inevitable invitation.
“Am I wrong?”
“Ah, Anthony! Had I known you’d be present I would have prepared coffee for your arrival!”
“So every time I had a terrible day, or my world was just going to shit, I’d cut myself a piece. It didn’t solve everything, but it always helped, because my mom loved me, even when I was at my worst.”
The blanket was a gift from Thor’s mother, Frigga, just before she passed away a few years before. It was one of the last things she knitted just for Thor, evident by the legendary Norse hammer, Mjölnir, stitched lovingly into the corner. It was no secret Thor loved that blanket more than anything in the world. In fact, Steve was sure the only time he had ever seen Thor truly furious was when Loki had mistakenly taken the blanket for himself back in their freshman year.
“And by ‘share,’ you mean...?”
me to get tasered, didn’t you?” Clint cried.
“I’ve been to your apartment. You have six different coffee makers, two of which aren’t even FDA approved.”
The prickle of irritation suddenly felt like a jagged thorn.
“I had imagined Thor would’ve been more upset when Tony stole his blanket.”
“Suit yourself. Whatever you decide on, it needs to be exceedingly obvious. Tony is more than a little oblivious when it comes to seeing things right in front of him.”
Clint wiped the water off his face despite the fact he'd be wet again only moments later. His shoulders were getting cold from the way his clothes were as absorbent as a sponge. He strode on towards the apartment building determinedly. He wasn't about to let his boss down and besides, he was being paid a hefty sum for this job.
For over a year, he had silently lusted for this Adonis but, since allowing himself to actually get closer to Steve, his feels had only doubled. Not only was he a walking Greek statue but he was actually super kind, intelligent, funny and lovable. Tony rolled his eyes as he caught his train of thought wandering... Did he seriously call Steve loveable?
“Well, I think that’s a perfect note to end on so Steve wants to thank everyone for coming and he looks forward to seeing you next time.” Steve didn’t actually say any of this as he was too busy rapidly signing at the child, asking about his school and family.
, He pulled a face as a signed the last sentence.
A tear rolled down his cheek, “Get it together. He needs this.” He hissed to himself and wiped it away on their blanket.
Steve’s POV- 1 week later
His laugh came out in a huff, “That, I can’t deny.” They chuckled together for a couple of seconds before they were interrupted.
Steve laughed slowly, “Good luck getting enough evidence for that. Are you free tomorrow? You’re welcome to come and visit us since you must be struggling to get any good intel from up the street here.”
“Hold on, Cap! Not far now. They’ll set you right.” The voice was young and optimistic but Steve could hear the doubt trying to break through. They thought he was going to die. He thought he was going to die.
"I didn't doubt that considering how antisocial you are." He joked. There was the sound of ice clinking in a glass cup.
“No! You know exactly what I mean!” There didn't seem any reasonable justification, in Tony's mind, to why a wounded detective should sleep on the rat infested, kinda damp and rock hard floorboards.
“I really hated you too. I didn’t think you’d done anything worthy of praise. I didn’t know your past.”
“Checks out,” Hill was typing furiously at her tablet, “He would have been with Barton at 11:48pm when the information was leaked to the press.” Tony smiled at her gratefully.
Stark beelined for the shared kitchen as he knew that Bruce had some herbal tea stashed away somewhere and with all the bruises he had he wasn’t about to fuss over whether there were scientific benefits to herbal tea.
“Are you a registered charity?” Tony had been presented with the lie so now he just had to work at unwinding it even if it meant testing each stitch one at a time.
Steve chuckled and blushed at how seriously Tony was taking this. He really cared about making him comfortable, “I don’t mind really as long as you don’t tell me all about it. I don’t really want to know any details.”
Looking around, he realised that he wasn’t in the same place that he’d usually fall asleep on base. The golden light that streamed through the window also told him that he wasn’t his usual waking up time. It was suddenly that the radio piqued his interest as a crowd cheered over a baseball game. Slowly, it dawned on him that he had been in attendance on that day. He peered around suspiciously with the realisation that this could be a Hydra trap or something.
Absent mindedly, Tony’s fingers stroked through the light hairs on Steve’s head, using his fingertips like a gentle comb. His lips twitched up slightly when he heard a hum of contentment radiate out from the reassured man. Smiling, Tony peered down at his companion and felt his heart squeeze. Fighting this feeling would be hard but he didn’t want to pursue any kind of relationship with the man before he figured out if Steve liked him back.
“I came to see you.” He put every inch of plea into his voice, “I realise what I did was a dick move and I need to apologise.” The admission hurt his ego but he hoped it was for a good cause.
The questions suddenly turned, “Did you hate me when you first met me?”
“What the fuck.” He continued.
Tony's eyebrows furrowed. He remained silent for a few seconds to allow for the Spy to rectify his statement but only silence filled the room.
Clint leapt into action, grabbing his bow before it dawned on him who had just shown up. He sighed and rolled his eyes wearily. He really couldn't just do things the easy way. It wasn't in Steve's nature to use the front door especially when it was the door to a special branch of the government.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s grin grew impossibly wider, “Good things come to those who wait!”
“I love you, Steve. And you’re wrong, I’m the lucky one here.” He leaned up and placed a kiss on Steve’s lips.
Suddenly the doors opened and Natasha marched in. Looking up, she froze when her eyes landed on the man in front of the window, "Oh shit."
Don't fret and give yourself a heart attack;
Steve signed uncertainly,
"I guess you have your genius and I have mine." Steve said, evasively.
“Firstly, I want to welcome back detective Stark.” Fury began when he made it to the wooden podium. He rested his large hands against the sides of the tower and leant forward, “We also wish Detective Rogers the best in his further endeavours but I’m sure Stark will keep us up to date with his progress.” He nodded in an uncharacteristically soft movement.
“Okay, I’ve got to admit, I was skeptical, but you actually managed to pull it off. How’d you do it?” Steve bumped his shoulder against Natasha’s after everyone had dispersed after picking names.
For the next hour or so, Tony couldn't help but let his eyes stray to the blonde who kept exchanging shy and encouraging smiles with him.
“You do know that you could give him a piece of rag and he would love it and cherish it for life all because you smiled oh so prettily, when you gave it to him, right?”
*****
"Oh wow, that sounds amazing. I wish I did anything half as cool as that."
*****
“You wound me, platypus. You’re mean. Plain evil. Anyway, since I’m clearly the better person of the two of us, I’ll let it go and come to the point. Okay, cakes, how do we go about them? Because clearly I’m doing something wrong and all my genius is unable to figure it out and J is being of no help and this is the third, or the fourth was it J, cake that I’ve burnt and now I don’t know what to do and Steve’s Christmas will be ruined all because my fate sucks and the universe has a grudge against me and Steve deserves perfection and the best and now- “
“I love it.” Tony interrupted him. “No one has ever knitted me a sweater before,” he said, with a soft smile on his face. God, he couldn’t believe it. Steve Rogers was unbelievably perfect. He had knitted him a sweater for Christmas. God, he really was the perfect man. And then he tuned back in.
"Yeah, like you wouldn't believe. My mom made sure I used to dress up as a nice little boy from the 1940 until I passed out of high school." Grant admitted with a sheepish smile.
Steve’s mouth fell open.
From Tony.
Tony’s gaze narrowed down to Fury, who had a slightly bemused expression on his face as Thor handed him the teeth of an Asgardian creature and explained that the teeth were considered a good luck charm in his culture and that he had hunted down the creature himself this morning so the teeth were juicy and fresh. He also held a squawking chicken in the other hand as Thor delightfully explained that the chicken was the mightiest of its kind as it was raised by Thor and would produce enough Easter eggs for Fury to win the great hunt in April. Whether he was kidding or not, it was hard to tell with Thor. The expression on Fury’s face alone made this whole thing worth it. Almost.
“Hold up. You woke me up at 3:30 in the morning because you were unable to bake a cake for your boyfriend? You said this was life or death. What is wrong with you?”
He was on his fourth glass of whiskey when he spotted him. Young. Tall. Blonde. Muscular. Very much Adonis like and perfect for what Tony had in mind. For this was his one last hurrah, one last night of freedom before he was married forever, to some nameless, goody two shoes, pretty boy with two brain cells for following orders and keeping Tony in line in public. Ugh.
"Edward huh? Bit of an old fashioned name, don't you think?" , remarked Grant with a smile.
“Uh Oh. Looks like you’re in trouble with the Stark Protection Squad. What did you do, Steve?”, asked Clint, dropping on Steve’s other side.
“You wound me, Rogers. Did you really think I would not be able to rig the Secret Santa just a teensy bit to get you the man-child of your desire?” She teased, bumping his shoulder back.
Just why couldn’t he have said something when he had the chance. Even if Tony had rejected him, he could have at least tried to move on. Anything was better than this not knowing. A part of his heart couldn’t help but whisper that had he confessed, he wouldn’t have had to watch Tony flirt with others, so blatantly.
He could see Nat holding a freshly knitted tea cosy, courtesy of Coulson, for her collection of gourmet teas that she not so secretly treasured. Bucky and Clint were enthusiastically making out in the center of the room, presents all but forgotten on the ground beside them. Bucky had gotten Clint a set of plastic arrows that he had fashioned with little sprigs of mistletoe at the heads that he could shoot at unsuspecting New Yorkers, as the best present for Clint, would involve public mayhem of some kind while Clint had created a mini bar in a jar for Bucky with his favourite moonshines, which led to them showing their appreciation for the other in a very public and enthusiastic way.
“Because I am in love with you. I have been, for a long time. I thought maybe Christmas could be the time for you and me, if you will have me, that is?”, Steve said he pressed one hand gently against Tony's lower back, pulling him in closer.
To say that Tony was panicking, was putting it mildly. The cake had been abandoned after a dozen or so ill-fated attempts.
“What are you talking about? These presents are perfect, Tony. I can’t believe you made so many presents for me. You didn’t have to give me all of them, you know” Steve exclaimed as he carefully opened the envelope. He pulled out the small booklet and browsed through it, fascination writ on his face.
An infatuation at most.
“Shush, it’s perfect. Thank you so much, Tony. No one has ever done anything half as nice for me.”, Steve said with an angelic smile and in his usual, earnest manner that made you want to believe that everything was right with the world.
Steve’s voice drew his attention back to the beaming super soldier in front of him and he turned back to look at the slightly fidgety Captain.
It was a voucher which entitled the holder for:
“Merry Christmas, Steve.”
Steve sighed, “This gift has got to be perfect, you know? Something that truly tells him that he is all kinds of amazing and I would love to have him forever, just the way he is.”
What had he been thinking? Just armor? For the man he had been
“It is time for me to speak to my lovely honey bear, is it not?”
"How about asking your future husband over there before he comes over here wondering why exactly you're freaking out at the entrance of the aisle?"
God, what a disaster.
? No, this was much better. Now he could nurse his wounds with a bottle in secret instead of facing the inevitable public rejection.
*****
“Nothing happened.”, Steve insisted. “I gave him the sweater and he loved it very much and I told him now he wouldn’t have to steal my hoodie anymore like he does on movie nights every week and then he just handed off the presents to me, which were so many and I told him he shouldn’t have bothered because I would have loved just the one present too and he just excused himself and rushed off. There was no talk of feelings or anything. One moment everything was fine and the next moment, he just pasted that stupid public smile of his and left.”, Steve finished his sad tale with a frown and brought out his full-blown puppy dog eyes.
The man smiled at Tony as Tony slid into the booth opposite to him.
Steve brightened up as Bucky took over. The instructions in the book were absolutely nothing next to Bucky’s teaching and soon, painstakingly, Steve began to make the sweater, bit by bit.
Tony stared in dismay at the mess in the penthouse kitchen. Egg shells littered the counter and the batter had somehow reached high up on the left wall and just how was this possible? Tony was a genius, god dammit. He should be able to figure out one stupid cake. Clint cooked in the common kitchen all the time and his food was delicious and he had zero PHDs in comparison to Tony’s several and he should be able to figure this out, ugh.
Guess the universe had finally decided to come through for Tony. Christmas truly was the time for miracles.
“Fine, just fine. You can have your stupid Secret Santa. Just stop with the eyes, God.” Tony bit out grouchily.
"Oh fuck! Rhodeeeey." Tony hissed and clutched Rhodey's elbow as he saw exactly who was waiting for him at the end of the aisle.
“Nothing. Thank you for the present. Merry Christmas, Steve. These are for you.” Tony smiled woodenly as he handed over each of the presents one by one. Steve expressed his delight appropriately for the mixed tape and the new uniform and engine until they were left standing there awkwardly.
Gingerly he opened the oven and the pulled out the burnt cake. Why couldn’t the universe be nice to him just once? This was the third such cake. It was like he was doomed for failure.
“Wow, you’re both idiots. You really do deserve each other.”, said Clint as he and Bucky chortled, finding amusement in Steve’s misery. Humph. Why was he even friends with them?
“Sir, if I may, while Captain Rogers may have an enormous sweet tooth, I think even his easy palette would object to this.”
Okay so what did Steve like? Old Brooklyn neighborhoods, the museums, runs in the dog park, modern art----Oh! He had the perfect idea. Steve had terrible taste in music and it was Tony’s duty as a friend to help educate him, introduce him to the classics and the whole world of rock music and what better way of doing that than making Steve an old fashioned, honest to god mix tape? It was a classic gift idea and Steve would love listening to it with an age-old cassette player. Tony would throw that in as well! It really was the perfect gift.
“Nope”
Steve watched the party unfold around him as agents milled around, dressed to their nines, sipping eggnog and swaying to terrible Christmas music. Bucky and Clint seemed to be finding any excuse to get underneath the mistletoe, Thor was dancing with Jane, beaming and looking suspiciously bright-eyed and Nat and Bruce were huddled together, exchanging soft smiles as they carried out a conversation only meant for them. Seemed like they had finally gotten together. He was happy for them, he really was.
What were the odds that both of them had gotten each other? Great, Steve’s present was probably perfect and here was Tony, with his half-assed attempts and terrible presents. He took the package from Steve’s hands and carefully unpacked the gift. It had something soft and knitted, a deep blood red with specs of white at the bottom. It was a sweater. A soft, warm sweater.
Except, it was now 6 pm and turns out that it totally could.
Except, it was a day later, and the mixed tape was long done, and the vintage cassette player had been assembled from scratch and the cogs in Tony’s mind were churning again. How could he have thought this would be enough? No, the gift needed to be better. Steve was exactly the kind of person to spend hours and hours upon creating the perfect gift for his elf. He deserved a gift that was as perfect as him.
Tony grinned at these words and carefully threaded his fingers in Steve's hair and pulled him down for a ravishing kiss and whispered against his lips, "Hi Steve, I think we're going to get along very well."
Tony couldn't wait until he inherited SI. He had plans for it. Plans that were leaps and bounds ahead of what Howard had in his vision for SI. It was why he had agreed to this marriage contract at all. Howard had agreed to pass SI onto Tony, provided he was married and his public image was cleaned up first.
It was really just a crush.
“Ouch, asshole. One, I did no such thing. Two, he never mentioned anything about his feelings. Why would I ever reject him when I’ve been in love with him since years and- “, Steve trailed off, blushing hotly, realizing what he had admitted. Natasha and Bucky smirked, and Pepper looked mollified at his confession.
“I don’t know.”, Steve replied glumly.
"Guess both of our parents' were obsessed with the 1900s huh." Tony said, startling a laugh out of Grant.
“Yeah, I thought it would be perfect, what with all your complaints about being cold and you’re always stealing my hoodie on movie nights and now you don’t have to do that anymore and you could just wear this- “
“Oh yeah? So, what? At least I have my present ready. And at least I know to quit when I realize something is beyond me. I know you think you’re some kind of savant at being a stubborn ass but even you can’t beat these needles into submission.” Bucky smirked. “Why don’t you just pick something else?”
Tony carefully made his way to the altar where a surprised looking Rogers gazed at him. The minister rambled on but it all passed in a blur. They said the right words at the right places and then it was time for the knot to be sealed with a kiss. Rogers leaned in, his eyes like clear blue crystals and gently pressed his lips to Tony's.
He didn’t understand. What had he done wrong?
“Thanks, Nat. I appreciate it. Now all I need to do is find the perfect gift for Tony.”
"You were supposed to be dressed by 7:30 and we were supposed to be moving towards the church by now, have you no respect for my schedules?"
infatuated with since he had been a teenager? Nope, Tony needed to get with the program. Okay, four days to go. No reason to panic. Just needed to find the perfect gift for Steve Rogers, the love of Tony’s—Nope, not going there. There lay nothing but sadness and disappointment down that road, my friend.
"Edward."
“Remember to be really clear about your feelings this time, though. God knows you boys can manage to screw this up easily, too.”, said Pepper as she gave him a light shove towards Tony, who was still chatting away with the agent.
"What plan? I had no idea it was you. And what are you talking about? You lied too. Here I was desperately wishing I could see you again after you slipped out in the morning, and little did I know that it was all just a stupid lie. How could you not have known it was me? Was it fun, making fun of the poor, old, virgin?" , Rogers snapped.
Steve winced as the knitting needle poked him for the thousandth time. Right, why had he thought he could do this again?
“Explain to me why Tony seems to think you gave him a rejection sweater for Christmas because you didn’t feel the same, even though I know for a fact that you’re stupid about him and had me rig Secret Santa just for him.”, Natasha ground out.
They chatted away until it was time for the bar to close. They stood outside the exit, neither willing to say goodbye, when Tony decided to make his move. He leaned in close and whispered in Grant's ear, "So, how about we extend this night a little longer and have some fun?" to which Grant readily agreed with a rather pretty blush.
“What no, handmade, what Rogers- “Tony spluttered uselessly.
“Stevie, what the hell?”, Bucky punched his shoulder.
Steve needed to stop smiling like that at him. He couldn’t take it anymore. The earnestness, the little smiles, they did funny things to his heart. Like make him want to believe in stupid dreams and nurse hope for his broken heart. He needed to get away as quickly as he could.  The SHIELD Christmas party would be the perfect excuse to get rip roaring drunk to forget his stupid
There was no mistaking the nervousness and the fondness in Steve’s eyes. No way he could misinterpret this.
Of course, it was. Because karma was a bitch, to Tony, especially. Fate totally had a special vendetta against him. The universe was, in fact, out to get him.
While his mind worked on deciding the perfect gift for Steve, he decided to add another present to the super soldier’s pile and designed a new engine for his motorcycle as well.
"Oh I don't know about that, getting to write about superheroes running around in tights sounds pretty cool."
"Explain to me how exactly this is a disaster after you spent the ride over here mooning forlornly over Dimples and the perfect night you had."
"Come on man, are you listening to yourself? A decorated captain, who apparently is one of the nicest guys out there, made up a fake identity, stalked you to find out exactly which bar you would end up in the night before your marriage and then proceeded to make amazing conversation, charm you and sleep with you, all just to make fun of you?" Rhodey exclaimed disbelievingly.
“Tony, do you see what time it is?”
Steve was probably just annoyed at him and had found a way to effectively stop it all. And there went the hope, hope that Tony hadn’t even known he was clinging to, how could Steve ever feel the same if he had such an issue with Tony even cuddling with him. God, Tony was an idiot and he had only himself to blame.
“Thanks, you won’t mind if I keep that as the last resort though, would you?” Steve replied dryly.
Bruce had a soft smile on his face as Nat had gotten him a set of handmade yoga dice. It looked like Bruce had finally gotten the courage to ask Nat out too, as the two were shyly holding hands with awkward but pleased smiles. Tony was happy for them. He was. At least someone deserved to be happy and god knows, Bruce had more than earned it.
“I don’t see what all the damn fuss is all about. So, what if he steals your hoodie all the time? You love it, you get this disgustingly gooey look in your eyes, like you’re eye fucking him, whenever you see him wearing them around, why change it? There’s no need to go about knitting him a sweater just for that.”
“But Steve, I wouldn’t even know what to get anyone, like what do you even get someone like Hill? I would think she’s a bot except she is too frighteningly competent to be that.”
The armor upgrades had taken no time at all. Two days in the lab and an all nighter later, Steve’s brand new, bullet proof, reinforced armor was ready. But with four days yet to go for Christmas, Tony’s mind began churning again.
"It's not like Howard let me meet him or see him beforehand. He was so sure I would manage to drive him away and break his precious contract with the military. Ugh, this is a disaster." Tony groaned.
"Hey, find anyone interesting?", Rhodey asked as he watched Tony's attention wander away in the midst of one of his favorite MIT stories.
"Okay, Tones. I'm calling it a night. Go, get your man. Stay safe and remember, I'll be picking you up at sharp 8 tomorrow morning. I ain't gonna have you reach the church late and fail in my duties as a best man just because of Dimples over there!" and with that, Rhodey was gone, leaving Tony free to approach Dimples.
“It’s um a gift booklet. Like little gift vouchers for things I could do for you. Like free uniform or tech upgrades or free baseball tickets or museum tickets. There are a few blank ones too, sorry, I couldn’t think of enough things that you could want me to do for you. I didn’t really have much to offer. I know, I know, it’s kind of a stupid idea, in all honesty, I blame JARVIS and all nighters and stupid Wikipedia with their gift suggestions, sorry, it’s stupid, you don’t have to use them, they’re childish and- “Tony trailed off as Steve pressed his finger to Tony’s lips.
“Okay, good start.” Steve coughed awkwardly. He really hoped that his face wouldn’t flush red, “I really like kissing you a lot so that’s fine. Touching is fine like above the belt? Sex and masturbation make me really uncomfortable... Um,...” The soldier wracked his brains for anything else Tony needed to know.
“Okay, look. Jokes aside. I just came to say I’m sorry. We should have said that stuff about you being uptight and a prude. And I, especially, shouldn’t have jumped on the bandwagon before I really knew anything about you.” His eyes glazed over the contents of the room, hesitant to face the unforgiving stare Steve was probably shooting his way. The man would be rightfully furious at Tony still. This wasn’t something he could see Steve just glossing over. The idea that he had hurt Steve made a flood of guilt wash over him and a frown creased his brow as he considered how he had never really considered his colleague’s feelings until recently. Now he suddenly couldn’t stop worrying about the other man.
“Asexual...”
Somehow, without ever mentioning the song to each other since that first date, they had both internally mentally it as 'their song' so had come to mean so much to them without the other knowing. The story of the song didn't fit them but it didn't matter. Rupert Homes and his girlfriend were happy and Steve and Tony were happy. That's something they shared.
Folding his arms, the shorter man reclined back against his couch with a pout.
Fury didn't have time for their petty bickering so interrupted, "I put you two together for a reason so stop complaining and do your damn jobs!” On that he turned and marched out of the meeting room to his office across the main room where all their desks were arranged. This left Steve and Tony standing p beside each other peering at the ground awkwardly. Their eyes met as they both began scanning the other.
Steve had always read that when people woke up in a hospital the sound of beeping machines, nurses shoes squeaking or the voice of a crying loved one was always what greeted them from unconsciousness. For Steve, it was the sharp smell of disinfectant that let him know where he was. He could also feel a hand grasping his tightly which reassured him since he had yet to figure out why he was in hospital.
“Natasha, you need to make more. I need to get my
“Most people would just knock, you know.”
“Well shit, now I can’t be the only one to wimp out,” Tony grumbled to himself.
In the end, Rhodey had put a hand on his shoulder and gave him a look that said he knew, because it was Rhodey and Rhodey always knew.
