Clearing his throat, John did his best to shove the thought away, and tried to compose himself enough to respond in a somewhat steady voice. “Um, nothing. Nothing. Let’s eat,” he muttered, attempting a light tone, but it fell short of the mark.
“Shut up!” The words tore out of his throat before he even realised that he had opened his mouth. His fingers were tugging at his curls, his hands balled into fists. He was panting hard, every breath a ragged burst of air. He was definitely going mad, he thought, mortified.
It had to be the drugs, he realised. They had given him a dose of anaesthetic before the operation.
“Here’s your coffee and croissant.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He was filled with anger and frustration, his unspoken worry weighing heavy on his mind, thought after thought wandering through his brain, drifting back to anger despite his attempts to think of something else, anything that would put his mind at ease. And John thought about the things that made him—well,
For one fleeting moment, John could see how Sherlock stiffened beside him, but he recovered quickly, his features once again unreadable. “I’m perfectly fine, John,” Sherlock said, attempting a smile, but his voice sounded weak. He grimaced.
And the truth was that he wasn’t capable of it, not in the slightest. He was exhausted from trying to act unaffected by the change in Sherlock’s behaviour. He was weary of trying to maintain a hopeful outlook when he felt like screaming at the top of his lungs, screaming and screaming until he was out of breath. He had adopted a tone of voice which he hoped sounded reassuring and positive, but he knew that in reality he just sounded fake. He couldn’t sleep; his nights consisted of waking up in a sweat-soaked panic three, four, or five times a night. And every time he woke up, he was greeted by an empty bed.
Any thoughts?
Thank you so much for reading! Comments and kudos are always appreciated, I love to hear from you, even if it's just a simple "Hi" :)
Wearily, John rubbed his eyes with thumb and forefinger. Outside, the traffic had grown busier, one car after the other roaming by, the occasional toot of a car horn echoing through the front door. Exhaling a deep sigh, John stretched his neck to the left and right and rolled his aching shoulders to ease the built-up tension. The longer he stayed in the hallway, the more stifled he felt. It was at times like this, in the limbo of wanting to let down his defences but being too afraid of appearing weak, that the idea of the warm rush of alcohol coursing through his veins and numbing his brain became alluring. It was only the knowledge of how his own alcoholic father had deteriorated and lost his sense of self that kept him from resorting to booze for a momentary but false relief from the unpleasantness of being a feeling human being.
A hint of last night’s magic lingered within the quiet confines of the room, hiding in the placid and relaxed bodies of the two men and manifesting as a slight tang of musk and sweat that floated in the air. The carelessly discarded clothes scattered around the room were a reminder of the urgency and the wanton desperation with which the men had stumbled toward the bed the night before; a black two-button suit jacket hung from the shade of a floor lamp, a pair of inside-out jeans dangled from the door handle, and a forlorn-looking, crumpled sock lay forgotten on the wooden parquet floor.
Yes, the room was untidy, John thought, but at least there were neither severed heads ogling him when he opened the wardrobe door, nor thumbs poking at him when he rolled into bed at night.
“Since what?” Sherlock snapped. There was a sudden harshness in his voice. “Stop acting like I’m some kind of fragile flower who needs protecting. Do you think I’m an invalid just because I can’t see? You want me to go around with a blind cane like I’m some sort of old man. You follow me everywhere like I’m in need of a babysitter. I’m not crippled.” He was breathing heavily, his nostrils flaring. The muscles in his jaw were taut as if he were grinding his molars together, his lips pursed into a tight line.
Hello everyone! I've missed you.
It was not until he heard the voice for the fifth time that he realised that it came from his own throat. It sounded hoarse to his own ears, pleading, barely audible in the empty room.
, found in most parts of the world and common in urban settings, often described as tame and cheerful. The ticking had abated.
He was surrounded by strangers, the cold examining table cold against his back, needles penetrating his skin, unfamiliar hands touching his body. The hospital gown draped over his body felt foreign, the cotton cool and harsh against his bare skin, making him feel vulnerable and exposed.
“You don’t know how it is.”
John knew he should beg his pardon for not having listened, but the words stuck in his throat, and he could do nothing but stare dumbly, attempting to hold onto the memory of the night when he first told Sherlock that he loved him. But the memory had already slipped away, replaced by the steady beeping of Sherlock’s heart monitor echoing in his ears.
Sherlock wanted to get away from the monotonous ticking, he wanted it to stop. The sound was deafening; it felt as if the clock had been inserted into his head, making his head throb with every tick.
, John thought, frustration was good. He was glad to get a reaction—any reaction—out of him.
John was caught off guard again, his eyes snapping back to Sherlock’s face. It was hard to interpret Sherlock’s expression, his glassy eyes staring somewhere above John’s head, empty, without sign of the usual spark. There were dark circles under Sherlock’s eyes, matching those under his own. “You’re awake,” John said dumbly, at a loss for words.
“Alright?”
“John,” Sherlock said so faintly that John wouldn't have heard it if he hadn't seen his lips move.
His chest felt tight. Unbearably tight. It felt as if it had been squeezed into a tight corset, forcing him to draw shallow breaths through his cracked lips.
Sherlock had invaded his thoughts, snaked his way into John’s unconscious mind, filled every fibre of his being, making it impossible for him to get a moment’s peace. He would lie awake in bed at night, thinking about how Sherlock had behaved that day, analysing his every sentence, every word, every inflection he had used, every movement of his lips, every twitch of his eyes, his fingers, muscles in his face. John’s mind would be racing, trying to understand what was happening to Sherlock, to them, rendering him unable to sleep. And when he finally did fall asleep, due to exhaustion rather than a desire to get some sleep, Sherlock would find his way into his dreams and nightmares, which consisted of incoherent flashes, a jumble of unpleasant images, and memories seen through a distorted lens. And so the anger was always present, hovering on the edge of his thoughts.
"I just," Bell said again. "I just wanted you to see. What you did."
White satin and lace. Radiant smile behind a gauzy veil.
Whatever Sherlock finds on his face seems to be enough. He steps on the gas, his truck's much-abused engine roaring, gravel spitting and popping beneath the tires.
John was sat in his chair, his hands folded in his lap. The fireplace was dark and cold.
"You knew if you waited long enough, the source of the leak would be revealed," Sherlock said. "Allowing you to both take your revenge
Sherlock resumes walking. His footsteps echo in the empty corridors. John walks behind him, quiet, unhurried.
John had barked a laugh, the kind of laugh that said
and tells me to call you and arrange for you to come down. Next thing I know, the whole place is taped off, there are more people with even
He laughed, the sound a little high, a little desperate. "I told you, I was rubbish at it. Kept calling the bridesmaids' dresses purple when they were supposed to be—I don't know—lilac or lavender or whatever it was called. Made me feel a bit like I was losing my mind, to be honest."
"So you decided to toss my flat?"
"I'll—" he sighed, straightened up in his chair. Nodded. "I'll try harder. I'm sorry. You're right."
"Sherlock, wait—" John said.
did you not understand? My primary contact here is dead. Standard channels of communication are being watched. I need to contact my—my handler, but it can't be through a method that could be anticipated or expected."
"Mm," Mary says, her voice noncommittal. He is not fooling her with his deflection, and he knows it.
"I wanted to, a few months ago."
When he opens his eyes it is to see Mary standing in front of him. She is looking past him, across the field, her face pinched in an expression of vague distaste.
The entire city lit up for him, infinite paths to follow, people milling about with their secrets written in the folds of their clothing and the state of their hair. He was helpless to resist the tidal pull, always had been.
It had been so very quiet, so still. He'd scarcely dared to breathe, lest he shatter the unexpected peace of the moment. Sherlock's head was tipped back against the couch cushions, his mouth partly open, his breaths deep, even. The stress and pain and sorrow of the last year and a half had seemed to melt off of his face in sleep, leaving him looking unguarded and heartbreakingly young.
It occurred to him slowly, belatedly, even as he lifted his glass to his lips and swallowed. It was not unlike his stag night, the sudden slip from pleasantly inebriated to stumbling drunk. He'd have scolded Lestrade for letting it get to that point, but Lestrade was even worse off than he was.
He looked down, feeling a twinge of guilt.
"Don't be ridiculous. It's for a case."
He was wearing his suit jacket, but no coat, and he shivered.
"I know he's innocent," she said.
He walks the entire circuit, gaze sliding past vivid displays and shimmering blue voids without really focusing. There are fish drifting in lazy circles, flitting through the jutting rib bones of a whale.
Behind him, Rosie picks up the stuffed sheep, tosses it. Buc goes skittering off through the kitchen in pursuit.
I cut this for pacing reasons– a good deal of the story was already spent in flashbacks, and this didn’t really add any new information to what we already knew about Sherlock's state of mind. I liked their interaction a lot, though.
"Boys," Mrs Hudson said, her voice stern. "While I appreciate that you've worked things out, I
There was a man tucked into one of the booths behind John. His gaze met John's in the mirror, flitted away.
Sherlock opened his eyes.
"Is it really so surprising?"
John thought of the walking he'd been doing lately, the way he'd let the thrum and buzz of the city seep into his very veins. He thought he could understand quite well what Sherlock was talking about.
"He was just here," Victoria said. She had a glass of champagne in her hand, a red strawberry bobbing hypnotically in the golden liquid. She did not look particularly happy.
"Um," she said, her voice careful. "Happy birthday."
He looked at her. She was looking back with a mild, detached interest. Her face was drawn, weary. He regretted his earlier uncharitable thoughts towards her. She was bored and restless and uncomfortable, just like everyone else on the train.
"Well. It seems you've found your calling," Sherlock says.
Another long, quiet moment stretched out between them. Sherlock unclasped his hands, clasped them again.
Sherlock grinned up at him from the floor, flushed and bright-eyed. He'd cut his lip. There was a smear of blood at the corner of his mouth, vivid red. "Thank you," he said.
"You weren't joking." It was not a question.
"Is the wedding still on?" a reporter asked.
"It's different now, the protocols in place ensure—"
"Yes, well, you certainly could use them," Sherlock said.
For a moment, everything was still. His ears rang.
"Not that he was ever anything great to begin with," Harry adds.
"Right," she said. She fluffed her hair, went towards the door, herding Evie out. "Come on, we'll do the bridesmaids photos first, how about that?"
"He has his own work."
John brought them back to the inn, held onto Sherlock's arm and walked him up the stairs and down the hall towards their room.
He tipped his head back, let his eyes drift shut.
Clearly, he'd been speaking. Clearly, a response of some kind was required.
John thought about standing up, about picking up Rosie and walking out of the Baker Street flat and simply not returning until all of this was over. The idea held a certain appeal.
Christ, he was losing his mind.
When he reaches the gift shop he turns back. He slows his pace, lost in thought.
"I can't have what I want." John's voice was flat, his response immediate. His face had closed off.
"Oh, come on," Janine said, and
He turned to look at what had caught Sherlock's attention. Vivian was running towards them, coffee cups clutched in both hands.
"When?" Lestrade prompted.
The clerk was still speaking.
He'd never found out what it was he'd been meant to say.
"Did I?" Sherlock takes the papers, looks down.
Of course, proof of Sherlock having received the papers does not, necessarily, translate into Sherlock having
"Blood loss," Lazarus said. "Not significant. Some degree of dehydration and malnutrition, though I've since acquired a source of fresh water and limited rations. Lacerations to my upper back and arms.  I fear infection has begun to set in. I was not held under particularly sanitary conditions. I've cleaned the wounds as best I can, but I'm limited by my range of motion."
"Fine," John says. He breathes out through his nose, looks up at the ceiling. "I came out here as a memorial of sorts."
"Sad," John said stiffly.
John had laughed. "I'm not asking about myself. I know why I'm here."
John pressed his lips together, shifted where he sat. "Well. You've certainly got the whole bickering thing down to a science. Very convincing."
And Sherlock had looked over at Rosie, then, at the proud smile that was splintering and collapsing on her face with every word he spoke, and he'd said the thing that had damned them all: "This is clearly a misguided attempt to connect with her mother's memory."
"Sherlock—"
"John," Sarah's voice was tight, uncomfortable. "You had a shift today."
you? That poor girl—"
So he stands, and he marvels, and then he goes to work.
"Oh," Sherlock said again, and it was all forgotten for a moment, the dust, the books, the crisp air and the sharp-sweet-sour London smell. He was smiling. He couldn’t seem to stop. He thought perhaps it had never been the weather at all. He thought perhaps it had always been John.
He relieved himself. Considered a shower, rejected the idea. Perhaps when he felt a bit steadier on his feet. He splashed cool water on his face instead, went out into the hallway, moving slowly.
John slid a little closer, ignoring his vague misgivings. He let his arm drape back across Sherlock's chest, burrowed his face into his pillow. Sherlock's skin was still very warm. He did not move away.
gesture that might have been charming under different circumstances. "I don't want to see you in pain. I like you. I want—I
"I—" he said. He swallowed, tried again. "I—"
He doesn't look.
Even after all Wiggins had done for them over the years, and all he had done for Rosie, for John there would always be tense words in a filthy doss house, the flash of a folded knife in the shadows. There would be the weeks that Sherlock had spent gleefully self-destructing, prodding relentlessly at his damaged veins, seeing and hearing and tasting things that were not real, could never be real. There would be a morgue floor and John's heartbroken furious face, Sherlock's blood on the tile and Wiggins' best recipe still singing in his veins.
John had not failed to notice the way the rest of the team kept their distance from their mercurial leader. But he'd seen little reason to follow their lead.
He heard Mrs Hudson retreat, tutting to herself. A squeak of springs as she settled into John's chair.
and he'd been infuriated by that distraction, hadn't he? He'd tossed and turned and punched at his pillow and had finally retreated back out into the sitting room.
His madman, his
while this all falls down around you. And then maybe you'll see."
"You were crying out," John says. He sounds uncomfortable, caught-out.
Sherlock breathed in quietly. His eyes were fixed on where John's hand covered his.
"You're wrong."
her."
Sherlock's body was warm under John's hands, thrumming with life. He took his time, pressed reverent kisses to sweat-damp pale skin. Gently traced still-healing wounds with his fingertip.
They didn't say things like that to each other. Not out loud.
"She's stubborn," John said. "She's a lot like Mary."
"Utterly useless, yeah, that's nice," John said, without any real heat. "Ta for that."
"Party's over," Sherlock said.
He startled back to full awareness. "What?"
"He left, Sherlock, shortly after your funeral."
He hadn't slept. He'd lain awake next to John, just barely touching, not wanting to disturb. He'd filled his lungs with the warm clean scent of John's soap on his skin, studied the microexpressions that flitted across John's face as he dreamed. Examined the pores on John's face, traced the tips of his fingers along the hairs on John's arms, his legs. Cupped his palm over the puckered skin of John's ruined shoulder, ghosted his nose along John's hairline.
A phone call would do it. A tip-off to Mycroft about the unassuming betrayer in his circle, a helpful hint about the true fate of the A.G.R.A. team. Rosamund Mary, in the process of becoming Mary Morstan, could be located and acquired and brought into protective custody. Her surviving associates could be extracted, offered the same protection. There would be no one hunting her, no reason for her to—
did no such thing."
John's car was an Audi A3 Sportback, dark grey (Meteor Grey Pearl, to be precise), and Sherlock found it in a car park not far from the dismal apartment block. He unlocked it, slipped into the front seat and shut the door against the cold.
is going on?"
He goes through the kitchen and down the hall, does not hesitate at his closed bedroom door.
"Talked to your mum last night," he told her quietly as he fetched eggs out of the fridge, a frying pan out of the cabinet.
"Sorry," he said. "Sorry. I'm Dr Watson. I—"
"You were almost free of Victoria," Sherlock said. "Then you went and accepted her entirely insincere apology—you do realise she tried to snog me twice at Slaney's last night?"
obliged, though, since you jumped at the first chance to call it off."
John looked up in spite of himself.
He chose a booth at the back of a small café that gave him a good angle to keep an eye on the door.
He wished he'd sent that message to Sherlock. He wished he'd written it down, all of it, everything he'd ever wanted to say. He'd chickened out, he'd fucked it up, all of it, and he regretted all of the chances he'd failed to take to make things right.
"Sorry," Sherlock said, his voice gone slurry. He tipped his head back, blinked blearily up at John. His pupils were pinprick small, in spite of the dim light. "I should have said that, right? I'm sorry. I tried to say. I did try. But."
"They've known all along," Sherlock said. "This whole time. Possibly before I even left. If they meant to carry out Moriarty's threat, they would have done so."
Mycroft gestured to the bland white room. "Similar accommodations. Indefinitely. They'd never be able to house you with the general population, Sherlock, you know that."
"Then why did you come after me?"
"John," Sherlock said. It came out tentative, questioning.
He forced himself away from the wall, went through the door into the flat. The air was quiet, heavy. No music, no laughter, no droning telly. The sitting room was empty.
"What?"
Without looking away, Sherlock reached out a hand and turned off the engine.
"Why do you want to know?"
Sherlock cleared his throat, stepped a little closer. A well-played little territorial display. Quite convincing. Unless he wasn't shamming at all, in which case it was—well. Still quite convincing.
"Seems like someone was having a laugh. Best run along now. Bye."
He'd sobbed in the car the whole way home.
it. He liked Sherlock Holmes' weird flat with its weird décor. It was about as far from the drab blandness of his own rooms as he could get.
John's throat tightened. He clenched his fists, then carefully flattened his palms against the table.
He swallowed, the smile curdling on his face.
Sherlock swallowed, put his phone back in his pocket. He went into the kitchen, still holding the drawing, and opened the refrigerator. There, on the top shelf, was a small bakery box.
He is not alone. And he should be
It was, after all, just a chair.
"Mrs Hudson?"
The sky is just barely beginning to lighten by the time the DI with the irritating voice tells them they are free to go.
The sight that greeted John in room number twenty-six sent a wave of pain through his chest. John had seen Sherlock cry before, but when he cried, it was almost always for a case, nothing more than an act, a way to gain information, to prove a point. But this time he wasn't acting.
,” John said pointedly, “I also got you a sandwich. A croissant is nowhere near enough to keep you alive.”
But it wasn't a nightmare. And John couldn't bring himself to say anything to comfort Sherlock, so he remained silent.
He would never again enter a crime scene and take it in with a sweeping glance. Yes, he would still be able to hear if there was a river flowing nearby, or if he was close to a heavily trafficked area. He would be able to listen to witnesses, analyse tones, and distinguish between different accents. He would still be able to use his other senses: examine victims with his hands, trace his fingers along their clothes to find tears or creases that shouldn’t be there; taste if something had been poisoned, or smell how long a body had been dead, but it wouldn’t be enough. Sight was of paramount importance to him. Sherlock wanted to see, needed to see, to observe every detail of a scene before him, to deduce from what he knew to be true because he had seen it with his own eyes. To really
Exhaling a trembling breath, Sherlock released his iron grip on his hair and wiped his sweaty palms on his pyjama bottoms. His heart was slamming against his chest, his pulse a frenetic throb at the base of his throat.
John wake to the sound of the rain battering against the window pane. When he opened his eyes, he became aware of his surroundings, and any lingering hope that the day before had been nothing but a bad dream evaporated into thin air. John saw the walls of the hospital room around him in the pale beam of light leaking under the door, and he could feel his heart plummet into the depths of his stomach as his worry returned to weigh heavily on his chest, constricting uncomfortably around his lungs.
Thank you for reading! Comments and kudos are always appreciated! <3
Sherlock wanted to ask John to kiss him again, but instead, he took a deep breath, in an attempt to calm his racing heart, and tried his best to appear nonchalant. “I want to go home.”
The worst thing was that John knew he was telling the truth; there was nothing else to do now but wait. “I know,” John said tiredly, pinching the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger, “I know.”
And John felt like he was having a nightmare. He wanted desperately for Sherlock to wake him up, telling him that it was just a bad dream, cradling his wavering body, placing soothing kisses on the top of his head.
“Are you all right, Mr Holmes?” the concerned voice of the doctor came from his right. Sherlock could almost hear his frown.
Sherlock wanted to tell the doctor to stop, stop examining him, to let him be. To let him die. What would it matter if he did? If John left him, he would gladly die. There was no Sherlock Holmes without John Watson. He would cease to exist without him, his world would crumble. The earth would still turn on its axis, the sun would still rise in the morning. John would find someone new, he would love again, but Sherlock wouldn't be there to witness it.
“Pseudotumour cerebri,” the doctor paused briefly. “Have you ever heard of it?”
“John,” Sherlock whispered, but he sounded weak and strangled, and there was something against his mouth that muffled his voice—an oxygen mask. He tried to raise his hand to his face to remove it, but John stopped him.
“Are you sure?”
Now it didn't matter anymore, so he cried. He cried silently, but he cried, letting his tears wet his cheeks, leaving glistening trails down his face. Not a single sob escaped his lips as he lay there, not caring if someone saw him. To hell with being strong. To hell with his pride.
John stared at the cup, noticing the fine cracks in the white ceramic, the coffee stains along the top rim. He hadn’t bothered to wash it before use, and looking at the stains, John couldn’t help but think of Mrs Hudson and how she would have disapproved. But to his relief, she was out of town for the weekend visiting a friend in Bristol, and thus not able to witness his lack of common decency.
“Look—” John began, pausing as understanding dawned on him. Mycroft
Sherlock closed his eyes briefly and swallowed, and John couldn’t help but notice the slight tremble of his lower lip. “You’re ashamed. You don’t think I can do it. You’re afraid of what the others will think of me. You’re scared they’ll hurt my
, I need some time. Maybe I do need some time. You have barely talked to me since we left that goddamn hospital. Don’t you know that this is killing me? I’m your partner. I miss you Sherlock.”
After a moment’s hesitation, he began walking. The air seemed to be getting thicker, and Sherlock breathed through his mouth in an attempt to get more oxygen into his lungs. He hurried his pace, determined to find John, the only sounds being his harsh breathing and his footsteps, a mere whisper as his bare feet shuffled on the linoleum floor.
“John,” Sherlock began, his voice so small, so soft that John thought his heart might break. “Thank you.”
Hello, lovelies!
Lowering himself onto his chair beside the bed, John broke off a piece of his sandwich, but his stomach was twisting unpleasantly, and his appetite was gone.
“I’m here, Sherlock,” John said calmly, stroking Sherlock’s hand, listening as his heartbeat gradually returned to normal.
“You know I can’t. The bed is—“
John had helped Sherlock get dressed. It had been painful to watch Sherlock fumbling for the trousers that had been discarded on the floor in their rush to the bed the night before. He had tried so hard to act as if nothing had changed, willing John to remain calm, not to worry.
It echoed in his mind like a ticking time bomb, ready to explode any second, threatening to take his memories with it.
“Doctor Watson—“
He made to take a step toward the door, but something held him back. Some tiny, albeit unignorable, part of him told him to put an end to this cowardly act and rush back up the stairs, confront the enigma of a man whom he quite frankly couldn’t live without and have a serious discussion about the importance of communication in a relationship. But another part was shatteringly exhausted from trying to keep up a cheerful and sanguine front, tired of pretending that he was unaffected by the sudden change in the previously effortless dynamic between them, and that part of him itched to escape the oppressive silence of the flat, even if just for a little while.
John scrubbed his hands over his face, feeling the short stubble that he hadn’t had time to shave that morning abrade his skin. His eyelids felt heavy. Everything about his body felt heavy as if his blood had been replaced by lead. The fear was dissipating into exhaustion. More than anything he wanted to go back home, back to yesterday when everything was still safe and normal and perfect. And he would take Sherlock in his arms and tell him how much he loved him. He would kiss each and every one of his freckles, touch every spot of his pale skin, trace his finger along the outline of each of his ribs. And in that moment John promised himself that he would do that after they got home from that bloody hospital. He promised himself that he would do everything in his power to ensure that Sherlock knew how much he loved him, wanted him, and needed him.
But they had met, and John had fallen in love.
He wouldn't be able to live, to function, without John. He couldn't bear even thinking about it. He had opened his soul, let down his guard, poured his heart out to John, and now he was being punished for it.
“Yes, I’m alright.” His voice was calm but not reassuring.
John looked at the clock again. The surgery should have ended already; based on his experience as a doctor, John had estimated how long it would take to insert a lumbar CSF drainage catheter, and for half an hour, he had jerked his head up every time he heard a nurse or a doctor enter the waiting room, expecting his name to be called next, but it was never called. John hadn’t been allowed inside the operating room despite his best efforts at negotiation, and he was frustrated, scared, desperate, and above all of the other things, he felt helpless.
For approximately seven and a half seconds he stood motionless, a sense of mingled weariness and gloom taking hold of him, and then, in a kind of despondent daze, he took four tentative steps toward John’s armchair, fumbled with his hand until it met the arm of the chair, turned around and flopped down gracelessly with a thud. With a deep sigh of resignation, he sank deeper into the plush cushion, his arms hanging over the arms of the chair, his legs stretched out wide in front of him.
“Two coffees, please, and,” John began, but was interrupted by the sound of his mobile phone beeping. “Er, excuse me.” Giving the man an apologetic smile, he fished his mobile out of his pocket, and opened the message.
“Everything looks fine and his vital signs are stable,” the nurse said, smiling reassuringly. “I’ll be back to check up on him again in a little while. Just ring the bell if you need anything.”
And he ran, stumbling through the thick fog blurring his mind, his racing heart pounding loudly in his ears. He could almost feel the blood rushing through his veins as he ran and ran, up endless stairs and along unending corridors, not knowing where he was heading.
“John,” Sherlock said, his voice thick and slurry.
(See the end of the chapter for
The heart monitor was beeping steadily, filling the otherwise silent room with the rhythm of Sherlock’s beating heart. John let the sound comfort him, lull him into a state of ease, as he caressed Sherlock’s limp fingers, feeling every joint, every line of his slender digits. His hand was pale and cool to the touch, but he was alive. He was breathing, his rib cage expanding as he calmly drew air into his lungs through an oxygen tube that ran into his nostrils under a transparent plastic mask that covered his nose and mouth.
In an attempt to pull himself back to the present, to ground himself in the here and now, John concentrated on his senses, taking in the sounds and smells and sights around him. The air in the hallway was stuffy, dust motes shifting in the broad shaft of pale morning sunlight that peeked through the transom window above the front door. Everything was quiet except for the muffled drone of an occasional car passing by outside. The hallway felt oddly desolate and forlorn without the bustling noises of Mrs Hudson’s cooking that usually could be heard distinctly through the door of her flat—the sound of the kettle whistling, porcelain plates clinking together, pots of potatoes boiling, melted butter sizzling in the pan. Now, instead of the usual mouth-watering scent of freshly baked scones wafting in the air, John found himself surrounded by the stale stench of an unaired room, and suddenly, he was flooded with the urge to go outside.
There was a knock on the door, and a nurse entered the recovery room. “Doctor Watson?” she said, looking at John with a questioning smile. The nurse was a woman in her early thirties, dressed in a white uniform, her dark hair piled on top of her head. Her smile seemed friendly and genuine, but John noticed that her eyes stayed focused on his hand caressing Sherlock’s a moment too long.
“Nobody.”
Sherlock saw a glass vase containing roses, the colour of which he couldn’t quite distinguish in the dark, standing on a table below the window. The roses caught his attention, and he frowned. Sherlock knew that Mycroft couldn’t possibly have sent them—he would never be capable of such an affectionate gesture—and no one else knew where he was. Unless, of course, his brother had told someone. Sherlock took a deep breath. Of
Hugging his dressing gown tighter around himself, he curled into a foetal position in the armchair, a sense of something he couldn’t quite pin down welling up inside him—a sort of emptiness, a mixture of heartache, regret and… fear?
There were four faltering footsteps on the wooden floorboards, three shuffles on the rug, and then they halted. John was closer now, standing a couple of feet away from him. He was breathing heavily, slightly breathless from the climb upstairs. If he took one step closer, Sherlock would be able to feel the warmth emanating from his body, the tickling puffs of his breathing.
John hated seeing that puzzled look on his face, even though he knew the doctor hadn’t done anything wrong. He was simply doing his job, providing comfort without giving false hope, and John, as a doctor, more than anyone, should know that. But he couldn’t help but feel annoyed. He wanted to take the doctor by the shoulders and shake him until he understood. He just needed someone to blame, someone to unleash his anger at. And although John knew there was no one to blame, not even himself, he needed to take his anger out on someone.
“It's impossible to say yet.”
“No, not at all.”
“I must have fallen asleep,” Sherlock muttered, digging his toes into the rug.
“Hey. Shh, it’s all right.” Sherlock felt John kiss his eyelids, his eyebrow, and the tip of his nose. His hand wiped away the tear and brushed a curl off his forehead, coming to rest on Sherlock’s cheek, caressing it tenderly. “I’m glad you’re awake.”
Where was John?
“Thank God,” John breathed, relief flooding over him. His legs feeling suddenly weak, he sank back down onto the edge of his chair, and closed his eyes for a second, allowing himself a tiny hope that Sherlock might survive.
Sherlock pinched his eyes shut, his lips pressed together in a tight line. He tried to shut the insufferable noise of passing vehicles and loitering people out of his consciousness, but his attempts were in vain, his sense of hearing seemingly overcompensating for his lost eyesight.
tried, to convince himself that he could do it, suppress the unpleasant feelings, push them away, just like he had done so many times before, but he could feel the pressure slowly building inside, growing stronger and stronger until he felt like a pot on the brink of boiling over, his head feeling like it was going to explode.
John felt as if they had been in the hospital forever, but a glance at the clock hanging on the wall told him that it was half past eight. The day hadn’t even ended, and yet the morning felt so far away, as though the happiness he had felt while lying in bed next to Sherlock was just a distant, dream-like memory. John stifled a weary sigh, focusing his gaze back on Sherlock’s peaceful face. Oddly enough, he looked so young, all his features softened, his lips slightly parted behind the oxygen mask, his dark eyelashes resting on his cheekbones, and a mixed sensation of affection and sadness developed within John.
“What’s wrong?” Sherlock asked, as observant as ever, staring in John’s direction, his forehead furrowed with puzzlement.
As the adrenaline was pouring through his system, kicking in the fight-or-flight response, he was hit with a sudden urge to escape, to run far away before the choking feeling in his throat would strangle the last breath out of him.
“Yeah, nobody important, just some—” John began, trying to sound convincing as he pressed the mute button on his mobile phone, but Sherlock cut him off.
“I’m starving. We haven’t eaten anything since we left home God knows how many hours ago,” John groaned, “And Sherlock, you—“
“You’re quite free to do whatever you want, John. You don’t have to feel obligated to stay or, in fact, do anything. I’m quite capable of taking care of myself and I most definitely do not need you to mollycoddle me,” he said flatly. “Consider yourself dismissed.” He tried to feign indifference, but his attempt fell short of the mark, the quiver in his voice belying the nonchalant look on his face.
Wow, I don't know what to say... it has been over two YEARS since I last posted a new chapter, and I'm truly so sorry that it has taken me such an incredibly and awfully long time. Life got in the way and I wasn't in a good enough place to write, but now I'm back again and I intend to finish this story. I hope that there's still someone out there who wants to find out what's going to happen to our beloved Sherlock and John :)
Unbidden, the thought flitted through his mind that starting a row had merely been a ruse for John to get out of the flat, away from him. Away from the man who no longer could offer him the sort of adventure that had cured his psychosomatic limp and kindled his hunger for life anew after months of wading in the deep, dark depths of despair and misery. Perhaps he had waited for an excuse to escape the new wretched reality of their shared existence, for it would have been too cruel to leave a blind man to his own devices for the sole reason that he was blind. Good, kind John, ever the gentleman.
Sherlock was hovering on the edge of consciousness, the tenacious fingers of sleep tugging at him, trying to pull him back under. As every fibre in his body implored him for another moment of rest, he was tempted to yield to their demand and let them lull him back into merciful unconsciousness, that irresistible state of beatific ignorance. In his dreams, he could still see, images of his past life flowing one by one through his mind: he saw himself racing along the sodden bank of Thames, the rubber soles of his shoes squishing with every step as mud oozed around them, biting wind numbing the tips of his ears, the squelch of reassuring footsteps just a pace behind; he saw himself dashing along Bouverie Street, his breath coming in harsh, staccato bursts, every heartbeat thumping in his ears, the towering buildings of London punctuating the rosy skyline before him; and sometimes all he saw were flashes that flitted through his mind: tender fingers entwining with his, strong wrists, toes curling against snow-white linen, hungry lips, groping hands, golden hair ablaze in the sun.
“Okay. Good. It’s—good.”
With a smile on his face, he finished his order, and made his way back to the hospital room balancing two cups of coffee in his right hand, and holding a stack of two sandwiches and two croissants against his chest.
In the comparing between all the sounds that John had ever heard in his life, this was undoubtedly, he thought, the most perfect one—the steady beep of the heart monitor that told him the one thing he longed to hear, the one thing he so desperately needed to hear.
Anyway, without further rambling, thank you for reading!
“John,” Sherlock whispered again, and John saw his lip tremble.
“Sherlock, don't.” He meant to sound demanding but it came out like a plea. The last thing he wanted was for Sherlock to be any more upset. John knew that it was Sherlock's work that kept him going, kept him away from drugs; the thrill of solving a case, piecing together puzzles, the satisfaction of being right. But now there were other things, Sherlock's health and well-being, to worry about, and Sherlock needed to relax and forget about being the world's only consulting detective for a while. John didn't want to think about what would happen if Sherlock remained blind, if he was unable to work, unable to get his daily dose of adrenaline.
“Wait here,” John added, regretting the words as soon as they were out of his mouth, scolding himself silently.
, I presume. How delightful.” There was a sting in his voice as he laid an emphasis on the word “chums”.
room, after spending a good fifteen minutes carefully groping his way across the living room, touching every object along his path, running his fingers over surfaces, feeling, observing. Sherlock had refused any help, refused to use a cane.
“Do you have any other symptoms? Any pain?” John asked, shifting into doctor mode.
He had lifted the trousers up from the floor, handed them to Sherlock, and without saying a word, John had brushed his hand over Sherlock's cheek. Sherlock's body had tensed in response to the unexpected stimulus, making his jaw clench, his body getting ready to flee from danger.
For the past week, Mrs Hudson had tiptoed around the flat, trying to be subtle but failing miserably, offering her help, sweeping, mopping, wiping, dusting the tables, washing the dishes in the kitchen, beating the dust out of the pillows and mattresses in their bedroom, polishing cutlery that did not require polishing, all the while she kept stealing pitying glances in Sherlock’s direction, when she thought John wasn’t looking. She had begun to act more and more like a housekeeper than a landlady until one morning John had found her on her knees, scrubbing the bathroom floor, and decided that he had had enough. He had snapped at her and told her to take the weekend off. John had stared into her frightened eyes and raised his voice, something he rarely did in her presence. He still felt guilty for yelling at her, but her constant presence had made him feel inadequate, as if he weren’t capable of taking care of both the flat and Sherlock.
“Doctor Watson?”
Seeing him like this was completely new to John. John had seen him immersed in his thoughts countless of times, but this was something different: the emptiness in Sherlock's eyes made him look like the life had been sucked out of him, leaving his empty shell slumped beside him in the black sedan taking them to the hospital. His beautiful face was so numb and expressionless, the whole being of him was so hollow, so distant. There was no frown between Sherlock's brows, no twinkle in his eye the way there used to be whenever he was reaching a solution—no indication of him being delving deep into his mind palace.
Anyway, I hope you enjoy and let me know what you think!
The car shot through a set of red traffic lights at a speed far above the speed limit, occasionally running on the pavement to avoid the traffic jam building up. John watched through the car's tinted window how the shocked faces of pedestrians were left behind, and in that moment, he felt infinitely grateful that Mycroft Holmes existed.
. It was always him.
John pulled himself closer to Sherlock until their faces were a mere inch apart. “Hey,” John murmured and brushed the corner of Sherlock’s mouth with his lips, with just the slightest pressure, eliciting a soft gasp from him. “It’s all right.”
The fog enfolded Sherlock into its inescapable embrace, invading his nose and ears, permeating every pore of his skin.
Sherlock was startled inwardly as John’s voice invaded his thoughts, and he realised that he hadn’t listened, having lost himself in John, his taste, his touch.
Maybe he would stay for a while, a few weeks perhaps, to avoid being too obvious, but then he would leave. John would collect his laptop, fold his countless jumpers and walk out the front door of 221B Baker Street, never to return. John would leave him, and Sherlock would understand, it would break his heart, but he would understand.
And he felt like he was suffocating, as if all the air had been sucked out of his lungs and replaced with lead, weighing him down.
“Easy, Sherlock. Let me help you.”
Half-breathless, John paused at the bottom of the staircase. The surge of adrenaline that had been triggered by the unnecessary, frustration-induced dispute between Sherlock and him had reduced his breathing to harsh, shallow gasps. Closing his eyes briefly, he leaned against the handrail and directed his attention to drawing air into his lungs through his nose. With each step down the seventeen stairs of 221B Baker Street, his resolve had grown weaker and weaker, and as he stopped to linger in the hallway, he could feel the last vestige of his anger ebbing away, replaced by crushing sadness—the same sadness he had felt when Sherlock had shut the door of his bedroom in front of John’s outreached hand; when he, for the first time, had been denied a good-morning kiss, his lips landing somewhere near Sherlock’s ear as the man had discreetly ducked his head; when his suggestion of having dinner together had been met with an impatient “Not now, John”.
Please, let me know what you think and I hope you enjoy!
Fumblingly, he tried to get a hold on what was happening, but his thoughts felt awfully slow, as though they were snails trudging along the sulci of his brain. He was vaguely conscious that something had aroused him, but the memory of it kept eluding him, skittering just beyond reach of the fingertips of his mind.
Squinting his eyes, he continued to scan the room for any sign of movement, any indication of the presence of someone else. Sherlock was certain that he had heard something. He had heard someone calling John’s name, but he didn’t recognise the voice. It was unmistakably male, but it sounded oddly weak, cracking.
And then Sherlock smelled it, and his stomach seized.
John swallowed against the thick lump in his throat. Mycroft looked like he wanted to say more but couldn't bring himself to find the words. The air was thick with emotion that neither of them dared express. They stayed silent for a long time until Mycroft nodded and turned to walk away, leaving John standing alone in the middle of the waiting room.
Breathing out through his nose, John rubbed his forehead tiredly. He didn’t have the energy to argue, not tonight. “Sherlock…”
John swallowed to get rid of the lump forming in his throat, nodded and motioned for her to continue.
“You know I am,” Sherlock said after a moment’s silence. His voice sounded dry and cracked, thin.
(See the end of the chapter for
Squinting his eyes in the darkness, John spent a moment staring in the direction of the window, and his thoughts shifted back to the dream he had just had. He wasn’t the type to believe that future could be predicted from dreams, but all the same, the dream had made him feel unsettled, and his brain refused to forget it, refused to even
John stifled a sigh, running his unoccupied hand across his forehead. “I know.”
As John tucked his mobile phone back into his pocket, he tried not to think about all the possible causes of sudden vision loss, but the strong odour of antiseptic and latex, reminding him of his medical degree, made it difficult. In his career, he had seen a few patients with acute-onset total blindness, but in almost all cases their vision loss had been caused by trauma, and John was fairly certain that Sherlock hadn't suffered any physical injuries recently. But then again, he could never be sure. Sherlock was always putting himself in dangerous situations in order to escape, as he would say, the dullness of
Holmes, John thought, was going to give him relationship advice. The thought made him cringe internally. He wouldn't want to hear it if his life depended on it. John shifted his weight from one foot to the other and cleared his throat, not knowing what to say.
The rustle of the duvet and squeaking of mattress springs brought him back to reality, replacing the blurry vision with total darkness.
But his anger wasn’t directed at Sherlock. He couldn’t blame Sherlock after what had happened to him. No, not in a million years.
“Shh, it’s all right, love. You’re all right.”
In other circumstances, John would have been annoyed, even angry, because he hated being told what to do, especially by Mycroft, but for now, the only thing he cared about was Sherlock. He had to find him, and save him, just like Sherlock had saved him.
The doctor smiled at him briefly, but then his face went serious again. “Would you mind if we went to my examination room so that I could take a look at Mr Holmes’ eyes.”
Sherlock forced himself to take a deep breath, his eyelids stinging with the suppressed emotions. And then he felt it: a throbbing pain inside his head. It was like a hammer hitting his brain again and again. He had been so lost in his thoughts and his body had been so flooded with adrenaline that he hadn't felt it before, but now the pain hit him like a wave. Sherlock's trembling hands found their way to his head and he grimaced. He didn't have to say anything; John had noticed his pained expression.
“Dr Watson, I must ask you to calm down.”
And as much as Sherlock wanted him to stay, his reason told him that he wouldn’t be able to bear seeing John grow to hate him, feeling him fall out of love with him. Because John would inevitably start to despise him. He would loathe being stuck with a cripple, having to exchange blood-pumping chases for leisurely strolls, the constant possibility of danger and the rousing presence of uncertainty for a brain-rotting, humdrum routine of life. John had always hated what he viewed as his weaknesses: his limp, needing a cane, the PTSD-induced nightmares, the intermittent tremor in his left hand. No doubt he would grow to be repulsed by Sherlock’s disability as well.
It was his favourite voice, a voice he would recognise anywhere, the voice he always listened to.
Light-headed, he struggled up into a sitting position, his bare feet hitting the rug, and with a jolt of surprise, he noted that the wool was cold under his soles, the warmth in which he had been swathed earlier a distant memory.
“Please, don't,” John sighed, letting his shoulders fall forward.
John’s stomach seized. “The only thing, huh?” He was hurt and Sherlock seemed to sense it though he couldn’t see.
John let out a tired chuckle. “We suck at this, don’t we?”
Sherlock Holmes had always considered showing emotions as a sign of weakness and love as a dangerous disadvantage. How ironic it would be if he were to die of a broken heart.
John placed one last kiss on his lips, pulling away, and reached to caress the outline of Sherlock’s bottom lip with his thumb. After a moment’s hesitation, he began, “You say you’re fine, but just so you know, it’s okay
“Sherlock...” John began, but he let the sentence trail off, at loss for words.
Sherlock made an annoyed voice in the back of his throat. “I? I need some time? Are you sure it’s
John Watson had always known that Sherlock Holmes was a dangerous man. In some inexplicable, indescribable way, he had known that from the beginning, from the first second he had laid eyes on those dark, unruly curls, and caught a glimpse of those brilliantly blue eyes, he had known. And no matter how much John dodged, refused, or denied, it always came back to that simple fact in the end. It was the naked truth. Period. No use embellishing it.
Hi everyone!
“No, it’s not fine, Sherlock,” he bristled. “I shouldn’t have run out like that. I was a complete jerk.”
John let out the breath he had been holding. “Will his vision return?” As soon as the words were out of his mouth he wanted them back, already knowing what the doctor's answer was going to be. He felt his heart sink into the pit of his stomach.
There was no way he could stop loving the person who had had such a profound impact on his life. Sherlock had made him feel so alive, made him realise that life was worth living, saved him from his paralysing depression. Hell, Sherlock had saved his life. Before he had met Sherlock, there had been far too many nights when he had held his gun in his hands, feeling a great temptation to pull the trigger.
John was always showing him how much he cared, in both words and actions, and he had started to believe that John really loved him. It hadn't been easy. Sherlock had had a hard time understanding why someone so perfect would love someone like him, him who was so arrogant, inconsiderate, obnoxious, rude—some people had even called him heartless.
Sherlock was drowsy from the pain medication the doctor had given him, lying motionless with his eyes closed. The only movement John could detect was the rhythmic rising and falling of his chest. At first, Sherlock had refused to take any medicine, for fear of falling asleep, but John had insisted he took the pills, when he had seen that Sherlock was covered in a light film of perspiration, sweat drops forming on his forehead, his brow furrowed, his lips pressed in a thin line. John knew that Sherlock could tolerate a lot of pain without complaining, without the slightest expression of discomfort, so seeing him wince, pain excruciatingly apparent on his features, was more than John could bear. “Please, Sherlock, for me,” he had said, and to his surprise, Sherlock, who was without a doubt the most stubborn human being he had ever encountered, hadn't rolled his eyes, hadn't sighed in exasperation. Sherlock had tossed the pills in his mouth and swallowed all three of them without further argument. “For you,” he had said, closing his eyes.
John had decided to leave, then, he thought morosely, his heart sinking in his chest. He had been holding on to the faint hope that John would return after he had regained his composure, that he would vacillate in the hallway until his anger had abated enough for him to come back to his senses and come back to Sherlock. But that hope dissolved the instant the front door closed with a merciless thud, and he was left alone in the now-desolate confines of their flat. He could sense almost palpably John’s absence; it curiously seemed to manifest as a physical sensation in his chest, like a chasm opening somewhere in the middle, an overpowering hollowness gnawing at him from inside. Without John’s presence, the flat felt unsafe, and in some indefinable, though not alluring, way even dangerous. He ached to hear the tapping of John’s fingers against the keyboard of his laptop, the slurp of tea and the ensuing hiss of indrawn breath when the hot liquid singed his mouth, the rustle of turning newspaper pages, the unconscious drumming of his fingers against the arm of his chair—the mundane day-to-day sounds that grounded him and made 221B Baker Street feel like home.
to see him. He needed to know that Sherlock was alive, breathing, blood flowing through his veins into his right atrium, through the tricuspid valve into his right ventricle and forward, his cardiac myocytes contracting in synchrony, pumping the blood into the systemic circulation to nourish every fibre of his body. John needed to feel Sherlock’s pulse pounding in his wrists, feel the soft breath from his nostrils, his lungs expanding as they filled with air. Knowing that Sherlock was alive wasn’t enough—John needed to feel his presence in every cell of his being.
Suddenly, one of the men, John, shifted in his sleep, his knee untangling itself from the other’s legs, and his arm falling away limply from around the man’s slender waist. As he rolled onto his back, his face was caught in a shaft of sunlight that slanted in through the window, and his eyes fluttered, the warmth teasing them open. With a groan that turned into a face-distorting yawn, he blinked in the blinding glare of the sun, attempting to adapt to the offending brightness, and stretched out his legs, unintentionally pushing the twisted sheets at the foot of the bed to the floor. He winced at the thud, but the man beside him didn’t stir, the delicate curve of his back turned away from him, each bump of his spine jutting beneath his pale skin.
After all, John thought bitterly, he was good at keeping his feelings dammed up inside: it had taken two years and three shots of whiskey before the dam of longing for his flatmate had finally burst and released all his pent-up emotions. He had spent two years trying to deny what he knew was true. Two years of wishing, hoping that Sherlock would feel the same way about him, but always coming to the same conclusion that it was unlikely—impossible, even—because Sherlock didn’t feel things that way, he wasn’t interested in something so
Take care <3
“Wha—“ John began, but the word died on his lips. Stunned, he stared at Sherlock, suddenly unsure of whether he was awake or not. He hadn’t expected this at all, hadn’t prepared himself for the possibility that Sherlock would want to go back to work so soon after losing something of such crucial importance to him. He had thought that Sherlock wouldn’t want anyone at Scotland Yard seeing him so vulnerable, pitying him. “Sherlock… It’s only been a week since…” He couldn’t finish the sentence, the words got stuck in his throat.
“Got your text.”
had been wronged. He knew he had to pull himself together for the sake of Sherlock. He was tired and in desperate need of rest and undoubtedly having one of the worst and most emotionally draining days of his life, but he knew that there was no excuse for him to act like a child throwing a tantrum.
It should have been an ordinary Sunday morning: soft, slow kisses leading to Sherlock pleading his name, begging him to continue, to take him into oblivion. John would have felt Sherlock's body trembling beneath him, John's every thrust consuming him, soft cries and harsh breaths. Sherlock's lips everywhere, sending hot shivers down his spine, taking him over the edge.
Then there were hands under his arms, lifting him up.
It would be lost like his ability to look into a microscope. He would never again be able to hunch over his microscope to conduct chemical analyses. Never again would he look through the lens and examine crime scene samples. He would struggle to perform even simple tasks, let alone conduct detailed experiments. Studying the chemical composition of substances, such as tobacco ash, would be much more difficult—someone might say impossible, but Sherlock was certain he would find a way. And if he didn’t, Sherlock thought, at least John wouldn’t mind. He had always found his experiments ridiculous, anyway.
There was another twitch, stronger this time. John drew in a quick breath and waited. The anaesthesia was wearing off.
John heard Sherlock take a shuddering breath.
John got up from the chair he had dragged over to Sherlock’s hospital bed and went into the bathroom to fill a plastic cup with water. He considered turning on the light in the room but decided against it. His eyes already adjusting to the darkness, he walked back and sat on the edge of the bed. John could see the outline of Sherlock’s upper body in the dark, his bare chest rising and falling evenly to the rhythm of his breathing. More than anything, John wanted to be closer to him, wrap his arms around Sherlock’s slim form and feel his breathing, his chest rising below him, but there was only one bed and it was rather small, and John didn’t want his tossing and turning to keep Sherlock awake. He knew that it would have taken only one call to Mycroft to have him arrange another bed, but there were more important things to worry about than getting a good night’s sleep.
Everything was as they had left it, from the low, monotonous ticking of the ancient-looking wall clock—handed down from Mrs Hudson’s grandparents by the look of it—to the teak bookshelf bending under the weight of his partner’s hardcover volumes. A battered desk with numerous paper documents and case files strewn over its surface huddled in the corner, a leather-cushioned cantilever chair with a steel frame carelessly pushed aside from it. Several crinkled medical journals from the New England Journal of Medicine and a few dog-eared books cluttered the floor, keeping company with dust balls and miscellaneous objects from a desolate-looking chess-board knight to a grimy tennis ball.
man, trained to keep his emotions bottled up, to keep cool even in a crisis, always able to rise above his feelings, be the master of them. And he tried, he
John had taken Sherlock's arm on his shoulder and helped him descend the seventeen stairs of their apartment, placing his right arm securely around Sherlock's slim waist, trying to convey through his body language that he would take care of him, help him through this.
“Who's texting you?”
“No need to apologise, sir. I know this is hard for you, I really do. But you must understand we’re doing everything we can,” the doctor said, his gentle tone making John feel guilty for his outburst.
His beautiful John.
“I figured,” he whispered in a faint voice. It grated on him that he didn’t know what time it was exactly, but from the coolness of the rug, the sparse traffic outside, and the tired huskiness of John’s voice he gathered that it was indeed late; somewhere around one or two in the morning. He felt an itch to know the precise time, but his pride thwarted him from asking.
Watching the rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest, his skin stretched taut over his protruding ribs, John found himself waiting in agony for Sherlock to come out of the anaesthesia. Of course he wanted Sherlock to wake up—it was the only thing that really mattered to him at the moment—but he was afraid that the operation hadn’t restored his vision. He was afraid that Sherlock would open his eyes only to realise that he was still blind and would almost certainly remain blind, being forced to rely on his hearing and his sense of touch for the rest of his life. And John knew that Sherlock didn’t like being forced to do anything. Rather, Sherlock hated it, and it never went unnoticed by anyone.
John thought of crime scenes: bending over with laughter after cracking a joke in post-case haze, Sherlock by his side, giggling like a child, a silly grin plastered on his face, his giddiness infectious; he thought of their dinner dates at Angelo’s: Sherlock sitting across him, soft candlelight flickering on his face, beautiful even in the pout caused by John forcing him to eat by shovelling a forkful of gnocchi into his mouth; their evening walks along the banks of the Thames: holding takeaway cups of coffee and each other’s hands, John subtly pointing at people and Sherlock deducing them. And he thought of the night before everything came crashing down: collapsing into bed together, the hot humidity of Sherlock’s breath against his throat, the thin fabric of John’s T-shirt growing clammy against Sherlock’s damp skin.
John’s heart gave an uneasy leap at the tone of his voice. “I just think it would be better if…”
Just as he was about to dive into his Mind Palace to submerge himself into pleasant memories—not his preferred form of escapism, but it would have to do—he felt the beginnings of a familiar headache creeping into the base of his skull. It wasn’t anything unexpected, but that didn’t make him dread it any less. Ever since the fateful morning when he awoke blind, he had been suffering from agonizing headaches, nausea, and occasional bouts of light-headedness. The migraines and nausea were usually worse in the evenings, reducing him into a state of trembling misery, curled in a foetal position on the bed or the bathroom floor, clutching himself, pressing his knuckles to his mouth not to whimper. He took great pains to conceal his symptoms from John, partly because he didn’t want him to worry any more than he already did and partly because he didn’t want to appear even weaker in front of him; he had begun locking himself in his old bedroom, turning down food under the pretext that he was busy, dodging kisses in case John would smell the vomit on his breath, fighting against the nausea until the man retired upstairs to their bedroom, and he could finally lean into the toilet bowl and retch until his shuddering heaves brought up nothing but acrid bile.
To his surprise, Sherlock didn’t protest; he simply nodded again. John tried to study his face but couldn’t read his expression, his closed eyes revealing nothing.
The doctor glanced at Sherlock and saw him nod in agreement. “Very well. There was nothing on the CT scan, and the blood tests came back normal. No infection, nothing. I also took a look at the MRI, and there’s nothing there. No brain injury, no tumour.”
John had promised him that he would be there when he woke up, and Sherlock knew that John wouldn’t have broken the promise. He wouldn’t have gone home and left him alone—he would never do that. John always kept his promises to Sherlock.
First of all, thank you so much to everyone who reads, comments, leaves kudos, and bookmarks! It means the world to me :)
Sherlock couldn't afford to forget John Watson. If he forgot him, he might as well just die. Even a knife in his chest or a rope around his neck would be less painful than forgetting the only person he had ever truly loved. The only person that made him feel like life was worth living. He didn't need cocaine when he was with him; John Watson was better than any drug Sherlock Holmes had ever tried.
He dragged his palms down his face, an undertow of hopelessness tugging at his thoughts. As tired as he was of tiptoeing around Sherlock, he also couldn’t bring himself to communicate his distress to his partner, not when the man had every reason to act like he did. If absorbing himself in experiments and disappearing into his Mind Palace was how Sherlock handled grief, then so be it. After all, it was Sherlock who had just experienced a life-shattering loss, not him. The man had lost his means of navigating life, his extraordinary ability to observe which he had honed through years of diligent practice and assiduous repetition, his talent of taking everything in at a glance. Besides, it would have been ridiculously hypocritical of him to criticise how the man dealt with pain after he himself once had resorted to something as detrimental and unhealthy as heavy drinking to drown his own.
at the way that Sherlock reared back like a spooked animal. He relaxed his grip on Sherlock's coat sleeve, let his hand slip down along the slim wrist, tangled their fingers together.
He laughed, looked down at the ground. It was still early in the day. It only felt like years had passed.
The plane waits on the runway. He looks at it, and is struck with a wave of déjà vu, overwhelming, nauseating. Behind him, the driver has turned off the car. The engine clicks in the cold air.
The letters on the keyboard are all where they are supposed to be. The only thing unusual is the ENTER key. Or, rather, what
John cleared his throat, looked around.
"We've missed you," Molly says. "It's been—"
"Too cold for her in the pushchair," John said. He was shivering a bit now. Sherlock could not quite tell if it was caused by a chill or adrenaline. "It kept getting caught in the snow, anyway. I—uh—" he laughed, a bit self-consciously, "—left it behind."
"Sherlock."
She raised her brows, still smiling. "In any case, I've secured a safe house."
Todd attempts to jerk free, giving John the opportunity to reacquaint him with the wall.
"But I didn't work it out," he says. He looks suddenly miserable, like he could fold in on himself. "I didn't—he nearly died. I nearly killed him."
filled the room. It was not entirely unpleasant.
He went into the sitting room, perched at the edge of his chair. His chest felt curiously hollow.
"Shit," he said.
John presses his lips together. His nostrils flare. He seems to be having trouble controlling his breathing. "Sherlock."
Sherlock kept his gaze on the fire. He did not blink. His eyes began to sting.
She looked back at him, her gaze defiant. "Jimmy's gay."
An apology, John thought. Or, at least, the closest he was likely to get.
Surely that was a good thing. Surely that meant Lazarus had got wherever it was that he needed to go, that he'd been rescued or extracted or whatever the preferred terminology was for stranded spies.
John purses his lips, looks down at the screen again. Resumes reading. "'I thought he was just trying to scare me, but now I think he's telling the truth.'"
"Right," John said. "Because you've done such a fine job so far."
He smiled down into the bedding.
"I assumed you'd feel that way," he said. "I'd like to buy it."
Sherlock had leaned forward and was carefully attempting to detach Rosie from his trouser legs. She was proving to be tenacious.
"Sherlock—"
He is proud of himself for stating it so clearly. His voice very nearly does not shake at all.
John shut his eyes, but did not pull away.
It wrenched something loose in John's chest, and he stepped forward, aching,
It had been a warm day, clouds overhead interspersed with fleeting bursts of sunlight, and the house had not looked particularly frightening or foreboding. It had simply looked sad. Neglected. Long-forgotten.
"Well, no. Not always."
He hated it. He
There was a strange wave of excitement building in the pit of his stomach, a nervous flutter, an electric tingle. It was far too early to leave for work.
She dropped her half-empty bottle onto the tray of her highchair. It rolled and then stopped before reaching the edge, trailing a thin dribble of milk. She squealed, reached for it, pulled it back towards her mouth. Gummed at the nipple.
"Most," John agreed. He did not seem to know what to say.
He used Sherlock's shower, grimaced as he redressed in his own soiled clothes. The bloodstains on his shirt had dried in stiff brown patches.
"He might let you walk away," Mary said. "But I won't."
John touched his face, and he blinked at him.
Sherlock remained very still.
"Sherlock," John says, and he steps up close, very close, so that they are breathing the same air. His brow is pinched tight with stress. His eyes are sad. "I know," he says. "I
"Good morning Dr Watson," Lucy said.
He opened his mouth, shut it again. Went on frowning.
Some well-meaning and impossibly dull neighbor:
Sherlock had lit a fire. Had sat, hunched and thoughtful, in his chair. The takeaway had gone cold on the kitchen table.
Her body language telegraphed concern, fear. She'd covered it up with a smirk and a casual attitude. It was, he was given to understand, how teenagers often behaved. He elected not to call attention to it.
The man's voice had faded, he'd relaxed so thoroughly once John had told him he'd delivered the message. He could not quite imagine the sheer force of will the man must have exerted to remain conscious, to secure his own safety.
"Of course, yeah," John lied. He pumped Mary's hand once, twice, let it go. She had a firm grip.
John looks at him.
He threw the baggie at the wall. It landed with a halfhearted thud, slid to the ground without even giving him the satisfaction of splitting open. He wanted quite badly to be angry, but did not have the energy.
"I wanted you to be someone you weren't," he said. "You know, I—I married someone who was clever and funny and warm and b—" his voice cracked, "—beautiful."
John decided that if he never heard
She had not forced the issue.
"Nothing has to change."
John cannot stand still any longer. He crosses towards them, chest aching. It is a pleasant ache.
look, and you decide to carry on in spite of what you find."
"What are you trying to say?" His mouth tasted like ash. He looked down at his tea, but nothing seemed amiss.
"Good," Sherlock said. His face had warmed. There was an uncomfortable prickling behind his eyes, and the odd fear that he was about to do something dreadfully sentimental. He clapped his hands instead, the sound sharp. "That's settled."
He did not continue speaking.
"Northumberland Street," John echoed. He nodded, though no one could see him.
"I would not have asked Molly Hooper to do this," Sherlock said quietly.
She lifted her head.
Sherlock and Janine stuttered to a stop mid-turn.
"Sherlock," John said, his voice close.
"Bu-uc," Rosie sing-songs, and the dog goes to her willingly enough. He is relaxed and good-tempered, and Rosie is careful not to approach him from his blind side. She keeps a small hand on the top of his head while she cranes her neck to peer out the window.
"The actual anniversary was five days ago," Sherlock looks unsettled. There is a crease between his furrowed brows. "If you. Um. Intended to . . . memorialise the event in some way. Why not then?"
There was no response.
"Sherlock—" John says, holding his gaze. He cannot look away.
"You're really all right?" he asked.
He'd said the same words to Mary. Sherlock had stood next to him at the altar and listened to him make the very same vows. And then, later that night, Sherlock had made a vow of his own.
"Not the case," John snaps. "All of—that. With Julia."
John presses his lips together, breathes out hard through his nose. Leans his head back and stares up at the magnificent sky, at the sunlight filtering through towering clouds. Thinks of Moriarty the way he'd been years ago, leaning in the doorway to their laboratory, his dark eyes fixed on Sherlock. Thinks of how Moriarty had almost spoiled it all, everything that mattered, one whisper at a time.
"Sorry!" a waiter in a cheap tuxedo held up his hands. "Didn't realise there was anyone—I'll just—"
She would not go to Mycroft. It was the only thing he was certain of. Rosie took a certain pride in her independence, and asking him to house her would be a direct affront to her sensibilities. Nor would she simply return to university, not with so much unresolved.
No response.
an idiot, but—"
"You've told us that this laboratory is believed to be haunted." He smiles faintly.
"This must be little Rosamund," Sarah said, bending down to smile at Rosie. Rosie, ever delighted to be the center of attention, beamed back.
things."
John sighed. "Right. Exclamation points, no shouting. Got it." He looked from Sherlock to Janine. "Well. When is it, then? I'll need the details if I'm expected to write about it."
Sherlock stopped.
Sherlock shut his eyes. "Ah."
He opened his eyes, let his arm fall down against his side. His breathing came hard and fast.
A new employee. Someone working behind a desk—ticket sales or gift shop? Or perhaps even someone on the maintenance or janitorial staff. That might allow for off-hours access.
They took a taxi back to Baker Street.
There would have been joy in that reunion, he thinks. Joy and terrible anger, all at once.
Written for
John shook his head. His eyes were damp, his hand clenched tightly at his side. "Sherlock, this isn't exactly easy for me. Just—just let me—"
Sherlock kissed him carefully, delicately, his hands coming up to trace patterns on John's cheeks. John hummed with pleasure, shut his eyes.
"I know," he said, holding up his hand. "I know. I had—trouble. At my flat. My heat's not working."
The phone buzzed in his hand and he jolted, stabbing at the keypad with his index finger to accept the call.
"Glad you're back," Anderson says.
"You don't need to be jealous."
He'd wanted to go and fetch her immediately. But he'd held back, thought of his own childhood, of the bolt-holes he'd accumulated, the secret quiet places he'd crept off to.
John stood and started towards the kitchen, but paused as he reached Sherlock's chair. He looked down at him with that same fond smile playing on his lips. The fading sunlight caught his hair, painted it golden.
Not just someone. John. But why? And when?
Gentle hands, he'd thought. John's hands on Rosie were gentle and soothing, healing hands. Competent. He often claimed to be utter pants at parenting but when he let his instincts take over he was fine. More than fine. Good.
"Erm," John says. He lifts his right hand to the back of his neck, scratches uncomfortably. "No. Not exactly. But I've only been bloody
"Yes," Sherlock said.
John frowns, thinks about what DI Gregory told him. "It's a valuable animal."
Tarantulas. Fat and hairy, squirming on the sheets and on his chest, dropping down from unseen shadows above.
Sherlock lifted his head. "What?"
"No," Sherlock said. "There's something—" he grit his teeth through another wave of pain. His vision dimmed, a frightening, rolling darkness that bled in from the edges. "Something you're not telling me."
"Not doing this right now," he said, quiet. He kept his hand on Sherlock's cheek, his thumb stroking gently, softening the rejection.
"You've got your suitcase," John managed to say. He cleared his throat.
"Janine," he said.
He stood, his joints creaking. There was a pile of cold cases near the door that he'd been ignoring. He went to them now. The folders were old, the pages yellowed and brittle. He took the first file with him into the kitchen, dropped the others onto John's chair without any particular reverence.
Was he failing her again now?
John looked at the faint pink line over his eyebrow, that fresh healing skin that still bore his mark.
"John, wait—"
"In very dry terms, yes," she says.
"Clearly," Sherlock said, his voice flat, his face wary. "And?"
"You asked for my help. Well. Not in so many words. But you know what I mean."
"It wasn't a particularly pleasant holiday, John." Sherlock kept his head turned away, his gaze seeking the ceiling, paying particular attention to the dusty corners, searching for motion.
"Well. That's the romance gone," Janine said wryly.
"Did I get it wrong?"
The stitching where the strap met the bag had begun to fray. John threw himself backwards, the bag giving way, tearing as he toppled, the laptop firm in his grasp.
"If he wasn't the first victim—" John started.
And so I leave them here: imperfect, but striving towards happiness. And, most importantly, together.
Sherlock stared at him.
"He wasn't a man," Sherlock said, opening his eyes and looking through the windowglass as London slipped past. He had missed his city. "He was a spider. A spider at the center of a web. I said that, once."
Sherlock is not Moriarty, not in the ways that matter. He knows that, just as he knows there are (
There were two singed holes in the chair back, the white leather curling outward. Someone
She raised her brows, set her mug back down on the table. There was a little flash of challenge in her eyes as her gaze met his. "Are you?"
The entrance to 221B Baker Street was right next to a charming little café with a red awning. John hesitated at the door, looking both ways, but the few people out on the pavement braving the rain had their heads down or buried under heavy umbrellas, shoulders hunched against the weather. No one paid him any mind.
"I don't think any of them are murderers, if that's what you mean."
John blinked, startled, his hand frozen on his wallet. "What are you—?"
He let the evidence bag drop, the book hitting the ground with a muffled thud.
He smiled down at her, snapped a picture, sent it to Molly along with a text.
"The bravery of the soldier."
additional options—which is what brought you to London on an early train in the first place—you elected to come here at last."
you?" he mused out loud, running a finger over the spine of several obscure medical texts.
Sherlock was silent for a long moment. He stared out towards the rubble that had once been his childhood home. One stone wall remained, defiant.
floating there unanswered on the screen for a long time. And then he went to get ready for his dance lesson.
"Been too long," Greg said. "How's—um—?"
Sherlock's voice, a sleepy slur from the shadows, made John start.
Sherlock rolled over, caught his wrist.
Christ, he was attractive. The skin around his mouth had flushed up red where he'd wiped away the moustache, making him look as if he'd been recently and thoroughly snogged, like stubble had dragged rough against that pale skin and—
Pity, then. He shut his eyes.
"It wouldn't just be me," he'd said, and nodded towards Rosie, who was playing with a set of wooden blocks on the floor between them.
Sherlock looked back at him. His eyes were very pale in the daylight, almost colourless. He shrugged, did not answer.
It did him no good to dwell on it. There was nothing more he could do. Taking another trip to the SIS building would be far more likely to result in arrest than answers.
"Of course you did," John said. There was a sort of good-humoured mockery in his voice, though somewhat strained.
John reached for the first chair, tried not to bump against Sherlock as he sat down. God, but the room was small. He told himself not to look as Sherlock and Janine linked hands conspicuously atop the table. Found himself staring anyway as Janine's thumb moved in small circles along the side of Sherlock's wrist. She'd shined her ring, and it sparkled under the lights.
"And then?" John asked, turning so that his nose brushed against Sherlock's.
Nearly three hours, gone. He couldn't recall if he'd dreamed.
He swallowed, turned back. Did not look at the man's hair again.
Sherlock tilts his head. "That's what?"
John turned off the tap, took a moment to dry his hands. Turned around.
Rosie had just finished with her breakfast, and Mrs Hudson had executed a smooth maneuver, showing Walsingham in as she ushered Rosie down the stairs with her.
Sherlock looked at him, said nothing.
He'd left, yes. He'd packed up and left London behind.
"My neighbor is moving next week," Harry said. "She's got a little girl, about four, I think."
Sherlock breathed hard. His nostrils flared. His chest heaved. He stared down at John without blinking.
He smiled at the sight of a framed periodic table on the wall. There was a tall wardrobe opposite the door, and he went to it, tugged it open. The hinges squealed. John paused, waited. He heard nothing but the sound of his own breathing.
It should have been him, that night in the aquarium. He knows this, he has always known it. He had been living on borrowed time for months, ever since his plane had turned around. It was always supposed to end. When Vivian Norbury had fired her gun, there had been no panic, no regret, only a dull resignation.
John had climbed into bed with him, in spite of his own reservations, and seemed to be making himself comfortable.
"Ah," Sherlock said, perking up. He gave Rosie an unconscious bounce on his hip, and she cooed against his shoulder. "Saved the best for last. Or, should I say, first."
was Mary—
Sarah frowned at him, tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. He was reminded, quite strongly, of the day she'd interviewed him. She'd been pleasant and direct, and he'd been struck with the uncomfortable knowledge that she was exactly the type of woman he'd have gone for, once upon a time.
He carried her out of the room and back down the hall, paused to glance in at a small bathroom. It was unoccupied, undamaged. The bathtub and sink were dry. Rosie glimpsed herself in the mirror and gave a hiccuping sob.
He hadn't even known her face.
"You know," John had said once, mud-splattered and soaking wet, trying to get his trembling hands to cooperate long enough to put the key in the motel room door. "Most people—when I tell them I work in meteorology—ask me if I'm a weatherman."
"It was at the wedding," Walsingham said finally. "During the ceremony. Just a—a clumsy little mistake. That was all. But it took the smile right off of her face."
Ah, that was it. April. He remembered now.
"It's just
"She surprised you," John said. "You didn't see this coming. Somehow. And I think that's making it worse."
Something deep in his chest is wrenching, tearing. He fears he may never be able to put himself right again.
He'd talked plenty, he thought. He'd talked to Sherlock for months after he'd—
If he were ever to marry again—and wasn't
He breathed out, a frustrated huff. Opened his eyes.
Thought about Molly, waiting back at his house with Rosie.
Sherlock scrolled on, paused at a message from a real estate agent. A real estate agent
"Looks like I missed all the fun," Janine said.
Sherlock stood up, eyes on the door, listening for familiar footsteps on the stairs.
When Rosie was thirteen, Sherlock had stood at the top of the stairs and looked at her empty room and had told John
"What?" John says.
"I love you, you bastard," he said against Sherlock's lips. He did not know if Sherlock could hear him, could feel the words his mouth was forming. There were fine tremors running through Sherlock's body, an adrenaline spike, most likely. His hands were very cold. "I love you, and I'm sick of hating you for it."
"You sent everyone home," John said. His voice seemed startlingly loud in the midst of all that silence.
"Oh," Sherlock said. He sounded faintly surprised. "Good. That's good."
"Seriously," John said. "You're telling me this now?"
awful
He went home.
"No, love," he murmured into Rosie's soft hair, bouncing her gently. "Sherlock's back in London. You'll see him later."
Sherlock stood by the fire, coaxing life back into his cold hands.
John glances back at him. Swallows. His face is serious again, tired and pale in the shifting blue shadows. Perhaps that faint, mysterious smile was only a trick of the light.
"Baker Street," John agreed. After a brief hesitation, he took Sherlock's hand, curled his chilled fingers against Sherlock's gloved ones.
"Oh," she said. She sounded surprised. He did not have it in him to wonder at her assumptions.
"Eventful? Eventful how?"
Molly stood on the other side, her shoulders hunched, her hands in her coat pockets.
"Are you listening to me?"
"John," Sherlock said. His voice sounded faint, tired. John did not want to think about what that might mean.
Sherlock is standing near his truck, watching their approach.
like the life had been sucked right out of his body, his eyes wide and stunned and his face frozen. And just as quickly he was masking, he was hiding, he was rearranging his face and his body language into something far more neutral, something utterly indifferent, and if John hadn't seen it, if John hadn't
"Illness."
"I—" Sherlock says, and that is absurd because he really should be able to think of something better to say than that. But his face is hot, his heart is pounding against his ribs and though he has vowed to himself that he is willing to let John go, he is not ready for this to happen. Not yet.
"Obviously."
Mycroft had met his gaze, his eyes narrowed, a predator spotting weakness and circling for the kill. "Then you'd be comfortable unleashing her on the general population?"
"I'm just being polite."
They were, John thought. Beautiful.
"It's just—" John shook his head, not making eye contact. His finger went on scratching at the chair. He licked his lips. "Bad memories there, you know? Well. Not just bad memories. Good ones too. But—"
That jars him loose. He sets his basket down on the ground, grips the pushchair with both hands. Steps forward with a determined stride.
"Who is this?"
And he thinks maybe he knows why Sherlock left it for him.
Eventually, John had reached over and turned off the tap. He'd given a little self-conscious laugh and stepped out onto the tile. He'd towelled himself briskly, dressed. His hair stuck up in appealing damp silver spikes and Sherlock had wanted to
"Sherlock," John said, helpless, bewildered.
John stiffened slightly. Hesitant again. "All right?"
John turned away, unsettled by Sherlock's unwavering gaze. He poured the tea, taking his time. When he finally turned back, Sherlock had returned his attention to the microscope. John stepped forward, set a mug on the table next to his hand.
Thinks of Sherlock's face, open and vulnerable in an overwarm motel room, his eyes distant and his heart thumping steadily under John's ear.
"Almost certainly."
Sherlock snatched the bag out of the man’s hand, left his brother to pay. He went down the hallway to the dining room, upended the bag on the long wooden table. Breakfast pastries. Still warm. He bit into a croissant, brushed at the crumbs that gathered on his shirt.
John laughed, a quiet, dark chuckle that shot through Sherlock's body, coiling in his lower belly, reawakening that startling
He ought to throw it out, he thinks. It's not functional. It's not even particularly sentimental.
Still, the basic layout remained the same. There was a small staff room off of the main lobby and he ducked in, grabbed a white lab coat off of a hook behind the door and paused to glance in the mirror. He scrubbed his hands through his rain-damp hair, flattened the top down in an effort to hide the bruise blooming on his forehead.
He thought about Molly, about the shocked hurt in her voice when he'd called that day to tell her he wasn't coming back, when he'd asked her to cover for him like he was calling out of a distasteful shift at work.
She'd had more reason than most to be pissed off at Mary, and yet she had attempted to be respectful of his sorrow. She had not suggested that he was better off now, without her. Even if the thought had crossed her mind.
"I fail to see how that's relevant."
"I see we have an odd number here tonight—"
John went to the fridge, opened it, looked inside. It was devoid of body parts. There was a small fruitcake, slightly uneven, wrapped in plastic on the top shelf. A handmade gift from a grateful client. Sherlock had accepted it without complaint. Sherlock did a lot of things without complaint, these days.
He did not sleep well.
He does not correct her obvious assumption as she moves away, the dog trotting happily by her side.
Sherlock froze. Turned back. Frowned.
"I apologize," Sherlock said. His tone was flat, devoid of inflection.
Something startlingly vulnerable passed over Sherlock's face, and John thought of that coat, the heavy sodden weight of it, saturated with cold and stinking river water, pushed off of Sherlock's shoulders and down into Thames mud. Trampled. Abandoned. Left.
Janine fawned over pink roses in the third shop, only for Sherlock to sneeringly dismiss them as
have. He should have expected this. It is Sherlock, after all. Sherlock has never shown mercy.
, who prompted:
Their lips met. Sherlock tasted of rain and cigarettes. They fit together perfectly, John thought. Compatible in a way he'd never been with anyone else.
John shut his eyes, rocked a bit where he had slumped. He had not made any effort to clean himself up. He was a rumpled, flustered mess, and Sherlock loved him desperately.
A horn blared somewhere outside. Janine stood up, leaned over to peer out the window.
He lurches forward, sways dizzily on the ledge. John is face down on the pavement, unmoving. There are people rushing towards him.
She goes down the stairs and out the door. He goes to the window, watches as she and the Abominable Brother—as she and
"'Please help. I don't want to end up as fish food. And I don't want anyone else to end up as fish food either, not even Eddie even though he's mean sometimes and might deserve it,'" John concludes. He is smiling again. "Signed Billy Porter, age eight and a half."
He'd mourned Sherlock like a lover. He could see that, now, looking back. The realisation had escaped him at the time. He'd had other things on his mind.
He nodded, looked down at his mug, watched the ripples in the surface of his tea. He did not trust himself to speak.
"I am sorry," Sholto said, and to his credit he did look convincingly contrite. "I don't know what came over me. I never should have come."
He pressed play again. Lestrade's voice, just off screen. Ah. The birthday video. He'd made a birthday video for John, after the fiasco with the monograph—and oh, Christ, there he was mentioning it.
"Henry," Sherlock soothed, his voice low.
There, the words he'd dreaded and anticipated. The calm quiet comfortable end, the amicable parting. Meaningless words from those too polite to say goodbye.
The most likely scenario was that John, having concluded his successful interview by mid-afternoon, had looked at the weather forecast and had elected to remain safely in Bristol for another night. A prudent course of action, especially considering he had a child in tow.
John had smiled—a small, weary smile. It was inexplicable, that smile. He should have been filled with regret, with remorse, with pity. He should have been steeling himself to offer his explanation, his apologies.
"Shut up," John said. He held up his hand, shut his eyes. Breathed. Now that he'd got here, he realised he had no idea what he wanted to say. "Just give me a minute."
"Wasn't talking about them," John said. His voice had grown sleepy. "Was talking about us."
"Er—this way," she said. She tugged his hand. He followed.
John had made him tea. He had not been home. John would have had no idea when he was expected to return from Belarus, as he hadn't bothered to text details. But John had made him tea.
He sighed, went back out into the café. Mary was still at the little booth where he'd left her, sipping delicately at her coffee. She smiled widely when she saw him approaching.
He could not text Wiggins for help. Wiggins was dead.
This was not a mystery he was eager to solve.
London seemed very far away.
He knew very well what it meant in that context. He thought of the dirt and dried blood on the man's face the first time they'd spoken. Thought of the stiff movements and the pained voice.
Allie Turner met them in a café near the inn, sat prim and pale and nervous across the table. Picked at a scone with shaking fingers.
She looked over at Sherlock with horror, saw only the dark curly top of his head poking out from under the sheet. Now was not the time to freeze. He’d trusted her. She wouldn’t freeze.
He had already seen what was inside of him, had got a good close look at it, and it was ugly. It was ugly, and what was worse, it had felt
"Fantastic," John said. He took one of the keys.
He'd gone inside with his chest twinging, suddenly quite nervous. He'd leaned heavily on his crutches.
"Clearly," he said. He looked at her. "Well? What is it?"
He tensed, waited to see if she would need further soothing. When several blessedly quiet minutes passed, he relaxed again, scrubbed his hands over his face.
Sherlock blinks. It is not what he expected John to say. "She's a toddler," he says. "Strong desire for independence paired with limited coordination. It's to be expected."
"Christine Thomas," John said. He glanced at Sherlock, who raised his brows.
Sherlock shrugs, looking slightly discomfited. "Straker was only one piece of the puzzle. I only intended to observe, to look for other connections to larger organisations that I might have missed. He had mistresses, of course, and he was up to his neck in gambling debt, but a few fixed horseraces weren't going to threaten the safety of the commonwealth."
It was an appealing expression, one that was easy to miss unless you knew where to look. John knew where to look.
Cold water. Hypothermia. Drowning. He shut his eyes, tried to think. He had files on this. He just needed to access them. His fingers were numb. His breath came in shocked, wild heaves.
Sherlock closed his eyes. There were dozens of potential outcomes unspooling in his mind, none of them certain. Success was not guaranteed, he couldn't know for sure, he couldn't
The rear door opened.
"There's testing authority and there's bloody obliterating it," John said, but there was chagrin seeping into his voice, slowly edging out that stunned shocked blankness.
He'd need to find a new job, he knew, if he wished to remain in London. And he found himself wanting very much to remain in London.
direct enough for you?"
Sherlock softened his voice. "What is it that you
John shut his eyes. "I didn't say you were. Just—in case."
"Not this time," Sherlock had said. There had been a soft, surprised smile on his face.
A small smile, a practiced little chuckle. "Kidnapping? Is that what you think this is?"
"Your reticence is endangering the life of an agent. I could threaten you with imprisonment," she said.
John had lifted a finger to his lips, a silent shushing motion that was entirely unnecessary; Sherlock would no more have shattered the tenuous quiet of that moment than he would have sawed off one of his own limbs.
He'd gone down the stairs, into the sitting room. Tried not to listen to the sound of John soothing Rosie's wails. Tried not to think of John's hands on his face, on his waist, in his hair. Tried not to think of John's body pressed against his, of the taste of his lips, the feel of his skin under his fingers.
He blinks, shakes his head. His first attempt at speech does not work out very well so he takes a sip of tea, tries again. "Mrs Hudson, I'm sorry, but that's not mine."
Anderson leapt forward and crushed him into a hug, thumping his back hard. Sherlock let out a little
He flinched away. "The tea?"
"What does that mean? Do you think the dog was drugged? The night watchman was dosed with something—the police suspect it was slipped into his dinner."
"You're throwing that around like it could hurt me," she said. "Trying to make me angry so I'll shut up. But John—
the most observant man in the world."
As expected, John did not follow.
"The state of you! Were you caught in that downpour?" she frowned at him, coming closer.
"You know," Pete said as John approached. "I didn't think you'd be coming back. I can usually tell when someone's not really into it."
He'd been quiet that last day amidst the twisted rubble of the Reichenbach, quiet and mud-stained and bloodied and a little unsteady on his feet. He'd been quiet and he'd let John shout at him, and then he'd let John walk away.
"Needed this," Sherlock said, and held up a mobile phone. The glass was broken, a fine spiderweb of cracks stretching out from the bottom left corner.
"Yes. What else?"
"It wasn't even a terrible gift," John said, with a nervous little laugh that said
John had breathed out hard through his nose and Sherlock startled, his hands falling away, horrified embarrassed excuses already building up in his throat.
The thought of creeping back down the stairs, through the party to use the loo was humiliating. He hunched over, willed his stomach to settle.
"I thought he was dead," Hattie had sobbed. "I didn't know what to do. What was I supposed to do?"
"Well. We keep running into each other. Frankly, it's getting a bit weird now."
John snorted, pressed the back of his hand against his mouth to muffle the escaping giggles. Something in his spine relaxed as a weight he'd been unaware of carrying dropped away.
and there is nothing to do but go to him.
"Yes," Sherlock said, his eyes wide, looking flustered and rumpled and apparently unable to think of anything suitably snarky for the moment. "Yes—up. Upstairs. That would be. Good."
"In a manner of speaking," Sherlock said. His voice was hoarse, raw, and he shut his mouth, clenched his jaw.
"I do listen when you talk, you know," John says. "Well. Sometimes."
Janine smiled, looped her arm around his waist.
Janine opened her mouth, shut it again. Turned and went towards the front of the store without a word, her hand pressed over her eyes.
Hope you're all doing well!
He thought about that ring, the one Sherlock had picked out for himself with John's help. Thought about the look on Sherlock's face when Janine had mentioned bringing Pete along to Majorca.
John went to the second refrigerator, opened it.
"Please."
"Last week?" John frowned, scrubbed his hand over his face. He didn't recall—
The dog looked at him, then back at John. It sat down, its back to the flickering fire, its eyes keen.
Sherlock swiveled in his seat, glanced behind him. Other than a child's car seat, the rear seats were empty. Neat. Clean. Of course, the seat fabric had been professionally replaced after the—incident in question. An expensive endeavour, though quite successful. If one didn't know that Rosamund Watson had made her dramatic entrance into the world  in the back seat of this particular Audi, one would never guess.
"Couldn't get a cab," John said. He took a step into the room, then another. "Walked."
"How very human of you," Mycroft sighed, pronouncing the word
Sherlock opened his eyes.
John looked at the table.
They went through the lobby of the hotel. Sherlock edged away from the elevators towards the stairs, and John followed without complaint.
He should feel the loss keenly. He should be crushed with it, he should be desperate, he should be frantic. He is not. He is, instead, rather frighteningly calm.
Another Mycroft-at-Sherrinford moment that was cut when I reworked the story from Sherlock's perspective.
"That's not true," he said, but even as he spoke he could hear the lie in his voice.
John shook his head, glanced around, panic flaring. His first thought had been to step outside, but it would entail herding Sherlock past where Greg was leaning against a table near the door chatting with Sally Donovan, and he didn't want to be intercepted.
"Staff only," a man in chef's whites barked at him.
"Problems with the Doppler?"
John woke early, blinking off the vestiges of a thin and unsatisfying sleep.
Sherlock blinked. The room felt at once much too cold and far too warm. His hands trembled. John seemed upset at having spoken, but his words were—good.
"What people?" There was genuine alarm in Sherlock's voice.
been angry. At some point he'd been angry enough to want to destroy the disc. He'd started to do so, had stopped. Something had stopped him. Sentiment. He'd not gone through with it. He'd kept it.
For a moment she looked poised to scream, but then her eyes caught on the bookshelf and her face relaxed as she studied the curiosities stacked there.
"Yeah, well, that's the sort of thing you find fun."
There was something contrite in his voice, in his demeanor. Bit like a kicked puppy, really.
Sherlock's eyes were closed, wiry muscles coiled beneath his skin. He looked utterly overcome, overwhelmed, his head rolling against the pillow, his chest heaving, his hips rocking in gentle waves against John's own.
Sherlock thought of John standing in the doorway, the frozen expression on his face. Thought of the words he'd tried to force out, the words he'd been holding in for so long, the words that John had not wanted to hear.
"She'll never suspect a thing," he stage-whispered. "Bit of an idiot. Well. Everybody is. Oh, don't take it personally!"
Lazarus. Or whoever he really was.
There had been dates. Loads of dates. His problem had never been attracting women. It was keeping them interested that was proving to be a challenge. He supposed his most interesting days were long behind him. That did not bode well for his romantic future.
His brain came online with a terrible grinding slowness.
"You didn't have to—" John shifted where he stood, suddenly awkward. There was very little space between them, there in the little alcove by the stairs. He'd gestured towards the doorway, shrugged. "—stay. You didn't have to stay. I'm sure it was—I'm sure you had things to do, and—"
Perhaps the circumstances surrounding his daughter's birth?
"Then stop. Stop this."
"What's to talk about?" He forces a laugh. "We were married. It didn't work out."
Mary clears her throat.
She choked out another laugh. "Is that what he's told you?"
A pause, and then Sherlock began to giggle again. The sound started out small, then built until John could not help but join in. It felt good to laugh. Something tight relaxed in his chest.
tied me up in a flat in Wapping. Surprisingly strong, I'll grant you, but terribly unobservant. Didn't even realise I'd pickpocketed the bracelet off of him while he was knotting the ropes."
"—just because I don't have a bloody
Sherlock blinked again. Thought again about that long-ago moment—John and Mrs Hudson, standing just a shade too close. Mrs Hudson speaking in a low voice, her hand on John's arm, her gestures tender but her expression fierce.
"You traumatised her," John said. "You
"No, I—I know who he is. Was. Just—"
"A few days ago, I had no idea that this was something you wanted."
"I'm glad you're all right, brother," Mycroft said. He seemed to want to say more, pressed his lips together instead. After a moment, he cleared his throat. "An extraction team will be at your location tonight. A thoroughly vetted team. You're receiving adequate care?"
When he was done, he jogged up the stairs to his flat. He made no effort to step quietly.
He opened his mouth, shut it again. Moistened his lips. His face had gone quite warm. "Yes," he said. He cleared his throat. There was a smile pulling at the edges of his mouth. "I think so. I hope so."
He looked again at the case, with its crack and its lightened streak of stressed plastic. Someone had tried to break it, had changed their mind. Had stopped. Had instead tucked it away carefully out of sight.
"Well," she says. "Thanks. I guess."
He hated it.
"Watson," he'd said, when he felt ready. "A little assistance."
John remembered. He remembered everything. Sherlock's quiet instruction, devoid of his usual impatience. His own stiff hesitance eventually relaxing into acceptance. The clumsy bump of their feet together with every misstep. Sherlock had been right to insist that he take his shoes off. He'd have trampled all over fragile toes otherwise.
"I gather," he said, speaking slowly, irritation unfurling in his chest, "that this is all supposed to
"No," John said, and he didn't even seem perturbed by the barb. "I've seen you thinking. This is something else."
He has to talk himself out of handcuffs.
Sherlock looked away from the fire. The room had gone dark and still around him. The guests were gone. He had not heard them leave.
"John," she says delicately. "Are you—?"
"All right," she'd said, finally, and her voice had lost its sharp edge.
"Yeah," John said. He offered a bland smile. They seemed to find the bland smiles reassuring. Less so when he showed too many teeth. "Come on in."
" Sherlock snapped.
She always had preferred a direct approach.
He walks and he tries not to think about Robert Walsingham's missing bride.
"Clearly," Mycroft favored him with a sour expression.
"John," Sherlock said. His voice sounded strangled. He blinked, hard, shook his head, opened his mouth again.
He had no idea why Mary had agreed to be seen in public with him.
new information?"
"Sorry," he said, finally. He took a too-bitter mouthful. Swallowed. "I don't have any to spare."
John blinked in surprise, glanced over at Sherlock before he could stop himself. Forced himself to look away.
Perhaps he was.
"Okay," she said.
John breathed out hard through his nose. "No."
Instead he went up the next flight of stairs on wooden legs, towards his old room. He couldn't show up at Mrs Hudson's door looking and feeling like this. He needed to get himself under control, and he needed to do it somewhere that was not mere steps away from Sherlock's (closed, closed, closed) bedroom door.
Dangerous. And not in a good way.
"All of the victims had pasta before they died," he said out loud. He slowed his stride. "Why pasta?"
Sherlock starts to shake his head, pauses. Shrugs. "Might as well make it official, then."
Mycroft and Sherlock the morning after the Sherrinford debacle.
He is at once more comfortable than he's been in years, and more miserable.
"Christopher Thomas was the first victim," Sherlock said, toning down his interested good humour slightly. Only slightly. "Apparently there was a good deal of money tied up in the wedding. Something of a spectacle, by all accounts. He and his bride had arranged a photo opportunity on horseback following the ceremony. Witnesses claim there was a loud noise. His horse spooked, he was thrown. The whole thing was caught on camera."
"Is she the one who helped you? When—"
"You," Sherlock added, "are uniquely qualified to provide the kind of backup I need."
Sherlock looked down at the ground. At some point in the night he'd dropped his glass. It had spilled sticky remnants into the rug. Not the worst thing the rug had ever seen.
"You let me grieve," John says. "You let me—how could you
Sherlock is not much for shopping, and he'd sooner shout down to Mrs Hudson for a sandwich than take Rosie somewhere for lunch.
Panic. The killer had stabbed and fled.
Sherlock said nothing, moved past the fridge to scan the gleaming stainless steel countertops, bending to peer into one of the ovens.
"Shut up," Todd says.
It had not been his preferred outcome.
"Precisely," Mycroft spoke with a quick, grim flash of teeth.
"Thankfully not."
Instead, John had laughed, an involuntary giggle that bubbled up from deep in his chest.
"You've been helping yourself."
They went out through the door together, Molly ducking her head and laughing at the catcalls.
He thought of Mary—well, not Mary, exactly, but the Mary who lived in his head—saying
"Oh?" the woman on his right (Gemma? He was fairly sure Lucy had called her Gemma) said, offering him a wide smile. "What a coincidence. I'm a single mum."
"You absolutely did not."
The phone was ringing.
The shore. Where—?
There is a creak in the hallway, just outside his door. John sighs, runs a hand across his face.
"I know that," John said, gasping his words out on an exhale. "I know."
Against Sherlock's skin—and—trailing against his own, last night.
"So," John said, after a long silence. "West Sussex."
Janine had said. She'd been smirking. It had all been a big joke, and it would surely remain a big joke right up until they were standing face to face at the altar in front of a vicar, and then—
Mary slipped her gun back into its holster. She turned to look at John.
"Look, I'm not really interested in—" she stopped, blew out a frustrated breath. "You knew, from our earlier conversation that—well. That it wasn't really working out. And now you've just sort of stopped showing up for work. So. I think we ought to just make this official, yeah?"
John's mouth went dry.
The gunshot stopped him cold. He put his hands on his knees.
His hand is on John's shoulder, and now John knows what he tastes like, and he knows the soft sounds he makes when he's kissed, and oh, Christ, John has missed him.
Sherlock was standing at the mantel, frowning down at the skull. He turned at the sound of John's voice.
"You're sure you didn't hear anything last night?"
Sherlock had scoffed.
"Yeah," he said, and sighed. "I know."
John smiles. It is not a happy smile. He looks down. "Couldn't."
He took a sip of his own drink, tried not to think about any of it.
"The man you're restraining fancies himself a jewel thief. Tried robbing a shop in Covent Garden just last week, but chose the wrong display case and ended up with a sack full of cubic zirconia."
John turned around to face him. His eyes looked sunken, shadowed.
"Shh," he said, but he could not stop a smile from spreading across his face. He went to her, picked her up, cradled her against his chest. She was warm and solid. "How long have you been keeping that little trick a secret, hm?"
"And I imagine if I looked further, if I pulled on some of your threads, the trail would lead straight back to Lady Smallwood."
He slipped it out of the evidence bag, pressed the power key.
The bathroom door slammed.
"You know," he said. "Weaving. Speeding. I asked him to pull over."
"The tanks are a controlled environment," Sherlock says finally, after the silence has dragged on for far too long. "Apparently the introduction of foreign material—human remains, in this case—is frowned upon. Well. I suppose it would be frowned upon regardless of the environment."
The hinges squealed as he pushed out through the dented door. Rain pelted down against his face. He grabbed for his laptop bag, dragging it along with him.
"But—"
Teething. She'd been teething, and had ground her teeth against the wood in search of relief. The marks were a few months old, at least. Irrelevant to the current situation.
"Oh just—just do what he says," Lestrade said. He ran a hand through his hair, stared up at the ceiling. "Explain."
"This is the sort of thing that happens in films," John said. There was a weary humour in his voice now. "Last minute declarations, and all that. It's not nearly as romantic as they'd have you believe."
Sherlock has been dismissed, and so he goes up the stairs. Behind him, he hears the creak of door hinges, Mrs Hudson's pleased greeting, Rosie's squeal of joy.
John grinned. Christ, but this madman was delightful.
He frowned, tapped the icon. Hesitated as he realised the notification was not for Alice, as he'd thought, but for his own personal account which he rarely used.
"Something like that," Sherlock said, a slow smile spreading across his face. "Gone wrong, or . . . gone right."
She frowns at him and he watches her contemplate the lie before giving in and retreating back into the bathroom. He hears the squeak of the tap, the rush of water.
"I don't understand it," he said, and it felt like a balloon was slowly expanding in his chest, cutting off his airway. His voice sounded distant, unfamiliar, gasping and choked. "It's not—I don't—"
"Is that what he said?"
Sherlock stopped tapping his fingers. Regarded her curiously. "Thank you," he said.
Endless thanks to my wonderful beta
sad, I'm fucking devastated, but I don't miss her. The mother of my child, and I don't miss her."
John hesitated for a long moment, studying him, his face difficult to read in the blueish light from the television screen. Then he carefully, slowly arranged himself so that his head was on the pillow, resting on Sherlock's lap. He held himself quite stiffly, his shoulders tense, his movements unsure.
"A new kitchen?" John asked, between hiccupping giggles.
He took another pull on the cigarette, shut his eyes.
He set his mug back down on the table. Smiled tightly. "I don't know. Maybe."
After you fell. Jumped. Whatever. The papers called it a scandal. NSY cleaned house. Sacked a lot of people."
That was that. He was deluding himself if he expected anything more to come of it.
Sherlock shifted towards him willingly, pillowing his head on John's chest, letting out a quiet little hum of contentment. John shut his eyes against a sudden sting. His breath emerged shaky.
"Why?"
Evan Bell stood in the corner of the room, staring at him from the shadows. He looked older than John remembered, his face haggard and haunted.
"It's obvious what you're thinking."
"Why are you doing this?" he asked.
There is a gunshot, a cascade of shattering glass, and the murderer sprawling on the dirty floor with a hole in his chest and his breath whistling through his teeth.
"Sherlock?" John called down.
John ignored him. He looked at Sarah, who was looking back at him with an earnest expression.
It had been Molly, of all people, who had first brought James Moriarty into their lives. Molly who'd poked her head into the laboratory one evening, a smiling dark-eyed devil on her heels.
John went into his cramped little bedroom. Sherlock stood in the doorway and watched as John crouched to check on Rosie, as he straightened the bunched blankets and placed a kiss on her feverish forehead.
"Oh," Sherlock said. He blinked. Blinked again. The frozen, mechanical expression slipped from his face, leaving him looking painfully uncertain.
"Oh," Molly said, her face lighting up. She nodded, a bit too enthusiastic, a bit too earnest. "Good, then. That's—that's good."
"Sherlock?" Victoria's voice this time, high and flirty. "Sherlock, you can't keep hiding in there!"
"Well. The ID badge was a start," she said. She met his smile.
feelings?
His waning adrenaline yielded to a satisfying rush of anger, and he opened the message without bothering to read the attached patient information. He half-hoped it would turn out to be some hapless bloke with a rash, something dull, something ordinary. Something to remind him that, whatever had happened to him that morning, it was not his life.
He thought of the way she used to look at Sherlock, like he'd hung the moon. He'd always thought it a bit pathetic, though he'd never said as much out loud. He'd pitied her, in a way. And yet—
Sherlock glanced at him. His mouth quirked. "Well. I had to make
"I’m just so glad you're home," Mrs Hudson said, and John shut his eyes again, nodded, let her hug him.
"Ree," she demanded, handing it to him.
"Lestrade," he said.
"Yeah," John said. "I—yeah. Thank you."
Sherlock swallows. Thinks about John being reduced to a regrettable error.
In a few short hours, it would be January first. His lease was up at the end of January.
She brushed past him without another word, her face tight and unhappy.
In nearly all of the photos, Sherlock had his head down, staring at his phone. He looked disinterested, bored.
Sherlock studied him. He'd clearly changed his plans in order to remain at Baker Street for the remainder of the evening. He'd done so quickly, quietly, and without much complaint. Not work—he'd not have begged off a shift no matter how guilty or obligated he felt. A social engagement then. And not one he was particularly attached to.
Jim fell forward with him, his dead eyes manic, his face contorted. His breath was hot and fast against John's face.
John has not spoken, but it seems that Sherlock has heard him anyway.
No. Not rolling. Static. Patterned. Wallpaper.
"She never delivered my message," John said. He knew he was babbling but could not stop himself. "My first bloody message. Christ. If I'd realized—all that time—I thought I was helping and—"
"Whatever it is that you're prevaricating on, just do it," Sherlock said into his pillow. "For God's sake, just stop thinking so loudly."
So instead he paced like a caged tiger, hackles up, spoiling for a fight.
So he sat, and he stared at the telly, and he tried not to think about Sherlock.
And Sherlock's name has been cleared. He has been vindicated, though far too late to save his life.
"I've been back at Baker Street a lot lately," he'd told Harry, skirting entirely around the subject of Mary and money and jobs. "Cases, and—well. That sort of thing. It's been good. Yeah."
"Well," he says, babbling desperately now, because if he keeps talking perhaps he can finally stumble upon a good reason for having done this. "He's utter pants at herding sheep, I'm told. But maybe he could—I don't know. Maybe he could be all right at solving crime. Or—er—fetching mud samples for you. Or—" He stops speaking, looks up at the ceiling, the wall. Anywhere but at Sherlock.
"Mm, no, only the memorable ones, so you say," Sherlock wrinkles his nose, adjusts the focus on the microscope. "Still not entirely clear on your methods for defining
It didn't
"And yet that remains the only—and I do mean the only—positive thing I can say about your employment."
His frantic, roving gaze alit on a door just to the left of the bar, likely a little supply cupboard or staff room. He put his hand on Sherlock's back and nudged him in that direction, moving quickly.
"Come here often?" Sherlock asked.
"Come on."
Kitty Riley has been busy. It should anger him, the things she's written. The lies she's peddled. Others have joined in. They have worried and picked at the frayed threads of Sherlock's reputation, have pulled and tugged and unraveled him bit by bit.
John's eyes were damp. He looked small and sad and lost, and Sherlock hated it.
He left quickly, did not return.
"Your protégée. Really?"
"Not sure how much more we'll need you to do," Sherlock said, and
"Last time someone told me to take off all my clothes in the backseat of a car, I had a lot more fun," he said, hoping to lighten the mood.
The McCarthy house was large, well-kept, set back from the road on a rambling plot of land. Picturesque and isolated, far from the endless winding rows of neat brick homes near the rail station.
John had known that it was going to be bad. He had known once they had returned home from the hospital, and Sherlock had locked himself in his room, his
I'm sorry for yet another cliffhanger, but I felt like that was the best way to end this chapter. I haven't decided if I prefer short chapters or not, but they fit my writing schedule better so I have kept them between 1000-2000 words. I hope it doesn't bother you too much :)
“What's his condition?” John couldn't wait any longer.
“Stop it, John,” Sherlock said, his voice cracking on the last word.
“No, that is not true, Sherlock, and you know it.”
Don’t make this all about yourself, you self-absorbed prick, said an exasperated voice inside him, but it was difficult not to when the person he was madly in love with all of a sudden grew distant. He felt like a lovesick teenager waiting for a text message, and God, it made him feel pathetic.
All Sherlock could manage was a nod.
He knew that there had to be something to calm his racing body and mind down. Something. Anything. He just had to find it. Sherlock forced himself to think, squeezing his eyes shut, making the wrinkles around his eyes more prominent.
“We don’t know yet, I’m afraid,” the doctor said apologetically. “We’ll have to do more tests, and Mr Holmes needs to stay here overnight so we can keep an eye on him.”
Here's a quick update, hope you enjoy it!
Feeling disoriented, Sherlock turned his head in what he thought was the general direction of the door, trying to locate John’s voice, but his spatial perception was momentarily impaired by decreased neuronal activity, the last vestiges of sleep still clinging to him. He felt as if he were floating in darkness, with no sense of left or right, up or down, his body like a weightless object drifting in space. The agony in his head was the only thing that grounded him, the only thing that reminded him that he wasn’t a bodiless entity immune to the pull of gravity.
“And I’m still here, Sherlock,” John said, and Sherlock felt him press a kiss on his forehead, “and I’m not going anywhere.”
“Here, drink this.”
No. He couldn’t afford a panic attack. Not now. Not when Sherlock was lying beside him.
Sherlock imagined they were John's hands, holding him, making sure he didn't fall over. John's strong, weather-beaten hands. Hands that always caressed him so gently, hands that ran through his hair, playing with his curls. Hands that cupped his cheeks softly, tilting his face up for a kiss. His warm and loving hands.
He knew that he was only prolonging the inevitable, but he felt humiliated enough having lost a great deal of his autonomy and was willing to make considerable sacrifices to retain at least some semblance of dignity for as long as possible. He wanted to feel like John’s equal, like his partner, and not like one of his patients. He was aware that eventually he would be forced to swallow his pride and ask for help, but until then he would make a conscious effort to demonstrate to John that he was perfectly capable of looking after himself even without his eyesight. Independence was ingrained in him since early childhood, and he wouldn’t give it up without a fight. After all, it was his fierce self-dependence that had saved him from a lot of unnecessary affliction and allowed him to concentrate on refining his intellectual faculties during his tender adolescent years when he had been an awkward, scrawny kid with no sense of belonging among his peers.
Comments and kudos are always appreciated!
Gasping for air, John snapped back to reality, noticing that he had been holding his breath. He needed air. He needed to breathe.
John couldn't envision life without him, not anymore, because life without him would no longer be worth living. And he knew he was screwed, because the only thing that kept him alive was Sherlock. If Sherlock were to draw his last breath in that hospital, John would curse God and die too. He had grown so dependent on Sherlock, so addicted to him. He was like a drug, a dangerous drug, that made every fiber of John's being crave him, want him,
As his gaze drifted down the man’s spine, trailing the intricate pattern of scars that wove across the slender arc of his back like constellations punctuating the naked canvas of the night sky, John felt a swell of something that he couldn’t quite pin down. The man’s curled-up body looked so vulnerable against the white linen sheet, each inch of his alabaster skin exposed to him. More even than of his love for John, it was evidence of his complete trust in him: the man was laying himself bare to him, as if to say, “Here I am, open and defenceless. Do with me what you want: have me, take me, love me. I’m yours.”
There was another sigh. “Listen—I’m sorry that I left.”
He was so sorry.
P.S. Kudos and comments are always appreciated!
“The bilateral swelling has destroyed the myelin sheath covering the optic nerves. Your blindness is permanent, Mr Holmes, I’m afraid.”
And in case of the improbable event that John did choose to stay, it would be out of compassion and courtesy—he was always so empathetic, babbling with clients, patting them on the shoulder, mollifying them, flashing a gentle smile, balancing out Sherlock’s harshness and bluntness; and so respectful, his kindness going hand-in-hand with his flawless decorum and high moral standards—and out of his unwavering commitment to Sherlock, of course, not because he really wanted to.
about forgetting it.
After a pregnant pause, John couldn’t take the awkward silence any longer. He sighed, dragging his hands across his face. “Sorry,” he said, sighing again. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what got into me. It’s just—“ John paused, not knowing what to say, and shook his head. He was just so tired, so
Mycroft had, unsurprisingly, already managed to get an appointment for Sherlock at a private hospital, the name of which John hadn't bothered to memorise. Despite the rivalry between the brothers, John knew that Mycroft cared immensely about his younger brother. The man had helped Sherlock so many times and in so many ways, once or twice even saving him from dying of an overdose, that John felt like he was forever in his debt; if it wasn't for Mycroft, the love of his life would already be dead.
Reluctantly, John withdrew his eyes from the staircase and turned around, his fingers curling up into fists at his side as he began striding toward the door. He might have stayed in a less fragile mood, he tried to convince himself, but he was on the verge of bursting into tears, and he loathed the idea of Sherlock’s having to comfort him, when he was the one who should be there for the man, being a shoulder to cry on, caressing the silky mop of curls on top of his head until his sobs abated and his whimpers turned into sleep-filled breaths.
He grunted, biting the inside of his cheek. He could feel the beginnings of panic churning in his stomach: he wanted to get away. Fast.
"Sofa," Sherlock said as they stumbled down the stairs together.
"Don't," he tells himself, even as he types. It does not matter. It is just words on a screen. Nothing on earth could possibly have that kind of power.
He shook his head, hard, banishing the memory.
have a certain sentimental value. Assuming you go in for that sort of thing. Has he really held onto it all this time?"
compatible, and we're much better off as friends."
The delivery had been confirmed. He has a grainy, scanned copy of Sherlock's signature on the mail slip to prove it.
Mary had believed him to be a good person. Mary had sent Sherlock down a path believing that John would act a certain way, and instead he'd—he'd—
"I'm not going to shout at you."
"You—" Sherlock said. He floundered, unable to form words.
He thought of John's face—how it had tightened up, his eyes gone hard, his mouth gone flat—when Sherlock had called Charles McCarthy by the wrong name. Thought of the way that all of the comfortable good humour they shared had begun to dissipate when they found themselves alone together. Thought of the way the space between them felt strangely charged and heavy, the way his skin would prickle and his stomach would knot, the very air seeming to crackle with anticipation of
"Too much sugar? You're looking peaked."
He wondered if she ever worked with prenuptial agreements. If she had encountered the couples that way, it was possible—
"I assured them I had nothing to do with the placement of the—ah—hand," Sherlock says. John's continued silence has crept under his skin, making him anxious and twitchy. "Though they stressed that they'd have preferred I go through—" his fingers curl in irritated air quotes, "—
John sat up straight.
The tiger shark glides by again, close,
The lock was old-fashioned, and not difficult to pick. He went inside and shut the door against the street noise behind him, let out a relieved breath.
She turns towards John, takes both of his hands in hers.
"—do you think?"
"No," she said, firm, certain now, the hesitance gone. "Not Jimmy. Not this."
He flattered Evie and Lily. He flirted shamelessly with Victoria. He was at once dismissive and demanding towards the attendant, who progressed rapidly from solicitous to irritated (and John suspected it was only a matter of time before she advanced to homicidal. Sherlock did tend to have that effect on people.)
"Curried mutton," she tells him. "I hope that's all right."
"I had hoped to wrap this up sooner," Sherlock said, sounding irritated. "Inconvenient."
"It's a twin room," she said. "All we have."
"Rosie—"
(Best not to think about that day.)
John sucked in a breath, waiting. He realised, belatedly, that he had not taken his eyes off of Sherlock the whole time, that he had watched the supremely pleased expression creep into Sherlock's features, had seen the very moment the joy of showing off had taken over.
is a common enough phenomenon. Isn't it far more likely that she simply regretted her decision to marry?"
Flickering candles along the aisles cast the room in a golden, romantic light. John fixed his attention on them, but they appeared properly contained and in no imminent danger of setting the curtains ablaze.
John stared. It was him, it had to be him--the height, the slim shoulders, the Belstaff coat with its collar turned up. The dark curls, a bit shorter than he remembered. He was with a stranger, a woman John had never seen before. She had her hand on his arm.
Sherlock had declared him unavailable at the very first dance lesson.
"No," he said, and shut his eyes. He did not need to see her face to know that she saw through the lie.
"He was going to come back," Bell said. "That's what he told me. He was going to go—he was going to go
"Oh," he said. "Yes. Sorry."
"I was going to take him to Majorca."
And you can have this heart to break
In the hall, the voices coalesced into laughter, fading, retreating. A door slammed.
It was the same in Brussels, in Amsterdam, in New Delhi and New York.
being alone. I can't imagine you'd want—I mean—"
It is nice, he tells himself. Peace and quiet. No distractions from his thoughts.
Downstairs, a door slammed. Seconds later there were footsteps on the stairs, Mrs Hudson's unmistakable tread. She appeared to be stomping.
"Came here," John said. "Right. All right. This is—look. I don't talk about this. I haven't. There are some things that you just. Carry."
This was the end, then.
John climbs up. The truck dips a bit under his weight, the motion achingly familiar. He puts his hands on the barrel, its surface already beginning to warm in the sunlight.
"Dull," Sherlock says. "It was the neighbor."
"I am better than this," John said. He shut his eyes, shook his head. "No. Shit. I—"
supposed to be difficult."
John was acutely aware that he hadn't done this. He hadn't sat and prodded slices of cake with a fork, hadn't had endless tedious discussions about the—sweetness of the filling or the airiness of the frosting or—the precise shade of lavender he wanted for the sugar flowers. He hadn't wanted to. He hadn't any interest or inclination.
"Almost certainly," Sherlock agreed.
"That was what everyone thought at first," Allie said. "But there were. Um. Marks. On his neck. Like he'd been choked. And the grass was—um. They said he'd been dragged."
Except his door creaks open, and there is John's face in the moonlight, looking small and pale and unhappy.
A delivery man, hand poised to knock, took a startled step back. The plastic bag in his hand rustled.
He had, hadn't he? He'd looked at Sherlock's face, battered and bruised and wanting, and he'd flinched. He'd turned tail and run, he'd run and he'd kept on running.
He'd thought the coat too formal for daily wear when she'd first spotted it on the rack. A double-breasted greatcoat, light pink, with a wide collar. But she'd seemed so in love with it, and when he let her try it on, she'd stood in front of the mirror and done a clumsy little spin, clapping her hands in front of her like Sherlock receiving news of a gruesome murder, the coat fanning out behind her, and he had been
He dialed in to his voicemail. The messages started off concerned, progressed to annoyed.
Rosie, in her red Christmas dress. She was settled comfortably in Sherlock's chair, the crushed red velvet of her skirt spread around her. The skull clasped in her small hands, Santa hat slipping to the side. A radiant grin on her face, her eyes bright. Behind her, slightly out of focus, the mantel with its twines of garland and soft glow of fairy lights.
"Ah," Sherlock says. He smiles again, narrows his eyes at the man still frozen and gaping by the door. "Well.
"Right," he said. He took a deep breath, nodded. "All right. Give me the coordinates."
And that was the truth—wasn't it? He could remember little of the old family home
"It barks," Sherlock says.
He opened it, glanced over the enclosed listings. Small, cramped little flats, but none quite as dreary as the one John currently called home.
The lock screen vanished. He was in.
Accidents, John reminded himself grimly. The deaths had all looked like accidents. He needed to be less focused on the possibility of a madman leaping out with a knife and more attuned to loose light fixtures and broken floorboards.
"Of course I do. I hardly need to try. It's obvious this is the correct course of action."
He tugged, and Sherlock stood on unsteady legs, leaning heavily against him.
to do this the easy way. Guess I'll just have to kill you instead." He made an exaggerated sad face into the rear view mirror.
John shook his head. Smiled a little bit. "About you? None."
Sherlock's brow furrowed up, his gaze sharpening, the haze of sleep dropping away.
Sherlock and Janine both looked at him, Sherlock from his chair and Janine from her place on the sofa.
That did not sound like a man planning some sort of romantic grand gesture. John breathed a sigh of relief and hated himself for it.
I mean, he's hardly her usual type."
"I wanted to be honest," she said.
Shit.
"Then maybe you ought to hop up there and—er—touch it gently," John says, before he can help himself.
John's gaze snapped to his. "What?"
He wondered who had been the first to brand Winston Crane
All chapters stand alone unless otherwise indicated. The (Never) Turn Your Back to the Sea outtakes will likely not make much sense unless you've read
"Thank you," Rosie said, when they finally shut the door behind them, blocking out the cold and the damp and the traffic noise. She hung her coat by the door, went up the stairs.
Rosie sat down on the sofa. She was silent, had been silent for three days now, except for the muted
Sherlock has set off at a brisk pace into the fields. It is only a matter of moments before John catches up. They walk in silence for a time, the barn and the inn and the rambling main house falling away behind them. The sky, once bright with morning sun, slowly begins to darken with rolling clouds. John is terribly conscious of Sherlock—the little puffs of breath and sounds of exertion he makes, the scrape of his shoes against the uneven ground. More than once he spies Sherlock eyeing him, but he does not speak.
didn't you say something?"
John finished his wine.
"Could have been a nail, or glass, or—" John shrugged. "Open the boot, let's see what we've got."
John turned to look at him. Their noses nearly brushed. Sherlock did not back away. He never had seemed to grasp the concept of personal space.
"Hurry."
"And I find I'm not immediately opposed to the idea," Sherlock said, his voice thoughtful. "Though, of course, a full week is impractical, unless you intend restraints to be involved—"
"John," Harry breathed.
He looked up at the ceiling for a moment. There were cobwebs in the corners. He thought of Sherlock's voice on the phone, steadily weakening. His own resolve to do whatever it took to bring Sherlock home safely. Home. Home to this place and its cosy clutter.
Her hand on Sherlock's arm, that ring glinting on her finger.
"What are you on about?" John's gut went cold; a terrible, wrenching stab of doubt. He leaned forward, peered into Sherlock's eyes. They were red-rimmed and unfocused.
John had not moved away, his hand still spread warm and solid on Sherlock's back. It moved in slow circles, soothing.
"Lock broken, do not close door," Sherlock recited crisply.
anything for her (and oh, if he feels nothing there will be no guilt, of that Sherlock is well aware). And before he even knows what's happening he'll be packed up and whisked off to tedious dinner parties in the suburbs and boring seaside holidays. He'll settle into a full time GP position (steady hours, more stable than locum work, more suited to family life). There will be no more adventures, and he will lose himself, bit by bit, even more so than he is now.
"All right, all right, Jesus, I heard you the first time you don't need to keep ringing it—" John's voice, grumpy and familiar and
John swallowed hard. A year, he thought. An entire year of his life, wasted. An entire year spent wishing he could find the words to fix what he'd broken. He hadn't even tried.
Molly looked at him, nodded. Her eyes were sad.
"Who is that man?" Sherlock had demanded.
"Yeah, what's he like to live with?" Lestrade asks. He's smiling a bit. Goading. He's been far too interested in this for far too long and now seems tickled at the prospect of a bit of gossip.
It was an uncharitable thought, however true. Though she had never once spoken of it, he'd got the sense that Mary had deeply regretted losing Janine's friendship.
She nodded, sank down into one of the kitchen chairs, still chewing her croissant. "I know."
He stopped, pressed his knuckles against his mouth. Even now, he couldn't seem to say it. Even now, he couldn't do it properly.
"Right," John said, with a humourless little laugh. "And—can I—is there some way for me to reach you? If I need to?"
"Obviously it's in code," the man said.
"Can I—?" John makes an abortive gesture towards the back of the truck. His mouth is dry.
The streets had been clogged with traffic that seemed to originate from a minor fender bender, and he'd arrived at Paddington Station just in time to see his second train depart.
"Bit tight," John had said. "But it'll do."
known the victim was Charles. He'd spent the previous night reading up on him.
John's mouth curled up in a smile. Christ, they were a pair.
"Every night," Sherlock says. "Since."
It had been a good Christmas, all things considered. A few bumps in the road. More than a few, he supposed. But still. A marked improvement from the previous two years.
"Still pushing the bounds of credibility, to be honest," John said.
two years ago."
Tedious even
"—for as long as we both shall live—"
He can't do that to Sherlock. Not when Sherlock has already given up so much of himself for John.
He sets out in the direction she has come from.
but then he was going to come back. And we were going to run this place together."
John looked—shocked.
"I'm not an expert," he said, putting the ring down.
John shrugged. "Diverting suspicion?"
Mycroft squared his shoulders, looked at him. "What about him?"
Sherlock frowned at him. "Do you
"I need to get ready for work," he said, turning, retreating. He could feel Sherlock's eyes on him, tracking as he left the room.
Molly bit her lower lip. Said nothing. There were questions in her eyes.
They'd climbed under the spray together. The ancient tub was too small for both of them to stand comfortably, and the water pressure had never been particularly strong. Sherlock's feet slipped against the porcelain and John's hands gripped his hips, held him steady. His skin prickled with gooseflesh.
John laughs, looks away. "I, uh, I did say that, yeah."
"Don't worry about that, Mrs Hudson," Sherlock said.
exercise again at every dress shop in London!"
They went out to look at crime scenes ("Your coat," he'd said, wonderingly, watching Sherlock slip into it at the foot of the stairs, and Sherlock had rolled his eyes and grumbled something about meddling siblings, but there had been no real venom in his voice), they ate dinner and argued about television choices. It was almost normal.
"Hm," Sherlock said. "Not bad, as initial trials go. May need more evidence."
John had looked from Sherlock to Walsingham and back again, waiting.
"It never occurred to me, really," John says. "And that's my fault. I should have known. I should have noticed. It—it bothered you, being back there. It bothered you more than it bothered me."
John thought.
There was rubbish overflowing from the top, and something wet and foul and vaguely sticky seeping along the ground where he sat. The bottom left corner of the skip had been mostly eaten away by rust, the paint split and bubbling and peeling. He pressed it absently with his fingers, felt it crumble and give way.
"Where?" Sherlock asked. His voice was hoarse. He cleared his throat. "The safe house. Where is it?"
John kisses him again. This time softer, lingering against his lips.
The taxi lurched and stuttered through traffic. John looked out the window, watched the slow creep of cars around him. Thought about his phone, dark and silent in his pocket.
"Of course."
Sherlock continues studying the sky. There is a little furrow of concentration between his brows. John used to kiss it away, sometimes.
He blinked back to awareness, looked up at the ceiling of his bedroom. His eyes stung.
John looks at him. "The police said you'd been spotted skulking around the barn. That's why Straker went out to check the horses."
And Sherlock looked across the table at John looking back at him, John who was smiling at him with an open fondness he had not seen in what felt like years, and thought:
Sherlock inclines his head, conceding. He studies the man before him.
John shook his head, looking small and lost in a way that he hadn't been for years, not since those first terrible months after Mary had died.
Sherlock blinks at him, then moves to skirt past, reaching for the door. John is struck with a sudden bolt of panic.
He looked down at the case he'd been leaning on, studied the displays. His thumb automatically went to his ring finger, stroked the bare skin where his wedding band used to rest.
She'd named her price. He lifted his brows.
Mary walks forward, and Sherlock sighs, because here they go all over again, time to bid farewell and good luck and—he doesn't think he'll be able to make another small joke, to listen to Mary tell him, in her way, that she'll look after John. It was easier, when he was going to his death. Comforting, even, to think that he was leaving his friend in the hands of someone who understood him.
She looked at him. Her face was sad. She saw too much, he thought. She always had.
"I've got it," Sherlock says. He stands up.
He'd hunched forward, buried his face in Sherlock's stomach. Breathed in. His shoulders shook.
"Don't be. At least one of us is getting some," Janine said.
"Whatever it is, no."
"Disguises," Sherlock murmured, looking away. "Might explain why Mycroft seems unaware of her movements."
he thought. It had been concern for him.
"So you're—"
It was difficult to get a sense of Winston or Robert's personalities from photographs. There were countless shots of the pair together—in their home, out at dinner, on vacation. Smiles all around. Were they genuine? He could see nothing to suggest otherwise. Perhaps Sherlock would have a different opinion on their body language.
He meant Rachel, of course. Their marriage had not even lasted a year. Sherlock could barely remember her. She'd been nothing like Mary.
"Christ," John said, and he stood up in a furious rush. The chair legs shrieked in protest against the lino.
"Clearly you do," she said. And then, softer, yet still insistent, "Why do you feel guilty?"
He held himself still, wondered at what point John would give up and leave.
She was wearing lipstick. She'd taken more care with her eye makeup than usual. The shirt peeking out from underneath her lab coat was new. She was smiling more frequently lately, though—he couldn't help but notice—not at him.
"Right," John said. "Got it."
John put his hand over his eyes, sucked in a shaky breath. Listened to the rain beat against his window.
It had the desired effect. Sherlock twisted in his seat to shoot John an incredulous look over his shoulder.
"No," Sherlock agrees.
John looked at her, surprised.
Molly had understood. It was the kind of thing that went hand in hand with stolen corpses and falsified records and unnecessary grief. It was the kind of thing she'd never wanted to do again.
Sherlock took an unsteady breath, and then another. He kissed John's leg, mouthing at the denim as he struggled with his flies. John made a pained sound and dropped to his knees beside Sherlock. He took Sherlock's face in his hand and kissed him, soft yet frantic kisses, peppered all across his heated cheeks and forehead.
for all of your help with this one!
A man like that wouldn't stop at one leak.
Dust and grit bit into the skin of his palms and he wiped his hands on his trouser legs. He could not recall the last time anyone had hoovered in the hallway. The wallpaper behind his head was old, peeling a bit at the seams.
Sherlock convulsing on an operating table hadn't done it. The unfamiliar, chilling expression on Mary's face as she'd hollowed out a coin with terrifying accuracy hadn't done it.
"No," he said. He shook his head. Pressed his lips together. Looked at the wall. "I've done what I—I haven't given a single thought to anyone else."
Sherlock looked down at the ground. "Yes," he said. "And I hurt you as well, didn't I?"
John nodded. His hand curled cool and steady against Sherlock's flushed cheek.
Which meant—
) and though he'd secured rooms in central London at a deep discount from a grateful former client, he'd still come up a few hundred quid short on his first month's rent.  A flatshare would do quite nicely.
"Oh," Sherlock says. He meets John's eyes, looks away. He does not know what to say.
Sherlock turned to face him. Frowned.
"I never thought it was an option," he said. His voice sounded much too loud in the claustrophobic quiet of his little house. His breath came in a rough gasp.
The only voice he wanted, hoped to hear, was John's. And he hoped, hoped so much, that John would come to him, wind his strong arms around him and talk to him in his beautiful voice. His voice was always so warm and gentle that Sherlock felt like he would melt if he listened to it too long. His every word was filled with so much affection and love that Sherlock's heart felt as if it would burst out of his chest.
He was lying in the cold examination room, waiting for the world, his world, to end. He had lost his sight and he was going to lose the love of his life, the love of John, too. He was exhausted.
For the past week, ever since they had returned home from the hospital, he had felt like a good-for-nothing imbecile. All he seemed to be able to do was aggravate Sherlock with his casual conversation and forced chit-chat and push him further away by futilely attempting to coax him to divulge what was going through that brilliant brain of his, all the while walking on eggshells, lest he inadvertently display unwanted concern. As much as he didn’t want to admit it to himself, Sherlock seemed to be coping surprisingly well, immersing himself in the unfamiliar, and as yet unexplored, circumstances with remarkable ease, while he himself felt defeated and utterly ill-prepared for their new reality.
He was dangerous, but not in the usual meaning of the word. Sherlock wasn't a criminal, nor was he a cold-blooded murderer. Sherlock could be rude and inconsiderate, that's for sure, but he certainly wasn't evil. John had had the chance to see what lurked beneath his seemingly controlled exterior, and it had been shocking to find out how vulnerable and insecure Sherlock was behind his logical and unemotional demeanour. Whenever Sherlock did something that was possibly risky, he would look at John like a guilty puppy, his eyes glistening, pale cheeks flushed, worrying that he had upset John. He needed reassurance, and he craved John's admiration. And John was more than happy to give him what he wanted. John felt privileged to be the one to see his softer, more human side, and he was unwilling to share him, feeling almost possessive of him.
, John thought, he was starting to sound like a grandmother.
Sitting in that waiting room, having nothing but time, John let his thoughts wander into vain regrets, bringing back painful memories. John regretted every time he had been too afraid to tell Sherlock that he loved him. He regretted every time he could have said the words but he hadn’t. He regretted every time he had denied his feelings for Sherlock, just because he had been too scared, scared to love, scared of his sexuality. He had been too ashamed to admit that he was in love with a man, and he hated himself for it, for being ashamed of loving the most brilliant human being he had ever encountered. He had wasted so much time, and he had hurt Sherlock in the process. And now John was afraid that he didn’t have enough time left to make up for his mistakes.
Sherlock was faintly aware that his voice was soft and tender, but he couldn’t focus on anything but the darkness before his eyes. He blinked, but the darkness remained.
Sherlock felt him pull away, leaving him feeling slightly off-balance. He could feel the mattress shift under him as John slid off the bed. Sherlock felt exposed in the absence of his touch. He didn’t feel safe, not when he couldn’t touch, let alone see John.
I'd also like to remind you that I'm not a native English speaker, so pointing out errors is more than welcome.
“Very well, Mr Holmes. Now, the nurse will take you for the CT scan. You can relax, we'll help you move onto the stretcher.”
John’s thumb hovered against his bottom lip, making it hard to concentrate, and Sherlock’s heart stuttered in his chest. For half a second—his thought process slower than usual—he considered whether he should ask him to repeat what he just said, but decided against it; he hated repeating himself and he knew he shouldn’t expect anyone else to want to do it either. Holding his eyes closed, seeing no point in opening them, Sherlock nodded once, hoping John hadn’t noticed that he had no idea what he was agreeing to.
There was a beat of breathless silence before John sighed. A sour-sweet smell of alcohol floated in the air, invading his nostrils. Sherlock scowled. He could imagine John pinching the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger.
wrong.
Sherlock groaned in protest, but grabbed the sandwich with a scowl.
Sherlock nodded, his lips trembling slightly.
Sherlock felt himself lying in a bed again, a soft mattress giving way to his weight. His head felt heavy, his mind blurry. He heard the sound again, a steady beeping in the distance, but it was softer this time. He concluded that he must have fainted.
It was too loud. Sherlock wanted to scream but no sound would leave his constricted throat. The desire was left lingering in the back of his mind as the neurons in his brain failed to fire.
together. If anyone should know, it would be—“
“Sherlock?” John whispered. He saw Sherlock’s forehead furrow as he slowly woke up. His heart monitor started beeping more frequently, pulsing with the quickening of his heartbeat.
Sherlock could already hear how his mind palace would crumble into dust, the explosion tearing down the walls of his most heavily guarded room, shattering the memories he had so carefully stored, leaving only darkness and suffocating dust behind.
He fidgeted in his chair. Stood up. Walked to the sofa.
"No," John said, holding up his hand. "I know. I
"He's my friend, and he's going through a bad time," she said, not looking at him. "It's not babysitting. It's support. I'm—
They did not know how to interact in silence, the three of them. Their home was one of noise, of chaos, of shouting and laughter and, yes, the occasional explosion. For nearly twenty years now, it had been—
"Christ," John said. He breathed out hard through his teeth. Turned away, set the gun down. Flexed his hand. "I almost shot you."
"It bothers you," Sherlock says, finally. He frowns, tucks his chin in. "Why?"
"You all right?" Lestrade asked, stepping back. His attention was still irritatingly on Sherlock and not on the crime scene.
"Sherlock," John gasped, wrapping one arm around Sherlock's chest, dragging him backwards.
There had been no response. John could not help but picture Sherlock's bewildered face, his furrowed brow, his thunderous frown.
"Who are you?" he asked again.
"It's just the saddest thing, Dr Watson, it really is."
"No," John said, sharp. "It was—it was flirting. Just flirting. Christ. You know."
"Right," he said. He found himself anxious to get off the line. "Well. Don't keep Greg waiting, yeah?"
"Not in those shoes."
"Feels great," he'd snapped, and looked away.
Sherlock looks down at him, at his earnest, open,
There were no body parts in the fridge, which he put down to Janine's influence. There were no beverages, either, which was almost certainly Sherlock's fault. He settled for filling a glass with water from the tap, drinking it while standing at the sink.
He sat back down on the sofa, pinched his brow. "Who are you?"
There had been a year's worth of data etched into the lines of his face, and Sherlock had been too stunned to take proper note of it. He'd not make that mistake again.
Because Sherlock had been messy, Sherlock had been all-consuming, Sherlock had been everything to him. And then Sherlock had been gone.
"They know my every move," Sherlock said. "It's almost as if—"
he thought.
"Good," John said. He shut his eyes, breathed out through his nose. "Christ. Um. Do you—is there anyone? Anyone you're anxious to get back to?"
John watched them for a moment, his chest warm.
He settles into his chair, leans his head back, shuts his eyes. Tries not to think about the bloody
"Right," Sherlock said, moving his legs. His foot bumped the kitchen chair.
why could he not just spit it out and be done with it?
It was November. He had two months remaining on his lease.
Sherlock smiled. "Another," he said, and leaned in.
John stood on the little stone step, his hands fisted at his sides, his grey hair windblown and disheveled. It was a cold, damp day, and the rain lashed against the treetops.
