Closer now, he automatically surveyed the Omega’s beauty took in his glorious face and form.
"... I owe you an apology. You did well, Tony." Tony's eyes opened as Rogers landed on the ground next to him with a thud. Rogers’ alpha pheromone impinged on his senses, his nearness reached for him, wrapped insidiously around him, tempting him closer. Rogers was TOO CLOSE for his liking.
The thought of PEPPER startled him out of his reverie. FUCK! Shame spreading across his vein so venomous it was like a parasite or a disease, how could he let himself sway when he already had Pepper?! NO, he would be damn if he gives in to this! He was BETTER THAN HOWARD, he wasn’t a damn cheater. Being tempted this much with just sight and smell made him furious with Steve and HIMSELF.
Steve couldn't help but grin at the neat jab.
He could retort and insulted Rogers about failing to save his best friend, but even Tony Stark had a line he wouldn’t cross especially remembering how depressed Rhodey was after losing his comrades. At least, he wasn’t as low as Rogers.
Tony stark 0 years old
‘Holy shit.' Tony thought, startled to see the god flat on his back, knocked down by his own power. He refused to be amazed by Rogers.
Natasha raised her eyebrows and tilted her head in agreement.
Tony felt slightly guilty for dragging him into their argument when he saw the 'who, me?' face Bruce was wearing.
It was obvious to Steve that his reckless soulmate wouldn’t wait for him to gather the remaining Avengers members and would blasted off after he fixed his suit. And there was the deja-vu feeling again, exactly how many times in their-shared-lifetimes Tony did something reckless like this. He needed to do something with his soulmate lone gunslinger habit.
So of course, it did… Captain America had been found alive by SHIELD 1 1/2 years later… Alive!
Steve had watched the exchange, his frustration building. "Are you nuts?!" He shot Tony a furious glare. It frightened and angered him that Tony endangered everyone but even more so that his soulmate had fewer self-preservation instincts than a moth!
Moonlight gleamed on Steven’s face as he turned around. Anthony’s throat went dry. He was so fucking handsome, it hurts.
“Verbal Threat! I feel Threatened!” Tony said mockingly.
Note: I had read a website about people sharing stories about meeting their soul-mate. Many recognized their soul-mate at first sight, other required interaction, and Twin Flame could felt their soulmate in the same area as them. Twin flames could felt it in their soul that this person had a close relationship platonic/romantic with them in many lifetimes.
Oh, the Irony. He was actually weak and resentful. He had only ever visited his parent’s grave once and never again.
The smaller man moved to the desk beside Tony's, tapped on the interactive screen, noted the information about the tesseract. Tony walked past him, eyes trained on Bruce and an idea formed.
Barton drew back his bowstring, letting loose the explosive arrow about a hundred feet from the engine. The arrow flew out, but then the wind caused it to sharply head for the engine right off the Helicarrier. It was a timer counting down before it exploded.
He admired Bruce's intellect and control, and was simply manly-flirting with him in his teasing 'pull your pigtails' way; to make the man comfortable to be himself around him.
Tony's eyes were dark, troubled like the sea roiling during a thunderstorm. Rogers with only one kiss had undone the control he had spent 13 years and more perfecting. The first touch of his lips had stuck right through his defenses, had connected directly with his inner self, he normally kept well leashed and tripped the lock.
The bathroom was completely with grey, white, blue marble in attractive pattern and had a sparkling clean sunken tub as well as a large glass-enclosed shower. It was stocked with all the luxuries like mini bottle of body lotion, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, as well as soap, grooming kits and shower caps that look so gorgeous it would be shame to open them.
Grasping Anthony’s finger lightly, Steven brought it to his mouth and brushed a kiss over his knuckles. The dark-haired beauty didn’t react but Steven could felt his pulse quicken. For a lingering moment, the Alpha held his fingers in his warm, cupped palm before released his hands. “A pleasure to meet you, Anthony.” Steven smiled brightly.
It was definitely another way of Howard manipulated him to continue his work after he was gone but Tony couldn’t help but be sentimental about it. He was an idiot for playing into Howard’s hands. “I-I… can’t let all his hard work go to waste.” even if he still couldn’t forgive Howard.
Another Alpha would have gotten territorial and might even try to hurt Rhodey but not Pepper, there was a quiet moment where Tony’s worry spiked, then a silent acceptance. He must have done something good in his life to deserve someone like her.
"Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn't funny." Steve clarified, hoping to get through to Tony, probably to no avail as always.
He also admired and complimented Thor on that arm touching scene based on the behind the scene shots. As of today, men generally don't compliment other men's physical prowess or they'll be thought of as gay. Tony probably still has that hang-up.
Below, Steve, two gunmen ran in. The Alpha looked down, wondering if they were helped, they didn't look like shield agents. His suspicions were proved right as upon seeing him, they shot at him and threw grenades.
Tony wasn’t sure if Fury meant his words to be impressive or for his ‘powerful,’ stance to be intimidating, but all he felt was a pity for Fury. Fury was just like the old him, an idiot who thought weapons could solve the problem when it only brought bloodshed after bloodshed.
Unfortunately for Thor, JARVIS’s synthetic voice spoke out and Tony found out that the lightning had powered up his suit up to 400%. “Well, would you look at that.” Tony was proud of his work.
Steve took in the possibility, but as an obedient soldier, he shook it off.
“KNEEL!” Loki screamed menacingly on top of his lung, intimidated the crowd into silence as they all kneeled before him, eyes widen in fear.
The suit had been heavily damaged and scratched up beneath the rushing spinners. His back flared up with pain. Tony could see the thrusters straining to keep him up, but he could still fly and his weapons still worked for the most part.
Tony blinked and then, huh, Steve was right in Tony’s face, his eyes spitting fire and his mouth was set in a moue of displeasure. Power. Danger. Control. A triumvirate was visible in the lines of the man's body and the set of his shoulders: bold and dominant. “Impudence.” He said in a tone so dangerous that even Tony felt a spike of fear wrapped around the base of his spine, the sudden urge to bare his neck and do everything he could to calm the alpha down, was new. He absolutely hated it! “Take that back.” Rogers growled.
Before it seemed possible that Anthony had reached him, he was straddling him, legs wrapped around him, lips crushing his. Shock waves of pleasure flowed through him… Anthony felt their bond pulsed between them, raw, real, and with roots deep enough to wrap around and penetrate his brain, heart, and some deeper part of him he couldn’t name. The force of emotion flowing between them like an impossible two-way river, they could felt sheer, unrivaled joy singing through their blood and bones. Warm fluttered and spark spreading like wildfire through their body and set off fireworks in their curiously empty skull. Like Ambrosia, it addicted his mind, body, and senses completely.
As if reading his mind she wrapped her arms around him, pressed a kiss into his hair. “Yes, you could. You just needed time. I knew you, Tony, you would never break up with me if you didn’t feel really strongly for him.” She pointed out, ever the voice of reason. “And I would be with you every step of the way.”
"This circle of light, it's part of me, not just armor. It's a... terrible privilege." His Ironman suits and the arc reactor gave him the means to change his life, to redirect his focus into helping people. They physically enabled him to be a better man. The man he wanted so desperately to be.
"Sir, we've lost all power in Engine 1." They heard the report over the earpiece.
Maria sobbed.
He wanted to, so he would.
“I’ve known men with none of that worth ten of you.”
A hard punch and Tony’s head jerked to the side and throbbing heat exploded across his cheek. Howard had broken his cheekbone.
The blond hit the ground hard, sand spewing to the air. Thor stumbled over several times before staggered to his feet. Tony raised his faceplate.
One of thing his past had taught him was how to slice people with the edge of his tongue, gouge into people with his intelligence and drop them with a glance… Just like his parents did to him.
Steve backpedalled slightly, looked over at Doc. Banner "No offense, Doc." he said, pairing it with a placated hand gesture in Doc. Banner's general vicinity.
Rogers disconcerting intense eyes remained on him, it seemed like it would burn him.
Tony looked over at him again. "He's a spy. Captain, he's THE spy. His secrets have secrets." He said, popped a blueberry into his mouth and chewed it. "It's bugging him too, isn't it?" Tony said, looking at Bruce with expectant eyebrows.
Fury stared at the bloodstained cards
Stark turned to leave, ignored them, but Steve stopped him. “You’re not going alone!” he made a grabbed for Tony’s hand and the brunet angrily slapped it away making his hackles rose.
Thor kept his hands clenched in Loki's robes as they flew to a rocky outcrop, slamming the raven-haired man to the ground as they landed in the dust. Loki groaned, laughing softly as he sat up on his elbows.
Vaguely ignored the bond and voice shouted 'Hey!' in an angry tone from his left, Tony just leaned in closer. Watching Banner with narrowed eyes to tests his reaction. No, he couldn't see ANY ESSENCE OF THE HULK.
Her thumb stroked over his palm. “I will come again tonight.”
Tony opened his mouth then shut it again. He was willing to die as many times as it took if he couldn’t figure another way out, but that wasn’t something he would share with others especially someone like Rogers. The bastard would just turn his words into mockery and used it as a fodder for more insult.
It was confusing and hurtful for Steve that his own soul-mate was digging into his still bleeding wound. Captain America looked at Iron Man, great wrenching pain in his heart. This was his soul-mate? How could Tony be so outright callous about his time under the ice?
Maria tried her best to offer him comfort and for some time it work. He would dismissed his feeling and focus on her. Making love to her was a great way to numb his frustration. It was just one of those days. But then one of those days became one of those weeks, which turned into one of those months. And the frustration began to spread like a disease, infecting his relationship with Maria, his home, his whole life.
Tony studied him, his gaze intense and probed, and the super-soldier felt like a bug pinned to a board, splayed out open—
Note: An alpha instinct toward their soulmate is stronger than Omega since their instinct is to protect their mate while an Omega instinct is more toward their children so I can see the bond affected Steve more than Tony…not to mention Tony has been rejecting the bond since he is 8 so it affect it strength
Wincing from the pain Tony quickly focused his eyes on his armor’s specs to surveys the damage.
“NO! God, no!” he sobbed, the explosion of agony that stole his breath, his strength. “Don’t do this to me.” he reached out to Tony with everything inside of him, desperately wished for the sight of a tiny metal man soared from outer space.
Iron Man flinched and stumbled back, as the bolts hit his chest plate and engulfing his upper torso in a case of light and heat and crackling electricity strong enough to damage the suit.
Steve:
Steve could hear Natasha cursed from the pilot's seat. It seemed like their good luck hadn't lasted long.
Steve’s very life was hanging by a breath yet he realized nothing he said would change Tony’s mind, would save his very soul. They had to save New York. “… I love you, Tony.” Steve sounded so grave as he spoke into the comm. ‘Tony please...’
He should have known that Rogers, the self-righteous jackass would sweep his hand away. So much for the paragon of virtue and defender of the underdog, Rogers used to be discriminated against because of his size and sickness shouldn’t he empathized more with Bruce!
Tony Stark knew terror but nothing was more wrong or more gut-clenching terrifying than losing JARVIS- His partner. His friend. His security and comfort. His child. He was once again alone. The echoing silence was so wrong. So foreign.
After a quick signal from Steve, a loud clank sounded as Natasha landed the Quinjet; loading gate already opened. Then the Black Widow brought with her some equipment to restrain Loki who offered no resistance when he was shackled and loaded onto the Quinjet, meekly followed their orders. It made every one of Steve’s nerve stood on end, he was still doubtful about Loki's apparent surrender.
Vibrations rattled Iron Man's armor and Tony's body jerked frantically, made his teeth chattered and sent great heaping breaths of air into his lungs. The arc reactor's light sputtered to life with a dull blue glow once more. His eyes flew open and for a moment all he could see was white.
What made the arrogant bastard thought he had any right to judge who was worthy or not because he had a clean slate or because he was a national icon?!
"Was he married?" Steve asked quietly, his face tight with emotion. He hadn't known Agent Coulson very well. He had been slightly uncomfortable being treated like a celebrity for a few moments with the man. But the hidden pain in Tony's eyes told Steve that he knew Coulson very well.
There was a tense pause. Then Nick Fury pointed a finger at a now-affronted Thor. “Because of him!”
Chapter 3 Lose everything, trapped in a brand new world, Steve was in pain
Tony had subdued the bond once, but it would always be there. It just quieted down because Tony emotionally and mentally rejected the bond after he was 8 and came to hate Captain America.
Sure, Tony wasn’t a super-soldier. He wasn’t an assassin or spy. He wasn’t a God-like Alien or a scientist transformed by serum. And he wasn’t an alpha/beta like the rest of the team excluding Natalie/Natasha. He had no formal combat, evasion; concealment training and he had never fought in a war.
“Means the portal won't collapse on itself like it did at SHIELD.” Quickly scanned the room for people’s reactions. His dramatic flair seemed to work per-usual though Natasha looked unimpressed, Banner looked slightly wary and Thor mostly listened with rudimentary interest. He wondered how smart Thor was for someone from a superior tech-planet.
It hurts, it hurt real bad to be so close to what he desired more than anything and knew he could never allow himself to have. Because as much as it hurt not having Steve, it would destroy him if he had Steve for a brief period only for Steve to hate him when he saw his real self.
"Then prove it." Steve urged in an infuriatingly calm voice "Put that hammer down."
Tony startled awake on a single bed. He took a moment to realize he was in his lab. Damn it, this was why he tried to stay awake as long as possible! The moment he fell asleep he dreamt of ‘his past life romance.’
But in Tony POV, there is no way he would let freaking male Alphas on their powers trip try to remind Tony of his place-and he just assume Steve would want to since he is an ultimate Alpha and from 1940 century.
Iron Man yanked Thor right up. The blond hit Tony in his face, trying to knock off the iron man’s mask.
"Yeah, I noticed." Tony grunted.
He fell hard to the mattress beside her, eyes closed against the still spinning room. He opened his eyes after a few seconds to look at her.
“Tony….” Steve sounded pained.
After failing in replicated the super-serum, searched for Captain America and revolutionized the arc reactor, Howard hated that another thing in his life had failed. He had turned all that hatred and frustration to his only child! Hell, he would never amount to anything to Howard other than a cash cow and his punching bag. And God did it hurt! To Howard, he was just something to be manipulated and gained from.
Roger’s stare was unwavering, and Tony could do nothing but stare back. They stared at each other for what felt like hours. Close to him, Rogers was a sensual force, as if he exuded some elemental alpha temptation that was directed at Tony and Tony alone.
Anthony imagined what will happen after this sitting over, Steven’s hands smudged with dark powder all over his body, caressed the flesh on the inside of his thigh. He had never imagined he could achieve so much foreplay by sat still. It was driving him out of his skin.
"Even if I cleared the rotors, this thing won't re-engage without a jump. I'm gonna have to get in there and push." Steve’s heartbeat like a bongo drum at his words.
Your soulmate understood and connected with you in every way and on every level, which brought a sense of peace, calmness, and happiness when you were around them. And when you were not around them, you were all that much more aware of the harshness of life, and how bonding with another person in this way was the most significant and satisfying thing you would experience in your lifetime. You were also all that much aware of the beauty in life because you had been given a great gift and would always be thankful.
"Well, it's an old-fashioned notion." Fury said watching Captain America trailed after Stark, a worried look on his face. If the director didn’t know better he would say the Captain went after Ironman like a puppy. It was something to worry about when this was all over.
Steve Rogers’ eyelids fluttered as they started to open in an unfamiliar room. He creased his forehead, something wasn’t right, firstly wasn’t he supposed to be frozen in ice. His eyes tracked around the room for a few seconds. Then he slowly lifted himself to sit on the edge of the bed
As if his guilt wasn’t enough, he was now haunted by a dream of Anthony and Steven’s eternal love. How he wished those dreams would just go back to the way it was. Even the dream of lovemaking with Steve was better than a dream of ‘his past life.’
Maria had no doubt they were going to be happily ever after… After all they were soulmates. Their love was the sort of love that got songs written in their honour. Man and woman, alpha and omega together, into the sunset. It was everyone’s dream come true.
But before Bruce could say anything about Tony's question, Captain America's outrage yelled interrupted them.
His dream was veiled by chiaroscuro cloud as though he could never see what was going on. But he felt a presence, the PULL was stronger than ever, and he could feel in his soul. This was The One whom he had spent all his lifetimes with, who had loved him more than anything and whom he loved back just as much, The One who knew him more than he knew himself, The One whom he would chase through 10,000 worlds to be with.
Bucky:
Steve felt jealousy curdling in him as Tony couldn't stop himself from grinning and waltzed towards Doc. Banner.
SHIELD had been monitoring Bruce and knew he hadn't had an incident in a long time, despite living in very heavily populated areas. Areas most people would stress out in. Also genius here, Rogers should back the hell off!
Thor dragged Loki to his feet, stepped closer, looked his brother over, “I thought you were dead.” his eyes glistened with tears.
Howard could have a secret relationship with Captain America during WWII but he didn’t TRUST Tony to keep his relationship secret from the world.
"You mean Rock of Ages giving up so easily?" Tony asked pointedly, his eyes sliding to the quiet villain. As much as he hated to admit it, Rogers was right, it had been too easy. He wasn’t a pessimist but usually, he was never this lucky.
“Hell, your father flew into enemy territory at night in a private plane to save soldiers he didn’t even know. You said you didn’t want a relic, you knew what he may be dead, but I would rather be his soul-mate than yours cause dead or alive, he was a far better man than you were!” Steve got into Tony’s face, wanted to see the hurt flash in Tony’s brown eyes, needed to see something of what he was feeling reflected there.
She really loved him.
Disclaimer: I do not own anything.
Tony Stark first mistake was to be born an Omega, something that Howard never forgive Tony and his wife for. After all Howard expected everything that related to him especially by blood to be perfect.
Rogers’ lip curled into a pain, tight smirked; looked at him with a vicious and disgusting glare that cut through him as deeply as his father's. He should be proud that he was able to put such an ugly look on Rogers’ face.
This guy was a joke! Sure he was muscled and very handsome, but Tony Stark could easily find better-looking men if he wanted to... Hell, he used to date supermodels and famous starlets. Of course, none of them could ever compare to Pepper who had it all; beauty, brain, passion, compassion, and patience… lot of it. Rogers was Underwhelming indeed!
Tony’s biggest resentment on Howard was the guy practically raised him to become a weapons designer before he even hit double digits.
Steve’s face looked like he'd swallowed something unpleasant as Tony shook Bruce's hand vigorously. A glimmered in their eyes shone as the mutual respect shown. “Is that what just happened?”
“I know you’re not uncomfortable with technology.” He had seen Steve using the touchscreen on the Hellicarrier. "I thought you'd like an old-fashioned key better than a card. It had a chip planted in it to open the door.”
It was like all the weight lifted off his shoulders because Thor still pleaded him to come home after all he had done. It was sheer relief of still being accepted by Thor despite his mess. For a second Loki almost broke down, his eyes brimming with tears briefly but then he snapped himself out of it. NO, Thor only said that because he wanted the Tesseract. He was a liar just like Odin.
He was just as dedicated and had laid his life on the line on a nearly daily basis as the heroes did. Outside being Iron Man, he worked hard to make the world a better place a predominating percentage of his time.
"He’s got to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier." Bruce explained before Tony could answer and Steve resented him a little for it.
‘Did my soulmate found me lacking and undeserving.” It felt like his heart was torn from his chest. No, he would meet the love of his life and proved himself worthy!
Thor “Did you always give your champions such mistrust?”
Steve saw it coming and tried to shield himself for the impact, but the heaviness of the armor made him crumpled down to the floor anyway.
Note: This chapter and the next one is difficult to me so I had a co-writer to help me with writing them. Kathryn, my best friend is a great writer (she doesn’t have an Ao3 account so I will credit her here
That he had taken out the reactor and handed it over to Rhodey. Just handed over the thing that was keeping him alive, with all the trust in the world that Rhodey would never hurt him. Then he simply reached out and accepted what his friend/older brother gave to him without checking to see if it had been tampered with.
‘Screw soul-mate, I barely knew him and he already stabbed me in the back! If I let him in, he would destroy me and I would let him.’ And to think he thought his mom was weak and pathetic for staying with his dad all those years. ‘NO! I WILL NEVER LET MYSELF SINK THAT LOW!’
Steve touched him as if he was fragile, breakable and he couldn’t breathe, he felt dizzy and there was a sense of deja-vu like this had happened before. At the back of his brain, he wondered why he wasn’t angry, usually, he hated to be treated like this.
"I'm not the one that is out of time." Steve said with icy calmness. Hearing the sound of the helicopter as it pulled in over his shoulder, Steve couldn't help but grin at Natasha appearance in one of SHIELDS air-crafts and pointed a machine gun towards Loki.
A small part of Steve thrashed around uselessly, desperately tried to stop himself, but his lips weren’t complying. There was a bigger part of him that felt some vicious satisfaction flowing through his veins at the hint of Tony’s weakest point and wanted to cut deep. To make Tony bleeds the way he was bleeding, to make him felt how he made Steve felt. How much his harsh words and rejection had hurt Steve. To show how disgusted Steve was at having someone like him as his soul-mate.
Howard let her go and smiled at her, they still feel like they were held together by that invisible current.
He lunged toward Steven. Steven looked like he would flee, but instead, he was flying toward him.
“Steven, are you possess. Think about what your dad will think. He will disown you. Why does it have to be him?”
"You need the cube to send me home, but I've sent it off I know not where." Loki continued, almost smiling gleefully.
“Any idiot could learn how to work a gun he’d been handed so don’t act all high and mighty. It is sickening, Alpha like you makes me sick!” he knew Rogers would physically hurt him any moment now. Probably broke his bone that was what Alpha like him did when they couldn’t win a fight with words. He was prepared for it, wanted it even, wanted a physical-prove that his soulmate was a fucking bastard that didn’t deserve a moment consideration!
Tony walked over to Bruce's workstation, smiling at him. "You know, you should come by Stark tower sometime. Top ten floors, all R and D. You'd love it, it's Candy Land." He offered, his voice was hopeful.
Gritting his teeth, he didn’t bother turning around to acknowledge the Director, but Fury still made his way inside despite the coldness of Steve’s silent rebuff.
Anthony Stark 30 years old (Now)
Thor shook his head, dismissing Loki's speech. "You would take the world I love as recompense for your imagined slights?”
"Why not; Captain Rogers? America needs you." Fury leaned closer, giving Steve the usual I-am-concerns-son look, but right now I have far more important things to worry about. It touched a nerve. "The world needs you."
It was funny how the idiot thought he could ever match up to Tony in his suit. “Bring it on!” Tony snarled at his face, bared his teeth. He would show Captain fucking America that he didn’t have what it took to be a top dog!
“Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark?” Nick Fury glared at the damn hypocrite, his tone dangerous.
Steve hopped to his feet, asking, "You think that guy is friendly?"
Thor's voice got louder “You speak of CONTROL, yet you court CHAOS!”
Howard sat on the plush chair, smoking fine cigars in hand and cut crystal glasses of scotch at his elbows, far removed from the bedroom where his wife howled with pain.  He had no interest in the process of his Alpha son’s birth, only in the final product.
“Big man in a suit of armor – Take that away and what are you?” Rogers spat, mouth twisted like a cork out of a bottle.
"Never do that again." he tried not to sound shaky. Tony's spine was as straight as a ruler. To Steve, it was like watching an actor tried to adjust his mask after an accidental slip on stage.
Surprised, Bruce looked at his hand. He’s shocked to see he was holding Loki’s specter.
"Oh. I'm starting to want you to make me." the Omega’s voice as hard as diamond and stared at the Alpha challengingly.
So I had been asked by one reviewer in fanfiction about Howard being Steve mate and how he would feel about Tony. So I would clear it all up…The origin of Steve feeling for Howard come from THE PULL that was not even nearly as strong as THE PULL toward Tony but still pretty strong since Steve and Tony is Twin-flame soul-mate.
Seriously did Rogers thought Tony didn't read Bruce's file, he spent hours over all the files even Roger's: energy readouts, incident reports, personnel evaluations, statistics, styles, aptitudes, strengths, weaknesses- he had all those in the back of his mind. For someone with an amazing military record, Rogers wasn't all that bright, then again so was the rest of SHIELD with the way they handled Bruce.
They matched each other so perfectly. Whatever he needed, his Alpha needed, whatever his Alpha wanted, he wanted. “Tony.” His name was music, dark voluptuous music the way Steve said it. Before Steve could ask, he was answering. They were making love with all they were. Body, heart, mind, and soul.
Heard that, Tony was hit by his relief so profound all the muscles in his body went slack, his helmet thunk softly on the ground. He let out a sighed in relief and appreciate how good air felt whistling through his lungs. “All right, yay!” He cheered meekly, raising his fist half-heartedly. He was more worn out than he would ever admit to.
He had struggled to live up to Howard's expectations since he was four. He kept thinking if he worked even harder, be better, his father would approve of him, would love him until he realized the ugly truth.
I am writing the next chapter.
Tony stepped back to allow the other man passage. He pulled his sunglasses off, fiddled with it. “Let me show you your room, Captain.” Tony said in the same voice he used in Avengers’ debriefing.
She crossed her arms in contemplation. “Those cards, they were in Coulson's locker, not his pocket.” she said with a note of disapproval that Fury used Phil’s memory like that.
Their lips crashed against each other like swords. There was nothing of sex in any of it, nothing of tenderness, only passion meeting passion like a naked flame erupted between them, around them. Searing flame welled, swelled then raged through Steve, through Tony and burned. And they were no longer kissing, they were devouring each other. And it was all so perfect and -- oh God!
Thanks for all that review
________________________________________
As a playboy Howard was surprise that he enjoyed this very much.
Rhodey is male and totally great guy, but he isn’t from 1940 century where the sexual caste discrimination is high and isn’t a high level alpha.
17 Bloody Cards
Tony pointed the screwdriver at Steve, shrugged "Funny things are." He answered smartly before slouched defiantly in his t-shirt and worn blue-jeans. He wished the man would just leave him and Bruce alone again so he could convince the man to work for him.
"He was an idiot." Tony scoffed, finally looking up at the soldier.
“As long as I can be with you and make you happy.” Steven sound so earnest. “If I can be with you, pride didn’t matter at all.”
"Thanks." Bruce muttered, felt some of the pressure he feels shifted. Tony smiled as he saw the beta relax a little.
Thor looked like he had been a punch in the gut. Loki turned, strode a few feet away from Thor, holding his aching back. “He did tell you of my true parentage, did he not?" Loki asked, raising his eyebrows at the thunder god.
And of course, there was the fact that every time he was around Steve he had to fight this insane urge to reach out and touch him. He knew Steve was having the same problem because he'd caught him reaching for Tony a couple of times, only to pull his hand back like he'd been burned and look apologetic.
A strange noise was coming through the commlink in his headgear. No, it wasn't a noise; it was music, some sort of rock song he assumed. The sound grew louder by the second. Completely confused about what was happening, Steve rolled over and looked up to the plane. Wondering what the hell Natasha was doing, distracting him and possibly endanger their mission.
Tony now.
NO, calm down. He just needed to squash it before it grew and fester… he must squash it. Unlike Howard, he wasn’t Icarus and he would never let Rogers be his sun. He settled into his mask of cold, disdain…
The sharp-clawed of dread and fear grabbed onto Steve’s chest that even a simple act like breathing took more strength than necessary. He vaguely aware of the aliens that were slowly converging on all sides, but all he cared about on was whether he’d see a red and gold blur come back through the portal, sans missile.
“How could you spout such lies about your father?” Steve was enraged. Howard wasn’t his soul-mate, but he was his lover. The one who gave him the support to fight the war especially after Bucky’s death!
Lips curved into a smile before Steven reduced the distance between him and the gentleman. He could smell the alluring, sweet smell of a high-level Omega. With how sought after male Omega was he was lucky this wonderful creature was still single.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony stared up at the Alpha and smirked: “Of course, I’m Iron Man remember.”
“What a waste,” Howard finally sighed reached out to grab the entire decanter of scotch.  “What a goddamn waste.”
Steve frowned at what Tony was saying, thinking it over. "You think Fury's hiding something?" He asked softly.
Rolled back onto his feet, he launched himself toward Thor, grabbed him by the arm and cape and swung him into another tree.
“Like you controlled the cube?” Steve said defiantly, his lips pressed together thinly.
Thor summoned back Mjolnir to his hand. Just as he’s about to smashed Iron man with the hammer, Tony powered up his hand thrusters and SKID across the ground to the air, escaped from the hit and tripping Thor over.
In fact Alphas is generally highly competitive which make them successful in anything they put their mind into…they also have leadership qualities and protective of their mate.
"I'm on it." Tony replied through the HUD
“Wh-What the hell?!” Tony gasped for breath, the effort burned his throat. He blinked up, he was suddenly looking up at a smoke-filled blue sky and Thor, Hulk and Steve were looking down at him.
Silence ensued as everyone took that in. Tony was the only one seemed unafraid; he was concerned for his new friend.
Iron Man rose up with all the grace of a metal lion. Light reflected off his immaculate armor as Iron Man stood both flashy and imposing at once to Loki. The cogs and whirs sounded as missiles and mini machine gun came bursting out of his armor and aimed in Loki's direction. It was an impressive layout, no wonder Tony was so full of himself!
Anthony could feel the moment shame struck his lover. “We-I” Steven forced out.
“Useless omega, I thought I told you to finish the new missile!”
After that Howard didn’t even bother keeping his infidelity a secret. He cheated on Maria whenever he needed something to numb his frustration which was at least two or three times a week. Most of his lovers were Omega, after all he still need an heir for his dynasty. But just as he failed to recreate super solder serum, revolutionize the arc reactor and searching for captain America, he failed to get another child which made him even more bitter and mean.
Tony Stark 4 years old
Oh God! Steven looked thoroughly rumpled and debauched, with his hair askew and his cheeks aflame. The yearned and hunger in his eyes were so plain that Anthony felt elation thrill through him. He wondered if he could make Steven begs for his affections, writhes in agonized need for Anthony’s hands on his body, Anthony’s mouth against his skin. Made Steven admit Anthony was all he wanted in the world.
"Help!" Tony cried over the comm.
Tony batted it back without even blinking an eye. “Genius; billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.”
“No. You're a Beta, Mr. Fury; you... don’t understand. I'm the ultimate Alpha. All my drives were to protect and defend everything I love and now they were gone." He had nothing to do and no one left to see or protect. He had only pain and nightmares; he wouldn't ever find the home he knew ever again. Steve already considered offing himself, twice, three times but he couldn’t. His religion, his beliefs and… something else… something he couldn’t put his finger on was holding him back...
‘Tony... a nuke? You what?’ Steve’s heart stopped for a beat as he realized what Tony was suggesting. He felt the panic rose like billowing smoke, felt it choked his soul. “NO, Tony don’t!”
Tony quickly blasted him with a relatively weak repulsor blast to his right temple causing Thor to fall back, losing his stance. Then he head-butted Thor with his gold-titanium alloy helmet only to get head-butt back and sent across the forest.
Steven’s heart turned into roaring war drums. A surge of possessiveness hummed through every inch of his body with a fierce sort of joy that Steven just wanted to grab and clung to him like a life raft. It was the most amazing feeling inside. His soulmate was like magic wrapped in light, serenaded by Angels.
“Shut up!” Howard growled. “I could do whatever the hell I like! Don’t forget who paid for everything around here!”
Tony ignoring him made Steve's hackles rose.
“C’ mon, C'mon,” Tony muttered, and the boot whined and spat sparked.
‘Shit, no, fuck fuck fuck, no fucking way,’ Tony thought as he quickly switched off the feed. He was breathless.
The explosion that told them that the Helicarrier was being attacked occurred; that was when everyone sprang into action.
Three months ago? So about the time, Captain America was thawed? Pepper snapped back to look at him. “Was he… Captain America?” She was falling apart, he could see it.
The surrounding aliens collapsed without a sound, the life in their eyes flickered and faded. The deed was done.
“I think I would just cut the wire.” Tony mused. He would approach a problem rationally first instead of being a dumb protector who gave up on finding a way out too quick.
‘NO, FOCUS!’ He walked down one of the corridors, toward the hull of the ship, on a mission to find evidence of what the two men were saying.
"I have a plan." Tony said back, paused momentarily to glance at Steve over his shoulder "Attack.”
Another twitched in Steve’s jaw. “I was wrong, Director. The world hadn't changed a bit.”
"That is the point!" The genius insisted. "He wanted to strike us where we live. Why?" Tony mused.
It feels like a deja-vu because Tony had been recause in every lifetime and Steve had try to keep him as safe as possible in every lifetime. Poor guy, a reckless Omega like Tony is hard for his mate but luckily Steve can handle it!
Steve was appalled that his soul-mate just poked at a sleeping dragon or in this case, sleeping green rage monster. Couldn't he, at least, kept his lips zipped around Bruce Banner?! Instead, Tony just have to be a total asshole and poked his big fat stick into a wound that was damned tender without caring how much it hurt the guy! Steve wanted to yell at him to keep his mouth shut but he had a feeling Tony would just laugh in his face and carried on.
Instinct kicked in and Tony pushed as hard as he could at Roger's chest. Thankfully he still had his gauntlet on him. Tony stepped back like he was burned, desperate for whatever space he could get between them.
“Head’s out,” The doctor cheered but her face remains serious and concentrated.
The billionaire wanted to yell at Rogers but settled for glaring. This wasn’t the time for this. He looked away at the heavy bloodstain on the far, lower wall again before let his mind went into overdrive. Steve was silent, afraid he would rile Tony again. "He made it personal." Tony’s eyes were bright with sudden realization.
Fury gathered Tony and Steve back into the briefing room. Everyone there had a look as if in a daze. A look of numb shock was shown on their devastated faces. Tony sat facing away from Fury. He was only here because he owed to Coulson to listen to the bastard’s spiel this once.
Tony’s spine as straight as a ruler. He replied curtly, matched his terse nod “Captain.”
“Smile that smile when you’re being both sensual and wicked.” The blond said and Anthony complied. “Perfect.”
Genre: Romance /Angst
It grated on Tony’s nerve and he whirled around sharply, his eyes sad, hurt and angry. "ARE YOU MOCKING ME?!” Tony snapped angrily. Steve fell silent, confused by Tony accusation. He could see both the unshed tears and Tony’s will to fight blazed hot as molten iron in the forge.
Then Steve realized child-like excitement at proving that he still knew something about America wasn’t a great facilitator of conversation and was glad he didn't see Tony's reaction to this. “I understood that reference.” He said flatly, wanting to bang his stupid head into the wall.
Maria found out about the affair from the newspaper headline. For several seconds Maria didn’t comprehend– three long seconds during which Maria just stood there, staring at the picture of her soulmate cheating with his secretary. It propelled her into a world of hurt and pain. The kind of pain that made her wanted to rip her heart out of her chest. An ache that will always be there, no matter what. It's not numbed, and it's omnipresent. The room blurred in front of her eyes as her tears fell unbidden.
While everyone was arguing in the lab, Barton was sneaking up on the ship with a group of soldiers
“At ease, SOLDIER!” He heard a voice, turns around, and saw a tall, bald, black man, with an eye patch over one eye, wearing a leather coat. The man stayed out of his arms reach--stared, appraised him with his powerful, one eye gaze -and had more than a dozen guards with guns in their hands backing him up.
Thor cut across Loki at that, frowning. "Who showed you this power? Who controls the would-be-king?" Thor mocked, honestly curious.
Tony felt like he was looking at a vicious tiger in the eyes, unpredictable and powerful, and it was so fucked up that he was fucking turn on by it.
Elderly Man “There are *always* men like you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Vaguely, Tony noticed Romanoff in the driver seat. A tiny frown on her face instead of that coolly appraising expression she favored; it only safe to assume that Shield knew. Damn, he would need to bribe Fury to keep Shield’s mouth shut… he must made sure Pepper never ever found out or she would leave thinking Captain America was the best thing ever for him!
I am not saying Tony is way better than Steve, Steve true greatness is his heart/moral value and belief and his tactical mind not his set of power…
“You wanna know my secret, Agent Romanoff? You want to know my secret; you want to know how I stay calm.” his voice filled with barely constrained anger.
OH GOD; Tony’s heart beating fast at the fiery intensity he encountered in Roger’s eyes- so strong and bright it resembled a fire burning in a black abyss. And that passion was being directed at him. It was concentrated to fill those eyes when they stared at him, he could felt his face heated up and his heart was thumping distinctly faster.
Steve stood beside Iron Man, still panting as he glared down at the surrendering god.
"No." Tony winced, not looking up at him. "He had a lover uh... cellist I think." he tried to keep the tightness out of his voice but fail. Why did he felt the need to share this with Rogers, he would never let himself be vulnerable in front someone he didn’t trust. He could feel the bond restless inside him and he tried to force it down.
Silence. Any normal Omega would have immediately obeyed a growl from OF the chart level Alpha like Rogers but never Tony. He had been swimming with sharks and military types in the business world-A world that was Alpha dominated culture- since he cut his baby teeth. He took it as an undeniable challenge.
Steve move into the Avengers tower.
Wincing at the impact and the large splintering noise, Tony quickly checked on his status. His sensors had taken quite the beating. Jarvis specs became blurry for a moment before it recovered.
The sound of bullets going over the line to pour straight into the Iron Man’s helmet. Tony’s blood ran cold as panic gripped his heart. ‘Were those bullets in the background? What the hell was going on down there?’
"Why? For believing?" Steve frowned and pushed away from the railing.
It was so very brief and Tony almost missed the moment where an expression opened and terrible like a fresh wound took its place on Steve’s face before that too vanished.
Tony after the battle decision is?
Tony’s stomach tightened as he could felt Roger’s attention in the soles of his feet, the very air that he breathed, in his bone. He hated that he had to put an effort not to spare a glance or a glare at the super-soldier. Tony being Tony, it only took him a second before once again exerted his cold control, his mask of arrogance and security firmly back in place. He would show Roger’s how little control the bond had over him!
Rogers continued to put his foot in his mouth, bristled Tony even more with how blatantly insensitive he was being in front of Bruce.
Soul-bonding was a romanticized notion. The Alexandrine Institute for the Study and Tracking of Soulmates had this to say on the subject of soulmates-
Tony’s chest ached with an un-namable feeling at the sight of the tough soldier’s tears. Good god, somehow Steve had looked much more beautiful now.
The Omega sighed, he was getting downright irritated hence he looked around before retorted mockingly. “Erm… Shakespeare in the park?”
Steve gunned the punching back like a wild animal, his strength unleashed, his self-control was in tattered now, each of his blows far too harsh and far too fast. Fury was trapped somewhere in the middle of being rivet and concern.
“JARVIS search for a painter named Steven Thorne. He probably lived during the 18th century. After you find him search for information about his paintings especially nude Omega painting.” It took Tony a moment to realize he used ‘After you find him.’ and not ‘If you find him.’
This was the man his father kept yapping about until his ears hurt from hearing all about Captain America and his ‘perfectness’ that he had wanted to punch something.
Tony was halfway out of his battered armor when the door swished open. He looked up, not entirely surprised to find the blond there. Alpha tended to get overprotective and Tony nearly got shredded.
“I’ve never seen you before.” Steven’s attention flowed on Anthony, a warm buoyant bath.
The three occupants of the plane quickly scanned the roof above them in alarm. Tony quickly retrieved his helmet before yanking it on and locking it in place.
WHY? He remembered the dream after he saw Tony picture in Shield file. How Tony-not this Tony, but he knew it was Tony and how his soul-mate looked at him with such love, affection and reverent.
“It’s an Omega boy!” the doctor cooed at the baby and snipped the umbilical cord.
“The Tesseract belongs to Asgard. No human is a match for it.” Thor insisted.
Steve felt those words sunk into him like bullets. A bitter, cruel, and undeniable challenge, it was hard to think beyond the pain those words caused him. There was some degree of truth with it, but Steve had pushed himself 10 times harder than all the other soldiers so he could earn the opportunity to try the serum. It wasn't handed to him. He had earned his powers, just like he had earned the privilege of going out into battle!
‘The Alpha you never fully trusted with your mind. You trusted her with your life, with your company and fortune but not with your innermost thought. In fact, you would sooner trust Rhodey. Now, why is that? Are you that scared of her seeing the true you and hating you? Or are you scared she would have too much power over you as Obie did?’
Tony knew that an amazing Alpha like Pepper deserved so much better and tried to be a better Omega for her. He made the effort to sleep on a more reasonable schedule, ate more healthily, tried hard to listen to her with empathy when she needs to vent about her day, and he drunk a lot less.
Steven conducted a rapid inventory of his appearance… his hair, his shirt.
If Steve wanted to find happiness and peace he should find it within himself first. Then he should be with someone with less baggage and a lot more submissive than Tony Stark, someone who could fit his 1940 archetype and made him happy. He didn’t want to be the happiest person today only to be broken and fade into the background like Maria when Steve decided he wasn’t good enough.
‘Wasn’t that what you deserved?! They took over Yinsen’s village, killed his family and him, all using the weapons you created!’ his mind told him. ‘At the end of the day, everything always came back to you!"
As if in synchronization, both of them launched toward each other, crashing with a screech of metal and rush of wind at the center of the arch they had created. Then they spiraled through the air, wrestling at the time as trying to control their flight back down. Tony elbowed and smashed Thor into the side of a mountain. Thor leaped off the mountain and took Tony with him, smashed down into a few trees before they both hit the ground hard, rolling over several times. Loki started chuckling at the sight.
When he looked at the cupboards, he saw some clothes in the closet and a toolbox that he could use when he wanted to fix up his bike. It seemed altogether a room he would be happy to live in. It felt like... like someone who'd known him had picked it out.
Warning: NC 17 slash.
The whole universe instantly compressed down to their kiss, to the way they shared breath. Something inside Anthony sang with glee, feeling every blissful touch of skin and lips on his.
[Soulmate:] A person with whom you had an immediate connection the moment you met. The connection was so strong that you were drawn to them in a way you had never experienced before. As this connection developed over time, you experienced a love so deep, strong and complex, that you doubted you had ever truly loved anyone prior.
Anthony felt Steven stumbled backward, found his footing, and grappled with Anthony’s ass. Steven growled something low. Steven’s body felt like heaven against him, his arms like magic. Anthony undid Steven breeches in no time. His penis reared up, hard and eager. Anthony felt Steven’s desire roared like a wild beast. Steven groaned into his mouth and pulled off his beloved’s breeches. Then Steven lifted him higher. There was nothing but Steven. His skin. His scent.
Tony had reached the monitors, without sparing a single glance at the super-soldier and it angered Steve. Tony looked at the monitors.
Tony was aware of being knocked to the ground and something… someone else shielding him protectively. He didn’t have to look to know it was Rogers.
"Doctor?" Steve asked, wondered whether Bruce agreed with Tony.
"Do you think I'm not?" Tony retorted, frowned again, rounded the desk and moved closer to Rogers. "Why did Fury call us in? Why now? Why not before? What isn't he telling us?" Tony asked, moved back to his desk and looked across at Rogers. "I can't solve an equation unless I have all the variables." He said, picked up a bag of blueberries from the desktop and started opening it.
Thor snarled at that, flinging his Mjolnir rapidly. Tony’s turned around swiftly. The hammer soared towards Tony’s chest and shunting him a few feet back into a tree with a loud crash before he even had time to do anything.
“… That couldn’t be.” Steve said even though deep down he always felt something wasn’t right with their relationship, something he couldn’t put his finger on. “I feel the pull.” ‘But you’re so dissimilar.’ His mind supplied.
Steve continued to lay waste into the bag, heard Fury stepped closer before stopping near him. It seemed the man didn’t understand an obvious dismissal when he saw one.
The truth is Steve kind of had been looking at Howard through 'soulmate' goggle which even powerful an illusion than 'first love goggle' and pretty much make it all perfect in his own mind-which is pretty far from reality-and only remember the good thing. You know like people who seriously believe they can't love anyone after they fail their first love but then bam The One show up and you know…Sometime people put they first love on pedestal and what-not...I never did that,  but even after 20 years I still remember my first love and have lingering feeling and I haven’t met him for 20 years
“Wait. What are you doing?!” Steve called to him in alarmed. Tony ignored him and headed towards the opening hatch. Steve quickly followed him.
“It was a present from Stark. He said it was 10 times better than your old ones. He also wanted me to tell you, you were welcome to move to Avengers Tower if you want it. He had personalized the tower’s top 4 floors for all of us.” Clint said with a smile. He and Natasha shared a floor being mate and all.
He knew how it felt to have blood in your hands, to felt like a monster. Tony had dreams of ghosts hanging at his back or crawling toward him with blood pouring from their mouth and gazes corrupted with hatred boring. The dying, spluttering gasps play on repeat in every silent moment. He had felt his hands burn darker and darker, as his sins creep down beneath his butternut skin to grate against his bones as an ever-present reminder. The guilt gets heavier and heavier to bear and turning to face his past becomes an impossible task. His past sin was a combination of ego and ignorance that have created for him a noose that made it nearly impossible to breathe. The stains of his sins was so distorted on his hands and bones he could feel the filth of them at every waking hour. He wanted to end his life! Yet what good would suicide do but made him forever a murderer of countless of life and no longer hope for atonement.
“But… that is because he hasn’t met me before. I will change his mind.” Steve informed him confidently, never took his eyes from his soulmate. It was unfair how society treated Omega. No one even batted an eye if an Alpha or Beta man slept around, hell he knew some of his acquaintances who made it a habit of cheating on their spouse behind their back. But when an Omega man or woman did it, they were looked down upon and could only saw fit to become a mistress/concubine.
Bruce ran a gamma-ray detection scanner on the scepter for radiation, safe in Tony's lab and under the surveillance of Stark and himself. Bruce looked over at Tony. "The Gamma readings are definitely consistent with Selvig's reports of the tesseract. But it's going to take weeks to process." He commented, frowning lightly.
Maria had been drowning in depression that she completely neglected Tony’s care. There were never any hugs of tenderness or encouragement. She never or cared about any need of her son.
Tony merely glared at him like a piss-off-cat. “I'm not afraid to hit an old man,”
“You said I am not a hero and my father was a far better man than I am, I admit you were right on the bat.” Steve’s face contorted in surprise at Tony’s confession.
He had trusted Obie, he stupidly trusted Obie, enough that he had given him every security override he had. Both Jarvis and Obie had become his father figures long before Howard died. Both men made it their mission to know him as well as he knew himself and became Tony's pillar in life for totally different reasons. Tony wished he had figured out Obie's reasons earlier.
Sometimes Maria blamed Tony, saying it was all Tony’s fault for being Captain America’s soul-mate, that his existence had renewed Howard’s desire to find the Super-Soldier relic. For years, Tony believed it.
Tony had survivor guilt. He blamed himself for Yinsen’s death even though it wasn’t his fault
"SHOW THIS MAN SOME RESPECT, YOU..." Steve’s eyes were as sharp as cobalt daggers.
He turned and pointed to a box on the wall a little off to the left side of Steve. "I need you to get to that engine control panel, and tell me which relays are in overload position." he instructed as he flew into the cooling conductors, waiting for Steve to tell him the info he needed.
By the time Iron Man got to his feet, their prisoner had disappeared into the clouds with the blond man. "Now there's that guy."
As it was, he and Thor watched in surprise as a giant green shape launched itself at Tony with a roar, and snagged Iron Man only a couple of dozen feet before he hit the ground. Hulk cradled Tony close to his chest as he broke their descent with the building and then finally with his own body. Rubble and dust seemed to rain from their explosive impact. Hulk none too gently tossing the man off him to the concrete of the road.
He could see Steven’s throat moved as he swallowed, “My liege, we…”
Chapter 13: Help Bruce accept himself
Steve nodded. "I heard it." He said, waiting for Bruce to explain further.
Pepper only smiled sadly. "I am sorry too. But not quite as much as you, I thought.”
Chapter 18 Tony's past, Steve comfort, the truce for now
“And you had been doing what exactly?” Bruce batted back mockingly.
Steven had Anthony posed naked on the bed, stared shamelessly at him. “So beautiful.” Steven whispered, gazed softly at him. A simple look from him made Anthony felt beautiful in a way he never had before.
"It doesn't matter." Tony growled through his filter, frustrated. "If he frees Loki or kills him, the Tesseract is lost."
They ran through the dim, debris-filled halls. Tony tried to stay ahead so Rogers wouldn't touch him again. He had no time to deal with the influx of emotions the other man brought.
It was so brief. Tony almost missed the moment where an expression open and terrible like a fresh wound took its place on Roger’s face. The expression vanished making way to love and acceptance he could never dream to be directed at him and that made him feel even lower than dirt. “I understand, Mr. Stark.”
Most families had an Alpha as a first-born or only child especially if one or both of the parent was Alpha. It was usually unthinkable/very unlikely for a high-level Alpha to not have an Alpha as first born/only child.
After the surgery she felt like she had all the symptoms of period: PMS, bloating, moodiness, body temperature changed. Eventually her hormones found their balance, but it took months.
Pepper found the right side of the bed to be empty, a normal occurrence since the battle of New York. The only difference was Tony was here, not in his lab working on his many projects. Pepper watched the other man’s profile. Tony looked more tired and sleep-deprived than she ever saw him. Whatever Tony had been bottled up had been eating him worse than Pepper thought.
"So," Tony said, stepped back, "do you want a tour around the tower, Captain?"
Steve found him standing in Banner's pseudo cell room, the one they'd had Loki trapped in.
"Well, if he could do that." Banner continued. "He could achieve heavy-ion fusion at any reactor on the planet."
"Stark Tower?" Rogers asked, obviously still haven't managed to follow Bruce's logic. Seriously, Fury wanted this guy to lead them?!
Cause I shoot to thrill and I'm ready to kill!
His protest was cut off by Roger's mouth on his, kissed him like a man dying of thirst would kiss a river, tried to drink it dry, wild and greedy and almost angry. One large hand speared into the brunet's hair and held him to the kiss, held him captive while Roger's lips crushed his in urgent need, ravenous hunger.
Steve didn’t realize how hollow and rehearse the titles sound because he was hurting so much. He had allowed himself to believe that his soul-mate could fill the hole in his heart only to get harshly rejected. He had slammed that hurt down behind the icy walls of contempt.
Howard dropped a bomb on her. Howard told her he wanted an heir to ensure his dynasty. An alpha male heir. It wasn’t a hard request most family especially one where one or two of his parent were alpha usually got an alpha male child as their first child.
As much as Steve disliked it, he couldn't bear being separated from his soul-mate so soon when they were in the same vicinity, it was like withdrawal from a drug.
JARVIS patched through a call informing Tony that Loki had been spotted in Struttberg, Germany and the sinister occurrences going on there.
Tony and Coulson walked toward the bridge, he could feel Roger’s presence in the control room. Decided on playing it cool, he asked Coulson about his love life, tried to focus on their talk rather than the pull.
It shouldn’t burn him this much, especially after how he treated Rogers. But when did common sense and emotion ever really mix, especially for a Stark?
Using the excuse of getting better marketing, he had named Tony creations as his because he didn’t want the world to know that his Omega son’s talent outstripped that of his own. Tony being the foolish, loyal son he was had let him!
Suddenly, the engines shut down.
A rumble of laughter escaped Loki’s lips at the sight and he embracing his arms out.
Bruce looked up, waved his hands to indicate his work. "Uh. I just want to finish my work here." He hedged, tried not to make any wild accusations.
Before unfinished serum Bucky: near high level -78% alpha
“This was all your fault.” she yelled with animalistic fury. “I should never have you.’’ His mother's words stabbed him deep but he held back tears. It was ingrained by Howard who would become worse if Tony so much as show a weakness. Stark men are made of iron- Howard would say.
As they argued, no one realized the blue gem on Loki’s scepter was glowing brightly.
Viciously jabbing the punching bag with a fierce expression, Steve’s enhanced hearing picked up the sound of footsteps coming towards the gym and wasn’t at all surprised by the commander’s appearance.
Then he realized that he was in the bed he shared with the Alpha he loved. Pepper was lying beside him and could have heard his moaning St-no, Rogers--don’t start calling his first name just because of one measly sex dream.
"Well, I think it was meant for you." Bruce said, pointed at Tony, who looked out of the window towards where Loki was caged. Tony offered him his bag of freeze-dried blueberries, which he accepted. "Even if Barton didn't tell Loki about the Tower, it was still all over the news." Bruce continued. Steve listened, tried to understand how it was connected.
Steve was quiet, trying to wrap his mind around this; it was obvious he found it difficult to accept the ugly truth. Hell, Tony wished it wasn’t the truth either.
Steve laughed harshly and rubbed his hand over his face. “This was the real reason you rejected me, isn’t it? You’re such a parochial ass, Stark!” He wished he was still buried in the ice because nothing hurt him more than Tony’s rejection.
Steve surged upward, pushed through the battering winds amidst a hail of bullets, and grabbed the edge of the lever and yanked it. The damn thing was stuck at first before he got it to work, opened the air ducts under the engine to drop Tony out.
Steve took a step closer, his own pulse thundered in his ears, drowning out the sound of the helicopter.
15  Fix the engine
Tony could see the others didn’t take this particularly well except Thor, Thor’s brow furrowed in confusion at the tension in the room.
“The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. Only the major component he still needs is a power source. A high energy density, something to kick starts the cube.” He noted the puzzle looks he was getting out of the corner of his eye.
‘Wait - what was that?’
Then Steve scolded himself under his breath. This wasn’t the appropriate time for distracting thoughts. Steve quickly pulled himself up off the floor, snagged his shield off the ground and began making his way over toward Iron Man.
Actions
He had lost.
Steve's hands were bleeding, his body trembled. He wanted to fall to the floor, collapse under sobs that spiral out from his bones.
Fury replied scathingly “I don't know about that, but it is powered by the cube. And I'd like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.”
He had finally met with the object of Howard obsession and still didn’t understand why Howard had been so obsessed in finding Captain fucking America under the ice. Was Howard this narcissistic about his creation, it mostly Erskine’s formula that did the work with Captain America.
And they really should improve Roger's uniform, it looked kind of dumb. He ignored the fact Rogers wore it really, really well. Just how much protection did it gave him anyway? Tony bet he could make one 10 times better… not that he cared about Roger’s safety of course. And who wore bright blue and enjoy having a giant star in the middle of his chest for people to target! Did Captain ‘perfect’ lacking brain cells or had latent suicidal tendencies… The last thought sent a wave of panic through him… No Rogers must have serious lack of self-preservation instinct…
Tony’s happiness had a charge she could feel, as though he was a tree where lightning had struck and stayed to race through the branches. All the years she had known him, she never thought he could look so happy, so content. She vowed she would give her best to keep that bright happiness on his face.
He could see the moment good sense returned to Steven.
“You wanna think about removing yourself from this environment, Doctor?” Natasha replied.
That cheek electrified by contact with Steven was the only one that mattered. The muscle, inside the darkest, the deepest part of the Omega clenched most deliciously. The pain was so sweet and sharp, he wanted to close his eyes, but he was still hypnotized by Steven’s eyes stared fervently into his. It took a moment before Anthony snapped out of it.
And most of all, how alive he felt, how the ice that numbed him to the world was all gone, how a surge of possessiveness humming through every inch of his body with a fierce sort of joy that Steve just want to grab and cling to him like a life raft. It was the most amazing feeling inside. Tony was like magic wrapped in light, serenaded by Angels.
He felt an ache, loneliness that would not cease, and shivered in a way that had nothing to do with the cold. It was all gone, gone, gone. He could never come home, there was no home waiting for him any longer. He felt like a big piece of himself had been torn away, and he hadn’t even known it existed before it was gone!
Steve gave him such a hard look Tony felt like he had been turned into stone. “You were lying, Howard Stark was a great man, how could you degraded him!” Rage bubbled inside of Steve.
“Also, it means the portal can open as wide, and stay open as long, as Loki wants.” In one swift movement, he placed his special button-sized section of JARVIS under Fury’s desk, to start hunting the files he needed. He looked back to Bruce “Something to… kick-start the cube.”
That was about all Tony could handle, especially since he had so obviously failed Coulson. He stood up abruptly and walked out without a word. He might hurt Fury if he continued to be in that room.
“I understood.” Steve repeated for a third time, eyes dark with anger now. “That you’re a fucking coward and a liar!” As Steve carried on, his voice rose and the anger in his tone painted his words with venom.
“Pepper… I am bonded to someone else.” The bitterness was sharp enough to cut his breath in half. He wanted to look away but he couldn't, he owed her his full attention. Oh, but it was hard to watch.
“Look like that super serum doesn’t enhance your mind. A little slow there, huh, buddy?”
God! This day made a month and three weeks, a month and three weeks since he’d rejected Steve yet he still wasn’t over this. Even when he and Pepper slept on the same bed, it felt like there was an impenetrable wall between them. He knew Pepper was all too aware of it, and that was what he was afraid of.
After what seemed like a long flight, they finally arrived at the Helicarrier. Not wanting to be in Rogers’ presence longer than necessary Tony quickly made his way to the cargo.
After the palladium poison debacle, not only had he convinced Pepper to continue helming his company, they shared their first make-out session and romance blossomed between them.
Fury sighed; he didn’t like this one bit but it was his only resort “What if I tell you Howard Stark wasn’t your soul-mate.”
Again Tony made his way to her mother. “Mommy, are you okay?” concern thick in his voice. His mom looked at him and he could see dark, furious rage directed primarily at him, for the first time his mother didn’t look pretty, her face contorted to something ugly and frightening.
Not until that moment had Steve realized how empty he had felt how desperately he needed to hold the other half of his soul. As deep as bones, as ingrained as blood, as essential as breath- all needs and all desires were ultimately only one. Tony the fiery and dynamic center which everything else in Steve's world turned to.
"Sure." And, believe it or not, he gave it to him.
‘Am I supposed to believe that man was me? Belief in all that reincarnation bullshit about special type soulmate, twin flame/twin-soul who had spent many lifetimes together instead of just one.’
Tony unwilling to admit even to himself that a big part of him couldn’t bring himself to let his soul-mate stuck in ice even if he thought Rogers was long dead. “I…” he could choose not to answer at all or said he was after the serum in Steve’s blood but somehow he felt compelled to answer with the truth even if it was only a half-truth.
"It's different.” Bruce insisted, turning back to his work. There was no way to control the Other Guy. That was the whole point. He was and always will be chaos unbound.
Tony put on an extra burst of speed and wrapped battered arms around it. He was going to end this. He started flying towards the portal.
2 A new chapter in life
When Tony awakened from his dream he felt both guilty and like he lost a limp, he decided enough was enough he needed to tell Pepper the truth. It would make him more miserable but at least then one of them could be happy.
Tony felt the beat of his heart as it started fading within his chest. ‘… I’m sorry, Steve.’ Then he let go, ready to embrace death. He could feel the second disturbance in the air, the portal was closing.
His hands were shaky as he poured himself a glass of gin even though he knew it couldn’t do anything to him… one of the downsides of the serum.
“These were in Phil Coulson's jacket...” Fury said, staring at something in his hands. Maria looked up at that. “I guess he didn’t get you to sign them…” the Director of Shield allowed some of his sadness leaked to his voice as he threw the bloodstained Captain America trading cards on the table towards Steve.
Bruce watched them as warily as if someone might throw the first punch.
After that, they all talked over each other and argued. It was a giant cluster of confusion and anger but the center of Steve’s attention was always Tony. They were fighting pointlessly, Steve knew this, but he felt a dark, furious rage directed primarily at his soul-mate who rejected him harshly, a man who just lost everything that he couldn't manage to shut up.
‘Please, like I need it.’ He scoffed mentally. He hoped Rogers didn’t think they were pals just because they had worked together and saved each other’s ass.
Tony was a firecracker of energy and ideas that by the time he was 16, Tony had created half of Stark industry’s new weapons and a brand new suppressant for Omega. It hurt that Howard claimed all Tony inventions as his, but he told himself, Howard was right it gives them better marketing. It later became one more reason for him to resent Howard.
“But…”
His love was asleep next to him, under the duvet, his naked body wrapped tightly around Steve.
This could be channel into good like Steve and Thor channel this for a good cause while Obie was blinded by greed for wealth and power. Steve is one of the rare Alpha who is good Hufflepuff + Griffindor minded.
But Tony didn’t show.
"You're tip-toeing big man. You need to strut." He said to Bruce and emphasized his point by straightened his back and stepped forwards ridiculously. Rewarded with a small chuckle from the Doc, he resigned himself to facing Captain America.
Steven moved, started to thrust with earnest. The stretch stung at first, then the pleasure danced over the pain and made Anthony keen with delight. Steven was breathless felt the same, and it redoubled until Anthony almost thought that he was the one fucking Steven. Anthony moaned loudly and answered back, gave him just as he got, rode him hard, smacked against him.
Steve didn't bother arguing he just grabbed Tony a second time. This time with both hands so Tony couldn't pull away before pushing him down the hall.
Steve could feel Tony through the bond, it filled him with gut-wrenching fear he swore he felt Tony’s desperation. His Twinflame desperation to live had echoed in his head before it slowly faded.
Maria was so happy that she pushed into Howard with such force that he had to brace himself. The chemistry was unimaginable. They had forgotten why they were there. The contact between their bodies were the only thing that mattered. He could smell the sweetness of her skin and hair, feel the wetness of her breath against his neck and the warmth of her breasts against his chest.  Her beautiful, body trembled against his. His hand moved exquisite slowly on her back, the tiniest movement sent currents of electricity that sent connections to her throat, nipples and clit. She felt helpless with arousal. If he had strip her bare and fuck her in front of everyone, she would have offered no resistance.
He was still itching to punch him. But Tony wasn’t like Rogers who acted exactly like A LITTLE BRAT. A BRAT WHO DISHED OUT INSULTS BUT QUICKLY RESORTED TO FIGHTING WHEN TONY CAME UP WITH HIS WAY BETTER COMEBACKS. COMEBACKS THAT WAS FULL OF brains and truth, unlike Rogers who only brought bad comebacks and idiotic, cocky remarks to the table. Besides, if he wore the suit he couldn’t get his-Steve-breaking-his bone-evidence-souvenir.
It was even worse for Beta/Omega couple like Bruce and Betty (though they can still get marry so not that bad). And even worse for Alpha/Alpha and Omega/Omega couple. Though at some country Alpha/alpha and Omega/Omega could marry just like gay couple nowadays.
“Anthony Reeves.” his voice was smooth, elegant like fine wine.
One thing for sure, he couldn’t put Pepper through this anymore, not when he knew he couldn’t love her the same way he used to. Pepper, his special Pepper deserved more. She deserved a man that could love her with all his heart. He had to come clean to her soon. Just the thought of hurting her made him felt low but he had to do it.
Bruce nodded. "It's powered by an Arc Reactor. Self-sustaining energy source. That building will run itself for... what? A year?" Bruce asked, looked at Tony. Tony confirmed.
It hurt her deeply that Howard was willing to let her die if it meant getting a shot at an Alpha son.
Steven didn’t respond – he really couldn’t – but he let loose. He picked up speed, went harder and faster, this time, finding Anthony’s sweet spot as well. Anthony's eyes widened and he screamed. Steven moaned-no doubt felt his ecstasy through the bond-and pounded into his sweet spot harder, faster. They were one. Mind, body, and soul, they were joined, and their minds a mess of sensation, love, and lust.
In a rush, the baby came into the world, smeared in blood and fluids. The doctor caught Tony with expert hands and he’s all floppy limbs for a moment before he started wailing and trashing his arms like he’s fighting her.
Steve felt a surge of anger that he wrestled down quickly. "Howard is a great man." he said instead, carefully even.
Massaged his forehead with his hand, Steve looked around the room in confusion as if seeing it for the first time. This whole thing… Steve felt like he had turned inside out, all his anger and hurt about Tony and his harsh rejection spewing forth.
Steve’s felt his heartbeat everywhere, even in his toes. The soldier felt like doing something bold like kissing Tony. He was sure that wasn’t a smart option considering Tony’s reaction to the first time. He wasn’t sure he cared.
Steve grabbed his arm tight enough to bruise and wheeled him around so they were face to face, hurt palpable on his face.
Anyway, Steve and Tony weren’t just soul-mate they were Twin-flame soul-mates. Twin-flame were really rare, and they had spent many past reincarnations together. It was said that you could have a few soulmates, but only one twin flame. Twin-flame soulmate totally knocked regular soul-mate off the board. The dreams Tony had been his past life memories
Tony met Bruce
In 1950, the new law and Omega right are against it stated that “People deserves freedom to choose!”
He was a protector, a survivor, an inventor, and a tech genius and the far more logical choice for the job of protecting his country and the world than some subpar super soldier from1940 century. Despite his holier than thou personality, Rogers only had low-level super-strength and an obsolete vibranium shield. Besides Rogers probably didn’t have any idea how to work current technology.
Despite his well-honed defences, Rogers’ beauty, like a marble statue, struck like a blast of flame, searing his senses, trampling his determination and made his blood sang with the serene hum of Zen gardens. Like the first time he saw Captain America’s movie, he became blind to everything but Rogers and he couldn’t help visually devouring him. But it was neither his muscly figure nor his stunning face that left Tony breathless and stupid. It was something else; it shone in Rogers’ eyes like sunlight on sapphire, gleamed on the very glow of his porcelain skin. He felt a surge of possessiveness so strong that he nearly recoiled. His heart was pounding a little too fast, a little too hard, the arc reactor almost singing, hot and whining in his chest cavity. Steve was like all his dreams come true, serenaded by Angels.
Warning: NC 17 slash.
"You have no idea of the forces with which you are tangling with!" The blond growled, his temper rose.
Steve started to walk away but then he turned around. “I had been meaning to ask you. The expedition… you could have cut the fund.” because the expedition to search for him from under the ice had been funded by Stark industry. “Why? If you really… I meant you must think I was dead.” the bond in him that rang strong and true ever since Tony’s near-death told him the answer but he wanted to hear it from Tony.
“Agent Hill.” he responded.
There was no reason for him to feel any guilt or pity when the guy was this disgustingly arrogant. This was the guy they chose to carry the mantle Captain America, seriously, were they imbecile?! Erskine chose him because he was a good man, my foot! And Fury wanted this arrogant, brainless gorilla to be the leader of the Avengers, like Tony would ever follow him anywhere!
“You didn't come here because I bat my eyelashes at you.” A hint of anger from Natasha.
It was just an image, not even in color, but Tony felt a bolt shot through his body. Captain America was still as youthful as he had been in those film reels that his dad used to keep around if a little was more tense around the eyes, and somber around the mouth. Something inside Tony twisted, and he was overcome with an intense feeling of longing.
At least, he wasn’t the only one doing the homework. Let’s see how smart the famous Doc. Banner was in person.
•	19 Tony near death
Contempt and fury radiated from Tony like a silver flame. Steve could almost felt it, a blaze of energy around the other man as Tony glared at him with fierce intensity and disdain. If a look could kill, Steve would be dead twice over!
Steve ignored the guilt at the hurt and confusion written all over Tony’s face. Tony himself had shamelessly admitted in the ‘ass-clown video’ that he only donned his armor for fun and to feed his ego. This was just a game for the bastard.
The one with Rhodey would never paint a giant star in the middle of his armor’s chest is a joke since he did in Iron man 3
Reminding himself that he had witnessed first-hand how the propaganda machine worked, Steve knew he had to hunt down more evidence before he passed judgment. There had to be something that could disprove this!
Tony, who found it disconcerting, wanted to snap at him to stop staring ‘Just takes a picture, it will last longer!’
What he found out gave Steve hope that perhaps Anthony Stark wasn’t nearly as bad as people said. After all, Howard seemed uncaring to many but blamed himself every time his creation fail to save soldiers’ life.
Tony’s smile grew sharper, and he threw his head back and laughed. It was raucous, sounded like scraping knives.
Loki clenched his hands into fists on his lap. "I'm not overly fond of what follows." he answered while lifting his gaze to scan the roof of the plane as if he expected something to fall through it.
“Why? Why couldn’t I be enough for you? This wasn’t the life you promised me.” Her voice was broken. She cried, got drunk and vent her anger on Tony.
That dream was full of heat and so much love that at the last transcendent moment, Tony felt the whole world went up in white- flames. He woke up, blinked a few times before he realized it was just a vivid dream and felt the content feeling drained out of him. He was shocked by the intensity of the sorrow and loneliness he felt. The feeling was more than disappointment— like a piece of him was missing. It filled Tony like an ache.
--ready gonna fire at will!
Whatever Tony saw in him, it wasn’t enough to convince the genius. His precision glare nailed him as sharp as brown daggers. "Enough not to say how high when he says jump?”
Maria held her newborn child. Tony was so cute, with big brown eyes that stared at his mother but there was no lightning strike of love when people first see their baby post-delivery that everyone talked about. Instead Maria couldn’t be more unmoved.
“HIGHER FORM?” Fury’s eyes twitched with anger “You forced our hand! We had to come up with some way that we could...”
Captain America reflexively caught his shield and strapped it tight to his arm "That's enough!" the Captain ordered, glared daggers at the god-like alien, reigning in his anger at the Alien for hurting his mate. As much he wanted to beat the other Alpha down, he knew he needed to handle this calmly to avoid an intergalactic war
As a natural leader Alpha can channel their cunning and natural leadership either to lead and protect like Steve and Thor or to control and used like Obie and Howard.
‘I’m sorry, Steve.’
Instead of protecting and caring for him as Jarvis had, Obie found and cracked every single one of his issues and manipulated them perfectly. Then he committed the ultimate betrayal, cumulating in attacking Tony in his own home. Worse, his stupidity had put Pepper life on the line. Thank god, Coulson protected her. He owed the man a great debt.
Steve’s punches faltered before picking up again. He didn’t recognize the world he lived in now. This wasn’t the world he willing to die to protect anymore. "That is unfortunate because I don’t need this world.” Steve punched the bag a little harder. “Should have left me in the ice.” Steve gritted his teeth, put more force into his next blow and the punching bag flown backward, rupturing like an artery
He used the power surge to launched repulsor blasts from both his arms and chest-plate, sending the blond alien flying.
‘The bastard was only looking after himself!’ Steve thought in disgust. It made perfect sense. Why else would a spoiled billionaire, asshole like Tony Stark worked for Shield for free or willingly risks his life fighting an alien army? He smirked with dark glee. He had ammo to bring Tony Stark down!
His mind went back to The Dream… Perhaps it was his destiny to end up here….
Bruce fought a smile. He had managed to impress Tony Stark, one of the five smartest minds on the planet.
“Look, Rogers.” Tony said strongly, “I already have someone special. And believe it or not, I am monogamous when it comes to a relationship.”
Then Iron Man charged at the Alien. Leaped like a feral cat and kicked him hard through a tree, sending him flying. Thor fell back with a grunt, dropping Mjolnir as he landed.
“Steven,” his cousin sounded like someone just died but Steven’s mind was too preoccupied to care.
Steve watched the man passed by him without a blink. "First time you've lost a comrade?" he asked gently.
There was definite knife-edge sharpness to Tony's smirk. “Wow, you had a poor observation, Capsicle, this little pep squad was in for a rough ride. To think they planned to make us follow you into battle with that skill. Then again, seventy years in ice must have affected your brain somehow right?” he smiled, a wicked, barbed grin.
“We ALL were!” she said a little frustrated.
Like typhoon Howard swept her off her feet and they got married in a week of knowing each other. Hundreds of greedy Omegas and betas wept into their martinis as Maria Collins Carbonell, Italian model married their dream man.
JARVIS did and his brilliant AI informed him that his medical records that show his childhood abuse and psychoanalysis had also been erased. He didn’t care what their reason was. Fury, Natasha/Natalie, and SHIELD were so high in Tony’s shit list, it wasn’t even funny! He knew things wouldn’t end so easily, the mono-eye bastard had another copy of the footage.
“I-We couldn’t be together anymore… It wasn’t fair to you.” Quieter still, on a soft expulsion of breath that sounded like it hurt Tony to let go. "I’m sorry." Tony said, far weaker than he intended. He's not crying but something in him must be weeping, otherwise, he wouldn't want to crumple like flimsy paper. “I should have told you, I should have told you 2 months ago. I just didn't want it.’’
"Tony, please." Steve looked at his soulmate, knowing his eyes offered everything.
Nearing the lab, he stopped at the sight of the Billionaire Tony Stark and Doctor Banner interaction. Tony had exchanged his expensive suit for a pair of old jeans and a faded Black Sabbath shirt.
“Peggy, the commandoes are dead.” another cry left him, sounding more like a choked sob as he gunned into the punching bag like a wild animal again. Sand began pouring out of the hole that Steve had made earlier causing it to sag in the middle and the top half to fall backward slowly.
Steve broke into a panic and ran alongside Thor, shouldered past Thor to reach Tony. ‘Is he breathing.’ Steve knelt, turned Tony onto his back, and ripped off the faceplate off Iron Man but Tony didn't even stir.
“In case you needed to kill me, but you couldn't! I know! I tried...!” Bruce shouted the bitterness in his voice was clear as day.
Steve jumped to the other railing and took them down, even went as far as throwing one of the Hellicarier. A few more entered, fired at Steve. The super-soldier grabbed a gun and jumped back to the lever, fired down at them.
Was it possible for a man to have eyes so radiantly blue and glowing skin? Or was this near-death thing? His stare alone sent a flurry sparks through Tony’s body.
It not like Rogers was wrong. The weapons he created to protect American soldiers and help them defend their country had been used to ruin lives reduced untold millions of innocents into blood spattered on the ground. He had to do something to wash away all the blood in his hand! Simply balancing it with saving people wasn’t enough, nothing would ever be enough! He needed to keep saving more, more and more people until his last breath. It was the only way he could live with himself, was that so wrong?!
Strong and willful, he rolled over him to exploit and explored until Steve was delirious with pleasure. The savage, transcendent triumph in Steve’s cries.
Tony could hear his mom yelling. “Don’t think you could just get away with this, HOWARD STARK!”
"Jury's out." Tony got that smirk on his face that Steve already started to hate.
The chemistry was unimaginable, they never felt more alive. Their ease with each other was profound and immediate. They stayed together until the middle of the night; cuddled up on a blanket, just talking and getting to know each other. Howard was handsome, funny, and engaging. Their banter was playful, romantic and sexy.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve dropped to a knee avoiding the blow then he punched and kicked and dodged Loki’s blows. Their fight seemed like a dance.
Hulk high level alpha.
Nick staring was interrupted by a loud sound. He lifted his gaze and saw a Quinjet took off following by the announcement of unauthorized departure from bay 6.
Steve still remembered his vow when Tony’s nearly died. “I understand, Mr. Stark.” he would wait for Tony how long it took even if it took him lifetimes.
“Did you know about this?” Bruce sounded angry as he looked over at Natasha.
Soul-bonding was a rare occurrence with only 3500 bonding confirmation in America since the early seventeenth century. The rarest and ultimate bond of soul-bonding was called the Twin-flame; they claimed to have spent many past reincarnations together.
Tony already admired Banner’s work, and he liked the man the instant he had a sniff of the beta’s clean smell. Bruce’s smell of citrus and green leaves, warm spice, a base note of cedar and sycamore. Mid-level Beta like Jarvis, usually the safest and surest of any pack.
The same cold, all-consuming helplessness he had felt as he saw Yinsen’s life seeped away from underneath his fingertips filled him and crippled him. He could barely draw breath. His torture, his surgery, did Fury show all that to ROGERS… to others, video evidence of Tony screaming, crying and out of his mind with the pain while being tortured? Or worse how Tony caused Yinsen- the best man he had ever known-death?! Selfishly let the man bought him time at the cost of his life. Just HOW MUCH did ROGERS KNEW?!!
In 1940 it was an unwritten society law that one had to stay with their soulmate regardless the circumstances ex domestic abuse, cheating. It is consider to be a sin to reject your soulmate.
“And you think you’re so above me.” Steve’s voice tight and fierce. Anger boiled inside of him mixed it with bitter water and filled him, consumed him. He wanted to hit something or break something. He was afraid he’d hit Tony. ‘Why not? You know he had goaded you to hurt him since you both met. He probably a masochist.’ His mind supplied wickedly. “I’ve seen the footage….” his words dripped with scorn.
A pealing clap of thunder streaked the sky, flashing blue light through the small space followed by the heavy rumbling of thunder.
The intensity rippled through Tony like lightning.
Anthony listened to the sounds of Steven's shuffled and of charcoal scratched against the paper, watched the fine hairs of his lover's brow scrunched together in concentration. Steven’s tongue peeked from behind his smooth lips ran over the surface before darted back in. It sent a rush of heat coursed through the Omega, took his breath away.
Thor's and Natasha’s voice and scent were also easy to pinpoint. He liked the god-like alien. Thor was very interesting and intriguing. Natasha was on his shit list as the rest of Shield-excluding Coulson for saving Pepper. She injected him in the neck with something against his will even if it was to save his life.
Bruce Banner is the best model for Beta they are control and diplomatic in nature and usually the one that keeps a pack together. Being raised by Jarvis a middle-level beta, Tony had a soft spot for them. Most Betas is closer to Hufflepuff plus Ravenclaw in personality. More than 3/4 or 6/8 of the people in the world is Beta. Not affected by heat like Alpha and Omega, they also prefer as workers.
This man is more to me than you can dream,
Iron Man repulsor blasted out of the moving machine and into the cold night air. He grinned at the sound of Captain America swearing behind him before dipping down the sky
Either they have a peaceful Hufflepuff nature or they are more Gryffindor or Slytherin in personality and fiercely compete in chasing after their dream/climb to the top. They are some Omega although minority who decide to not married and focus on their job, some even sterilize themselves to stop they heat renders them to be the same as Beta.
My friend Kathyn co-write chapter and 11 with me. She doesn't have an AO3 account so I am credit her here
He should felt awful for hiding he was bonded to Captain America from Pepper, but he wasn’t. Everyone was so convinced that meeting your soul-mate was the best thing that could ever happen to you that he couldn’t risk Pepper ever knowing about this.
Tony is very happy with his relationship with Pepper when Captain America appear and along with it many emotional baggage he had bury inside
Steve opened the door to his room.
"We were raised together, played together, we fought together. Do you remember none of that?" Thor asked a little hurt.
"Is everything a joke to you?" Steve was working out quite a temper and had to refrain from growling at Tony's attitude. He glared instead. If Tony cared to spare him a second glance, he would notice the scarily calm yet angry expression he wore.
Anthony grabbed Steven’s shoulders and pushed him onto his back. His hands-on each side of Steven’s head while his piercing eyes pinned on the Alpha with predatory intent. He could smelt Steven’s desperate arousal. For a moment he forgot what he needed to do and took a deep intake of his next breath- a breath he held as if savoring a scent so rare and delightful, he refused to exhale. Moments later he remembered and had to stop himself from sighed with contentment and opted to look smug instead.
“I once thought you were different. I believed that good old Captain America cared about who people were, not what they were. But hey, a 1940 Alpha’s a 1940 Alpha.” His voice was colder than the winter’s ice.
The rotors were spinning too fast and he wouldn’t be able to escape the engine blades if this continued. “Cap, need a lever!” Tony shouted through the HUD.
He could felt Phil’s gaze on him too as if to gauge his reaction to Rogers' presence nearby.
They both fought with their fists again. Tony swung and missed. Thor overpowered Tony, punched his back and almost knock the human to his knees. He lifted Tony off his feet, swung him up and slammed him down into the dirt. Thor kept beating on him as he was down, pummelled him hard.
That was… the most beautiful words anyone ever said to him. Before he realized it, he was kissing Steven like a magnet springing to steel, irresistible and natural as the tide. Their tongues met and mated in a dance. As deep as bones, as ingrained as blood, as essential as breath- all needs and all desires were ultimately only one. Steven the romantic and gentle soul who was the center of his world. He was the lover Anthony thought he never deserved.
Steve’s stricken face was the color of mist. He was suddenly aware of his heart beating really fast, and all he could think to say was, “Howard.”
He felt like he had been struck by thunder at the sight of the devilishly handsome man in the photo. Tony was tanned and had a strong jaw, pouty red lips. His dark eyes stand out against his high cheekbones, a smirk lighting up his face. He was gorgeous!
Beta by: Virgilia Coriolanus
He believed Rogers would start showing him his superiority and try beating him into submission.
As if the universe finally gave Steve a break, the Avengers were given a leave of absence after Thor took Loki back to Asgard.
“Okay. Soulbound isn’t eternal happiness but Tony, our… my feeling is real. I know you felt that. Our soul had touched twice. It is not some bond induce feeling. The way I feel, it can't be a new thing. It feels so familiar, like I'm used to it, watching you and--and feeling this way, and wanting to be with you. I know it's not. And I know deep down you know too. You are just afraid. What are you so afraid of Tony?"
The empty vacuum of space enclosed around him, dark and blindingly bright. Tony kept soaring through the darkness with the missile. His display-screen flickered with the failed call to Pepper. “Sir.” The AI stuttered sounded so grave and faded away as he continued flying with the nuke further and further into the abyss.
Fury turned grim. “Howard Stark died 11 years ago.”
Goddamn it, she refused to die like this, sweating and bleeding and screaming while her husband drank martini.  She opened her eyes to reveal an instinctual determination. She tilted her head for a moment as if gathering all her strength. It’s clear by the way the every muscle in her body tensed that she’s pushing and she didn’t let up for a long while.
It’s only when Thor let out an exultant cry and Natasha huffed a laugh that Steve turned around and looked back up and suddenly saw a little human-like figure fell rapidly from the heavens. Oxygen once again rushed into him. He couldn’t help but gasped and broke into a smile. “Son of a gun!” Tears of relief spilled over, wetted his cheeks.
A very tall, gorgeous, burly, naked man that…‘Steve,’ a voice inside of him supplied. Oh God! NO. Not again!
A moment later, Tony could hear Hill's voice reporting through Steve's comm that engine three's turbine was out and somebody's got to get inside the engine and patch it, if one more engine went out, they'd be in free-fall.
“He was such a great man that he continued to sell weapons after the war and used the motto peace was having a bigger stick than the other man to justify every blood in his hand. Never mind that there was always a better way to protect and preserve our peace.” Tony spat. He was so stupid to buy Howard motto for years, made weapons because he truly believes he was helping peace. Now he knew better and made better armor for the American soldier and revolutionized prosthetic limbs instead of weapons of mass destruction. But it was too late for millions of innocent that died because of his foolishness. He was a far worse monster than Howard Stark ever was!
The final stitches had been sewn shut. After days of angry words bubbled low in his throat like something hot and acidic caught behind his teeth every time he was in the same vicinity with his dad, it gave him the best of feeling to finally gave Howard a piece of his mind before he left the Stark’s mansion for good. Took away any control his dad had over him and ended the little cycle of misery Howard had put him through. He prided himself on not repeating Maria’s mistake of being too dependent on Howard and too pathetic to break free.
“No.” A single syllable crusted with ice around the edges. “I don't think so, Captain; you're not getting anything from me." And watched some of the joy in Rogers' face seeped out. “You see, I am not interested in a relic especially if it is my father’s hand me down.”
But I see him as liking beta in general because well, Jarvis and Happy is a beta and unlike other Omega, Bruce won’t see Tony as competition nor will he try to dominate him like some Alpha does in Tony’s past. So Tony has a liking for Beta and Bruce being mid-level Beta like Jarvis and an awesome scientist to boot make him like him instantly much to Steve displeasure
