“Yes, John get in there,” growled John, he grabbed the bottle of lube with his free hand and tapped it against John’s hand. “Get me ready for your big, fat cock,” he said as he let got of John’s head.
“Eight Seconds. Sherlock, you were having another from what I can observe absence seizure,” said John.
After a long day, Sherlock and John have some conversations while getting Rosie ready for the night, and one thing leads to another.
Sherlock snaps back and sees everyone looking at him. John stops the stop watch. 20 seconds, John sighed, that was a long one.
“John, I can’t seem to find my pants or my trousers,” said Sherlock, bursting out into a greater wave of laughter.
William always had a feeling of being different all his life, he had two dads instead of a mum and a dad. To top it off no one talked about his mum, so he couldn’t even try to be sad when he talked to other kids with no mums tried to talk with him. He tried to poke around on the topic in all the places his dads store information and from what he could find, he decided he didn’t really want to know much about her. He also never found himself fitting into the categories that the teachers tried to impose of him and his peers.
John had the breath knocked out of him, "I am fine with that, but I might not be too okay with the jumping on my chest." Bosco rested on his stomach.
Mycroft sighed, "okay, just tell me when you are able to come for the evaluation, and we arrange the proper arrangements."
“Good,” Said John, he slowly moved his foot up and down Sherlock’s length. Amused at the deep breaths Sherlock was taking.
Sherlock shifted his weight to his knees and held his hands behind his head. He looked up at John and opened his mouth, he even stuck out his tongue a little bit.
"Mycroft I know we can't change the past but we can change how we are now. And I hope you can try and let us attempt a change," pleaded Violet. She reached out to try and gently pat Mycroft on his shoulder but he maneuver out of the way quite vehemently, and Violet quickly withdrew her hand.
“John dear! That is as clean as it is going to get with that boy,” called up Mrs. Hudson. “You’re just going to have to train him to be better.”
Inspired by this post:https://kitten-kin.tumblr.com/post/611941863583350784/simplyclockwork-ithinkthereforiamfandom
John rather enjoyed the amount of effort Sherlock was putting into following his orders. He enjoyed the sounds he was pulling out of Sherlock and was amused at just how open Sherlock was to following his every order. He suddenly felt a sharp pain in his shoulder, luckily Sherlock was facing away from him, so he could play off the pain without making Sherlock notice. He leaned over Sherlock and hooked his arms around Sherlock’s waist and did a quick rollover so that he was comfortably on his back.
“So far I am getting emotional stress, but yeah one could make the argument that Mycroft is a trigger, but it has happened with me and folks we have come by since we have started to keep track of this,” said John with a bit of a frown. He wrote down the record of the seizure on a piece of paper from his pocket.
“You are obviously a man medically discharged by the army, the way you carry yourself, screams military, probably Army since your hands make me think you are also a doctor,” said Sherlock with a shrug. “You were obviously bored enough to get dragged to a place like this despite it probably not being your kind of place. The people who brought you here also abandoned you to the point that you found yourself alone enough to do what we just did. So you probably don’t feel comfortable relying on any of those folks to actually help you. But you have your army pension and you want to stop stay in London, and I got a landlady who owes me favor. We are obviously sexually compatible, you managed to make me be surprised with myself. So just consider it, check out the place with me, I’m sure you won’t regret it. You don’t need to make any promises, just come and check out the apartment, 221 B Baker St. Tomorrow Evening 7 o’clock. Well if you excuse me, I have to go get a drink of water, before I get a hangover.” Sherlock got up and walked toward the entrance back to the rave with a smile a slight spring in his step because the uncontrollable boredom was gone, and after his trip to the country side, he knew to appreciate those moments. He hoped that John would appear tomorrow, hoping wasn’t really a thing he did but in moments like this, hope may be a good thing.
William knew he had to find something else. He spent weeks looking for a new name, and eventually settled on a name that he felt attached to. He knew his Papa was a consulting detective and lived a dangerous life. He also knew his Dad was protective of Papa, but really the family as a whole. He felt that being a protector would be a good thing to be no matter what. So he looked up names that meant protector or defender, and he found it, “William”. He told his dads about the name, and dad smiled. William braced himself for a pun, but it didn’t come.
Crystal laughed, “I am not about to let Mr. Jim thinking we can pay for shit, I got to milk his Fi-Dom fetish for all it is worth. Also I need to get back to the program, can you make sure to hand over to Dr. Nguyen and Dr. Royce all the info needed to update everyone’s med orders. Also can you look into seeing if we can get more info on EMDR, one of the clients saw a youtube video and now they all want to try it. Ooh and also we are due for another room sweep and to kick the asses of the guys down at Amoeba because yet again the clients all managed to get another copy of ‘Requiem for a Dream’ and "one flew over the cuckoo's nest" and we all know how annoying they all get after that film airs.”
Aithne looked at the table around her during the usually Saturday family dinner, it was one of the weekends where their dad, Hiram, was in town, he was only an hour away by plane, but he didn’t feel the need to make the trip more than once a month, he just liked being in their lives, he was willing to give them as much affection as they were willing to receive from him.
“Oh fuck it, Mrs, Hudson, it’s just too much. I am bored and we both know we won’t keep this up, I might as well give him realistic expectations.” Exclaimed Sherlock.
“Mmmm... but is the mystery the only thing,” Said Jeanine as she dries off a couple of glasses with a bar cloth.
"Of course I did, they are my responsibility aren't they? Do you know what that is like? No you didn't because what the hell were you up to that day? Oh kids should be free to go out in nature it isn't too bad because it's all our property. Then why didn't you know about the well! Mycroft can you watch your siblings and make sure nothing happens to them, remember Sherlock's friend is coming over today. I read a damn book while they decide to play hide and go seek, and next thing I know, we had a missing child on our hands. I knew something had to be wrong that day because since when did Eurus ever want to play hide and go seek, she always only wanted to play airplane. Why did we even spend all that time alone anyways? Everything that has happened is because of that day! Why didn't you ever see anything wrong you just always chalked things up as a genius' eccentricities? You knew people were suggesting we take Eurus to get checked out since the day she tried to cut her arm open and the day she sent Sherlock to the hospital because she thought she was tickling him but rather she was scratching him to the point of bleeding." Mycroft sighed, took a sip of tea, and inhaled a deep breath. "The only reason I watch those two so closely is because the day I didn't was the day that changed everything." Mycroft was upset and trying not to show it, but he wasn't too happy about his blow up, he couldn't even get the thoughts out completely in a dignified manner. He took a sip of tea.
"Yes fortunately it was only the two of us but the ridiculous thing is, we are the ones who spend the most time with you, and Anthea and Dandy seems to be names that people would have the harder time with," replied Andrea as she gestured for him to follow her up the stairs.
This post inspired the story was this ficlet by Kitten-Kin: https://kitten-kin.tumblr.com/post/190921293249/if-you-havent-already-done-55-then-can-you
“Sherlock, I don’t usually tell people what to do, but heads up you got eight drinks in you, which is usually your number. So keep that in mind, I’m not giving you another alcoholic drink for another 2 hours, so don’t yell at me later if all I give you is soda for the next two hours,” Said Jeanine as she grabbed Sherlock’s arm and added eight tally marks. She filled a glass full of water and shoved it into Sherlock’s hand.
There stood a man in an extremely expensive suit and holding up his iPhone, a flash goes off, "heh I called it, the rest of the blokes are going to get a real good laugh out of this. You and your doctor got a baby and a dog, seriously the whole bag."
“Na-ah,” snapped one of the teens. He brought his computer over and showed Andrea the screen. The scoring system had computer capabilities, and it showed that Ella did indeed strike one second faster than Mycroft.
“Are you with this little short, pudgy nugget of a man?” Said the man, flexing his muscles as he talked, in a rather ridiculous postering kind of way. “William, baby you can get so much more than him, he looks more grandpa than Daddy, and a good leather boy like you can really do better than some grandpa in a Maskulo get up. I mean if you want a leather Daddy at least get you one in really good leather,” added the man as he stroked at his bar vest.
Sherlock's parents waited by the door, John and Sherlock got up with Sherlock carrying Rosie and met them at the door. "Would it be okay to hug all of you before we leave?" Asked Violet.
This was the first time John “agreed” to cut Sherlock the way he wanted to cut him. The thing was all parties involved that ultimately thought that it would cause more harm than good. But Irene guided John through a way of giving Sherlock that sensation without causing the damage, it actually would.
Sherlock lowered his hands and raised his head, I like when he hugs me. I like when we hold hands. I like when we share a bed. I like when he rests his head on my shoulder when we are sitting, I like putting my head on his head when he does that. I like when how he doesn't just do those things, I like how he makes me feel like I have a choice before any of those things happen."
John smiled at him and huffed, "well looks like we are getting a dog."  They entered the kennel area.
“Well I could but I do need to establish that I mean business,” replied Mycroft, pulling out a handkerchief and holding it to his face. “And please don’t call me Mikey.”
John tried not to thrust even though Sherlock’s mouth was rather enticing and warm. He held himself still as he possibly could despite Sherlock lapping enthusiastically at his sensitive tip. John let out a low moan, he knew better than to wake Sherlock up when he was like this because sleep was such a rarity for Sherlock. But his self control was quickly put to the rest as Sherlock started to bob his head in a way that John found absolutely hard to resist. It wasn’t enough though, because Sherlock just wasn’t taking enough of his cock in. John gently started to tug on Sherlock’s hair to keep him still, but still Sherlock persisted on getting as much cock as possible in him. John just had to admire the effort; but he found himself longing to have Sherlock awake for this. John always loved the way Sherlock looked at him as he came, Sherlock always looked so proud at doing that, and he thought people really didn’t praise him enough when he was younger. Which is probably why he was so eager to please and show off. But suddenly he felt Sherlock push forward to suck down even more of his cock. John tightened his grip to pin Sherlock in place. He wanted to remind Sherlock he was the one in control at this moment but it was a losing battle, Sherlock kept pushing to take in even more of John’s cock and it was as if nothing was going to stop him.
came in with a cake, she walked directly into the kitchen hardly taking a glance at John and Sherlock, “oh I knew you boys would get there eventually, you could’ve told me, you know. I had to hear it from Ms Turner who said her married ones saw it trending on Twitter. Oh I hope you’ll be married ones as well someday, because her married ones are having a hard time getting a child, but oh you are already a nice little family, maybe have a second one. I mean imagine a sweet little child with Sherlock’s looks and smarts and John with all... um the things Sherlock loves about you.” Mrs. Hudson went to a shelf and pulled out plates to serve the cake.
The dildo detached from the mirror and with the long dildo sliding out Sherlock’s throat. “OH G-D JOHN FILL ALL MY FUCKING HOLES DAMN IT!” exclaimed Sherlock. Sherlock threw himself against John, causing John to fall over with Sherlock still in his lap. Sherlock was fully impaled on John, “Aw Fuck JOHN!”
Sherlock continued, "I mean at first made it easier to lash out at folks that I just couldn't reach, but it also made it easier to get out the other thoughts I thought I couldn't say out loud because I feared that it would ruin what john and I have. Ultimately I kept all the positive letters and burned all the angry ones."
John turned bright red and ran up to Sherlock only to tackle him to the ground. He clamped a hand firmly over Sherlock’s mouth with he buried his other hand into Sherlock’s hair. “A good flat mate needs to follow rules, and what was one of the rules of this place that I stated?”
John finally stopped laughing and he picked up a frozen training knife. He knew the knife would cut Sherlock but Sherlock didn’t know it. He dragged the edge of the knife up and down his body. Finding Sherlock’s movements to be really fascinating because he was really responsive to the touch. John picked up a training knife that was in the hot water. And this time when he did the initial drag he pushed a little harder and the hot water ran down the blade. Almost on the same pattern as one would bleed from a wound and that made Sherlock practically jolt off the table. John smiled, as he dragged the hot blade up and down Sherlock’s body. He found Sherlock’s writhing to be absolutely fascinating. Sherlock’s cock was absolutely dripping, and the writhing of his body caused drops of pre-cum to fly. John forced the idea of having to clean it out of his mind temporarily. He continued dragging the training blades of different temperatures up and down Sherlock’s body in hopes that the sensory deprivation and the rapid temperatures changes would confuse Sherlock’s brain into thinking John was messing around with something significantly more dangerous.
“So Francis told me I needed to make sure she didn't get to the church, but she fucking tasered me,” said Joey. “And well the cops came by and took me away because they just assumed I tried to attack her henceforth the taser.”
John pulled Sherlock to the bed and pushed him down, he stood over Sherlock and paused for a moment really looking at Sherlock, he found his eyes to be incredibly interesting, and he looked awfully young, but given what he knew so far, he couldn’t possibly be too young. He grabbed Sherlock’s ankle and rotated him until Sherlock’s head was hanging off the edge of the bed. He was amused at when Sherlock just let his mouth fall open, he could see that Sherlock was reaching for the condom keeper on his belt. But John wasn’t hard enough yet. He dropped his trousers and started rubbing his underwear covered cock against Sherlock’s face, and he moaned as Sherlock started sucking at his balls the fabric. He could feel the blood rushing to his cock, and he was rapidly hardening and when he was ready for the condom. He opened the condom and held it over the tip of his cock as he slowly thrusted into Sherlock’s waiting mouth.
There is a small amount exchange of homophobia, but don't worry nothing too bad happens. Just skip the parts between the line doing this thing *~*~*~*~*~*. Also body dysphoria happens a bit too, but skipping it will mean skipping some important bits.
"Oh don't you worry a some of it went to petrol and traffic tickets for the Ashton Martin too," said Mrs. Hudson with a smile.
Sherlock leaned back into John's embrace. "But seriously John it was a good day, and thanks for putting up with the antics of my family."
“Did I leak any private info? Was I judgey in front of the client? No not at all, I think we are fine,” said Mike with a shrug of his shoulders.
Ella smirked as she jumped up and lunged at Mycroft, he was slightly taken off by the fact that she struck from above. But he parried the attack away from him, Ella stepped back slightly and made a slight roll towards Mycroft back only to swiftly rotate again in front of Mycroft. She tapped him with her foil, but the contact didn’t strike they were dangerously locked into each other in a way that it was impossible for either of them to successfully strike. They pushed off each other at the same time. And a flash of green and red light appeared.
“You know you two are actually quite good, I wouldn’t mind having either of you in a ministry office some day,” said Mycroft, “no one has ever caught me off guard before.”
Sherlock laughed, "well I don't have anyone who might be convenient for entertainment at a kid's party."
“Okay boy, do you have a name? Or does the nameless thing do it for you?” Said the older man as he ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
“Speaking for blast from the past, dad, did you know Aithne is going to visit- Ouch who fucking kicked me?” Interrupted Blaze with a fast pressured speech his reaction greatly surpassing the cause. He bounced in his seat, his hands flapped slightly before he pressed his hands to the tables and he took a deep breath. He twitched as he rubbed one hand over his ridiculously bright purple velvet smoking jacket. He had his brown hair in an undercut that was shaved on the left side, the opposite side from his twin. They always though it funny to do a bit of a mirroring effect when it came to haircuts. They both shared the effect of hemochromatosis but again the eye color was mirrored his left eye was brown while his right eye was green. They weren’t identical twins, but as young children everyone thought they were. But they weren't identical twins because while Aithne has CIPA, a genetic defect affecting one’s ability to feel pain and regulate body temperature, he did not. They were the same height, similar build but he was a bit more squared than her, she was soft. Occasionally they even wore complimentary outfits to meetings because it threw off people when it came to concentration.
Sherlock started laughing, "I am the wild card in it all, I knew I was included in their stupid pool, and the fact is if the pool get's 15 years old, the last remain betting factor gets all the money, so either I submit my results and win a good chunk of the money, or I hold out till June and I win the entire pot."
“Ta,” Replied John as he nodded in Molly’s direction. He picked up a breakfast sausage with his fingers and held it up to Sherlock’s mouth as he did a cheesy eye brow waggle.
Sherlock smiled, and grabbed the older man’s hand and lead him away from the main dance floor. They passed Irene, Kate, and Jeanine who were standing at the bar.  Irene winked and Kate shot a thumbs up in their direction. Jeanine did that look she did that Sherlock knew as her “I am remembering this guy just in case Sherlock goes missing,” face.  Sherlock shook his head as he guided the older man through the crowded hallway and up a stairwell and door. The night air hit both Sherlock and bearded man smiled at Sherlock as they stepped out on to the roof.
Sherlock groaned, "okay I see your point, but is there anyway I can at least get to the point that I can try to approach sharing that kind of contact with John, because I really, really want to."
Sherlock moaned, and thrusted upwards, he grabbed the John by the straps of his harness, he held John tight to him and he kept grinding into John’s own growing erection.
Yeah also turns out that the UK doesn't allow service dogs for PTSD, but it is currently under evaluation. Welp... I guess, I think I added some adjustments that allows for the Toby to still stay with 221B.
Mycroft laughed, "ooh an apology and being told I was right, well this makes up for you always forgetting my birthday."
"Why do you talk so much?" Snapped Mycroft, "it is rather annoying, you keep going and going. Do you ever take a breath? Do you ever shut up?"
just needs to sit with her thoughts and process it for a bit. I wouldn’t interrupt her at the moment.” She frowned as
Dr. Aithne Hunter was sitting at her desk, knowing full well that she was only supposed to work a half day, but she didn't feel like leaving the office. She just returned from Brunch with her twin brother, and the man did that annoying thing where he inisited on joining her on endeavors that could possible get them in trouble. Plus he was doing that annoying overshare thing he does before he gets on the manic side of things, which was rarely fun on the business end of family life because the man had a habit of being really generous in donations. Which while didn't hurt those he helped, and he did meet his promises, he rarely thought about how their brothers would feel about it, but again he was the face of the company, so his brothers really couldn't argue with him. And 99% of the time his wild ideas did turn a profit or give an insane amount of positive attention that their stock rate rise made up for any potential loss of income. Her twin was an odd man, but quite frankly she felt that they were an odd family to begin with. Her private phone rang, "hello Mycroft, what can I do for you?"
Sherlock nodded, "yes at first, but I reminded them that banning a service animal is illegal, and that I already had his cab number. And Toby was perfectly able to fit in and nobody noticed her."
“But your mother is really holding onto the other funds. I mean I am offering her a house and leaving her funds alone, but our shared accounts is proving ridiculous. I am almost tempted to bring in lawyers, but I have seen too many divorce proceedings where the people who truly win it all have been the lawyers,” said Hiram with a slight shrug. “Oh Aithne, you know who I bumped into while trying to chase after your mother?”
Solomon smiled, "okay here comes Toby!" He whistled twice and pressed the clicker. Toby placed his two front paws on the table and pawed at John's chest while licking his cheek.
John was temporarily distracted by the motions of Sherlock’s adam’s Apple as he drank. His cock was still rather hard, and given that he already came for the night he obviously was going to be able to play just a bit longer. He leaned forward and licked some of the water dripping down Sherlock’s long neck, he wasn’t quite sure are this point what was water and what was sweat, but. He noticed what Sherlock was doing, and he helped remove the rest of Sherlock’s clothes. He stepped out of his trousers and pants, and when Sherlock made an attempt to remove his shirt, he quickly grabbed Sherlock’s hand, “don’t touch your captain without permission.
Sherlock turned away awkwardly, the words spoken were a bit confusing for him, he always felt like he didn’t need anyone because other people were boring but John was here making him consider giving people another chance. He suddenly felt John pull his hand away.
He chuckled against Sherlock’s mouth and took a more active role in the kissing, he swept his tongue against Sherlock’s who took a sharp breath, when it first happened, but Sherlock enjoyed it, so Sherlock tried it as well timing it with grinding further into John’s crotch. John who was now sporting an incredibly hard cock, was enjoying Sherlock’s efforts. He wished for more, but at the same time he enjoyed everything given to him so far. Sherlock grabbed John’s hands and laid them on his hips, John grabbed on this hips and held Sherlock firmly in his lap, John started thrusting his trouser covered erection against Sherlock’s fully clothed ass. He didn’t do something like this in years, and it made him feel young, but Sherlock wasn’t exactly stopping him. He felt the pressure building up, and soon he was quickly approaching orgasm. He was moaning against Sherlock’s mouth, Sherlock was still sloppily kissing John, but now meeting John’s thrusts which made John moan even more. Suddenly Sherlock tightly gripped John’s hair pulling his head back, and revealing John neck. Sherlock pulled away from the kiss and buried his face into John’s neck, changing between gentle kisses and playful nips, with occasional long strokes with his tongue. John felt even more pressure building up and he was now on the very edge of an orgasm. Sherlock suddenly pulled back, John was absolutely breathless and missing the contact, when just as suddenly as sherlock pulled off, Sherlock delivered a sharp bite into the part of the neck where it meets the shoulder, John moaned and thrashed as he felt his orgasm hit him. John opened his eyes and caught his breath, and saw Sherlock looking down at him with a look on his face as if he was absolutely satisfied with himself.
Sherlock sat up and closed his eyes while tilting his head from side to side to figure out the source of the sound. “It sounds like some phones on vibrate, it is coming from the hall way and I think your phone maybe even closer.”
John watched as William struggled with ways to repair one of his favorite toys, and that endeavor was threatening to take over the whole kitchen. It was a bit older, most certainly older than William, but Harry gave it to William the first time they met, it was steel pullback car model of an Aston Martin DB5, it was amusing because Harry picked it because it looked just like the car he had as a small kid but it got destroyed by his dad during one of his rage attacks. Harry also assumed that John was not going to have any delay in showing William some Bond Films. It was seen as a bit of any unusual choice at the time but now it fit William perfectly. John knew William was the kind of kid who liked to repair things and if not that, take them apart to make them something new, so he gave William his space to struggle. He was always fond of how much he has repaired his honey bee stuffy after all this time and he knew Sherlock appreciated it too, since it was a gift from him after all.
John nodded, "yeah I probably should head back too. Also Paul, don't be afraid to call me, I mean we all got each other's numbers."
“I don’t know Sherlock, you do have a way of really taking control of a situation,”Said John with a slight shrug of his shoulders.  He opened his newspaper to hide the fact that he was feeling slight rush of blood to his face. He wasn’t quite sure why he was blushing, but at least the blood wasn’t rushing to a slightly more complicated to explain area.
"Don't worry I can always keep a secret," replied Mycroft, he opened the door of the car and went into his house.
Sherlock nodded and pulled his wallet out and tossed a small wad of bills down and hopped out of the bench and made quick exit through the side door.
Solomon smiled, "okay that's great, now let's try Bopper." He whistled three times and pressed the clicker. Bopper ran up to the table and put his front paws and full weight on John's shoulder.
“Wait brother? Are we talking that ginger who follows with the judgey look? Like are we talking actual brother here?” Asked Grayson, another volunteer, “because a lot of us were thinking over bearing sugar daddy, I mean some of the others think the ginger is his super concerned autism support worker but like you can see where the confusion came from.”
John turned to see what Sherlock was reaching for, he saw the the keychain and opened it, retrieving the condom packet inside of it. John smirked, “nice to see you are prepared.” He squished the foil to check for the bubble, and when it proved still usable, he opened it, and held over the tip of his cock. “Well boy get to work.”
Sherlock handed out pens and paper to everyone, "also help yourself to tea and pastries, we actually went to the shops for it. I would hate for our effort to be for nothing."
Francis wished he could’ve gone in on a special visa for armed forces specialists, but given that he was honorably discharged that was no longer an option. And given that his siblings were all current green card holders due to the investors visa, or there on education visas and extraordinary academic visas, but he did not fit any of the categories for entry with any of his siblings visas. So he was looking at a 14 year wait.  He currently was able to stay was because of a student visa and school was not his strong point, and he was also concerned the fact that he was disabled would only make it harder to get granted a visa.  There was a bit of a long shot with a couple of friends at different federal branches of his siblings. And he had some friends in the US Department of Defense trying to see if there was still a way to weasel him in using the armed forces specialist visa.  But no guarantees were made and that gray area was scary. They always had the intention of marriage but they also knew that federal inclusion of marriage equality was always a bit shaky. Also given the current political climate he was paranoid about being able to get back into US after leaving for Britain. He just knew he was anxious and didn’t want to do anything to jeopardize his current way of life. He smiled at Joey as they both listened this his family’s input on the inspiration boards.
“He was... interesting. I mean my mind sees that there is enough data points but I can’t put them together immediately and I haven’t been able to do that in a while. I need more info,” Replied Sherlock.
Sherlock was surprised by the sudden jab to the face and slightly dazed, he awkwardly slumped to the ground. He was dizzy but he was still able to move. He saw John throwing a few punches at the intruder until the person passed out.
John nodded and said, "thank you anyways." He went upstairs and opened the door to see Sherlock playing with Rosie and Toby rolling a ball between the three of them, while his parents looked at him proudly. John smiled, "hey Sherlock I'm back, sorry for leaving like that. How is Rosie?”
Violet took a deep breath, "Mycroft, I know it is hard to give up control, but you have to admit this is not normal. And while it may have been our normal for quite sometime, things can change. Not all change has to be scary and bad. Sometimes change can be good. Maybe we can take John's invite, and have this conversation as a family."
Sherlock opened the door, and before crossing the threshold he kissed John one more time before he started tugging John through the door way, and slamming the door shut. He dragged John up the stairs, almost as if he was afraid that John was going to run off, but nothing was going to stop John from this moment. He shoved John down on the couch and immediately straddled, John’s lap, and proceeded to kiss him in a fairly intense, almost sloppy manner. Sherlock wasn’t exactly sure where to place his hands, he just wanted to jump into the deep end of this. He didn’t really care that he wasn’t exactly sure what he was doing and that he was probably a touch bit too old to be completely unsure of what he was doing. Yet he knew that he wanted to make it good for John.
He handed Sherlock a keychain, "so basically the orange one is the clicker, you use this to reinforce good behavior there are some commands that you can say after the click but ultimately use the click only for good behavior. The red one is the buzzer, that is for bad behavior, I tend to use whistle as a way of catching their attention, but over time you'll find what works."
“Yeah Wolf, I think this is more of an issue for Daddy to handle and not Dad,” said Hiram as he laughed.
“Let’s be real the Captain is packing some real heat down there, I mean with those arms and thighs I bet he can really take you for one hell of a ride,” said Greyson.
“I know, I know, but you know what happened to Carlos right?” Joey shrugged, “I mean like check this out. The mother of his ‘see I told you I wasn’t gay’ baby, emptied out his bank account of his enlistment bonus, and ran off with her new boyfriend, while abandoning the baby to the foster system without him being notified and you know given that his only sibling died as a child, he knew his parents would’ve adored taking care of his son, because he felt the while they were homophobic and made him feel very trapped he figure they weren't going to be as bad as the foster system in Central Valley. But yeah the only reason he even found out was when they sent him back after the IED that shattered his skull and that whole frontal lob brain injury, he asked to see his kid, and they couldn’t find him.  I’m pretty sure Carlos and Jamie won’t be too weirded out by each other’s shit. Also Carlos always looked like he was ready to pounce Jamie, and knowing his situation, I am pretty sure he is still down. I mean he’s in Fresno, spends most of his time with his son working on whatever new backyard farm experiments he comes up with. Otherwise judging by how active his grindr is every time I am in Fresno, I am guessing he is still on the prowl.” Joey paused when he noticed the rest of the family staring at him, “oh no, i’m only on Grindr when I am in Fresno because I like to make fun of people who are obviously on Grindr while being all homophobic in public, that’s why I always wear my veteran hat and shorts, when i’m there because when those guys start fights with me it just looks bad,” he chuckled.
“You’re going to have to fight me for it,” said John with a cheeky and a wink. He promptly made a run for the bedroom door, as Sherlock chased after him.
Sherlock continued laughing, “it’s okay the mums at the playground are already judging us, apparently I am too much and too little at the exact same time, they never specify what thought. But just wait and see once little Watson goes to school, I'll have a whole set of skills that will make all the chatty mums' kids jealous of little Watson." Sherlock smiled and tossed some rubber toys into the tub, and showed Rosie how to fill the toys with water so as to spray away the bathtub paint, which came off the wall with no trouble.
Sherlock took a few breaths, he wondered about which option he liked more. He tried to think about what would make John more happy. Initially he thought maybe he should just mess up and wiggle just so that he can get all his holes used while also setting the bar low at the first time so that when he did behave it would seem to be an improvement. He then thought that he should just assume that John means what he says and that staying still would make him happy. He thought about this, when suddenly he felt a sharp slap that centered on the the spot that John just relieved the pressure from. “TWELVE! Thank you, Captain!” His eyes watered, he felt a few tears escape, he really didn’t want the tears to escape because he was trying his best to be good for John, but they just came out.
“Would you read it? Or would it just take out a lot of the thrills out of one’s life?” Said Sherlock, he closed his eyes and leaned back.
John stopped in his tracks as Sherlock blocked his way, “trust me it is better off if I just leave right now.” He tried to sidestep Sherlock.
“No, Sherlock this is about you,” Replied John as he stroked his fingers though Sherlock’s hair. “Do you want me to list off some options for what we can do?”
John stood in the middle of the kitchen, he felt a thrill vibrate through him, he shook himself out. This past 12 hours he felt more than he had the past 6 months since returning to London. He looked through his bag and decided against using Another impact toys. But he decided to change, he noticed that Sherlock was very enthusiastic when he called himself “Captain” so maybe he would love to see John in his uniform. He was going to save the formal uniform for a special occasion but he still had a casual set somewhere in his bag. He changed and made sure to have his dog tags showing, he even changed into a pair of boots. He checked himself in the mirror of the sitting room. He smiled, he could do this.
One of the other teens added, “I’m sure it is a big deal if you wanted to duel in the middle of the fucking night, but going to church on sundays is the only thing that stops our grandparents from driving our parents up the wall and when they go up the wall, they take us all with them and I for one would like a good summer for once.”
Sherlock nodded, and got off the bed, he walked around it, all while just poking, prodding, sniffing, and licking John. He murmured off his little observations about John and tried to take a guess at the origin of different marks on his body and John told him if his guess was correct or not.
Sherlock nodded, and he playfully licked at John’s hand, John quickly moved his hand. “I got that out of my system, I promise I’m going to be good,” Said Sherlock with a rather cheeky wink.
Sherlock opened the door, and Toby got up and gently padded out. And the rest of them followed. Sherlock noticed his phone which was full of texts messages from Kayla.
Sherlock smiled, "sometimes but I do have a trust fund that helps patch things up quite nicely, ultimately I have found the barter system has worked for me and ultimately it opens up a route for people who can't afford an investigator a chance. But really the barter system has been good to me." He gestured at Mrs Hudson.
John was tangled up with Bosco and Bopper. He turns around and notices Sherlock on the bench and his phone on the floor. He deduced that Sherlock had another one of his moments of uncontrolled visit to his mind palace again. He picked up the phone he caught a bit and pieces of Mycroft threatening Sherlock with more surveillance and even mentioning that he had video of him with his ex-girlfriends. John shuddered at the thought. "Ha, looks like we know which one we are taking home," said John. He picked the phone off the ground and said "Hey Mycroft, it's me John, sounds like you are busy, mind if we continuing this call some other time. But thanks for calling Sherlock almost wanted to take all the dogs, but during the call one of them really rose to the occasion. Feel free to come by for tea later, I have some words for you."
Solomon shrugged, "okay to the park."  He pressed the clicker and said "park" and Golem started pulling him up the hill. And with that all the other dogs started following him.
“Well Aithne can I just join you on your trip to U.K., I mean I don’t want to to accompany you to secret psychiatric hospital and I know I won’t be allowed to see the lab, but I am sure I can find something to do,” asked Blaze.
Kayla nodded, "great, my best times are from 9am-noon and 2pm-5pm, I got class at the Royal Veterinary College."
Sherlock smiled and looked up at John, “my name is Sherlock, and quite frankly I wou...mmmmph...” Sherlock was suddenly being viciously kissed by John, he moaned, when suddenly he was yanked back by his hair and pushed backwards. Sherlock gracelessly flopped backwards and bounced against a bit of tin sheeting leaving a ridiculous wub, wub, clang sound. Sherlock rolled on to the ground, John looked like he was about to apologize, the once seen as leery bit of rough, was suddenly looking softer by the minute.  Sherlock found himself caught between loosing interest because he knew soft guys usually lead to highly uneven relationship where expectations that wasn’t discussed suddenly appear or just pushing on because he still found John to be physically appealing. Suddenly Sherlock was being pinned to the ground with John straddling his chest. Sherlock suddenly found himself once again invested in the situation.
“Oh so Harry, she’s a wreck, wait do you think the brother is one of those types who just takes care of people to the point of burn out,” Said Kate. “Because he is about to become over saturated with folks needing help if he gets with Sherlock.”
The police officers approached his car, “license and registration please, also can you tell me why you have a infrared cloaking device on your dashboard? And obviously your car has a different kind of engine than meets the eye. So either you are so fucking wealthy you don’t give a shit or you are some agent having a strop and you fucked up and caught the attention of the police.”
Violet replied, "the second one, but Aithne, has had plenty of experience with getting people reintegrated into society, many of whom are able to live decent, independent lives.  I mean maybe let her have a shot, maybe we can at least get to the point where Eurus can come out for the holidays?"
Kudos and comments are amazing, but hey can you do me a favor and tell me if you learned anything about PrEP that would be awesome. Or leave comments, praise does things to me I am not sure I can comprehend yet, but I know I like it.
“Don’t mess with me, I know Sherlock is up to something,” Said the man. “He is always up to something. So let’s cut this short and have some straight answers.”
"Also let's hold off on your questions because again you only get one open ended one and I want you to make it a good one," chimed in Ella. "Well if you excuse us, Mycroft, we would like to call it a night."
“Why dad, why did you have to do it?” yelled William as he gathered his homework and stomped to complete it in his room.
Siger sighed, "Sherlock didn't play by the rules, but from what I've heard Sherlock keeps making the same mistake. That delete function of his mind is rather dreadful, it amazes me what he deletes. Do you think he thinks it is doing him any good or do you think it distresses him? I do remember him asking but that was so soon after we thought she died."
Solomon shook John's hand, "no problem, it's what we are here for. Have as good of a day as you possibly can, bye!
Hiram stared into a blank spot on the wall, “that's it, you got 200 guests and I am sure you are going to have a giant wedding court, that is a hell of a lot more players to work with for diversion. Joey, Josephine, do you have some teenage cousins or nieces and nephews who are willing to take one for the team?  Using minors can probably lower all the legal ramifications and increase it on her end. I’m not too fond of this situation she hasn’t ever been angry at all of us at once. Usually she just pushes and pull amongst us, so this makes a rather unstable situation I mean even more unstable, I mean yes we all had our reasons for leaving and she sees that abandonment, it has just been hard to get her to consider coming here. And as much as I don’t want to divorce her, it is the only way I can regain full rights to creating trust funds because she refuses to second any of the funds I have been attempting to start.” He took a sip from his wine glass, “as for your father, we’ll cut the mic if he gets terrible, and for the rest of the night I think if we throw enough people to keep him busy he wob’t have a chance to finish what he has to say into a mic. So who wants dessert?”
He looked at the the info booklet for the Maureen Russo House, which was the the facility Aithne was head of. It had a 98% success rate of keeping forensic patients and conserved patients from relapse, the graduates of her program ultimately was able to go back to society to live some kind of life, many of them seemed to have gone on to living in supportive housing or living with friends or family. It looked like the other 2% either committed suicide, got killed by cops, or readmitted to an institution. It certainly looked like a nice house, he laughed when he saw the note "this is not an institution , this is a program where folks have the freedom to have their own schedules and the autonomy to make decisions, the best to their capabilities." How would anyone stop chaos if there was not set schedules? He really didn't like the place. He certainly didn't like that it was in a city with not nearly as much CCTV as he was used to working with. What good is microphones when all it does is give cops the general idea to where gun fire was? He also didn't have much security access privileges for the US as one would think, he wouldn't be able to keep much track of her there. He did not like the idea.
“We never talk about what happened, why did you do it?” asked John, as he followed Sherlock nudges and spread his legs.
“Yeah Mycroft, the oldest, called me for a case, after I fill up the current openings I going to head over to meet with the potential client,” said Aithne with a slight shrug as if trying to show indifference but the barely concealed smile was betraying her.
They walked up the steps to William’s flat when they heard a crash, and what sounded like a sword fight. The teens all started to making their way back when they heard, “Captain John Watson, I declare war on you, surrender the booty and you might be spared.” William sighed, it was just Papa playing around, impromptu sword fights were just part of growing up in Baker Street, just last night him and his dads had a fairly wild match that almost killed a lamp. He motioned for his friends to come back up. They were greeted with a sight that William immediately regret.
“John, a power bottom, a dominant bottom, a man who has sex with man who prefers to be the receptive partner, but absolutely in control,” responded Sherlock stepping really close to John. He grabbed the newspaper from john’s Lap and tossed it aside. “But your rosy complexion and noticeably hard cock tells me, you are more than aware of powerbottoms and you really like the idea.”
“Please what, boy?” Asked John, he pulled some ropes so that his boy was hanging sideways instead of inverted. He pulled Sherlock’s cock out of the sheath and gave it a few rough rugs. “Well what do you want boy?”
Siger quipped, "I am not so sure your brother had a lot of bugs in his apartment as well, but he still managed to get attacked in his apartment and it even got blown up once. So yes I doubt it is completely for our safety."
John laughed a little too loudly for the time of the night, but he kissed Sherlock on the cheek. “Well we both seemed to have missed the fact that all of Ro’s fights started off because of something involving other people’s perception of him and gender.” He pulled Sherlock in even closer, “no one ever expects to have a trans kid so it is probably very easy to not see things like that. But all that matters is that he is getting the support he needs.”
“Well I was dumb enough to tell her in proximity of many ways to attempt to break one’s hand, and you know how I am trying to be a surgeon,” said Athina with clenched fists and a twitch of her jaw.
Sherlock glared at John, “William if you can explain easily available alternative word for will in the next 5 seconds, I will grant it.”
“Six! AH Seeeeven, eighhhT, NINE, ten!” shouted Sherlock, he got tense but slumped forward against John, his cock was twitching and delivering spurt after spurt of cum. He kissed and licked John’s neck occasionally delivering a bite. He felt like he was completely spent but John still didn't let go of his cock. He groaned as John continued to stroke his cock, “eleven, tweeeelve, aaah thirtEEEN, ouch, FOURTEEN, FIFTEEN!” He wanted John to slow down because he felt the continued touch was  ramping the post orgasm high into that weird edge of panic that hits when a good thing won’t stop, because the bad that follows will be just as long. He took a deep breath.
John turned to Rosie. "Okay Rosie, well I have nightmares and my reactions to being woken up from them can be quite scary, luckily you always slept through them, but Sherlock has tried to wake me and my reaction to being woken up scared him and I don't want to scare him anymore. Sherlock needs it too because sometimes he gets too focused on something and can forget about other things or sometimes he pauses, the dog is going to help him move on. That way you both can go out more when it's Sherlock's day to pick you up from daycare."
The woman laughed, “oh honey, if we were talking about the 90’s to early 2000’s when phones were mostly plastic, yes that observation would make sense, because it would take a lot to actually scratch those phones. These days with the fight for lighter and lighter phones, material have changed to metal and glass. Those materials make your phone are easier to scratch. Henceforth what used to be a rather smart observation is no longer applicable.”
headphones and all the books, there was children books next to college texts, he wasn’t sure what that meant about Sherlock, but it certainly made him interesting. He wandered around some more and noticed all the academic awards Sherlock had, and was surprised at some of the ones for the arts because the man was coming off as purely science minded. He then noticed that Sherlock was done, he was on his knees and looking down. “Okay Boy are you ready for your inspection!”
“Are you going to be a good boy for your captain?” Asked John crouching down to Sherlock, running his hands through Sherlock’s hair. He smirked at how Sherlock reacted so enthusiastically about him calling himself “captain” he was going to have to play around with that.
Violet smiled, “Well I am glad you finally found each other, I mean you have been living together longer than many a married and now divorced couple at this point.”
“Oi the man isn’t deducing his way out of this situation I take it that Captain is so good that it knocked him off line for a bit,” quipped Bryson.
Ella shook Mycroft's hand, "it was interesting finally meeting you, and remember you were just a kid yourself when everything happened, it wasn't your fault. It was just a combo of unfortunate stuff all rolled into one. You can't change the past but what has fixating on fixing the past got you. I want you to think about that before we meet again."
"Ella, you pretty much summarized what I thought, but I want you to have fun with this, give me what ever fake life story you want so that I can hand it over to him," said Andrea, smiling at her wife.
Mycroft took two breaths, angrily picked up the phone, it rung twice before getting picked up. "Sherlock you cried to mummy?"
Sherlock smiled and nodded and turned to John, "I want to be better. I've been sober for over two years at this point. I am talking more with siblings, even Eurus is starting to talk it isn't just the violin conversations anymore. I am trying with Mycroft to set some boundaries but that is really hard, l don't think he is willing or even able to stop keeping me under surveillance. I mean Molly and I are having a better friendship, I am trying to be mindful of making it a more equal relationship in terms of the effort going into it. Also I am trying to be a little more thankful for Greg and the rest of his team because I mean helping them in cases tends to keep me from going all into one thing because I guess that is overwhelming. Lord knows when I focus on something it consumes me and if it isn't a case I think all other pursuits might make me seem like someone who exhausting to be around. I mean if it isn't for the cases I think the stuff I would focus on would be Rosie or john or Eurus, i mean right now it seems to be people that hold my interest. And I think that intense focus can lead to people getting bored with me and maybe even looking for an out."
Sherlock had just woken up from an amusing dream where John and him were chasing down some mad scientist. John got hit by a shrink ray making him pocket sized and he had one hell of a time taking care of a pocket sized John. Complete with a moment where him and Rosie dressed him up in doll clothes during the day time. And they even talked about the urban legend sexual act of gerbilling, in that “I’m joking… unless” kind of way, they even developed a plan; which turned to them acquiring the equipment to carry out the plan. And as they were about to execute the plan, John grew to regular size and Sherlock gave him a celebratory blow job. He was glad that they didn’t manage to attempt the act because he was pretty sure there would be no coming back from that dream unscathed; but anyway he woke up with a cock in his mouth mid dreaming of sucking cock. And he was going to keep sucking that cock even if he managed to lose some hair strands in that effort.
William did understand where Uncle Mycroft was coming from, but he really didn’t have time for that. If this problem could be solved by manipulating data on a computer, he’ll take matters into his own hands. He had his own computer, and he remembered that at one of the Trans Youth Program sleepovers, they watched Mr. Robot together (Ryver, one of the girls from the group info dumped excessively about how there were multiple trans women in jail for hacking bank systems, not that they did anything wrong they just wanted to prove that the banks had holes in security that needed to get fixed, but people don’t like being shown errors). It made him think, maybe he could solve this problem on his own. It just may be a little sooner than people think he should be able to solve it. And if he could solve that problem, what other problems could he solve with just some keystrokes.
“So what made you decide to use the coconut oil and not the medical lubricant,” Said Sherlock as he looked at John rather perplexed.
Josephine leaned forward, “so when kids start arriving, will conversations like this still take place in front of them?”
Sherlock took a gasping breath, "I honestly don't see why that matters to you, I feel like I am better functioning because things that were previously beyond my reach is making better sense. I was not a better person because I was shutting out my ability to care. I am a better person now that i am allowing myself to care for other people. I am now able to not have to rely on John to get the human aspect of our cases because I am able to see that part of the case without being clouded by things I am suppressing. Oh hello Toby, why are you barking?"
He shrugged his shoulders before diving in. He did a few broad strokes with his tongue before inserting his tongue into John’s hole. He didn’t really like the texture and it was not a pleasant warmth. His mind started wandering to risk assessments about what kind of possible STIs one could acquire from rimming, he wondered if he had any dental dams to mitigate the risk, he thought of using a condom but he remembered that John didn’t use one when he rimmed Sherlock and maybe... he felt John shifting underneath him.
Sherlock nodded, “That sounds like a good idea.” He put his full weight onto John and ground down on his lap, Sherlock could feel John arousal, and it didn’t bother him, if anything it encouraged him a bit more. He continued grinding into john and started kissing him, starting off with little pecks on the lips, but starting to experiment with longer kisses where he stroked his tongue across John’s lips.
Aithne rolled her eyes at her dad, “I promise I won’t set any fires or maim anyone after seeing Eurus. And I do indeed hope to keep my hair this time, but with undercut it will take a whole lot of effort to loose my hair these days.”
Mycroft frowned, he really didn’t want to know that about his brother, he handed Wiggins a print out from the cctv footage of Sherlock and his... friend.
John firmly grasped Sherlock by the back of his neck and forced him to look down at the site where he got “stabbed”. He got relieved when Sherlock’s breath evened out.
Sherlock flinches slightly, but immediately scoops Rosie in his arms and crouches over as if to shield her from a threat.
"No problem but next time I think you should go with a real duel, that guy obviously needs to be put out of his misery," said the third teen.
“No William, I was so annoyed with being one William out of 20 at family gatherings, that I had to do something about it. So I chose to go by one of my middle names, I am most certainly not a Scott, so I went with Sherlock,” said Papa.
“William prefers to be called Sherlock these, days and speaking Sherlock, where did he go last night, and who is the man who was seen taking him to breakfast this morning?” said Mycroft with the slight muffle caused by the handkerchief.
Please comment I am not quite sure if I might just be going a little too far. Then again I know my Partner and I are also prone to playing in ways that may cause concern for folks.
I may or may not have done what Eurus was doing here at some point to my estranged parents who forgot that I still have a key to the house.
Sherlock nodded in Irene’s direction. He found her and her girlfriend Kate to be okay humans that he could stand more than most people, but he didn’t really feel like they were “fly across the world to visit” level of friendship, mainly because friendship was not a thing he did. He probably would miss them if he found himself capable of missing people, but he didn’t find sentiment to be a useful thing to keep hold of. He continued dancing, but something caught his eye. The older man was walking towards him. Sherlock’s mind kicked into overdrive trying to deduce as much as he could about the man just in case he needed to make a quick get away because he knew he did have a nasty habit of attracting unsavory men, and he didn’t need that tonight. But oh his bearing screams military and his hands from what he could see suggested doctor, and that could for the most part be a pretty safe combo... he thought, well he didn’t care. Oh the older man was less than a meter away. Sherlock decided he might as well pounce. Because he could sense that there was at least three different twinks about to do the same thing and he wasn’t about to turn this into a pissing contest, what was it about the rave scene that tilted the numbers so drastically in the large number of bottoms.
The phone rang twice, "mum if this is you with a new number, you know I am just going to block it like all the others. And really how the fuck did you get this number..." barked out Aithne in a fast pressured voice.
John tightened his grip on Sherlock’s hair and with a light twist, he whispered into Sherlock’s ear, “and what about that rule makes you think you can just announce that to the whole neighborhood.” He nipped lightly at Sherlock’s ear, “if you want to play more, you are going to have to behave and be my good boy.”
"Why does the whole Old Guard society thing bother you? You identify as a woman and  woman aren't allowed to join," Questioned Blaze.
“Oh there you are, now we can really begin,” exclaimed John. As he pulled a couple of packets of lube out of Sherlock’s trousers, he paused, noticing a little brown bottle with a white label, mixed amongst the pocket’s contents. “Hmm so you like poppers?”
“Hello Jeanine,” greeted Irene who was in a short black leather skirt with neon fishnet stockings and a crop top, she also had a large neon rainbow cluster fuck faux fur coat, her whole outfit caught the light in the most amusing way. She had dreamy smile on her face. “And hello Sherlock darling, you are looking rather well, was your trip to the countryside worthwhile.”
turned to the closet and tried to pull out some cleaning supplies only to find everything empty, “shit!” He ran outside, John was shocked to see that Sherlock was running out of his flat with his dick out.
John unzipped his trousers and lifted his considerable package out of his pants. He moved up Sherlock’s body, until his hard cock was just hovering over Sherlock’s face.
Joey continued, “But as far as it goes for people we knew in the service, I definitely agree on inviting Johnny and Jamie, that is a fair assessment. I mean Johnny is definitely a factor as to why both of us are still alive. I can think of maybe four marines who would even be interested in attending. It is probably going to be weird inviting more people from the service because I mean DADT got removed shortly before my last tour, so a lot of the folks I served with still don’t know that I am gay, and it would probably complicate matters for some of the more uptight ones to see that I met my husband in an active war zone.”
John noticed a few droplets of pre-cum all over the floor. “Okay Sherlock, you really did leave quite the mess, with your cum, I really don’t appreciate a messy boy. I think we are going to have to get you a plug.”
Mrs. Hudson nodded, "of course, don't be silly I am always going to be willing to help Sherlock and John. But she better stay out of the basement, it is just a mess.  Nothing living should ever go down there."
Jeanine came up to Sherlock, with two paper cups full of water. “I take it you had a good time,” she said amused at how Sherlock managed each cup with a large gulps not even lowering the cup between gulps. She refilled both cups when he dropped them to the bar top. She raised an eyebrow at Sherlock as they repeated this process of gulping and refilling the water six times. Jeanine did the math and figured that Sherlock was well on his way of drinking two cups of water for every unit of alcohol he drank earlier. “Okay Sherlock you are either trying to delay answering me or you are trying to prevent a hangover.”
"Hey Rosie, do you want to pet Golem?" Said Solomon, Rosie nodded her head enthusiastically and started to pet Golem as they walked towards the kennels.
"Sherlock there isn't anything to worry about," said John looking at Sherlock trying to make him feel that there was indeed nothing to worry about. "How about you take a quick step outside and I'll just exit rinse off real fast and get out so that you can have the bath. I can even drain it and run you a new bath."
"Mycroft, we get that it makes things easier for you. But what does it do for you? Is it getting in the way of you accessing what you want out of life?" Asked Siger.
“On all fours, Boy, I don’t think your mouth would be enough for me tonight,” Said John as he got Sherlock in position. He began to roughly remove Sherlock’s shoes and trousers. Leaving him naked from the waist down.
Kayla shrugged, "i don't know what your shopping habits are, so really I can't adjust that for you."
"Be mindful Mycroft, I could've ended this a lot sooner," quipped Ella. She did a quick jump backward and parry as Mycroft lunged forward. "I really hope you are a man of your word, because from what a certain someone said, you plowed over their request for more privacy, I am going to assume loosing this will have to force your hand if you are indeed a man of your word."
"Also Sherlock and John, it is getting late, and we would hate to keep you all from doing what you need to do to settle down for the night, so we’ll be going. But if you ever need to have another babysitter in the rotation we are always available," added Siger with a smile on his face. "Also sorry about earlier, neither my wife nor I knew how things were between our sons, so we probably misspoke and only escalated things, but know that we are trying to be better parents and more aware of how things are."
“Okay Aithne we get it you found someone you found kinship in, but where does the arson and bodily harm kick in?” Asked Joey.
Sherlock nodded his head rather vigorously, “Yes, Captain I understand.” He hissed as the first slap made contact, “one, thank you Captain.” He tried to not wiggle in John’s lap, he really did but all he found himself doing was lightly thrusting against john’s leg smearing Pre cum all over John’s thigh. He only got more desperate for friction as his punishment went on.
John ran towards Sherlock, and was a bit surprised when Sherlock stopped in front of the right building.
Mycroft huffed, stared at the pointing on his wall and dumped the contents of his tea cup into his plant. He looked at his appointment book, next was a meeting with the American Vice President, he already had to send home three different employees because they were all plotting assassination attempts. This meeting was going to be a whole lot easier than the last one. He also sent a note to Anthea to do a background check on Aitne Hunter, he wondered what his parents were thinking. But really he is trying his best, sometimes the wrong words get the right results.
“Actually, I am just invested in hearing about the shit you get into,” added Jeanine, “you’re one of the few regulars I actually like, but will I go out of my way to take care of you, no. I mean if there is a good story that could come from it, sure, otherwise we aren’t friends. Also I mean I do have some mild moral obligation to making my patrons get out alive.”
“Hello John, nice to see you as always,” greeted Siger, offering a hand to shake to John which John returned.
Sherlock smiled and leaned against the wall, and sunk down. He thought, “well I am fucked, what is this sentimental shit he hasn’t even known the man for a day yet, and now they live together and this was the first time he has been with the same person more than once in purpose.” He shrugged his shoulders, maybe this won’t be too bad, a silly thought flashed across his mind, John was definitely an exceptional person and he was starting to show that he might even be able to live with. But he was definitely a bisexual given that he was indeed wearing bi-pride gear yesterday. He felt the slightly irrational thought that John would just leave him for a cis woman, so that they can have the heteronormative dream package. It wasn't even like they were exclusive to each other or anything more than fuck buddies who live together. Also he needed to box up that bi-phobia and crush it. Ugh what the hell is wrong with him, yeah the man is as close as he can get to building a perfect partner, but why was he already so attached, if he was willing to help with cases then he would be perfect. He almost wanted to accuse his brother of setting off a bizarre chain of events to get him to this point, like the fuck is his, things rarely work out for Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded, and immediately started cleaning, he darterd around as fast as he could with his straining boner.
“The man has body glitter, this is obviously craft glitter, and judging by his hands and the way he is holding his pen, I think he would rather shoot himself than use craft glitter as body glitter, and the color blocking on his face,” said Sherlock. “He is obviously a make up artist, probably trained in MAC, but that glitter is probably Kyrolan.”
He ruffled his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and delivered some scritches to the back of sherlock’s ear.
John was a recently discharged army doctor, he was still in the process of getting his pension in order, and working full time just didn't seem like a possibility. Luckily one of his friends Mike Stamford, worked at St. Bart's he was lead medical specialist of a pilot program for HIV prevention in London. So occasionally they needed extra hands on deck for rapid HIV testing. John liked to do the volunteer work because put him in a medical setting where there was a mild sense of excitement. Mike’s program had them do a lot of direct community contact work, so sure it had all the standard shenanigans that comes with working in a public sexual health clinic, but throw in the young new doctors and that everyone coming through their RVs were all well on their way to getting shagged, wanting the incentives, or just looking to get out of the club for 30 minutes. It worked out fine because most of the boys coming through the RV doors were just not his type, not that he was in any way Masc4Masc or femmephobic, it is just a lot of the people stumbling through those doors called him ‘daddy’ right off the bat and that just made him feel old. It just really needled him because he didn't think he was old enough for that life just yet. Some of the volunteers joking call home ‘Captain’ and he wasn’t sure what to make about that, he was definitely one of the testing team captains, but he really didn't appreciate being the only one referred to as captain, sure it was his rank in the army but a lot of the volunteers snickered after calling him that, he really didn't really appreciate the snickering.
“I’m not going to lie, I really don’t know much of his backstory other than the fact that he solves crimes, does weird kinds of experiments that at times gets questionable, and has a poor grasp on social mores. Some of the volunteers call him ‘BFD’ but what that stands for depends on who you are asking. Personally I find him to be okay, he is just rude, I don’t think he was socialized well growing up or even now, I’m sure the right person can be great friends with him. Also to be honest his family is a big sponsor for the program, and you know what people assume about sponsors of medical programs,” said Mike with a slight sigh.
Okay again I don't know about NHS too well, but here in the US, unfortunately your medical record will always exists, so I am just working off that knowledge.
John started laughing, and pulled Sherlock up onto the bed and held him, “Yes we are definitely going to need to do something about that.”
John felt absolutely taken by Sherlock, all of his senses was filled with Sherlock, Sherlock, sherlock. John appreciated the feel of Sherlock’s attention on him, he couldn’t figure it what Sherlock was going to do next. He groaned as Sherlock started kissing him again, Sherlock sharply scratched his fingers against John’s back. He tended up as his orgasm started to hit him.
“Yeah William, I get that the two of you are 16 now, but that doesn’t mean you get to let that all hang out for people to see,” said Skye with a giggle.
Sherlock, never gave a blow job before, he just never found anyone he ever liked enough to even consider doing it. But yet it was another thing John was willing to give him, and he would gladly take what was given. He swirled his tongue around the tip of John’s cock for a bit, but when John tugged him by the hair to signal that he wanted more, he just let John guide him. He relaxed his throat the best he could as John drove his cock down Sherlock’s throat repeatedly. Sherlock wasn’t sure how long it went but it was long enough that he could feel himself getting a dry throat and there was spots in his vision telling him that he probably should breath unimpeded soon. Eventually John pulled back and Sherlock could taste the bitter taste of John’s release flood his mouth, he swallowed because he would take and appreciate everything John was willing to give him.
“Hey Captain, where’s the cane?” Asked Bryson, one of the young volunteers who was planning to go into public health education.
William looked around and panicked, “I didn’t actually think that far.” He ran around the flat looking for containers but he found nothing to his liking. “Papa, I know you hate going, but do you think you can take me to the store?”
“Not leaving that to chance, papa,” said William, “we are going to get some rings and you are going to propose tomorrow at valentines or I don’t know at the end of some case. We haven’t a moment to loose.”
Also I know some people may question the safety of some of the acts performed but the precautions were there. Also I think my definition of safe is "is it consensual? Is the person aware of all the risks? Is there minimal risk of transfer of STI/STDs?" Also I think I spend so much time in sex clubs that something's don't phase me any more.
Sherlock was taking in deep breaths and the rush of oxygen back to his brain made him feel all tingly and sensitive, his cock was rock hard and straining against his trousers. He let out a small gasp as John delivered a few sharp taps to the side of his face. He had a ridiculously squishy look about him with much too many chins for his light frame.
John laughed, “yes indeed she does look trendy, but I have a feeling the other parents are going to judge us.”
Mrs. Hudson followed him up the stairs, “Sherlock don’t get this wrong but you smell and you look like you rolled in the skip, how about I start doing some dusting and vacuuming while you go take a shower and make your self presentable for your man.”
“Of course it was, but you look better for it,” replied Irene, “also just so you know I am no longer in the business of selling party favors. But I do know that right now the only thing moving through out here is poppers and I doubt that is a thing you want.”
Aithne waved her hand in the air, "you spend the most time with the clients, I think you are the one most qualified to make the decision on if they will fit in with the current residents. Also would you like to come with me to England? I find that you do keep me from making emotional knee jerk decisions."
The past couple of months had been rather great for John and Sherlock, after a tortuous eight years pining they finally got together. And it turned out that yes indeed Sherlock was a virgin, but after they finally fucked they never really stopped. Much to Sherlock’s dismay, his sex drive was a dam that got burst and now it was absolutely flooding his mind palace.
Sherlock took his seat, pulling his legs up in the seat, he folded his hands and tucked them under his chin. He was buzzing in anticipation in the way a child is gleeful when a rival gets in trouble.
Blaze laughed, "Remember that time he took Scott's aderall while Frances was on home visit and Sherlock caught a really confusing thrashing because he didn't remember that Scott has an identical twin, but you know he really did put up one hell of a fight. It was too damn funny, I still got the video too, in all its shitty early 2000's camera phone glory."
John laughed, “Yes we did, we had our first couple’s therapy session, we got a dog, we started training with our service dog, we came across one of your old school mates, and that if we just happened to hold things off till June, we get a huge windfall, and well we had tea with your parents and your brother. To top it off, we are all coming to realize that you may be having seizures, which reminds me, I think we need to get you a referral to a neurologist for that. It really isn’t my area of specialties and I’d rather you have someone who can help you the best in that area. But either way that was a lot more times spent with other people than usual and a lot of info to take in as well.”  John sighed, “I am just glad we are here together, it isn’t always going to be easy, but it is what it is.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, John and Kayla laughed. Rosie gave a smile like she knew exactly what she was doing.
John nodded, okay Mike new the person from the lab, so that can’t be too bad. “Okay, i’ll meet him. Is he part of the testing team? I thought I met everyone already.”
Sherlock and Toby got into the car. Toby curled up at the floor of the cab. The ride felt a bit long given the mid-day traffic. They pulled up in front of 221 B Baker Street.
Sherlock rolled onto his back, "my parents are pleasant people, I was homeschooled till I was 11 because I didn't really get along with the school kids and the teachers weren't sure what to do with me. Mycroft started boarding school as soon as he could which is probably why I saw him as tolerable as I did as a child because he wasn't around long enough for me to hate him. I think after Eurus was sent away they were afraid to let go of me,  which makes sense given the circumstances.” He took a pause and a deep breath, “I'd ask about your childhood but I think you mentioned that your dream was a flashback to childhood. That is the first one you've told me was related to your childhood. And I know you mentioned that your dad earlier when we getting the tea ready. And I know you rarely deal with your family. We have been dealing with my family a little too much lately, just remember you can always take a break when it gets to be too much. I don’t want you to suffer through them when it gets to be too much.”
Sherlock was riding on that edge of pain and pleasure and when John bit him it just got better. He could feel John stay still letting his cock soften inside him. Sherlock felt really close to cumming, so he started to rut against the mattress despite it being a rather coarse bedding and not in any way near comfortable to get off on but he didn’t care. Sherlock eventually came all over the blanket and himself. He whined a little bit when John pulled out of him, which smeared lube all over him.
"Yeah that is the only regrettable part of that situation, it okay though, Wolfie gave me my punishment for that, my ass wouldn't let me forget about that for weeks after that," said Blaze frowning slightly, but perked right back up, "but sorry they got a fragile sense of masculinity."
"You know it was Mycroft who called me about Eurus, he got my private line and everything, I mean I screamed at him as a greeting because I thought mother managed to track down another one of my phone numbers," said Aithne as she leaned towards her brother. "So do you thinks they know that I was her group mate back in the Farm? I mean wouldn't that just be worrisome to someone of his mysterious, nosy manner."
Sherlock grabbed John’s ass and pushed him down, “not yet, just let me enjoy this.” He lowered his head and bit John’s ass again but this time he sucked while still applying pressure. He pulled back and smirked as he saw that the bite was obviously going to leave a mark. He spread John’s cheeks once more and spat on his hole. Sherlock slowly inserted a finger into it and started slowly thrust in.
John placed a hand on Sherlock’s hip to prevent him from moving any further, he felt like Sherlock might be the kind of person who would hurt himself just because he liked something and while it had it’s place in some situations, John didn’t want to hurt Sherlock for something that could be fixed by using some lube. “Hey Sherlock do you have anything that could be used as a lubricant?”
“Then don’t make anything out of it,” said Sherlock with a tone that wasn’t exactly clear on intent.
Sherlock came in to the kitchen, William had his laptop out in front of him, which told him that once again William was probably revisiting his vlog idea. He really was hoping he wouldn’t do it, because he was smol and full of ideals, and his tolerance for bullies were low and his determination and ability to get revenge was a little too high for some one who needed parental permission on the internet in the first place. Sherlock sighed, “John it is even March and you have already done 4 name puns.” He went to the desk and pulled out an envelope and laid a form on the kitchen table. John and William both signed the piece of paper and Sherlock looked at it. “John, you are only allowed 12 name puns a year, as you bargained with William, and if you do an overage, you have to promise to get him the item for which he asked. Every year we have had to buy the item, how else does he have a smart phone, when all his peers are still getting over glorified walkie-talkies with GPS trackers. Remember what he asked for this year.”
William came down and saw his dad’s little modification to the containers and found it brilliant. “What do you want to do with the tape?”
Athina dramatically sighed, “I don’t know dad how ever am I supposed to pay for Med School.” She laughed, Scott was letting her use his account because he figured that he was making more money than he could ever spend from his company, that having his sister take free reign of his trust fund was not a drop in the bucket. She hoped he didn’t check the receipts too often otherwise he would probably question why she paid so much rent, even for San Francisco. She was paying the rent for all her housemates, she planned on surprising all of them by returning all their rent money when they decide to move out because honestly she did like her housemates all enough.
He thought of the couple's therapy session, that can stay, he walked the memory to a slowly developing library and tool shop where he kept all the things he has learned from therapy because as annoying as Ella could be and given that he only recently learned to see the value in not shutting down his emotions but rather allowing himself to feel the emotions in a way where it wasn’t overwhelming. He found it helpful that some how there was multiple scientifically proven routes of doing this and he appreciated that Ella helped him learn about all of them and she gave him the space to pick and choose from the different programs what he thought useful and what he could scrap.
“So... William, do you think your Papa, can give lessons on how to put on a corset, because did you see the cleavage he manage to get in there. I mean I know he is usually a skinny, bean pole, so consider myself jealous,” said Willow.
Sherlock was sitting on top some crates with his legs spread, he was stroking the inside of his thighs just waiting for John to make a move, he carefully avoided his cock.
"Yeah, um... that is a bit funny, but yeah I can help," said John, he took the bag from Paul and looked around the park and spotted a group of young men playing football while some of their friends sat to the side drinking some beers. John sighed and walked over to them, "hey so my friend over there trying to stay sober but he had a bit of a rough start today and bought some booze but he changed his mind of breaking sobriety, basically do you want these, because well he doesn't want them but would also feel shit for tossing it down the drain." He held up some of the bottles while at the same time keeping an eye open for police because public drinking could always be a bit troublesome depending on the responding officer.
Sherlock awkwardly shifted on the table, he initially was feeling a bit of panic when John first strapped him drown. He even considered using the safeword, but eventually the lack of sensory input got a lot more comfortable to deal with he was able to just enjoy it.
"Okay why can't Sherlock help without asking you, but you can keep spying in us god knows how long without our permission and you consider it protecting us. If we wanted protection we are more than capable of asking you for help," said John with a slight smirk on his face.
“Sorry, John, just didn’t want to get interrupted,” he said as he tossed little bagging into the garbage and washed his hands in the kitchen sink. He turned and smiled at John. “We had quite the day didn’t we?”
Now that William has put the idea in Sherlock's head that marriage should absolutely be on the table, Sherlock is committed to make it happen. Sherlock goes through all the preparations needed and William learns some things.
“Give me more, Sherlock, you know what I really want, please,” begged John. He suddenly felt himself being into a kneeling position, and was flushed against Sherlock. He could feel Sherlock line his cock up with his hole and he moaned as Sherlock finally breached his hole, but Sherlock suddenly stopped. John tried to push back so that he can just fuck himself on Sherlock’s cock but Sherlock would pull back enough that John really couldn’t get much into him. This went on a for a few minutes which frustrated John. “Sherlock, I swear to g-d you need to fuck me right now or else I am just going to walk away!”
“We are definitely changing to a different set of pajamas before your parents and Mycroft come,” said John. “I mean we can never be sure about who knows what, and for all we know you parents or Mycroft knows what the eggplant and peaches mean.” He pat Harry on his shoulder, “It’s nice to know you still have a sense of humor, but we are so going to get you when you least expect it.” Suddenly a paper ball bounced off his head and he saw William giggling like a mad man while project that William built launched various items in the air.” He glared at Harry, “we are definitely going to return the favor when you least expect.”
"Yes well she has a program in San Francisco in the States, and she apparently got along with Eurus that one time we tried to set you all up on a play date. And well we thought maybe we could give it a try," said Siger. "Also the program has an extremely high success rate for what it is, and well it is worth a try."
Crystal looked at Aithne, "I don't know if that is a good idea, you tend to isolate when focused and may I remind you of your habit of falling into 24/7 power dynamic relationships a little too easily. Maybe she can stay here that way you can limit your time with her."
“Hey boy, would it be okay if I pet you,” Said John as he tentatively reached out for Sherlock. He was home early from the clinic and in a bit of a panic when he couldn’t find Sherlock. Mainly because he got a bunch of texts from Detective Lestrade stating that Sherlock left the office extremely agitated from the paper work because no matter how many different ways he tried to explain how he came to his conclusions which solved a murder case the folks reading the paper work kept asking for even more proof, and Sherlock apparently couldn’t find the words to make them see. So that makes John worry about Sherlock, but when he came into Sherlock’s room looking at peace in a way he never saw him before he felt a wave of affection towards him.
Sherlock frowned, "that is far away, and The States seems to be in dire straits at the moment, does the facility even have the funding to operate because we all know mental health services tends to be cut first no matter the country."
Mycroft got into his car and dialed his Uncle, “Uncle Rudy, you’re right he is very loyal and quick to act, maybe he will be good for Sherlock.”
John started reading the story, he couldn't really do the voices Sherlock did and Sherlock did have a surprising amount of them, he guessed for someone who said they were excellent at disguises, he really wasn’t, half of the disguises he has witnessed were all on the fly and really did rely on just the voices, he wasn’t sure if they were even decent to enough to full anyone. He remembered when Sherlock first came back and he had that stupid eyeliner mustache, he smiled as he continued reading the story to Rosie, she looked a lot more sleepier than usual. He also felt a twinge of guilt because upon remembering the eyeliner mustache, he also remembered that one of his reactions to the miracle that was Sherlock coming back was punching him multiple times. He continued reading the story to Rosie, she usually asked for more than one story, maybe today was rather tiresome for her, it was a rather long day now that he thought of it, but he also had a feeling that there was a very real possibility that Rosie just didn’t like him reading.  He finished the story, and looked at Rosie who was already sleeping. John looked at Sherlock, who stared back. They both took turns gently kissing her head and they both gently padded their way out of her room, Rosie rarely ever slept this early.
“Ooh are we talking about the cute silver fox who sometimes comes in to pick up WIHO010982, he can pick me up anytime,” said Bryson.
Kayla would respond by telling her what part of the animal kingdom they came from and some facts about each animal.
“Hey don’t worry about it, sometimes you just click, and if there is anyone who needs a connection like that, it’s you,” Said Jeanine.
a chair to the stove, and placed a large sauce pan to heat. He gently measured out the various ingredients and set to work. it slowly became smooth paste, and eventually it became a smooth dough. He put the dough aside in a bowl.
Mycroft sighed, "okay I will from here on out remember that Andrea is Andrea not Anthea." He paused for a slight beat and started laughing, "that is the code to the safe isn't it. You used some basic child plays crypto code, and made a password to a safe full of sentimental knickknacks."
“Well we can be clever if we need be,” said the first officer. “Yeah my name is Samir and his name is Jabari, but we are serious about the crosswalk.”
William and his friends were a bit disappointed because they couldn’t get movie tickets because anything that sounded interesting was already sold out and the next showing for any of those movies would put them out past curfew. They decided to grab a couple of pizzas and stream some movies at William’s house, since after all it was his 16th birthday, it was the first time his dads just gave him the spending money to treat his friends and let him go on his merry way. They had a lovely birthday brunch after all.
“Is this about the flat mate situation?” Asked John mildly concerned that Mike was just yanking people out of the testing line for him.
Jeanine, Kate. And Irene all waited outside of 221 b Baker St, they would say it was out of concern, but ultimately they wanted to see who managed to handle the sloppy twink ass that was Sherlock Holmes. When Irene got a page from Molly, that one waitress who was studying forensics, saying that she saw Sherlock in her diner actually eating food, and the only reason why he was eating was because the older man was feeding him by hand.
“Honey, until last week you were pretty much the main person fencing that stuff to dealers,” Kate pointed out, “also he only produced when all the product moving in the city was tainted, he saved our asses and you know it.”
But one day, William was just not feeling it with homework. He found it absolutely boring and unnecessary. It was exactly a year since he settled with the name “William”, he was very much relieved
“That’s my boy, this should be good for you, from what I heard he managed to get you to eat, and look at your smile, you never smile like this unless you are dealing with a murder.”
The sounds of over enthusiastic dogs could be heard and the sound of a man calming the dogs before coming to the door. The door opened, and a middle aged, middle eastern man with dark wavy hair in a wheelchair greeted Sherlock, John, Rosie, and Mrs. Hudson. "Hi Sherlock, nice to see you finally accessing my services. My name is Solomon, I met Sherlock when he cleared my dog, Golem, of murder about 8 years back. Come on in."  He motioned for them to come in. "Hey Golem you can close the door now."  It was then that they noticed the large mastiff opening the door for them. He closed the door and  walked up to Solomon, he grabbed the harness. And started pulling Solomon, down the hallway. They got to a door, and Golem opened it for them, it was an office. Golem pulled Solomon to the desk and he motioned for all of them to sit at the couch. Golem went and closed the door before resting next to Solomon.
They walked Mycroft to the door. Mycroft silently offered his hand out to Ella, "it was interesting meeting you at long last."
Solomon pressed a buzzer, "no."  Bopper looked at John with a look that one could say was sorry, but personifying animal's reactions can be troublesome. "Sorry about that, is there any other injuries I need to be made aware of before continuing."
John leaned over Sherlock, “Hey love, back in 2010 that observation was amazing. Things change and that’s okay. Let’s just make sure Rosie never finds out that you were concerned that she was a 7 year old with a drinking problem.” He kissed Sherlock on the forehead and went back to cleaning the kitchen.
One of the teens yelled, “It’s midnight, we got church in the morning and mum and da won’t let us back in until we are sure you are all off the roof, because mum says that the homeowners insurance probably won’t cover any injuries involving the roof.”
“I can’t believe you actually stabbed me, I don’t know why you picked that area you know I need it to run, are you trying to purposely slow me down!” Yelled Sherlock. Almost ready to push John away.
"I'm sorry and I hate that I keep doing this, but can I leave Rosie with you for an hour, I just need to get out for a walk," asked John trying hard to keep a tone that wouldn't raise much alarm.
John had to smile at that, but turned to Sherlock who was looking more and more tired with each passing moment. “I love how you always make time for him, but you know he is going to keep asking for you to let him work with fire again, right.”
Solomon went to his office to get the paperwork, he passed a young woman exiting the office as he went on, "oh hey Kayla, Sherlock is going to be taking home Toby, can you prepare Toby's stuff so that she can go home with them today. Also you are the closest volunteer to his flat, you think you are ready to do your first solo on site training?"
John looked on in pleasure as the giant bulge in his darling boy’s stomach got smaller and smaller. He smiled, “that’s okay boy, it just means I get to fill you up all over again.” He pet his boy on the head, ”you did a spectacular job with the tentacle and you have taken much wider things up your pretty boy hole. I want to do more, would you let me do more?” John bent over and started lapping at his darling boy’s abused hole, gently using his fingers to stretch him even more.
Ella smiled, "okay are we going for straight up lie or truth in a costume? Because I am up for either option? I mean should we just get a literal plot from a story or shall we go with something equally silly? Ooh can you give me a dark and gritty reboot? Just don't fridge yourself or give me a tragi-queer back story." She laughed at the very thought of this, she basically didn't have much in terms of how she got the kind of case load she got other than the fact that she was trained in Trauma Informed Care and Motivational Interviewing which has been proven rather successful with people with PTSD. Which meant that NHS and the Service Personnel and Veterans Agency approved of it, plus she was a army brat growing up and was part of the army herself. So she just happened to have the experience and training they desired, there really was no special manner in how she got the job, with the exception of maybe just maybe she has a pretty high security clearance level, because while she wasn't in active combat too often, she was one hell of a strategist, but she could catch hands if she needed to.
John laughed, "thanks, I mean I can handle one dog, Rosie, and Sherlock. The idea of two dogs suddenly struck me as daunting. Anyway what goes into getting a service dog?"
“Yeah Blaze’s kids are pretty funny, I am sure they would make great cousins,” said Aithne with a little chuckle.
John sighed as Sherlock and him pushed through the crowds of parade attendees as they tried to make their way to Baker Street. They were exhausted after solving a string of robberies that at first looked like opportunistic crimes at gay bars against mobile clinics but turned out to be one academic team making a power grab for funding for mobile services.
"I would really like to at least see her, even if it turns out that I cannot treat her, it would mean a lot to me if it can happen," Dr. Hunter paused, "I really mean it, I mean it is very lonely in those places and I mean she doesn't have to be alone.  Okay so I am sure if you found this number you found my e-mail and fax. So either send it to my work email using a HIPPA compliment encryption or fax it but remember to use cover pages, but I am the only one who has access to that fax machine but cover sheets are a must. Well I have to go to work in 4 hours and I am still hoping to force a 26 minute nap. In that time period. But please don't think that I don't care about this case, I mean I really do care. I hope you can see that," She hung up the phone.
John gently picked up Rosie who was still napping, and mouthed “text me if you need me” at Sherlock.
Sherlock let out a yelp at first but John continued with the sharp pressure, he sucked in deep breaths as he tried to focus his way through the pain and stop wiggling.
Sherlock took a deep breath, and looked at his parents, “I mean I guess, me and John are now officially a couple, not just flat mates or partners solving crimes, we are officially a romantic couple. I mean I doubt it comes to you as a shock, but I mean given that Mycroft doesn’t really doe emotional entanglements and well Eurus is still at Sherringford, me being with John just puts the breaks on the idea of you having biological grandkids.”
"Wait Mycroft? Aren't you the big brother? Your ass always looked like a stressed out middle aged man, and you were barely a teen. I mean you looked so funny as an adult, you didn't even look like a kid, I mean now I know that you were just as much of a kid as Eurus and I. But you were always a funny looking adult. I mean especially when you were always jumping in when blaze's roommate was relapsing, then you were all straight up disappointed parent. I mean I guess that's what happens when parents put too much responsibility on the oldest," said Dr. Hunter in a rather fast voice. "Actually how is Sherlock? Blaze still kind of hates his guts but at the same time he realizes that Sherlock ruining the computer and back up drives that held his dissertation did him a bit of a service because the advisors where initially worried that his written form wouldn't pass the panel too well. But his verbal skills and drawn out diagrams really won them over."
Solomon waived his hand in the air, "charitable donations are a blood sport, sometimes you got to fight dirty and appeal to some part of a person that makes them want to give be it for genuine hopes to help or by stroking their ego or offering a tax deduction. Or a combo of all of the above."
Sherlock pressed a kiss against the scar and pulled back to kiss John on the lips, he wrapped his arms around John and held him tightly. “I think we are going to have a great time together.” Sherlock smiled because he was pretty sure he found a way to kill the boredom.
Ella's neutral expression once again cracked a small smile, "just all is not loss, together we can work on looking at what was loss and what can be regained, and I am sure you can live a better life on your terms."
Aithne came back to the table, and continued on as if she didn’t leave to use the restroom, “I am assuming he was used to quiet because the other two siblings was quiet, like Sherlock the middle one was very personable and a big people pleaser, but sometimes things would happen that cracked a hole in that shell, so like when Blaze’s interpretation of the rules of a game was different from his, an argument broke out, a rather vicious one at that. And there was the youngest her name was Eurus, she was quiet and from what my brothers said they all thought there was something off about her, but given that mother and dad told us to try our best to be nice. I decided to go full on because let's be real being the only girl sucked and the idea of a friend that was a girl sounded very appealing. And who knew my luck that out of the families mother can pick for us to meet they just happened to have a daughter who also couldn’t feel pain. So can we all guess where that goes from there...” is
John took a deep breath and sighed, "why would you ignore a teacher suspecting your kid is having seizures?"
“Are we done here, because I would like very much to just go back to my flat and get a change of clothes?” Said Wiggins as he took off his jacket to shake off some of the mess.
"I'm 36 years old, and I haven't really been interested in anyone who is interested in me till fairly recently. John it really is up to you." Sherlock winked.
Sherlock nodded, "you don't have to if you don't want to, you were pretty adamant against the other options. I am here and I am as okay as I can be with the circumstances."
This ficlet was inspired by this post: https://kitten-kin.tumblr.com/post/190772311947/im-imagining-that-theres-a-kinsey-scale-painted
“You really should’ve used that one before the whole ‘no contact’ rule,” said Eurus with a hint of annoyance in her voice.
“Well you should fix that I mean you have been cohabitating longer than the average marriages your finances are tied, and you are raising me. Also you love each other a lot and you still have fun together, it just makes sense. It isn’t like you are ever going to break up right,” said William with the seriousness that only a 9 years old with a plot can only handle. “I simply cannot abide by having parents living in sin and allowing me to remain a bastard.” William tried not to laugh when he said that.
Rosie smiled she really liked the idea of a dog. She threw herself more into Sherlock's embrace he froze mid-step, Rosie started to slip down. "Daddy! I'm slipping"
John laughed, “Oh I can certainly keep it up.” He dropped a hand down to Sherlock’s thigh and gave it a tight squeeze. He smirked as he saw Sherlock blush from the corner of his eye.
Mrs Hudson, nodded and turned to Sherlock and John, "I'm so happy for you both, I always knew it would happen eventually. Well if you ever need someone to babysit when you need some alone time, I want you to know I am available. And i think this will be good for both of you. Also Rosie needs two parents in her life, but then again she always had the two of you hasn't she."
John shook his head, “no Sherlock it has to be actually food. You are a twig and I am sure I can snap you in half, if I wanted to.”
Solomon nodded, "okay I think we are off to a good start, thanks for coming Sherlock and John, I hope this works out for you two."
So not going to lie, I am not at all familiar with the NHS system outside of what it has to do with my job, and you know what good on you NHS for finally taking your heads out of your ass when it comes to the new generation of HIV Prevention. Believe me it is probably going to be a thing that keeps on popping up in this story. I've tried to edit as much as I could to fix it but I am sure some things managed to slip.
But for real, if you are medical staff remember to log out, a HIPPA violation costs on average 7 million dollars in fines.
He pulled back and walked to his rather sad kitchenette and poured Sherlock a glass of water. “Drink,” he said as he positioned Sherlock into a more feasible position for drinking.
Unfortunately, or most fortunately, Sherlock decided to roll over and hug John’s lap. He nuzzled John’s lap and now his raging erection was even harder. Sherlock opened his mouth in a yawn, his tongue stuck out slightly. John’s bobbing cock tapped Sherlock’s open mouth without any effort by John. Sherlock's mouth opened wider and tilted to the side. And quickly caught the tip of John’s cock, Sherlock quickly started to lick and suck as if by instinct. John was sure it was instinct, there was no way in hell that the universes could give Sherlock a mouth like that without bestowing a natural drive to suck cock.
"What a fucking prolapsed asshole!" Exclaimed paul, "I can go punch him for you if you want. I mean he'd never know what hit him."
Sherlock had a blank look on his face like he was worried,nervously gnawing at the side of his mouth. He was staring into space, occasionally his fingers twitch.
