Weasel quickly got up, following Wade as he ran from the food court, and into the back alley. No one was there, but Wade found Peter’s backpack, his old skateboard sticking out the top.
away on the keyboard.
“Ah, Tony,” he practically laughed. “When I ordered the hit on you, I worried that I was killing the golden goose.” He reached into a bag off to the side, pulling out a device that he put against the arc reactor. “But, you see, it was just fate that you survived that. You had one last golden egg to give.”
“You never did tell me why you’re so okay with mercenaries,” Deadpool said one night, as Spiderman was webbing up a convenience store thief. “We kill people for money, you know? I would have thought that ‘Friendly, Neighborhood Spiderman’ would hate that sort of thing.”
“Wade?” Peter called, just as his Spidey sense started sending pin pricks all along his skin. He turned, his guard instantly up as he saw a man standing in the gloom of the alley. “You’re not Wade.”
For a moment, Deadpool was oddly quiet. Peter frowned, turning to look at him, only to find him sitting down on the edge of the roof already. He followed, sitting beside the merc and wondering what was going through his masked friends head.
Wade felt his chest tighten at the thought of seeing Peter. If he did… Well, he’d probably break down into tears. There would be gross sobbing, and that’s the last thing he needed. Fucked over by cancer and gross sobbing.
As much as it pained Steve to hear that the two were gone, he couldn't bring himself to care at the moment. He hurried to the living room, finding the two children sitting in a pile of blankets in front of one of the large couches. They looked up when Steve came in, and the swell of relief in his chest is almost painful.
He let out a sigh of relief when he saw Steve helping Peter out of the shit box. With a wide grin, he raised his hand, waving wildly to get their attention.
Things settled fairly quickly, and Peter hoped that everything would be fine. They all settled in to play games on the StarkCube, a console he helped his dad create that could read any game disc. It hadn't been announced yet, since they were still waiting for a green light and final contract deal from Nintendo. It could connect several controllers, so all six of them got to play guitar hero with four guitarists and two drummers. It was good, really fun.
When he got home, he carried Peter upstairs from the garage, and into their bedroom. Tony tucked him in, leaving him to sleep, before heaving down to the lab. He sat on the couch down there, putting on a gauntlet, and tweaking it as he watched the news.
was it hurting him?
"I can't ask you to do that," Tony said. "With everything that's happened, I don't think the world can afford to lose you. Not for good." When Steve's face fell, Tony chuckled, reaching out to snatch his ring back. "But I know you're gonna try. So you better get all you stuff out of the Tower and into the mansion. Tired of the bed being so empty."
All of the Avengers had apparently worked together to make fun games, cool things to do. Peter loved the laser tag game that Bruce, Sam, and Steve had set up for him, and the climbing wall and obstacle course race that Natasha, Clint, and Phil had put together was tons of fun with the spider legs. The most exciting had to be what Thor had set up. Darcy and Jane helped, but only because Thor wouldn't change his mind. They'd gotten riding gear for Bilgy, and hooked it up so that Peter could ride Bilgy like a horse.
When Tony had given back the ring, he’d wanted to tell Tony to stop. It didn’t have to be like this, if they just sat and talked. But he knew that they wouldn’t really get the chance to when they were still fighting Ultron. There was just no time to go that. So Steve had picked up the ring, and sat on the stump to think before he was called inside to talk to Fury.
QUESTION TIME: What did you guys think of the way I portrayed Tony's change, and the closeness of Tony and Peter? Was it to sudden, or were they always going to be that close and Afghanistan just pushed it forward? Tell me what you think in the comments section bellow, and I'll be sure to get a discussion going so I know what to fix up for chapter two!
XxXXxX
“It’s my job. Recruitment. And you have quite a reputation. I’m sorry you’ve had a tough go. But you’re a fighter. A mercenary by fifteen, you already have forty-eight confirmed kills just over the course of three years.”
“Oh, you never left!” Wade countered.
Once he managed to calm himself down, he did open comms to get the attention of everyone he could. With that done, he had hurried to the panther statue, taking stock of his remaining Avengers. There… weren’t very many of them.
“So it’s… only you?”
XxXXxX
And, Tony’s only thought was that Yensin was right. His only thought was that he had to get back to Peter. He had to correct his mistakes. God, he had to correct his
"I don't want to rest," Tony said in return. "I want to get Thanos, and I want to make him pay. Avengers, remember?"
“Oh yeah,” he nodded. “The guy from the…”
"There's a good number of people who need Steve Rogers more." Reaching out with his good hand, Steve took Tony's hand, running his thumb over where his wedding ring once sat. "I know I messed up. I was wrong, doing what I did. I should have told you, about Bucky and Mary. It wasn't fair to you, or Peter, hiding that, and it broke our vows that me made to each other."
“Wade!” Steve called, and Wade couldn’t help but groan. “Four or five moments!”
They had a party for Wade, who was laughing and smiling, and Peter took tons of pictures. It was held at the Tower, and Weasel, Wade’s sorta-kinda father figure, and Bob, Wade’s… roomate? Either way, the team was there, and the people who cared about Wade were there. That’s what was important.
“Expected that to,” Tony sighed. “Go on, Barnes. Go help smooth things out if you can.”
With a deep breath, Wade stepped inside his house. Well, it wasn’t his, really, but he was living there. A month ago, he had nearly been caught when Peter had gone to Weasel’s bar to ask about something, and decided it would be a good idea to not be living there until this was all over. So, yeah, he had a roommate named Al, who was blind, and Wade was waiting patiently for the day his roomba came in the name so he could torment her.
“So are they betrothed?” Thor asked. “I have never seen an earth marriage proposal.”
“You activated a blackout protocol after Happy Hogan left. I couldn't do anything to stop you, as you used an override.” There was a small pause. “I hadn't noticed a rash, as I was in a blackout protocol.”
With a sigh, Tony agree to help when he could. He told Wade that he’d fabricate a suit for him, if he brought him a design and notes on what he needed. He also gave Wade the gear he’d already made. The kid would be needing them.
The others all laughed their agreements, and Tony carefully removed himself from his spot between Steve and the elevator wall. He straightened his clothes, running a hand through his hair as he peered at Steve.
showed up.
“Have fun,” Bruce said. “I'm sure you'll be the smartest one there.”
Peter went out into the hall finding Bucky there. He was frowning. “Hey. Steve said I’m supposed to supervise while you have you’re little pow-wow. Everything okay?”
And with that, Tony hung up and finished his way home. Friday told him that Peter eaten, by then, and Tony gave him permission to come down, with shoes. Peter did come down, and stared up at him as he went to the dismantler.
“This is Bob,” Wade snickered. “Guy owes me big time for helping him escape the feds, so I figured you could use an extra set of hands. Teach him to mix drinks and stuff.”
Suddenly, a familiar tingle went down his spine. He’d felt it so many times over the last two years. It was a tingle he always felt back when Wade would sneak up to surprise him before he vanished. And he felt it every now and then since Wade disappeared… It was silly, but every time he felt it, he always got the strangest feeling of hope that Wade was still alive.
Tony laughed, reaching back to ruffle Peter’s hair before driving. They went through a Krispy Kreme drive thru, and then went to eat them somewhere for while before heading home. When they walked in, it already growing dark outside. Peter was asleep in his arms, and mumbled as Jarvis welcomed them.
He pulled his hand away, and dread instantly fell over him. In his hand was splatters of blood. And in that blood was a mix of white and red flower petals.
“There are no words!” Wade panted, Francis laughing beneath him. “Now! Me and you are gonna go fix this butterface!”
Tony wanted to say yes. He always did when it came to Steve. Sure, he’d put up a front, say that he didn’t, but he did. He loved seeing the smile that Steve would get, so big and bright, just for Tony. But he had been up for two days straight, coughing up blood and flowers to often, since he was getting rather dizzy.
“Keep me posted.”
Oh, wait…
Steve really couldn’t believe what he had done. He’d kissed Tony again and had made a date. A
Tony and Bruce had been working together on something that they hadn’t told anyone about. Tony hadn’t even told Steve about it. And they had ended up making a fucking
“And Mini Stark,” Tony said, moving to shake a few hands. Most eyes were on the giggling five year old on his shoulders though, anyway. He didn’t take any offence to that. Peter was adorable. “Speaking of manned and unmanned, you gotta get him to tell you about the time he guessed wrong at spring break. Just remember that. Spring break, 1987. That lovely lady you woke up with-”
Peter nearly dropped the bowl after picking it up, and gaped at his phone. “Dad...”
“Wow, kid, why such a douche today?”
"You kept this for a reason," Steve said, voice thick. "And I can only hope that it's because you're willing to give me a second chance. I will do everything I can to prove to you that I deserve it. That you can trust me to be there for you, our kids, and be what you need me to be. I'll hang up the shield, stay at home to take care of Johnny and Susan, support you like I should have from the start. Because no matter what,
Pulling out the hoodie, Peter felt tears stinging his eye. Feeling the worn fabric of the shoulders, he pulled the old and tattered hoodie to his chest, only to hear something crinkle in the front pocket. Reaching in, Peter found an envelope with his name on it, new and still white as he pulled it out, and carefully pulled it open. ‘
“Well, it’s nice to meet you, Deadpool,” Peter said, shaking the mercenaries hand. “Sorry to interrupt whatever you were doing, but you are a pretty weird guy. More then a little suspicious, walking around with a pair of swords on your back.”
“Fancy seeing you here,” the woman said, glancing at Peter as he laid his head on Tony’s shoulder.
Peter Stark. Tony, unable to deny him, had agreed, and had set it up for Peter to go to Midtown High School as Peter Parker the next year.
Tony faltered, but quickly schooled himself. “I'm pretty sure I'm the one that kissed you.”
I spent a lot of time trying to figure out Wade's... Deadpool-ness, and how to protray it. And how to get to that point while still setting things up for the next chapter.
When Peter had asked him to join him at the gala, Wade hadn’t wanted to say yes. It wasn’t because Wade didn’t want to go, but more that he was worried about what people would say. They weren’t telling anyone that he was Peter’s boyfriend. It would make it way to obvious that Peter ‘Parker’ and Peter Stark were the same. Or make everyone at school think he was a cheater. Either way, not go. So he was supposed to wear a security detail suit and shades, and pretend to be Peter’s bodyguard for the night.
“I skimmed,” Pepper admitted. “But the thing is, it’s not addressed to just Anthony Stark of Stark Industries. They want your opinion as Iron Man of the Avengers, to.”
“You can get the surgery,” Pepper wept. “You can get them removed, just let me call an ambulance, and we’ll make sure you make it.”
STARK: Absolutely. Just gotta… Can’t have the kid getting a cold. He gets all whiny and I make terrible soup. Tastes kinda like soap for some reason.
With the arm complete, and ready to be attached, Tony went straight for Barnes floor. He wanted to get the arm attached now, to see how well it worked. It was going to be so cool, just awesome to see the arm working.
Wade didn't say anything after that. He simply turned, and ran. Steve smiled.
Tony hummed. “Well, as much as I love hearing Thor’s lonely kicked puppy voice, I’m going to look for my favorite super soldier.”
The young man frowned. "Washington State? The North West?"
“My apologies, Sir.”
Peter saw Deadpool again fairly frequently after that first meeting. It was always late at night, and at first just a few hello’s before they parted ways, but it soon became a bit of a tradition for Peter to sit on top of a roof near the alley they first met for Deadpool and then talk for a while. Hell, Deadpool even started joining him on patrol as they just talked about their days or whatever.
“Spur of the moment thing,” his dad said shrugging with his hands in his pockets. “Thought I'd let the kids see the Avengers gear. Give them something special.”
“Give us a couple minutes, you guys.” As soon as all the cadets leaving, Rhodey spoke. “I’m surprised. I swear, I didn’t expect to see you walking around so soon.”
He set the bar down, and moved to keep doing tests.
Anger boiled in his gut. “Do you know how much he’s missed you? He’s been miserable for six months, barely even himself, and you don’t think he wants to-”
“Okay!” Pops said as he clapped his hands. “Friday, where are the others? It's Peter's fifteenth birthday! We need the whole team around. Is Coulson on site yet? He's supposed to be here by now.”
“So before I go, I just wanted to tell you, I could have never asked for a better secretary, CEO, or friend. You were my back bone for so many years, my number one support. If not for you, I would have probably died tragically years ago. So, I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me, someday.”
Without a second thought, Wade started making his way back to Midtown High, pushing past the daily crowd, thin as it may be. His heart was racing, ears ringing, as he made his way to the front entrance of the school. As he grew closer, the racing and ringing slowed, but not because of a calm that washed over him, but because he started to hear the whispers around him. Men and women alike were turning away from him, whispers of shock and horror filling the air.
Tony chuckled.
“About an hour to an hour and half,” JARVIS answered immediately. “However, may I suggest taking the private jet and sleeping on the way instead?”
With the help of lube Tony´s fingers slid in easily, stretching his partner carefully. Steve´s head fell back on the pillow and he relaxed his body with a sigh. His lover knew how to handle his body, working his fingers in and out until the heat in Steve´s lower body was unbearable.
Steve´s eyes wandered to the clock on the opposite wall. Half past four. It was pitch black outside.
“I´ll be ready in a second,” he mumbled and hurried to put on a pair of black chelsea boots.
“You have to practice your motivational speeches,” Steve replied with a forced smile.
“Tony... I need to tell you something.”
“Seriously, Rogers?” Tony smirked and nodded to the tiny chain. “You just open the door to anyone who knocks? I could have been a crazy axemurderer. Or one of Jehova´s witnesses.”
The silence between the two men was heavy.
Carefully, Steve took Tony´s hands in his and kissed the knuckles while holding eye contact.
They both stayed quiet for a long time. The longer the silence between them lasted the more uncomfortable Tony became. Maybe he should excuse himself and leave. He could send Steve a gift later for all the trouble Tony had caused.
“Please do not move until tomorrow.” She still smiled at him. “The phallus is alright. You may see it in a few days but right now you need to rest and recover, Sir.”
The billionaire looked at him for a few seconds and cleared his throat.
“Aww, don´t tell me your womanizer best friend wasn´t banging some girl in an alleyway while you were watching out for other people.”
“I can not tell you how much I don´t want to have this conversation with you right now,” Tony replied but Steve didn´t let him of the hook that easily.
“Jesus, Rogers! I´m asking you out for a date! Didn´t you have dates back in sixteenhundredfour? Do you even know what a date is?”
His head was resting on Steve´s shoulder. The position looked really uncomfortable but the billionaire didn´t move an inch, just snuggling closer, careful not to hurt his taller boyfriend.
The cute blush was appearing on Tony´s face again. God, Steve would never get enough of it. He kissed him gently when all what he wanted to do right now was to slam his tiny boyfriend against the wall and kiss him until they were both out of breath. He tried not to think about it too hard.
It was on the news only six hours after Steve had left the clinic. The gossip was floating around the internet, new theories came up faster than Steve could catch up with them. Of course, Tony was outraged when Friday informed the two men about the news that everyone in the country probably knew by now that Steve Rogers had asked a doctor for phalloplasty.
“Oh,” Tony said. And then, “Oh!”
From somewhere far, far away he heard someone shout his name. He was lifted, his head lolling back. The world around him was blurred and somehow muted. The feeling wasn´t pleasant but it was better than being fully conscious. He thought for a second that someone was holding his hand, but it was only Steve checking his pulse.
“What brings you here?” Steve asked casually. “Thought you were in Malibu. You look like you haven´t slept in days, has anything come up?”
“How many boyfriends do you have?”
The billionaire knew exactly what he was doing, driving Steve insane with his dick. It was different than last night, when Steve was on top. And he decided that he preferred fucking his partner over being fucked but for now feeling Tony on top and deep inside of him was fine.
“Yeah, no, I was just...” Tony nervously ran a hand through his hair until he felt something. His blood ran cold and for a horrible second he thought he might pass out on the spot. Fuck! He was still wearing the collar!
It was half past ten when they made their way back to the tower. Still, Steve didn´t want the night to end just now. He was sitting in the right seat watching the lights of New York in the dark while Tony was driving.
“I won´t have any sensation in it for at least a few months.”
“Hey, Cap,” the billionaire purred and placed a kiss at the soldier´s earlobe. “Are you alright?”
Tony snuggled closer so their thighs touched under the table. Tony´s small hand made its way to Steve´s knee, squeezing gently.
The soldier laughed and hugged his tiny boyfriend.
“No, no, I´m ready,” Steve answered and was about to change the topic to the fact that he had an uterus and a vagina instead of a penis and if this was a problem, but Tony cut him off by pointing at Steve´s feet.
Two of the men helped Happy taking Tony down. His legs immediately collapsed under him. Happy untied the rope around his wrists, helping Tony into an upright position.
“A week ago you were too shy to tell me about your lack of dick. And now you want the whole world to know?” He pulled Steve into a hug. “They... they might hate you, Cap. I don´t want that for you.”
“Are you nervous?”
“Tony, no! Wait!”
With a whine Steve spread his legs further. Tony kissed the inside of his thigh. He ripped open the packaging of the condom, used even more lube and lined himself up.
“Happy,” Tony slurred, barely able to keep his eyes open. “Ssso late already?”
“My favorite boyfriend then?”
Steve was on his feet within a second, grabbing Tony´s right hand and holding it tightly between his.
The soldier entered the elevator and ordered JARVIS to bring him upstairs to his bedroom but Tony managed to get in just before the doors closed. He was breathing heavily.
Their eyes met.
The soldier laughed.
Tony entered the living room while Steve was sitting on the sofa and watching news. He tried to stay up to date but the 21st century was just too fast for his 1940s mind. Something worthy of being on the news seemed to happen 24 hours a day.
Tony picked up a bottle of wine from the kitchen and when he turned around to the very startling looking soldier he smirked.
The first thing Steve felt when he woke up after being asleep for eight hours was how hot his body felt. Maybe it was due to the heavy blanket covering him, maybe it was from the pain in his crotch that pulsed through his body.
He smiled into the camera that was right in front of him.
Steve took his time to examine the dicks on the screen further. He wouldn´t have guessed that those were not penises of men who were born with the right pair of genitals. Suddenly, he felt a strong urge to reach down his own legs where he found nothing.
“I´m sorry,” Steve finally said. “I should have told you in person.”
The billionaire sighed quietly, letting his head rest against Steve´s shoulder. Steve radiated heat, his big arms closed tightly around Tony´s back. He should have felt trapped and helpless and the mercy of an artificially enhanced super soldier. But instead he felt just safe.
The doors of the elevator opened at Steve´s floor and both men got out.
Tony shrugged without looking away from the street.
“I know I said you must not wear cargo pants but shoes are still required.”
“What are they gonna do about it?” His boyfriend smiled. “Kick us out of the restaurant? Us? Two of the Avengers? I don´t think they would dare something like this.”
“Okay, okay,” Tony tried again. “Not a woman. Are you a trans-man?”
“I wanted to tell you earlier this night but...” His eyes were starting to feel wet again. Steve hated it.
And just like that the doors of the elevator closed behind him, leaving Happy alone in the quiet parking lot.
The first questions about the mysterious doctor´s appointment were flying through the room. Steve lifted his hands and made the journalists go quiet, a trick he learned from Tony who was always so charismatic. The billionaire never seemed to be nervous when talking to crowds. Steve envied him.
“Nevermind. Just helping my favorite soldier out.”
Steve caught Tony blushing and it was probably the cutest thing he had seen in years. It was hard to make Anthony Edward Stark blush; Tony was usually confident, proud and egocentric. He always knew how to make a situation less awkward and what to say to whom. Steve had only ever met one person as charismatic as Tony – his father Howard Stark.
Tony smirked into the kiss that got deeper and filthier every second. The billionaire pressed himself against the taller man so Steve could feel something hard brushing his inner thigh. He was already out of breath when Tony pulled away.
“Are you sure, Cap? I don´t want you to feel... dysphoric or anything.”
He took a deep breath.
“Wait a second, let me think,” Tony replied with a smirk that probably should have looked quirky but was just cute instead. “One. That is if you agree to date me.”
Steve looked at himself in the mirror. Broad shoulders, strong arms, perfectly shaped pecs and his packer was hold in place in his black jeans. There was no sign of his lack of a real penis. Nobody would be able to tell. He was going to be fine.
It was just a whispered confession but Tony stopped the car at a red traffic light, bend over and kissed Steve without hesitation. The soldier closed his eyes and relaxed. Their kiss only lasted a few seconds before Tony had to focus on the traffic again but it left Steve breathless and hungry for more.
“Looked into what?” Tony didn´t mean to sound as panicked as he did.
“Hmm.” Tony let himself be held. His head was feeling calmer already. Maybe things would turn out to be okay after all.
“Four hours, maybe five,” Tony answered excited.
Now it was Steve who blushed. Somehow he seemed to have missed out on weeks of body language. That was probably due to the fact that the Avengers had to save the world at least three times during the last eight weeks but still. He could have noticed earlier.
“No. Well, sorta. I mean, If he was here, then I would talk to him, but he's not and I can't talk to Steve about it, and I'd feel awkward talking to Pepper about this, so-”
“Having a burger,” Tony said as he looked at Peter, who he held to his hip with his good arm. “Could you hold the bag, my little angel?”
“No,” Tony said, sipping at his drink. Non-alcoholic, of course. “Peter’s still at camp until tomorrow morning, and Pep has this meeting with this bio-chem guy that’s currently working at Oscorp.”
“Fuck me,” Wade hisses.
“Like a testicle with teeth.”
“Nothings happening,” Steve said as Tony drove to wherever they were going. “I mean, the streets are pretty stuffed up, but there's nothing bad happening.”
But there was also Sam. He was a good guy, helping them out even though he barely knew them. Steve had been thinking about adding him to the team officially. Rhodes was pretty much part of the team, so why not Sam? They could use another ariel fighter aside from Iron Man.
“Dr. Connors,” she said, holding up her hands. “You don't have to do this. We can help you, if you let us.”
“Peter,” she gasped. “You don’t look so good. What happened?”
As everything wrapped up and they were on their way, Tony looked up to see Steve standing in front of him. He looked nervous, and all Tony could think was a vindictive ‘good’. Steve should be nervous. If he wasn’t going to agree to talk, Tony didn’t want to hear it.
“Then we’ll leave first thing. Now we just need to make a battle plan.”
“Oh my god!” The man squealed. “Spiderman, boy! I’m a huge fan!”
Eventually they got to a large room where they were looking at a drone of some kind that Oscorp had developed. Dr. Connors was actually there to explain what it did, and why they had made it. It was sort of a substitute Iron Man and Captain America mash-up, and only a prototype, but Peter didn’t like it. Nothing good came from trying to remake the Super Soldier serum and nothing good came from trying to remake the Iron Man armor. Dr. Connors and Oscorp were on a dangerous path.
“There is nothing except this,” Tony snapped. “There’s no art opening. There is no benefit. There is nothing to sign. There is the next mission, and nothing else.”
HAMMER: Absolutely. I’m no expert. I defer to you, Anthony. You’re the wonder boy. Senator, if I may. I may well not be an expert, but you know who was the expert? Your dad. Howard Stark. Really a father to us all, and to the military-industrial age. Let’s just be clear, he was no flower child. He was a lion. We all know why we’re here. In the last six months, Anthony Stark has created a sword with untold possibilities. And yet, he insists it’s a shield. He asks us to trust him as we cower behind it. I wish I were comforted, Anthony, I really do. I’d love to leave my door unlocked when I leave the house, but this ain’t Canada. You know, we live in a world of grave threats, threats that Mr Stark will not always be able to foresee. Thank you. God bless Iron Man. God bless America.
“You had a great idea, Tony,” Stane laughed, ice covering his face plate but still climbing. “But my suit is more advance in every way!”
Tony blinked again. “Uh… what time is it?”
When they finally stopped, Steve was squirming in this seat, wanting to ask, but not wanting to know, if Tony meant this as a date, or as birthday lunch. He didn't really get the courage to, stewing over it as they walked, until they finally came to a stop and Steve took in his surroundings.
"Steve!" Tony's voice rang behind him.
XxXXxX
With that, after bragging and saying words that Tony couldn’t understand in his haze of hate, betrayal, and fear, Stane left, the arc reactor in hand. Once he was gone, Tony worked his hardest to get to the elevator. He managed to get inside, stumble his way into the lab. Jarvis nor Friday said anything, the network had to be down. He couldn’t say anything, couldn’t call to Peter for help, and crawled his way across the lab floor.
But as the hunger pains grew, Tony felt his chest tighten. There was still so much left that he had to do. So much he’d left unfinished. He looked down at the tape. He could flip it over, record another message. For… For Steve.
“And forget him?” He coughed, some more petals falling into his lap, only for Dum-E to gently pick them up. “You know I can’t do that, Pepper. I can’t imagine living my life not remembering meeting him for the first time, or all the good times we’ve had. My entire time as an Avenger, that would probably go to… I can’t do that.”
Wade actually took a second to think about it. While helping Tony and the other Avengers was fun, sometimes, and it would make Peter happy to see him really turn around… But he really did only take a second. Sure, he had tried being a part of the Avengers team, and he was basically family there, he wasn’t really… a team guy. Wade honestly liked going out and kicking ass to get the little bads off the streets and away from the good people who couldn’t defend themselves.
So he plucked the ring out of the box and put it in his pocket before joining the others in the lounge.
And it hit Steve, then, just what was happening. Tony hadn’t added him back into the system. He was completely locked out of the tower. And if he was locked out… So could just about everyone else.
“Yes Bucky! Even better then the year we agreed to never talk about again!”
“Jay, call Steve.”
Deciding it was better not to argue, Peter quickly left the room, ducking behind a corner. He wasn't heading for the restroom, though. He was heading for the roof. Maybe, just maybe, he could get suited up in time to come in for a daring save. He did stop, however, to get a glimpse of whoever it was that was intruding, and was shocked to see Dr. Connors. Except this time, he looked… offle. His skin was covered in strange green scaly rashes.
Tony spent the next several hours looking into what was going on. He researched the Hanahaki disease, and found an informational awareness foundation that took donations to help fund treatment for the infected that couldn’t afford it. There wasn’t much run on the site anymore, though, since after about 2001, the number of people getting Hanahaki started dropping quickly from 200 a year worldwide to barely 10 a year worldwide. Even with its low infection count, it had a near 100% death rate. Not because it didn’t have a treatment or cure, because it did. A terrible one.
“Tony?” she said, only for his body to go ridged, a ringing in his ears. “Tony, are you there? Hello?”
Pepper rushed off, leaving Tony to wonder in confusion why he was here. Had he been out with the others and gotten hit or something? Why couldn’t he remember?
“Hey there Boss,” Friday chirped cheekily. “Welcome back. Peter, you-”
Peter couldn’t help but laugh, and followed her out of the room and back to the bus with the other kids. He wasn’t laughing though, as he sat on the bus and felt like his entire body was on fire. Sure, it was summer and it was hot anyway, but now he felt almost feverish, even woosie as he stepped off the bus and walked towards his bed area in the gym.
“Steve,” Tony wheezed, eyes wide as he rushed to check on Steve. He hesitated, slowly reaching out to check for a pulse, but his stomach churned and he wasn’t sure if he could.
Wade went to go get the box, setting up the grid to play. It was the most boring game he had ever played, since Al kinda sucked at it. He was mostly just waiting for his hand to power through puberty so he could get back to work. It took until the afternoon, and as Wade studied his new hand, just as scared as before, his phone rang. Looking at the ID, Wade frowned to find that it was Weasel.
It was a bit disheartening to see so few of their allies and friends still in the house, but Tony was focussed on other things. Seeing Steve, and the twins, he took a few shaky steps forward, before wrapping his arms around his husband and children.
"What was that for?" He asked.
XxXXxX
. He had to tell his son how much he really meant to him.
Wedging his feet into his at home crocs, Wade went to his room to ditch his equipment and lay down. He had had a rough day, getting annoyed by crooks and confused hentchmen during his search for Francis. Sure, his run in with Spiderman, his literal hero, had been a pretty cool thing, but even if there was icing on a turd, it was still a turd. And to make it worse, it was the one year marker since he’d seen Peter in person. He’d seen him in the security cameras in Tony’s lab, and he stalked the kid way more then he should, but he hadn’t… He was never close enough that Peter could see him, or that he could just wrap the boy up and hold him and never let go.
they could knock the barrier down. It was just to strong on the outside, it seemed. Except for… Hm, that spot seemed much softer. Much weaker… It could totally work.
Steve grinned. He looked down at his pain filled arm, and laughed at the shrivelled and blackened skin. His friends and teammates simply stared at him, and their wide eyes were the last things he saw before he crumbled, falling into darkness.
XxXXxX
When they finally landed, Tony let his armor slide into place around him. He remained a silent moving statue as he followed Clint and Carol around the ridge. Thanos had set up a little home for himself on a cliff, facing a forested green valley. It was a beautiful piece of land, but Tony was going to have a good time burning it to the ground.
“I’m fine,” Peter said, glad that the voice modulator kept his voice even and from cracking. “I just… I knew a mercenary, a few years ago. You know, out of the mask? He took a job overseas and never came back.”
“Right.” His dad pulled a large bottle of orange juice out, opening it to drink straight from the bottle before he spoke. “Tony Stark, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, superhero.”
They went in a comfortable silence the rest of the way. Tony, of course, had some kind of music playing, something about Hell's bells? Steve didn't mind.
Steve ran after Peter, rounding the corner just seconds behind him. When he turned around the corner, he reached out to grab Peter’s shoulder. The teen turned, and Steve froze when he saw the boys face. The hair was so much like Peter’s, and from the back he had looked like Peter. But he wasn’t.
“What about Rhodes?” he tried. “Have you been able to get ahold of him?”
“Tony, Tony. You can’t afford to be this naive.”
“I’ll stay here with the trainee’s,” Coulson said, turning to the four civillians he and Clint had brought. “They’re skilled in their own ways, but they aren’t ready for something like this. We’ll stay here and keep the city under control. Keep an eye on Stark.”
Tony sighed, leaning back in his chair. How did he say this? How did he explain things in a way that she could understand over the phone?
“I know,” he said, pressing the ring into Tony’s hand. “I know that we’re going to face a near unending army of robots, and I know that you want us to talk about it, but there isn’t time right now. We’ll talk later, when this is all over, for sure, alright? And if we don’t make it, then at least we both know that we’re willing to work it out, okay?”
He went quickly to the sink. Cupping his hands to splash his face, he glared at himself in the mirror. “You weak motherfucker,” he snapped. “Come on. Come on, get it together. This isn’t about me, this is about Peter.” He nodded at his reflection a few times. “Here we go. Maximum effort.”
“The Cradle,” Wanda said as her brother was catching his breath. “Did you get it?”
As they waited, Steve and Sam had done some talking. It was mainly basic logistics of what it would mean for Sam to be officially on the team: room and board at Avengers Tower, a comm linked with the others on the team, Tony doing his gear maintenance, not really needing full time job. The last one was mostly if Falcon merchandise took off. While Steve had years and years of back pay from the army that eventually got transferred to him, most of Steve’s spending money came from the royalties on Captain America merchandise, since Howard had owned the rights and they got passed to Tony who gave them back to Steve. Tony would probably want a press conference to announce Falcon was on the team, anyway, so it wouldn’t be to long.
“Like what?” the man practically hissed, giving a pointed look at Peter. “You want us to make baby bottles?”
“Yeah, maybe you’re right. I’ll talk to Darc and start planning in the morning… Thanks Stevie.”
Wade blinked, looking a bit surprised, and cocked his head to the side. "He's already got four of them? Well, you guys are behind, now!" He grinned, slapping a tune on his thighs. "If you don't hurry, he's gonna beat you to the last stone and then you won't be able to win at all."
Pepper sighed, smoothing out his hair. “Let's get you home…”
To prove such, Tony charged it up, and let it rip. And it did rip. It ripped him right off the floor and into the wall. And possibly his arm out of its socket. Definitely his pride out of his chest as he gasped for breath.
He sped up just a bit, having Jarvis call Pepper.
"Mary Jane Watson, Golf Romeo Lima Papa Whiskey Romeo."
"Alright," Steve said, looking around at all those at the table. Everyone was there, from Coulson and Clint's group, to all those who had participated in the fight against Thanos in Wakanda, and even Carol. "Now that everyone is here, we can get this meeting underway."
“Why don’t we let Peter decide,” Tony said, turning to let Peter see the old one as well as the new one. “That’s Daddy’s old heart, Pete. What should we do with it?”
"I can't," the AI confirmed. "My range is far, but not as far as you might think. A copy of me will be within both the Iron Man armor and the Iron Spider suit, so once they're in range, I'll be sure to tell you."
Tony grinned, about to speak, only to have a set of cards shoved into his face by Coulson.
Steve blinked.
"Wait!" A voice called, somewhat familiar, though one Steve hadn't heard in a long time. "Wait! Captain Rogers!"
He scowled, doing his best to keep from snapping with Johnny on his lap. "I told you Wilson was crazy. He may never come back."
XxXXxX
Before Peter could really fall apart, he was sitting on the couch again, his dad and pops on either side as Weasel set the box down on the coffee table.
Once he was safely tucked away in his room, Peter layed down in his bed, staring up the ceiling for a minute before turning on his side and reaching over to his bedside table. Opening the drawer, he pulled out the framed picture that he had taken on the balcony the last time he saw Wade. He used to keep it on the table, but Gwen saw it once and said it wasn’t healthy for him to be clinging to the past… Peter had told her that he would put it in the box on the top shelf of his closet, with the rest of Wade’s things that he couldn’t find an excuse to keep, but he just couldn’t bring himself to…
And just like that, Steve was stepping forward into Tony's space. A warm hand slid along his jaw, a thumb rubbing across the stubbly part of his face where he hadn't gotten a chance to shave, and gently pulled him up as Steve bent down. After what felt like an eternity, their lips met in a slow and gentle kiss, and Tony felt lightheaded.
Throwing the door open, Wade burst into the room he'd been living in before Thanos appeared. Wide eyes went quickly to the bed, heart pounding in his chest as he found it empty. He faltered, a cold chill sweeping down his spine as he sucked in a breath.
“Of course.” She placed a hand on his shoulder, using the other to wave over Ned. “Ned, can you go pack up Peter’s things? I’m sure he’ll be going home today.”
The first thing he had to work on, was the flight capabilities. He built the boots, heavy but movable, first. The first model was done by the time they broke for lunch, and Tony managed to make PB and J for lunch.
“I should have talked to you sooner,” Steve started, shaking his head. “And this isn’t the best time, but I just wanted you to know that I do trust you. I trust you with my life, and with my heart. And while I wish you would tell me things, I don’t care about that nearly as much as I care about us staying together.”
“So,” Sam started as he looked around. “You and Stark, huh?”
Nine o’clock came, and no Spidey.
“Look who fell out of the sky,” Rhodey said, rather strained. “Mr. Tony Stark.”
For the first time in his life since his father came back from Afghanistan, Peter felt truly alone.
Looking up, Wade blinked.
After having been dating for a year and a half, Tony had asked him to officially move into the penthouse with him and Peter. Almost immediately, Steve had said yes. He'd been pretty much living in the penthouse with them anyway, his clothes and other things still on the floor he was sharing with Sam.
“What?” Wade asked, turning to look at Steve in utter confusion.
"Tony," Steve breathed out. "You know… I…"
“You know you can tell me anything,” Steve said, reaching out to cup Tony’s cheek, lifting his face to look at him. “What’s wrong?”
An hour later found him extremely confused. He could bench press weights that only Thor, Steve, and Bucky had. Well, in terms of their size to lift ratios. He could also stick to walls. And the ceiling. And swing around the room using the goop. It was actually a lot like spider webbing. Actually, it was spider webbing, according to his analysis.
“It doesn't hurt,” Barnes said.
And it turned out that now that he was actually taking part of Peter’s life, Friday told him when it was Peter’s bed time. Peter was, in fact, yawning when Friday warned that it was ten minutes before nine and Peter still hadn’t taken his bath.
“Wade-” Peter started, only to pulled up as the container Peter had been held in came rolling by.
“I’m gonna head home,” Ned said, eyeing Weasel from the side. “Just… text me when you’re done, okay? So you can tell me… whatever happened.”
Tony stared, eyes welled up with tears as he struggled to breath, to shake off this offle nightmare. This offle, offle nightmare that he was in. It couldn’t be real, it couldn’t be real!
For a split second, he was free falling, the air pushing up against him as he flailed and tried to reposition himself. Then, he finally managed to aim his wrist, shooting a web just in time to fling himself back up. He shot another wet, turning back to the smashed window where his aunt was standing at the edge, Connors hissing as he advanced.
“We can talk about this at the Tower,” Tony presses. “Seriously, this is gonna be a shit storm. The paperwork involved… Just come quickly and quietly and we can get this all sorted out.”
Tony pursed his lips, drumming his fingers on the armrest of his chair. “It had been kinda spur of the moment,” he started. “I had been out with Peter, kinda like our last undercover father son time before he left for highschool stuff. And we were walking downtown, and we walked past this jeweler's. And Peter had made a joke, or I think it was a joke, about when Steve was going to become his second dad, and I kinda laughed it off.
Well, that wasn’t exactly true. The first thing he did was panic. After all, he just watched his best and oldest friend disintegrate, and it left his wondering just who else fell victim to Thanos’ snap. Could Tony have fallen? Peter? Or were the two already dead, killed when Thanos went after the Time Stone held by Doctor Strange? Were Susan and Johnny okay? Was his family gone?
“No,” Steve says, voice sharp and hand fisting into his pocket. “I need to say this, need to show you-”
Startled, Steve looked up and stared. Bucky was scowling at him, glaring and confused. Steve stared more, Bucky glared more.
The blonde smiled, pausing to give Tony a peck on the lips before he went.
Tony smiled, and turned to walk out as Rhodey introduce him to the crowd. He stepped up to the podium with Peter still in his arms, ever the one to be different, and set him down to stand with Rhodey.
“Extra plating in the nethers,” Tony explained. “And stop being such a baby. You’ll heal. We’re going back to the Tower, and you can tell us exactly why you want that guy dead. Once we know, we can do this the less illegal way and take the guy in.”
“At long last is lasting a little long boys,” Nat cut in.
Just as Stane came to where he could see him, Tony went around, managing to get onto Stane’s back. He held on tight, using his gloved hand to punch in and pull out some wires. For a moment, Stane flailed, before managing to throw him off, taking his helmet, and opening up his own.
“Hey,” Steve said with a smile. “Thanks.”
He threw a hand over Tony’s shoulders, but Tony was having none of it. He pulled away, turned and picked up Peter, who seemed to realise they needed a way out. Peter yawned in his cutesy little way, big open mouth and a little fist rubbing his eyes. Tony gave is award winning smile, all fake, but still believable.
Happy entered the club at exactly 2:30 AM. Most people had already gone home, either drunk and alone or with some poor soul to keep them company for the night. Only the lost, desperate or hardcore ones were still left. Men dressed in leather or tight latex shot Happy some looks as he tried to locate the playrooms of the club.
Like it had said on the ads in front of the club it was a men only night. It sure wasn´t the first time Mr Stark had forced Happy into such a position but even after all those years it never got easier.
They arrived at the door of Steve´s bedroom where they stopped, Steve´s eyes were glued to the ground.
“When you showed up with that collar,” Steve said, avoiding Tony´s eyes, “I looked into that a little.”
Their eyes met for a long moment. Tony felt the heat spread on his face. He hadn´t showered, hadn´t slept, he was probably looking as terrible as he smelt.
“You know.... people who wear collars.” Okay, Steve was totally blushing right now but at least he managed to keep a straight face. “It doesn´t seem to be a... a queer thing nowadays. Straight people do it, too.”
“Money can take care of that, too,” Tony assured him, his eyes still closed, his whole body relaxed. He looked so peaceful like that. Steve had never seen him this way before but he was happy for his friend – no, his lover.
“What´s on your mind, Cap? Don´t fancy having a penis?”
“Tony,” he said as Tony entered the apartment. “Is there anything I can do for you?”
“Steve!” Tony shouted, back on his feet.
“It was just a guess. I know you had the hots for my dad so I thought I should at least try asking you out.”
“Hey,” he said, watching Tony´s every move. “Are you feeling better?”
“It´s okay,” Tony said calmly. He took the soldier´s hand and gently kissed the fingertips. It made Steve´s skin crawl with arousal.
“I have never in my entire life seen anyone eat so much food in so little time,” he mumbled.
It couldn´t be that bad, he told himself. At least, Steve hadn´t kicked him out, yet.
Tony felt as if he had been crushed by a car. He closed his eyes, taking deep breaths until the panic slowly subsided. Only the exhaustion stayed with him. He couldn´t bring up the courage to open his eyes so he just kept them shut until his breath evened out he was finally – finally! - falling asleep.
“No, I´m alright,” the soldier reassured. “Just tired.”
“Of course! You´re mine now and I take care of what is mine!”
“Penises of trans-men!” Tony´s voice was far too loud this early in the morning. “The surgeon takes a part of the forearm and forms a phallus that develops sensation over the course of a year. You can even get an erection rod and get a boner if you want to.”
Steve´s teeth sunk into the sensitive skin on Tony´s neck.
They ate at the kitchen table; bagels, eggs with bacon, milk and freshly cut fruit while a random pop song was playing on the radio. Tony couldn´t help but awe at the amount of food Steve was eating. Of the five bagels Tony brought Steve ate four, together with about a dozen eggs and ten stripes of bacon. He washed it down with two cups of coffee and half a gallon of milk.
Tony didn´t trust his voice enough to answer. Instead, his body went into autopilot. He undressed, turned the shower to the hottest setting and stepped under it. The hot water made him feel better for about five seconds.
Anxiously biting his lower lip the soldier tried to calm himself. He would tell Tony when the billionaire picked him up. If Tony had a problem with it he could politely get out of the situation. If he didn´t mind they could still go on a date. Tony wouldn´t use this information against him, right? They were friends. Of course Tony wouldn´t tell anybody.
“Do you want one?” Tony was looking at him waiting for an answer. He seemed to be even more excited than Captain America himself. “I can get you an appointment! You would have your very own dick within two weeks!”
“It´s nothing,” Tony heard himself say. “Can I use the bathroom real quick?”
“Did you two fuck?” Tony sounded bitter.
“Friday. Next week.” Steve stared into his coffee and smiled.
“Would someone please let him down, that would be nice.”
“Sure, I will,” he replied noncommittally just to end this conversation.
“Wh....where.... where´s Tony?” He swallowed, his mouth felt so dry. “Mr Stark.”
Steve moaned and could feel Tony chuckling against his skin.
“After my mother died... I was 18.”
The doors of the elevator opened and the two men stepped in. Steve felt trapped while Tony ordered JARVIS to bring them to the common floors where he wanted to pick up a bottle of wine from the kitchen.
“You wanna tell me now what brought you here?” Steve asked. “Or at least the last time you slept?”
“Yes,” Steve answered. He sounded out of breath. He couldn´t tell the other man. The night went so well, he had fun and he enjoyed kissing Tony. There was no way he was going to ruin that with a confession like this.
“No,” Steve hurried to answer. “We didn´t have....Fondue. We kissed once, that´s all.”
He shoved his tablet in Steve´s face. Captain America blinked twice and stared at the collection of dicks on the screen. Each picture had a description that said something like “9 months post-op”, “Two years post-op, patient has full sensation”.
He stabilized the billionaire as he was trying to walk. They ever so slowly made their way to the exit. It were moments like this when Happy seriously considered to quit his job. Tony was getting cum all over his suit and he could already feel the judging eyes of the lady at the dry cleaning establishment.
“It´s an honor, Sir,” he teased while Tony hid his face behind Steve´s broad shoulders.
Captain America´s long fingers disappeared between the billionaire´s black hair, gently scratching the scalp. The smaller man purred like a cat and moved into the other man´s touch. It was intimate in an entirely different way than their love-making (well, Steve had to admit that it was more fucking than love-making) last night.
“You are an angel, Steven Rogers. Do you even know that?”
Tony smiled at him before taking another bite of his own bagel. This was feeling pretty normal so far.
He sat down beside Steve and kissed him.
“I mean it,” Tony tried again. “Take the day off. I promise not to get into any situation that would require your help for a day.”
Tony´s lips caressed Captain America´s truly impressive chest, tiny kisses and gentle nibbling. It made Steve starting to feel hot under the blankets, the smell of sex still in the air. With a sigh he closed his eyes.
“Hey Tony. Has something come up?” Tony usually spent the days downstairs in his workshop. Sometimes he left this place to have dinner with the team but more often than not Steve wouldn´t catch a glimpse of him in days.
“I thought Thor was your favorite soldier.”
The billionaire rolled his eyes and jumped back onto his feet.
Speaking was too difficult at the moment. But he wanted to see if everything between his legs looked like he envisioned. He tried to sit up, his upper body covered by a white shirt. The nurse pushed him back into the pillows.
“Even my AIs can be wrong.” Tony hid his face in the hoodie.
Tony raised his eyebrows.
“I have stumbled upon the definition of a sub drop, a form of panic attack,” the soldier continued calmly. “Of course, I don´t know what you have been up to but... if you need anything...” He shrugged. “Just let me know and I promise I won´t tell a soul about it.”
“Thanks, but I´m fine.” Tony felt the anxiety rising in his chest again. He really needed to leave now. He abruptly stood up, his vision went white for just a second but he managed to stay upright. “I´m gonna go now. I really have had my fill of hospitality.”
Pouting, Tony took another sip from his coffee that probably consisted of more cream than actual coffee.
At 2:33 AM Happy entered the playroom, only to find his boss, Anthony Edward Stark himself, hanging from the ceiling, a rope around his wrists holding him up. About a dozen more or less ruffled and exhausted looking men in leather had gathered around him.
A loud, genuine laugh escaped the soldier. He pulled Tony closer to kiss him with a smile. Everything was going to be alright.
“Take your time, Cap.” The billionaire opened his dark, brown, beautiful eyes and they were so full of love and affection that it made Steve shudder in a good way. “You don´t have to make that decision today. Just... tell me if you made up your mind.”
“Less talking, more fucking, hm?”
“I guess I´m coming a bit early,” Tony chuckled at his own dirty joke. “Don´t worry – doesn´t happen that often, I promise.”
He managed to get Tony into the backseat, even closing the seat belt for him. Then they quietly made their way through the night back to the tower.
Tony pulled him into a kiss - their first public kiss! - and Steve couldn´t bring himself to close his eyes. His boyfriend looked so relaxed and excited about the phalloplasty at the same time. It obviously was important to Tony that Steve was happy.
The testosterone in combination with the super soldier serum made it hard for him to get wet enough for any intrusion. He should have told Tony, should have said something about his body being so unusual...!
The door was being opened just a little, still held by a small chain. Droplets of water were running down Steve´s forehead, his hair still wet from the shower.
They both laughed and it hurt but Steve didn´t mind. He didn´t mind being in the hospital for two weeks, he didn´t mind the pain, he didn´t mind the catheter nor the lack of physical activity. He just felt complete for the first time in his life.
This was pointless. He didn´t even know Steve, if he was being honest. They only ever met once and yes, they had fought a bunch of aliens side by side, but aside from that they weren´t really friends. Hell, Tony was only here because he stalked Steve and assumed he had been woken up by a nightmare. It was completely possible that Steve hated him. He should have never come here in the first place.
“Thought you would appreciate them,” the billionaire pouted, placed a vase at the nightstand and put the flowers inside.
“Did you even sleep at all?” The soldier asked pulling Tony closer to place a kiss on his shoulder blade.
“Don´t worry, Cap.” He licked his lips again and the simple gesture was enough to take Steve´s breath away. He was aroused only from the kiss they shared a few minutes earlier.
“Maybe,” he said, “we should go to your room then.”
His left arm was mostly useless so he had to ask the nurse to give him his phone. He had 76 unread messages from his team, 66 came from Tony.
During the next five minutes Steve told Tony more about dicks than the billionaire ever wanted to know. The smaller man nodded and tried to understand what his lover was talking about, but Steve was way too excited to care.
“I decide if I´m disappointed in you or not,” Steve tried to calm his friend, relaxing the arms he had crossed in front of his upper body. He didn´t want to fight with Tony.
By the time they arrived at the tower Tony was a little more clearheaded. He walked on his own to the elevator, absentmindedly running the thumb over the collar he was still wearing.
For a second he actually considered just leaving and hurling himself back into the Iron Man suit he had left in front of the building. But he went to the bathroom instead, spraying his face with cold water. Yep, he was still wearing the collar. There was no way in hell Steve could have overlooked it.  This was worse than all the walks of shame in his life combined.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Was that a “Yes, I know what a date is” or a “Yes, I´d like to go on a date with you”? Because I´m gonna drink a whole liquor store if I make a fool out of myself again, Rogers.”
“You are allowed to have visitors from 9 AM until 8 PM.”
“I even paid her to shut her mouth about that!” Tony huffed at the screen. “This little bitch! I will make her pay for that, I...!”
“Cap? Are you alright?” Tony asked.
The billionaire was wearing an expensive looking tuxedo. The decent make up he wearing could not cover up the slight blush on his face. He was too handsome. Steve was sure he would be able to look him into the eye.
“Hey Cap,” Tony said, placing himself comfortably in Steve´s space.
He had been to fancy restaurants before but this night was special. He was having a date at a place where there were way too many forks and knifes laying besides his plate. The soldier carefully watched Tony to prevent embarrassing himself in front of the billionaire. Not again. The evening already had been embarrassing enough.
“Tony.” Steve now looked directly at him, no way to escape his eyes. “You show up wearing a collar, being high on whatever drugs are popular these days, smelling like you just stumbled out of a really cheap brothel. I think I deserve an explanation.”
“We could pick up bagels on the way,” Tony suggested rather to himself than to JARVIS. He could hear the AI sigh.
Almost drowning in the oversized hoodie he left the bedroom. It was quiet in Steve´s apartment. Tony found the super soldier sitting in the living room, the tablet on his lap. The billionaire wanted to make a snarky remark about old people and technology but as soon as he entered Steve locked the tablet and practically threw it away as if he had been caught watching porn.
Steve sighed.
“Brought you bagels,” he said as enthusiastically as he could manage without his voice breaking. He noticed his hands were shaking.
“Sure.” Steve pointed down the hallway. “You wanna take a shower? You look like you need one.”
“But I really like you, Tony.”
“Good morning, Captain,” she said, obviously excited to meet the famous Avenger, but Steve felt too dizzy to care. “The operation went well. There were no complications and you didn´t even need a blood conserve.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He repeated this to himself while getting dressed. He chose a white dress shirt that was just a little bit to tight with a black vest on top. Nothing too fancy but hopefully elegant enough for a date with the Tony Stark.
“Of course I´m talking about you, Cap,” the billionaire laughed. “I wanted to do this for so long, I...”
When he opened his eyes Tony leaned above him, kissing his nose.
“I hate you, too, Stark.”
“No! No public sex! I already told you so.” He intended to sound rigid but he had to laugh halfway through.
The billionaire drove into the garage and opened the door for Steve who followed the other man to the elevator.
Just when Tony decided to retreat and drink himself to sleep to forget this embarrassing visit, Steve grabbed the bag with the bagels and made his way to the kitchen.
The intrusion was harsh but once the cockhead was inside taking the rest of the shaft was easy. Steve moaned loudly. He needed a second to check in with himself but the lust was overwhelming, washing away the dysphoria he usually felt about his crotch area.
And when they later made their way downstairs for breakfast Steve couldn´t stop smiling. Of course Natasha hat to make a few snarky remarks but he didn´t care. He was in love and he was happy for the first time since he went into the ice.
“The team will show up tomorrow. I thought you maybe wanted to rest today and not have ten thousand people asking you about your dick,” he chuckled.
Steve shook his head.
The billionaire fell onto his knees in front of him and the sight alone made Steve´s breath hitch. He noticed that Tony was opening his belt.
Tony was glowing. He smiled and laughed genuinely at the soldier´s stories from his childhood. While telling his own stories Tony always chose the right words. It was fun listening to him and whenever he talked about his robots his voice would go up a pitch. Steve couldn´t help but think about a proud mother talking about her children. He found it cute.
“Yes, I am free,” he answered. “Do you need help with one of your experiments?”
Steve smiled brightly at him, a happy, honest smile. Tony felt the soldier gently pulling him closer. Tony didn´t object. He let himself be pulled in a hug with no input of his own – or so he told himself when Steve wrapped his arms around Tony.
“Thank you, Tony. That means a lot to me.”
“Yes, I´d like to go on a date with you,” Steve smiled and watched how Tony´s shoulders relaxed.
He opened his mouth trying to make the words come out but for the first seconds he just rambled until his thoughts kept up with his body.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That can´t be helped,” Captain America answered. “There are more people like me out there, right?”
XxXXxX
The red light on the camera above the door flashed rapidly for a second, before turning turning green. Steve felt his heart leap, holding his breath as Natasha tensed at his side. Then, without any trouble, the teens opened to door.
“Lucky's a service animal,” Clint said, and pressed a button in the elevator.
“Don’t tell Peter wh- Holy shit!”
From the team, he got the usual. He didn't really need or want anything, so most of the time they just got him cards or promised to do something special with him. Wanda and Pietro still tried, though, and gave him a necklace charm that they had apparently come up with together. Vision had apparently helped.
When Tony finally returned home, he was exhausted. He was so tired, mentally and physically, but still glad to be home.
Then, after a few minutes, he saw none other then Deadpool claw his way over the edge of the helicarrier. His night patrol partner huffed, flopping onto his back for a moment as Peter felt the pieces click into place, and he felt so stupid. There were to many similarities between the two, from their backgrounds and professions, to their favorite foods and colors. And the way his dad defended Deadpool… God, his dad had known! But if Deadpool was Wade then… God, that meant that the reason Wade left was to look for a cure for his cancer, which led to him being Deadpool.
“No,” Steve said. “No, you need to stay here. Work on damage control. Wakanda is full of resources and powerful people. If they fall, and less then good intentioned people get in, we could be looking at complete anarchy. Vibranium weapons out in the world that never should have been. So you need to stay. Try and rally the people while we try to find anyone that’s left. You can come and meet us later with the suit.”
“Because I’m constantly stalking the little shit,” Wade grumbled. “He comes here every thursday with his friends after his Academic Decathlon meeting…”
“Peter turned out pretty good,” Harry added.
“Rhodey,” Tony said seriously. “I’m working on something big. I came to talk to you. I want you to be a part of it.”
“Tony?” Wade called.
XxXXxX
“Oh…” Deadpool blinked, clearly unsure of what to say. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
Steve was… livid. He was angry, he was upset.
“Friday, can it wait?” Steve asked. “We’re kind of watching something.”
“I already told you Mr. Stark,” the doctor said, scowling at him. “I can’t tell you. You aren’t on Mr. Wilson’s list of people I can tell. In fact, he doesn’t have a list. I can’t share the details of his case with anyone but those working on it.”
When they got on the jet, Steve was tired. He set down his shield, stretched, and high fived Bucky, and went to find Tony. His boyfriend had been rather quiet since they had retrieved the scepter, and when you have a title like ‘team loudmouth’ or ‘the no filter talker’, silence is rather concerning.
His two friends stared at him, then at each other, then spoke as one.
“Tony,” Rhodey gasped.
“Tony,” Steve breathed in return. “You’re here. You’re… What happened to you?”
Tony thought it was cringe worthy, the way he said that. So fucking cringe worthing. Great cover up, Stark. Steve seemed to think so to, and pursed his lips, looking rather uncomfortable. God, why did Tony always fuck up?!
“See?” Tony started, beaming. “I eat-”
"Don't move," Bruce's voice said, sharp and commanding. Tony squinted at him, the wetness dripping down his chin. "He's still awake. The stone isn't thick at the base. Maybe just an inch, inch and a half, at point of entry. I'm surprised it's held. But I won't be able to do anything until he's off this spike."
“Peter,” he heard Rhodey say. “Where’s Tony?”
"Another ping," Bruce said from across the room, by another computer. "In Asia, this time."
“Well I’m getting bored,” Bucky groaned as Tony does another loop around the barrier.
Tony watched as Steve turned, looking pensive. He wasn't looking at Tony, which worried him. Had Steve… Was Steve never going to heal? Were they going to lose Captain America? Because Tony didn't think he could be out in the field like he used to. He was getting old, with too many injuries, and the work was getting to be too much. For the team to lose both of them, together, would be a devastating blow.
Nothing changed for them at school. They still sat together at lunch, and Wade walked him to all his classes and sometimes carried his books. The only thing that really changed was that on late days, when Peter had a decathlon meet up or was just staying late, Wade would stay back to walk Peter back to the Tower. They’d take their time, Wade bringing his old skateboard to show Peter how to ride it.
"Wade," he said as he came down the last few steps, catching both men's attention. "Do you know where the last two stones are?"
They moved to the car, Tony carrying Peter with him. God, he felt so heavy. Was Peter supposed to be that heavy, or was it just because he was five? He’d ask Friday about it later.
“Did we get an invite to that, Jay?” Tony asked, playing with the suit's faceplate.
Stupid! It wasn't a date! Steve wasn't gay. Right? No, no, he couldn't be. And even if he was, there was no way that he'd be interested in Tony, Steve had made it very- fairly? -clear that this was a ‘thank you’ dinner. Not a ‘I like you and maybe want to marry you and have babies together’ date.
“I’ll tell you about it,” he continued. “On the way to Tony’s tower. We’re going to make you better. Hydra isn’t going to hurt you anymore. My team- me and Tony and Nat and a ton of others- will help you through this, okay?”
“Friday!” he cried. “Friday, I need to see them! Stark and Rogers! I need- I need to-!”
Taking as deep of a breath as he could, Peter strained against the now fraid strap, and beamed as it snapped. Quickly, he undid the other two, and moved the long sleeves of Wade’s hoodie to cover his hands, help shield them if only a little, from the blade, and carefully pushed it up and out of the glass just enough to open the top.
The twins are distracting much of the team at the moment, those that had nothing to do but wait. Steve couldn't blame the team for taking every distraction they could. There was nothing they could do, after all…
“I thought you were driving with Peter.”
“It’s what we do. We’re iron mongers. We make weapons.”
“It’s who?”
XxXXxX
The first thing Steve does is order everyone he can reach over comms to meet him under the panther statue outside the palace.
“We need a boat,” Steve said, turning back to the group. “If we can’t fly, we’ll have to sail.”
“Listen to me, Tony,” Obie said, frowning at Peter. “We’re a team. Do you understand? There’s nothing we can’t do if we stick together, like your father and I.”
Just then, he heard gunfire from down below. The Avengers? No, he didn’t see Iron Man anywhere, nor did he see Falcon or Vision. If he strained his ears, he could faintly hear Captain America, though, along with the sound of the shield bouncing off of stuff.
And in that moment, everything changed. Before this, when he thought about the people he would leave behind if he somehow died, when he wrote his will not long ago, he'd thought of Pepper first. He left the company to Pepper, then some of his stocks and fortune to Rhodey. Happy would get enough money to keep him healthy and happy for all the shit he'd given him. Then some money to his nannies, for helping to much. Then Obie, a few other people. Then he'd thought of Peter.
“Oh,” Wade says as he clenches his fists. “I’m gonna rip his mother fucking…” A phone began to ring, and Wade pointed at the messy table. “Find it.”
Just then, the jet he was under turned, belly towards the other jet. And dear god was he fucked! The jet rolled, and he lost his grip. He flew back, hitting a wing. The pilot flew out, caught for a second in the explosion, and fell. No chute was deployed, and Tony turned, acting fast, to go help him out. The second jet followed, and Tony just had just enough time to get the man’s chute open before Jarvis reengaged evasive maneuvers.
“It's the Fourth of July,” Tony said, a brow raised. “You know, Independence Day, your birthday, fireworks in the sky?”
XxXXxX
“Friday,” Tony said instead, humming to himself as he put Peter down. “Clear his schedule for the rest of the day- No, the rest of the week, at least. And get me a carseat, to. Also, tell the nannies they won't be needed anymore.”
“Bogey spotted!” someone in the background shouted.
“I said I would talk to him,” his dad said, aggressively tapping at the tablet. “I just- I need to figure out why he was after that specific guy!”
“How big are your hands?”
Wade turned away, looking off to the side as he picked up the phone again. He waved it, showing off the comments section of a web page. “And you guys? Don’t worry. I’ll get revenge for what she did you our precious boy. After all… That was just cruel. Killing the son in the fathers arms. Really. Even the guys I murder aren’t that terrible.”
“I never got to say goodbye to Dad,” Tony said as he looked first to Obie, then to Peter. “I never got to say goodbye to my father. There’s questions that I would have asked him. I would ask him how he felt about what this company did. If he was conflicted, if he ever had doubts. And not just about the company.”
“Thor. I got eyes on the prize.”
Wade hated lying to Peter, but he just couldn’t see him right now. Honestly, he was actually at the ‘fuck it’ stage. There was nothing that he could do. Almost all the treatments he could use for one of his different kinds of cancers would have side effects that would only make the others worse. There really was nothing he could do.
"What about Tony?" Bruce asked, a few murmurs of agreement spreading across the table. "He should be here."
Peter went stock still for a moment, before wrapping himself so tightly around Tony, he almost couldn't breath, not that he could in the first place. Tony held his son, one hand holding him close at his back, and then the other threaded through Peter’s messy brown hair.
“You sound like you’re talking from experience,” Deadpool said, chuckling as he followed him. “Got another merc you’re hanging out with?”
It did, thank god, and he went inside to start poking around. He took out the rest of the soldiers inside, while Steve went to find Strucker. Once the room was clear, he stepped out of the suir, going to look around while the suit went into sentry mode. Hm…
It was in that second, just as he was about to reach the gate, that he realized he wasn’t the same as he was. He didn’t look the same anymore. His face was scarred, hideous, and he was bald, to. Peter wasn’t vein, but… There was no way even Peter, as loving as he was, could love Wade’s fork-stabbed butter face.
He picked up the phone, putting it to his ear.
Turning, he saw his reflection in the glass of the doors. In a fit of rage he blew them all out, then went and dressed in a tight body suit, to get in the armor. He let it form around him, connecting with the arc reactor.
The words felt like a taunt to Steve’s ears, and he decided that he’d had enough. He turned, leaving the enhanced cell in the mansions celler, and went back upstairs. Tony and Bruce were toiling away in the lab to try and use their device to search for the other stones. So far, it hadn’t been going very well.
The thunderous, booming click, of a snap.
But Steve smiled, pressing a button to send them both to the communal kitchen a few floors down. “We'll go on our date some other time. How about Friday?”
So, can anyone pick out the foreshadowing for the next chapter? There are also some references to other fandoms, like quote or mentions, that are in this chapter for other things I watch/read, if you can find those. Or are there any questions about things that don't quite make sense? Put them in the comments, and I will do my best to reply quickly!
“I said it’s Rhodes,” he said again, this time a bit louder.
“Didn’t? Well, good, because that would be… outlandish and fantastic.” Christine made a face, so he tried again. “I’m just not the hero type. Clearly. With this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I’ve made, largely public.”
Peter was only a kid, just 14, but he was Tony's kid. A smart kid that understood most of what Tony said. Tony loved him, so much, and he valued Peter's opinion above all else. Though, Steve was a close second, with Rhodey and Pepper tied for third. Which is why when Steve went out to help Coulson with some new recruit training, Tony called Rhodey.
Instantly, his Dad froze. Peter wanted to take it back, stuff the words back into his mouth and never let them out. He didn't need to know if asking made his dad upset.
“Oh no,” Nat said. “Only I get to say that. You didn’t see the sextual tension during the whole Hydra thing. That was so intense, it was ridiculous.”
Connors was nowhere in sight.
“So you’ve been around for three months, and never said anything to Peter?”
“Oh good,” Weasel's voice groaned from behind the bar before his head of mop hair popped up. “I thought I was going to have to tell the US government you died for Iron Man and Captain America. Who's the other guy?”
Peter was having
He stepped off the assembler, using a repulsor to push his ruined car out of the way of the hole in the ceiling. With quick steps, he moved into place, Jarvis and Friday still rebooting but online. Turning back to Rhodey and Peter, he smiled, eyes watering. He took in the sight of them, not sure if he would come back from this.
“It’s my name on the side of the building.”
XxXXxX
Tony wants to say something, tell Steve that they’re having this talk here and now, but he hears the beep of Friday’s final installation, and knows that it’s time to go.
This deserved some practical testing, though. Some real life, outside the safetynet testing! So he pulled on one of Thor’s hoodies, the man had to many anyway, and put on his old spider legs backpack just in case, started walking around New York, looking for an empty alley that he’d seen some older kids do parkour in. It wasn’t to hard, and he pulled up the hood to take a running jump and grab onto the edge of a fire escape. With ease, he pulled himself up, biting his lip and doing a backflip off the edge to flip back and grab onto the opposite wall. Lifting one hand from the wall, he aimed at the lip of the roof, chewing his lip as he shot the strand of webbing. So far, so good.
Tony would later admit that he legitimately forgot about the surprise party. Though he denied it for several weeks afterword, everyone saw the way he jumped when the elevator door had opened for everyone to shout ‘surprise’ only for the majority of Steve's party guests to cover their eyes at the way Steve had Tony pinned to the wall while Tony's legs had been around Steve's waist.
“Jay,” Tony said jokingly. “Sleeping on the job isn't part of your protocols. What's goin’ on?”
So there he was, relaxing on the couch with Steve, a tablet in hand as Steve watched some Christmas movie. The one about the reindeer. Tony wasn’t as interested, and simply leaned on Steve as he was tapping away at plans and paperwork.
XxXXxX
“Phil!” the archer’s voice shouted through the Quinjet speakers. “Phil, how far out are you? We need Bruce!”
Tony closed the door softly behind him as he exited Peter's room.
“I know,” Tony wheezed as he closed his eyes. “I don’t have long, Pep. So I gotta make this quick.”
The fight had been crazy. Really, Tony was getting tired just thinking about it. They had everyone there, and Wade Wilson had even showed up. They didn’t even lose anybody! Well, except for Bruce, since the Hulk had taken a quinjet and just… ollie-outied. Natasha took it pretty hard. Thor left afterwards, something about finding the rest of the stones, and having to say goodbye to Jane to.
Steve scowled. “Charlie Bravo 42 Echo, Whiskey Tango 19-20, Rogers.”
“You do,” Steve eventually said. “We grew up together. When we were kids, we were always together.”
“Am I right? We haven’t had a breakthrough in what? Thirty years?”
“Sorry, Boss. Baby Boss still needs his bath, and I can get the water started now, if you want.”
"No," Steve sighed, bending to pick up Johnny when the little blond made little grabby hands for him from the floor. "He won't talk. Only said we couldn't get the other stones without the one Wilson took. What about on your end?"
The third week was tours. They'd go to several different science centers in the city and get a tour of the facilities. These locations included the Baxter Building, Oscorp, and Avengers Tower. The Avengers Tower was going to be fun, since they might get to meet the team and see some of the gear that they used. Of course, Peter had already seen all of the gear, even helped fix some of it, but he just wanted to spend a few years as a normal kid, so he would pretend that he didn't.
It was then that Peter brought out the package Pepper had left them days ago. They opened it, together, to see the old reactor mounted on a little pedastal. Around it read ‘Proof That Tony Stark Has the Biggest Heart.’ Peter couldn’t help but grin and point at it. That was his idea. That was his daddy’s award. And Tony could only hug him, and accept it.
“I need all the guns!”
“Yeah,” Lewis said, voice much to sassy. “You invited us.”
Tony stood, tossing the screwdriver aside. Then, the reporter talked about a woman whose husband had been kidnapped. He looked at it, then turned, and raised the gauntlet. It whirled, and fired a blast over the workshop. A light sparked and clanged as it fell, and Tony felt anger welling in his chest.
“Osborn Jr,” his dad said, eyes narrowed. He then turned and grinned brightly at the other three. “And Peter's other friends! I've met two of you before. Sorta. For, like, two minutes. And Miss Toomes. I've met your mother. How is she? Not doing to bad in the cubicles right?” In usual fashion, his dad didn't give anyone a chance to respond, turned to the fridge as he snapped his fingers. “Friday, do the… the thing. Call everybody up. We're gonna get this party going. Turn on the music, blow the poppers. Start taking some pictures.”
Aside from Steve, Bucky got along with Darcy and Peter the best. For some reason, Darcy liked hanging around on his floor, which was losing its cage like defensive measures, and just told him she had ‘beaten a god with his own element’ and that she wasn't ‘scared of some pussy with a metal arm’. Bucky… actually like her. Steve had even pointed out that maybe Bucky could ask her on a date.
"Rest first," Steve insisted, much to Tony's carnage. "Shower, have some food, and spend some time with the kids. We'll have a team meeting tomorrow."
Pepper looked up at Tony, the baby- the boy-
“I feel like I’m gonna puke,” he said, and it was true. His face scrunched up, and he was starting to taste bile in the back of his throat. “Can I talk to Principal Morita about calling my dad?”
“There’s something I want to say first,” Steve cut in again, letting go of Tony. “Really, I need to say this.”
Wait… That morning… On the bridge…
XxXXxX
At that, she actually rose a hand, holding it up in a stop motion. She looked maybe just a bit panicked. "But you don't know what I have planned!"
“How do you even know he’s going to be here?” Weasel asked, scanning with him.
He didn’t have long to wait before he understood. A call was coming through the comms, Barton’s voice sharp and urgent.
than better. A superhero.”
“Why didn’t you say anything earlier?”
“Daddy!” Peter was cheering, jumping on the bed, and on Tony. “Daddy, wake up!”
“How about no,” Deadpool said, and Steve could see the muscles in the man’s legs tense in preparation for a jump.
He swung up, reaching out to catch her. For a moment, he thought he was going to miss, that his fingers would just barely touch hers, and then she would fall, fall so far down, to smash against the sidewalk. But his arm caught around her waist, pulled her close, and he swung up towards the ledge. Connors stood there, looking absolutely shocked, and in a fit of anger, lept from the window towards them.
When Tony left for Afghanistan, Pepper had taken charge of Peter, and brought him with her to wave him off at the strip. Tony didn't do anything other say give Peter's hair a ruffling before getting on board with Rhodey.
There was nothing to do about it now, Tony knew. So he laid his head back, and closed his eyes. He let everything fade away into nothingness around him, and just let himself go numb. Through the growing emptiness, there was only one sound before everything went completely dark. One sound, crisp and clear, as if it were coming from all around him.
An alarm blared, loud and unyielding, as Friday's voice came sharp. "Boss, Captain! The cells-"
“What happened over there?”
"And the Starks?" Coulson asked.
His limbs felt heavy, and he desperately wanted nothing more then to lay down and let them stay that way. But he had to move, had to… find a way home. Peter… Peter was… But Johnny and Susan might still be alive. They might still be waiting for him.
Welp, there's the Deadpool chapter! Up next... Civil War.
“-with the day saved by not the Avengers or the police, but a new hero known only as the Spiderman.” The newscaster finished. “But speaking of the Avengers, where are they? Well, the answer is simple. Sokovia, nearly a thousand miles up, fighting an army of robots!”
Quickly, Tony reached out, picking up the basket by the handle, doing his best not to touch the kid. The baby squirmed, making Tony flinch and fidget himself. He carried the basket as far from him as he could placing it on the table.
Please note that I was trying my best to write Peter as he'd be as an awkward pre-teen. His characterization will be almost everywhere for possibly another chapter or two.
Before Steve could even register what Tony was saying, the console beeped, signalling a call from a Dr. Cho.
“We get that alot,” Coulson sighs, though Tony’s eyes were wandering over the whispering crowd. “Listen, I know this must be a trying time for you, but we need to debrief you. There’s still a lot of unanswered questions, and time can be a factor with these things. Let’s just put something on the books. How about the 24th at 7pm, at Stark Industries?”
When he left Peter tugged on Wade’s old hoodie and dug out the board from his bag to board home. Just as he left the gates, he paused, a shiver running down his spine. At first, he thought it was his Spidey-sense. But this was different… This was… safe? With a glance around, Peter shook his head, and turned to head home
Wade felt his chest tighten, and let out a soft laugh as the suits mask was pulled off. Peter snorted, reaching up to pop the staples holding the cutout of Ryan Reynolds face off of Wade. Once it was gone, Wade waited with baited breath as he watched Peter rake his eyes over his face. And then, Wade felt his heart flutter as Peter actually smiled-
When Peter turned back around, Harry was the first one to get it. He went wide eyed, and then tight lipped, as he looked Peter over. Ned and Gwen were still staring at the room, and Wade was neutral, already dropping onto the couch.
Once Weasel was seated, Wade went on to explain what happened. He’d called up Smith, and gotten taken to a place called the Workshop, when Francis injected him with some liquid and then tortured him for apparently months. Then, when that didn’t work and Wade got a little to cheeky, Francis put him in a shit box until he mutated. Good news was, he wasn’t dying of… well, anything, now. Bad news, his face was fucked up to hell.
“I’m not doing anything to dangerous,” Peter reassured, trying to shake the feeling off. “Just… relaxing tonight. Dad and Pops are arguing again.”
When they finally pulled apart, Steve hummed and smiled. “I'm very interested in you, Tony. I have been for a very long time.”
A soft smile tugged at Tony’s lips. “Language, Cap.”
“Come on Great-Grandpa Peter,” the boy said. “We need to get you back to the house.”
“And it also wants to kill us and the entire world.”
The first time it happened, he was sitting in his workshop, taking a break and checking on how everyone was doing in the tower. He'd seen Natasha and Clint in the gym, and then Bruce in his lab, and Thor off on Asgard. Steve, on the hand, was on the roof, lounging in a chair and drawing in a book. The camera was at just the right angle to let Tony see the amazing drawing of the New York skyline, the Iron Man swooping over the buildings.
“Well, how are you going to do that?”
But that was going to change.
“Screw it,” he laughed. “I'm gonna go see Aunt Pep. Get some pictures when I leave.”
“Peter,” he said, shifting the box around. “Is your dad here? I need to talk to you.”
He fell to his knees, chest heaving as he felt a wave of hopelessness wash over him. Where they already gone? Had they gone looking for Peter when he didn’t come home? Was he to late?
STARK: I do not.
“But how are we supposed to do that?” Bruce asked.
“So,” his Dad said as Peter was settling into bed. He knew he was to old for it now, but Peter loved it when his Dad tucked him in and it was only on special occasions now. “Was the day as great as you had dreamed?”
“Where you wanna go, bud?”
“I asked Dad if I could try being normal at school,” Peter explained, heading for the fridge. “So he organized with Principal Morita for me to be registered under my mothers last name, so only he knows who my dad is.”
Tony couldn't have Jarvis be in charge of the nannies, since he needed him in the lab. So, on a whim, Tony built a
are a team. And we’ll be a team for a long time, so we won't keep any secrets. Not anymore. So we’ll lay everything out on the table now, before we land. And when we get back to the Tower, we’ll tell Peter that you’re officially going to be his Pops, okay?”
“Yes,” Steve said instantly. “Dinner when we get back? Tomorrow? 8 o’clock?”
“Tony and I,” Steve said, a smile slowly splitting his face. “We’ve cleared everything up. No more lies with each other. Not even the little things. We’re going to try to be completely honest with each other.”
Tony could only smile. “Yeah, really. Steve, we’re heroes. More importantly, we’re a team. Not just part of the Avengers team, but you and I.
So end of chapter two and done with Iron Man 2! Next up, the Avengers!
“What about Jane?” Hill asked, looking around. “And Darcy? Where are the ladies, gentlemen?”
“Yep,” Tony said. “I'm gonna go to dinner with Pep and Rhodey! I'll be back later!”
One of the first things he did was rewrite his will. The Avengers would get half his fortune, and the deed to the Tower, meaning the tourist attractions on the lower floors would continue making money. That, in connection with the money he would leave them, should leave the team feeling safe and comfortable for at least another decade or two. Maybe three if they were frugal with the spending. He also left them Jarvis, who he would have to upgrade one last time and rewrite some protocols before he kicked the bucket.
“If by ‘that’, you mean a strange substance being ejected from your wrist, then yes, Baby Boss. I did get ‘that’.”
"Fill us in," Clint ordered. "Who's still around? Who did we lose?"
Then there was a hiss, and it wasn’t emotions tightening Peter’s chest. He tried to breathe, the air being sucked out of his lungs as he tried to think. He could hear the two men talking, but he couldn’t hear what was being said as his ears started ringing. Then, with a strange cracking sound, Peter could breathe again. He looked down, finding one of Wade’s katanas embedded in the glass by his wrist.
A little drunk, and with nothing else to do, Wade wandered over to the guy in the booth. He was a real Grim Reaper looking guy. All he was missing was a scythe. Wade figured if this kind of guy was coming to him, it would either cure him or kill him faster. And, well, he didn’t have much to lose, now.
So he fought hard. And he fought bloody. His fists landed each hit he could, the knuckles of his gloves tearing and leaving the skin underneath raw and bloody. He didn't hesitate, and fought with a rage that refused to die until Thanos was dead.
The next day, Tony regretted telling Peter he could wake him up. He regretted it so fucking much. But, what he regretted most was the five year old sized bruise forming on his ribs.
While he hadn’t had time to think about it during the whole Hydra thing, he’d met a lot of people and learned a lot about himself and this new world. With the easy to use phone Tony had made sure he had, he’d started using social media, posting his photos and chatting with people from all around. He’d met people on the road, too.
Tony took a deep breath to retort, the sharp words on the tip of his tongue, only to be silenced as Wade started to rouse from his sleep. The kid groaned and started to sit up, only for the doctor to ease him back down.
“Yensin?” Peter asked, looking up at the sound of a familiar name. Tony had, of course, told Peter all about how he escaped with Yensin’s help. He hadn’t had the heart to tell him that Yensin was dead, and instead said Yensin returned to Gulmira.
“No,” she said quickly. “No, I got it. I can do it.”
“That?” Peter asked, eyes wide.
There was, of course, no answer.
“That… That actually sounds great. Meet at eleven?”
It was then that Steve realized he hadn’t thought it over that much. He didn’t really know modern day New York like it had been in the 40’s because, well, it wasn’t the 40’s anymore. The buildings had changed, and there were different shops, or shops where apartments used to be, and everything was so different. Hell, the Dodgers weren’t even in New York anymore! How was he supposed to take Tony out on a date when he didn’t even know what was still standing and what was rubble.
“Hello?”
Tony spent the next hour after they captured Barnes building a containment unit just to move Barnes back to New York. JARVIS and FRIDAY were building up a reinforced floor, adjusting the defense system to keep the Soldier as well as others out. It was a lot of work, but Natasha was busy with appeasing the masses- Well, working with Pepper to appease the masses- while Steve was trying to talk to the Soldier through the window of the barely holding containment unit Barnes was currently in.
“That sucks,” Harry said. “Do you think they’ll get divorced?”
Mrs. Warren told them they'd set up their beds first, and then they would do an activity to get to know each other. Peter glanced at the other three students, and unrolled his sleeping bag. He set his backpack at the foot of the fluffy bag, and opened it up to pull his ‘toiletry’ box out to put by the head of his bed. He was wearing glasses, not that he really needed them, they were just part of the ‘Peter Parker’ disguise. He'd put them in the box with his phone and the emergency pocket repulser his dad invented just for this when he went to sleep at night.
For a moment, Yensin said nothing. He looked at Tony curiously, frowning ever so lightly. Tony was having a major freak out and all Yensin did was stare at him. He was horrified with his own actions. If he continued this way, Peter could end up as bad as him… God, the only thing he probably did right was make Friday! Friday was like Peter’s Jarvis, and Jarvis was… Jarvis was Tony’s life line…
“Get down here. I need you.”
Coulson gave him that smiled. “That’s what happened.”
“Don’t worry, Pep,” Tony assured, heading to follow Peter into the elevator. “I’ll get right on it when we get back from dinner.”
“No,” Peter said, heading for the elevator. “He's busy with all that stuff happening… wherever he is. Dad doesn't need to be bothered with this. I'll run the tests. You help Dad with the murder bot, okay? I’ll call if I need you.”
“Reminder that Baby Boss likes waffles for breakfast. There are frozen ones in the freezer. Just put them in the toaster.”
Clint chuckled, opening the door. A dog, almost identical to the one Clint had brought with him to the Tower, barked and bounced towards them. “Safehouse,” he said, petting the dog. “Fury helped me set it up when I joined. Off the books, you know?”
“I’m pretty sure this is some kind of couples squabble,” Bruce started. “And normally I wouldn’t get in the middle of it, but do you know what you’re doing? She’s not in your head?”
“We’re going to go see Uncle Rhodey,” Tony said. “Go get your shoes and a jacket. And meet me in the lab”
“The Quinjet,” Rhodes said, crossing his arms to think. “We can use it to get back the mansion and pick anyone up. Natasha and I can-”
“I don’t really know what to tell you,” Bucky said, shifting uncomfortably. “But of they can’t get over this, then maybe they don’t deserve you as a friend.”
“Whoa,” Tony blinked, as the Soldier whipped around to scowl at him. “Sleeping Beauty is up. Come on, sit. Wanna reattach the arm.”
XxXXxX
Tony heaved a sigh as he sat in his lab, rubbing his temples. He was rewatching the footage of what had happened in the cells, hours before, for the umpteenth time.
“What should I do with this?” Pepper asked, holding up the old arc reactor as Peter ran in, three little toys in his arms. Though, he dropped them in favor of being picked up.
“Wow,” Wade laughed. “Captain America and Iron Man’s wedding! That’s going to be the wedding of the year! Think I can take the pictures? If you’re doing a private wedding, those would be worth a fortune!”
Once everything was ready, he went to bed. In the morning, he gave Weasel his instructions, and went to meet with Smith. And fuck, that was definitely in his top ten list of Worst Decisions Ever.
“You’re both busy,” Bucky said, fiddling with the remote to his TV, looking at some kind of foreign cartoon. “And your team doesn’t know.”
“That you had cancer,” Peter said, his face smoothed in a sort of understanding that made Wade feel like he didn’t deserve it. “I’m guessing that week you wouldn’t see me was you trying to figure things out. And then when you went missing, that was when you got taken into Weapon-X? By the time you escaped, Weasel would have already brought the box to me, and everyone would think you were dead.”
XxXXxX
“Okay. Peter, say goodbye to Rhodes.”
Gwen was kind of weird to talk to, though. For whatever reason, she didn't talk to him the way she talked to Harry or Ned. She was a bit quieter, almost shy, though she always smiled when Peter asked if he could take a picture. She seemed happy to let him take her picture, but always more enthusiastic then Harry or Ned were. Maybe she was just photogenic?
“Yeah, well, I need your help right now.”
“Peter,” MJ called as she rolled up with Gwen, interrupting his thoughts. “Some guy just stopped us by the fence, asking about you.”
Tony looked up how long he had to live. Could be anywhere from six weeks to three months. He needed to start getting things ready for when he was gone.
Peter goes to summer school and meets an ittsy bitsy spider, and Tony may or may not have mad a murder-bot. It was an accident!
“You don’t know Tony like I do.” Steve insisted. “He’d do anything to make things right.”
"You should be resting," Steve was saying. "You just got back, and the twins need someone they know to be here with them."
“No,” Tony said, glancing down at Pepper below. “I’m making my son proud. Pepper!”
"Washington DC?"
Peter stared at it, rash forgotten, and gently played with it in his fingers. “What is it?”
Before Weasel could reply, Wade hung up, searching for at least slightly clean clothes before pulling them on. Jamming his feet into his civilian shoes, Wade took off, running all the way to Midtown high. Weasel was already there waiting, and he slowed to a fast walk as he sucked in heavy breaths to try and calm himself.
Peter wanted to ask, but his Dad had been so excited to do the whole ‘first year as a teen’ birthday party. His Dad had an entire big party planned, one that would be just the Avengers and close friends. Before that, however, they were gonna do a day of father-son, hit the town sort of things. Just them, just fun goofing off. They wore suit jackets over band t-shirts and jeans, shades, did their hair the same.
“Would you two just get down here so we can celebrate your engagement?”
XxXXxX
"How manys that now?" Tony asked, putting his head in his hands.
“Peter,” his dad’s voice came out sharp, a sigh of relief. “Thank god, you picked up. You know that Ultron thing we were talking about a while back?”
getting kidnapped and a car battery attached to his chest.
She looked over her shoulder and gave a little nod. Steve was prepared to see another stranger step forward, someone that would have had enough experience to shut Friday down. Instead, a familiar man stepped out from around the corner. He was ragged, with dirt dusting his clothes and thinner then Steve had ever seen him, with a pouch hanging from a long cord around his neck. Still, Steve would recognize him anywhere.
Ready to try calling Agent Smith, he just needed to get everything in order. He’d mostly told him no so he could buy himself some time, to try and get his goodbye’s in order. Wade would call him up in the morning, once he had everything ready. He just had to write Peter a letter, and figure out what would happen to his stuff if he didn’t come back.
Taking a deep breath, she walked back over to the desk, picking up the lock chip. She looked at it, then back at him, before smiling.
Mrs Warren smiled, though she looked a little surprised. “Very good, Mr. Parker. Who wants to go next?”
“Peter,” she gasped, moving to hug him. “Where were you?”
But in front of him was an even more horrifying scene. On a mound, cold and lifeless, was everyone he’d ever cared about. The Hulk lay twitching, looking more red then green with wounds and scrapes, Natasha laying on the ground next to him, eyes open and empty of life. Clint, bow still in hand, was scrunched into place where he’d tried to make his last stand, even as he died covered in blood. Thor lay motionless, Rhodey and Pepper leaned up against him, and Steve crumbled just beneath them.
But then five minutes past, and then ten more, and soon it was nine-twenty, and Wade was full on panicking. Was Spidey not coming? Why? Why wasn’t Spiderman here? Wade needed his help!
“Access denied. Emergency Lockdown in progress. Proper key required.”
“I don’t hate it,” Peter confirmed as he led the way back to the roofs. “But I don’t really agree with it either. It’s just necessary, sometimes. Some people can’t get the help that they need because of where they live or what they did in the past, and that’s really to bad. But some mercenaries can help those people when police and superheros can’t.”
Steve could hear Tony snickering in the suit, and he cleared his throat to remind his husband what they came here for in the first place.
Tony blinked, looking up to find Steve leaning against the wall. “You heard that, huh?”
Finally done! Okay, here is the Civil War chapter! I'm sorry it took so long, but it actually hurt to write the second half of this. I mean, it physically hurt. Now I understand why my best friend calls me evil... Anyway, enjoy!
Steve knew she was right. Tony would have put a plan in place for every possible situation. The twins would be fine, at least until Tony or Rhodes came back. For now he could stay focused. Getting New York in order and reinstating their communications.
Like the champ she was, Pepper took deep breaths, reaching in to attach it to the base plate as he started to feel dizzy. And, just like that, he was back to life, giving a shout of surprise. Pepper jumped, though she thankfully didn’t yank out the reactor, and slid it into place. He laughed, watching her as she stared at her plasma covered hands.
He felt like he was going to be sick, and reached into his backpack to pull out his phone. There was a message from his dad about going on a mission, and being back in time to meet him in the Tower when he got back. Peter sent him a text saying that it was fine, and to not worry about meeting him at the Tower. But if his father was out on mission, that means he couldn’t call to get permission to leave early.
“No,” Tony said, Peter still clinging to him, though he seemed interested in the soft glow of the arc reactor under his shirt.
XxXXxX
Reaching up, he pulled the ring off his finger, the cool metal feeling like it burned as he did, and set the ring on the chopping stump. “Why don’t you take that back until you feel like you can trust me to do what I think is right.”
Wade took the shot, blowing Francis’s brains across the ground. Steve jumped, face screwing up.
She reached in, making a disgusted face. When he hand touched the plasma discharge, she looked about ready to run. Then she made a comment on the smell, and hey! That was just rude. She eventually got the wire, starting to pull it out. As she pulled, it touched the walls, and Tony jerked.
“I fought Thanos on Titan. Had help from this group called the ‘Guardians’. We almost had him, but one guy made a mistake. Thanos… He got the Time Stone and got away. There was nothing we could do. I was… I was the only survivor.”
“Everyone has secrets,” Bucky said, sipping from a mug. “It’s just how we work.”
“Nope!”
“Okay, Dad. Go kill an evil murder bot.”
Eventually, he cracked the door just enough to see that Tony was, in fact, sleeping soundly, before closing the door and heading for the spare bedroom that was also in this hallway. He'd talk to Tony in the morning about the mission.
XxXXxX
So they had no way of knowing how Tony and Peter were doing. It was… disappointing, but Steve could handle that. Tony was a smart man. He could take care of himself, and would surely take care of Peter. The two could be fine. But there was someone else, two someone's, who couldn't take care of themselves or each other.
When his dad and pop came back, it was a bit different again. Harry went hard, formal, as he greeted his fathers curtly.
Somehow, Peter ended up between Harry and Edward, with Gwen just a bit away from them. They all seemed to have similar setups, with their bags at the foot, and their toiletry bags at the head. The only real difference was the quality of their things. Harry had all high end things, with a sleeping bag that seemed to have an air mattress built into it and a shiny new backpackers and toiletry bag with a lock on it but just screamed ‘I have money’. Edward and Gwen seemed to have similar quality things, with old but not tattered sleeping bags, backpacks that were fairly new but not brand new, with the only difference being that Gwen's toiletry bag being almost twice the size as the rest of theirs. Peter's things were probably the most noticeable difference, as he had borrowed the fluffy but somewhat torn sleeping bag from Sam, the backpack from Steve, and his dad having given him the ‘toiletry bag’ that was basically a lock box.
“What do you mean, Operation?”
When he arrived in Gulmira, it was a slaughter. Men were dragged to a slaughter wall. Women and children were forced to watch. He arrived just before one could be shot. He knocked three men away, turning to find five more holding hostages. Woman, teenagers, children, even a baby. He lowered his gauntlets, letting the targeting system take them all out.
Putting his head back against the console, tears stinging at the corners of his eyes, Tony sucked in a shaky breath. “Johnny, Susan… I’m so sorry I won’t be there to watch you grow up. I don’t know if you made it, if only one of you, or both of you, made it. But you have to know how much I love you. And I know, no matter what happens, you’ll do great things. Susan, already I can tell that you’re going to be so smart. Some day, I’m sure you’ll be taking my place, making all this revolutionary tech that I can’t even dream off. And Johnny, god… You’re nothing like your sister, but you’re amazing all the same. I bet… I bet you’ll be some kind of star. You look so much like Steve, but I know you’ll take after me. You’ll be charismatic, a shining star athlete, or actor, or racer, or whatever you want. And I just want you both to know that I love you both so much.”
“Oh shit,” Wade said, sucking in a breath. “I forgot you did Spidey’s gear! And I’ve been hanging out with the guy for the last year! I thought we were friends, but he totally bailed on me tonight. I went to ask him for help first, but he never shoved, and-”
“Really?” Ned asked, frowning as he pulled out his tablet. “Well, there wasn’t about your patrol pal directly… There was something about a guy who shot up the freeway this morning. Captain America and Iron Man went to get him, though neither have given police statements yet and SHIELD is taking over the case, but the guy got away by…” Ned cringed. “Oh geez, by cutting off his own arm…”
He blinked the daze away, seeing Wade looking at him strangely, and he remembered what Deadpool had said a while back about brain damage. He couldn’t die, not really, and when he got something jabbed into his skull, he started to see things. Quickly, Peter reached out.
Pausing, Steve turned to look at Thor. He wondered if maybe he should ask about Thor’s mental state.
“Nuh-uh,” Deadpool insisted, making Steve close his eyes in frustration. “There is no way in hell I’m setting foot in that tower again. Not like this. The only way you can get me to go back before this whole thing is fixed is if I’m dead, and we all know that isn’t happening!”
Up next, Age of Ultron mixed with Spiderman origins. Oooh~
“You’re not Iron Man,” Pepper insisted, buttoning up his coat. Peter had different ideas.
“Wade,” Peter tried.
"It is," Steve said, stepping into the room and setting the cup down to close the door. With the door secured, he picked up the cup, and brought it over to Tony, who took it carefully to start chugging as Steve shuffled next to his bed.
“The central building is protected by some kind of force field. Strucker’s technology is well beyond that of other Hydra bases we’ve taken.”
He turned the pages, the past slowly catching up to the present. Until he got to the last page. More scribbled words, just important points and vague summaries, of what
Steve lifted his head, turning to find Wilson. The young man was giving him a sharp, unwavering gaze. It was a look Steve was familiar with, not on Wade, but himself. He'd seen pictures, of himself, when he was ready to go into a fight, to fight with everything he had for the ones he loved. And Steve knew that Wilson- that
“I take back what I said about Peter. The kid’s not self absorbed or obsessed with looks, but even that guy probably wouldn’t be able to stand your face. Seriously, you look like Freddy Krueger face fucked a topographical map of Utah.”
. You just don't think I'm fit for duty."
He was in a hospital room, a monitor beeping next to his bed as he looked around. He didn’t know why he was here, and he felt like he was forgetting something. There were cards beside his bed, opened to stand neatly. Beneath the blanket, he could see his entire chest covered in bandages. Off to the side, Pepper sat in a chair, lightly dozing.
The genius shut his mouth so quickly that Steve could hear the click. Then, he took a deep breath. “I wanted to talk about us-”
XxXXxX
So, next up, Iron Man 3! Everybody ready to say hi to a special guest?
(See the end of the chapter for
Wade needed to punch something. He needed to kill something. Preferably the back stabbing wild animal that was throwing their world into chaos. But, he supposed a giant purple substitute would do nicely until he could get the reality Stone back.
And then, there were feet on the stairs, two sets. One big with boots, one small with slippers. Tony managed to turn just as they saw him, Peter screaming and running to him without caution for the shards of glass still around the broken windows. God, he needed to fix that… Peter could get hurt.
For a second, Steve only stared at him. Then, he sat down and they talked everything out. They agreed no more secrets, and they told each other whatever skeletons they still had in their closets. They told each other everything, from the smallest white lie to the biggest falsehood. Steve really didn’t like what he cooked. Tony didn’t think that Steve had the greatest singing voice. Steve did mind when Tony spent days on end in the lab. Tony hated the way Steve jumped headlong into a fight without thinking. Steve had seen his 70 year sleep repeated in his vision. Tony had seen everyone die when he could have done more.
“Good boy,” Tony managed before he turned, smashing the trophy on the floor.
Tony shook his head, chucking drily. “So far? The first petals were about two weeks ago. And you know who.”
Tony frowned, working on the latest version of Natasha's Widow Stingers. “You have my approval to make a large purchase on my card. Might want to hurry, though, or you won't be able to get enough food.”
I know the ending is rushed, and that it leaves a lot open or unfinished, but I just couldn't write anymore for this chapter. There's a lot that I want to do, and I already hit the 39 page marker that I told myself I wasn't going to get to close to, and there were over 16000 words! There will be a more carefully written beginning of Chapter 6 to (hopefully) make up for it. Or I might take a break, write a sort of 'between' chapter, where some more fluffy stuff happens instead of just Avengers hero drama.
“Oh,” Tony gasped, trying his best to not sound startled. Peter looked up at the woman with droopy eyes, half chewing the cheese piece that was partially in his mouth.
XxXXxX
Peter had wondered, after that, what it would have been like if he had been raised by his mother. Would she have told his dad? Would his dad have changed like he had after Afghanistan? Would his dad and pops even be together, if he hadn't been there to push them together?
Jarvis, thankfully, didn't say anything. He hurried up the stairs, nearly tripping on the last step, and through the living room. When he got to the front door, he paused, unsure, before opening it. And, sure enough, there was a basket with a wrinkly sniffling baby wrapped in layers and layers of blankets.
Tony wasn't sure what was happening. His ears were ringing, his vision blurred, and pain flaring through his side. He felt light headed, and a strange pulling numbness over his body.
“Then we can talk later, just not right now. Later, when we get home, alright?”
“Wouldn't pain dampeners be necessary for any kind of thing that connects directly with nerves?” Sam asked as he got up from the floor. “Who would build something that doesn't have dampeners?”
She came forward to wrap her arms around him, squeeze him tight as tears streamed down her face. When she let him go, she ran out of the room. Jarvis opened the door for the next person who wanted to see him, and Rhodey came in. He looked furious, but like Pepper, his expression changed when he saw Tony.
and felt something sticky cover his scratching hand. When he looked down, he… well, he didn't know what he'd been expecting, but a mass of white goop that seemed to be coming out of his wrist and struck to his palm hadn't been it.
Also, it is being posted entirely unproofred, and there are SOOO many holes that I just can't fix right now.
“Guys,” Steve called over comms, “I got Strucker, but there’s a second enhanced. Female. Do not engage.”
“Why send this to me?” he asked, frowning as he looked it over. It was less a letter and more a packet in a large envelope. “Have you see it?”
“You told me not to!” Pepper cried back.
It had started like any other. He woke up, left whatever woman he had had in his bed the night before to go start working in his lab. And there he stayed, for a good many hours with only Dummy and Jarvis and the other bots as his companions. Pepper came by, talked to him for a bit, wanting paperwork like always.
XxXXxX
Shyly, Peter looked up, mouth half hidden behind a half eaten chicken nugget. “Hi…”
Once he was free, Peter took a deep breath, still feeling a little light headed, and picked up the katana. He saw Francis stab a knife into the side of Wade’s head, and he saw red. Hand flying up, Peter shot a gooey, unrefined web at Francis’s back, pulling him back towards Peter as he put the katana first, and thrust it forward into the man's back. They both fell, Peter landing on his front as the wind was knocked out of him.
“It’s a science project,” he scolded Peter. “It’s not cost effective. It’s a dead end.”
“What do you want me to do?” Pepper asked, taking the old reactor from his hands.
"What have you done?" Stevw had breathed out, eyes wide in horror.
“No!” Peter screamed, as Connors reached out and shoved Pepper from the window.
“Hey,” Bucky said, waving a hand in Steve’s face. “Earth to Steve. We need to go.”
XxXXxX
XxXXxX
Weasel rolled his eyes.
Tony's absence from Peter's younger years was the second mistake he made.
“Yeah,” Peter muttered, looking at his hands as he thought, maybe now was the time to ask.
Bucky didn’t say anything. He had seemed to have tired himself out with his fighting, and had resigned himself to sitting on the opposite end of the cell from the window that Steve was sitting by. Steve sighed again, not sure what else to say.
For a second, the doctor shot Tony a glance, but sighed and finally start talking. “Well, it’s… your liver, lungs, prostate, and brain. Tumors. You have cancer, son.”
Anyway, like always, comment your thoughts and questions bellow!
“Clint!” Nat called over the comms.
“Wow,” Wade drawled, sitting down. “Stalker, much?”
“Baby Boss,” Friday cuts in. “Barnes is requesting entry. Shall I allow him?”
They were heading out as a team, as they had tracked Ultron’s possible location to a salvage yard on the African Coast. There was a man named Ulysses Klaue that had some of Wakandan’s trade goods. Tony apparently knew about this guy. And, he apparently knew someone in Wakanda who could come help them. Steve hadn’t known anything about this, and Tony had agreed to stay behind to make some calls while the rest of them went out.
“Tones,” Rhodey interrupted. “I get that you need someone to talk to, but unless Pep tells me that we should talk, I have to get back to work. I'll call you later.”
“I’m fine,” he managed to slur, one hand holding Peter and the other grabbing Rhodey’s sleeve. “Where’s Pepper?”
. But he eventually got clean…
Peter looked around, seeing people already clustered up into groups. He shifted, holding a little tighter onto his things as he followed everyone else to the gym. It seemed like he was the only one that didn't know anyone else, and it was starting to make him uncomfortable. Should he call his dad and go home?
“Well, what do you suggest? A mask?”
"But Tony-"
Steve beamed, struggling to his feet, and leaning in to kiss Tony. He couldn't help but smile, kissing Steve with a hunger he didn't remember having. It had been so long, even if it had only been less then a year. Tony had tasted what it was like to be alone, after nearly five years of marriage. He had missed Steve, and if he was willing to work through whatever problems they had, then Tony was to.
He took the arc reactor with shaking hands, and managed to fit it into his chest. For a minute, he blacked out, feeling weak and off center, and oh so
XxXXxX
But it would be worth it, for Peter.
Growing more and more frustrated, Steve tried every override he could think of. Captain Handsome rock and roll on the 85, his wedding vows, the names and birth dates of all his and Tony’s kids. Hell, he even pulled out his trump card and sang the entirety of Man With A Plan from his USO days. He was always met with the same response.
Unable to stop him, Wade felt breathless as Peter pressed their lips together. It was their first kiss, and Wade felt his skin prickle as he did his best to overcome his shock and return it. It was messy, sloppy, but it felt perfect all the same. And Wade almost never wanted it to end.
“Speak up please,” Tony said, sounding as casual as he could.
Wade sucked in a breath. His heart stopped. Peter. They were going to go after Peter, and they were gonna hurt his boy. Oh God, he’d been keeping his distance from him, and now he was going to be the reason Peter died!
"Holy shit," Clint said, rushing forward to try and steady Steve. "Holy shit, Cap! You just- And Thanos-"
. How are we supposed to be that team, and get married, if you won't even tell me something so important!”
“I can’t believe I’m doing this,” Wade says as he hurried down the block. “Is there a word for half afraid, half angry? I mean, my Petey boy can hold his own, he’s the son of fucking Captain America and Iron Man, but against Francis? Who might use me somehow to draw him out? Oh god, I don’t know what to do!”
Instantly, Tony was turning. He looked at Steve, finding the same look of realization on his face. Thanos' farm on the mountain… They needed to get back to the mountain before the Mad Titan did.
“I already know all your names.” Barney turned to Clint. “As much as I love seeing you, is this a life threatening? World ending?”
“It’s Rhodey or Pepper.”
. What was he going to tell Peter? God, what were they going to do? Well, obviously he was going to help pay for Wade’s bills, but what could be done? Chemo? Some kind of experimental drug? He wasn’t the bio-chem guy with the degrees in squishy sciences. That was Bruce. But Bruce was gone, so what now?
Instantly, Steve sucked in a breath. Tony could feel him tense, feel every muscle tighten, and could practically hear his heart skip a beat. The blond knew what that meant, Tony was sure, since he wasn't stupid. But he hoped, prayed, that Steve wouldn't ask him to confirm.
Obadiah got up, smiling as he moved around to Tony’s front. He grabbed his face, turning him to look, as he chuckled.
“That's no way for a kid to live.”
“What…?” Tony breathed out, to surprised to move or think.
Now, Wade was locked, very securely, in a cell.
“Not bad, huh?” Tony said, though he could tell it was a bit more subdued. “Let’s do it.”
By the second ring, Steve picked up the phone. “Tony?”
What wasn't fun was that they were attacked. And then getting blown up with his own shrapnel bomb. And
XxXXxX
with Peter
“Thank you, Monica,” Principal Morita said smoothly. “I’ll handle it from here. Have his things ready to go. We’ll call his father.”
And with that, Deadpool was on his way, leaving Peter to blink at him in utter confusion. The guy was definitely… different. He didn't know why his dad was so insistent that Deadpool wasn’t going to suddenly snap, but Peter guessed that he’d give the guy the benefit of the doubt. But the guy was seriously weird.
“I didn't know her, Peter,” was the sullen reply. “And I wish that I had just so I could tell you everything you want to know. But I don't and I'm sorry, Peter. I just don't know anything else about her that I haven't already told you.”
“That’s enough,” Steve said, stepping in to grab Deadpool’s leg before he could shatter it trying to kick Tony’s head in. He dropped it once Deadpool had fallen to the ground, and crossed his arms. “Now, you can either walk with us to the Tower, or we can drag you.”
“Home,” Peter said with a grin. “Go home and have donuts!”
Bucky continued to scowl at him.
“Doubtful,” came Bucky’s reply. On the communications front, Bucky actually hadn’t come very far. He often replied in one word responses, or even just meaningful looks, and usually had to be prompted for more detailed replies. Which were still short anyway.
“Well, that explains the moves at the Decathlon,” Liz muttered. “I’m guessing you learned that stuff from the Black Widow?” She paused, laughing a little. “That’s probably the weirdest thing I’ve ever said.”
“Why didn't you call someone?” Peter asked, doing his best to gently scrape the bowl off his hand and into the sink without breaking it. It was during this that he noticed the underside of his forearms had gained a red rash of some kind. “And when did I get this rash?”
had questions or something to say. But for now, Wade pulled Peter in, pressing a rough kiss to chapped lips. He put everything into it, all the love and want and need he'd felt for Peter that he'd felt in the months away from him.
“Thats right, Peter,” Tony said, sitting at his scotch. “You guys need a new name for that.”
Turning, they both hurried back up the stairs, ignoring Wade as he laughed. Friday had already calling the team together, and they were quickly on their way back to the mountain, some like Carol flying there on their own. By the time they arrived, Thanos was already there.
Peter brought up his hand, pinky, index, and thumb out straight as he bent his wrist back. A glob of white flew out, and Wade felt something over the mouth of his suit. Reaching up, he was surprised to find that find a familiar white webbing stuck to the finger pads of his glove. Wade looked at Peter with wide eyes.
He abandoned the thoughts after not too long.
“Marry me.” Steve’s voice, this time, was desperate, his face covered in that same desperation and in his hand a silver band with a trio of tiny little diamonds at the head. A silver band that was tasteful, elegant, but not tacky, and entirely identical to the one in Tony’s own hand.
