Reluctantly, Tony cuts the comm’s link and takes a steadying breath. His chest burns every time he inhales and exhales, but he can’t exactly stop breathing, since it’s a rather important part of being alive. The sound of steel beams and heavy blocks being shifted can be heard, even through the layers of debris pinning him down, and Tony feels like he could kiss his rescuer. Ten excruciatingly long minutes later, a shaft of light appears; the left eye-slit of the faceplate is cracked, distorting the face that pops into view, but Hulk has never been a more beautiful sight. Tony refuses to kiss the giant green rage machine, though, no matter how grateful he is.
could – ask you about any possible assistance you or your world could offer, so here I am, asking you for help, and –”
Bucky is rooting through the cabinets when Steve enters the kitchen. A crisp white envelope sits in the middle of the table, Steve’s name written in an unfamiliar scrawl; it’s thick, full, and Steve has a good idea that he knows who it’s from and what’s in it.
“I… I’m no good at stuff like this. Ask Rhodey. Ask Pepper. Ask anyone who knows me, and they’ll tell you. I’m better at the big shows. But ー and you’re very lucky here ー I asked Pep and Rhodey for advice, I even went to Natasha, and this is what they suggested. But anyway. As I said. I’m no good at the, the emotional stuff. I’ve never been. You telling me to tell you to leave… it surprised me. I mean, I know you’re respectful of spaces and whatever, but I never thought you’d ask me to tell you to actually
Tony hesitates, staring down at his child, before glancing over his shoulder at Steve. Steve shrugs with a small smile, waves his hand in a motion to mean
“Oh, right. Of course.” She nods, slides the files into her bag, and stands. “I’ll come by the tower soon, so we can talk. Stay out of trouble, Tony.”
“I agree completely. Babies are wonderful additions to your life – at least, if being a parent is what you want. If not… Well, we strive to help people make the best choices for their lives.”
Silence descends on the workshop. Even the bots have stopped moving in the face of Pepper’s wrath. Steve is struck with the thought that maybe everyone in the Nine Realms has heard her screaming, echoing through the vacuum of the space-time continuum; he hastily tries to quell the hysterical laughter, but it’s too late. At the sound of the first giggle, Pepper’s eyes flash in his direction, and the dam breaks. He collapses onto the floor, burying his face in his hands to muffle the noise, and Tony clears his throat.
“But it's staring, it's watching me do this –” Tony thrust hard, causing Steve's breath to hitch. “– and this –” Here, he folded himself enough to latch onto the sensitive skin below Steve's jaw. “– and this.”
The woman behind the desk clears her throat. “Before you go, Mr Rogers, Mr Parker told us to give you this.”
“Yeah, I think I figured that out somewhere between Pepper giving me a very delicate wake-up call, JARVIS being such a chatterbox, and now this so relaxing and peaceful workout.”
The only sign Natasha gives that he heard Steve’s statement - announcement, really - is a slow blink, her dark lashes lowering and staying low for a moment. When her eyes open once more, her expression is blank, the carefully crafted mask she wears when she doesn’t want her thoughts to be found out. Though he knows Clint can’t hear them, Steve glances over at the archer, double-checks that the purple hearing aids are still on the coffee-table. Natasha inhales deeply before placing a gentle hand on Steve’s knee.
Steve smiles tiredly at Tony once he reaches the landing, allowing the transfer of child to father. “Hey. He was good.”
“That's...an odd and very specific profession, not gonna lie, and it's kinda creeping me out, so let's not ever mention that particular career ever again.”
His head rolls on his neck at the quiet echo of her feet on concrete. Her toenails are pale purple, nearly white, and he isn't sure why he notices that but he does, he fixates on the soft splash of colour on her pale feet. Those lilac splotches near, and he still can't drag his gaze away. Natasha stops in front of him; he finally jerks his focus away from her toes to see her standing there, her head tilted, red curls falling around her face. Her green eyes are big, Disney-like, and there's something unreadable in their depths. Her lips thin as she holds her hand out, showing him a Bite that's broken around the edges. She doesn't try to hand it to him, thank gods, Tony doesn't think he can bear having to take it from her, not with the way he's feeling already.
Steve follows Happy down the stairs, out the front door, and to a black sedan halfway down the block. Happy holds the door open while Steve ducks down to maneuver Peter into his booster seat. Peter whines a bit, but Steve runs his fingers through the dark curls, sticky and wild with sweat, and softly hushes him. Once Peter is buckled in and clinging tightly to Piggly, Steve hesitates but then presses a tender kiss to his forehead.
Steve looks less like he’s being sliced open from the inside out by the time lunchtime rolls around. Tony has spent the last four hours studying chemical compositions of a variety of over-the-counter pain medications, arguing over the chance of success of each combination with Bruce, but so far, no results have been deemed favourable. So he merely squeezes Steve’s hand before he leaves to meet with Loki at a cafe down the block.
Steve glares at Tony, but he knows there's no heat to it. It's more of a habitual kind of thing by now. “Low blow, Stark. Fine, we can set up a meeting with him, his parents ー”
Steve rolls over in bed and stares at Tony lying next to him; light from the street lamp filters through the blinds, illuminates his face, still and relaxed in sleep, in thin bars of soft orange glow. The heat kicks on, blowing warm air through the room, and Steve shivers at the contrast on his bare skin. He lifts his arm when Tony shuffles closer, presses a kiss to the other man's forehead, and grins tiredly at the snuffling sound that Tony makes. Pulling the blankets up further over their bodies, he shifts until he's more comfortable with Tony tight against him and falls asleep to the gentle breaths puffing against his chest and the solid heat of his partner.
“Fury wants me in for a ‘performance review’ by nine.” Clint chuckles, a bitter, humourless sound. “Basically, he wants to explain, in full detail, exactly why no one other than Coulson will sign on to be my handler. I mean, do I
Steve chances a glance at his reflection, wincing at the sight. He hurriedly splashes cold water on his cheeks in hopes of restoring colour to his pale skin. It works, somewhat. With one last steadying breath, he pulls the door open and heads back out to the living room. He’s surprised to find Peter still sitting on the couch; every person he knows that has kids has told him stories about their children being unable to stay motionless for more than thirty seconds. The child doesn’t look up from the pig in his hands.
Natasha lets out a laugh, shaky and indicative of just how scared she really is. “How are you so good at this?”
“I think,” starts Pepper, her hands folding on the table in front of her, her slow exhale ruffling her bangs, “I think it’s time to tell Peter. I mean, he obviously knows
Silence descends, thick and resounding, as Tony mulls over Steve's words. Steve doesn't push for a response, doesn't speak. He hadn't considered pursuing a relationship with Tony beyond what they already had. He had been content enough just to be neighbours, sort of friends, had been willing to ignore his attraction to Tony and hope it went away with time, but Bucky had made a good point. Steve's always valued his privacy, making exceptions only for those closest to him; he has rarely had this quick of a connection with someone who wasn't Bucky. Tony, though… Tony is different, somehow. Even now that Steve knows exactly who Tony is ー and he feels so dumb for not having made the connection sooner, but he figures he can be forgiven for it, since Tony's long been out of the spotlight save for sporadic appearances at charity galas ー Steve doesn't think his feelings have anything to do with the other man's last name and wealth. He
Which is why Steve is tapping his code in the keypad of the door. It slides open, and Tony’s music cuts off abruptly. The genius glances up at Steve, smiles tightly, then goes back to staring at the holoscreen.
There’s no indication that the lift has stopped except for the doors sliding open smoothly. Steve follows Miss Potts out of the elevator and down a short hallway, her heels clicking with a measured rhythm on the dark marble. The living room she leads him into is empty and quiet, almost eerily so, but Steve pays attention as she gives him a tour of the communal areas. His head is spinning; he’s been here once before, when they apprehended Loki, but that was up in the penthouse which certainly hadn’t come across as this homey. He realises belatedly that Miss Potts has continued on and hurries to catch up with her on the staircase.
His shoulders are slender, less bulky; his chest is rounded out, breasts proportionate, and his abdomen narrows until his waist, where his hips curve and turn into long, shapely legs. The dusky pink of his nipples is slightly lighter than before. The hair at the apex of his thighs is less thick, curlier, takes up more area without his cock. He runs his fingers over a thigh, tilting his head at the softness of the hair there. When he turns back to Natasha, she’s smiling knowingly.
“I feel like it's staring at me,” whispered Tony with a giggle in his voice. “Can a penis-shaped candle stare?”
Steve nods slowly. The pair fall into silence again for a few minutes, and just when it becomes uncomfortably quiet, Tony waves a hand in the air. The loud chords of some rock song blare throughout the workshop; Steve winces at the sudden volume, resists the urge to cover his ears. Thankfully, his reaction doesn’t go unnoticed: JARVIS helpfully turns the music down to a volume that is much less vicious on Steve’s ears.
“Yes, but only for Pop, because Pop’s the one marrying her. But you and Daddy? You get to see how beautiful Mommy looks before anyone else.”
Steve glances up from where he's adding lines of facial hair to the drawing, smiling at Tony. “Thanks.”
The door slides open with a quiet hiss, and Natasha strides in. Steve’s sure he isn’t imagining the glint of a knife up her sleeve or the way she ignores the Asgardians. She comes to a stop a few feet away from the couch, her eyes on the bot making circles on the concrete. With a raised brow, she turns her focus to Steve.
Thor grins widely, rounding the table to clap Steve on the shoulder. “You are getting your wish, Captain!”
“No, no, listen, hear me out. If everybody thinks he’s Steve when he’s out there, that includes any and every single bad guy who’s desperate to their dirty hands on the serum. That means they’ll try to abduct him if given the chance. Ergo, the need for constant supervision. Not only to keep him from fucking us over, but for his protection.” He glances at the pale trickster, who stands tall and stoic in the face of, well, everything. “Do you – do you think you can handle that? Can you handle the very real probability of being kidnapped and tortured for your blood, all because you’re in the form of someone else? Because I can promise you that it could very well happen. All it takes is looking away for a split second at the wrong time.”
“Yeah, babe, really. I love you, and I’m completely capable of putting aside my dislike of the psycho- demigod long enough for this to work.”
Tony groans, a guttural sound from deep in his throat. “Don't talk like that, Jesus, I can't handle that right now.”
There's no need to ask for clarification as to what Steve means. "No, definitely not. It wasn't you. I promise, darling, you are the only one I'll ever want to kiss for the rest of my life, and I'll spend every day proving that."
Steve chuckles and waits, but no further messages come through. So he sets his phone on the side of his desk, sits down in the chair, and pulls out the panels for
The woman is still there at dinner. She sits to Steve's left, between Steve and Clint, across the table from where Tony usually sits. Tony debates ducking out of the dining area, but it's too late. Sam has already seen him and is pulling the chair out for Tony to sit. This action causes everyone to notice Tony, and he doesn't have any choice. He steels himself like he's heading to the gallows, drops down onto his seat, and wishes he had alcohol to deal with this. Rhodey follows and sits next to Natasha like the traitor he is, but Tony can't really blame him. Clint tends to try to start food fights most nights of the week, Sam, well, Sam is okay, and Bruce and Tony usually talk to each other about various topics all relevant to science, so of course Rhodey would want someone to talk to that wouldn't be wrapped up in discussion of polymers, genetics, and biochemistry. Thor isn't around, which is understandable ー Jane is in town giving a conference speech about Einstein-Rosen bridges, and Thor hates to miss any chance to listen to her. He has been very adamant about his love of Jane and her brilliance. And Tony's glad the man's got someone to love. Seriously. Couldn't have happened to anyone better.
Tony turns at the loud, distressed beeping and loses it. He can’t stop the hysterical laughter at the sight of his poor bot – the poor, pitiful,
Steve taps on the thumbnail of the image that Tony sent, groaning at the sight of him resting his head on the arm of the couch, a throw pillow against his chest, completely asleep. He closes out of the message thread and stands, stretching out the kinks in his back. He makes a detour to the bathroom, does his business, and then heads to his bedroom. It doesn’t take long for him to fall back asleep in his bed.
“I’m not trying to discredit your childhood – or lack thereof – or anything you went through, but you, Natasha, are in the Top Three bravest, most loyal, most
By the time the van comes to a stop, Steve has pretended to be unconscious for the better part of an hour, and they are far from the city. He keeps his body limp as he’s carried from the vehicle. The cot he is set down on is stiff, uncomfortable; Steve resists the urge to squirm.
“Yeah, you.” Steve hands the paper over to Tony, watching as the other man's shoulders relax and a small smile graces his lips. “What do you say I get you comfy on the couch with some cartoons while your daddy and I talk? Is that okay?”
“I wanted to give you plausible deniability,” he answers, though it comes out as more of a question.
The chuckle slips out against Tony’s will, but he does as he’s oh-so-politely instructed. He keeps his movements cautious, gently rocks his hips, shallow push-pulls, until Steve’s babbling, a steady stream of “please, Tony, faster, harder, oh God, yes.” He kisses Steve once more and snaps his hips forward. Steve clenches around his cock; Tony moans, moves faster, thrusts harder. The sound of skin against skin is obscene, drowning out the man singing
Steve sighs, holds Peter close, and thinks of his options. With a soft kiss to Peter’s hair, he gently sets Peter onto the couch and pulls his phone from his pocket.
Tony sends back a peace sign emoji, and Steve sets his phone down. It’s nearing five o’clock, which is just as well, since he can no longer concentrate on his comic. He packs up, waves goodbye to his coworkers, and heads out. As he walks down the sidewalk, he scrolls through his contacts until he gets to his ma’s number.
. The adrenaline coursing through his veins means he doesn’t feel a thing as he barrels through the wall, off-white plaster giving way to expose smooth dark corridors. He finally stumbles to a stop in the middle of a cordoned-off street, the sheer volume of people talking and the colours all around overwhelming him. His head aches at the cacophony of noise, and his heart aches at the proof of time gone by, of all that he’s lost.
“No, we decided to do this by the seat of our pants,” Tony snaps, and Steve drops his head into his hands.
Steve pulls the blanket up under Peter's chin and pokes the child's nose gently; Peter's giggles bring a smile to Steve's face, and he makes sure that both Blue and Piggly are in the bed. He stares down at the child ー this small, fragile child that he's come to love harder, more fiercely, than he's ever loved someone who isn't related to him ー and brushes a curl from Peter's face.
, Steve thinks at the sight of an arrow on Bucky’s left wrist. He forces a smile and goes to bed alone while his best friend prepares for an evening at the dance halls.
Natasha sees him first, immediately jumping to her feet when he comes into sight. The rest of the group follows suit, and Tony can’t contain his proud smile.
“Yeah, I could see that,” chuckles the super-soldier, moving to stand behind Tony; he wraps his arms around Tony’s waist, pulls gently until their bodies are lined up. “What are you thinking about?”
They come to a stop outside of a door that has a miniature version of his shield inlaid in the deep mahogany wood. His fingers itch to run over the gleaming design. Instead, he puts his thumb on the scanner by the doorknob when Miss Potts directs him to. A blue light illuminates under his finger before flashing green, and the lock clicks as it disengages.
His attempts at art, something he used to find comfort in, find him putting faces to the aching bone-deep loneliness that resides under his skin. He starts carrying cash, handing it out to every homeless person he sees on the streets, his heart breaking when a lot of them turn out to be veterans who the government has let down. Every week, he makes his way to the Smithsonian and stares up at the faces on display: Peggy, Bucky, the Howling Commandos. He stares until his eyes burn, his vision blurs with unshed tears, and he heads toward the exit, dabbing at his nose with a handkerchief he purchased from a thrift shop. Natasha had teased him for his dislike of Kleenex tissue, but the jovial, playful familiarity was too much for Steve to handle; he’d stormed away, and she didn’t try to further their friendship again, just kept to a cool and professional sort of detachment in any subsequent conversation. He still can’t find the words to explain, so he hasn’t tried to apologise.
Steve scrubs a hand roughly over his face, already so tired of Tony’s impromptu visit. He sighs. “He was brainwashed.”
“They're sweeter and softer that way.” Tony brushes a hand over Peter's hair. “Thanks, Steve. He...he really wanted to spend time with you today.”
Pepper laughs softly. “Yes, well, no one’s ever claimed that Tony thinks things through completely.” She gives him a small smile. “Thank you for everything you've done, for both of them. I don't think they'd be doing this well if it weren't for you.”
realise I actually need my brain, right? It’s very important if I’m gonna keep you in such a lavish lifestyle.”
Steve nods once the AI finishes speaking and leaves the kitchen. The doors to the elevator shut behind him before he can hear the extent of Clint’s reply; then again, “With all due respect, sir,” rarely prefaces anything pleasant, especially coming from the archer. A small smile spreads across Steve’s lips as he allows JARVIS to direct the lift to the gym. When he steps off, he sees Natasha in the obstacle course. Her hair is pulled back in a tight braid, winding like a flat, bright red snake along the base of her skull. Steve just barely resists the urge to look away at the sight of so much creamy skin exposed by her leggings and black athletic bra. Watching her in motion, even against holographic enemies, is an extraordinary thing: She moves with incredible agility, manoeuvres with unbelievable grace. It’s mesmerising, almost like a dance – a very violent, inhumanly deadly dance. She uses her weight as leverage as she hurtles toward the wall, takes a few running steps up the thick concrete, and flips. The blue-tinted figure disappears in a flickering mass of simulated electrical sparks from her Widow’s Bites, and she lands lightly on her feet.
“So why are you hiding out in here instead of being in bed with your pregnant boyfriend?” inquires Pepper after she’s swallowed her first bite.
“Not a problem. Kid's a great one. But, unfortunately, I have to go shower. As fashionable as drool and melon is, it's also sticky and gross.”
“I–I won’t. I think this last talk kinda opened our eyes to how bad things can get if there’s no actual conversation.”
“Next time Steve starts having a nightmare and I’m not here, alert me. I don’t care what I’m doing. He’s… He’ll always come first.” He flails then, a knee-jerk reaction to being surprised. “Wait, go back.”
The Asgardians were sympathetic but insisted that the couple not give up, stating that nothing worth having comes easily. Thor and Loki talked quietly in the corner; the blond looked angry while his brother wore a determined expression. They finished the conversation and joined the quartet on the couches.
? Almost two whole minutes of silence, then all you can think to say is ‘At least JARVIS’s code isn’t faulty’? I don’t give a damn about JARVIS right now – no offence, J – because I’m kinda too busy panicking.”
Steve cleared his throat and started singing softly, the words half-forgotten and the tune stuttering with unfamiliarity, but Peter didn't protest. He just blinked sleepily up at Steve; his eyes finally closed for good during the second (smoother) run-through of the song. Steve waited with bated breath and only moved when Peter stayed asleep in the silence. Then he'd gone to the living room and sagged into the plush couch, closing his eyes for just a moment. When he'd opened them again, it was to Tony standing over him, a soft smile curling his lips, and he'd started to apologise, but Tony waved him off.
Even in the low light, Steve can see the way Tony’s cheeks flush, his lashes fall to fan across his cheekbones, his bottom lip gets caught between his teeth. A sigh escapes onto the soft, salty breeze, and Steve secures his partner ー his
“Am I drunk? I haven’t touched a drop of alcohol in damn near a year, and you think I’d suddenly get drunk because what? I was bored or something?”
Tony sighs, stares down at his fingers as they twist over themselves. He shifts his weight awkwardly on the bed. “The wormhole… It messed me up, okay? I went up knowing it was a one-way ticket, even without you saying so. I knew I wouldn’t be back.”
Tony’s laughter slowly dies as he steps off the elevator and smells paint. He follows the odour to the spare bedroom that once housed an impressive collection of vintage liquors.
you’re back.” He pauses long enough that Steve lifts his head and peers over the back of the couch; Tony stands there, staring wide-eyed at the archer who has his hands on Tony’s shoulders. Clint leans in. “Please, for the love of our sanity, go. Fuck. Steve.”
done this before, it is an intensely personal thing and his questions are unwelcome. He clears his throat awkwardly. “Sorry, JARVIS. I know it’s none of my business. Uh. Is… is Tony awake?”
A week later, Steve stands by Tony’s side in front of the UN, the rest of the team close enough for Steve to feel the brush of their clothes each time they shift. The past seven days have been filled with hours together, going over every bullet point in the Accords to hammer out the details and get rid of any loopholes that can be exploited by more political agendas, conference calls and meetings with legal teams; Coulson had finally told Fury what was going on, leaving out the shared dream, after it became clear on the fourth day that the Avengers-drafted Accords were more than likely to be made into law. Tony’s fingers are wrapped tightly around Steve’s wrist, hidden from view by Clint and Natasha behind them and the table in front of them. It's not a new thing, not really, but it still sends a thrill through Steve to know that Tony trusts him to be the support, the rock on which they all, but especially Tony, can lean.
Steve isn’t expecting this to be Tony’s answer, and he feels off-centre even as Tony brushes past him. The scotch, the colour of dark honey in the dim lighting, is left on the bar. Steve stares at the drink for a long moment, but nothing comes to mind to help him understand what just happened. With little else to do, he turns on his heel and heads to his quarters.
Steve nods fervently, unable to form words, and he shifts his weight. Their groans intermingle at the sensations, and Steve swears he sees stars. Tony pulls back then pushes in again; Steve whines and moves his hips to meet Tony’s thrusts. They fall into a rhythm, slowly finding synchronisation, and Steve has never felt so full, so wanted, so
had settled down eventually; the man had had it all, by the looks of things: a thriving business after the war, a secret agency that he built from the ground up that had international connections and the power to rid the world of threats unfathomable to the rest of humanity, a wife, a kid. And here is Steve, trying desperately to push through the heartbreak, pain, loneliness, and the immense, unshakeable feeling that he doesn’t belong here ー of being out of place, out of
The light blue cotton panties are snug but comfortable. Steve doesn’t know why, but he’s surprised that they fit so perfectly. Nat has to help him with the bra; he’s never been good with the clasps. She barely gets it done up before she’s pulling it back off, replacing it with a different one. The second doesn’t dig into his skin; it’s still uncomfortable, though. The rest of the dressing process is a study in trial and error: The jeans she passes over are the correct size, but the first shirt he pulls on is both too tight and too low-cut. Thankfully, she agrees that it shows off too much cleavage and gives him another. He slides his (now smaller) feet into a pair of shoes she calls “flats” and inspects his reflection. He has to admit – he looks decent, even with the lost expression on his face.
Halfway through dinner, Tony lets his fork fall to his plate and stands. Conversations stop abruptly, and he studiously avoids meeting Steve's gaze. He forces a smile, carries his plate to the sink, and drops it in with a loud clatter. He can't see where he's going, not really, but he designed this entire building, he knows the routes even without sight. So he breezes past the rest of the team ー and one hanger-on ー and makes his way to his living quarters. The silence there echoes, weighs on him, and he
, Steve has manners.” It’s a true testament to how amazing Pepper is that she can bend down enough to kiss Loki’s cheek without so much a flicker of uncertainty or revulsion. “It’s great to see you again, Steve. We’ll have to schedule a lunch soon. For now, I want to introduce you to someone. Gentlemen, this is Miss Stephanie Crawford. Stephanie, these wonderful men are Tony Stark and Captain Steve Rogers.”
Thor leans back in the spare chair, crosses his arms over his chest, and nods sagely. “Of course. As my mother has promised, she will place the strictest of safeguards on him, on the use of his powers. I am vowing to you now that I will never be far from his side until he returns to our home realm.”
“You have no self-preservation skills,” she retorts with a soft laugh. “But no, I meant, are you scared of being a father? Of raising a child?”
Peter emerges from the bathroom, stomping down the hallway, and flops face-first onto the couch. “I don’t wanna go.”
“Again?” says Steve quietly, and he regrets asking at the way her smile dims and her eyes grow sadder; before he can tell her to forget the question, she inhales steadily and starts talking.
Doctor Cavendish turns out to be a tiny slip of a woman with thick silver hair twisted in a severe bun and a no-nonsense attitude. She doesn’t so much as bat an eye at the sight of Tony Stark and Captain America standing on either side of a blonde woman in her exam room. She orders the men to the chairs against the wall, closes the curtain surrounding the table, and directs Steve to lie on his back. Her voice is much kinder, more gentle, when she explains the process. She apologises for any discomfort he experiences as she performs a pelvic exam. The rest of the appointment is less invasive, and for that, Steve is thankful. He pees in the cup he’s handed, allows a lab tech to draw blood (at which point, Tony speaks up to remind the doctor and her staff about the NDA they all signed), and waits for her to come back. When she does, she has a schedule book in her hand.
As these things usually do, the tentative and still somewhat awkward friendship they’ve struck up spills out of the workshop and into other communal floors. Tony will sit at the dining table and tap away at his tablet while Steve cooks, or Steve leans against the counter and talks about what he’s learned from reading engineering books as Tony makes coffee. The other members of the team had given them inquisitive looks, cracked jokes, in the beginning but eventually, those stopped and have been replaced with acceptance. Clint is the one who starts up team movie nights; he announced that Steve having never seen
Steve had told his ma about Tony the morning after the boys had met up in his dream for the fifth time. Ma had smiled that smile that meant she didn’t believe him, and he’d argued with her for longer than he should have, but he had to make her believe him. He had to make her know that there really was a Tony, a kid who seemed so sad and lonely but was an amazing friend. All that had gotten him was a trip to his doctor and a rotation through various other therapists and child psychologists. So he’d stopped talking about Tony, no matter how much it hurt to keep a secret from Ma. She meant well, he knew it, but… She just didn’t understand. She likely never would.
Tony’s eyes darken at the sight of Steve standing in the middle of the workshop wearing an outfit that Natasha assured him was sexy yet classy. In this body, Tony’s taller than Steve by a good two inches; his build looks bulkier now that Steve’s smaller. Tony hurriedly wipes his hands on a clean rag, grabs Steve’s wrist, and yanks him closer for a searing kiss. Steve feels like he’s floating, like he’s a soap bubble that could burst at any moment, as Tony’s tongue dances against his own. His breasts are pressed tightly, almost uncomfortably, to Tony’s chest, but he can’t think of that now, can’t think of anything except the rasp of Tony’s goatee against his skin and the heat pooling between his legs as Tony caresses the swell of one breast, thigh between Steve’s and cock hard and insistent against Steve’s hip.
"He has to go to pre-k during the day, but that gets out at three, and I have a lot of work that I can't get out of, unfortunately. So... Can you watch him?"
“Steve, I’m ex-KGB. The only reason the United States government has kept me around so long is I’ve yet to fuck up. They don’t trust me, but they need my skillset. That, and Nick would make their lives miserable.”
“Hi, you can just call me Steve.” Steve takes a seat at the table across from Peter, giving the kid what he hopes is a reassuring smile. “You're not here to get killed, but we do need to talk to you.”
“Well, I'd had a plan,” Tony starts; his breath hitches when Steve kisses the soft skin below his jaw.
? He knew Howard could have been harsher than needed, but he would never have imagined Howard being so cruel to his own son. He swallows past the thick lump in his throat, rage and bile rising to the surface.
Tony’s just stepped into his office when a video screen appears. The head of R&D gives him a sympathetic smile, an apology, and a brief rundown on the newest disaster in the making. Tony stares longingly at the mug of coffee sitting on his desk, left there two minutes before his arrival by his assistant; ultimately, the thought of Pepper yelling at him for not helping meet deadlines proves to be an incredible motivator, so he turns on his heel and heads back toward the elevator.
Along the far wall stands a group of silent men and women. Two on each end of the line are wearing armour similar to Thor’s battle gear, but the rest are adorned in silken trousers and tunics that shine faintly in the lights. Their garb, however, pales in comparison to what the woman in the chair beside Thor is wearing. Her opulent gown looks like it’s made of spun golden sugar, and thick, honey curls drop elegantly down her shoulders. She shifts her gaze from the clock to Steve’s face, and a soft smile spreads across her face. She glances at Thor, who nods and steps forward.
Tony emerges from the bathroom ten minutes later, stumbling to a stop when he sees Steve and Peter sitting at the dining table. Peter slurps another spoonful of milk and sugary cereal before smiling widely.
“You’re the one who called him a gremlin!” Steve protests, laughing at Tony’s expression. He presses a kiss to Tony’s nose. “Okay, okay, so Peter’s not Gizmo. Gottit.”
“I know. I keep expecting to wake up. It was really difficult to not try to find you last night, or else I’da told you all about this.”
“You are rambling, Tony.” Thankfully, there’s a smile on the Asgardian’s face, so Tony nods in apology, and Thor’s expression turns serious, thoughtful. He crosses his arms across his broad chest, levelling Tony with a steady gaze. “You said that
Tony relaxes minutely, though his shoulders don’t completely fall to a natural position. "I'll find someone who can do it."
like the outcome. If I hear of anything happening to Ms Crawford, and I don't give a damn whether it's physical or verbal... If I hear of something like this happening again, you will regret that decision for the rest of your life. That's not a threat, either. It's a promise."
about Loki today?” Tony asks from the bathroom where he’s brushing his teeth. “And I don’t mean typical Loki-odd. I mean… different than Loki-odd.”
“Ah.” Her lips quirk upwards minutely before she becomes serious once more. “Are you done here? I got you some stuff to help you while you’re...not you.”
“I dunno how I got here, to be honest. Just thought of you while I was fallin’ asleep, and now here I am. Want me to go? Or change the location?”
Steve stared in surprise, clearing his throat once he’d let the silence drag on uncomfortably long. “Uh, well, this is, um, how I see all of you, I guess.”
Steve hears the sound of a heavy door sliding open, and instinct – stupid, thoughtless instinct – has him putting his body between the woman and the cargo van. Hands roughly pull him off his feet, and he tries to wriggle out of the tight hold, but before he can get free, the door slides shut, and the van starts moving. Someone presses a strip of fabric over his eyes, and it finally clicks: He’s been abducted. He stops struggling against the heavy weight on his legs, starts paying attention to the movement of the van. Unfortunately, his abductors seem to know what they’re doing. There’s a sharp pinch in the crook of his elbow, and a wave of disjointed euphoria washes over him.
Steve storms from the table, anger and frustration roiling in his belly. They had finally reached an agreement on the oversight of the Avengers: They won't go to other countries to help unless specifically asked for, which makes sense. No country wants a foreign group barging in and trying to fix things but ultimately only screwing everything up even more. But then Bucky ー The Winter Soldier ー had come up, and the discussion had fallen apart. Coulson had said that SHIELD would want custody of the Soldier for the foreseeable future, Rhodes, Wanda, and Natasha had agreed. Sam, Clint, and, shockingly, even Tony had disagreed with that. Steve was in the “vehemently against” category, but he was biased, or so everyone said. Bruce doesn't feel comfortable making a decision like that; he said he's firmly in neutral territory, since he knows what it feels like to be hounded and hunted and threatened with imprisonment, but there needs to be something protecting everyone from the Winter Soldier and the danger he presents.
The pair is outside of Thor’s apartment within minutes. Tony stuffs his hands into the pockets of his dark jeans, smiling when Steve frowns at the fact he can no longer lace their fingers together. Steve knocks on the door; the huge, unearthly god grins widely once he sees them. He ushers them inside quickly, and Tony forces a smile in Loki’s direction before taking in his surroundings.
child.” She sighs, taking a swig of vodka from the bottle she brought. “I… Between that damn interview and then Steve’s comment – I’m assuming he told you what happened?” At Tony’s nod, Natasha smiles without humour. “It’s surprising, really, how I can easily slip into dozens of roles, never lose track of which mask is for what reason, can be whatever I need to be for ops, but I can’t do it now. I keep making mistakes. I’ve never been this far out of my depths before.”
“Peter is more than welcome, I know everyone is gonna love him, but if you'd rather not go, then I can just explain that it ain't the best time. Nobody is gonna be mad.”
comes back almost immediately, and Steve barks out a laugh at that. He knows it's a blatant lie ー even without witnessing him around children at the hospitals and homeless shelters they volunteer at, Tony still has that kid in Tennessee that he keeps in contact with. It had been hilarious at first to see Tony wearing a beat-up Dora watch then heartwarming when Tony explained the story behind how he got it from Harley, who'd been an enormous help (“and pain in the ass, let's not forget that”) when the suit was down.
ー needs to be said, because he has nothing to do with this, he's innocent. We will go about our lives as if we've never been more than neighbours who occasionally cross paths.”
Steve is calmed down by the time Tony has explained almost everything. Pepper stays quiet through it all, looking overwhelmed by the influx of information. Her eyes dart between Tony and Steve, and Steve fidgets where he’s still sitting on the floor. When Tony finishes speaking, Pepper inhales shakily.
“I know, but we’re at the best hospital with an amazing doctor. They all know what they’re doing, okay? They wouldn’t be letting you deliver her if they thought it would go wrong.”
The ground is great for walking across, not so much for landing on after being forcibly shoved off a quite comfortable couch. Tony groans, then groans again when his head starts splitting open – or at least
“I believe that Dum-E is rather curious as to where Captain Rogers has gone and who the woman is, and he refuses to believe me.”
Another month passes with the same routine: Wake up, eat breakfast, and drive to the next stop on the map. Steve doesn’t mention his panic attacks to the other two, and though he knows Natasha is aware of how on edge he really is, they don’t ask. Tony sends information ー sometimes to Natasha’s phone, other times to Steve ー as he gets it; unfortunately, it isn’t much to go on. By the time they get to the bases, the buildings and compounds are usually up in flames or in a mass of rubble. Steve finds his patience has worn thin to the point that he is constantly having to bite his tongue so that he doesn’t snap at his friends. His inbox is slowly filling up with text messages from Tony, random pointless messages that make little to no sense or inquiries about how Steve is doing; they’re all friendly enough, which causes Steve’s brain to stumble to a halt any time he reads them.
“They get meaner when I tell,” Peter replies in a tremulous voice, and Steve barely gets the child wrapped up in a tight hug before he’s sobbing. “I love my three daddies, but I don’t like being made fun of.”
Frigga gingerly took the box from Tony’s hands, her fingers tracing intricate etchings in the metal. From his spot, Steve couldn’t see the full design, but the way the queen’s face lit up told him enough. She flipped a tab, opened the box; soft, beautiful
ー Steve goes back to the tower. But the guilt is no longer weighing him down. Tony knows, so it should be enough. Unfortunately, that guilt is replaced swiftly, mercilessly, by apprehension. Tony admitted that he’s aware of their star-destined connection, but what does it mean that he left so quickly after the confession? Is this his way of saying he doesn’t care and wants to ignore it? How long has he known and when, if ever, was he planning on acknowledging it? Steve knows he has very little room to question it ー he hadn’t ever considered broaching the topic with Tony, too terrified of the potential reaction and fallout to be comfortable with that thought, but it hurts to be on this end of the equation with no answers.
Loki stands, offering a hand to Steve. “It’s wonderful to meet you, Miss Crawford. Please, have a seat.”
“If there is anything I or my mother can do to assuage your doubts or fears, please let me know. You are my brother in all but blood, as is Tony, and seeing your heart’s desires come to fruition would do us an honour.”
JARVIS interrupts them an indeterminate amount of time later, voice quiet as he informs Tony that Steve is awake. Tony sighs, steals a drink of Natasha’s tea (or, rather, she lets him, because he has no doubts that she could have stopped him if she wanted to), and hesitates before pressing a gentle kiss to her curls. He’s almost to the door when she calls his name.
Steve swipes at his cheeks, a watery laugh escaping when U rolls over with a box of tissues in his claw. “Thanks, U. Um, tell her I’ll be there in a moment, please, JARVIS.”
“I don’t want a surrogate. I don’t want to adopt.” Steve sets the tablet down on a worktable. “I mean, both are perfectly acceptable options that I’d love to look into, if there was no other way.”
Tony, on the other hand, wants nothing more than to throw caution to the wind, to touch Steve – his Steve – to kiss the anxious expression off his beautiful face; to drag him back to the tower, lock the doors, and spend the next few hours beneath the sheets. But he forces himself to force to show polite attention to Steve, bestowing the deeper contact on Loki. Each time he glances at Steve hurts, especially when Tony is brushing his fingers across the back of Loki’s hand or sharing an affectionate smile with the wrong Steve.
“You give so much of yourself away, without asking for a damn thing in return. You’re constantly looking for new ways to protect us when we’re in the field, new ways to make us happy or our lives easier when we’re here at home. Hell, we only have this home because of your generosity. You and I weren’t even friends, just two people who fought for a common cause, and you
“You’re terrible,” laughs Steve as he pulls away. “I just… I couldn’t focus in the studio. I kept feeling restless, so I did this.”
At Steve’s affirmative, Tony shifts their bodies until he’s laying on his back with his arm around Steve’s shoulders. Steve rests his head on Tony’s chest, one hand coming up to lightly cover the arc reactor.
“Of you? Yes. I hear the healthy sense of fear I experience while in your presence is a good thing for my self-preservation skills.”
“Thanks, big guy. Can, uh, can we keep this between us? I mean, I’ll tell Cap we talked, but… The team doesn’t need to know until we have answers.”
Steve’s just sat down at the table between Coulson and Sam when JARVIS announces the presence of two police officers in the lobby. After exchanging a questioning look with Phil, Steve tells the AI to let them up. The elevator dings a moment later, and the cops step out. Their faces are solemn, but he can see the way they keep glancing around the living room, awed by the size and opulence. Loki rises from his seat at the end of the dining table, suddenly Captain America in civilian clothes. He crosses the kitchen with his hand extended.
But Tony's hung up already. Steve stares down at the screen, confusion and panic sending his pulse thrumming hard through his veins. Steve continues staring through the peephole, watches as the man digs in an inner pocket of his suit jacket.
The man was gone before Steve could even blink. And now he’s been left staring down at a miniature version of his neighbour, feeling overwhelmed and a lot like he’s been sucker-punched in the last five seconds. The boy – Peter, who looks about five – is clutching a tattered stuffed pig in one hand, the fingers of the other hand stuffed in his mouth. A small bag dangles from one tiny shoulder, and a little piece of paper is pinned to the sleeve of his bright yellow pyjama shirt, interrupting the pattern of vivid pink cartoon ponies. Steve steps out of the way, shuts the door once Peter is fully inside. The awkward silence drags out until finally, Steve can’t handle it. He leads the child to the couch, grabbing his cell phone from the table, and heads to the bathroom.
brings up the topic but especially when it’s Steve saying the dreaded “s” word. He still cracks jokes about Natasha and Sam’s relationship that’s blossomed since the Triskelion’s fall and the road trip that followed, but he stays well away from mentioning the soulmarks that adorn their body. He doesn’t even bring up the fact that Thor doesn’t have a mark ー apparently, being Asgardian means that soulmates aren’t a thing.
It takes four hours of arguing and planning, compromising and standing firm, before things get out of hand. Their voices are rising in volume, overlapping, and nobody is listening to anybody except for what they want to hear. Finally, Tony slams his hands on the table, and the forgotten dishes rattle with the impact.
Steve isn’t sure when one finger becomes two, he’s so caught up on the buzz of heady want, but he can’t ignore the sting and stretch of three fingers opening him up. His breath catches, and Tony’s hand is soothing along the side of his ass. His hips grind down into the blanket, he’s searching for release and desperate for it, by the time Tony pulls his hand away. There’s the sound of the wrapper opening, and Steve reaches back blindly. The condom is slippery when Steve takes it in hand, and he’s grateful when Tony moves closer so Steve can roll the condom on. Tony’s moan sends Steve’s blood singing. He wonders what Tony tastes like, but he doesn’t get the chance to voice his desire before Tony is pushing his arm away with a gentle smile. Steve rests his weight on his forearms, stares at the floor, as Tony settles in behind him. The head of his cock pushes slowly into Steve, and Steve instinctively holds his breath and tenses until Tony reminds him to
child, not just mine. If you’re going to change your mind, be an adult, and talk to me. Because that was… That was unacceptable.”
“No,” he admits reluctantly. “It’s true, but that’s not why I’m callin’. Pete doesn’t wanna go to school today.”
“You mean to tell me that with the Barnes family having lived with us for an entire year, you never learned to give a child a bath? Steve, darling boy, it’s just like bathing yourself.”
He hadn’t heard anything beyond that point, his brain too busy trying to wrap itself around the knowledge that his body was the cause of the difficulty. Eventually, Tony lead Steve back to the penthouse and spent an hour holding him tightly and reassuring him that everything would work out. Steve fell asleep still worrying that this was all for nothing.
“Yes, because leaving him on my doorstep with a threat of killing me if something happened to him wasn’t thrusting him into my life at all,” he deadpans.
“Because you and Tony are heading this thing. He's a genius, and you're stubborn. Nothing is gonna happen if you put your heads together and figure out a way to stop it.”
Steve lays back, closing his eyes, breathing in deeply and exhaling slowly. The urgency fades away, the frustration loses its edge, as he consciously relaxes each of his muscles; when he feels less like he’s being turned inside out, he calls out for JARVIS to play just the audio. His gut clenches hotly at the first sound of Tony’s breathless moan. Steve slides a hand between his legs, forces himself to focus on the sensations rather than the end goal.
“Rhodey already knows about Steve,” Tony calls back from where he's standing by the car. “Told him a long time ago.”
Steve doesn’t immediately make his way to the living room; instead, he heads to the workshop. The lack of loud music is enough to make his chest seize up, and he lowers himself onto the couch, wiping away tears. Dum-E rolls over from his charging station with an inquisitive beep, and Steve smiles sadly, brings one hand up to rest on top of the bot’s arm. Letting out a whine that sounds absolutely mournful, Dum-E lowers his claw until it lays on Steve’s belly, barely there but a steady presence nonetheless. Steve sniffs and blinks rapidly, but more tears come.
he knows who I am. If we all go in, he's going to be on the defensive. He's going to fight his way out, because he'll think we're here to capture him. But if it's just me, maybe we can talk, maybe I can reassure him that we're here for his safety.”
Frigga dips her head in acknowledgment of Tony’s refusal, not looking even slightly surprised. “Your dislike of Loki is understandable, and I lay no blame on you for your feelings. He has done irrevocable wrong, caused so much grievous harm to this world and its people, all in the name of a childhood slight and jealousy. With you I mourn all of the losses Midgard has suffered at his hands. However, I have spoken at length with him. I believe he has seen the error in his judgment.” A derisive snort sounds from Steve’s right, and the queen pins Tony with an intense look. “He has been imprisoned without contact since Thor bought him home. He will be glad,
“Oh, Steve, wait.” Tony fumbles in his pocket, pulling out a small brass key. “So you can get him to bed instead of him sleeping on your couch.”
“Since before the dawn of civilisations, I have been Keeper of Fates, Watcher over the destinies written far before your time, spanning far after you will be gone. I foresaw the greatest team of defenders this universe has seen in a very long time, falling apart because of the hands of someone else, when there was a greater threat just beyond the horizon. I've grown to be quite fond of you, all of you, and I knew that if this universe, all the realms I watch over, all the different universes attached to this one, were to survive, you must not be allowed to separate. So, I went against the rules. I warned you all. It needed to be done, and I so hoped that you would take the warning seriously, that you would do all in your power to not let it happen.
Natasha has her knives out of Steve’s reach and in her hands before Steve can blink. Her shoulders are tight with tension as she storms from the kitchen. Clint lets out a low whistle. Steve turns toward him, confused.
. And you, Mr Stark, Captain Rogers, please do pull your heads out of your asses. Goodbye, Avengers. I shall be keeping an eye on you.”
Loki nods, Thor’s grin returns, and Tony follows Steve out of the apartment. Steve asks JARVIS to pass along a message to Natasha and Clint, then heads to the communal level to wait. The duo file in moments later, and Tony grimaces to himself and makes his way into the large kitchen. After grabbing a cheap beer and a bottle of incredibly strong vodka, he joins Steve on the couch, passing over the drinks. Clint nods his thanks, but Natasha doesn’t react further than twisting off the cap and taking a long swig. Steve sighs; Tony wraps an arm around his shoulders and pulls him into his side.
Because this feels like coming home to the workshop after a long day. This feels like dinner with the team, full of laughing and talking and even the food fights. This feels like hours in the living room, lounging on sunken couches with Steve pressed tightly to his right side while a movie plays on the screen and all Tony can focus on is the comforting heat and scent of
the baby, right? We’re humans, not fucking seahorses. Our only choices are adoption or surrogacy, though I’d rather go the former route than the latter, because using a surrogate could go so disastrously wrong. But anyway. There are literally no scientific options available for us to use so you can be pregnant.”
The whisper is quiet enough that Tony could pretend he didn't hear it. He could act like nothing was said, go back to working and keeping Steve off his mind (which never really works, Steve is always there). He could, but he won't. So he inhales unsteadily, wishing he was anywhere else but here, and clenches a hand into a fist to stop himself from tapping his fingers against the arc reactor in his chest. Well, in for a penny and all that…
He wakes one morning to Steve hurrying out of bed, sighs softly, and follows after the pregnant blond in time to pull his hair out of the way. The morning sickness has eased quite a bit since the second trimester began, but there are days where vomiting for twenty minutes is their wake-up call. They brush their teeth side by side, head to the shared kitchen together. The only other person there already is Coulson. Tony thinks about making a joke about the lack of paperwork, but Steve still looks a little green, so Tony stays quiet and starts dicing up apples, the one food they’ve found that calms Steve’s stomach.
, to say that isn't reminiscent of a pop-punk song by a woman from Canada. Honestly, “I don't like your girlfriend” just sounds so petty and immature, and Tony is completely mature. So his brain races to latch onto words, and Steve is staring down at him with that pinched look around his eyes, his lips a thin line on his face, and Tony can't say anything.
“You’re the one who did all the work.” Tony presses his lips to Steve’s temple. “How about a compromise? Let’s put Sarah in the bassinet, and then we’ll
At Natasha’s shrug, Tony gives JARVIS the go-ahead then goes back to eating his Chinese food and mocking the inaccuracies in the newest action flick. Pepper raises an eyebrow at them as she steps through the door; she toes off her heels, collapses into a chaise, and sighs heavily. Tony passes over the lo mein and a pair of chopsticks, smiling at the way her stomach growls at the smell.
The apartment in DC is much nicer than the one Steve just left. He donated his furniture to the local chapter of Habitat for Humanity and spent less than an hour packing up what little remains in his life. He left like a ghost, stepping over the threshold and closing the door behind him. No one will know that Captain America lived in this apartment for six months. There are no traces of his existence left behind except for a little more dust than when he moved in.
She’s back in the sunroom, this time with a bottle of vodka. It’s started raining sometime between Tony coming home and now. He bypasses the chaise he sat in last time, sits on the floor beside her. She gives a quiet snort when he asks if she’s okay.
“Yeah, I, uh, I gotta wake up way too early. Pete's got a presentation at school, so I'm gonna meet up with him and Pepper for breakfast beforehand.”
“It's going great, actually. Like I said, Peter's been wonderful. He says he can't wait for you to come home.” Steve exhales, heavy and longing. “I just… I just wanted to hear your voice?”
“Like what? Tony, you know me better than I know myself, sometimes, so what could there be that I haven't told you?”
Steve sighs. “I appreciate it, I really do, but… let’s go home. We’re never going to catch him, not like this, and Sam, you’ve got a job to get back to.”
And if Tony's voice is softer than usual, Steve isn't going to mention it. He presses his lips to Tony's hair, breathes in the scent that only Tony manages to have. The television plays softly in the background, largely ignored but still going in hopes of recapturing its audience. Steve dozes off and on as he holds Tony, quick little naps that are interrupted every time the other man shifts even a little. But Tony doesn't get up, so Steve doesn't let go.
The little boy showed up shortly after Steve turned five ー or, at least, that’s the earliest he can recall seeing the boy. He doesn’t really remember what he’d been doing when the kid appeared off to his right, but he can’t forget the way the boy’s dark curls were slicked back and shining under the hot sun or the way his bare feet in the sand looked completely out of place with the suit he was wearing, fitted perfectly to his small frame. Steve had wondered who the boy was; after all, Ma always said you only dreamed about people you’ve seen in real life, but this boy was as unfamiliar to Steve as going through one single winter without an asthma attack. Then, with the grace of a child who doesn’t
“Yeah, he gets that from his mother.” Tony’s smile is both prideful and tinged with sadness at once, but he continues speaking before Steve can ask any questions. “So how much?”
It’s not supposed to be like this, Steve thinks desperately as the man in the black trenchcoat tells him it’s been seventy years.
He's nearing thirty-two when he finds Tony sitting in an office, staring out enormous windows at the city beyond. He recognises that tall tower about two blocks away, standing taller than surrounding buildings.
"This," replies Tony with a grin, the sight of which makes Steve release a relieved breath that the change of subject was the right thing to do, "is the place to go for the best damn pancakes and coffee in the world." Tony grabs a menu, holding it out across the table; his brow is furrowed again as if he's confused about something. "A friend brought me here when I was younger, and I never forgot it. I'd come back a few times a month, even without Rhodey."
“Sorry to wake you, sir, but there’s been a lot of noise complaints about your room. So, uh, could you please keep it down?”
Loki shrugs, a nonchalant gesture that’s at complete odds to the tightness around his blue eyes. “It’s okay. Ms Potts already called to warn me.”
In response, the doors swish open, and the hallway brightens as light spills out of the workshop. Steve hesitates,  then steps inside. Brilliant blue holoscreens float in the air, and DUM-E beeps as Steve nears. Tony doesn’t glance up from the schematics he’s manipulating around; he does wiggle his fingers in Steve’s direction, though, so Steve counts it as a win. He makes his way across the large space to the couch in the corner. A thick afghan is draped over the back, its mere presence signifying that someone sleeps down here multiple times. He settles into the cushions, sighs as quietly as he can. Tony still hasn’t looked away from his work, too immersed in lining up blueprints and enlarging what appears to be a new suit design. Steve watches the other man’s fingers moving across the screens as if it’s a well-known dance.
ー in his arms, laces their fingers together, and stares at the velvety black overhead, stars twinkling against the void of space beyond. Between the warmth of Tony pressed against him, the knowledge that his future stepson is just in the other room sleeping peacefully, the tang of salt in the warm air, and the sound of waves as they crash on the shore in the distance… Steve is hard-pressed to remember when he’s ever been happier.
Steve pushes himself to his feet, catches a glimpse of his reflection in the mirror above the sink. The tightness around his eyes, the drawn heaviness that drags on his body, the loss and pain on his face… They all serve to remind him of all the ghosts and guilt he carries with him every day, exacerbated by the way his world has been turned upside down repeatedly since he came out of the ice. He swallows past the lump in his throat, straightening his shoulders, and watches how the Captain America mask slips into place and the hurt, the confusion, the Steve part of him disappears.
He was the first to arrive at SHIELD, but that was nothing new. He quickly set up the coffee machine in the breakroom. Coulson arrived right after the coffee finished brewing; in his hand was a bag of pastries from Mama Wilson’s Cafe. Steve accepted the blueberry crumble muffin he was offered with a simple “Thanks, Phil” and let the Head of the Photography Division go on his way. Sam and Natasha were the next to arrive, sharing sleepy smiles and innocent touches; they stopped by to say hello to Steve and share details of the gallery event the night before. Natasha was in the middle of telling Steve how one of the attendees mistook her for an escort (“He seriously told me that I’m too beautiful and ‘fuckable’ to be just a model, then ordered me to tell my boss that if ‘he ever needs more money, I’ll gladly pay double what he needs for a night with you.’”) when Clint stumbled in, bleary-eyed and making a beeline for the pot of coffee.
He folds the letter, making sure the creases are sharp and flat, and slips it into the envelope over the sonogram. After sealing the flap down with wax, he writes
“Fine, fine. I'll just be at my desk, basking in the knowledge that Tony Stark is your sugar daddy.”
There's a soft burst of static then silence. Steve waits for the length of a heartbeat before pulling the phone away.
“How does this work? Like, do we do a dance naked in the middle of a blossoming field under the first full moon of the harvest season? What?”
Tony steals Steve's laugh from his lips, and suddenly, Steve doesn't find any humour in the situation. He tugs Tony closer, tilting his head and parting his lips, losing himself in the sensation and taste and heady dizziness he gets from kissing Tony. Unfortunately, Tony pulls away and grimaces.
want to share but was always taught to, Steve had handed over a pail and shovel, and continued working on his sandcastle.
Tony doesn’t turn around immediately, but when he finally does, Steve is confused to see the mixture of emotions on the other man’s face. There’s a touch of pride, a bit of pleased and comforted, yet also distress. Steve can’t figure it out, can’t fathom why Tony would be so upset by the fact Steve would defend him in a heartbeat ー soulmates or not ー but he is pretty certain that asking would only cause Tony to shut down and hide behind the walls he builds so effortlessly. So he doesn’t mention it, doesn’t say anything else on the topic.
Tony gives him a look that says, clearly, that he thinks Steve is being intentionally obtuse. “Compensation, Steven. You’ve been taking care of my kid, even picked him up from school after I promised you wouldn’t have to. Again, how much?”
Steve finally turns to face Tony, and God, that expression on his face is enough to kill Tony. Steve isn't happy now, so point to the genius who couldn't keep his damn mouth shut. Tony gives up holding back on his impulse and allows his fingers to
“Oh, God, I’m gonna fuck this all up. Even with you there to stop me from turning into Howard Two-Point-Oh, I’m… I’m even less safety-conscious than anyone else in the tower,
“Uh, no, no, I have something figured out. And I promise it won’t fall through this time. Scout’s honour.”
“This is Blue. I’ve had him since I was about your age. My ma gave him to me, and I’ve loved him this whole time. So, yes, really. Stuffies aren’t just for babies.”
Tony rolls his eyes at JARVIS’s announcement. “Of course the brat won’t listen to his infinitely smarter brother. Dum-E, this beautiful woman beside me
“Does it really matter?” Tony whispers as he finally meets Steve's eye for the first time since he stepped through the door.
“You bought dinner. You bought and brought over soup for my sick kid and food for us, even after I cancelled tonight.”
“You just want me to create something awesome to distract Katniss from killing our best shot at having a family.”
Rhodey joins them just as Tony is finishing up connecting wires, and Tony leans into the heavy, comforting hand on his shoulder. Natasha takes her weapon, gives Tony a smile and a
The threat of legal and action and unspoken repercussions seems to do the trick: Though Thor, Clint, and Sam keep watch over the premises along with JARVIS through the next couple of weeks, each night and morning come with the same report: No violation. Happy has taken to staying by Steve’s side whenever he leaves the tower, and, even when Steve comes back and rolls his eyes, telling Tony about all the ways the Head of Security overreacted, he always seems to breathe easier when one more day passes without incident.
“I accept full responsibility for that,” Pepper replies, beaming as she kisses Tony’s cheek; she turns to Steve, extends her arms out for a hug. As soon as she’s close enough, she whispers in his ear, “Thank you for taking care of my boys, so much. It means everything to me that they have someone as wonderful as you.”
Steve wakes early to a dim bedroom and a warm body curled up against his. He tries to lie still, doesn’t want to interrupt Tony’s sleep, but anxiety burns along his nerves. His legs itch and tingle with the need to move; after ten minutes of forcing himself to stay motionless, he can’t handle it any longer, shifting gingerly out of Tony’s arms, slowly rising off the bed. Steve dresses in a pair of loose basketball shorts, a T-shirt, and fresh pair of socks, then makes his way out of the room.
day; between fighting with the Board over the latest “crisis” (not even an actual crisis, for God’s sake, just them worrying about whether the stock is prepared to take a hit) and basically coddling the idiots in R&D until they produced the right specs for the latest StarkTab, Tony is wrung practically dry, and he wonders if one teeny-tiny drink would be considered falling off the proverbial wagon that is Sobriety.
Natasha meets his gaze, and they hesitate for only a second before saying simultaneously, “Tomorrow.”
At Tony’s voice, Steve catches Pepper’s eye in the mirror, and he can’t help but smile. He stands and crosses the room, gathers up her hands in his, and ducks to press a barely-there kiss to her cheek.
“You two are so wonderful,” she announces, looking at Steve then Phil. “You really are. Tony and I, we were worried about dating again, but… I’m really glad that we met you two.”
Days pass, and Steve finds himself roaming the halls of the Tower. He doesn’t speak to anyone on the SI floors beyond a quick hello, but he doesn’t feel bad about that considering how obviously busy they all are. There’s really nothing for Steve to do beyond the occasional call for Avengers intervention, and even those are few and far between. It’s almost surprising how little the team is needed. He’s not complaining, not by a long shot, he can admit that it would be nice to have
The team slips out of the room around nine, promising to come back the next day. Sarah has been fed and changed, and now she’s sleeping in Steve’s arms again. Tony’s phone lights up from where it lays on the table, but he ignores it in favour of curling his body around Steve. His fingers stroke across their daughter’s delicate features, and his heart feels overly full. There’s something that’s nagging at his brain, however. He sighs.
“It’s a lot like dating me, only with more legal benefits,” quips Tony, even as his expression smooths out and his lips twitch.
As if overnight, the Avengers, Pepper, and Coulson are practically experts on pregnancy. Thor had gone back to Asgard with the letter Steve wrote to Frigga and returned with a rose-gold orb (“’Tis for the babe once they are born,” he declared as he handed it to Steve). Rhodey thought Tony was joking when told the news shortly after dinner; only when Pepper confirmed it did he believe it, but Tony knows Rhodey well enough to be aware that, until the baby is born, his best friend will continue to have a kernel of doubt. Tony regrets ever having pulled elaborate pranks on Rhodey.
This gets Peter down. And a knee to the kidney in the middle of the scrambling. Steve winces but pushes to his feet and stretches out the kinks in his back. The notification light on his phone is blinking, so he bends to scoop it up as he heads into the kitchen. Peter is bouncing on the balls of his feet by the counter, staring wide-eyed up at the box of Cap’n Crunch sitting on top of the fridge. Once Steve has poured the cereal into a bowl, added milk, and handed Peter a spoon, he sits in one of the dining chairs and checks his notifications.
As they walk toward the lift, Steve links their hands together, and Tony’s lips tilt upwards – just slightly. “We weren’t sure if it would be better to do this in Thor’s quarters or the penthouse. So we decided on the workshop.”
Tony's laughter was sudden and slightly hysterical as he held the candle up to eye level. "Steve, Steve, oh my - I...
“Hey, let her go.” A woman, not much older than Tony, steps up to Steve's side, glaring at the other man. “No one has the right to grab another person without permission. Now scram.”
"Clint, call Coulson, please. Make sure he doesn't try to involve Fury or Hill. I want this kept in-house. Get in touch with Ms Potts, Natasha, and see if she'll bring a few of their legal team along, if you're okay with that, Tony?”
Nuzzling into the back of Steve’s neck, ignoring the hair that tickles at his nose, Tony breathes in deeply, lets go of consciousness.
Then he'd found a job in construction that allowed him to work only one job instead of three; it paid more, which was to be expected with building corporate buildings for the large companies. For nearly two years he worked hard, and though he was often gone before the sun came up, he was home before dinnertime, and Steve vaguely remembers the sound of his father's laughter and the way his large hands were calloused but gentle with love. His memory is sharper, though, when it comes to recalling his ma’s screaming as she got the news that there was an incident on a job site, that some safety equipment had failed, and they'd lost a couple men, Joseph included. The company in charge of the crew somehow managed to evade a settlement, forcing Sarah and Steve out of their home; his ma's income hadn't been enough to afford the two-bedroom house they'd lived in since before Steve's birth.
Thankfully, the child keeps his head tilted back as Steve massages shampoo into his hair then rinses it out; Steve makes sure to keep one hand cupped around the top of Peter’s forehead to prevent soapy water from dripping into his eyes. Peter tugs the washcloth from Steve’s hand once it’s coated in body wash, claiming he can scrub himself. To Steve’s complete surprise, the kid isn’t lying: Hhe can even reach the middle of his back with just a little bit of contorting. Even more unexpected is the fact that Peter is ready to get out of the bath as soon as he’s rinsed off. Steve helps him towel-dry then goes in search of
“If, for any reason…” He stops, clears his throat. “If this doesn't work out, I will kill you if you take it out on Peter. I mean, I don't think you will, but the threat ー no, the
Tony helps Steve pack away the paints. “Remember the designs for the green plant we were working to get approved in Tokyo? Well, they were
Steve rolls his eyes and sets the phone on the nightstand. He noticed Tony didn’t mention them talking once Steve is done with his plans, but he understands why. He stretches himself out on the bed and rests his head on one arm. He isn’t sure how much sleep he’ll get tonight, but he has to at least try. A small part of him wishes he’d stayed at the tower ー there, he never had to worry about waking the neighbours if he woke up screaming for Bucky. He knows, though, that remaining in New York hasn’t been an option since the moment he found out his best friend is alive.
Tony rolls his eyes as the schematics suddenly vanish. “Don’t use my AI to do your dirty deeds, Cap,” he grouses but does turn toward Steve. “I’m looking at you now. What’s up?”
“We should really start baby-proofing this place,” he quietly announces after a few minutes of silence.
“Thank you,” Steve breathes, his mouth pressing a soft kiss to Tony’s neck, and Tony huffs out a humourless laugh.
doesn't, think that you should even be a superhero, but the thing is, you're going to keep being the friendly neighbourhood Spiderman whether you have backup or not, and if you join us, you'll have the required training to not die five minutes in, and you'll have someone to help on the bigger things.”
“Oh, darling, I’m not making fun of you. But Steve, calm down. It’s a child, not a bomb bringing about the end of the world. Just feed the kid if he’s hungry, turn on cartoons or give him a pen and paper if he’s bored. Treat him nice, and if you’re really this uncomfortable about it, tell the father you can’t do it again. Steve?”
Steve opens his mouth, closes it when he realises he has nothing to respond with. He settles for shaking his head.
Unfortunately, masturbating doesn’t have quite the same effect as actual intercourse. Steve is still on edge, still cranky, no matter how many times he locks himself in his room. He’s slightly less liable to snap at the others for very minor annoyances, but this only means he’s keeping the complaints to himself.
and leave, expecting to be long gone before the recipient of said letter even got the chance to read it?”
“I, um, I appreciate how much effort you’ve put into researching adoption agencies and surrogates. This is…a lot more than I thought could be done.”
The hour passes slowly; though neither man talks, Steve knows Tony is still awake. His own mind is racing, so he can imagine how much of a shock this must be for the genius. He hadn’t meant to just blurt it out like that, but between the way the words have fought their way to the surface in the past few months and the overwhelming urge to be a father, he had no chance of keeping it to himself any longer. He almost wishes Tony would shout at him, antagonise him, pick a damn fight with him, anything but silently allow Steve to hold him tightly like this. Steve presses a gentle kiss to his lover’s hair, letting his fingers dance softly up Tony’s spine.
Silence, oppressive and choking, settles on the workshop, and Tony continues to stare at the mess on the concrete. Old coffee dredges slither along like a black, liquid snake, winding a path away from the centre of the wreckage. He aches with the force of his confession, the damning nature of Steve not saying anything.
She holds her hands up in surrender and turns on her heel to go to her desk. Steve catches sight of her signing something to Clint; the man sprints toward the coffeemaker, nabs the carafe, and bolts back across the room to deposit it onto Kate’s desk, hissing all the way as drops of hot coffee splash across his hands whenever the pot is jolted. She gives him an unimpressed look but accepts his gift. Steve can’t stop the chuckle that escapes at the pair. Thor, visiting for a bit, laughs at their antics.
Words get lost as Tony captures his mouth in a hot, burning kiss. Steve wraps his arms around Tony’s shoulders, lets Tony pull him to his feet. When they finally separate, they’re both breathing hard, and Tony’s fingers are pressing hard enough to bruise Steve’s waist.
Peter whines when Steve shakes him awake, but his sleepiness disappears when he's told that Happy is here to take him to his mom's. The child scrabbles his way out of his blankets ー and really, how can such a small child make such a mess of the bedsheets? ー and hurries out of the room. Steve closes his eyes, just for a moment, when he hears the delighted shriek of Happy's name, then he stands and heads to the dresser. Once he has a pair of jeans and a t-shirt pulled out, he sets them on the rocking chair in the corner.
“I...I don’t know, I’m not going to lie, I really don’t. But isn’t it worth the risk, if it turns out better than you’re afraid of?” Steve squeezes gently on Tony’s hand. “Isn’t it worth it to
understand the agony and fear that comes with an attack, an explosion that destroys their transport and takes their lives as easily as a candle being snuffed out by a breeze. Thankfully, that's the most of a response that Steve gets. Tony doesn't offer platitudes or words of wisdom about something he hasn't witnessed, and he sure as hell doesn't tell Steve that he'll be fine. It's been a few years since then, and Steve has mostly gotten through the trauma, but he still has a hard time opening up about it. He clears his throat, takes a sip of the wine, tries ー and fails at ー not grimacing at the dry, bittersweet taste. Tony catches his expression, laughing softly, and reaches across the table to snag Steve's glass away. He barely has to stretch to set it on the counter; Steve is oddly grateful for it. If the glass had remained, he would continue to drink it, never mind how disgusting he finds the liquid.
Natasha takes Peter by the hand and leads him away. Tony stares after his son, his lips curved up at the corners. Steve feels less apprehensive about the situation. He knows that his friends will accept Tony and Peter into the group without hesitation, but Tony has a prickly exterior that makes it hard for people to get close. Steve understands why ー he doesn't find Tony unreasonable for having his guard up, but he's been afraid that Tony wouldn't let himself be brought into the dynamics without fuss. But here he is, standing at Steve's side, watching as his child flits from person to person and demands attention without much effort at all. He tugs Tony closer, wraps an arm around his waist, and presses a kiss to his temple once Peter's engrossed in listening to Thor wax poetic about the wonders of Spiderman. Tony smiles up at Steve but doesn't pull away.
Steve pulls his phone away from his ear to check the time; Tony’s right. “Oh. Well…you can still go. We’ve got this, I promise.”
The woman cocks her head. “Friends? Ah, well, can't expect everything to come as it should. As to your inquiries, I am what you mortals have dubbed Fate. I keep watch over all the realms, keep watch over what is written in the stars. I control what comes to pass, what is destined. I… May I sit, please? I've travelled a long distance, and this is best told when I am comfortable.”
“What I’m about to teach you isn’t a necessity, but it’s something that is best to learn to do in case you decide you want to at a later time. Or never at all.” She shrugs and shakes the can; it takes far too much of Steve’s brainpower to avoid watching the way her breasts bounce beautifully in the thin cups of her bra. “Even if you don’t shave at all during all of this, at least you’ll know how so you can teach your daughter, if you have one.”
Tony sighs tiredly, and the glass clinks on the bar as he sets it down. He still doesn’t turn to Steve. “I’m not going to kick you out. This is your home, too, Steve. Just… stay.”
It isn’t much, but it’s enough for Steve. His mark pulsates with the desire he feels, the need for the connection and touch and Tony. Tony shifts, and Steve lets the other man push him until he’s lying flat on his back. Tony’s fingers are cool, feather-light, when he slips them under the hem of Steve’s shirt. Steve bites down on his tongue hard to prevent himself from laughing; Tony seems to understand why Steve is struggling to keep his amusement locked up, because he wiggles his fingers along Steve’s skin. Steve can’t fight it any more. He bursts into laughter and tries to squirm away from Tony’s tickling, but Tony doesn’t allow him to escape, rapidly moving so that he’s straddling Steve’s hips. Steve reaches up with one hand, tugging Tony down so Steve can brush their lips together. Tony exhales sharply, and Steve takes it as permission. He wraps his hand around the back of Tony’s neck, the other hand cupping his ass. Tony’s hips jerk forward as his mouth opens for Steve.
Tony doesn’t know how to explain his hesitance, especially when he knows Steve is right; this isn’t Tony’s first business trip during their relationship. “Yeah, but you’re pregnant this time.”
"Yeah." Steve sighs. "Like I said, after you left, I kinda hid in my bathroom and called my Ma, 'cause I was freaking out. He musta overheard me. I didn't tell him what the emergency was, since I didn't know, still don't - and that's fine! You don't gotta tell me, so don't feel like ya do. But he asked what an emergency was, so I explained that an emergency is something that needs to be taken care of right away, like a broken leg. He, uh... He asked if you were gonna come back for him, I think he meant coming back for him in a few hours, not in general, and I told him, yeah, 'cause you love him so much. Then we started drawing, he can keep the sketchbook if he wants, I don't need it. I'm just gonna shut up now."
Both Tony and Steve fall silent at the tearful shriek coming from deeper inside Tony’s apartment. Peter stands at the edge of the hallway in just his underwear; his face is red, eyes shining brightly in the glare from the lamps around the living room. Belatedly, awkwardly, Steve lets the hand still holding the money to Tony’s chest, fall to his side.
Steve flushes even more; Tony laughs, wraps an arm around Steve’s shoulders, and steers them toward the lift. The look on his face makes Steve squirm in delighted anticipation. Nat’s smirking face is the last thing Steve sees before the elevator doors slide shut.
His harsh gasp breaks the silence of the early morning as Steve sits up abruptly in his bed. The sheets tangle around his legs, tearing when he jerks his way out of them. He stares down at the scraps, near-shadows in the dim lighting coming from the windows. His heart pounds in his chest, and his blood rushes in his ears. He barely manages to hear JARVIS inquiring about his status over the chaos in his brain.
He wants to go lie down in Tony's bed, to wrap himself in blankets that smell like Tony, just so he feels less lonely, but he can't. Peter might wake up, and the double-date had ended with Pepper, Phil, Tony, and Steve coming to an agreement of not flaunting their respective relationships quite yet. So Steve is relegated to the couch until further notice. Which is… it's fine, it really is. But the cushions don't hold the scent of Tony's cologne and body wash. He sighs, pulling out his phone.
Unfortunately, Steve gets the feeling that Tony is holding him at arm’s length. They don’t talk about being soulmates again, and Tony looks incredibly uncomfortable whenever
“To be fair, none of us were that thrilled about us trusting Loki. Bucky would love the fact he’s getting a niece, though, right?”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t think me offering money would cause such a fuss. I just… Steve, you have to realise that I didn’t mean to offend or upset you. It was literally just to pay you back for babysitting a kid you don’t know. I mean, I know you’ve seen him around my apartment a few times, but you’d never actually met him before I just dropped him off at your door. And I never would’ve done that if it hadn’t been an absolute emergency.”
Tony holds Steve through the tears, the adrenalin crash, through even more fussing. By the time the rest of the team joins them, freshly showered and fed with the traditional post-battle meal, Steve has calmed down, but he doesn’t leave Tony’s side; when Tony goes into the kitchen for drinks and snacks, Steve watches him closely. Tony is more than willing to accept this mother-hen act.
“I can see why that would be a fear for both of you. At least you had warning that Steve was undergoing a gender-swap –”
The way Queen Frigga explains the process seems rather straightforward, if a bit different than either Steve or Tony expected: The magic required to allow Steve to experience the pregnancy while still male is complex and carries dangerous risk to both him and the foetus, due to the fact that, even with magic, the male body is incapable of carrying a baby to term. However, a transformation spell is much easier, more stable, and has longer periods of time between re-casting.
Tony laughs when Gary shrugs, says a goodbye, and heads toward the elevators. He’ll never admit that he stuffs himself into a nearly full car at the last minute just to prolong the inevitable. Twelve stops later, he steps into the lobby outside the CEO’s office. Her receptionist gestures for him to go in, so he pushes the door open with his usual flair. Pepper is already glaring at him; he sheds the cockiness, closes the door behind him. At least she waits for him to sit before she launches into her tirade.
“You want me to marry your daddy and your mommy to marry Mister Phil, just so you can have three daddies?” Steve clarifies, struggles not to laugh; he evidently doesn’t do a good job, because Peter glares up at him and blows out a breath.
“He wouldn’t be outside the ‘partment if you lived together,” Peter retorts mulishly and shoves another bite into his mouth, his expression petulant in the face of his father’s exasperation. “
we talked.” His eyes glaze over a bit, then after a moment, he shakes his head and rejoins the conversation, pinning Steve with a heavy, pointed look. His sigh causes his body to lose its tightness, and he lets his hands fall to his lap. “Look, I don’t know where you got the idea that I hate you ー”
Steve’s thrashing wildly on the bed, one arm outstretched in the air. His lips are forming silent words; he’s covered in a thin sheen of sweat, and his face is twisted like he’s in extreme pain. Tony can’t find it in him to enjoy the sight of red cotton pants decorated with tsum-tsum Iron Man figures, not while Steve’s in the tight grasp of a nightmare.
“SHIELD isn't SHIELD, though, Agent,” says Tony; it isn't threatening, it isn't even particularly forceful, it's simply a fact. “SHIELD has had HYDRA in its midst for, Hell, since its inception. You guys couldn't suss that out at any time during the last century. No offence, but how the hell can you assume HYDRA still isn't involved? These double-agents are very good at the long con, and you can never tell if they're genuinely on board with SHIELD, or if they're just waiting for the chance to do some damage from the inside out.”
, Tony! At least if I was warned, I’d be able to answer questions regarding the situation instead of being blindsided as I’m walking into work.”
It takes Natasha whispering in his ear to force Clint into action. His arms drop in a jerky motion, and he turns on his heel and stalks out of the room. Nat follows immediately after with one last glacial glare at Thor and his guest. Finally, the trio are alone, and Steve pinches the bridge of his nose, trying desperately to keep a steady head.
“You okay?” Tony asks after a few minutes of silence; his fingers play with the stem of his wine glass, but he doesn’t take a drink.
“Oops, sorry, forgot to warn ya, I'm a snooper, I snoop. Pepper says I really need to stop it, but it's ingrained in me, I can't just
“I haven’t taken a bath since I was seven, Ma,” he responds petulantly, still being stared down by the four-year-old. “I don’t know if there’s some special rule.”
Keeping the secret has been harder than Steve initially thought it would be. He finds himself almost blurting it out at every turn. Clint helps keep most of the focus off of Steve, especially on Team-Bonding Nights when everyone settles in with their alcohol of choice as they watch movies or play board games (Thor is surprisingly skilled at Operation; Coulson is unpredictably the worst). It hasn’t even been a week since the positive test result, and already, Steve is struggling.
Steve can't hear over the rushing in his ears, blood pounding and heart racing. He doesn't think, doesn't second-guess himself, just leans forward and presses his lips against Tony's. It's graceless, clumsy, and a sharp spike of pain lances through his mouth. His hands clutch at Tony's shoulders; he fumbles  as he tries to wrap his arms around Tony's  neck as something hard and round presses into his chest when he pushes closer. Tony stiffens in his grip before he jerks away. Steve's eyes burn with tears of humiliation as he stares, uncomprehending, at Tony.
“He's right,” comes Clint's voice from the ventilation shafts, and Steve sighs as a clattering echoes through the corridor and suddenly the man himself drops down to stand slightly behind Tony. “The kid can fight as it is, but without proper training, he's gonna get very overwhelmed very fast.”
Before he can blink, Natasha is straddling his chest, her knee against his throat. He swallows and stares up into her eyes; he can still breathe easily, but he knows she’s serious, doesn’t voice the innuendo-laden joke that pops into his brain.
Coulson stares at Tony, everyone stares at Tony, and Steve waits with bated breath for someone, anyone, to speak. Ms Potts remains silent, her lips thin in her face; Rhodes rolls his eyes but claps a hand to Tony's shoulder; Tony seems to wilt just a little under the apparent approval, and just like that, the others announce their agreement, even if it's a bit reluctant. Coulson nods once succinctly before looking down to make a note on the legal pad. Tony calls out for JARVIS to show the list of the compromises that will make up the Accords. The holoscreen hovers in the air above the table, and Steve reads over the points, a heady warmth growing in his gut at the final bullet:
He comes back to reality and blinks until there’s only one Steve standing beside him. “Sorry, thinking.”
“If I were to be found out for having interfered, I… I do not even wish to speak of the consequences I would face. I broke the oath I took so long ago, but I do not regret this decision. You have proven yourselves worthy of the title bestowed upon you ー Earth's mightiest heroes. Stay together, no matter what happens. More than just Earth and its inhabitants will need you soon. In less time than I fear.
Tony is quiet for a moment, his eyes narrowed as he studies Steve closely; finally, he nods, one succinct dip of his chin. “Not bad, Steven. But yeah, this morning was a mess, and I feel really bad about everything. Peter was panicking, I was trying not to yell at him because I was pissed at you, it was… Quite frankly, it was an experience I’d rather not ever repeat, thank you. He, uh, he really likes you watching him.”
“Of course,” Thor responds, his grip tightening around Mjølnir, as Tony waves a hand toward the ceiling and JARVIS voices his assent.
Before she can say anything, Tony takes the infant from Steve and places her in Natasha’s arms. The redhead’s are suspiciously bright, and there’s a slight tic in her jaw, but she looks directly in Tony’s eyes and nods once. Tony kisses her forehead and steps back.
May's looks different in the evening, a silhouette against a twilight sky; the large windows are bursting with light, and just beyond the panes of glass, a waitress refills glasses at a table for four, another carries a tray to a booth toward the back, and the man from before ー was his name Ben? ー stands behind the cash register, laughing and talking as he takes money from a departing patron. Steve finally drags his eyes away from the tableau in front of him only to find Tony staring at him with eyes softened by...something, and a slight smile on his lips. Steve grins back, brings Tony’s hand to his lips, and kisses the skin before leaning over to kiss Tony’s cheek.
, Steve thinks before he steps through the door, tapping lightly on the wood as he does so. Tony spins in his chair, nearly upending it in his surprise, and Steve smiles ruefully while Tony steadies the chair and settles in once more.
Steve is thirty, and it's been two months since he last saw Tony. Two long months of hoping that Tony would show up but only being disappointed when he didn't. Bucky’s noticed Steve's preoccupation, has asked a few times if Steve is okay. Bucky never doubted that Steve's dreams were real, that Tony is a real person and there is an unexplained connection between Tony and Steve.  And Steve is so grateful for that, he really is, but he hates it sometimes. Like right now, when Bucky knows why Steve is withdrawn, exhausted all the time, desperate for something.
The pizza is delivered within forty-five minutes. By this time, Peter has eaten a banana, a granola bar, tin of yoghurt, and a piece of bread. Steve isn’t sure how many slices of pizza to give the kid, but Peter takes the decision out of his hands by grabbing one of the smaller triangles. They eat quietly together, and Steve tries to ignore witnessing Peter peeling chopped bacon off his slice.
“Um, I have no idea. I guess I could tell you about the time I broke an ankle jumping off a second-story fire escape.”
Tony ducks his head, capturing Steve’s lips momentarily before pulling away long enough to press soft kisses to the smooth arch of Steve’s throat. He can feel the flutter of the blond’s heartbeat beneath his lips; he nips and sucks at the skin, savours the keening noise it produces from the most beautiful mouth he’s ever encountered. Though Steve’s body is different, he tastes the same on Tony’s tongue as the brunet licks at a sensitive spot.
“I've… I've been dreaming about Tony since I was five years old. Like, not just dreaming about him, I mean, he's in my dreams, but we're able to communicate. My ma always said it was my overactive imagination, but I don't think it was. There's no way my brain would ever have come up with someone like Tony on its own. I'm not nearly smart enough or creative enough to be able to have ever heard the kinds of things he's talked about. I'm not dumb, but… Tony's way smarter than I am, and I couldn't ever come up with an explanation as to why artificial intelligence isn't as scary as people think or the solutions to green energy like he's been telling me for the past year or two.
It’s been a little over two weeks since Tony left. Each day has gotten harder to deal with. Steve hates that this time apart has been more unbearable than any other time Tony’s been gone. Steve isn’t sure if it’s the hormones or something else; all he knows is he’s grateful that he’ll only have this last night alone, and then Tony will be home.
Natasha runs her fingers through Steve’s hair, raps her knuckles gently against on Tony’s forehead, and exits the room. Clint shrugs, following after his best friend. Steve closes his eyes and leans against Tony.
Tony watches as Steve steps onto the elevator, watches as Steve stares at the floor as the doors close. The penthouse rings with the deafening silence left behind. He crosses the room, dropping onto the couch where Steve had sat. The lights of the city shine brightly through the tall windows; with a sigh, he lets his head fall back against the couch, stares up at the ceiling.
Peter’s chest puffs with pride, and he swaggers around the room to display the tux that he’s been dressed in. Steve chuckles and sits on the arm of the sofa nearby, watches the proceedings. Peter strutting seems to have strengthened Pepper’s fragile grasp on her emotions, because her eyes are no longer filled with tears, and she’s smiling as her gaze tracks her son’s movements.
apartment ー that’s bigger than any other one he’s ever lived in before. It’s decorated nicely, he has to admit, in neutral, non-offending shades of eggshell whites, and earthy browns, and reds. Steve stands in the living room and turns around slowly to take it all in. He is still so confused by Tony’s generosity. Why would someone who detests him so much do something so nice, be so giving? Steve’s eye catches on the radio that sits in the corner, an old thing that was most likely bought from an estate sale and wouldn’t have looked out of place in a wealthy man’s parlour in the 1940s. He steps closer to admire it but hesitates when he sees a folded sheet of paper lying on top.
“A lump of wax in the shape of a dick? Phallic symbolism made of the byproducts of honeybees? Am I still gonna be in trouble?” Tony cackled when Steve shot him an unimpressed state. “Steve, stop glaring! This is important!”
Steve is twenty-eight, so close to being thirty, and he keeps getting hit with the pain of never hearing his Ma’s voice asking him when he’s going to settle down, maybe have some babies. She’d asked a lot during his teen years why he’d go on so many double-dates with Bucky and whatever girl was on his arm that night, but Steve would never keep up the relationship. Steve had been on the verge of reminding her of Tony, telling her how he felt about the other boy, but he knew she still wouldn’t understand. She thought he’d grown out of that phase of believing his dreams are reality, and he hadn’t wanted to disappoint her. Even though he knows his brain isn’t nearly creative enough to come up with someone as beautiful and wonderful and amazing and
She glances up from her phone with a soft tilt to her lips. “‘WhosThatGirl’ is trending on Twitter and Facebook, tumblr is blowing up with fan-theories about what the appearance of a random woman on your lunch date means, and multiple media outlets have already started picking up the story. There are no whispers as to this being a hoax or cover-up for any scandal. So I’d say it went swimmingly.”
“No, I didn’t automatically forgive him. I did listen to him, though. He explained that his insecurities got the best of him and that he knows it isn’t a good enough reason. He even offered to go back into therapy.”
They’re moving before the words are fully spoken, but JARVIS replies anyway, a thread of anger in his voice.“Of course, Agent Barton.”
Happy wears an uncharacteristically sombre expression, doesn’t greet Tony beyond a succinct “Boss” as he opens the rear door to Pepper’s favourite town–car.  The drive back to the tower is quiet with the partition up and Clint refusing to speak; Tony sees the hearing aids resting on the seat. So he dry-swallows a couple ibuprofen, sits back, and tries not to freak out in the time it takes for the car to finally park in the underground garage.
His hand clenches into a tight fist on his knee, and his breathing grows harsh. The walls seem to be closing in on him; he squeezes his eyes shut tightly and focuses on controlling his breathing, but it doesn’t help, he can’t breathe. Gasping in shallow gulps of air, Steve stumbles for the door, hand fumbling on the knob until he finally,
“Body, body-swap,” Tony interjects. “He’s still Steve, all the way to his core. It’s his body that’s different.”
“I… I know seeing Loki here was a shock, and I’m sorry it happened the way it did. But he’s here for a reason.”
, the knee-jerk reaction to Tony's rejection so close to the surface that it's harder than it should have been. “Can, can I ask why?”
Tony doesn’t even stumble when he pulls Steve into his arms and starts walking backwards, their lips never parting; Steve, however, isn’t as graceful. He trips over his feet a few times until they come to a stop in a bedroom. Late afternoon light filters through dimmed windows, landing in long strips across the carpeted floor.
screams down at everyone in a multitude of colours, all of which are neon against a vivid purple background. Tony huffs out an amused laugh when he sees the two arrows holding the banner in place. A smaller table holds a pile of wrapped presents.
Happy jumps out of the driver’s seat, pulls open the back door; Clint is the first to emerge, wearing a deep purple button-down and a blazer with his best pair of jeans. Sam follows in a fitted suit, turning back to help Natasha out. Bulbs flash brightly, rapidly, at the sight of her gown, all burnished gold clinging to her curves and ending in a gentle flare at the bottom. Thor and Jane are next. Even standing by a literal god, Jane is strikingly beautiful in a pale blue dress, more demure than Nat’s but no less stunning. Steve feels a stab of sympathy for her, knowing how uncomfortable and way out of her comfort zone she is. Tony finally steps out, and Steve’s breath catches. The tux he’s in fits Tony like a second skin. His Press Smile is already firmly on his face, and he waves and ducks back down to give Pepper a hand. Steve can practically see the headlines for tomorrow’s gossip columns, words screaming of Tony and Pepper being in a relationship again.
Steve doesn’t speak but allows Tony to turn his body. Tony, to nobody’s surprise, takes a (not so quick) moment to rake his gaze over his partner’s body, appreciating the solid wall of muscles and, quite frankly, beautiful form in front of him. Before his cock can get too excited at the sight, he shakes his head (mentally; he doesn’t want to freak Steve out, he’s not an idiot), and grabs the blue mesh sponge and body wash. He can see the tension slightly lessen in Steve’s body with each swipe of the sponge; pressing a soft kiss to the underside of the blond’s jaw, Tony lowers himself to his knees and gently scrubs at the legs he loves wrapped around his hips in the middle of the night. His hands burn with the desire to bring Steve to hardness, stroke him until he’s a trembling mess, but that would be counterproductive to the goal Tony is striving toward, so he avoids the temptation as much as possible.
Pepper kisses his cheek and dabs at her eyes with a tissue. Natasha’s embrace is quick but warm, full of unspoken emotions. He squeezes her hand gently then turns to head back to the room. His body feels lighter than it has in years; he can’t stop smiling. He stops outside the nursery window, searches for his baby. She’s asleep in the plastic bassinet, swaddled in the blankets the hospital provided.
“Yeah, five dollars. I mean, it’s not that difficult, and it’s not like I’m actually doing any travelling, ya know? You live right across the hall, so…”
She doesn't believe him ー she never does, she's too smart for that ー but she stays quiet, just gives him that look like she can see right through him. With a heavy sigh that does nothing to dim the smile she's wearing, mostly for the show of it, so no one knows just how done she is with Tony's bullshit, she lets him lead her in a smooth, graceful arc across the dancefloor. They twirl and spin and waltz for three more songs before Tony has had enough, he needs to get out of here. He presses a gentle kiss to her cheek, leads her toward Natasha, and passes Pepper off with a “Be home by midnight, or you're grounded” that sounds flat and awkward, even to his own ears.
She smiles and reaches for his hand, squeezes gently. “Just don’t ask me to babysit. I’ve done enough of that with you.”
“Five things you need to approve and sign or reject and sign. Either way, I’m leaving with five signatures. The plant manager of the London branch is waiting for a video chat on the tablet; he says he has some questions about the most recent memo and won’t take my word on anything, wants to hear it from the ‘man in charge who knows what he’s talking about’, as if I don’t know this company and its memos as well as, if not better than, you do. Also, I brought something for Steve. Where is he?”
He turns his head toward Tony who doesn't look exactly happy about the announcement. "Oh. Okay. So what is this place?"
is an atrocity and demanded the team be in the theatre room at eight o’clock on the dot one night, and it’s become a ritual: Steve and Thor gather up snacks (“You have the biggest arms, you can carry more!” Clint said when he ordered them to the kitchen the first time), while the others prepared the seats with blankets and pillows. The movie-watching routine slowly migrates to the living room after a couple of weeks, and everyone seems much happier being able to sprawl out on the overstuffed couches. Even on nights when Tony has SI work or something he can’t get away from in the workshop, Steve will show up, stuff as many bags of pretzels and chips as he can in his arms, and find his way to a sofa, but it’s never the same without Tony mocking the films incessantly under his breath from where he sits on Steve’s left. Thankfully, those times aren’t as often as Steve would have anticipated; Tony seems to actively make an effort to be there.
"You and Loki gotta start being public with your displays of affection, which means you'll have to practise until it comes naturally."
“I’m not drunk, I swear. I’ll even do a sobriety test or-or a blood alcohol content test. But I haven’t been drinking. I’m not drunk. I am, however, insanely exhausted. I’ve been on my feet all damn day, dealing with idiots, trying not to throttle people in R&D because they can’t understand anything.”
Steve stands when everyone else does, and as one, the group turns to face the back end of the aisle. Tony is beaming as he walks arm-in-arm with the gorgeous bride. Her gaze is solely on Phil, brimming with unshed tears and a smile tugging at the corner of her lips. Steve catches Tony’s eye as they pass, and Tony winks quickly before he steps forward again. The ceremony seems to go by in a blur, vows being spoken in love-filled voices that brings a tear to even Steve’s eyes, the gentle crash of waves in the background. When the minister pronounces them man and wife, the cacophony of voices cheering drowns out everything else, except for Peter’s shrieked “
Steve's heart clenches in his chest, and he's pretty sure it isn't the liquor that's making him want to throw up all over the expensive sheets. His hands slip and slide on the silk as he scrambles to sit up, and Tony's there, helping him up. Steve shoves him away, but drunken and still so small for his age, he's not very successful. Tony holds his hands up in surrender, though, acquiescing and not touching Steve any more.
Steve tears the page carefully from the sketchbook and folds it up. He writes Tony's name on the outside, places it on the coffee table. Once he's done washing the few dishes he's used, Steve gathers up his bag and shield and steps out into the hallway. He stops long enough to run a fingertip reverently, regretfully, over the shield in the door then pushes on.
“There is one more point that must be discussed. Considering that Captain Rogers will be with child, we cannot, in good conscience, accept that his job will put him in danger. If we do assist you, it must be on the condition that he not go into battle.”
Tony laughs quietly. “Relax, Steve, I’ll take care of you.” He sobers up, pinning Steve with a serious look. “If you don’t like something, tell me. I don’t care what it is. I need you to be honest with me.”
“Sometimes I think we live in an armoury,” Steve says with a soft chuckle, picking up a knife and whetstone from off the dining table. “I’d say this is all just the way it’s done in this century, but I really don’t think the average family has this many weapons just lying around.”
“No,” Steve whispers, closes his eyes against the guilt welling up. “I'm sorry. I shouldn’ be makin’ you feel bad. I know you're busy, you always are.”
The first night in the new flat is sleepless; it’s too quiet without squeaky pipes, neighbours blaring music at all hours of the night, or cops speeding by on the street. Steve lies in bed with his hands tucked under his head and stares at the ceiling. His mind travels idly, thoughts switching from topic to topic. By the time the clock reads just after four in the morning, he’s long given up on attempting to sleep.
Steve claps a hand over his mouth and nose at the snorting laugh that escapes him. Thankfully, only Phil seems to have heard it; he pats Steve’s bicep and turns away so that neither man bursts into laughter. Even Pepper seems to be fighting her own mirth. Tony sighs, cards his fingers through Peter’s hair.
“I just regret that you wouldn’t let me destroy AIM while I had the chance,” Tony mutters darkly as he stabs a fry into the puddle of ketchup on his plate.
Steve opens up the messaging application and sees that the inbox is already set up, full of threads with each of his teammates ー so obviously Tony’s doing. Steve ignores the warmth that flares up in his chest and opens up the thread with Tony, whose name is at the bottom of the list. He stares at the blinking cursor in the compose box. What should he say?
“Captain Rogers, it is expected to feel odd or different after this kind of spellwork. Do you remember what happened?”
“Oh, um, hi. Tony didn’t… Well, he didn’t tell me how to close out of the, uh, the programs on this phone?”
Peter climbs over Tony's lap, launching himself into Ben's arms the moment the man is close enough. Ben's laughter is warm, infectious, as he embraces the child tightly.
What follows is a long string of coordinates, and Steve skims over them, hoping to recognise any of the numbers. He knows that if they have this list, then Bucky does, too. It’s just a guessing game as to which he’ll hit next and hopefully getting there first.
With no small amount of trepidation, Steve toes off his flats and slowly nears the bed. It takes him a full minute to gain the courage to rip off the tape and open the flaps of the box. A piece of paper lies right on top; he pulls it out, sets it aside, and reaches for the items inside. From each of the three cloth bags tumbles –
” into the skin there, and steps away. Steve can’t see their baby through the nurses, but he convinces himself not to panic. He can hear her clearly, and besides, Tony would tell him if something is wrong. So he relaxes, catches his breath.
“You did a good thing, inviting Tony out to the cookout. And Peter. Tony would never admit it, but he’s trying to not just...thrust Peter into your life too quickly.”
Steve laughs nervously. "Yeah, my ma and I used to watch it whenever I was sick as a kid. I didn't think about turning on cartoons for him. As I said, I'm not used to kids, so..."
“I’m scared,” whispers Steve as he squeezes his eyes shut against tears. “She’s not supposed to be coming yet.”
“You’re amazing,” Tony whispers, pressing a butterfly-soft kiss to Steve’s cheek, and Steve watches as he heads to his door. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Steve.”
plays on the television, when the elevator dings quietly. Phil doesn’t pause in the act of massaging Steve’s feet, even as Sam, Natasha, and Clint turn away from the movie. Clint lets out a relieved groan; he tosses his hands in the air before he stands and crosses the room in five long strides.
Tony tugs away out of Steve's grip with a mischievous grin. He finishes his coffee, sets the mug on the counter, and turns toward the hall. Steve doesn't get much of a warning before Tony's shoving the boxer-briefs down and stepping out of them, walking out of the kitchen completely naked, his ass swaying just a bit as he goes. Steve has never been one to back down from a challenge, and though Tony isn't presenting much of one, Steve refuses to let this so-called challenge slide without grasping at the opportunity with both hands.
The man's brow raises; his mouth opens and closes a few times before he clears his throat."Tony. Now, come on, or Peter's liable to eat his own hands."
And now he's eighteen and in college, and Tony's nineteen and already graduated. This time, they're in a dark room, sitting side by side on Tony's bed, and Tony is drunk and still in mourning though it's been exactly two years since his parents died. The anniversary of their deaths is difficult for Steve to handle, and he doesn't want to imagine what it would be like if the roles were reversed, if it was his Ma in the ground and his heart ripped from his chest. Tony’s fingernails dig into Steve's palm as they cling to each other tightly; Tony clings for comfort, and Steve clings to keep Tony here with him, selfish as always but unwilling to give up any time with Tony.
Thor stands in the centre of the room between the couch and television, hands help up in a placating manner. Natasha is deadly still; her face is a hard mask, and her green eyes are full of icy, calculating fury. One of her hands is at her waist, and Steve is almost surprised to realise she’s still carrying knives around as if she expects to be attacked in her own home. Then he reminds himself it’s Natasha, of course she’s armed no matter where she is. What gets the most of his focus, though, is the fact that Clint has an arrow nocked and drawn in his ever-present bow, aiming at Thor, his face pale with rage.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m ー I’m fine now, thanks, JARVIS. You, uh, sound like you’ve done this before.” When JARVIS doesn’t respond, Steve realises that if the AI
“Thank God for tinted windows” is all he manages to say before he’s dropping Loki’s hand and kissing Steve.
Steve hates the sardonic edge to Tony’s voice, the hardened expression on his face, but he answers as honestly as he can, “Because when Peter’s with you, your recycle bin is full of paper, not liquor bottles. Because he’s such an amazing, confident kid, and that only happens when he has encouraging, caring, attentive parents. You
He kisses her head, and Steve wants to protest Tony’s “rule”, but he’s interrupted by a jaw-cracking yawn. Tony smiles, reaches for his hand, and tells him to rest. For once, Steve doesn’t argue. He falls asleep staring at his little family.
Before Bucky can speak, Tony interrupts, explaining to both T'Challa and Steve's best friend how the Accords came to be. He even tells Bucky that Shuri is his best hope, that if anyone can do it, it's her. And isn't it just like Tony, to forget the massive ego he allegedly has in order to praise someone possibly more intelligent than he is. Bucky agrees with little fanfare, and T'Challa nods once, steps away to get in contact with the appropriate people.
Steve lays back against the sheets, panting and sweaty and feeling sated in a way that’s nearly enough. He slowly catches his breath and climbs unsteadily to his feet. After cleaning the toys and himself, and putting the bags in the back of the closet, he heads to the art studio. The easel still holds his latest work – a portrait of Jane for Thor, done by referencing a photo that Darcy sent him – but he can’t focus on painting the beautiful astrophysicist, not with his skin still feeling too tight. He places the canvas off to the side, starts a new one.
Thor has tried quite a few times to speak to Steve; none of the attempts have been exactly successful. Every time he sees the god, Steve is reminded of that damn candle and makes a hasty escape before the awkward embarrassment can overwhelm him. Loki wears a knowing smile on his lips whenever these interactions occur.
“Nothing embarrassin’, promise. If anything, I got all the embarrassin' stories to tell you about this little punk.”
“Better than I ever had a right to expect. But he's a damn good actor, so I don't know for sure what's real and what he's hiding.”
Not even two full weeks later, the Accords have been announced as law, the world still hasn't ended, and the team is enjoying the stretch of silence and peace of being able to be human, not superheroes. They've all just been doing what they want ー Natasha and Clint take over training Wanda, Sam, and now Peter; Sam works at the VA and volunteers at local homeless shelters; Tony spends most of his days at SI’s R&D department, even giving Peter an internship, dragging Bruce along more often than not; Thor spends the hours roaming the city, looking for new friends to make and adventures to be had, because he is still so curious as to what Midgard can offer though he's been on Earth for a few years already; and Steve whiles away the time with sparring, occasional training sessions, his art, and video calls with T'Challa and Shuri about Bucky's progress. They've reassured him that Bucky will be able to come back within a few months.
have a board meeting, so we’re dropping Steve and Loki off at the tower, and I’m kidnapping you for the rest of the day.”
He leaves the apartment quietly after his ma falls asleep on the couch; he makes a mental reminder to call her in about an hour to wake her up. She'll move to her bed then, and he won't get yelled at for coddling her, though how calling her to wake her up is any different than waking her up while he's there, he's not sure.
“No, Steve. Stop it. Stop. All you’re doing is torturing yourself. You did everything you could. Shitty things happen. Terrible tragedies occur. It doesn’t matter if you’re a good or bad person. Life just has a way of fucking people over. But blaming yourself for things you can’t control or change isn’t helping. Okay?”
. Talking to you about this when it’s such a jumble in my mind would’ve been a mistake. I would’ve said something stupid and thoughtless, and it would either start a fight or hurt you. And it would kill me if I did that to you. Yes, I should have – Jesus, Steve, can you
Tony tells him, his words halting and full of pain, about the three and a half months they spent without seeing each other ー the demo his company had planned in Afghanistan, the abduction, the barest bit of the torture he'd endured. When he finishes speaking, he hesitates but reaches for the buttons on his shirt. Steve stops him.
He leers at her, a playful gesture at the innuendo, and she smiles, shaking her head. Tony plucks the vodka from her hands and inspects the label. It’s an expensive drink, Russian through and through. He takes a swallow, feels it burn all the way down. An errant thought drifts into his mind, and he freezes with the bottle hovering in the air. Natasha takes the bottle back, giving him a puzzled look from the corner of her eye.
“That… That is the complete opposite of comforting,” Tony protests. “He’s terrible at advice, absolutely terrible. Why does he try?”
His phone rings suddenly, startling him. He ignores the fact that his co-workers are now staring at him as he digs his phone out from under a stack of paper.
“Not to, unless it’s the day your baby girl is born. Then you don’t care, because it’s such a wonderful, happy time, and you’re not going to ruin it by being an ass.”
“What the fuck happened?” Tony’s hands are warm against Steve’s cheeks, and Steve blinks, finally able to focus on his surroundings. “Are you okay? Thanks, Clint, I got it from here.”
The portal appears with a wave of her hand, and between one blink and the next, she's gone, and there is no evidence of her presence. Steve's cheeks are hot, her words echoing in his mind; he avoids looking to his left to see if Tony's as gobsmacked as he is, but judging by everyone else's expressions, he's definitely not the only one reeling. The silence stretches, breaking only when someone clears their throat from behind the couch.
I know I posted a chapter yesterday, but I got some terrible news this morning, and I needed something to keep my mind distracted, so here it is. The penultimate chapter.
Natasha blinks slowly, and everyone turns to stare at her. The surprise bleeds from her face within seconds, replaced by cautious hope.
Saturday morning dawns bright and clear. Or, rather, as clear as Brooklyn ever gets. It's cool outside, the first fingers of autumn struggling to break through the lingering haze and heat that summer has wrapped the city in. Steve remains where he is, sprawled across the bed, as the sunshine peeks through the blinds. Cars and birds sing their daily songs, machinery and nature blending into a cacophony of sounds that shouldn't work but somehow do; he only moves when someone knocks on the front door. He knows immediately that it isn't Tony ー Tony usually just barges in, even on weekends he has Peter ー which means it can only be the child. A grin splits his face, and he clambers out of bed to pull a pair of sweats on over his boxer-briefs.
ー but this is something else entirely. This is a family he found in a group of people shoved under his care, his command; a group he never expected to work so well, both on and off the battlefield; a group of people he trusts to have his back, a group he loves. And now, he's got Tony in a completely different way. Rocky start notwithstanding, he's always admired Tony, always thought there was more than meets the eye, always wanted to learn everything he could. He knows now he never will know everything about Tony, and he's accepted it, but he thinks maybe, just maybe, it won't be so hard to learn more.
“I shall remind you of this the next time you threaten to set fire to my server banks. Sir,” adds JARVIS almost like an afterthought, and Tony laughs as his chest fills with pride at the snark in the AI’s tone.
“I am unable to reach him through standard means. I have, however, taken liberty to leave a message with Dr Foster, asking that she has him contact you the moment she is in communication with him.”
The screen remains unchanged for a long minute during which Steve’s heart begins to pound. He wonders if he should just have left it at a simple thanks ー or nothing at all ー but it’s too late now.
Steve struggles to stifle his laughter at the defiance but a short glare from Tony certainly helps. He clears his throat and finishes off his bowl of Cap’n Crunch; Peter pushes away from the table and runs through the living room and down the hall to his bedroom. Tony stares after his son, sighs and walks to Steve’s side. Steve turns automatically, letting Tony lean against him. Tony’s skin is cool and still slightly damp, and Steve buries his nose into the other man’s hair.
“Uh, JARVIS?” Steve says slowly, his face flushing as he hopes desperately that this isn’t Tony’s sick way of pranking him in response to Steve leaving a letter behind instead of talking to him directly.
He hates her because of reasons he really doesn't want to get into, but mostly he hates that she's with Steve when she doesn't deserve Steve.
Steve debates his choices; if he helps Pietro, the kid's comic will be that much closer to being done, but he also runs the risk of Pietro being upset and-or humiliated. If he doesn't help, Pietro's dignity is intact, but Steve will feel guilty for not doing what he can. With a sigh, he shoves to his feet and makes his way across the room to stand beside Pietro.
Once he shows his license and writes his name on the sign-out sheet, the woman lifts the phone’s receiver and dials a number. Steve sits in one of the chairs, stares at the navy-blue carpet while he waits.
The god merely smiles, a bright smile that never seems out of place on his face, and disappears down the corridor.
, her nametag announces– smiles brightly. “Ms Crawford’s been moved to her recovery room. If you’d like, we can bring the baby in to you.”
Tony is quiet when Steve finishes speaking. The only sounds in the room are their breathing, the soft hum of the arc reactor, and the nearly-silent whoosh of the air system. Steve wants to say something to break the silence, but he’s said all he can. Anything more will only serve to push Tony too far.
in Pepper’s elegant script, implemented after the fourth cleaning crew quit at the sight of filthy sheets. The sound of the shower starting behind the closed door breaks the silence. He spreads out the new bedspread, smoothing out the wrinkles, and waits.
The words slip out, sharp and acidic on Steve’s tongue, and he wants to take them back immediately. But with as much as he regrets the way they’re said, he also desperately wants an answer. Tony is still, so still, then he pulls away from Steve slowly. His movements are controlled, his jaw is set. A hardness is in his eyes, and Steve can’t take his gaze off of him.
And Tony looks so sad, like he's hurting just as much as Steve, so Steve resists the urge to argue. He lets his fingers wrap around Tony's hand and kisses Tony's cheek softly.
“She said she couldn’t just sit by and watch the ‘dumbass father’ of her unborn niece get killed while being a hero.”
After an hour of worshiping Steve's body, relishing the tastes and swallowing Steve's moans and sighs as he reaches orgasm two, three times before Tony even pushes inside, Tony curls his body around his lover's and strokes his fingers gently through Steve's damp hair. He knows Steve is keeping something from him, but he doesn't push. Waiting has never been his greatest skill, but for Steve, Tony would do anything, no matter how impossible it seems.
Tony shifts against Steve’s side, lifting his face until there’s an unobstructed view into his dark eyes. “I don’t know if there’s even a way of making any of this possible, especially considering who we are, but we can try.”
flashes on the screen under Tony's name. The call has been disconnected. Something in his chest clenches tight; he hadn't meant to make Tony mad, but evidently, he has. He breathes unsteadily, tries to stem the tears that burn in his eyes. Hands shaking violently, he plugs the charger into his phone, lets the device fall to the floor, and stares at the ceiling as he does his best to ignore that he's probably messed everything up.
“Ton-Tony, please, wait,” Steve manages to pant out when the arousal in his gut reaches a peak, threatens to spill over. “Please ー”
on the casing, and the rhythm is sporadic, inharmonious, and the motions aren't as soothing or comforting as they were before. He watches Steve closely, focuses on the tightness around his eyes, the way his lips purse just that much more, the way his chest rises and falls with rapid breaths.
Clint shrugs, taking the pan off the hot burner. “Damned if I know, just give her time to cool off. You want any breakfast?”
Steve hesitates but eventually closes his book. He takes the time to place it back on the bookshelf, telling himself he definitely isn’t stalling. The walk to Tony’s door seems to stretch on for miles, and Steve’s heart pounds unsteadily in his chest. His skin feels clammy even to himself; a drop of sweat tickles his flesh as it slides down his spine. He comes to a stop outside the door and bites his lower lip.
Tony laughs, quiet and bright in the dim glow filtering through the glass. “You’ve made your point, Steven, Pepper gets a break from me.”
They don't speak while he shoves himself to his feet, crosses the workshop to the table, and pulls out his tools. She is silent during the repairs, but her presence is steadying and welcome. Tony may possibly drag out the work, just to not have her go, not yet. But he'll never admit that. Not even to himself.
It’s been five days since Tony left, and Steve is already miserable. He’s sat in on training sessions and watched Clint get his ass kicked by Natasha during scheduled (and unscheduled) sparring matches. In an effort to distract his friend, Sam has taken Steve out to brunches and the movies; Bruce loaned him books, but the mechanical technology only served to remind Steve that he still has at least a week before his partner comes back.
"Can I have something other than sparkling juice?" complains Clint, plopping down onto the couch. He winces when Pepper's pump and Coulson's dress shoe find their targets on his shins. "Evidently not. Okay, listen up 'cause I don't do this a whole lot. Ya know, when Steve and Tony told us they wanted to have a baby, which meant Loki would be around, I was... Well, I was pissed. Why couldn't they just
“We… we should find out if any of these coordinates lead to anything more significant than a supply depot.” Steve clears his throat. “JARVIS?”
, that Steve releases Tony and stretches out the kinks in his back. Tony promises to be back as soon as he can before leaving, heading across the hall to change for dinner. Steve dresses quickly ー a pair of dark jeans and a pale blue V-neck under a black button-down that he leaves unbuttoned. He's not sure how the shirt got into his closet, but if he had to hazard a guess, he'd say it was Tony's doing. He's pulling on his shoes at the dining table when Tony ambles into the kitchen.
“Hush, it's fine. We just saw each other a few days ago.” Steve crosses the room, sits on the edge of the desk; his feet don't touch the ground when he gets comfortable. “I just… I missed you. I'm okay. Got another gallery opening on Friday night. You could, uh, you could come if you want.”
Steve snaps his teeth together. The room is doused in stunned silence after his shouted admission. Tony takes a deep breath, then another, then a third. Steve rolls onto his side away from Tony, away from the unreadable expression on his face. He feels the bed dip behind him; an arm drapes over his waist. The cold glass covering of the arc reactor presses against his back, and Tony curves his body along his.
Tony’s chest aches at the longing and heartbreak on his partner’s face. He pulls at Steve until the blond is leaning against him. Tony rubs a hand over Steve’s back, smoothing circles into warm skin. Steve lets out a shaky breath.
“Yeah, had a double-date with Peter's mom and her boyfriend last night. Didn't get home until about eleven-thirty.”
“Sorry, sir, but that's not happening. I don't know you, and I wasn't told about anyone coming to get him, so no, he won't be going with you. If that's all, have a good night.”
“I'm sorry, I really am. I just… There's a lot going on out there, and sleeping, well, sleep isn't my best friend at the moment. I should've thought about how you felt when I didn't show, but I'm selfish by nature, Steve, and I am so sorry for that. I promise I'll try to do better.”
“Yes, but you're a lot less cool, so it's hella awkward that you're using emojis at your uncool, advanced age.”
Bucky pats him on the shoulder, the gesture meant to be comforting thought it’s anything but. “She’s right, Stevie. You’ve been babysitting his kid for, what is it, four months? And ya text each other pretty much daily. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so into someone that you’re not dating, and ya sure as hell don’t allow someone to just waltz into your place unless a, it’s one of us or b, you’re in a relationship with them.”
Pepper sniffs and swipes her fingers under her eyes. “Thank you, baby. And look at you! You are so handsome right now.”
By the time they finish shopping, Steve is exhausted and freezing. Pepper sends Happy to the tower with the bags; it takes some persuading, but he eventually agrees, leaving with a promise to be back immediately. Natasha steps away for a few minutes, reappearing with three to-go coffee cups. Steve spirals from the slits in the lids; she passes a cup to Steve, another to Pepper, and keeps the third for herself.
“What's going on, Thor?” When he receives no answer, Steve turns to the other two. “Guys, can you clear out?”
“Of course. All you need to do is swipe down from the top of the screen. The device will automatically kill the processes not in use to preserve battery life.”
“Tell me you don’t want this,” murmurs Tony as he brushes his lips against Steve’s, and Steve can’t deny Tony, not after wanting this for literal years, ever since he was sixteen and lounging with Tony on the beach and realised that Tony looked really good in the setting sun. “Tell me to stop, and I will.”
“I have spent the last couple of decades wanting to meet you, to be with you in places that didn't occur in our heads.” Steve steps closer slowly, gazing at Tony with an unwavering intensity. “I have tried so hard to convince myself that I was okay with only getting to have you when we slept, but I'm not. I haven't been for a while. I never needed to know who your family was, how much money you have, what your life was like out here, to know that I want
“Okay. Follow me then.” She leads him through the corridors, steps confident. “Congratulations, sir.”
“A, um, a friend. I did a favour for him, and well, evidently this is how he thanks his friends who do favours for him.”
Tony scoffs but doesn't move away from  Steve's touch. “Of course not, why would I be? I mean, it's just the mother of my child meeting my boyfriend, what's to be nervous about?”
? That your brother, who’s already tried destroying this world once, isn’t capable of-of fucking us over again? Because I, I, I don’t believe that for a second. This was supposed to be
“Do you consider yourself so easily expendable that you’re okay with pushing out a baby for them and immediately forgotten? How does that feel?”
, but he isn’t sure. All he knows is he finally feels complete; he leans up until he can kiss Tony again, hard and demanding and so full of want. Tony doesn’t deny him anything, just gives and takes and gives some more, as Steve slips a hand between them. Tony’s jeans are tight ー
According to Officer Sanchez, the interviewer from the charity event was found in the middle of the night outside the emergency room. Security tapes show a taxi dropping his unconscious body off on the forecourt; when interrogated, the driver admitted to doing the ‘drop-and-drive’ after receiving a call. He’d arrived at the designated spot to find the man lying on a bench with a fifty-dollar bill and a note to keep the change in the breast pocket of his shirt.
Coulson showed up on the second day after T'Challa and Bucky left for Wakanda, an enormous file in his hand. “These are the dossiers on the ones who will be deciding where you go and whether you go.”
Tony stares at Steve, his expression unchanging, but then he slowly exhales and nods succinctly. “Okay. That, that's something I'll learn to deal with. Hey, maybe I’ll even go to therapy, Pepper's been hounding me about that for a long time now. Anyway. What should we do?”
Morning comes with the pattering of feet on the floor and hazy sunlight on his face. Steve grunts when forty pounds of kid lands on his spine. He turns to glance over his shoulders and sees a smiling Peter; he can’t help but grin back.
“Not feelin’ well, are ya, buddy?” At Peter's head-shake, Steve pulls him in for a hug that no longer feels as awkward as it had the first time he'd held the child after a meltdown. “I'm sorry to hear that. Let me get you signed out, and we'll go home, okay?”
like that? Steve knows he disagrees with allowing Loki anywhere near Earth, let alone the tower, but he’d said they would talk about it. So far the only talking they’ve done is between Steve and Tony’s voicemail. And Steve hates it with every fibre of his being. This lack of communication feels too much like the first they’d met, except now there’s not even the exchange of angry quips and sharp insults.
Steve throws a coffee stirrer like a dart at Clint’s face, but the other man just knocks it off its trajectory with a laugh; Steve scowls and, knowing it won’t do any good, says forcefully, “He’s not my loverboy, oh my fuckin’ god.”
“No, but ー oh, hell, just get in here. This is awkward enough without you standing outside my door looking like you kicked a puppy and are dying from the guilt.”
Steve allows himself to get lost in his own work for his comic, so deeply in the zone that he doesn’t notice exactly when Peter falls silent. He’s just finished the rough draft of the newest character and is moving to show the kid, stopping instantly when he sees Peter sprawled across the living room floor. Feeling like a creeper, he snaps a quick photo (just to show Peter’s father, of course) before rising to his feet. He gently picks up the child, moving slowly and gingerly in order to not wake him up, and lays him down on the couch. After tucking Piggly securely under Peter’s arm, Steve drapes a throw blanket over the small body and unpins the paper from Peter’s sleeve.
Steve had wanted to paint it – the white-blue would have contrasted nicely with the red of Nat’s hair, the deep black of Dum-E and U’s frames, the rich brown of Sam’s skin – but he’d spent so long just
Steve opens his mouth to speak but doesn't get the chance to respond. He's interrupted by the sound of shuffling feet down the hallway, a solid thump against the wall, more slip-slide footsteps, then the sight of Tony appearing in the doorway, blearily staring around the kitchen. Bucky pauses, questions in his eyes, then sets another mug on the counter. Steve pours coffee into one, holds it out toward Tony who gives a sleepy smile and makes grabby hands. There's a slight fumble as the mug transfers hands, but Tony manages to keep it upright without spilling any of the hot liquid. Steve twitches, turns back to the counter, when Tony lets out a filthy, low moan at the first sip. Steve can feel his ears and cheeks burning up, his body wanting to react to the sound that he heard so many times just a few hours ago.
A bottle of whiskey is pressed into Pepper’s hand; Tony doesn’t even ask where Natasha had gotten it from or where she kept it hidden. He merely grins at the usually-unflappable facade Pepper usually exudes being utterly torn apart, holds her tightly, and comforts her as she and Natasha drink the liquor silently in the glow of the city lights.
Tony slumps in his seat, stealing a glance at the screen. Steve pulls a stool closer, sits beside his partner. On the screen is a copy of the very first sonogram, blurry white and grey against black. The brunet strokes a finger gently over the picture.
“Sorry, Ma. I just… I got invited over for dinner, and I don’t know if I should take somethin’ with me or not.”
Steve holds out the bag, waiting impatiently. Bucky finally takes it, turning on his heel and walking out the door. Steve follows. Thankfully, Sam takes it upon himself to explain what's happening, why they're here for Bucky; Tony stays inside the 'jet this time, stays close to Steve.
“Peter Parker, sixteen, Queens, Midtown School of Science and Technology, best friend is Ned Leeds, guardian is aunt, May Parker ー”
The shaky gasp coming from Steve is swallowed by Tony's lips, and Tony drags fingertips along the smooth skin of his lover’s thigh. The kiss is slow, tender, sweet – until it's not. Between one breath and the next, the urgency grows, and Steve wraps his arms around Tony's shoulder, a leg around Tony's waist; pulls their bodies closer together. With a soft sigh, Tony rests as much weight as he dares on Steve. Steve's always been the bigger one, the one most capable of holding the other’s weight, so having to take precautions not to crush this new, more fragile form is unfamiliar. He doesn’t remember the last time he was on top of a woman – even Pepper had preferred more control in the bedroom, generally speaking – but this is beyond new. This isn’t some random, leggy blonde looking for a quick roll between his expensive sheets. No matter what, this is Steve, the one person who’s ever gotten this close, who’s ever made Tony believe – actually
By the time the bottle is empty, the clock reads past two in the morning, and JARVIS has an angry silence about him; most people would say a glorified computer programme is incapable of emotions, but Tony coded JARVIS, knows every line and loophole and redundancy by heart, so he’s aware of how capable of
“Oh, Hell yes,” he admits readily; it’s no secret that Tony’s publicly sworn off having children, though he’s never really given a reason – people only had to take one look at him, and they were sure they figured out why.
“I’m okay, honey. Calm down, deep breaths, okay? You know Doctor Cavendish said stress isn’t good for the baby, and I’ll be the first one she blames if she finds out you’re stressing. Don’t worry. I’m enjoying this little vacation from being a tin-wrapped human tennis ball.”
“Shit, I am so sorry.” Tony sighs, barely audible over the sound of background conversations and traffic. “I’m sorry, this building has a security system that jams calls, prevents any outside contact, ya know?, and all I did was take a step back because ー well, it doesn’t matter why, but I did, then I was in the radius of this goddamn system, and oh, god, I’m sorry. Please, please call me back when you get this.”
“I…have no idea, honestly. I mean, it's pretty anatomically impossible to get your head up your own ass, so beats me.”
