“Peter! Get down!” Tony shouted sternly. He watched his son spin around with wide eyes, a guilty expression on his face. “What did I tell you about coming down here?”
“Just for tonight,” Peter repeated lazily, burying his face into Tony’s chest.
“Ice cream time!!” Peter echoed, kicking his feet excitedly as Happy started to drive.
“Thank you Mr. Rogers,” Tony said sincerely. He noticed that he was still holding Peter’s Paw Patrol backpack and groaned softly. “Where can I put this?”
Tony groaned teasingly at Peter’s adorable expression and he halfheartedly climbed up into the bed, pulling his little Peter close to his warm chest. “Just for tonight baby boy,” he mumbled softly, turning out the lamp before closing his eyes.
Peter shot up from his seat and spotted his backpack in one of the last cubbys on the wall. He took his lunch box out of his backpack and ran over to Ned, whose backpack was, to no surprise, Star Wars themed. After Ned got his lunch, they met with MJ and Harry, who had already gotten their lunches. Once again, they all filed in a line together and made their way down to the cafeteria. Peter was so excited; after lunch, they had just one more hour until he got to see his Daddy again!! Peter, Ned, MJ and Harry all sat at a round table next to Betty, another girl and a boy. Sitting between MJ and Harry, Peter took out a peanut butter and jelly sandwich - no crust obviously - and began to eat. They spent the entire lunch period talking about Star Wars, dragons, bugs and animals. He learned the names of the two other kids - Liz and Eugene, but he called himself Flash. Peter didn’t like Flash too much; he kept making fun of Ned and kept stealing Liz’s food. But Peter didn’t let it bother him all that much as he always tended to focus on the happier things that were going on.
When Happy pulled up to the school, Tony was already getting out of the car before it had completely stopped. He ran into the main entrance, not even bothering to check in like he knew he was supposed to do. Thankfully, Maria Hill didn’t care too much to stop him; she had seen Tony multiple times already and judging by the sobs she could hear travelling down the hallway from the open-doored nurse’s office, Tony’s son was the one so distressed.
Letting out a soft sigh, Tony continued to play with his son’s hair in an attempt to soothe him. “How about this: you go tomorrow and if you hate it, we’ll try again some other time. Or never again if that’s what you want. But you have to try tomorrow, okay? Can you do that for me baby?” He compromised with a comforting smile.
Tony smiled once more at that, his heart filling with joy. “Thank you. Well, I’ll see you,” he said, ending the call shortly after.
“Yeah, yeah,” he rolled his eyes again with a smile. “So, do you think you wanna head back to school tomorrow?”
“Rocky Road!! Get Rocky Road!!”
____________________________________________________________________________
“Alright, so you wanna head home and we can get you some dinner, a bath, some cuddles and then bed?” Tony asked, though it was more of a game plan than a question. He smiled nonetheless when Peter nodded in response; it was always easier to get him down to bed when he was actually willing to go down. “Good, sounds like a plan to me too angel,” he hummed. With that, they went back to their car and made their way home.
Peter looked at Tony with slightly glazey eyes, nodding lightly. “Mhm,” he mumbled, cuddling closer to Tony. “Y-You said we’d get ice cream after school,” he added faintly.
Tony smiled and nodded as he stepped out of the elevator. “Ooh good idea!” he praised. Tony loved the chocolate ice cream with the little marshmallows. And with that, the two were heading off to get the best ice cream in the entire world.
Peter giggled happily at that and nodded. “Uncle Rhodey is silly Daddy,” he agreed with another giggle before turning his attention back to the TV.
“Daddy?” he called softly, eyes suddenly open again as he stared up at his dad. The honey brown eyes were filled with tears, instantly melting Tony’s heart.
MJ shrugged. “Dunno. Probably grey with yellow stripes.”
Peter’s tears tugged at Steve’s heart, wanting more than anything to reach out and comfort the distressed boy. Unfortunately, there was a strict rule in the school against too much physical contact between adults and students. He just hoped Tony would be there soon.
“Thanks Hap,” he said with a smile as he stepped out. Tony walked around the side of the car and opened up Peter’s door while Happy waited against the passenger door. “Alright buddy, let’s get you inside,” Tony hummed as he unbuckled Peter and set him on the pavement. He grabbed Peter’s backpack from the floor of the car and swung it over his shoulder before taking Peter’s small hand in his. “Say bye bye to Happy!” he said to Peter.
“Wow! That’s a pretty cool animal,” Steve agreed. “How about we get you a seat, alright? I think you can sit over there next to Ned.” He pointed to a pudgier boy wearing a Star Wars t-shirt. The boy, Ned, was sitting at a table with a girl with frizzy brown hair and a boy with glasses. Ned saw his teacher pointing to him and he smiled widely, waving to Peter.
With that, Peter ran to the play set with about half of the class. “Where’s MJ going?” he asked Ned curiously.
Peter grinned and shot up, heading over to the ball. Unfortunately, Flash must’ve had the same idea and he grabbed it quickly before Peter could. Not that he minded; it just meant more people to play soccer with. “Hey Flash! Ned and I were gonna play soccer, can we play with you?”
7 minutes later, Tony looked over at Peter to see what he was up to. Sure enough, Peter was fast asleep in his booster seat, drooling a little on his shirt. “Hey Happy, pipsqueak is asleep; how about we just head home, we’ll get ice cream some other time.”
“Alright buddy, slow down, slow down. How about you tell me over ice cream, hm? I’m sure Mr. Rogers has busy things to get to,” Tony said softly as he stood up with Peter in his arms. Based on how his boy was holding on to him, he wouldn’t be letting go any time soon. “How was he today?” he asked Steve as Peter nuzzled his face into the side of his dad’s neck.
“Of course Mr. Stark. Peter’s safe under my care,” Steve reassured with a smile.
“But Flash, you’re not using it! Ned and I really wanted to play soccer and-”
Steve’s heart swelled at that, beaming happily. He loved that Peter trusted him so much, he hadn’t realized how nervous Peter was around other adults until Tony had told him. “Well, I’m glad I could be of help for Pete.”
“Hey Ms. Hill, I’m Tony Stark and I’m here with my son Peter. It’s his first day of school and he’s supposed to be in Mr. Rogers’ class. Can you point me in that direction?” Tony asked, smiling at her. Peter noticed a bowl of candy on her desk and he tugged on Tony’s pant leg, wanting a piece.
Clint watched him go, rubbing absently at the ache in his thigh.
lost power is spent and beyond regaining, and my brother smirks and celebrates his victory.  Had you chosen your allies more wisely, we would e'en now be enthroned in Asgard."  She curled her hand into a fist, scarred lips tightening.  “My brother will regret siding against me, and that mortal chaos mage will regret stealing my spear.  That’s for later, though.”  The smile she flashed him was cruel enough that Doom knew it was, for once, a real one. “In truth, I just came to bid you farewell.”
Exercise came in a decided second on Tony's list of favorite ways to work up a sweat, but it made you feel alive in the same way that very fast cars, flying, or good sex could. There were few other things that could do that.
Steve gave her another polite smile.  Then he asked the bartender for a glass of water with lemon.
There was probably never going to be a good time to utter the phrase, "I slept with Wanda, but I swear it's not my fault. Carol thinks I was mind-controlled; what do you think?" but right now seemed like an especially poor time.
Wanda looked away, her shoulders hunching ever so slightly. "I'm sorry about that," she said. "I didn't mean to destroy your home, Tony."
"Do you honestly think you
What was she — Then it hit Sam. Something like ninety-eight percent of human mutations had nothing to do with the X gene. All of them had been unaffected by M-Day; Wanda's power had clearly been going by Chthon's intent, rather than a literal application of her words.
Don thought, glaring at the iridescent sheen of her cape. "Thor's not here right now," he spat. "And if he were, he wouldn't be inclined to listen to you."
How could he not have thought of that? Worry over Tony was no excuse. Wanda was his teammate and his friend. This thing with Tony, whatever it was, was not an excuse to neglect the rest of his team.
Tony glanced at the stranger in the mirror again. Jarvis was right; he did look a little bit like his mother. Strange; everyone had always commented on how much like Howard Stark he looked, before.
Several minutes of banging and prying later, the final clasp that held the chestplate in place popped open, and Steve lifted the dented chestplate free, setting it carefully on the floor.
"I  think MJ has better taste than to go onstage at that kind of a place,"  Steve said.  Or at least, he hoped so.  "Look," he went on, "just go put  on whatever people wear to go to jazz clubs these days.  This is going  to be a team bonding experience."
Steve didn't dignify that with an answer; he simply stared at Tony, looking unimpressed by his logic.
"Did you even think about the risks?" Steve was asking. "You should have told us you were compromised right away."
At least the armor's autopilot function still worked.
"I think being stabbed probably had something to do with it," Daredevil said, nodding toward Strange.
"How long is this going to take?"
, which they had also only been watching because of Cassie. Tony chose to overlook the fact that he had been teary-eyed himself; the movie had had an unexpectedly sad ending for a cartoon. He remembered thinking at the time that Scott ought to have warned them.
Jan just stared at her for a moment, unable to think of an answer.  She couldn’t remember the name of the hospital they’d taken him to.  Some wife she was – flying out while her husband was still on the table in the emergency room and not even bothering to mark where she’d left him.   Ex-husband.  Boyfriend.  Whatever he was.
"He's right." Tony's metal faceplate was expressionless, as always, but even through the helmet's voice filters, he sounded stubbornly uncompromising. "We owe her. She wouldn't have ended up in this situation at all if we'd noticed what was going on sooner."
Sharon shook her head, blonde ponytail swaying with the movement. "I'm pretty sure she was acting on her own. She kept ranting about Crossbones the whole time. How he was a hero. How she was going to make us pay for his death. How she was going to make James pay for killing her. Metaphorically, I guess, that part of her had died with him." She cocked an eyebrow at Steve. "You ever read the psych profiles on those two?"
, the statement ought to have been laughable, but some quality in his voice made Steve believe him. Tony sounded tired and frustrated.
By next week, half the tabloids in the US would be asking those unspecified questions for her, in bold, two-inch headlines. And answering them.
Jan grinned from ear to ear. "Trust me, that won't be a problem."
Steve, who was the one who generally functioned as their liaison with SHIELD, shook his head. "Nick Fury's people haven't seen any sign of them. And the NYPD have come up empty handed, as well. Knowing Zemo, he's probably gone to ground back in Germany, and taken the rest of them with him."
"You couldn't have known that the spell would affect Iron Man instead of Thor when you planned this," Loki went on, his voice an ugly snarl. "It was supposed to be Thor! Not some worthless mortal. Thor! You were going to
"May I help you?" A blonde woman in a neat nurse's uniform stepped around the corner of the desk, intercepting them. She was about ten years older than Clint, but very attractive, in an efficient, well-put-together kind of way.
"That's not out of character with Doom's previously established-"
Steve's eyes went to Tony, as if by some kind of automatic reflex, and for a moment, Tony could almost feel the awkward silence in the air. He startled himself by laughing. Barnes didn't know about his alcoholism; not surprising, given that he had spent half the last century as a brainwashed Soviet assassin. He saw the pointedly non-alcoholic bottle on the table and his immediate reaction was not to glance awkwardly at Tony and then look away, but to mock Steve for his lack of romantic skill.
Steve finished toweling his hair dry and dropped the towel on top of the nearest stack of boxes, all of them neatly labeled in Jarvis's precise scrip. Jarvis had offered several times to either unpack everything for Steve, or return the boxes to storage, but neither option had felt right, so the boxes remained.
He was preparing to pointedly ask if Tony was all right when Tony stopped abruptly, his back to Steve. "We can talk about Doom later," he said, a note in his voice that would have sounded dismissive if Steve hadn't known him well enough to recognize the tiredness behind it. His shoulders had stiffened, the weary slump of moments before gone. "I talked to Maya," he added, then fell silent.
"Sorry?" Tony offered. In retrospect, that had not been his finest hour, no matter how pleasant spending time out of costume with Jan had been. "Steve took me to task for it like you wouldn't believe."
Thor and Loki were rolling on the ground, throwing punches at one another.  Mjolnir lay several feet away, and Loki was doing her best to keep Thor from reaching it.  Everyone else was fighting Doombots.  Including... was that Doom?
"They all understand, you know. Or they will, when we tell them. Wanda explained that carrying this child could leave you trapped as a woman forever."
"With the victims from the mass poisoning on Wall Street," she confirmed, nodding. "Are you relatives?" She eyed their costumes with an expression that said that she knew perfectly well that they weren't.
As he stood alone in Tony's old living quarters, at the top of the tower that bore his name, and stared out at the city lights, it occurred to Thor that perhaps such hairsplitting had been unworthy of him. His friends had acted without honor, yes, but they had not done so with deliberate ill intent, and while he had not-quite — forgiven Tony, he had already made the decision to treat him as an ally once more, if not a brother. There was no dishonor in accepting hospitality from an ally.
Yesterday, he'd been afraid that he would never be able to do this again. That Tony had gone beyond his reach forever. Steve's arm tightened reflexively, and he closed his eyes, breathing in the faint scent of metal that always seemed to cling to Tony's skin.
“You okay?” he asked Clint, voice hoarse and a little shaky.
him this way... that and the fact that he could still wear the armor, still be Iron Man, were what made not reaching for the bottle of whisky he still kept in his desk drawer possible.
It was true, though. An office building the size of Stark Tower was packed with potential victims for Chthon or any other supervillain from nine to five every day. It was probably a minor miracle that there hadn't been some kind of terrible disaster there yet. "Jan has a good point," Wanda began. "I appreciate the offer, but-"
"Leaving the scene of an accident is a crime, you know," she said, voice mild.
Tony sympathized. A headache was already beginning to form behind his eyes; he hadn't had more than three connections open at once in the Extremis in weeks, and he'd hoped that taking it easy had given the damaged connections in his brain a chance to heal. He'd clearly been overly optimistic.
Smiling at her felt... strange. This entire conversation felt slightly surreal; discussing 'the good old days' as if they were any group of old friends reminiscing, as if the past year's worth of disaster and death hadn't happened. As if they hadn't all failed each other so spectacularly.
The four high-pressure chrome showerheads were new, though, as was the tiling.
"I kind of went looking for Wanda, and then I found her, hiding in this little town, with amnesia, and kind of, um, left her there. After sleeping with her." Clint mumbled this last bit in a rush, still intent on the widening hole in his jeans.
DeFalco didn't look particularly enthused by the idea, but both of his subordinates nodded eagerly.
Tony drew a deep breath in through his nose, staring at the wall just beyond Steve's head and trying to ignore the frustrated tension creeping up the back of his neck. Someone had tacked an 'endangered raptors of North America' calendar up on one wall, where Steve's pen and ink sketch of the Manhattan skyline had once hung; otherwise, the walls were still as bare as they had been after the SHRA had been passed and Steve had been gone, when Tony had pulled all of the pictures in the apartment down.
"I can't even remember what I was doing before they showed up." Sam shook his head, winced, and then rolled his neck in a slow circle. "You know, my old apartment never got attacked this often. This place is like Grand Central for supervillains."
"That's because Tony does it to hide from things," Hank protested.
Jan tensed, her body managing one last surge of adrenaline as she felt someone coming up behind her, and then Sam fell heavily to his knees next to Clint, Redwing cradled against his chest.
"If I don't, I won't be eating until dinner. The board wants to discuss the past quarter's financial reports and stock performance. And then I'm supposed to go sit in on arbitration proceedings for that lawsuit with Hewlett Packard."
He'd gotten Tony pregnant. It hadn't even occurred to him that such a thing was possible.
Clint had followed Steve's orders down to the letter, and even gotten the stupid tetanus shot, which meant he was free to go back upstairs. As he left the emergency clinic, he passed Sam, who was being ushered toward one of the examination areas by a student nurse.
Steve blinked. "Doesn't matter? Tony, what if you hadn't woken up?"
"Six hours? Eight?  I'm not sure."  He'd lost track of some time after Sin had stabbed him.
"Ants?  You think to defeat the mighty Doom with insects?"  it taunted, brushing casually at the soldiers crawling along one armored forearm.  "I will-"
He pulled his hands carefully free of the vacuum chamber's gloves, and took a step away from it, feeling belatedly ashamed at the look on Jan's face. He had no right to be angry at Thor, under the circumstances.
"Why have I never heard about this?" She sighed, shaking her head. "Did you do anything about it? Does anyone other than you, Wanda, and Tony even know?"
One of the scientists was sniveling under a workbench, begging for his life. As she turned to leave the room, there was another rattle of gunfire, and the noise thankfully stopped.
He and Tony might be barely speaking to one another these days, but in a fight, it turned out, their old partnership functioned as well as it ever had. It was almost possible to forget that the person inside the armor wasn't the same man he had known for years, that they weren't friends anymore.
"Vision's a coward about you. He always has been." As far as Steve was concerned, being an android was no excuse; Jim Hammond had been an android as well, and probably a less sophisticated model than Vision, and he would never have treated someone he so obviously cared about so coldly. He wouldn't have run away from them, either.
The Night Nurse was explaining Strange's injuries to the Avengers, her gestures short and jerky, as if being forced to repeat the information over again offended her. Daredevil had retreated back to the far wall, seeming uncomfortable in the now tightly crowded room. He'd never struck her as a people person.
Contract? "It's eight-thirty at night. Couldn't that wait until morning?"
Wanda, on the other hand, was holding her glass up in front of her with gloved hands and staring at it, a small frown drawing a line between her eyebrows. "Define 'slept with.'"
The team was standing in a loose huddle, everyone staring at Tony, who had turned away from them and wrapped his arms around himself. It was a very vulnerable, human gesture that should have looked odd in the armor, but Hank had seen him do it often enough before that any oddness had long since worn off.
"There's an airborne toxin in there, Clint. Just shut up and do it."
Sam shook his head.  "No.  Some of them had machine guns.  And lousy aim."  He frowned at Steve, and added, "You want to sit down?  How hard did Doom hit you?  Or zap you, or whatever he did?"
"Then we'd get to be a historic, precedent-setting court case." Being a nationally famous living legend had to be good for something, and Steve wasn't above using Captain America's reputation and name in order to get a more desirable outcome. Not for something like this, where it would benefit countless other people as well as Tony and himself.
She must have realized that Carol was staring, because after a moment, she pulled her hands back, letting the folds of her skirt hide them.
Rhodey shrugged, and then grinned. "Well, this trip wasn't a total loss. At least I'm getting new jet boots out of it."
Clint was contemplating how bored he’d be if he just turned the cooking show he’d ended up staring at after the kids cartoon had ended off vs. how much he didn’t care about cooking and the fact that it was making him feel both hungry and nauseous, vs. Rachel Ray’s boobs when Wanda came in.
“Better already,” he answered right away. “Just wanna be home.”
“He was, but you could tell they did the bare minimum for him. It was dirty and he had a bad rash everywhere. It’s mostly gone now, I used a cream. But, the actual potty training will be down to you I guess,” Bucky shrugged.
“Yeah, I think we got it all on the flash drive.” Tony leaned forward and pulled it out of the computer and pocketed it. Steve put the agents hands behind her back and zip-tied them together
Bucky shook his head incredulously. “This is too big. He’s not just going to get over it.”
“Too late,” Tony muttered from the bed.
“None of the Avengers are home yet,” she answered. “Happy is close. If you’d like I could tell him you need a ride and for him to watch the children after?”
“I don’t remember all the details of everything I’ve done as the Winter Soldier. I will usually remember something if I’m reminded of what happened but there’s a lot of shit that I did and I’ve been wiped clean so many times,” he trailed off. “Anyway, before I went to that Hydra base I didn’t remember the info that’s in that folder but once I read it it all came back to me.” He took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. “I was going to tell you about it, Tony, the next morning after I got here but you were upset then and I didn’t want to add to that. And then its just been so much with Indy I didn’t want to ruin all this for you guys. And honestly I didn’t want to leave him yet. But then Steve asked me to move in and I just, I want that. I do. But that can’t happen.”
“On it,” Tony replied immediately. Bucky stepped closer so he could see in the cot. It was indeed a child wrapped in a white blanket.
“Want Pa and Da,” Indy sniffled.
Pepper smiled, glancing at Tony’s face that looked so peaceful in sleep. “I’m sorry you’ll have to wake him.”
“I got a few ouchies but I’ll be okay soon.” Tony smiled at Steve’s wording. “Wanna come cuddle with us? I’ve missed you.” Indy nodded hesitantly and Bucky carefully placed him half on Tony and half on the bed in the small space between the two men, fixing his blanket so it draped over the three of them. Indy clung on to Steve instantly and Steve returned the gesture.
“Well, we’ll see soon enough. You can run the test when we get back?”
Bucky sat on the bed in Steve’s former bedroom nervously fidgeting with the gift bag in his hands.
“That’s a birthday gift for you from Bruce,” Steve answered. “You wanna open it?” Steve reached out to lay the bag down sideways since it was taller than Indy while on the table.
“Come here, baby bug.” Steve pulled Luca onto his lap, leaning him back in the crook of his arm. Peter flipped the camera and pulled his arm in so he could aim it at just Steve and Luca.
Steve picked up his son and they took the elevator to their floor and Steve went straight to the corner to put Indy in his time out chair. “You’re gonna stay here until one of us comes and get you,” Steve said and ignored the little hand reaching to grab him before he walked away.
“No, no, baby. The llama’s fine. I promise. Not hurt. Safe,” Steve insisted. “Wanna come clean him with me?” Indy leaned forward and Steve took him into his arms. “Can you come with?” He asked Bucky, who nodded and stood to follow. “Tony,” Steve started, but Tony waved him off.
“I do see. He’s lucky to have a boy like you looking after him, huh?” Indy beamed at that and continued playing with his llama walking it across Clint’s chest and bouncing it on his head. Tony and Clint both saw Bucky coming out of the doors that lead back to the medical area so Clint jumped up with Indy in his arms before he could see him. “Let’s go grab a snack from the vending machine. We’ll be right back.” Clint walked off and Tony was surprised Indy didn’t protest but then he was turning to face Bucky.
“You were behaving badly, but there’s a difference between being bad and doing something bad.” Steve tilted Tony’s face until he was making eye contact again. “You are good, Tony. You’re my good boy. I promise,” he added when Tony seemed reluctant to believe it.
"It's my AI," Tony said, while gathering some tools. "Artificial intelligence," he added at Bucky's bewildered look. "She basically runs the place. And me," he added as an afterthought.
Steve smiled. “We’ll go see him when your dressed,” he answered with a laugh. He slid the new one on and put the same pants back on. Then put his Iron Man tee over his head and smoothed back the boys light hair with his hand. He pulled on his hands til he was in a sitting position. “There we go. Ready for lunch?” Indy nodded. He took Steve’s hand and they walked back in the direction of the kitchen. As soon as Tony was in sight Indy let go and ran over, bounding into the mans legs and hugging them. “Indy that’s probably not the best idea to do to someone cooking at the stove,” Steve said as he came up behind them.
“Coulson will help,” Clint said.
“Who’s asking?” The man replied.
“Come on, keep walking. We’re going in the car.” Bucky started to walk towards the car but Indy didn’t budge.
Tony and Steve set up a small get together on Indy’s birthday which fell on the Saturday the weekend following Bucky’s revelation that Indy was about to turn 3. Steve held Tony back in going absolutely crazy with decorations and they both advised all those invited that it was a small affair, and if they insisted on getting the boy a gift to keep it small because he was easily overwhelmed.
“I think it’s cute,” Peter interjected, bouncing Luca on his thigh.
“No leave,” he pleaded, screaming. “No, please, Da.” The two men startled at the outburst, having not seen him react that way to anything in their time with him. Bucky had his hands under the kids arms ready to take him but at that he let go and allowed Tony to keep hold.
*The Next Day*
“Come here, you,” he pulled him out of Steve’s lap and against his chest, kissing his cheek. “You’re very welcome.”
Steve shook his head sadly. “They took him into surgery as soon as we gave the okay,” he answered. “We’ll see him when they’re done,” he said for Indy’s benefit, rubbing the boys back. Indy nodded against his chest. Steve looked over at Bucky. “He asked me to marry him.” He blinked back tears and wiped his hand over his face.
“Yup, still a 2,” Steve proclaimed. “That’s the size Bucky had for him anyway,” Steve added, looking at the tag in the old pants. Tony stayed quiet, as he did whenever Steve mentioned Bucky, even in passing. Steve switched the pants back and Tony helped Indy sit down again. Steve grabbed a couple pairs of sweatpants and a couple pairs of jeans. “Okay, what do you have in your pile?”
“Then by the power vested in me by the state of New York, I now pronounce you husband and husband. You may now seal your marriage vows with a kiss.”
“She’s going to be okay?” Bucky asked anxiously.
“Come on. What else am I going to do with the million dollars I’ve made so far this month alone,” Tony asked.
“Not leaving the tower,” Bucky muttered as he stepped on the elevator. “I just need space,”
“This is the perfect gift, Indy. Now I can cuddle this and think of you and Papa even when you’re not here.” Indy nodded like that was his plan all along. “Can I have a kiss?” Indy started to lean away from Steve but Steve caught him and pulled him back.
“Language,” Tony said out of habit at this point.
“ ‘uddle?” He reached out a hand to each of them.
Tony nodded knowingly. Indy had taken to clinging to Bucky after most therapy appointments lately. They assumed it had something to do with Bucky being the one at the Hydra facility where he saved him. And Bucky was truly the only one with any sort of shared experience to draw from whether Indy really knew that or not, so it made sense.
*Later that night*
"Wasn't mine to throw away," Tony answered simply. Tony was clearly uncomfortable and Bucky felt a pang of sadness for him. Tony grabbed the bowl of food, more for something to do with his hands than wanting to eat it. He gave it a stir and took a large bite. "This is fucking amazing," he said after he swallowed.
Indy looked unsure. “Poppy do?”
Steve fed Indy for a few more minutes, making sure he was eating slowly so it wouldn’t upset his stomach. He looked over to Bucky who had finished his own soup and was now watching them with a small smile on his face.
"This isn't going to be finished today, probably not tomorrow either so you might want to stay. Steve's still got rooms here. Whatever was there before is still there so you probably have what you would need..." Tony didn't make eye contact but Steve was shocked.
“Poppy,” Indy exclaimed excitedly, bouncing a little and both Steve and Bucky’s hands shot out in case the baby slipped, but Indy held tight and she was fine. “Baby safe,” he whispered close to her face.
Steve waited til the door closed behind Clint to look down at Tony. He pushed him away a little so he could make eye contact. “What’s this all about, huh? You know you take naps everyday.”
"I know you don't eat much when you're working," Steve said in Tony's direction. "I assume that hasn't changed anyway," he walked back to the table. "But, it's here if you want a break." He placed the food at the end of the table, away from the arm but in Tony's line of sight. Tony glanced at it and opened his mouth to reply but shut it again quickly. Now was not the time for a snappy remark. Instead he nodded once.
“You have kids and I wouldn’t know where to start, so, do you think you could go and get things that he’ll need. For a few days to start? Clothes, pajamas, literally anything you think is necessary.” Steve pulled his credit card out of his wallet and held it out.
“Let me at least hold him for a few minutes while you eat,” Steve pleaded with his husband. Tony shook his head. He and Steve were sat at the kitchen table having some lunch but Luca was sitting on Tony’s lap instead of the high chair that was also at the table.
“You doing all right?”
“So?” Steve said loudly. He turned back to the screen. They were still sleeping.
“We should go have Bruce check you out,” Steve replied, already standing and holding a hand out to help Tony up. Tony took it but was already shaking his head again.
Tony reached into the container and pulled out a handful of puffs and gave Luca one. The baby took it excitedly, stuffing it in his mouth and humming. Steve laughed and Tony gave him another puff once he finished chewing.
“Tough session. He did great though, didn’t you?” He bounced Indy a little and the boy whimpered.
Tony nodded. “Yeah, get us home.” Clint gave a quick nod and headed to the front but Natasha walked over to sneak a peak at the baby.
Steve made eye contact with Tony over Indy’s head and really didn’t look okay. Tony stepped forward and placed one hand on Steve’s back and one on Indy’s. “Hey Munchkin, guess who came to see you before your appointment?”
“You really think I could be a good dad?” Steve asked so earnestly that Tony wanted to cry.
“Fell,” Tony answered but didn’t elaborate. Steve didn’t push it because Bucky returned with a first aid kit. Bucky sat on the floor at Steve’s feet and took Tony’s small foot in his hand.
“Tony’s exhausted. And irritable, and I don’t blame him,” he hurried to add. “I need some time with him, just us, to talk and relax. Even it’s just a couple hours which is probably all we’ll get between feeds. But, if Luca’s in the other room Tony won’t relax fully, he’ll want to check on him or have me do it. If you could just hang out with Luca on the communal floor for a couple hours tops it would be a huge help.”
“So, this is a drink that’s good for winter because it’s nice and warm, but with the candy cane it’s perfect for Christmas.” Indy smooshed his cheek against Steve’s shoulder as he pushed closer so Steve picked him up and put him on his lap instead. “First we put some marshmallows on top.” Steve showed him but grabbing a handful and dropping some in each of the adults mugs. “You wanna put some in yours?”
Tony shook his head minutely. “‘M’okay,” he mumbled. “Just stay here.” He gripped Steve’s shirt tighter in his fist. Steve covered Tonys hand with his own and patted it gently.
“Tony’s gonna be in trouble,” Clint said in a sing-song voice.
“You’re very welcome, baby boy. Look at your great manners,” Tony added and Indy beamed.
“I’m going to change before Pepper gets here,” he said, vaguely gesturing to his clothes which had various baby related stains on them. Steve leaned in quick to kiss Tony before he left, gaining a small smile from him and counting that as a success.
“I’m old enough. What happened?”
“Um, no please,” Indy replied, pointing to the sink instead where Steve sometimes wipes him clean if he wasn’t too dirty.
“Okay,” Steve agreed to keep the peace. “I think someone’s getting a little overwhelmed with all the items in the cart.” He pulled Indy out of his seat and into his arms, sitting him comfortably on his hip. Indy wormed one arm under Steve’s armpit, hugging himself close to his Papa and resting his head on his chest. His other hand still firmly held the T-shirt to his own chest. “Why don’t we let Daddy do his own shopping for a bit, huh? He can get things for himself and we’ll take a little walk around.” He winked at Tony who gave him a thumbs up and Steve knew he would complete the shopping that they needed. “Okay, say bye bye, we’ll see him in a few minutes.”
“I’ll read you a story, come on,” Steve said before there were any other protests. “Then Daddy and Bucky and the baby can come in and say goodnight, okay?” Indy nodded reluctantly, clearly the Santa threat was working its magic. Steve stood and brought Indy to his bedroom while Tony and Bucky remained on the sofa.
“Or maybe it’s a normal toddler tantrum, hard to say,” Clint said sounding both frantic and calm at the same time, thoroughly confusing Steve. A loud crash sounded in the background. “Oh, shit,” Clint whispered.
“Okay, okay,” Bucky held his hands out for Steve to slow down. “You need to calm down yourself. Everyone does,” he added, looking pointedly at Indy. “Come here,” he held his arms out and Indy gratefully leaned into them.
“It’s just nice. The way you took care of me over the past few weeks and even now. Feels nice,” he said quietly.
“Sorry,” Tony said weakly as Steve removed the towel to dry him thoroughly. “I’m just so tired,” he whimpered.
“Well, it’s not too much longer. It’ll go by quick.” Steve tried to assure his husband but this was the first business trip Tony had been on since Luca was born and he was just as ready to have him back as Tony was to be back. Luca gave a little whine and everyone looked at him. “You hungry?” Steve asked. “I guess I gotta feed this little bug.” He leaned in and placed a loud smacking kiss on Luca’s cheek.
“Yeah, tell him to get in here quickly.” Steve sat down where he had been crouched next to the tub and pulled Indy into his lap. “Bucky’s coming,” he said, hoping that was what he wanted. Bucky walked in a minute later taking in the scene quickly.
Steve passed Indy back to Bucky once they were in the bathroom and grabbed the baby body wash. He filled the sink with water and soap and watched it bubble up. “We’re gonna wash him really good, sweetheart. He’s not hurt, I promise.” Indy’s sobs had quieted some, but they had turned into a more pitiful whimper that broke Steve’s heart. When the sink was full he turned off the tap and put the llama in the water. He soaked it and squeezed out the dirty water, scrubbed, rinsed and soaked again. He repeated this about four times until the fur looked just about what it looked like before. “Look, baby. He’s all better.” Indy looked, rubbing his eyes. Bucky grabbed a tissue and dried the tears and wiped his nose.
“No? Why not, baby?”
“Yay!” Tony exclaimed on the way to the elevator. Steve laughed at Tony’s look of glee just because he got to put together baby furniture.
“I think Poppy needs to be changed,” Tony said after a few minutes.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said sincerely. “Really. I’m sorry I scared you. I love you and Indy and I want to make sure I’m here for both of you as long as I can be. I’ll be more careful, I promise.”
“Get out of the workshop, out of my sight,” Tony swiveled his stool around to face the table. Steve didn’t move. “Go, or I’ll have JARVIS help you leave with a suit.”
Tony closed his eyes, snuggling once again into Luca. “I know,” he mumbled.
***************
“Shield has one of our,” she hesitated, “colleagues,” she finished vaguely. “We want him back.”
“Hawky,” he said, and pointed at him for good measure.
“He’s better now,” Tony added. “He can eat most things, we just try to keep it healthy except for a treat here and there.” The therapist nodded and jotted a note in her notebook.
“Hi, Indy. You can call me Annie, okay?” She smiled at him kindly.
“Real nice, Tony,” Steve replied as he turned to go.
It was 6 am and Bucky was sound asleep.
“It’s not too high, I’m sure she’s fine, Buck. We can ask Bruce if you want to get his opinion,” Steve offered. Bucky nodded right away.
“Oh,” Bucky exclaimed. He was talking about what he said in the car. “I know. Thank you for saying you’re sorry. You know I love you too.” Indy hugged Bucky around his neck and Bucky placed a kiss on his temple. “Let’s get back and see what’s going on.”
“Do you want to sit next to me instead, Tony?” Steve asked.
It dawned on Steve then what Tony thought was happening and a glance to Bucky confirmed that he must have figured it out as well.
“Can you grab another shirt and diaper for him out of my backpack?’ Bucky asked.
“Together,” Tony agreed when they pulled apart.
“Tony,” Steve softly called out as he entered the workshop. Tony’s head whipped to the side to look at Steve, having not heard him enter.
Steve entered his and Tony’s bedroom, Indy in his arms. “Okay, Tony, I just put the last diaper Bucky had on him and he’s worn this shirt and pants 3 times this week. It’s time to go shopping.”
Steve took a chance and reached out his hand, taking Tony’s chin and turning it so he was looking at Steve. “Well, I don’t know what to tell you, Bubba, because I love you. So much. Even when you act like this. Even when you break stuff.” Tony had gasped softly at Steve’s words, momentarily shocking him into quiet. Steve took the opening and gently picked up the small boy, sitting down with him on his lap. Tony struggled a little for show, not willing to give in yet, but Steve held on, pressing his hand against Tony until he relaxed against his chest.
“Buppy no. I want, please,” Indy said, ending with a small sob which made Bucky stop to look down at him.
“I will begin immediately, sir,” Jarvis replied.
“Yup. Captain America. He’ll save us, huh?”
“What?” Steve asked, finally pulling his hands away.
“Close your eyes and go to sleep, I’ll be right here when you wake up.”
“Yeah, okay,” Bucky agreed.
“Okay, I think,” Tony sighed. “I’m gonna lay with him while he watches the movie I’m just getting him some ginger ale and crackers.” He gestured to the kitchen.
“I didn’t do,” the boy replied sulking.
“Hey. I didn’t know you were out here,” Steve said coming up next to them.
“He’s in the recovery room right now. When he gets moved to his private room I’ll have a nurse come and get you,” the doctor said.
“Did you make a pancake buddy?” Steve asked as he leaned back against the counter next to Tony.
Indy smacked his lips a few times and then clapped. “Yes, Da. More?”
“Safe?” Indy mumbled. Tony nodded.
“ ‘Uddle,” Indy agreed. He sunk down further into Tony’s arms, one hand clutching the blanket and one wrapped around Tony’s side. The llama stuffed firmly between them. He was blinking heavily but clearly fighting sleep.
“Home safe,” Indy told Steve.
“I’m glad you stayed with our son, Tony. He needed one of us to be safe.” Tony nodded.
“I think it’s perfect for her.” Steve reached over and ran his finger over her leg. “Tony can have all the paperwork drawn up for her like he did for Indy.”
“I’m fine,” Tony said, muffled into Steve’s shirt. Steve hummed a small sound because he doesn’t agree but doesn’t want to start an argument. “I should take a shower actually. I put on clean clothes but I still feel gross.” Tony pulls away and Steve lets him even though the point was for them to spend time together. At least he’s doing something to take care of himself.
“It’s nice you got him something,” Steve said, turning his attention back to Bucky. “Of course you can give it to him.”
Indy picked his head up and looked nervously at Tony. “Da?”
“Okay, Tony, enough. Seriously. Let me hold my son for 10 minutes and then you can have him back.” Steve stood and reached out to pull Luca off of Tony but Tony hugged Luca closer, wrapping both arms completely around him. Steve managed to work his hands under the boys armpits but stayed where he was hoping Tony would relent. “Come on, let go.”
“I’ll help,” Bucky offered. They grabbed the stray cups, plates and napkins around the living room bringing it all to the trash and then started on the table. Bucky took the two chip bowls and brought them to the kitchen. Steve ran his hand through Tony’s hair when he came back in the room.
“Tony and I just had a disagreement, Peter. They’re both fine, they’re in the kitchen.”
Victor Graves, the man the captors wanted back, had been successfully taken away from Shield transport and was now being held by Coulson and Clint at an undisclosed location that they assured Steve was absolutely secure. They were waiting on their next set of instructions.
Bucky glanced up at Tony and then behind him a few feet where Steve slowly made his way forward. “It’s Bucky,” he replied softly. “Just Bucky.”
“We sure are,” Steve answered with a smirk. Tony came in and crouched next to them.
“Tony,” Steve said so abruptly that Tony jumped.
“I’ll be okay,” Tony answered.
“Buppy?” Indy asked excitedly, sitting up in Steve’s arms to look at his Daddy.
Bucky shrugged. “We’ll figure it out. I’m sure its not permanent but you are really good with him. You’re a natural.”
He ended up sitting in the waiting area of Shields medical ward, having arrived before Bucky and Steve and the rest of them. Indy sat on his lap, clearly anxious to see his Papa. Clint joined him shortly after, dropping in to the seat next to them.
Tony looked at the screen. "Harry Potter? Really?" Bucky smiled.
“You can give him his present, but listen. He might be very tired. He just had surgery and he needs lots of rest and we have to be very, very gentle with him Okay?” Indy nodded. “And there might be some machines around him but that’s all to make him feel better so you don’t have to be scared, but if you are you tell me or Bucky okay. We’ll be right there.” Indy nodded but now he looked nervous.
“I’ll bring him back when he gets hungry,” she smiled at the two men and left their floor.
“I hope so,” he told the kid. “I bet it is. All the Avengers,” he added at Tony’s nervous look.
“This,” he said.
“Good, I’m glad.” Bucky ruffled his hair and Indy turned his head and kissed Bucky’s cheek. Tony walked into the room and placed two big bowls onto the coffee table, one with potato chips and one filled with Doritos.
“You’re welcome, kid.”
“Night,” Tony replied.
“Yeah,” he replied simply. Tony sighed and turned to the side a little so he was slightly facing Indy but still sitting up. He brought his hand over and started to rub small circles on the boys stomach over the blanket.
“No, Pa,” he hugged his arms around Steve’s neck.
“I remember everything,” Tony finally replied softly. Steve opened and closed his mouth, not sure what that meant or what he should say. “Everything you did with me,” Tony clarified. Steve sat back on his heals.
“Talk?” Tony asked.
“Want baby safe,” he whimpered.
"Still working," Tony said simply.
“What is it, Bucky? It’s okay. Just tell us,” Steve asked.
“There you go, your own berries,” Tony said.  Indy reached in immediately getting oatmeal mush and berry pieces in the palm of his hand and not so neatly attempting to then get it in his mouth.  “Someone’s going to need a good bath, huh?” As soon as the word left his mouth he knew he messed up. Steve made eye contact with him but they both hoped Indy hadn’t noticed.
Bucky looked up at the two men who shrugged leaving the decision to him. “Okay, buddy. I’ll come too.” Satisfied with that answer he let go and ran to Steve with his arms up.
“Okay, Indy. We’re going to have a chat today and play with some of these puzzles. Sound good?” Annie asked.
“Hey, none of that today. He’s going to be fine now that he’s with us,” Tony said cheerily. Steve nodded and reached to pull the straps down over the front of his son, buckling them in to the seat between his legs.
“What’s that mean?”
“Ah,” Luca repeated. Tony stepped forward and kissed Luca’s cheek.
“Hey Pete. Where’s Steve?” He asked somewhat nervously.
Tony and Steve sat on the sofa in the next room and Bucky stood facing them, folder clutched tightly in his metal hand.
“I don’t think so, baby. He’s fine. JARVIS, what are Bucky and Indy doing?”
“It’s early for us,” he told Tony.
“Okay, we’ll make some breakfast then and let Steve sleep a little longer.” Indy immediately laid his head down on Tony’s shoulder, content now that Tony was bringing him along. Tony noticed the diaper Indy was wearing felt squishy so he detoured to Bucky’s room instead. “Let’s get you a new diaper and we can make a quick pit stop in the bathroom before breakfast.”
“Of course, Captain.”
Steve agreed right away. “Yeah, tomorrow sounds good. You know I’m not trying to make this harder on you right?”
Steve was shocked. “Tony, I -,” he stuttered.
“Okay, sweetheart. You’re supposed to make a wish and then blow out the candle,” Steve told him. “Think of something you hope happens,” Steve explained further. “And then blow.” Steve blew out some air as an example. They weren’t really sure he was understanding the concept but after a minute he leaned forward and blew, puffing his cheeks up and not really aiming correctly.
“Okay, Bambino, we can do this,” he whispered. Once Luca’s head was close to Tony’s nipple he latched on quickly. “I know you can’t understand this but drink as much as you can, sweetheart. It’s gotta hold you awhile.” He rubbed his thumb back and forth on the little boys thigh, the only comfort he could offer while the rest of his hand and arm held him up. Luca’s drinking slowed as he grew tired and eyes began to close. Tony bounced him in his arm quickly because he didn’t have the luxury of napping yet, he had to drink more. The boy gurgled but began to suckle again and Tony sighed in relief.
“I think you’re just overtired now, come here,” Tony started pulling on Steve’s arm until he got the hint and rolled toward Tony. Tony then pulled him on top of his own body so Steve was on top of him and they were lying chest to chest.
“Nice,” Tony answered, burrowing his face as close to Bucky’s neck as he could. He felt a soft sigh against his neck. Bucky patted his back comfortingly then started circling the room, inspecting every inch.
“I do,” Indy said, shooting an annoyed look to Steve. Everyone laughed at that.
“Kind of?” Tony said looking at Steve sheepishly.
“God, he looks even smaller in the seat, doesn’t he?”
“Hi, Bruce. Tired and kind of sore still, I guess. But better than I felt yesterday definitely.”
“Okay, I’ll explain when I see you, just checking.” He hung up before Steve could ask more questions. He waved a taxi down and climbed in so they could get to a toy store. Once in the doll aisle he set Indy down so he could look around. When he lingered around one in particular a little longer than the others he stepped in. “That ones cute,” he said.
“It’s okay, ‘Teev,” he corrected.
“I know you’re working, but can we talk for a minute?” He nodded to the sofa along the left side of the room.
“It’s perfect, Tony. I know it’s just for fun but you are her favorite and that’s okay,” he laughed. “She loves me too, I’m okay with sharing.” Bucky got on the floor across from Steve and Indy and grabbed another of Indy’s gifts from Santa. “Here, your turn.” Indy took it but then looked back at him.
“I went to go see Papa while Bucky gave you some breakfast, that’s all. I told you you were a good boy for saying sorry, didn’t I?” Indy nodded minutely. “I’m not mad, baby. And I’m never leaving you even if I do get mad. Same with Papa and same with Bucky, okay?” He received more of a nod for that. “Can I have a hug?” Steve turned so he could hand Indy over and Indy grabbed onto Tony just as tight. “I love you. I’m not going anywhere,” he whispered into Indy’s ear, kissing Indy’s shoulder as he pressed his head down further snuggling into his son.
“Wow, it’s beautiful. You’re a little artist like your Papa, huh?” Tony looked up and Steve beamed, smiling down at his son and then at him.
“That’s a bit dramatic, darling. I’ll survive my bruised arm. God knows I’ve had worse.”
“Go ‘way” Indy replied, pushing his hands against Steve’s thigh.
“Hey. It is. You went through a traumatic few days and your body is just readjusting. I bet it was hard to go to the bathroom at first right where they had you tied up, huh? Because your body didn’t want to go there, but eventually you had no choice so you had to let go. Now, you don’t have to do that but you’re adjusting. Your body will remember to keep control, just give it a little bit of time.” Tony put his hand back on his thigh and this time Steve didn’t flinch. “Especially once the serum kicks in again you’ll be so much better.” Steve nodded.
“We’ll see you in a little while, sweetheart,” Steve told his son, kissing his nose. Luca scrunched his face in reply and Steve chuckled.
“Fuck,” he muttered under his breath.
They went through and Bruce greeted Bucky and Indy.
“It’s not,” Steve snapped loudly, tears flowing freely now.
He walked into the bedroom he shared with Steve to see Indy in the middle of the king size bed bundled in his blue blanket with his llama and bear in each arm. The TV was on, playing some Disney movie Tony didn’t recognize, but Indy was looking down at his llama, picking at its fur nervously.
“Tony,” Steve started.
“We’ll get you nice and clean at home but I can wipe you down now?” He held the wipes up. Steve nodded hesitantly.
Steve walked down the steps to the workshop where Tony had Indy for the morning while he attended a meeting at Shield. Once he got close to the door he heard shouting from both of them, though the words were muffled through the glass and door. JARVIS opened it wordlessly when Steve was close and both Tony and Indy stopped their yelling to look at him as he entered. Indy sniffled and gasped.
“Bucky?” Tony questioned. Bucky went to the far wall, furthest from the door, just in case.
“Uh, okay,” he took the wooden board puzzle and ripped the plastic covering off of it then dumped the large wooden shapes off the board onto the table, then put the board down in front of the boy. “You gotta match the animals to their shape on the board to put them back.” Indy picked up a dog shape and held it out to Bucky.
“Indy?” The small boy asked, looking up to meet Steve’s gaze.
Steve grabbed a pair of Tony’s dark gray sweatpants and helped him slide them on then handed him a tank top which he managed himself. Steve went to the closet and got one of his own zip up sweatshirts for Tony to wear, knowing it would be big on him but comfortable.
“No, Peter, I’m sorry but you’re not coming.” Natasha quietly backed away to wait by the door and gave them a moment.
“Thanks, Jarvis,” Steve answered. “Ready?” Steve asked Bucky, who nodded nervously as they stood up from the sofa “All right Indy, come here bud.” Indy dropped the toy he was playing with and walked over to Steve. “Let’s see who’s in the kitchen, huh? Go look.” Indy ran off to the adjacent kitchen and Steve picked the baby off of the sofa she was napping on. The two men joined Indy in the kitchen where they found him climbing on to Clint’s lap as he sat at the table. Natasha sat next to him laughing and Bruce was cutting up vegetables on the counter for the meal he was going to cook.
Steve grabbed a bowl of Mac and cheese for himself and with a nod to Bucky he headed back to the stairs to return to the main floor. Tony sighed and rolled his eyes, swirling around on his stool to face Steve. "You might as well eat it here. If you want."
“I love you,” Tony whispered urgently. “So much.” Steve smiled.
"Do you hear the message?"
“Love you, Daddy,” Tony said as he crawled back under the covers. Steve gasped. Tony had never called him anything but Steve in the last 3 weeks. He ran his hand through Tony’s hair and kissed him once more.
Tony smirked. “On a table over there. I didn’t want to overwhelm you, we’ll sort through it and see what you like. Now, what’s up?”
“We always-“ Tony began.
Hi everyone! Sorry its been so long, real life got in the way but I still have some more ideas for this story..  This chapter is pretty short but it was just to get back into the swing of it.
Tony wanted to argue but knew he was right. “At least let me come to your command center. I’ll wait til they find him but I wanna be there when it happens to help.” Fury sighed. He knew he couldn’t stop Tony Stark once he made up his mind.
Tony brought Indy and the bassinet out into the living room when he finished assembling it. Indy in one arm and dragging the bassinet behind him with the other.
“Baby’s my friend,” Indy said sadly. Bucky wasn’t sure what that meant but he pulled his phone out and dialed Steve’s number.
“Hey, kiddo. Did you hit me to wake me up?” Indy nodded, as Bucky rubbed at his eye which was watering. “I’m sorry if I scared you jumping up like that but I didn’t know what happened.” He sat on the edge of the bed and pulled the boy into his lap. “What did you want, kiddo? It’s still early.”
“You can have it but let Papa make you the cocoa so you can have the whole thing together. He’s almost done. Finish your waffle.”
“One thing at a time,” he replied. “Text me if something happens before I get back.” Bucky nodded and Tony went off to find the doctor.
Bucky walked over to Indy. “Hey kid, you done thinking?” Indy nodded. “Yeah? And what are you not gonna do again?”
“Why don’t you kiss her good night and then Bucky can take her,” Steve said. Indy kissed her cheek and then let Bucky take her. He placed her in the bassinet, moving the stuffed dinosaur to the bottom out of her way.
“I don’t care what your rules say. You get the man that they want and have him ready or I’ll go in there and get him myself.”
Tony, looking a bit flustered and like he was hiding something, cleared his throat and quickly gathered up the papers. “Okay, I’m going to head back to work and have Pepper finalize all this with legal.”
“Our kid is 3 today,” Tony told him, with a sort of awe in his voice, causing Steve to blink his eyes open again to look at his boyfriend. “We have a kid, and it’s his birthday, and I just -  I don’t know. It’s a lot.”
“Crim-mas,” Indy repeated groggily.
“You spent all day with her yesterday and all night, Tony. You barely put her down because she got so attached to you. It’s understandable if you’re upset by the results,” Steve reasoned.
“Hey,” Steve said softly, coming up beside them. Bucky gave him a small smile. “Buck, did you, uh. Did you tell him who I was?”
"Yes," Bucky answered reluctantly. He didn't like it being separated from him.
“Like Bucky,” he muttered around his thumb.
“I meant that he did this, although you could have led with the fact that you were injured.” Tony shrugged.
“Thank you,” Steve replied sincerely. He headed to the elevator and straight down to the Stark Industries corporate offices. It was just before 5 so he thought he could just catch Pepper before she left for the day. He knocked on her door and he heard her say to come in.
“On it,” Tony responded before leaving the room.
"Felt like a pinch or something sharp when I moved it that way. Otherwise felt good."
Indy nodded. “Wet.” Tony laughed.
“Was bad,” Tony whispered, voice hitching slightly.
“Well, we’ll be outside. See you boys soon,” Natasha winked at Bucky and then left the room.
“Maybe we could just eat then,” Tony asked hopefully. Steve sighed. Tony looked up at him through his lashes.
“You need a full bath today, buddy. You’ll be fine.” He started to unzip the one piece bodysuit pajamas and made it to his waist before he started to cry. “I know, it’s okay,” Steve soothed as he pulled Indy’s arms out of the sleeves one at a time. “You can have your duckies in the water with you,” he offered. The ducks had been a purchase Tony made. A four pack of small multi colored rubber ducks that Indy loved but that still didn’t make bath time something he wanted. JARVIS started to fill the tub with warm water and Steve loved him for it.
Steve laughed. “You think I do? We’re both going to be winging this, pal. But we’ll do it together.” He leaned forward but waited for Tony to meet him halfway. They kissed softly.
Bucky glanced back at Indy who was watching Tony nervously. “Steve, why don’t I take the kids home for the night, let you guys try and relax?” Steve looked at him gratefully and nodded.  “Kiddo, come say goodnight to your Papa and Dad,” Bucky said. Indy walked over to the bed slowly and Bucky sat Poppy on the bed propped against Tony’s hip so he could pick Indy up for his goodbyes.
“Papa stay,” Indy whimpered.
“Baby?” Indy looked at his Papa confused.
“Oh, good one. I see what you did there.” Steve leaned down and kissed his head. Tony smiled innocently up at him. “It’s a good thing I love you, huh?”
“Uh, you can call me Steve. But you’d want me to leave?” Steve asked hesitantly.
“Da,” he exclaimed with a clap of his hands.
“The feeding rules will still apply. If we see you so much as think of trying to sneak-,”
This was delayed because I started Camp Nanowrimo and its taking up a lot of time! But I’ll keep updating, promise!
“Bruce, if Luca only gets milk twice a day what’s going to be happen?”
“I think we can skip the middle name, huh? That would get confusing for me,” He tickled the boys side. “So, Liam. You like that name? You can keep that or make up your own.” Indy looked down at the doll in his arms.
“Give me 5 minutes, Poppy seed, and then you’ll have a real bed,” Tony called out as he walked through the room to get a screwdriver to assemble the tiny bed.
Tony huffed a quiet laugh. "What could I possibly help Barnes with that no one else could?"
Steve and Bucky stared at each other for minute, some silent communication that didn't include Tony passing between them, and then Steve looked back to Tony.
“Yes,” Tony answered immediately. “Definitely safe, sweetheart. This,” he gestured to the bot, “is Dum-E. He’s a robot. He’s been with me for a very long time. You wanna say hi?” Indy looked unsure but Tony stepped forward so they were close enough to touch. Tony took Indy’s hand in his own and placed them on the closest piece of metal to them. “See, Dum-E is nice. And safe.” Dum-E let out a high pitched beep which Indy jumped at and then giggled.
“I know. I do too. Barnes got there first and the rest that he didn’t catch scattered but we could always have JARVIS start doing some searches. Have SHIELD looped in too, see if we can find any cells we can take out.” Steve nodded.
“Yeah, for like 2 minutes and then you came back in the room and you stepped up and became that boys dad. I just don’t know if I can be that,“ Bucky finished quietly.
He pulled out his phone and sent Natasha a text that Poppy was all set. Natasha had offered to watch over Poppy and hold her during the ceremony while Bucky dealt with Indy and his best man duties. She knocked a minute later and Indy ran to the door pulling it open and yelling his greeting.
“Hey, Happy. It’s Bucky. Just wanted to let you know Tony’s out of surgery and awake.”
Tony woke up slowly, painfully, and for a moment he had forgotten what happened. Unfortunately, he all too quickly was reminded that he and his son had been kidnapped while walking out of the tower to walk to the coffee shop. He hadn’t opened his eyes yet in case they were in the room but he could feel that he was strapped down to what felt like a chair you’d sit in at the dentist. His legs were strapped to the bottom with some type of metallic bands and there was one around his waist as well. His hands were cuffed behind him. He had been wearing a sweater but that was gone now and he could feel the chill in the room.
“Yes,” Steve breathed. Tony’s head snapped up. “Yes, Tony. Of course I’ll marry you.  I want that too, all of it.” Tony laughed nervously.
“No,” Tony whined while yanking his hand away. “No like you. Stop.”
“What did you need from Pepper?”
“Okay let’s see if your Daddy is awake. Papa needs to sleep so he can get better.” Bucky carried Indy into his parents room. Both men were still sound asleep. Bucky went to Tony’s side and nudged his shoulder. “Stark.” He shook him a little more. “Tony, wake up.” Tony grumbled something unintelligible.
“What?” Steve barked.
Bucky regained consciousness slowly and uncomfortably, realizing he was laying on a cold cement floor.  He groaned when he tried to readjust his position where they must have dropped him who knows how long ago. There was a weight pressed up against his left side he noticed,  then he heard a sniffle and a whine and quickly blinked his eyes open to check the source.
Bucky stepped around to the other side of the bed. “I’m glad you’re gonna be okay.”
“Da,” Indy reached an arm out to Tony, who responded instantly taking him.
“He’s always been slightly smaller than average. Last check up you just did on him he was 17.8 pounds which you said was under average though still okay. But now? He can’t lose weight if he’s already so tiny, Bruce,” Steve said, somewhat franticly.
“Yeah, it’s about that time. Thank you, honestly. This really helped us.”
Bringing the boys home.
“She doesn’t have a diaper on?” Steve asked.
“Okay, well, I can help get you both cleaned up.” Steve went over to the first aid area and grabbed some wet wipes and tissues as well as a clean blanket. “Open the blanket. I’ll get her cleaned off then you can take off your shirt.” Tony turned her around so she was facing Steve and unwrapped the blanket.
“I could be. I told you, whatever he can say I’m fine with.”
Tony nodded. “Absolutely. What do you say to some lunch?”
“Thank you,” he said, not looking up from the colors splayed in front of him. Bruce smiled warmly.
Bucky smiled at Tony. "Nice of you," he whispered so Steve wouldn't hear.
“No safe,” Indy said hesitantly.
“I’ll be fine,” Tony replied.
“Everyone’s okay,” he assured her. “Well, kind of. I actually had a favor to ask you. I know tomorrow’s Saturday and this is really last minute and you probably have plans,” Steve trailed off as she put a hand on his arm.
A bit of sleep deprivation didn’t really bother Steve. The serum auto-corrected most of the everyday bad feelings that most people would notice but he saw the toll this first week was taking on his husband.
“Please? I can’t move to scoot over but I think you’ll fit.” Tony looked so sad and sincere that Steve couldn’t say no. He managed to wedge himself next to Tony with enough of his body not hanging off the bed that he didn’t think he’d tip off. He sat up higher on the bed than Tony so his head was just above his and faced him on his side. He leaned in and kissed Tony’s head, their hands still clasped between their bodies. “Rest more, sweetheart.”
Indy gets sick and Steve learns he doesn’t like baths.
“No, please,” he replied lifting his arms out to Tony, starting to get upset. “No, please,” he said again and Tony hated to think about why that was the one phrase the kid seemed to know so well and used repeatedly. He didn’t want to imagine this tiny, young, adorable kid begging some Hydra thug to not make him do something or to not do something to him with a whimpered ‘no, please.’ Tony reached out to grab the kid under his armpits and brought him to his chest.
“Yeah, that’s for you to learn how to use the bathroom like a big boy,” Tony said happily, but Indy looked anything but happy.
“Pa pa,” he said as he reached his arms out, still saying it as if it were two words. Steve sat on the bed and pulled Indy onto his lap.
Indy shot upright. “See Pa?”
She nodded knowingly. “Don’t worry about him just take care of this one.” She poked the baby’s nose with her finger gently then headed to the cockpit to join the other two men.
Tony smirked. “Okay, why not?” He grabbed a pinch of chocolate chips and a few blueberries and held his hand out in front of Indy. “Put them on top of the batter and then I’ll flip it. Don’t put your hand too close.” Indy did it, one at a time, incredibly slowly, and Tony wondered how burnt it would be by the time he got to flip it. When he finally finished he looked at Tony expectantly. “Very good job. I have to flip it now to cook on that side so I have to put you down.”
Steve sighed. “How are you feeling?”
“Okay,” Indy replied simply. Bucky smirked. Steve smiled and kissed his sons forehead.
“You’re shaking. Why don’t you sit down?”
They poured their cereal and ate in companionable silence. Steve took a few token bites, but it was more so Peter would continue eating than for himself. It was hard to enjoy food when Tony was being fed hardly anything and his son was only able to drink twice a day.
"I just," he started again.
“I know,” Steve agreed. “He needs to cool down but I’ll talk to him, okay? Just give me a chance to do that.” Bucky nodded hesitantly. “Why don’t you go back and have some breakfast, hang out with Indy and I’ll talk to Tony.”
“Hey, sweetheart. You’re okay,” Steve murmured to him. Tony blinked awake nervously but then his gaze settled on his husband and son.
“Yeah, buddy. I’m here. You’re okay,” Bucky whispered to him. “These people in this room, they’re good. They’re safe,” Bucky stressed.
“Tony,” Steve started to protest. “I’m heavy.”
“Put him next to me,” Tony said.
“Stay with Pa,” he cried out.
“‘Teev stop,” he begged through his laughter. So much for saying ‘Steve.’
“Good try, anyway.” Steve walked back in to the bedroom, Indy toddling behind him. “We need to add one of those little kids potty training toilets to our list.”
“Wanted to leave bad place,” Tony explained with a sob.
Steve and Tony’s wedding.
“We saw files that said she was created with super-soldier DNA so he said it’s Steve’s then and I just said it could also be his. Right? He hasn’t really said anything or looked at her since.”
“Absolutely,” Steve assured him. “Forever, if you’ll have us.” Steve kissed the top of Tony’s head where it rested on his shoulder. Tony nodded and tried to discreetly wipe away his tears.
“You can’t - you can’t take him from me,” Tony stuttered out defensively. “I adopted him, you can’t take him away,” he added looking down at his feet, as if convincing himself more than Steve.
“I see them,” Bucky answered, smiling at his excitement.  Steve went to make the cocoa and Tony reached over and pulled one of the candy canes out of the box, unwrapping one end.
“No, buddy. I’m not hurt, promise.”
"FRIDAY keep an eye on him."
“Oh my god, Tony.”
“Both?”
“No. Don’t need,” Tony said, waving his hand at the bottle in Bucky’s hand.
“Ready for some soup?” Steve asked as he sat at the counter with Indy on his lap. Indy clapped and nodded. “There’s more soup in the pan if you want some, Buck.”
“Hi, Pep. Everyone. You all carpool or what?”
“It was hard on him today. He’s a little upset,” Steve replied sadly. “He went to Bucky right away as usual.”
“We had a moment trying to get here. I yelled at him, he bit me. We both apologized to each other. It’s fine now,” Bucky waved Steve off.
“Almost done,” Steve whispered, keeping a hand on each of them, offering comfort. Natasha managed to cut through the bands around Tony’s legs and waist with some of the tools she and Clint had brought with them and just like that Tony was free.
“She seems okay all things considered. I kissed her cheek and she didn’t know what to make of that.” Tony sighed and Steve looked sadly at her as he reached out to hold the hand that was patting Tony. She gripped his finger for a second but then pulled it away to grab back on to Tonys shirt.
“We can’t confirm it,” he answered. “But if they didn’t he would be back with us.” Tony stood and paced away from the table.
Tony leaned closer and played a quick kiss on his lips. “You’re allowed to want to hold your son,” Tony said, rolling his eyes. “This ones on me, but it’s over starting now. I don’t want you to leave but I do need to move slowly with this. Hold your son,” he gestured to Luca. “Just stay close?”
Tony and Indy spent the morning together and, at Indy’s insistence, Bucky joined them for lunch. It was during their meal that Tony got a call from Fury.
“I scared him,” Tony said sadly.
“Finally back with us,” the man sneered.
“It’s what I’m here for.”
“Hey,” Steve called after him. “Some things are way more convenient nowadays and I like that.” He shrugged even though Tony wasn’t in the room. “I’m picking the movie then.”
“Is that a Christmas tree?” Tony asked, going only by the green color and hoping he was correct.
“I’d love to but I don’t think it’s gonna be that easy, kiddo.” Bucky managed to stand up, the serum in his system seemed to have taken care of whatever beating he took before. Tony scrambled to his feet and grabbed Bucky’s wrist with both his hands.
“I give Da bear,” he said, lifting the blues bear to show his Papa. Steve nodded.
“Uh, no, thanks. I just wanted to see, um.” Bucky cut off the rest of his sentence because Tony walked in at that moment and made a beeline to the coffee maker Steve was in front of.
“I love you.” Steve kissed the side of his head and then uncapped the orange juice. “Drink a little of this for me?” Tony pulled his head up and took the bottle, sipping slowly. He handed it back when he couldn’t drink anymore. “Why don’t you close your eyes? We’ve got maybe an hour left. Make the most of it,” he smiled.
“Yeah, you are. Just keep it in mind. I could take care of everything.” Tony clapped his hand on Bucky’s knee.
Tony stepped fully in to the room and over toward his boyfriend. “You know Jarvis can tell us as soon as he starts to wake up. Come on, put him down and come with me.”
Bucky’s phone buzzed and he grabbed it and opened the new text from Natasha. It was a selfie of her and Poppy sitting outside in one of the chairs setup for the guests, Poppy on her lap and smiling at the camera while reaching out to grab it. Bucky smiled down at the photo and saved it to his picture folder. “Wanna send Auntie Natasha a picture?” Bucky asked.
“She is,” Steve agreed, running his hand through Indy’s hair.
"He wants to know if he can come down for a minute," she asked after a moment.
“I’m sorry, Clint.” Steve tried really hard not to laugh. Clint took the little hand in his and shook.
“Night. Love Buppy,” he answered, settling back and blinking heavily.
“Well, at least that’s sticking,” Tony laughed from the front seat. Steve smiled.
"But why Tony I can just," Steve started but was cut off swiftly by Tony.
“Buppy!” Indy chose that moment to chime in.  Steve and Bucky laughed.
“Uh, no, Munchkin. Steve’s your dad remember? Bucky said when he introduced you yesterday,” Tony laughed nervously. He didn’t know why this was freaking him out so much. They were having a perfectly nice morning. Indy furrowed his brow as he took in what Tony was telling him.
Bucky held out a tiny light gray basket that had a pink bow around it to match the accent in the boys tie. The flower petals had been a concession Steve and Tony were happy to make when they asked Indy to be the ring bearer. They explained the whole ceremonial process to the boy, including how Bucky and Uncle Rhodey were going to be the best man for each of them, and how normally there was a flower girl but they were skipping that part because they just wanted Indy to be their ring bearer. After learning what a flower girl would have done he insisted he could do both tasks, and so, he had a basket with white flower petals ready for dropping, and nestled in the corner of the basket was a tiny pillow with the 2 rings tied to it.
“Well, I do,” Steve said quickly. “I would never keep you from Indy. You saved his life, Buck. He wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you. So, just, hang out a bit, okay? Don’t leave.”  Bucky nodded and headed for the kitchen.
“Poppy,” Bucky offered at Tony’s questioning glance.
“Goodnight, Buck,” Steve said. He sighed as they left, and the room was left in silence. “Anything I can do for you right now?” He asked Tony softly.
“Are you coming?” he asked brokenly.
Fifteen minutes later Steve went to check on Tony because he hadn’t heard a sound since the water turned on. “Hey, sweetheart. You okay in there?” He asked as he stuck his head in the bathroom. The steam billowed out and Steve wondered how hot the water had to be for the amount of heat and condensation in the room at the moment. “Tony?” When he didn’t answer again Steve pulled the back of the shower curtain open and peeked in. Tony was standing under the spray, head down, water running over his face and shoulders shaking with silent sobs. “Oh, Bubba,” Steve whispered. Steve reached in and turned the water off but Tony still didn’t turn to him so he grabbed a towel and stepped in behind his husband wrapping him up and turning him around. “You’re okay. Come on, I’m gonna help.” He held Tony for a minute then walked him over to the edge of the tub, stepped out himself, then helped Tony out.
“It’s not you. I’m sorry,” he cried softly.
“That’s right,” Steve answered. “It’s not nice to hit. So are you going to keep hitting people?”
“Happy birthday, Munchkin,” he said as he stepped into he room, coming to a stop in front of them. “First surprise of the day,” Tony announced. He pulled a balloon out from behind his back and let it go so it floated up a foot or so as he kept hold of the string. Indy gasped. It was an Avengers ballon that had cartoon versions of them and said Happy Birthday in big letters. “For you,” Tony added and put the string in Indy’s hand. “Look, it’s me and Papa,” he pointed at each of their likenesses. Indy smiled, tugging at the string and making the balloon bounce in the air.
Tony has a panic attack.
Bucky looked down at the bag and then placed it on the counter. “Indy’s birthday is in a few days.” Bucky cleared his throat. “I saw this and I thought he’d like it, but if you don’t want me  to give it to him I understand.”
“Love you,” Indy explained.
“That’s okay, I’ll just leave this,” he held the bag up, but then took a second look at Steve’s face. “Are you crying?”
“Hey, no,” Bucky said quickly, grabbing Indy’s arm before he got any further. “Gentle, remember? No climbing.” Indy pouted and crossed his arms across his chest.
“What happened here?”
“What if you just nap here? I’ll stay and watch and if they wake up or someone comes back I’ll tell you.” Steve was already shaking his head. “You need rest too, Tony would tell you to sleep, you know he would.” Steve smiled at that. Peter pulled out his phone since the TV was playing the livestream and flicked through Netflix to find a mindless show to put on. He propped his phone on the coffee table in front of him. “Here, we’ll just watch a little and if you start to fall asleep just don’t stop yourself, okay? I won’t stop watching Tony and Luca, I promise.”
“‘Kay, Da,” Indy mumbled around the thumb that he now had in his mouth.
“Wow,” Bucky said, mesmerized as he held her for the first time.
Tony smiled. “Hey.”
“Got your stuff, Indy,” he said, holding it up for the boy to see.
“It’s okay, Poppy,” he told her very seriously for a three year old. “Don’t cry. You have a dad. And a bed,” he threw in as an afterthought.
“It’s me!” Indy exclaimed. “Papa said ray-deer.” Steve smirked at the pronunciation.
“Well, I’ll play with this one,” Clint said as Indy tried to climb onto his shoulders with fistfuls of Clint’s hair. Steve laughed.
“I’ll call them both.” He stepped away and let Pepper know what happened first. She was going to come right away. He found a contact called Rhodey and called that next. When a man answered Bucky said, “Uh, hi. Is this Rhodey?”
“Can go home?” He mumbled.
“Wanna go home,” he mumbled.
“Crim-mas!” Indy answered.
“What’s wrong?”
“That’s right. Indy’s birthday,” Steve told him.
“Yeah. You’ll see him really soon.”
“Yeah? What’s up, kiddo?” Clint sat on the stool at the kitchen island in front of where Steve stood. Tony looked up at Steve who nodded encouragingly. He looked at Clint and, very seriously, held his hand out to shake.
Tony shrugged, unable to reply, but Bucky continued to stare at him making Tony uncomfortable.
“Da, stay.” Indy demanded even as he looked back to Bucky expectantly.
“We know you were trying to do a good thing, baby. Protecting your Papa. That’s very brave of you, but you need to trust that we know who is safe and who isn’t. If we tell you a situation and person is okay you have to believe us.” Indy sniffled as Tony spoke. “You gotta stop with the hitting.”
sorry for the late update; life has been really busy !!
____________________________________________________________________________
“Yeah? Well I guess we’ll have to build a pretty cool rocket ship for you, hm?”
For the next hour, the class spent time learning the colors of the rainbow and coloring inside the lines of the picture. Peter did a pretty good job staying inside the lines. “Mr. Rogers!! Look! I colored the rainbow,” he exclaimed proudly.
“As long as you learned your lesson. Now come here baby,” Tony sighed softly, kneeling down with his arms spread wide for a hug.
more fluff mainly - hopefully it isn't too bad :)
“You messy!” Peter giggled back, even though Tony had not a single lick of ice cream on his face.
The entire kindergarten class cheered happily. Peter’s hand was shot up in the air, wiggling his fingers so that Coach Barton would definitely see him.
“Oh… more slides for us then!!” Peter laughed. He played around on the monkey bars for a while before climbing the playground to slide down the long slide.After reaching the top of the slide, Peter crouched down to sit. Before he even knew what was happening. He was pushed to the side by Flash, who went down the slide without a second glance at Peter.
“Thank you so much,” Tony said with a smile. He took the piece of candy and unwrapped it, stuffing the wrapper in his suit pocket before handing it to Peter. Even though it was only 9 am and he knew Peter shouldn’t be having candy that early, he also knew that it was Peter’s first day and he deserved a treat. “Thank you Daddy!” Peter giggled, taking the candy and licking it gleefully. Following her directions, Tony led Peter down the hallway. As they got closer to the room, they could hear the many laughs of children that would be in Peter’s class.
“Ooh! Betty too! Betty’s name starts with a B!!” Peter said proudly.
“Lizards are pretty cool too! I like elephants the mostest,” Peter shared with Harry; Harry had been telling him all about how he loved lizards, but his dad wouldn’t let him.
Steve came over and gave an exaggerated gasp when he saw the paper completely colored in. “Wow! Awesome Petey!!” He compliments before making his way to the front of the class. “Alright everybody! We’re gonna head down to the gym and you’ll all get to meet Coach Barton!” Steve shared. “Everyone get in a single file line in front of the door - careful! No pushing please!”
“Oh, of course! I hated seeing him in pain and I just thought I’d check in on him.”
Peter's first day of school - he meets new friends, new teachers, and most importantly: how he reacts without Tony for once.
Peter had hidden behind Tony’s leg, but this man seemed nice so he stepped out. “I like… I like elephants,” he mumbled shyly, swaying back and forth as he usually did to self soothe.
“Hey bug. You wanna tell me about your day now?” He murmured softly as they walked towards the car.
Tony rolled his eyes fondly with a smile. He leaned forward with a napkin and gently wiped it off Peter’s nose. “You are just so messy,” he teased softly.
Once he was outside, he could hear the sound of the TV and he took a deep breath, knowing Peter was safe. He frowned when he heard another voice talking to Pete. Was it the TV?
“Hey bug, what’s wrong?” Tony asked gently as he kneeled down beside the bed, running his fingers through Peter’s hair.
Tony shook his head, holding his son close. Peter’s sobs had thankfully died down to soft sniffles. “No, he’ll be alright. Thank you though, really Steve. Peter never lets anybody near him when he’s hurt unless their family; he must trust you,” he said, smiling a little.
Peter sniffed softly and nodded, slipping his thumb into his mouth. “Blankie,” he mumbled, pointing to the quilt on the ground.
Tony rounded the corner, smiling at the sight that greeted him. Rhodey was talking about how ridiculous the show was while Peter kept defending the idea that a bunch of talking search and rescue dogs went out on missions with a young boy, saving people left and right.
They made their butterflies for the next 20 minutes before Steve took the front of the room again. “Alright everyone, I walked around and you all made excellent butterflies!! Let’s have a round of applause for everybody!” he cheered, clapping his hands with the kids. “We’re going to go outside and play on the playground for a little bit, okay?”
Now, it was Sunday night before Peter’s first day of kindergarten. His son was snuggled under his space themed blankets, waiting for his dad to finish picking out a story to read.
“Eh, sorta. He’s a little nervous that he won’t make any friends and that he’ll miss me too much,” Tony answered, shrugging a little. “But I told him he doesn’t have to go again if he doesn’t want to after today. But I know he’ll love it, he’s gonna meet so many kids and my bug is going to be friends with everybody, I can promise you that,” he added proudly, beaming at his son. Peter’s cheeks flushed bright pink at Tony’s praise.
Smiling a little bit at the reassurance, Peter continued sharing his day. “After ABCs we had lunch!! I sat with Ned and MJ and Harry and Liz and Betty and Flash!!”
“1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14… um… 14… 15! 15, 16, 17!!!” Peter completed confidently as Tony finished getting him buckled.
The rest of the class went similarly; Steve would give a word that started with the letter he said and a student would interrupt to give him another word. “Good job everybody!! We learned the ABCs!!” Steve praised while clapping his hands, all of the kids sitting with wide smiles. “Okie dokie, let’s grab our lunches from our cubbys and we’ll head down to lunch.”
Tony grinned at that and waved lightly. “Alright, thank you. I’ll see you later then.” And with that, Tony left the classroom.
“Hey! I’m Steve Rogers, I’m one of the kindergarten teachers here. You must be-” he paused, scanning his class roster. “Peter Parker-Stark!” Steve knelt down to see the boy. “Hey little guy, I’m Mr. Rogers! I’m going to be your teacher this year. Can you tell me what your favorite animal is?”
Peter nodded and leaned up to press a big kiss on Rhodey’s cheek. “Thank you Uncle Rhodey!” he said sweetly, his small hands pressing Rhodey’s cheeks together as he looked up at him. “Of course squirt! Be good today buddy,” Rhodey said fondly before passing the boy off to Pepper. “Thank you Auntie Pep!” Peter said, pressing a wet kiss to her cheek with a giggle. “Payback,” she hummed as she kissed his cheek, her red lipstick leaving a print.
________________________________________________________________________
Peter seemed pretty pleased with that response, happy that his gym teacher was okay. The rest of the class was spent playing a bunch of games - all of them were silly made up games that Clint had made himself. At the end of the class period, most of the class was sweaty from running around: except for MJ. MJ spent gym class reading a book against the wall. Steve rounded the class back up and then they were on their way back to the classroom.
Peter shot up from his seat, dragging Ned with him. “Come on Ned!! We’re gonna play on the slides and swings!!’
I wanted to start posting shorter chapters; I lost interest in this one but I still want to finish it for you guys <3
“Oh, I know baby boy, I know. It’s alright, I’m not mad bug, I just want you to be safe,” Tony comforted softly, hugging Peter closely as he rubbed his back. “Come on, let’s get you upstairs,” he hummed softly as he picked him up.
Thank God for the internet; he could do a good two-third of the work he usually did in his office while sitting right here in his lab at the Avengers Mansion. Some of the board members and prospective large-scale customers might be irritated that he'd emailed them back instead of calling their cell phones or secretaries as requested, but an email was vastly preferably to no response at all, and he hadn't been off the radar for long enough for people to get suspicious yet.
Pepper had had a few things to say about that.
"Let me."  Thor crouched down next to him, hefted Mjolnir, and gave a firm tap to the side of the armor's shoulder-piece — could you call it a 'pauldron' on something as futuristic as Tony's armor?
"I have come to deliver a message to my stepbrother," she was proclaiming, in a voice that echoed off the high ceiling.
Jarvis had an appreciation for storytelling, and for a mortal whose years numbered far fewer than Thor's, gave surprisingly wise advice.
That made it different, somehow.
"You know, Peter really would be good at that," Steve said, after a long moment. "But you'll never get him to leave New York City, anymore than you'd get Daredevil to." Not that they would want to; both the remnants of the Initiative and New York law enforcement were pretending very hard that Daredevil didn't exist these days. The unqualified disaster that their attempt to prove Matt Murdock was Daredevil had turned into wasn't something anyone was likely to forget anytime soon.
"Two of my exes are runway models and one is a designer." Tony's voice was wry again. "I avoid fashion week."
“I can guess.”  Her voice was too tired and hoarse to be dry, but he could still hear the attempt at humor in it.
"You hated running SHIELD," Steve said flatly. "It was killing you, the same way working with Dickstein and Koening was."
Steve's eyes went automatically to the smooth, unmarked skin of Tony's chest, though he knew that wasn't what Tony was referring to; they were both missing a lifetime's worth of scars, now, and while Steve occasionally missed the small imperfections he'd grown used to in his own appearance – the scar where he'd torn his knee falling off a fire escape as a child, the smallpox vaccination mark on his arm that no one who'd grown up in today's world had – he didn't miss Tony's scars at all. "No," he said, willing it to be true. "You won't."
"If I hadn't said anything, you'd have arranged for me to wear one of those Businesswoman Barbie suits that have a miniskirt instead of pants."
Just hearing Sally's voice on the phone last week had brought the memory back, made him long simultaneously for both the scotch he still kept in his office — not offering prospective business associates a drink would be a sign of weakness, as well as a breach of unwritten social rules — and for the sound of Steve's voice. He'd made himself get back to work, ignoring the temptation to call Steve just to make sure he was okay.
"And Loki has never willingly served anyone." Thor's face was grim. "I would have words with this Agatha Harkness."
So Wanda was out there somewhere, possibly with amnesia, possibly still in full possession of her powers, and they had no idea where. Tony made a mental note to keep an eye out for any unexplained events or energy surges in Europe. "If she's not using her powers on a major scale, and she really does have amnesia, than she's not a major threat right this moment. We've got enough to deal with here without mounting a global search for someone who wants to stay lost and can use magic to keep it that way."
"Let's hear them then," Steve said. After that, he let Tony do all of the talking; his mouth was otherwise occupied.
Time seemed to stretch out as the guard came closer, while Don frantically and uselessly tried to will Mjolnir into his hand.
Interfacing with his armor didn't count as 'using the Extremis,' not really, and it was faster and more efficient than using voice commands and the HUD displays.  The schematic of the mansion he called up via the Extremis was lit up like a Christmas tree with heat signatures, the armor's sensors picking up intruders on all levels.  There was no way of knowing which one was Doom or Sin and which were Sin's hired thugs, but it didn't matter.  They were here for the John Dee manuscript, so Tony would have to get to it first.
It had nothing to do with Hank and Tony, she told herself. She wasn't rushing to forgive Wanda because she felt obligated to give the other woman a second chance after being so quick to come back to the pro-Registration side despite Bill's death, despite how uneasy HUSAC's actions and the Fifty State Initiative had made her.
Doom, however, explained himself to no one. "The equinox is still months away. I would council patience, but I imagine that is beyond you."
Don wasn't listening; he could see one of the security monitors over Tony's shoulder, displaying a slightly grainy view of the buildings front lobby.
He had come within inches of getting half the team killed with his ridiculous plan to have a robot attack them to that he could stop it and save the day - and thus prove that they should keep him on the team. So she had blamed him for letting himself fall apart that way, as well as for gambling with their team's lives and hitting her.
Steve swayed backwards, aiming a kick at Hyde's ribs that should have broken bones but was probably only going to leave bruises. "You should have stayed in prison," he said, switching his shield to his left hand. "They'll add another three years to your sentence for this escape."
"You're not?" he asked. And then, "What do you mean, stuck like this?"
Clint thrust his bow between Doom's legs, hooking his other ankle, and Doom staggered forward just in time to slam into Steve's shield as Steve thrust the flat of it at his face.  His momentum added force to the blow, and even with his shield protecting his hand, Steve could feel the impact all the way to his shoulder.
Coming from a man whom Steve had known to personally redesign completely functional products from the ground up because they were only 'good' and not good
"There was food still sitting in his bowl when I got breakfast." Clint frowned down at the feather in his hands. "You don't think he's sick, do you?"
job, things would be getting pretty desperate right about now. As it was, he'd started to catch himself looking back wistfully at the old days when Jameson had lectured him on how his laziness and unreliability were everything that was wrong with the youth of America.
The restaurant wasn't quite as expensive as Tony would have chosen, but it was nice enough that Steve was wearing a suit, something he didn't do very often. It was a very expensive suit - Tony recognized it as one of Jan's designs, which meant it had been a gift and Steve had no clue how much it cost - but Steve still looked a little bit like mob muscle. The width of his shoulders and his general air of "I wish I were wearing a uniform instead of something with cufflinks" ensured that.
Tony pointed this out, along with the fact that it was a ridiculously unlikely long shot, and then one of the SHIELD medical personnel, who had until then been ignoring them, started heading in their direction.
Blows from holodummies didn't have the force of a real attack, but they still hurt. Hank was going to have bruises later – Jan had set the safety protocols at level two, not level one. It was actually kind of flattering, he reflected, as he tackled the robot trying to take Clint from behind, to know that she trusted him to take care of himself at least that far, powers or no.
Steve put a hand on Tony's arm again, made his voice more firm. "Tony, you need to take your armor off, or you could hurt someone."
"I haven't seen the rest of the exhibit yet," Steve countered. The 'Art and Artifacts of Alchemy' exhibit was scheduled to open to the general public next Friday, and a banner announcing its presence already hung outside the museum. Medieval and Renaissance art had never been Steve's field, but he could appreciate the complex symbolism in the one painting and two seventeenth century engravings he'd seen thus far. Tony would like them; they were like puzzles in visual form, each of the pictures showing some part of a chemical process.
"You're a smart man, Calvin." Tony spoke quietly, letting the armor's helmet amplify his voice. "Why are you helping her summon the embodiment of chaos? There's no profit in it for you."
Tony's hand, when he took it in his, was cool to the touch.
The last time Jan had seen them, the police had been carting them away after their joint attack on the Avengers Mansion with the Master's of Evil. They had come close to killing Hercules, the four of them teaming up on him and beating him unconscious - even a demigod was vulnerable to the effect of the Wrecker's enchanted crowbar and Piledriver's fists.
"Don't feel sorry for her," Barnes mumbled into his hands. "She gets her jollies by torturing people. I should know."
Clint stared at him for a moment, then snickered. "And he didn't just laugh at you?"
Thor had not read the transcripts from the Senate and Congressional hearings; even had he had the inclination to do so, rebuilding Valhalla had consumed all his time, and much of Don's as well.
Behind his purple mask, Clint's eyes opened even wider. "Um, it's okay?" he tried.
At least Sally Floyd had apologized for breaking the story without telling them, though she'd put most of the blame on Tony for not answering his phone.
This time, the rage was entirely Thor's. Don felt it anyway, magnified by his own frustration at their inability to find his alter-ego's lover; he'd wanted to find her badly, for Thor – at least one of them should get to have a fresh start with the woman he loved.
Then she turned and left the plane, her feet moving steadily down the ramp despite her desperate efforts to stop, to turn around, to exert any kind of control over her own body. She couldn't even twitch her fingers.
She shook off fanciful thoughts and looked for a safe place to land, somewhere where she wouldn't be ankle-deep in debris.
Tony snorted. "You're not the only one thinks that. We ran into my cousin Morgan at the ball, and he tried to hit on me."
Tony came a step closer to him, one hand coming up to touch the side of Steve's face. "I swear, I did not do this on purpose." He stared into Steve's eyes, expression uncertain. His eyes were a clear, bright blue, shading to darker grey around the pupils, no hint of oily Extremis black. Steve felt a sudden urge to wipe the smudge of grease on his face away, to clean all traces of SE and his workshop off of him.
"Well, yeah," Tony admitted, "if booting me out over concern for my health didn't work when I was having open heart surgery, I doubt it will work now, but that's not going to stop them from trying."
Most of the time, the city's police and emergency departments coped surprisingly well with supervillains, but there were times, like now, when the wheels of city bureaucracy turned much too slowly.
"The eyelashes," he said. "I figured the other part out a while ago. Seriously, don't flirt with me, okay? You're actually pretty hot as a woman, but you know I'm not into men."
"What data?" One of the worst parts of having a female body, Tony thought, for a half-hysterical second, was the way his voice went shrill when he was upset.
"Ah," she said. "One of Mr. Stark's 'relatives.'" Clint could actually hear the quotation marks around the word 'relatives.' "Come along, Mr. Hawkeye." She gestured with her clipboard for him to precede her. "Why don't we get you seen to?"
. Kicking Tony out of his own home was not something Steve was prepared to do, even if there had been the remotest chance that Jarvis would have actually let him.
Did she have a matching bandage on the back of her neck?
"Yes," Hank muttered. "Yes it is. You don't know. It is."
"You're
Sin ripped the spear back out, sending a spray of blood arcing through the air, and Tony collapsed to the pavement, unmoving.
It was a tempting thought, but actually attempting to put pressure on the museum via donations would be unethical. And it wasn't Steve's money to spend, either, though Tony wasn't likely to object to using financial blackmail for a good cause. Not ethical, he reminded himself.
Something exploded elsewhere in the mansion.
Steve wasn't, he told himself, waiting up until Jan and Tony came back just so that he could be treated to the spectacle of Tony in a dress. That would be immature and petty.
Ad now Wanda and Jan were giggling, and this entire thing was getting ridiculous.
"Fine. You're not playing secretary. Look, that's not why I called. Don't think I'm happy about it, but it's not why I called. I'm in New York for the next couple of days, trying to call in favors and draft somebody to be your replacement, and I wanted to give you guys a heads-up in case you needed back up for anything while I'm in town."
Tony's lips curved into something between a smile and a smirk. "You don't look like one. Not in this suit," he said, a familiar husky sound to his voice, the one that always sent a shiver down Steve's spine and started a slow heat in the pit of stomach.
The crowbar had left dents in his armor that were going to take most of this evening to hammer back out; the armor was much more difficult to repair than the average costume. Tony found himself actually looking forward to it. It would be a soothing way to let out his frustration after Wanda and Strange inevitably failed once again to change him back. There was something deeply satisfying about old-fashioned hands-on metal working, especially when it involved hitting things repeatedly.
At least he knew now that he could still function in a combat or rescue situation even when Tony was involved; he hadn't fallen apart until after they'd gotten to the hospital.
The kiss was long and hard, almost bruising, and when she pulled back several long moments later, Doom could taste blood from a stinging bite to his lower lip.
Steve surprised himself by laughing. "So, are you getting out of the shower now?"
shoulder, which felt almost like going out in public half naked, which he technically was if you counted his mostly-bare legs - and said, "Keep your head up and don't listen to anything they say about you."
There was always some part of your equipment that needed cleaning or repairing or replacing. And there were arrows to make; you could never have enough arrows.
Wanda opened her mouth to speak, and Tony raised one gauntlet, cutting her off.
Cap probably needed someone to talk to, anyway, since Sam was downstairs getting his fork-wounds bandaged.
The Doombot's energy weapons crackled uselessly as she forced them to malfunction.  It barely seemed to notice her next punch, all of its attention focused on trying to rip free the handheld force cannon she had fused to its gauntlet.  The cannon was emitting a high-pitched whine, only moments away from exploding.
Steve shook his head; there was no danger here that he could see. The stiff line of Wanda's back and the frozen lack of expression on her face had set off alarm bells, though. Something was wrong here, even if he himself had noticed nothing.
"As a foot rest," Steve returned. Thankfully, his hair was too short for chewing on — human hair seemed to inexplicably delight the cat, and he almost hadn't survived his first encounter with Carol, which had involved launching himself at her head from behind while she'd been sitting on the couch.
"My turn," Tony gasped, his eyes coming open. "Can I move now?"
Tony planted his hands on his desk and braced himself until the moment of dizziness passed. When he looked up again, Pepper was frowning at him with slightly annoyed-looking concern.
things were was a blank, as if something had dragged a hand over her memory and wiped an entire section out. Or perhaps she hadn't been there to remember it at all – the thing-that-was-not-her-aunt might have just switched her off like a doll, and put her away until she was needed again.
for sure, but… Clint must have slept with Wanda in Transia, while she had been under Chthon's control, probably while Clint was under mind control, too. That, or something very close to it. Nothing else that Jan could think of would explain the way Carol kept being so deliberately vague about exactly what unknown but terrible things Chthon had done to Wanda, when it wasn't like Carol to dance around something. Not to mention the weird, guilty look in Clint's eyes whenever he looked at her, and Carol's previous fierce conviction that Wanda had hurt Clint in some way that clearly seemed worse to her than even his temporary death.
Yes, clearly it was Hank who was worried, and not Tony, Steve thought affectionately. "Hank's experiences with marriage are not universal," he said firmly.
"Most of the emails I get are spam," he protested. "I can't believe the lawyers want me to keep them all. The girl in records management said that ninety-five percent of email is worthless and I didn't have to keep all of it."
Beside her, Sam was unsuccessfully trying to fend off Redwing's efforts to groom his hair, which were accompanied by fussing sounds that seemed an awful lot like scolding. "We're going to need a flatbed to get it back to the mansion," he observed. "Stop it. My hair is not- I'm fine, Redwing. Quit it."
"What else was I supposed to do?" Tony looked away, inspecting the IV line in his elbow. He tugged at it absently, adding, "I couldn't just let them attack each other. More people would have gotten hurt." Standing by and watching when he could have intervened would have made anything that happened to those people his fault.
He still looked pale, the sharp angles of his cheekbones making him look fragile. Steve wanted to touch him, to comfort him somehow, but misery held him paralyzed.
He'd drawn this years ago, not long after he'd joined the Avengers. Long before Wanda had been possessed — she and Pietro had still been with Magneto then — and before Hank's problems had started. Tony's drinking hadn't gotten bad yet, and... and Tony had also been hiding a serious and potentially fatal heart condition, and Steve himself had still been shaken up from the war. Hank's powers hadn't worked properly half the time, and they'd all been so new at what they were doing that Jan had nearly died just months after they'd formed the team.
Steve and Sharon were the ones who got Barnes up and on his feet again, and the ones who snuck him into the trunk of the flying car Fury sent down to fetch Tony. They worked together with a smoothness that spoke of experience, and Tony bit back a sudden jealousy. He'd read both their SHIELD files. He knew they'd been on any number of missions together. He also knew exactly what had happened between them while Sharon had been under Dr. Faustus's control, and being jealous of a woman who had been mindcontrolled into sleeping with Steve and then shooting him was petty and wrong.
"But did you tell anyone?" she pressed. "When people like us lose it, it's a big deal. You have to tell someone. The more people who know, the better the chance that if it happens again, somebody will step in before anyone gets hurt. If nothing else, you should have told Steve. If any of us had known about Wanda..."
"Stark Industries hasn't been perceived as stable in over five years," Shooter said. "Not since-"
Time was limited, however, and the need to divert some of his attention away from his plans was a constant hindrance. Still, Latveria would not rule itself.
Tony thought.
Steve glanced automatically at Tony, who was staring down at the empty glass in his hands. It was an unwritten rule that they never pointed out the absence of alcohol when Tony was involved. Ideally, they refrained from mentioning alcohol in Tony's presence at all.
"I agree with Jan," Clint said quickly. "We can talk about everything else later."
He did not in the slightest live up to the fantasies Steve had been guiltily trying to suppress - too thin, the small waist and gently rounded hips that ought have been part of a lush, hourglass figure accompanied instead by breasts small enough that they were barely visible under the oversized man's shirt that was clearly one of Tony's own.
"No," Sam said shortly, responding in kind. "There's no lift here; I'd need to climb something and jump to get airborne."
Tony let her talk, concentrating most of his attention on breathing slowly and not looking like he was in pain. This was more than just a pulled muscle. Something was wrong.
"Or mascara." Carol shook her head, and said, "But it's more trouble than it's worth to try and take a general aviation aircraft into New York these days. I could just fly in under my own power, but," she hefted the suitcase she was holding, "it would just look silly flying through the sky toting Samsonite. Plus, I’d be screwed if I dropped it."
Normally, she'd enjoy taking him out on the way in, but it could wait until she had the spear.  She'd have magic power of her own then, enough that his invulnerability and brutish strength would be no obstacle.
"Says you," Sam snorted. "How many fights with someone in brightly colored spandex did you get into while you were out running last week?"
"Yes," Wanda said slowly, still studying the glass as if the fizzy liquid inside it might solve her dilemma for her somehow, "but I think maybe that time with Jean Grey might. And Carol definitely counts." She hesitated, then drank and put the glass down empty.
"What if I can't handle it? What if I hurt someone again?"
Steve stared at the ceiling and tried not to think of all the things that might be going wrong with the Extremis in order to cause those headaches, or all the potential non-work-related reasons for why Tony hadn't come home yet or called.
He had the armor completely disassembled, the parts scattered across two work benches and a significant portion of the floor; the lab and work area tucked behind his office at the main Stark Industries plant was smaller than the one in the Avengers Mansion. Reversing the changes he'd made while female didn't actual require him to take apart the repulsor gauntlets and the jet boots, but there were a few improvements to both that he wanted to test out. As long as he was working on the armor anyway, he might as well do a complete overhaul.
Tony sagged back, defeated.  It wasn't fair; all he really wanted at the moment was to lean into Steve's side and close his eyes, or maybe just lay down, but he'd gotten used to not doing what he wanted  a long time ago.  "Fine.  I need you to send me all the data from the mansion's systems, and keep us" he jerked his head at Wanda, "updated on everything the rest of you are doing and anything you find out.  And I'm not staying here more than twenty-four hours, no matter what the doctors say."
Jan's sigh of relief was audible.  "Good.  When I woke up and he wasn't here, I thought maybe they'd taken him away already."  She didn't specify what she thought he'd been taken away for, but whatever it was, was unlikely to be good.
"—she has forfeited the right to my aid, and—"
Over the next few minutes, Tony over-balanced several times and failed to land at least two blows that he should have easily pulled off, growing more irritated each time. He might be learning to deal with his transformation in day to day life - mostly by ignoring it and acting as if everything were exactly as it had been, silently challenging everyone around him to do the same - but in a fight, he clearly fell back on old habits and familiar moves. That could be dangerous.
"There's a facebook group and a twitter hashtag dedicated to it, and sometimes people write NC-17-rated fiction about it." There was a pause just long enough for Jan to begin to seriously wonder how and why Tony knew this, and then he added, "Pepper emails it to me."
There were times when she understood completely why Cap and Thor liked hitting things so much.  Doombots weren't alive, couldn't feel pain. There was no need to hold back, or to worry about accidentally killing or hurting anyone.
"No," Carol snapped, glaring at the cars ahead of them. "Somebody needed to stop her. She's a menace. Look what she did to us, to Scott, to Vision, to her own brother. You don't come back from that kind of crazy. That's supervillain crazy"
Which was unlikely, since Hank already had an antidote, but the way Tony had been staring at Cap, somehow both horrified and hungry, as if he were both afraid to look at him and afraid to look away... It was just creepy, was all. Tony wasn't exactly one of Peter's favorite people anymore, but he wouldn't wish the kind of suffering he must be undergoing on anyone.
“You’ll be fine.”  The words spilled out automatically.  “It’s not that bad.”
"No. This is significantly worse than normal." It wasn't every day, after all, that a major figure in the business world was magically transformed into a member of the opposite sex. That kind of thing usually required extensive surgery and months spent at a private clinic in Sweden.
"You two standing clear?" Rhodey asked.
"You need to relearn the way your body moves," Steve said, blocking a kick from Tony and jabbing an elbow into his ribs, slightly less forcefully than he normally would have. "You can't just go on memory. Pay attention to how every move feels; if it's awkward to do, it's not going to work as well as it did before."
Hank flushed, staring at his feet, and Jan refused to let herself feel sorry for him. "I'm the one who took all the preliminary readings on Tony's condition, and performed all the scientific tests. I thought it would... I know more about the situation than anyone else except Wanda. I thought I ought to come. You know, just in case. I'm sure we'll fix this very quickly, and then we can leave again."
had taken control of her. Had it simply pulled the memories of those lessons from her mind and used them to create the false memories of studying English, of cooking together, talking together, all the little day-to-day interactions that living with another person was made up of?
He'd told himself before that the Extremis was a fair trade for having Steve back, when he'd thought the Mandarin's rings had burned it out of him, Tony thought, as he slotted the pieces of his armor carefully into place inside its briefcase. It still was. And he'd still be able to control the armor with it; that used it at a low enough level that the damage would be slight enough to heal as it occurred instead of snowballing into a feedback loop and triggering a migraine.
"Forever?"
Clint was going to be all right, at least.  He had two cracked ribs and one out-and-out broken one, and a back full of nasty bruises, but considering how hard Sin – Chthon? – had kicked him and how violently he’d hit the pavement, he’d been lucky.  They had given him a mild dose of painkillers, and when Steve had checked in on him, he’d been asleep.
"Alas not. However, I was able to convince some of Loki's allies in Asgard to divulge certain pieces of information about his plans to me, information sufficiently troubling that I felt it best to halt my search and return here to warn you." Thor turned back to Tony, expression grave. "Iron Man, you must be very careful. The spell placed on you was intended to do more than simply transform me into a woman. Loki's actions appeared spontaneous, but he had been planning this attack for some time."
Tony winced, memories he'd been trying to avoid rearing their heads again and bringing guilt with them. "I've apologized for that," he said, studying his shoes - how was he going to run in these, if something happened? Oh God, he wouldn't be able to bring his briefcase tonight, not in this outfit. Maybe it wasn't too late to back out - "I... he knows I screwed up, and why I screwed up. We're working things out." They
Tony shook his head. "You wouldn't have, but you're right. It would have been a bad idea. For all we know, having sex in this body could lock me into it permanently or something." He paused. "I've mentioned that I hate magic, right?"
Not warm enough, though, that he didn't notice that Tony was leading them in the direction of his lab instead of his bedroom, the library, or some other place suited to resting.
Tony had been pulling his punches. And he'd never changed the armor's override codes. Whether consciously or not, Tony's heart hadn't been in that fight. There were times when Steve wondered if he'd ever stop kicking himself for not sitting down to a reasonable discussion with Tony sooner; it would have spared all of them so much misery.
The last of the victims infected with the symbiote virus had just been sprayed with Hank's antidote and subdued when a fresh group of people climbed the steps out of the 59th Street subway station, several of them with shopping bags from earlier in the morning already in their hands.
Don's clothes were torn and stained with something dark, and his head hung forward limply, hair hanging in his face.  Behind him stood Doom himself, with one foot propped on Thor's discarded hammer.
"What vessel?" Wanda's hands were up in front of her, glowing with pink light, her fingers forming patterns in the air that looked an awful lot like one of Strange's invocations. "I won't let someone else become Chthon's puppet the way I did. No matter what I have to do to you in order to stop it."
The blood still smeared across his shield decided him.  Whatever Chthon or the spear had done to Sam and Wanda, it wasn’t physical, and it wasn’t going to kill them in the next few minutes.  It couldn’t.  Not when there wasn’t a mark on them.  Tony, on the other hand…
And then War Machine's bulky grey armor appeared in front of her. "Don't worry," he said. "Falcon's got her. And the cavalry's here."
“How could you not notice?”
"Foster brother," Thor corrected. "We are not related by blood. Nor by affection, any longer; not since he first revealed his treacherous nature and became kinslayer and outcast."
. "It used to be his." The paper was soft, worn, and when he opened it, the pages still smelled like mildew and the mothballs the Army had packed it in, during the long decades he had spent in the ice.
"That's not actually all that funny." Steve's voice was only mildly disapproving, making it obvious that his heart wasn't in the objection. "You shouldn't threaten supervillains with hypothetical prison assault."
The man reached forward, probably intending to take Tony's arm and steady him. "A little early in the evening to be into the champagne," he said, and Tony suddenly knew, with a deep, visceral knowledge that seemed to come from nowhere, that he didn't want this man to touch him.
Wanda climbed down off the lab table, brushing the wrinkles out of her skirt. "Do you need Tony's help for this, or can I borrow him for a while?"
"He thought that if we made Thor a body, his soul, essence, whatever gods have, would come back."  One of Hank's wrists twitched against its cuff, as if he'd forgotten that he was chained up.  "Something about gods existing as long as people still believe in them — this from the man who says he hates magic.  But if you were already wandering around somewhere, Thor's soul couldn't come back, because you were already using it, so we got..." he broke off for a moment, enthusiasm visibly draining away, then finished, lamely, "what we got."
"Little?" Hank started to grow, the size change surprisingly fluid considering that as far as Tony knew, he hadn't done this in over a year. "You're the one who's been running around calling himself Goliath, aren't you?" he snarled. "Let's see how you hold up against the real thing."
"Who hasn't?" Tony muttered. Half the agents he'd passed in the hallways had cast sidelong glances at him, and he was fairly sure that only some of them had been staring at him because he'd once been their commanding officer. Being the man who was either fucking or getting fucked by Captain America was
"Some kind of technological virus called the Extremis rewrote his entire body about six months ago," Cap told her. "And he's got part of his armor stored inside his bones. You said he's awake? Is he okay?"
"If this goes on too long, it's going to throw the team line-ups off balance," Steve pointed out, trying to bring the topic back to the matter at hand. "We're going to have to do something about that."
"Naw." He wrinkled his nose. "It's some kind of drug, not something lethal. Hey, they brought that rich businessman guy in. Wall Street, you know?"
"I doubt there's much dating fashion models left in my future anymore," Tony went on. His lips quirked. "Disappointingly few supermodels are into other women, and disappointingly few of the men I care about are into me." He fell silent, looking down at the floor, and ran a hand through his hair, turning it into a disheveled mess.
There was a wordless shout from Matt, and Strange half-turned to look back at him just as the man who had been praying so quietly in the side chapel slammed into him.
Behind Dr. Thomas, and slightly to his left, one of the museum's assistant curators was carefully cradling the hermetically sealed box that contained the John Dee manuscript. Wanda was hovering at her elbow, staring at the box as if she expected it explode. If he looked closely, Sam almost thought he could see light glowing through the thin material of her gloves.
“Washington’s not going to like that she was killed with superpowers,” Jan said, after a moment.  The CIA and half a dozen other government agencies would have fought SHIELD for custody of Sin if she’d been taken alive, with the other governments Sharon had mentioned putting in their bids.  Dead, she had considerably less value to the intelligence community, and dead at the hands of superhumans, she was a Friends of Humanity or Anti-Repeal martyr waiting to happen.
He took a deep breath, trying to nerve himself up. The thought of what he was about to do wasn't as frightening as he'd expected, though the circumstances could have been better.
"Don't get one, then. When you get lockjaw, it'll be quiet."
"That was a good move," Steve said softly, more to himself than to Sam or the building manager, and Sam was sure from the look in his eyes that he had assumed that their hacker was Tony.
"You're an attractive girl," Morgan went on. "Who'd have expected that, huh? If I didn't know who you were-"
. It had been one of Vision's favorite books, she remembered, with a pang. He'd loved film noir and pulp detective novels, anything with trench coats and fedoras and hardboiled private eyes.
"I didn't trip over my shield," Steve protested. "I've
Tony looked blank.
In their last few sparring matches, Tony had been hesitating, not taking the openings Steve had deliberately left him, not hitting with his full weight into the punches he threw. They'd only had the chance to work out together a few times since Tony's ribs and shoulder had healed, but Tony had hesitated every time, so Steve could tell it was a pattern. He wasn't sure Tony had even been aware of it, but Steve knew Tony's fighting abilities as well as he knew his own -- which wasn't surprising considering that he'd taught him -- and he could tell.
Steve flinched, his eyes returning to Tony's haunted face. Even though Tony hadn't hurt anyone, Steve was pretty sure he thought he had, and that was what mattered right now. "Tony doesn't handle guilt well," Steve admitted. He didn't handle things that weren't under his control well, either, which was probably connected. If Tony felt guilt over something, punished himself for it, made it his fault, then it meant that whatever it was had been caused by his own actions or failures, and was therefore still under his control.
Tony coughed faintly, then moaned, his eyes closing again.  “Hurts,” he whispered.  “Worse than being shot.  Ow.”
Jan ran a finger slowly around the rim of the ice cream carton, the waxed cardboard smooth and slightly sticky. After a moment of deliberate silence, she met Carol's eyes. "Whatever we have to."
"No," she said, firmly. She eyed the couch warily, and added, "I don't blame him. I don't like having that book in the house, Cap. We need Strange here as soon as possible."
The entire thing had taken less than ten-seconds, but it hadn't been quiet; Sin and her men would know they were there now.
"Whose turn is it now?" he said brightly.
The room was full of the sound of too many people speaking too loudly, all at once. Hank was apologizing to Jan for not getting back from wherever he'd stormed off to in time to help confront Loki. Wanda was protesting to Sam that she and Clint should have been told about Loki's arrival immediately, and that she couldn't help them if she didn't know what was going on. Clint was on the phone with the West Coast Avengers, filling Carol in. And Tony was making a thus far unsuccessful attempt to get Steve and Thor to see reason.
Some time later, he wasn't sure how long, Steve said, quietly, "I don't know what I would have done if your armor hadn't come off."
Hank ignored the newcomer; he was bent over a computer screen, typing furiously and muttering to himself. "Some kind of pheromone component, that's how they tweaked this to ensure the response would be fear and not something else... Pheromones are good, I can do pheromones, it's no different than talking to ants... Almost instantaneous onset, how did they do that?"
He was more useful to the team when he used his powers to their full extant, could do more good, could-
Tony had seemed better lately, too, now that his ribs had finally healed and the Extremis-induced nosebleeds had gone away. He'd been less tense, as well. Of course, nearly a week arguing with politicians and military officials had probably put paid to that, but Steve was confident that it would only take a few hours alone with Tony to get him to relax again.
"Just because I look like a woman doesn't mean I'm going to let you treat me like one," Tony went on. "Come on, let me keep at least a little masculine pride."
Several hours later, when he'd finally joined Tony in his hiding place in the lab after one too many phone calls from people who wanted to express either shock or sympathy, he still had no idea what he was going to say. The truth, he supposed. That he loved Tony. It had taken months before he'd been able to work up the nerve to tell Tony himself that. Telling the entire world ought to be even more intimidating, but oddly, it was the one aspect of this that he wasn't dreading.
"She's over three hundred years old, she taught me almost everything I know, and she has a magical link to Chthon."
Madigan shrugged. "That was part of his dream," he said, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. When your father was M.O.D.O.K., maybe it was.
"Mr. Stark," DeFalco corrected himself. "I have to say, this is significantly more progress than we expected to see at this stage in the project. Your people have been working on this for what, two months?"
He and Rhodey had already done the judgmental part, and the screaming at one another part, and the beating each other up part. And then the apologizing part.
Doom's spell from that damn book had to be read at the altar rail.  He'd given her a computer print-out of the words, written phonetically and with the stressed syllables bolded, as if she were a child or an idiot.  Being neither, it took Sin only a few minutes to read it out.
Tony threw himself between them, the knife skidding harmlessly across the front of his armor. The man he had just saved screamed, and started pounding on the armor with his fists.
"You're going to be all right," Cap told Tony, voice rough.
snake venom," Hank added, only a moment later. "The protein structure is distinctive. It's rattlesnake venom. A mix of Crotalus Horridus and-"
Tony, if anything, looked even more uneasy. "Strange didn't say that, exactly. He said he could only break through the dimensional barriers there, because a fragment of his essence is trapped inside the building. He didn't say he couldn't reach through and influence things in other places."
Steve staggered back a step, stunned not just by the force of the impact, but the fact that Tony had done it at all; he'd never been able to kick his foot directly upright as high as his head before. Steve had tried to teach him that move before, without any real success.
Don commented in the back of his head, sighing in dismayed confirmation at the sight of the faintly bluish tinge to Tony's fingernails. His lips were likewise bloodless, and while not bluish-tinted now, they could very well have been so when Thor had first entered. The blood from the nosebleed would have concealed it.
Steve pulled away from him, disentangling himself from Tony's arms and taking a step back. "This is the first time I'll be sleeping with you in this body," he said, shaking his head. "Your own body. Not that the other one wasn't yours, but- This time, we're going to do things right. The classy way that involves an actual bed instead of gym mats or your laboratory floor."
"I'm sorry," Hank blurted out, and then he was moving.
Nothing in the museum's collection was worth that much.
"It must be hard for you," Agatha said gently, laying a sympathetic hand over Wanda's. "And Stephen was your doctor before the twins were born, wasn't he?"
It was one of the reasons they hadn't realized how bad his drinking was; he'd never asked anyone for help, never mentioned how much stress he was under or how much pain he was in. He'd just carried the weight of his problems by himself until it had broken him.
Tony made no move to escape, not that he could have from this position given how much of a weight advantage Steve had. He was panting slightly; with his knee planted on Tony's chest, Steve could feel the motion of his ribs with every breath.
Sam ignored her.  He punched the man currently trying to shoot him in the face, then threw him as hard as he could toward one of his companions.  They both went crashing into a fallen Doombot and went down like dominos.  That left nine — no, eight.  Hank had just head-butted one of them with that fancy silver helmet of his, hard enough to knock him out cold.
His inbox wasn't empty - it was never empty - but nothing in it was important enough to actually need his attention. "And ran track," he went on, inanely. "Football metaphors aren't my forte, either."
Jarvis, on the other hand, was one of the best cooks Wanda had ever known. And, ever since the first time Beast had done a rotation on the team, he always kept twinkies in the freezer.
Jan grabbed 'him' by the shoulders and lifted him off the floor, then held him there, feet kicking uselessly. "I could get used to this." Her voice was crisp and clear over the intercom system – that part of the set up was in perfect working order. "It's kind of fun being the biggest person in the fight."
"I know." It wasn't technically true; he could still increase his size if it were truly an emergency, he'd just pay for it later. Increasing size diluted chemicals in the bloodstream, so he was supposed to avoid it, but only shrinking would actually be dangerous. "I think I did pretty well for someone without powers or weapons." Especially considering that it had been far too long since he'd done this.
"I think Doom already has a copy," Wanda said, waving politely to a cameraman. "I'm going to have to tell Strange about this. If anyone can come up with a list of possible buyers for it, it would be him."
'Disaster' actually summed it up pretty well, but you didn't use words like that when talking to banks or stockholders or potential buyers. Tony had been counting on the terrain exploring robots for the Tieri Mining contract forming one of the cornerstones of his attempt to rebuild SI's capital and prestige. SI's designs - his designs - had a much lower rate of failure
Steve looked away from her. "I wish I hadn't. It was easier to fight her when I could think of her as just another of Red Skull's flunkies, rather than one of his victims."
Wanda shrugged. "They might not have worked. Supernatural possession doesn't work the same way that brainwashing or telepathic mind control does."
This one connected. The candles spilled over onto the rug, flame whooshing around them like a tiny, soundless explosion, sparks catching and leaping to flame all over the carpet and the drapes. The chances of the heavy, dust-laden velvet catching fire were slim, but not with Wanda's power evening the odds.
Jan pulled the wool afghan Jarvis always left hanging over the back of the couch up higher over her shoulders. It was crocheted from red and blue wool, and was one of the few things that had survived the destruction of the Avengers mansion -- somehow, its presence made the living room feel familiar and lived-in, despite the lack of decoration on the walls.
"You don't want to do this, Agatha!" Steve called out, hefting his shield in preparation for throwing it. "Go home before our witch drops a house on you, and no one will have to get hurt."
"Are you okay?"
“Go ahead.”  Hank waved a hand at him.  “You probably understand it better than half the doctors here.  I don’t think they’ve ever treated mass-shifting-induced poisoning before.”
The first couple of days, he had just wanted to take medically unsound doses of ibuprofen and sleep, and had mostly just been relieved that Chthon was gone and they were all alive.  Now he was bored out of his skull.
"Me neither," Clint admitted. "Maybe he's just sulking." He shrugged. Then he turned to look at Tony, really seeing him for the first time. His eyes were open, fixed unwaveringly on Cap, so he had to be at least partially aware of what was going on. Jan had been, and she was a lot smaller than Tony, and hadn't had armor to protect her from the toxin.
Jack had gone through hell for hours every day to try and keep his powers under control, to avoid hurting anyone else – or destroying himself – with an accidental discharge of energy. Nothing Chthon could have done to him could have been crueler.
Steve closed his eyes and drew a deep breath in through his nose. "Tony, I- I don't want to just be one more round of casual sex for you, while you regain control over... something..."
She couldn't do this. There were too many people, too much noise, and everyone was so big, and--
"The chestplate warped where the robot hit me. The seals are shot." Tony shrugged, and reached up to flick wet hair out of his face. A drop of water landed on the floor below him.
"I've been keeping track of the news all day," Tony went on. "Nobody else has a clue what happened, either. If anyone at SHIELD does, they're being careful not to say so within reach of any electronic devices, and not to let anyone on the Helicarrier type the first syllable about it."
"I can fly back out on the quinjet if you need me," Hank said firmly.
"I was so angry at her," he said, trying to explain, but not sure he could, since he didn’t really understand it himself. "For what she did to us, for what she did to me. I wanted her to explain. She must have gone crazy; she couldn't have done all of that if she wasn't crazy. I thought maybe I could... I don't know. Somebody needed to help her."
Doom was not the only one with access to ancient grimoires. Her father had preferred more conventional — and reliable — means of gaining power, but had been wise enough to take advantage of magic when the opportunity arose.
The house at the end of the path didn't look any more familiar than the ones in town had, but Wanda found herself walking up to the door and lifting the latch. The door proved to be unlocked, swinging open easily at her touch.
Tony shrugged, grateful for the change of subject. "I cut the connections to the monitors and inserted an artificial looped datafeed in their place. They think I'm still asleep."
She picked the little girl up. Thankfully, instead of panicking further, the child clung to her, burying her face in Jan's neck, snuffling quietly. Her face was hot, and damp with tears.
Steve cleared his throat, feeling his face heat with embarrassment.
"If I'm doing this without powers, I expect you to do it unarmed," he told Clint a short while later, eying Clint's garishly purple compound bow.
The god of thunder did not meekly depart simply because he was bidden to.
Tony's face was pale, except for that obscenely bright smear of blood, and the scattered pieces of armor that littered the floor around him were bent and wrenched out of shape, as broken as their owner.
"Put on lots of sigils," Sam suggested.
The people who wanted to use her for their own purposes always sounded the same in the end. "I am Django Maximoff's daughter. Not yours. Not Magneto's."
Steve shivered under the touch, and found himself leaning forward and reaching for Tony before reason intervened. "We shouldn't do this," he said. "I said I didn't want to take advantage of you and I meant it."
Steve had spent the past twenty-four hours doing his level best to stay out of Tony's way. It wasn't exactly that he was avoiding him, it was just that... okay, he was avoiding him. Tony hadn't exactly made it difficult; he had spent most of the previous day hiding in either his room or the lab, presumably either running more tests on himself, or trying to run Stark Industries long-distance via the internet. The handful of times Steve had passed him in the hallway, he'd been wearing the armor, they way he had before the rest of them had learned his identity.
"You should have been keeping an eye on their guestbook," Sharon said.
"There is no purpose in this defiance, sorcerer."   It was deeper than Sin's voice, the sound buzzing in Tony's teeth and resonating in his bones despite the fact that the armor should have shielded him.   "Your will is no match for mine, and my power is greater than yours, even in this inferior vessel."
Agatha released Wanda and stepped back, smoothing her skirt. "I was in the neighborhood and thought I would see how my old student was doing. I've sensed an increase in ambient chaos energy in New York recently, and I wanted to make sure that it hadn't affected you."
Peter sniffled as tears instantly started to pour down his cheeks after Tony asked. “I-I don’t wanna go! I wanna stay with you!” He sobbed, fumbling forward into Tony’s arms.
“I see you then!
____________________________________________________________________________
“I’m going to school today! Daddy says that I’m a big boy for going and he pinky promised me that I get ice cream after school!” Peter rambled, not even noticing that Pepper was now wiping his face with a wet towel. “Really? That’s awesome, wow!” she replied, picking him up again and making her way to his room.
If this was how every morning went, Tony was in for a long school year.
Peter let out a giggle and waved back happily. “Bye Daddy!!” he giggled, hugging Tony’s legs tightly. “I love you!”
“Shh Daddy!! I’m tellin’ story!! So-So after lunch we went back to class and counted!! I counted up to 17!!” Peter exclaimed, shooting his arms up in the air for emphasis. Thank god Tony was holding him tightly; with how much moving around he was doing, it would’ve only been a matter of time before he fell from his arms or hurt himself.
Peter let out an excited squeal, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck and giving him a tight hug. Steve sat shocked for a minute before lightly hugging back - he really wasn’t supposed to hug kids at all but he didn’t want to hurt Peter’s feelings by not hugging back at all. Peter let go and ran off to grab his backpack from his cubby as other kids started to leave once they saw their parents. There was a light knock on against the door frame, causing Peter to look up. At that exact moment, a huge smile broke out on his face. “Daddy!!”
Peter giggled as he took red construction paper, cutting it roughly into the shape of a butterfly. Then he cut out little circles from the gold-ish yellow color. He started glueing the circles onto the butterfly with a happy smile, planning to give it to Tony since they were his favorite colors.
“Excuse me, we were doing fine until you showed up Pepper,” Rhodey shot back. “Uh huh,” she called in response as she shut the bathroom door. “Alright Petey, let’s get you all clean!” she hummed, setting him on the bathroom counter before wetting a towel.
Chapter 1:
Tony chuckled as he entered the room, plopping down on the opposite side of the couch that Rhodey was sitting on so that Peter was between them. “Gosh Rhodes, don’t you know anything about Paw Patrol? Jeez,” he teased, rolling his eyes. “Uncle Rhodey’s gonna have to catch up, right Pete?”
“Mhm!! We colored a picture of a rainbow. I colored it good Daddy!! And then Mr. Rogers took us to gym class!  I met Coach Barton. He has a boo-boo on his nose, but he said he’s okay. We played silly games too!! Then we went back to class and we learned the ABCs. I only remember up to G though…”
“Good job bug!! I’m so proud of you,” Tony praised with a hum, pressing a kiss to Peter’s forehead before walking around the car and getting in on his side. “Alright Hap, ice cream time!!”
____________________________________________________________________________
“Let’s go make breakfast buddy, alright? We can make french toast, waffles, pancakes… whatever you want,” Tony hummed as he stood back up. Peter took that as an invitation to jump up into Tony’s arms, who caught him with a grunt. “You’re getting too heavy for Daddy big man. Soon I won’t be able to carry you!” he teased.
15 minutes later, when he had finished the story, Peter’s eyes were halfway shut, sleep tugging on him. Tony’s heart melted at the sight and he slowly moved out of the bed, rearranging Peter to be comfortably lying in his bed. As he went to leave the room, he heard Peter’s faint voice.
Steve turned back to the classroom after Tony left. “Alright class! Let’s start off today with some arts and crafts. We’re going to make butterflies for your parents!” Steve explained to everybody with a wide smile. He handed out pieces of construction paper, safety scissors, glue, and markers. “Be creative as you want!” he added encouragingly.
“Oh, he was just an absolute peach! Peter had a great time today and gets along well with other kids,” Steve said with a smile. “I can tell that he fits right in,” he added reassuringly.
“Is this Mr. Stark? It’s Steve, Peter’s teacher,” a familiar voice came through.
Once they were home, Tony made Peter some mac-n-cheese and got him a warm bubble bath. Then he got him into a soft onesie and was setting him down for bed. “Okay baby, what do you wanna read?” Tony asked, walking to the bookcase.
“Alright guys! I’m Coach Barton! We’re gonna have a fun time in the gym today, what do you guys say?” Clint said with an upbeat voice.
“Bye Daddy!! I see you later!!”
Tony gasped in mock offense. “What? Old?! That’s a little harsh.”
“Ah, well I just got a little hit when I was playing basketball the other day Pete. No worries!”
____________________________________________________________________________
Chapter 2:
Peter gasped in awe. “No way!! Those are awesome ideas!!”
“They’re great Tony, thank you. I’m loving the new AC down on the parts,” Rhodey replied with a laugh. “Is squirt ready for his first day of school?”
Peter instantly nodded his head, his curls flopping everywhere as he did so. “Yes!! Yes please! I gotta see Ned a-and MJ and Harry!! Can we have a playdate? I told them we could have a playdate!” Peter rambled.
Tony smiled to himself when he heard Steve’s voice. “Steve! I wasn’t expecting you to call so late. What’s up?”
Steve looked up instantly, running over to Peter and the group of kids that had gathered around. “Pete? Hey buddy, you okay?” he asked softly
“Swings I think. She mentioned something about a book she wanted to read,” his friend replied with a shrug.
“Y-You say not to,” his son replied quietly, climbing down from the stool and looking down at his feet.
“That’s right angel! Let’s get ice cream. You still want ice cream? We’ll get ice cream, it’s decided,” Tony answered with a smile. He felt awful for having to yell at Peter; hopefully ice cream could make up for it. “What are you thinking? Chocolate? Vanilla?”
“Hey buddy, you’re alright, you’re okay,” Steve comforted softly. “You’re Daddy is gonna be here soon alright? Real soon.”
Tony rolled his eyes halfheartedly. “Uh huh… anything to distract my kid from getting ready for school,” he joked. As they bantered, Peter ran into the room having heard Pepper’s voice. “Auntie Pep!!” he squealed as he ran into her legs, hugging her tightly.
Tony had gotten a call from the school and was instantly in the car with Happy at the wheel; he would’ve driven himself, but he knew Peter would want him to sit with him in the back and he couldn’t do that if he had to drive too.
“Rainbow? Hm I think that flavor is more for you than me baby. Anything else?”
“I was just wondering how Pete was doing. Is he feeling any better?” Steve asked, concern laced in his voice.
“I’ll see you then too buddy. Now go join your group!” Tony encouraged with a smile. With that, Peter ran off to the room. Tony sighed softly and stood back up, his eyes a little tearful. God help him the day Peter went off to college… oh how he’ll dread that day.
“Woah squirt, slow down! You almost killed your old man,” Rhodey teased as he picked Peter up, winking at Tony. Peter was already past the tripping experience, wriggling in Rhodey’s arms in an attempt to get closer to his snacks. Unfortunately for him, Tony had rushed over and was frantically packing the lunch bag into his backpack after Pepper had reminded him that it was already 8:45 - they were 15 minutes behind schedule.
“Ant! Ant too!!” shouted a girl named Betty with long blonde hair.
20 minutes later and Peter was sitting in his seat with an enormous pile of waffles in front of him. He was busy trying to fill in every square with syrup as Tony and Rhodey drank their coffee back in the kitchen. “Pep said she’d come by before I took him to school. You know her, she’ll show up 10 minutes before we have to leave and Peter will get distracted trying to show her all his toys and we’ll end up being late. Happens every time,” Tony chuckled. As if right on time, the elevator bell dinged and the sound of Louis Vuitton heels rang throughout the penthouse.
Peter beamed happily and jumped up and down. The idea of school suddenly seemed to be amazing, mainly since Tony had promised him he’d be okay. His Daddy would never make a promise that he couldn’t keep - especially if it was a pinky promise.
And with that, he was walking back to his car with his son, his heart beating a little faster than any other time he had seen the teacher.
“What? No, I’m not playing soccer anyways,” Flash scoffed back with an eye roll.
“Yeah!! Rocket ship!!”
“Oh don’t worry about that Petey. It was just the school bell! Do you know what that means?” Steve replied with a comforting tone. Peter frowned and shook his head with a confused expression. “It means your Dad is here!!”
“I want my daddy!” the boy repeated through his sobs.
Peter nodded as he stood up. “Yeah! Flash probably just didn’t see me,” he shrugged. Without any worries, he slid down the slide with Ned right behind him. “Ned, wanna play soccer?” he asked, spotting a soccerball about 10 feet away on the grass.
A tall blonde teacher was over in the corner, helping a ruly boy get settled in his seat. The teacher looked over when he heard the door open and a million dollar smile spread across his face as he saw the man with a black goatee and a little boy with curly brown hair. He walked over to greet the two.
“No, I’m not giving it to you. I found it first, finders keepers!”
Peter giggled. “I can’t!! I can’t get it!” he giggled back happily.
“I’m gonna be a spaceman Daddy,” Peter said confidently.
“Roger that, Boss,” Happy replied, turning direction to head back to the tower. Tony smiled, looking over at Peter again. He let out a soft sigh of relief, glad that today went smoothly.
“I like dogs - they’re just super loyal and fluffy and awesome!” Ned shared. “What about you MJ?”
He sat up with a yawn before looking around. His curtains were drawn shut, but light was still peeking through so it must not have been too late in the afternoon. Peter frowned softly and sat up. “Daddy?” he called softly, curious as to where his dad was. When he didn’t get a reply, he crawled out of bed to go find him. Peter made his way out into the hallway, dragging his comforter behind him. “Daddy?” he said again a little louder this time. Frowning more, he got into the elevator. He stood on his tippy toes and pressed the button that he knew went down to Tony’s workshop; he wasn’t supposed to be down there by himself, but if he was meeting Tony, it was allowed… right?
