Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“Sherlock, please! I know we talked about how there won’t be any true justice for what he did to you- to us, but the more charges he has the longer he will be locked up and we can live our lives feeling a little bit safer than we have been.” Emily pleaded, but Sherlock remained silent.
"Alright, pub tonight?"
“You’re bri-” John started.
The moment John started pressing kisses to his bare skin Sherlock put down his book and pulled John up to kiss him properly.
“Obviously,” Sherlock shot back “I took dozens of DNA swabs from inside an outside of Emily’s apartment. Everything appeared normal except for one thing. Guano, bat feces, showed up on one of the slides I examined. At first, I thought it was just a small lead, definitely the most interesting slide I collected, that was until Victor came over her to drop off that file. A lump of dirt must have fallen off one of his shoes and I just happened to think to look at it under my microscope, and it showed the same type of bat feces and sediment as the one I collected from the spot outside of the apartment that Emily was taken from.” Sherlock was speaking very quickly; the doctor and inspector were hanging on his every word. “I need to go back to Emily’s apartment tonight to make sure I am 100% correct. Victor has been all too cooperative on this case wouldn’t you say? Sure you can play it off that he’s concerned about his sister and wants to do all that he can but what if he is keeping himself overly involved in order to throw us off his track, to put doubt in our minds even if we came to this conclusion.” Sherlock finished and Lestrade looked like he was about to refute what the detective had just said, but John spoke up before he got the chance, “even you have to admit ,Lestrade, he spends an awful lot of time with you, with us, around the Yard. You’ve worked with hundreds of missing person cases and I’m sure some family members want to be involved more than others, but have you really ever encountered someone so persistent about being this close to the investigation.”
Keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
" only if you're absolutely sure and won't push yourself past your limit. Baby you have done so well tonight." He said squatting to kiss his boyfriend.
Sherlock tenses, knowing Lestrade is right. John pipes up, “why can’t you just detain him for a few days, until we find Emily and get her to confess.” Sherlock shot John an icy glare, “no. He’s liable to start saying anything if we lock him up and I’m too close to cracking this case for him to screw it up.” John nodded his head in understanding of what Sherlock meant. He knew if Victor felt threatened he would sing like a lark to anyone who would listen about his and Sherlock’s past. John’s moral code gave him an internal confliction. He knew the correct thing to do by law was to lock Victor up so that he was unable to interfere any further with the case, but he also knew what was right by his boyfriend and to help spare his heart being in emotional turmoil- he sided in favor of Sherlock.
John went to step closer but Sherlock stepped back, " Sherlock he didn't mean to, he didn't know? Why is this upsetting you so much?"
" God Sherlock, and you actually wonder why you don't have friends or people that actually enjoy being around you. You're a freak! You have been since the moment I met you!"
"Ow, Sherlock let go." John said, trying to shake the mans hand off.
"He is asking for you"
They got there and Sherlock was rushed through the halls with John on the paramedics heals, but a door was slammed in his face and he knew he had to stay out.
When Sherlock finished getting ready John had already drug their luggage to the front room and was finding breakfast to eat in the cab. “Do you want a granola bar or a breakfast sandwich?” John asked, not looking at Sherlock.
When the doctor walked past the police tape Sally was the first to greet him.
"Why not? Your always eager to get a case"
Sherlock put his phone back on the nightstand, “Lestrade will be by soon to talk about the case. Once we figure out where Emily is located, we need to act fast.” John nodded in agreement. “John, I need to get up. We both do, really,” Sherlock said, bending down to give the doctor a small peck on the lips. John groaned and rolled off of Sherlock’s lap, “fine, I’ll be down in a bit. I need to call a few of my patients and check up on them.”
Victor’s pupils went wide, “what?! Greg you’ve been with me almost every day, there’s no way…i..”
"John"
" I'm ashamed."
"Nothing, can't I be in a good mood"
“is it about your case?” he asked sharply.
“no, I can’t take this to Lestrade. It deals with Emily Trevor’s case and he’s too involved to deal with this one as well.” Sherlock adjusted his posture.
"Sherlock" John had that 'I mean business' look in his eye "you had one bite of an apple slice."
"Sure, my wife and I are off again so I could use something to do"
"Doctor Watson?" His assistant Janice said coming through the door
"Shut up"
"Nothing" Sherlock was calm, unlike a few moments ago.
Sherlock’s lips kept moving but it was as if a nuclear bomb had gone off in Greg’s mind, all he could hear was ringing. He remember Victor telling him about the custom made toy that had made Greg squirm with second hand pain. Surly it couldn’t have been the same toy, surly it couldn’t have been Sherlock it was used on.
"Where are you going?"
Sherlock nodded and smiled softly, “mhmm, I swabbed all of Emily’s shoes and have been testing them for the same sediment found on Victor’s and the sidewalk- none of them are a match. He’s taken her somewhere only he had been before the kidnapping. There’s also an abnormally large amount of calcium mixed into these samples.”
"Alright, how are you?" John said shaking Mycroft’s hand.
When morning came there was a text from Lestrade waiting on Sherlocks phone. Apparently there had been a reported disappearance, and since the workers in the Yard can't seem to do their job, he was needed.
The judge nodded, “ of what? And your parents, they never knew?”
“Victor stopped apologizing for anything after that- not that an apology would have fixed anything- nothing seemed off limits to him anymore. Especially when we were left alone. We lived together the two years we were at university together. He manipulated my mind as much as he did my body. Weeks of comments about my weight let to him making me a proposition, every half stone I would lose he would reward me. It was always nonconsensual sex, or acting out some depraved and perverted game he had invented. But I did it because I believed him that my body was repulsive and that I was lucky that he wanted me. I believed him wholeheartedly when he said no one but him would ever be able to stand being around me, certainly not want to be romantically. I tried to placate him, too scared to be alone forever.” Sherlock detested the pain he felt within him as he recalled those heart wrenching emotions. “I was starving to please him, only for him to reward me with more pain. Before long the pain turned to numbness and I turned to cutting myself and drugs, but that’s not what we’re here to talk about.”
" that's not the point."
“yeah we know. Not from the explosion, but this is Emily Trevor she’s been missing for almost two weeks, kidnapped, from London. She needs to be examined.” Sherlock told the young man, who had taken Emily by the arm and was leading them down the tunnel he came from.
The judge hit her mallet to the table once more as the crowd began to whisper, “continue Ms. Trevor.”
" he's had a bit of a panic attack but he's alright. I've just been looking after him." She said placing a hand on the good doctors back and leading him into the living room. Sherlock was still laying on the couch, he was awake but groggy from his nap. John crouched down beside him, " hey, are you alright?" He asked, reaching to cup Sherlock’s face before stopping himself. Sherlock took note of the action and inwardly scowled. " I'm fine, why are you home?" He questioned.
After an hour John felt guilty for yelling at Sherlock. He walked to the door and knocked. No answer. He opened and saw Sherlocks small frame on the bed.
" no, I mean it. I really like you but this made me realize I'm done trying to hide my feelings."
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Whispers began once more in the courtroom, but one voice stood out amongst the chatter. Lestrade called out, “wait, what!” catching John’s’ attention. The former army doctor looked in the direction of his friend in sympathy, he didn’t know half of what was coming. The courtroom was quieted once more.
They both giggled and helped the other clean up the dishes before retreating to the couch. They originally planned to watch Americas most wanted but Sherlock had something else on his mind, and that something else was John. Within the  first 10 minutes of the show Sherlock started pressing kisses to John neck and cheek before turning him around and laying him on the couch. Sherlock was absolutely leaving no piece of his neck un-kissed. John couldn't help but let out a moan and a couple breathily whimpers. John was perfectly fine with this until Sherlock started trying to remove his jumper.
Sherlock’s heart still fluttered at the use of the pet name during a moment like this. He held his breath as his orgasm built and felt John coming inside of him as the quick thrusts continued and his own wasn’t far behind. As he came he let out a breath and pressed his chest to John’s, burying his head in the nape of John’s neck, muffling the cries of his extasy against the doctors shoulder.
"Wednesday" Sherlock replied. Johns mind began to spin. Today was Saturday.
Sherlock immediately began working when he got to the lab, keeping a data sheet of everything he was discovering on the samples. It was hard to focus with Victor to his right, staring directly at him and John to his left staring directly at Victor who was lucky that looks couldn’t kill. Molly entered the lab, thankfully breaking off the unspoken staring contest that was happening. “John, I’ve got a body downstairs that I’m working on and was wondering if you could please give me a second opinion.” Molly asked as sweetly as she did everything. “Ah, yeah I can on our way out, we shouldn’t be too long.” He said, trying to avoid leaving Sherlock’s side. “oh, um, well actually I need to finish this up pretty quickly, I’m a bit behind today on clients. Could you come now, it won’t take long.” Molly pleaded and John hesitated, “go.” Sherlock said firmly. John gave him a sharp glance and looked at Victor who seemed to not have taken his concentration off of Sherlock. John got up from the lab stool and walked slowly towards Molly, he turned back towards the two men at the counter, “Victor, how would you like to see a morgue?” John said with attempted enthusiasm, hoping Victor would be intrigued enough to follow him and Molly. Victor turned to look in his direction, “Oh no thanks, if I’m looking at a body I like for it to be at least partially alive.” He spoke in a near sinister tone that sent chills up John’s back and made Sherlock stop for a moment before Victor tried to laugh and play it off. “right.” John said and turned to walk away with Molly.
Keep up with me on twitter! @OhHeyyItsAnna
"Promise me a few other things to yeah?" John looked at him while eating some yogurt Sherlock made a sound of agreement and John proceeded, " okay number one, don't do anything that would hurt you. Number 2 eat something this morning, doesn't have to be much, just something and keep it down. Number 3 if you need help doing something please ask ms.Hudson. Number 4 text me at lunch to let me know your alright."
Sherlock’s eyes were dilated, unknown if it was from the slow darkening of the room or complete infatuation for his lover. He watched with focus as John reached down to unzip his jeans and pull himself from his flies. He hoisted Sherlock’s legs over his shoulders, leaning very ungracefully to grab the lube from the nightstand table and beginning to open his boyfriend with his fingers, a little rougher than usual. Sherlock felt John’s fingers scissoring within him, occasionally touching over his prostate, making his whole body tense.
"Hey freak" Donovan said from behind them
Sherlock mumbled something incoherent
"So yes?"
"I'm fine to walk, you?"
"Fine. My stomach has been upset because of that so called hospital coffee. Can we just cave popcorn and maybe fruit?"
AUTHORS NOTE
*SMUT WARNING*
"What's wrong with him?"
"Okay, I won't leave. Promise."  Sherlock said bringing up John's hand from the arm that was around him to kiss it.
“Emily, its okay. I’m here to help you. I’m not going to hurt you. I promise.” Sherlock approached her cautiously. As her piercing green eyes adjusted to the light, she finally looked up at him, tears streaming down her face as she let out hoarse choked sobs. Sherlock set the flashlight down on its end so that the light shown up towards the ceiling, illuminating the small cavern. Sherlock knelt down beside her and held her gaze. There was so much pain and fear in her eyes, the same eyes that once held only compassion and carefree wonder were now reminiscent of his own eyes when he was with Victor.
Sherlock wrapped his right arm around john and pulled him close. "Please don't do this."
TLDR: Summary
The doctors heart sunk, but he tried to keep the smile on his face." Alright. Erm, sorry I'll be in the living room."
Also, I know I reply to just about every comment- but I truly want to thank everyone who has commented such sweet things on this story. your words never fall on deaf ears and it genuinely makes me so happy and even more inspired to continue writing.
"Don't hate yourself for it. You look even more handsome than you did when we started dating"
Emily’s eyes darted in the direction of where John stood and a smile crept across her face, “Sherlock…are you going to introduce us?” she asked teasingly. “oh right” Sherlock spoke in a mildly surprised tone, “um John this is Emily” he said as he extended his hand asking John to walk closer “ Emily, this is John- my boyfriend.” John couldn’t hide the smile that formed when he heard Sherlock introduce him like that for the first time. Emily held out her hand and shook John’s politely, “ Sherlock talked about you quite a bit during our little journey.” Emily said fondly. “ oh, only good things I hope.” John replied and Emily nodded. “Sherlock, would you mind going down to the cafeteria and grabbing me a sandwich and maybe something to drink? Im still pretty hungry.” Emily asked as she set her empty pudding aside.
In the safety of his room Sherlock stripped down to nothing but his pants and looked in the mirror. To anyone else they would have seen every rib, a concave stomach, hip bones that were very visible, and legs that looked so small you would think they would break at slight pressure. But that's not what Sherlock saw, he saw an imperfect and flawed body. He stood there pulling at the skin on his stomach and thinking it was fat and holding his thighs to see it they still shook. He stepped onto the scale and let out a deep sigh, 8 stone (112 lbs) hurt and disappointment washed over his face and his eyes brimmed with tears.
“yes.”
John nodded, “ it makes me nervous if I don’t ask you.” He confessed
“should I call out for her?” Sherlock asked quietly.
Bradshaw’s door was open, revealing him crouched over his desk, his suit beginning to wrinkle already from the position. Sherlock and sergeant Bradshaw had very few interactions with one another, but the ones they shared were pleasant and mostly included the sergeant thanking Sherlock for his assistance in cases.
"Now he booked me, told me specifically not to let you talk me out of leaving, and to help you. Please sit down mr.Holmes."
The kiss started off gentle but soon became passionate. John ran his tongue over sherlocks bottom lip and Sherlock let him in. Their tongues passed sweetly over one another. Sherlock started to unbutton John's shirt and john did the same to him. They were left in their boxers when John felt Sherlock tense up. He found the best way to help Sherlock when things got like this was a lot of praise and reassuring him everything was fine.
“We are about to find out.” Sherlock said in an almost sing song tone that made John lift his eyebrow and smile. He walked over to Sherlock, abandoning his tea.
Sherlock placed his hands gently on John’s’ shoulders and turned him so that his back aligned with the detective’s front. Sherlock replayed the favor, washing the short silver blonde hair and running the soapy cloth over John’s lightly tanned skin. He bent down slightly and begin trailing kisses along John’s neck. The doctor couldn’t help but notice Sherlock’s breathing seemed heavier than normal but chose to ignore it until the detective let out a choked sob against the nape of his neck.
John dismissed the apology and took his stuff back upstairs.
“ I’m just not interested, but if I must cooperate then it is what it is.” Sherlock lied and stood up, turning to walk out of the door but Lestrade was hot on his heels. “we still need to talk about your part in this case. The victims brother was the last to see her and I want you and i to sit down and interview him.”
"Sherlock, you are absolutely brilliant." John said smiling
Oh hey...how y'all doin??? YOU GUYS ARE SO SWEET! I seriously can't thank you enough for being so kind to me and allowing me to have this time off. My mental state, while far from perfect, is in a much better place than it was a month ago. I wanted to surprise you all with this little smutty update that I think (and really hope) you will like! I will be replying soon to each of your individual comments as well <3 please feel free to share how you are doing (how is life or school?) or anything else you feel like sharing, i'd love to hear from you!
“but your honor, its relevant to-“
“I did, I wanted not to be involved. When I got there Lestrade told me I had to be because I knew too much already. John I have two options and only two options. I either take this case and work with Lestrade to solve it, or I will no longer be allowed to be in contact with or contacted by any law enforcement for work, I won’t be allowed to take any cases even as a private or consulting detective and they can and will press a heaping amount of legal charges on me for being involved and then deciding to no longer work on the case. I cannot lose my life’s work john, I won’t be able to live if I have no crimes to solve.” Sherlock took a deep breath in and looked into johns’ eyes that were littered with traces of anxiety and fear. “I told Lestrade id take the case…”
“so many times, and in so many ways.” Sherlock was about to continue when he heard the sounds of sirens. Emily was still clinging to his arm, he reached to grab her hand and they began moving quicker, following the sounds. They ended in a large open room, one with the walls were made of bones and skulls. They were both breathing hard and tired.
I hope you all are enjoying these chapters, please comment with any feedback or questions you may have- i am always happy yo talk with you guys! Stay healthy and safe! Lots of love <3
Emily’s face scrunched up in anger as she stood from her seat, “your honor, that’s a blatant lie!” she said aggressively.
"Fine"
John laughed fondly "okay"
"Why?" sherlock asked, hurt and confusion evident in his voice.
“you can if you want, but I would advise against it. Gangs like to meet down here sometimes; we wouldn’t want to draw their attention or send them looking after her.” Billy replied.
"John you probably know this, but I'm new to this whole relationship thing and I don't know how it's supposed to work, what I'm supposed to do, or really anything about it. I'm sorry if I screw it all up" he was rambling but was sincere.
"Please?" John asked one final time.
Upon arrive home sherlock headed to the bathroom.
(See the end of the chapter for
"SHERLOCK!"
"'S fine"
John let his hand that was resting on Sherlock’s waist gently caress the detectives back. He took his smartphone off the bedside table and squinted at the bright light it emitted. He cracked a smile at his recently changed lock screen photo, it was the one the couple took yesterday of him kissing Sherlock’s cheek in the yard of the Eiffel tower. Sherlock complained about John choosing that picture to be on display, but never directly asked him to change it. He looked through a few of his social medias before swiping to his news app. The cover article read “Sherlock Holmes finds missing London medical student in Paris catacombs!” John quickly skimmed the page but it told him nothing he didn’t already know. As he swiped through the news site nearly all the recent publishing’s were about the man wrapped around him. John smiled to himself with pride to be in love with the ‘hero of London’ but Sherlock being a hero was nothing new to him, he had been John’s for a long time.
" 's not me, the victims brother wanted to speak to you."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Brilliant John you should take over my job."
So...Surprise! I really didn't intend to upload a chapter until next week but i have felt so inspired by your alls sweet comments and reading my story! plus writing for you all is much more fun than writing my final papers haha. Please leave any feedback you feel inclined to! Stay safe and healthy, lots of love <3
John jolted at the sudden and unexpected touch, “Jesus, Sherlock you scared me.” he said before tilting his head giving his flatmate more access to his neck. “ ‘m sorry” Sherlock mumbled between kisses. John turned around and kissed him deeply before noticing that his hard cock was now pressed between their bodies. “I’m sorry, Sherlock, I came in here to deal with this so that when you woke up you wouldn’t fee…” John rambled and Sherlock cut him off with a quick kiss. “it’s fine, I know. But… I’m fine and came in here to help you out with it” Sherlock said teasingly as he dropped to his knees, causing John to let out a near pornographic groan. Sherlock took the tip of John’s cock into his mouth, running his tongue over the slit and licking the glands. John ran his fingers through Sherlocks quickly dampening curls and felt the detective smile around his length. Whether or not Sherlock would admit it he loved when John played with his hair and the fact that he did it even during moments like this was an encouragement in itself to help Sherlock learn to enjoy physical intimacy again. Sherlock continued to take more and more of John into his mouth, expertly using his tongue and suction, causing John to make the most beautiful sounds. Sherlock was slowly running his hands up and down Johns’ thighs when he felt the older man begin to tense up, “Sherlock, I’m gonna cum soon.” Sherlock paid very little attention and continued bobbing his head on Johns’ cock. “Sh-Sherlock, if you don’t want me to cum in your mouth you need to stop… like now,” John warned but Sherlock just kept going. John tried to back away incase Sherlock just hadn’t heard him over the spray of the shower, but Sherlock kept a firm grip on Johns’ hips before placing his hands on John’s ass and pulling him towards him causing John to bottom out in Sherlocks mouth and throat. John couldn’t hold back any longer, “Oh my god, fuck, Sherlock yes, mmm” his body shook as he rode out his orgasm, shooting thick hot ropes of cum down Sherlocks throat. When he finished Sherlock released his hold on him and let him step away. John was panting and had propped himself up against the wall of the shower. He looked down at Sherlock still on his knees in front of him and John smiled lovingly at him, “that was incredible…” John said in what appeared to be disbelief that the event had just occurred. Sherlock smirked and moved forward just a little bit to make sure John was looking at him, he stuck his tongue out and revealed some of Johns cum, making sure John saw it before swallowing it and licking his lips. “Oh my god.” John moaned a new pit of arousal forming within him. He leaned down and helped Sherlock up before quickly pulling him in to a deep, passion filled kiss. “that was obscene” he growled as he bit Sherlocks bottom lip. The taller man couldn’t help but smile by how aroused John was and that all of it was because of him. John shut off the shower water and stepped out of the tub, picking Sherlock up bridal style causing him to let out a small squeak, before carrying him to his bedroom and throwing him on the bed. Sherlock laughed a little, and John crawled on top of him, both men still completely nude and soaking wet. John kissed Sherlock and mumbled something incoherent into his skin as he began to kiss down his lovers long slender body. John took extra time to circle Sherlocks nipples with his tongue and suck on them lightly. John had kissed and licked all the way down to Sherlocks V line before the detective started to tense up. “John…” Sherlock said quietly with the faint sound of warning in his voice. But John didn’t hear him and kept creeping lower and lower towards Sherlocks still flaccid cock. “John, please no.” Sherlock said a little louder as he slowly brought one of his knees up preventing John from being able to be close to him.
"Yes, maybe you should consider trying to be decent enough to engauage in a relationship."
" Sherlock I can see every bone in your body." John said, his tone rising.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"We can go as far as your comfortable with and yes I will help you."
“yes, well- no- kind of. I don’t want him to know John and I are there but if his new found love interest invites him to Paris on a little getaway and keeps him out of my way, things will be significantly easier for us. Take him around the city, out to dinner all those terribly mundane things you goldfish seem to enjoy, whatever you have to do to keep him distracted and out of my way for a day or so.” Sherlock spoke very matter of fact but was secretly concerned it wouldn’t be that simple. Greg rubbed his hand over his face and nodded in agreement, “yeah, alright. I’ll tell him tomorrow.”  John and Sherlock both stood and walked Greg down the stairs, “John and I will get on a plane to Paris tomorrow morning, give me at least 24 hours in the city to sort out a few things before you all fly in.” Lestrade nodded once more and they said their goodnights.
"Sherlock."
John grabbed the slick from the nightstand and adjusted their positions so that he could finger Sherlock open. He didn’t ask or warn before he added another digit, the reaffirming sounds coming from the taller man said enough about how he was feeling. John placed one last kiss to the back of Sherlock’s shoulder before withdrawing his fingers and laying on his back, “ready?” Sherlock nodded and waited eagerly to feel the stretch of John breeching him. But after several seconds too many without John’s touch Sherlock looked behind him in confusion, “why did you stop?”
"No you didn't, you saw my brother. Why?" Sherlock shot back.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
John and Greg shared a confused look. “John, tell me I’m brilliant.”
Mycroft’s helicopter was landed in the field and ready for takeoff. John and the eldest Holmes climbed aboard and began the hour flight to Sherrinford, a maximum security island that Mycroft arranged for Victor to be sent to serve his sentence at. They landed on the beach and through several security measures before John looked at the security camera that was monitoring Victor’s cell. His lip snarled as an involuntary reaction to the sight of the abuser. He looked at Mycroft, “You know what to say if you need assistance?”
"Okay, let me know if you need something."
" yes" another kiss to Johns neck
"Yes."
“Then do only what you must for the case. Don’t get too involved with him.” Sherlock threw the dying cigarette to the ground and stomped out the ember. He looked up towards their flat and saw John’s figure stood in the window, shamelessly watching the two of them from above. “Right. Thanks, I suppose.” Greg said awkwardly as he extended his hand to the darker haired man and Sherlock shook it with a nervous smile, “see you after we find Emily.” Sherlock began walking towards the door but then he turned back, “oh, Greg. I need you to do me a favor…The night I go looking for Emily, I’m not taking John with me. I need you to reason with him and keep him from going after me. “ They both nodded in understanding and the DI pulled away.
“you touched me”
When he finished drying and dressing him he laid down next to him and ran his fingers through Sherlocks hair.
“are you okay?” Sherlock’s rich voice filled Johns ears. He smiled slightly at the irony of Sherlock being the one to ask him that question.
“you too, John.”
A series of moans and "oh god's" and "fuck yes" came from the wall. Johns mouth quirked into a smile and he chuckled lowly as did Sherlock, until a scream was heard and he flinched.
“ the continuation of the Holmes vs Trevor case is called order. Mr. Sherlock Holmes please take the stand.”
"Because you ate enough to at least keep you halfway healthy!" John all but yelled in frustration.
John pulled him down into a kiss, “and I you.”
“the bare minimum, but he knows the bare minimum about a lot!” Sherlock was getting worked up. John placed a firm hand on his shoulder, “come with me to the loo?”  Sherlock huffed but followed him anyway.
AUTHORS NOTE
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
Anna xx
Victor stepped forward, “I plead not guilty.”
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“what are the charges you want to file for and who are they against? No one in the department I hope.” The sergeant was clearly uncomfortable with the tension in the room. The normally narcissistic, boastful, and talkative Sherlock Holmes sat in near submission before him.
AUTHORS NOTE
John’s emotions balled up in his throat, knowing he would be unable to give a long winded speech of how Sherlock saved himself and he was merely a supporting role, he settled to reply “you did the same for me a few years ago.” With a soft smile that Sherlock returned. Both men leaned forward slightly for a feather like kiss. John keeping Sherlock hand enclosed in his own. John cleared his throat, “ my turn now, baby,” he said, making sure Sherlock’s eyes never left his. “ nothing about us has been normal, it probably never will- I wouldn’t want it to be. The life that we have created, the memories that we have shared, the love we have grown: all of those things are extraordinary. You, Sherlock, are extraordinary. I said that to you, once many years ago in the back of the cab the first time we ever went out on a case together. I had no idea what I was in for, but I was in it with you and that’s all that mattered. You deduced me from my phone and my haircut and whatever else it was and you captivated me. I called you extraordinary and I meant your mind…but when I say it now- I mean so much more. Sherlock, everything about you draws me in and makes me love you more each day. I watched you die on the pavement of Bart’s and it wasn’t until, what I thought was you, hit that I admitted to myself how I felt about you. I don’t ever want to spend one second more wishing I would have told you how I felt…” John discretely worked the ring he had kept hidden, clasped between his middle and ring finger, between his thumb and forefinger and slid it onto Sherlock’s fourth finger. Only when the metal touched his skin did Sherlock break the hold John’s eyes had on him. “ William Sherlock Scott Holmes, to love you has been the greatest privilege of my life. Will you please do me the honor of letting me continue to love you as my husband?” John still held the detectives hands, but now one finger adorned a simple gold band with small alternating sapphires and diamonds. Sherlock eyes were brimmed with tears, highlighted by the glow of the fire as he fell forward, climbing into John’s lap and wrapping himself around the doctor.
John and Lestrade made small talk about a recent football match until Sherlock entered the room. He was still in his partially open dressing gown and it was evident he had no shame. Of course he had no shame, this was the same man who wore only a sheet to Buckingham palace. John, however, was suffering some mild secondhand embarrassment for him.
“he told me the woman you initially hired moved away and he was her replacement.”
Love Always,
“well, actually I was hoping to stick around for a bit. I told Lestrade it would be a while before id be back since he’s occupied anyway and unless you want me to tell him that you kicked me out because we used to be boyfriends then I suggest you let me stay.” Victor had a teasing tone in his voice, and he walked towards Sherlock. “Where’s John at?”
“I don’t know what the hell you are talking about, Mycroft, but this is out of line even for you!” John wasn’t yelling but was incredibly assertive as he hovered over the older Holmes brother. “You better start explaining.” John hissed. “The bruises” Mycroft stammered for the first time that John had ever heard. John looked at Sherlock confused but his eyes soon lit up with the realization of what Mycroft was referring to. “For Christ’s sake Mycroft-“Sherlock began at the same time John said “those aren’t bruised they're love bites, HICKIES!” John emphasized to him. Mycroft’s face flushed red, of course how could be so stupid. Ah of course, sentiment. Sentiment for his little brother created false deductions. In Mycroft’s defense he had a long-standing assumption that after Victor, Sherlock would never let John or anyone else close enough to him to have this situation occur- but as always, the capabilities of his little brother surprised him. Sherlock had been rambling on to John about how ‘hickies’ are indeed bruises, but John wasn’t paying him too much attention, figuring that was a conversation for a different time. For now John was in shock by practically having thrown the British government to the floor.
Sherlock's hands were shaking as they were held by John’s.
Emily was quiet for a minute before she sighed, “I was going to talk to the police.” She trailed off and it took a strong willpower for Sherlock not to stop dead in his tracks. “talk to the police about what?” he asked cautiously.
" don't need them, why would I buy them"
I hope you all like this chapter! The next chapter after this one is going to be very very exciting for John and Sherlock!! Stay safe and healthy, lots of love <3
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
John placed Sherlock on the bed and removed his underwear, taking his long, hard cock into his mouth and moaning around it. Sherlock closed his eyes and laid a hand on the top of John’s head, letting his fingers tangle in the blondish silver hair. John was obsessed with every inch of Sherlock’s gorgeous body, but he definitely had his favorite spots and Sherlock’s cock was high on the list. John took generous amounts of Sherlock’s long member in his mouth and throat and he gentle caressed Sherlock’s inner thighs. He pulled off of his lovers’ cock with a soft popping sound and lowered his head even further, taking one of Sherlock’s balls into his mouth. The detective groaned loudly, “Fuck, John.” John beamed with pride on the inside and took his lover by surprise when he forcefully flipped him over and spread his perfect pale cheeks and licked a wide stripe over his hole. Sherlock inhaled sharply and buried his head his pillow. The fact that John wasn’t constantly checking in on him and asking if he was alright was boosting his arousal significantly. Sherlock was writhing under John, desperately trying to grind his hips into the mattress. John held his hips higher above the mattress, “I want you to come only from me.” He said just above a whisper in a sultry tone. “God, John.” Sherlock moaned into the pillow. John continued circling and probing at Sherlock tight hole with his expert tongue as Sherlock was slowly falling apart under his touch.
"Why are you apologizing?"
They arrived at the scene of the disappearance which was a partially secluded concrete area outside of Emily’s apartment building where she stood to let her dog wander in the grass. Sherlock did his usual sweep over the area and a little beyond in case something had been missed- and it usually had. He swabbed samples of dirt and debris left behind, picked up things like pebbles, and litter that could possibly give them any information, but unfortunately the scene was bare to the naked eye.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“ how can you be certain of the plug?”
"Okay, Angelos?"
John couldn't help but laugh and that caught the eye of both Amy and Sherlock. "Sorry to interrupt, I brought you up some coffee love."
" isn't that what people do? Hug to say goodbye?"
"Everyone always does"
Sherlock got the hint and removed his goggles and latex gloves and sat down close next to John. He was stiff and it was easily noticeable.
Sherlock lifted his head and began kissing along John’s neck. When the kisses began to turn into gentle nips John broke the silence, “Careful where you put those things, I’m not as much of an exhibitionist as you are, baby.” He said teasingly and Sherlock smiled against the soft skin. The dark-haired man had no intentions of stopping but moved his efforts lower down John’s body where they could be concealed with ease.
John wrapped his arm and stood to place a kiss to his lovers temple. "Let's fix dinner yeah ?"
Sherlock was alarmingly still on the drive to the courthouse, and remained stoic as they sat on the pew inside the room waiting to be called to jury. “ you haven’t taken anything have you?” John asked out of genuine concern. He could practically feel Mycroft behind him listening for the response.
"Oh, right."
When they arrived in the room it looked like world war 2. Bloody hand prints and smears covered the once white walls. Sherlock began looking around.
John nodded, “yeah, when we talked with Billy, they agreed they wouldn’t stay gone more than 16 hours, that if they hadn’t found her by then they would come back and try again the next day. He’s been gone almost a full day. The hotel cameras saw him leave at around 2:30 yesterday morning.”
"Send them in." He said with a long sigh. Today had seemed to last forever and his tiredness was catching up to him. The person walked into his office. John was looking down writing, " please have a seat." The person didn't have a seat though they walked over behind his desk and pecked his cheek, he looked up in shock before noticing the person was Sherlock.
“I need details Mr. Holmes.”
"I most certainly am. Sherlock we need to try to get you healthier."
" what happened that led you to cutting."
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"Love?" Sherlocks voice grew quiet and John’s eyes went wide when he realized what he has said.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
I'm also thinking of doing one shots...would you all like that? Please let me know! Hope you have a wonderful day!
The judge looked up in a complete state of shock and Sherlock felt his blood run like ice in his veins,John was still digesting the information.
Hours passed and not once did John leave the small waiting room. Mycroft had left an hour after being there so he was alone. Leastrade came in and sat down next to him.
"Then what?"
In a twist of schedule John awoke before Sherlock, the detective’s long limbs still draped comfortably over him. The dark mop of curls came to rest just below the doctor’s chin, giving John the perfect position to drop kisses to his partners and inhale deeply the comforting scent of Sherlock…or home, they smell the same to him now.
“Sherlock…you don’t have to tell me anything. I shouldn’t have said what I did. But I am eternally sorry for what my brother did to you. I’m sure it has left you with a lot to heal from. Does that matter to you? Your virginity I mean?” she approached the question delicately and avoided eye contact with the tall man.
"Not hungry." Sherlocks replied as usual when John questioned him about food.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
Sherlock steepled his hand under his chin, “I know who took Emily Trevor, I don’t know where she is yet, but I know who took her.” John and Greg’s eyes both lit up and the DI moved closer to the edge of his seat, “alright who? Let’s arrest them and force them to tell us where- “
“you are incredible, baby.” John praised him and he smiled. “you’re so fucking hot.” He continued, pulling Sherlock into another kiss. Sherlock threw one of his long legs over John’s’ hips and began grinding his ass on John’s’ wet cock, his own leaking pre-come onto the doctor’s lower abdomen.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
Sherlock moved out of the room and disappeared down the steps.
"He lost a lot of blood and it's still coming. I gotta go be there soon"
“that’s fantastic, congratulations.” John hesitated a moment before clearing his throat and quickly looking around the room. “listen, Emily, I know we just met but I want to say this now in case I don’t have to opportunity to at a later time. And I’d prefer if Sherlock didn’t know I said this either.” He laughed and Emily nodded but kept an attentive look on her face. “I want to thank you. I want to thank you for how you cared for Sherlock back then, but most importantly for what you’ve done for him recently. I’m ashamed to say it now, but I didn’t want him to take this case. I didn’t care if you were never found if it meant he didn’t have to relive and replay some of the emotions he’s had to in the past few weeks. He always told me you shouldn’t pay the consequences for your brothers’ actions. Your case has given him some of the most difficult moments but also some of the best. You gave him something to fight for, and in that fight, he has had many victories over things that may have haunted him forever. Thank you for being a person worth fighting for.” John was finishing as tears glazed over Emily’s eyes “ and if you still need a place to do your residency, I would be honored to have you work alongside of me at Barts.”
“Sherlock, no, you don’t-“ John started
“stop telling me what I should do and trying to decide what I can and cannot handle, It’s not for you to decide.” Sherlock stated with a glare in John’s direction.
"Sherlock, god the bleeding isn't lightening up I need to call the paramedics. I'm so sorry"
Greg’s eyes lowered with a touch of shame, “ I went to Victor’s house, before he and I went to Paris and I was searching through his bedroom while he packed. I came across several…sexual items and he caught me. He wasn’t ashamed to tell me about them. he volunteered the information that he had the plug custom made when he was dating some guy in university, it never crossed my mind that man would have been Sherlock. I asked what the remote did, and he had me hold the plug as he hit the first level button on the remote, the electric shock was…incredibly painful. If I recall correctly, that was the first of then levels. Your honor, it’s a very specific thing to have in his possession and for Sherlock to explicitly bring up.”
"Shampoo, rinse, voluminous infusion and de-tangeler, rinse, conditioner, comb through, rinse."
"What, oh, um John I don't know if I'm rea-"
John’s eyes softened and he took Sherlock’s hands in his own, rubbing his thumbs across the smooth, pale skin. “love, I promise I’m not going to leave you. Do you really think so little of me?” he asked and was met with Sherlock shaking his head quickly. “will hearing the details be difficult and probably infuriating? Yes. But it would take an act of god himself to keep me out of that courtroom.”
"John" Sherlock swallowed loudly. " I think I may love you"
He picked up his pace and they both let whispered curses of pleasure into the space between them. John put his hands under Sherlock’s thighs to help support him and he began moving on top of the ex-soldier even faster. Every time John would hit Sherlock’s prostate the detective would bite his bottom lip and let out a low moan that was a delightful sin to John’s ears. Sherlock was now practically bouncing on John’s cock. John knew he wasn’t going to last much longer. The final straw was when he let his hand come to rest low on Sherlock’s abdomen and could faintly feel his own member moving inside of his lover. “fuck, Sherlock I’m gonna come. Come with me, sweetheart.” John huffed as he stroked Sherlock faster and thrust his hips to meet up with Sherlock’s movements.
Sherlock’s eyes met Victor’s, he sat back, arms folded over his chest and winked at him. Sherlock skin crawled with disgust but in his head he was 18 and having Victor evaluate his body, critiquing it as he stood naked before him trying to decide if he was worthy of a reward or deserving of punishment.
They walked down the hall from sherlocks room to see Mrs. Hudson standing in the middle of their living room setting food down on the coffee table. “oh hello boys, I made extra dinner and just wanted to bring you some. Sherlock, love, what’s with all the cigarettes in the ash tray are you alright?” john halfway anticipated Sherlock to snap at her knowing the topic was very fresh on his mind but was pleasantly surprised when Sherlock nodded his head but kept his eyes to the floor. John looked at Mrs. Hudson who gave Sherlock a sad smile he would never see. She reached out and took his hands in hers and took a step closer “Remember, I’m just downstairs.” John could see that she gave his hands a small squeeze and johns mouth all but hit the floor when Sherlock squeezed hers back and looked her in the eye and said “I know” under his breath before giving her a quick kiss on the cheek. John struggled to grasp the fact that the man he met a few years ago, the man who was so emotionally detached, who couldn’t read social cues, who still even to this day laughed at inappropriate moments and unintentionally said horribly insensitive things to people, was in fact slowly learning how to love again. And not just how to love, but how to show it.
Hi friends, I hope you enjoy this chapter! Please leave any feedback you have! Stay safe and healthy, lot of love <3
“It’s going well, not been up to much though. How is the office today?” -SH
"What are you doing"
**********************************************
"It's better than it was." He said.
John’s confession pulled at Sherlock’s heart strings and he held his lover tighter, “It’s going to be fine. I trust the people we are meeting up with and I promise we won’t get separated in the tunnels.” Sherlock grabbed the sides of John’s face and planted a hard, chaste kiss on his mouth. “I’ll have a granola bar. Let’s go.”
(TRIGGER WARNING OVER) When I began this story, I took so much of my own pain and projected it onto my character of Sherlock. I wrote John as who I needed someone to be for me. My own portrayal of John became my ‘comfort character’ just as much as Sherlock was my outlet. I made him into someone to share aspects of my pain. Writing this story was such a cathartic feeling for me…until it wasn’t. I met someone who slowly patched all the wounds the world and myself had inflicted upon me and one day I realized that this story was triggering me more than helping me, so I quit it- and I don’t regret that. I fully intended to finish it but I didn’t know that it would be five years later in the middle of a pandemic that I would do so.
"Freak!"
Sherlock shook his head and placed the violin back in its casing. John leaned onto sherlocks shoulder and sighed. "Your arm not itching as much?"
"Where's Lestrade?" Sherlock called out to no one in particular.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand and leaned in close when he felt Sherlock tighten his grip back in response. “ where do you want to go? We don’t have much time before it gets dark.” Sherlock baritone voice was amplified by the hospital hallways. “well actually, I’ve made some plans for us. We have dinner reservations near the Eiffel tower, let’s go there and by the time we finish up it will be time for supper.” John replied. Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, “ when did you make us reservations and not tell me about it?”
“Sherlock should have been back by now?” Greg asked.
"Why, why did you do it?"
"Yes. I don't want to sleep.after I get out I'm going to see Lestrade and walk around for a while."
“take as much time as you require; however if you stray too far from the course I will have to interject, do you understand?”
John kissed the top of Sherlock’s head and let his hands caress over Sherlock’s chest and torso lazily. The detective leaned into John’s touch as much as he could, yearning to be as close to his lover as he possibly could. After a few minutes Sherlock began to stir from his position. He moved to where he was sitting horizontally across John’s lap and John held him close. It was no secret John had a ‘thing’ for carrying and holding Sherlock, but the detective seldom got to enjoy it due to his internalized anxiety of him being too heavy for John to hold for more than a few moments. But here in the water, that fear was gone-drowned by sherlock’s knowledge that he was practically weightless in the tub. Here, in this moment, he was able to indulge both his and John’s desires.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as mycroft left the room and john stirred in his arms.
"You put up with me" sherlock said smiling.
“you were amazing, baby. You always are. I love you.” The doctor praised his lover as he admired the near sleeping figure next to him.
“yes. And lucky for you and her both, she’s alive and will make a full recovery. And you won’t be charged with murder.” Greg stated. “ I’d hoped you were better than this. You’re being transported back to London tonight and your trial is in a week, so I suggest you call a good lawyer…and quick.”
Suddenly the televisions in the pub flashed with the local news channel logo and a bright red banner scanned across the screen, Dernières nouvelles: Explosion dans les catacombs….
They took a moment and just smiled at one another exchanging quick kisses.
John pulled Sherlock on top of him, caressing the side of his face and kissing him, “I know. It will be alright, I promise. Wanna give it a try?”
Hours had passed and Sherlock and Billy were trying yet another set of tunnels. Sherlock glanced at his phone for what seemed like the 100th time. Of course, there was no cell service but every time he checked he tried to imagine what John must be doing and how he was feeling. It was nearly 4 PM and he knew Greg and Victor would be in the city by now, he only hoped all was going according to plan when suddenly the sound of a gunshot rang through the tunnels. He and Billy both dropped to the ground when he felt a sharp prick stab deep into his shoulder and he could no longer fight to keep his eyes open.
" don't call me that. I know you are."
OH MY GOSH!! I am genuinely in shock and overjoyed that this story has reached over 7000 hits. Thank you to everyone who has taken time to read even just one of these chapters and for supporting my writing. I hope you all enjoy this chapter! The next chapter will definitely be more content based than the last two chapters, but i don't want to rush this story and don't want to skip over important character development points.
AUTHORS NOTE
"Well I have to get back, good luck calming down the freak"
(See the end of the chapter for
John laughed, " you can't stay when patients are in here."
The room fell silent once more and Sherlock was already preparing how to exit the building and avoid the reporters. When Lestrade stood from his seat and asked permission to walk forward. “What kind of evidence would be needed?”
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
The conversation landed in all the right ways, a small grin crept across Sherlock’s face and he raised the instrument to his shoulder and began to play, admiring John as he shuffled about the kitchen. How did he ever live without John? He didn’t, he just existed.
"Sherlock"
“you’re in a bad mood this morning.” The detective noted, but before John could get angrier, he walked to the shorter man and took him into his arms. “what’s wrong? You’ve been off since you came back from Tesco last night.”
AUTHORS NOTE
John once again sat alone; a feeling of numbness seemed to have taken hold on his being. He couldn’t cry, couldn’t be scared, or angry. He just stared at the televisions in disbelief.
"Alone John. I'm going alone."
This was the first-time John had been granted permission to touch Sherlock here. Much like the man it belonged to, his cock was long, and pale save for the rosy pink tip that was dripping with pre-cum. “John” Sherlock said breathily. “John, I’m-I’m close” he panted, and John looked to him, a soft smile on his lips “Cum for me beautiful.” John encouraged him as he stroked him faster, turning his wrist on the upstroke. Soon Sherlocks muscles tensed, and he held his breath. He exhaled and repeated John’s name as milky white shots of cum coated his and John’s stomachs. John fell onto his back next to his lover.
"Hmmm"
"Staring, it makes me uncomfortable"
"Yes" John replied.
“ okay, Sherlock why don’t you come with me and we can get everything set up in the audio room. John wait with Victor and show him where it is when he is finished with that last packet.” Lestrade said as he made his way through the small office and motioned for Sherlock to follow him. Sherlock gave one last glance at John who gave him a reassuring nod before he disappeared out of sight. John felt anger begin to rise in his body, knowing he was left in the room alone with the despicable human who still tortures his boyfriend’s subconscious everyday. John closed his eyes and took some more deep breaths. “Are you alright Dr.Watson?” Victor said his eyes looking directly into his as he took a step towards him. John took a step back, “Fine, just a long night ya know.” John said trying to remain very casual. Victor let a small smirk play on his lips, “Oh, I know. Something about violin music at three in the morning can really make for an unpleasant night’s sleep.” John’s blood ran cold. Holy shit, he really just said that to him. “ah yes, I’d imagine so.” John played dumb and Victor let it slide…for now. John led Victor down the hall to the room set up with audio equipment, the Yard mostly used this room for interrogations but when the opportunity presented itself it was used for regular interviews so that the detectives could review the information later and check if stories matched up. It was set up very similar to a small recording studio with a room for the interviewer and subject on the inside with a divided glass wall and a room for audio management and observation on the outside. “Sherlock do you want to ask the questions or should I?” Lestrade asked. “You, I’ll ask any I feel are needed but I think it’s best for me to observe for now.” Sherlock replied and they nodded in agreement. Lestrade asked all the very basic questions that you do for a missing person’s case and truthfully Sherlock had very little to add. The interview was much less intimidating than he had played out in his head and he felt a small rush of relief take over him that he didn’t have to interact very much with Victor. “was anything found or left at the scene where you last saw her?” Sherlock asked as the interview came to a close. “No, not that anyone could find anyway.” Victor replied and Sherlock turned his attention to Greg, “Who was on forensics that day?” Sherlock inquired “Anderson” Lestrade replied, earning an eye-roll from Sherlock, “I want to do my own sweep of the area.” Lestrade nodded and suggested they get to the scene before sundown, as it was about a half hour away by car and time was of the essence. Lestrade stood up and headed out the door, John stood to wait for Sherlock who let Victor leave the room first, leaving the two alone. “ how are you?” John asked as soon as they were out of earshot. Sherlock shrugged and kept walking past John, he didn’t want to be an arsehole but he couldn’t let his guard down right now. He couldn’t keep up with switching back and forth between being emotionally vulnerable with John and then his normal stoic self in the next room over with Victor and Lestrade. The choice was an easy one to make and he could only hope that John understood. Sherlock felt tired. Physically, mentally, emotionally…he was exhausted, and the day was barely half over.
Are you doing alright or should I come home early?- JW
"But it's not natural to me, I'm going to mess this up."
"Yeah?"
" I'm not drunk John, I mean we should talk about it. That's what couples do right? Talk about things."
“I’ve got a wife!”
“did you know her well or only spend time with her when necessary?”
"Love"
John laughed softly and positioned his thick cock at his lovers’ entrance, “patience, needy boy.” He teased kissing the nape of Sherlock neck. He teased his cock over Sherlock’s tight hole a few times before slowly pushed inside. They both groaned in sync and John let his hand grip on Sherlock hip and thrusted into him. It was even slower paced than last night, but it was perfect for what it was. Sherlock wasn’t sore, but a little more sensitive. They continued until John once again finished inside of his lover and Sherlock was a sticky mess. They were sweating and out of breath. John held Sherlock tight to his chest and whispered compliments and pet names into his ear.
"I could never hate you. Please get that into your brilliant head." He gave Sherlocks hand a gentle squeeze and then let him to his room.
**********************************************
Ms Hudson smiled fondly, " sit down, it won't take long but my hip is killing me" they took a seat on a bench and waited for a cab to pass " I met Sherlock for the first time when he was in uni, when he was still with Victor. He showed up on my doorstep one night, scared, with cuts and bruises all over him. I had no idea who he was or why he was here but he was kind enough to make me trust him, he eventually opened up to me. I was the first person to know about the abuse and all he went through, I knew about the eating disorder, the cutting all of it. I told him he could live in 221b and I would help pay rent until he got a steady job, he claimed money wasn't the problem but I still wanted to help more. I suppose he just became fond of me because I didn't judge him, or treat him like he was broken. Sherlock is strong john, stronger than he lets on."
Please let me know what you think!
"I'm sure he'll be alright. At least I hope so"
Sherlock nodded and they continued, he pulled off johns jumper and pressed himself even closer to his lover. He felt John run his tongue over his bottom lip and he quickly opened his mouth letting John in and flicking his tongue over Johns. Things were getting heated quickly but Sherlock was yet to feel uncomfortable. He could feel johns erection through his trousers and pushed his hips to him, causing John to inhale quickly and moan into sherlocks mouth. While John was slowly growing more frustrated Sherlock seemed to have no physical reaction at all.
" your so cute." John kissed his forehead and pulled him closer to his chest.
Greg felt his mobile buzz in his back pocket, he bit the inside of his lip as he read the message
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
"Hmm" sherlock mumbled, not looking up from his desk.
"Yes" Lestrade replied.
Sherlock could hear John fidgeting in the seat behind him, “from when I was fifteen to age twenty.”
After Mycroft’s visit the two men resumed their regular routines. It wasn’t long before Sherlock’s phone rang and Lestrade was asking him questions about his discoveries, which much to Sherlock’s dismay, were not as significant as he would have liked. He had gathered so much data from his slides and his personal investigation of the case file, as well as Victor’s witness interview and the very minimal surveillance footage that had been captured from the apartment building. A typical abduction really. Emily had walked out with her dog to see Victor off after his visit. Barely a full two minutes later a tall, lean man dressed in all black and full face mask comes up behind her. Emily was looking at her phone as her little dog sniffed around, the man cuts the retractable leash and then uses the same scissors to hold against Emily’s throat before both of them disappear out of the cameras view. What made it all so difficult was the evidence all seemed to contradict itself, not to mention there were absolutely no witnesses other than the dog. Emily also seemed to just walk away with her captor, granted there were blades to her throat but there was no initial struggle like there should have been.
Thanks so much for reading! Please comment and let me know if you like the story and if you would like me to start writing one shots!
Sherlock knew this. He knew how vital time was in a situation such as this. The very human side of Sherlock felt ashamed of himself. His relationship and feelings towards victor truly had nothing to do with his sister. His sister is most likely an innocent victim in all of this and Sherlock was punishing her  and prolonging her suffering by not helping. He closed his eyes tightly and tried fight back tears. He remembered once what John had said about being soldiers and persevering with what was right even in the face of fear, “I’ll do it. Ill take the case. See you tomorrow.” Sherlock walked out not giving Greg the opportunity to say anything else.
AUTHORS NOTE
“first, thank you. I’m glad I could help satisfy you this morning. No, you’re right John. I didn’t get an erection this morning, in fact I almost never do whenever we mess around.” Johns face fell a bit “and it’s not because I’m not enjoying myself or because I’m not sexually aroused by you because god knows I am, John. I mean I wouldn’t drop to my knees and swallow ejaculate for just anyone” John chuckled a little at Sherlocks medically correct terminology “but I just can’t seem to get an erection when we are being physical, not right now anyways. And you’re right again, I did become uncomfortable when the attention was directed towards me. I don’t have an explanation as to why that is. My best deduction is that most of what I fear about sex is because of the things that were done to me, I’m apprehensive and fearful when its ‘my turn’ to receive. I feel overwhelmed and, in some ways, very trapped when you’re trying to please me. Even sometimes when you’re on top of me, just kissing I get nervous.” Sherlock finished his thought avoiding direct eye contact with John. The doctor lifted Sherlocks chin and gave him a soft kiss, “thank you for telling me that. That actually makes a lot of sense, love. I’m sorry that I have made you feel trapped and overwhelmed at times. Sherlock as much as I love receiving blowjobs, kisses, and all the things you are confident enough to give me- I can’t help but want to return the pleasure back to you. I know how selfish a lot of men are in bed, but I love to give, I really do. It gives me a whole different type, but equally as powerful, pleasure as an orgasm does. And if you’ll let me…id really love to start helping you overcome your fear of being touched like this.” John said, placing another kiss on Sherlocks mouth. Sherlock looked deep into Johns’ eyes for a moment and smiled, “I think I’d really like that.”
Lestrade arrived at Baker Street within the hour. Sherlock watched the police car pull up and remained attentive to the street even after Lestrade had entered their flat to ensure no one had followed him over. When Sherlock was satisfied that they were alone he sat down in his chair across from John’s, “You didn’t tell Victor you were called here, right?” he asked. Lestrade shook his head and answered Sherlock’s next question, “No, he wasn’t with me when you called. I figured he was on his way back from seeing you.”
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Sherlock’s eyes opened and he glanced at what John was staring so intensely at, letting out a sigh and cutting the water back off. “they’ve been taped to the top of the underside of the cabinet, and no- I had no intention of using them today. I was actually going to give them to you after I finished up in here.”
Then, the next several seconds of his life seemed to unfold in slow motion. A girl wearing a long coat that resembled Sherlock’s was being lifted from a hole in the ground. John held his breath and strained his eyes to look for something that might not even happen. But then it did. Sherlock climbed out of the opening in the ground. His once pristine white shirt was covered in dirt and residue and several of the buttons were missing, his pants had tears in them, his hair was wet with rain and sweat-stuck to his face in all directions, his face had streaks of grey and black and dark red blood stains…and it was the best thing John had ever seen.
The days leading up to the trial passed like fading transitions of an ending movie credit; some moments seemed to drag while others were gone in a flash. They avoided talking about the trial at all costs, but it was inevitably brought up from time to time. When the London papers had made their way to Sherlock’s parents beautiful country home, it was a matter of hours before Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were at the doorstep of 221b.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
***********************************************
“yes. You pick the location, anywhere but my place. Ill file with the police before our meeting. SH”
The doctor opened his eyes and looked up at the detective, “yes, baby?”
"Couldn't sleep and was restless, didn't want to wake you. If I didn't wake you, why are you awake?"
"What do you want for dinner?" John  sat In his armchair across from Sherlock who plopped down on the couch.
Nothing.
"I'll tell you if I want to stop."
Sending all my love and best wishes for the year to come! As always, Stay healthy and safe!
"Yep"
"Deserved it"
"John why are you so insistent on me eating this morning"
“ wh-what does it matter if your name is with the case, god knows you take most of the credit for cases like this anyway.” Lestrade said in a confused tone. He looked at Sherlock, really looked at him and for a moment it was as if he could see fear in his eyes.
" ran into my old dealer."
"Those aren't the most ego boosting words you have ever said to me."
"Sherlock, he's alright." John looked up sadly, seeing as how the noise must have reminded the detective of his sexual experiences.
I hope you all have a fantastic week and that you enjoy this chapter! please let me know what you think! stay safe and healthy, lots of love...
"Maybe so, but she is a nice lady and you should be respectful to her"
“your doing wonderfully, sweetheart.” He praised as he fingered throughout Sherlock’s hair. The detective gave a sad smile accompanied by a shy ‘thank you.’
John hummed in acknowledgment and walked to Sherlock’s side, “Can I touch you?” he asked, and Sherlock was quick to stand from his seat and give him a questioning glare “yes, why?” he asked. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and held him tightly. Sherlock embraced John and dropped a kiss to his hair. John didn’t answer Sherlock’s question, just held him. Sherlock pulled away slightly, “how did it go with Victor?”
"You're an idiot."
"You're alright. You just fell. Nothing serious, just a cut or two, head injuries bleed a lot."
John murmured, “bullshit” under his breath and draped an arm over Sherlock, it was his turn to kiss his lovers neck. “why hasn’t Lestrade reached out? It has been days since the press released that issue, and its all they’ve been talking about since.”
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"How are you feeling"
“mind if I just…stay here a bit.” Johns body was fighting to restore his cardiac and respiratory rate to normal levels. Sherlock just shrugged and began releasing the water in his bath to replenish with warm. John was nearly calm when he saw the blades stuck to the tape on the counter. “ Sherlock, were you going to…where have you been keeping these?”
Lestrade rubbed his hand over his face, “Fine. Fine. You win, as usual. I’ll take him out tonight and come over later to discuss our next move.” And with that the DI left.
Sherlock rolled his eyes fondly and scolded, “ John…really? Asking for my hand…”
“ right. On his phone, there was a message from Victor, offering a large sum of money to separate Sherlock from somebody- we don’t know whether that was in reference to Miss Trevor or Mr. Wiggins. the text occurred while Sherlock was in the tunnels, these messages were not on Victor’s phone but there was an unread reply from this man to Victor that said something to the effect of, ‘ subtract $200 from that if I can use him the way I used to.’ It didn’t mean much when we read it at the time…obviously it does now.” Greg continued to fill in missing details of what happened while in Paris until he had exhausted everything he had to say. The judge called for a recess wile they waited on the paperwork. For the first time in days Greg was able to talk with his two friends, but the DI had very few words to say. Instead he wrapped his arms around the detective and mumbled apologies. Sherlock tentatively hugged him back with an awkward pat on the back. John shook Lestrade’s hand, waiting for Sherlock to walk away before smiling at the DI, “your drinks at the pub are on me from now on.” The two laughed quietly before exiting the room. John entered the restroom, a scowled when he saw Victor and his accompanying security guard at one of the urinals. He stepped back out to wait for the other man to leave. Sherlock spotted him and invaded his personal space, but John didn’t mind.
John began to dry Sherlock off, starting with his hair and moving down. When he reached Sherlocks arms he realized that there probably hundrents of cuts, some healed and scared over, some new, and some healing.
" fine."
Sherlock redressed and went back to his bedroom, realizing he forgot his dressing gown and some dry socks. He heard John enter the flat and he was anxious to get back to his lover. As Sherlock looked at the window one last time before he left the room a clump of something dark brown caught his eye. He looked at the bottom windowpane and observed the marks scraped down the side. Sherlock cracked a small smile to himself and ran to grab a clean cotton bud. He ran the swab over the markings and went back to his microscope, rubbing the substance on a clean slide.
"I can't say okay?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlocks cheeks flushed red at the pet names. He always adored when John called him by pet names but he never mentioned it out loud until now. " I love when you do that"
"I'm fine. Let's go home."
" are you okay? I'm so sorry."
(See the end of the chapter for
John sat back on the bed and watched Sherlock in awe as he laid himself over his lap, his naked bottom facing towards John as his cock brushed against the middle of John’s thighs. This had become their favorite way to lay for John to finger his partner. Unlike times before, John was consciously trying not to touch Sherlock’s prostate too much, wanting to leave him wanting and sensitive for later. John spoke affirming words and compliments as he worked two fingers in and out of Sherlock. Sherlock shuttered every time John hit that little bundle of nerves in him, his cock leaking onto John beneath him.
Normally Sherlock would have stood but today he didn’t think his knees would hold him much longer. The two men just stared at each other for longer than the sergeant was comfortable with. Bradshaw cleared his throat awkwardly, “so, what can I do for you?”
Sherlock had taken a seat on the sofa and Mycroft stood in front of him, leaning slightly on his umbrella. “Mycroft, can I get you anything?” John offered. “No, thank you. I won’t be staying long. Sherlock?” he said directing his attention back towards the sofa “I wanted to talk with you about a private matter….” Mycroft’s words trailed off. Sherlock’s rolled his eyes, “yes, I’ve gathered that. John can stay.” Sherlock said assertively, answering the unasked question. Mycroft sighed and John smiled sitting back in his chair. “I was made aware this morning that you are working on a case involving the Trevor family. And not only that, but that you are in direct correspondence with Victor. What the HELL are you thinking?!” Mycroft was seething. John had never seen him show such raw emotion. Sherlock flinched for a split second as Mycroft’s voice continued to rise. “it’s a case. I got involved before I knew the details. Besides, it’s not about him. I’m not doing this for him. I can’t back out now” Sherlock said his eyes burning into Mycroft’s. “oh, you can back out and you will. I will not allow this to continue. I have been trying to protect and provide you with resources since before you left him. Have you forgotten…!” Mycroft was practically shouting towards the end before Sherlock interrupted him standing up quickly from the sofa, “Of course I haven’t forgotten!” Sherlock screamed back at him, “but if you were listening, I’m not doing this for him, it’s for his sister! Why should she be punished for who he is!” Mycroft shook his head in disappointment, “Oh, Sherlock. Your sentiment disgusts me. I’m pulling you from the case.” “No, you’re not. I can do it with or without you but your knowing of the case would help ensure my protection.” Sherlock said with a convincing tone in his voice.
AUTHORS NOTE
"Not that I'm not happy to see you but why are you here?"
Sherlock squeezed him tighter placed a kiss to the top of his hair.
John extended an outstretched hand to Mycroft offering to help him off the floor, a gesture Mycroft quickly accepted. “Mycroft, I’m sorry I push- “ John started. Mycroft held up a hand to stop him and interjected “No, Dr. Watson, I am the one who is sorry. I should have known better that you wouldn’t have caused any harm to my brother. I am deeply ashamed of how I reacted.” Sherlock made a snide comment about ‘over-reacting’ and John nodded his head in understanding “it’s alright, you were worried.” Mycroft neither confirmed or denied John’s statement but rather brushed off his clothes and spoke to Sherlock, “I won’t force you off this case for the time being…but if it gets to be too much, and I know if it does, I will have you removed Emily Trevor be damned.” And with that Mycroft made his way down the stairs back to the street. John and Sherlock shared a knowing look of ‘wtf’. Just as John was about to ask Sherlock a question his phone buzzed.
“no. I was always blind folded.” Sherlock hung his head in shame. More over not being able to identify the other men than from being sold like a cheap whore.
"A bit not good, love. Families shouldn't be dead" John stated.
" I would like to discuss sex when we get home."
When John arrived at 221b he was thankful for the London traffic that had given him time to compose himself on the way home. He was unsure whether or not to tell Sherlock what he had figured out about Victor. John was, in a way, angry at Sherlock. How could he not be? He was angry and hurt that Sherlock hadn’t told him of Victor’s recent torture. Was it because he didn’t trust John? Through the anger pierced guilt and concern. John couldn’t help but blame himself for being part of the reason of whatever happened, happened; but his concern for Sherlock’s mental and physical health trumped all feelings. He sighed and made his way up the stairs, stopping at the door to lay eyes on the man he loved staring intently into his microscope.
Emily ran her teeth over her bottom lip nervously and rubbed her fingers together, both of which Sherlock picked up on from across the room. “um, well I was actually hoping to talk with Sherlock about something…it’s rather serious.” She spoke softly, her voice nearly wavering. When no one else spoke up Sherlock stood from his chair and leaned against the arm of John’s chair.
Emily just shrugged, repeating it was alright and left with a friendly wave as if nothing had happened.
They all moved from their respective spots. Sherlock had called a cab to get a head start towards Emily’s apartment and he was waiting upstairs for it to arrive. Greg was going to drive John to NSY and leave his car there so that nothing looked suspicious when Victor arrived, he was then going to leave to meet Sherlock at the apartment complex. “Ready to go?” Greg called to John.  “Yeah, one minute. Gonna grab a different coat.” John called back at he walked towards Sherlock’s bedroom and motioned for Sherlock to follow him. Once they were inside John placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm and it twitched beneath him, his mouth flattened into a line, but he didn’t ask. “be safe okay?” he asked, but it came across as more of a command. Sherlock nodded and his curls bounced softly, “you too.” He returned. They shared a short kiss before Sherlock’s phone dinged, telling him that his cab had arrived, and he left.
They got off the floor and Sherlock quickly brushed his teeth and then followed john to the living room. John laid down on the sofa and held his arms out.
Stay safe and healthy,
" I laid out some films, pick out whatever one you think would bore you the least" John yelled as he walked to the door to pay the takeaway man.
Lots of love,
Sherlock had been walking for hours, his feet were throbbing in pain and itching from the water they had treaded earlier. Overall, he was uncomfortable and tired- but most of all he was frustrated at the turn of events, knowing Victor had to have found out. The detective continued walking in the direction he and Billy had been headed but decided to forgo his warning not to yell…how much worse could things get.
Sorry for the wait, I've had a horrible week. Please let me know how you all like the story.
lets hangout and stay updated by following me on twitter! @OhHeyyItsAnna
“I decided I’ll testify.” Sherlock said quietly.
0000000000000
***********************************************
“ Ms. Trevor, I have read over you case and it is to my understanding you are asking the court for reprimands against the defendant ,Victor Trevor, on the accusations of abuse, kidnapping, and attempted murder- is that correct?” the judge inquired with no emotion.
"who is Greg?"
" this information is private and I won't say I word but I need to know."
John’s cock soon went flaccid and he pulled out of Sherlock, leaving the detective feeling empty. Sherlock turned onto his opposite side to face John who took him into his arms. “how are you feeling, baby?” John asked.
"Ah, alright. That's um fine I suppose."
"Bullshit" Sherlock shot back
“no, this is the first he is hearing of it.”
"Stay"
"Yes but I'm sorry I shouldn't have said that -"
" we are not doing that" Sherlock said " we are not acting like 15 year old love birds"
Despite the emotionally draining aspect of the day for the both of them, they ended their evening laying on the sofa in domestic bliss.
" you won't 'screw it up' Sherlock, just do what you feel comfortable with and everything will be fine. Okay?" John reassured him.
Sherlock scoffed, “ as usual I got myself involved in something before I knew all the details…by the time I did, it was too late.”
John’s eyes opened and a small smile played on his lips as he saw Sherlock facing him, cradling his face in one of his delicate hands. “hi” he whispered, turning his head to kiss Sherlocks palm. “Is it time to get up?” he asked confused. Sherlock shook his head, “No, it’s only half past two. I just couldn’t sleep; I didn’t mean to wake you.” Sherlock replied, matching John’s’ tone of voice. “That’s alright I don’t mind. Do you need to talk about anything, or could you just not sleep?” John inquired; sincerity evident in his voice. Sherlock tensed slightly, “just couldn’t sleep.” John moved to lay flat on his back and adjusted the blankets a bit before he moved one of his arms away from his body, “come here” John said, a silent invitation for Sherlock to lay his head on the doctor’s chest and cuddle. Sherlock happily placed his head on John’s pectoral and draped an arm over his torso, sighing in total contentment.
The biggest reward for me...is seeing how it has affected you all. Whether you relate at all to the characters, or just enjoy the story- seeing the hits number increase and reading comments from you all has seriously brought me so much joy. At the very core of my being all I want to do it help people and make them happy. Even if this story only touched one person, it has all been worth it.
John fixed the tea to their liking and sat down at their small kitchen table.
" I enjoy it. Never bored." He laughed.
"oh god!" He yelled looking away.
John’s breathing pattern changed just past the two-hour mark. Sherlock slowly slid out of bed and quietly put his clothes from the previous day back on. He put the drawstring bag John had packed on and then put on his trench coat. He took his phone off charger, grabbed his flashlight and put several backup batteries in one of his coat pockets. As he walked towards the door, he fought himself not to look back at John’s sleeping figure, for fear that if he did, he wouldn’t be able to make himself leave. With one last deep breath he quietly left the hotel room and met the awaiting taxi to take him to a secret meeting spot in the 8th arrondissement.
Sherlock nodded and continued to shine his light into different caverns. Many of the walls were covered with artwork and graffiti, some of it true pieces of art, others gang signs and silly writings and riddles. They came to a fork in their path and Billy directed them to the right side. Not long down the trail and they were up to their ankles in water. Sherlock had worn his normal dress shoes, not anticipating these conditions.
“you never were one to give false hope.”
“did these men ever penetrate you anally or was it exclusive to oral sex?”
Hearing Sherlock say that nearly drove him over the edge but he managed to hold off. Sherlock grasped John's prick firmly and slowly brought the head to his mouth. John moaned loudly at the feeling of a wet, hot mouth around him.
She sighed, “just like you’ve actually been taking care of yourself.”
As they lay there in the quiet silence Sherlock began to have many emotions running through him, a feeling he has not yet adjusted to since entering into a relationship with John. He opened his eyes and began gently rubbing his hand up and down a small part of John’s torso, “John.” He said plainly. John replied with a small “hmm” noise and Sherlock took a deep breath, “you know I am not one to frequently have outburst of sentiment, in fact I’ve spent most of my life thinking it is a chemical defect that often leads to peoples downfall, but I feel like I need to say this or it will keep nagging at me.” Sherlock had John’s full attention, “John i…I really want to thank you for um well for being so understanding these past few months, well always, but especially since we have entered into this relationship together. I know that I am cold, distant, in many ways emotionally stifled, I am flawed in so many ways and I often feel redeemed only by the warmth and constancy of your friendship. I know that I am probably one of the most unpleasant and difficult people to have a romantic relationship with, but you never fail to support me. John, you amaze me every day in the ways that you love me and no matter where our relationship may lead or where it may end, I will spend every day trying to show my gratitude.”
Mark was sworn in promptly and gave a statement with backing paperwork that he had prescribed Emily an antipsychotic and had been meeting with both her and Victor for several years. He left Sherlock out of the situation for now. He claimed that Emily never explicitly told him why she wanted to see a therapist only the struggles she was having, and he treated her to the best of his ability. He also had paperwork confirming that Victor had been to see him shortly after Emily’s disappearance, asserting truth towards Victor’s’ side of the story.
"Sorry about that. Hope things work out."
Sherlock took several moments to think, the truth was he didn’t know what he wanted, and John could see the struggle behind his eyes. John placed his hand behind Sherlocks neck and brought him closer for a loving kiss. “do you trust me?” John asked, looking into Sherlocks striking blue eyes. Sherlock nodded his head and John smiled as he gently switched their positions so that Sherlock was laying on his back and John was on top of him. “Are you okay like this? I can move off of you whenever you want, just let me know okay?” John said running his fingers through the pale man’s hair. John began kissing down Sherlocks neck, it was rare the detective let him do this. He tugged lightly at the porcelain skin with his teeth before he licked and gently sucked over the spots he had bitten. Sherlock let out a sensual groan and John smiled against his neck. He continued to kiss down the detective’s long torso until he reached the elastic of Sherlocks grey sweatpants. He ran his fingers along the waist band and felt Sherlocks muscles contract, John looked up at him seeking approval, “I’m alright. Please…don’t stop” Sherlock reassured him. Hearing Sherlock short of breath from arousal was enough to make John’s erection strain harder against his boxers and he soon found himself pressing his hips to Sherlocks leg for relief.
"Yes I did, I was just in denial" John said in a slightly defensive tone.
They both stood from the table and shook hands and headed to walk out.
It was their 1 month anniversary, they had agreed on no gifts but Sherlock still wanted to do something special because he knew it would please John.
"I'm not pitying you, I just care" John said softly as he continued to play with the tall mans hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
For the past several minutes Sherlock had had a lump in his throat that he couldn’t quite swallow down, he cursed himself knowing that it was the same type of lump that had formed the night he sappily confessed how thankful he was for John- the sentiment type of lump. They were still stood in the downstairs, “John, I’ll come up in a minute.” Sherlock said out of the blue, his eyes not meeting John’s. The doctor had questions of course but decided those would be left for a different time. Instead he nodded and gave Sherlock’s arm a little squeeze and went upstairs.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up, but he kept his head low, staring at the floor until he was taken by surprise when Emily scooted closer to him, laying her head on his shoulder and wrapping her arms around his. Sherlock flinched at the touch and their eyes met.
(See the end of the chapter for
They laid there for minutes just cuddling as John tried to comfort him.
" call Mycroft, not A&E"
When the water began to go cold, they washed one another and Sherlock managed to sway John to get out first so that he could dry off and put on his dressing gown without risking John seeing his thigh. When the taller man exited the bathroom, John was packing items into a backpack. Sherlock had his burgundy silk robe on and pressed himself to John’s bare back, wrapping his arms around his shoulders. “what are you doing?” he asked curiously. “I decided to pack a bag with a few things for Emily, hoping she’s alive. I put some water and a few of those electrolyte packets, some granola bars, and a small first aid kit.” John sighed “it’s not much but it’s the best I could think of.” Sherlock smiled against the top of John’s shoulder, “I’m sure she will appreciate it. I wouldn’t have thought of it.”
The night went with ought a hitch. John slept pressed against sherlocks side on the small bed. Waking up next to Sherlock is something John could relive for the rest of his life and never grow tired of it. He admired the feint scent of sherlocks Cologne and a smell that could only be described as simply....Sherlock. He knew he couldn't go back to sleep so he gently moved sherlocks arm from around him and got dressed to head down to the cafeteria. He got 2 cups of coffee and took the lift back upstairs.  Sherlock was awake and having his vitals tested by none other than Amy.
"Just a few more minutes, please?"
“Now? It’s after midnight.”
The Therapist sighed and was growing irritated with sherlocks short and literal answers," what happened that night. the whole story. Actually never mind, I already know what happened, how old were you when you became self destructive."
Long time no see. Sherlock Holmes is in the catacombs- he has to have someone showing him the way. Find where he is and get them separated. I don’t care what you have to do to either of them. $25,000 if you succeed. – Victor T.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
They exchanged I love you’s and another kiss before returning to the courtroom. There were still a few minutes before the session resumed when John remembered the granola bars in Sherlock’s briefcase. He dug one out and passed it to his partner. Sherlock took it and began unwrapping it when he saw Victor watching him with a sly smile. He handed the bar back over to John and directed his eyes to the floor. He couldn’t eat in front of Victor.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
"What can I do to help him" John asked with his voice cracking, fighting back tears.
They were almost finished with their meal. John had eaten all of his an Sherlock only had a few bites left of his.
"Doctor Watson, how are you?" Mycroft asked as he leaned on his umbrella.
Sherlock was stepping over rubble when he turned back to look at her, “to you? I didn’t know he ever hurt you, he always seemed so loving towards you.”
There was a sign, it had been a while since he turned down breakfast when John made it.
"I'm so sorry i left you"
“no. like you said you were young. I hold nothing against you.” He mumbled. “besides, all those times you bandaged my injuries and watched movies with me…you were already doing what I needed.”
"Really Sherlock, I need to know. I really hate that I have to leave you day after you come home from the hospital."
John rolled his eyes and dismissed himself. He stepped outside where Mycroft was waiting by his car. “Yes?” John asked.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
John awoke earlier than usual the next morning, grateful that he didn’t have to leave for work soon. He was in Sherlocks bed and his lover was still wrapped in his arms with his back pressed against him. John let out a very quiet and content sigh and inhaled deeply Sherlocks comforting scent, his nose scrunched when he realized the scent was now slightly tainted with the faint smell of cigarettes. John pressed himself tighter to Sherlock and tried to think of ways to be supportive but not suffocating over the next however many days or weeks this case persists. As a doctor, John had given advice to others who were dealing with loved ones with a complicated emotional life…but it all feels so different when its somebody you love.
Sherlock huffed a bit, knowing Emily needed to get a few hours of good rest in before they could start looking for a way out-who knows when the last time she had a decent sleep was. He gently placed his hands on her shoulders, that were still draped in his coat, and moved her to where her head was resting on his thighs. It wasn’t long before her eyes began to close, and Sherlock began counting the minutes until he would wake her.
" I don't know, you just seemed interested"
“Get what you needed?” he asked, catching Sherlock’s attention.
John laughed, “ while you were down in the catacombs.” Sherlock’s head jerked up to meet John’s gaze, “ I was wondering around the city, aimlessly- trying to drown out the thoughts of what might happen to me if I were to lose you…and I decided if you made it out alive I was going to marry you.” John brought the pale fingers to his lips and kissed them. “ after you made it out, there was so much going on- it never really felt like the right moment, so I’ve held on to it for all this time. When your parents came over the other day and you were still asleep, I thought it would be a good time to ask them.”
" I just think I need to lose weight" Sherlock said avoiding Johns gaze and silently pleading for this conversation to be done with.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Out, he will be back soon.” Sherlock said, hopeful that the prospect of John’s return would prevent Victor from trying anything he did yesterday in the lab.
“her brother? The bloke sitting in our jail right now?” Bradshaw questioned Sherlock nodded, he eyes still looking towards the floor. “Sherlock, you do realize you can’t file on behalf of another person. If Emily-”
“I’m not hungry.” Sherlock replied as he set his hanging clothes on top of their suitcases.
"Angelo's"
John’s eyebrows raised, “so he’s going to find out about you and Victor during the trial?” he said in an alarmed tone. Sherlock nodded and his breathing slowed, John knew these to be the signs of his lover drifting into sleep. He wouldn’t push the conversation any further, Sherlock needed all the rest he could get. He couldn’t help but envision Greg’s reaction when Sherlock takes the stand on behalf of himself. He felt terrible for what his friend may feel afterwards.
“your file states that the defendant is also your brother, is that correct?”
"Never love, never."
“you got here quick.” Greg said surprised
"Sherlock you can't just have people killed"
"It was 8 years ago last night"
"John I'll be fine I promise."
John hummed in agreement and in one unexpected fluid motion he took Sherlock’s cock into his fist and began stroking it. The detective gasped, “mmm… John”
"Why were you admitted to the hospital."
John had one arm wrapped around his lover’s waist and the other holding one of his hands. Victor exits the court room, a uniformed man at his side but distracted in conversation with another officer. John feels Sherlock tense under his hold and notices he doesn’t dare look in Victor’s direction- but not John. John stares challengingly at the abuser, a stare to cut glass and cold enough to cause a second ice age. But victor always did love a challenge; he leaned closer to the two men, glaring back at John, “ I can think of a better use for that pretty mouth than spewing all those lies to the jury.” He grinned menacingly. Although his eyes never left John’s, it was obvious the words were directed at Sherlock.
Hello darlings! I hope you all are enjoying this story! I love writing it, please comment and let me know what you think about it! Comments are like crack to me!
"No, not until you listen to me" Sherlock pleased.
"Fine. Shall we?" Mycroft questioned opening the door to the café. John nodded and walked in.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
"John"
“what brings you over here? Did something show up about my sister?” he asked anxiously. “no, unfortunately not. We are still analyzing samples and investigating suspects. I actually just wanted to see you and maybe ask you something.” Lestrade spoke smoothly, piquing Victor’s attention. “Oh? Alright. Well, I’m always happy to see you. Sorry couldn’t come by the station today, I’ve been trying to tend to this” he said pointing to his face. “I figured something had happened when you didn’t drop by, but I’m sad to find out you were hurt.” Greg said as he poured the amber liquid into the glasses on the coffee table. “I’ll be alright, besides-you’re here now.” Victor said as he leaned over to kiss Lestrade, who closed his eyes and leaned into his touch. Sherlock’s warning played in the back of his head, but he continually tried to push it out. This was all for the case, it didn’t mean anything, he was just playing a part…or at least that’s what he tried to convince himself of.
Stay safe and healthy, lots of love....always,
" really?"
"I thought you were going to hit me" Sherlock said, his voice trembling.
" will you be okay here by yourself today? I have to fill in, otherwise I wouldn't go."
" it's a stupid thing to ask"
“I won’t repeat myself again. I don’t want the case.”
Sherlock never did fall asleep; he spent the night with the man he loved pressed to his chest and snoring ever so softly. Normally sherlocks mind was too active during the night hours to just lay on the couch or in bed, but when john was next to him it was different. His mind felt at peace, far from empty, but he didn’t feel the constant need to move around making deductions or work on one of his many experiments. Since John had fallen asleep Sherlock had been reflecting on events of the past few days-the case with Victor Trevor’s sister, running Into his old dealer, his ever intensifying feelings about john….it all felt like so much but somehow he didn’t feel overwhelmed, he felt like John was to thank for that. Little to sherlocks knowledge he had been immersed in his thoughts for several hours and the time was quickly approaching for John to get up for work. Sherlock selfishly wished he didn’t have to go but knew john would be upset if he was late. Sherlock brought his hand up to johns’ shoulder and rubbed it gently “John…you should wake up now if you want to get to work on time.” The smaller man shuffled a bit but remained asleep. Sherlock moved out from behind him causing johns eyes to flutter open. Sherlock straddled him, leaning to his level and trailing kisses down his neck and his chest, still bare from the activities of last night. John wrapped his arms around the detective “but if I get up that means I don’t get to enjoy my sexy boyfriend kissing all over me.” He teased and earned a little smile from Sherlock who nestled his face into Johns’ neck “then just stay here today…” he mumbled. John smiled and let out a small chuckle even though he could hear the faint trace of a plea in Sherlocks voice. He kissed the top of sherlocks head, “I wish I could.” They rested in silence for a moment before John really did need to get up.
Sherlock nodded against John’s chest, " I shouldn't have said what I did either, and I'm sorry if it seems like I take you for granted but honestly John- I know how valuable you are and how lucky I am."
A quick smile swept over johns face " thank you, so do you."
"Alright. Want me to turn around while you get into the tub?"
"I told you, I was bored and you can't leave work, so I came here. Although it's not as intresting as I thought It would be."
“should I show you some of the ways I plan to distract you?” the doctor teased and gave a sly grin when Sherlock nodded frantically. He smoothly rolled Sherlock onto his back and positioned himself overtop of him. John kissed and bit at Sherlock’s smooth neck as the detective groaned below him, “sometimes I forget how strong you are” the detective trailed off.
"You should be more careful, London would collapse without you, so would a certain doctor I know." Angelo smiled fondly and Johns cheeks peaked red. "Alright, I'll leave you alone. Usual?"
Thank you for your patience, comments, kudos, bookmarks, and for just reading my work- It isn’t said lightly when I say It means so much to me. You all have fueled my love for writing that I feared had died out long ago, but now thrives more than ever. I said it in the bottom notes of the final chapter but I want to welcome you to ask ANY and ALL questions you have about this story. There may come a day when I decide to revisit these specific versions of Sherlock and John, but for now they, along with all of you all, will be lovingly tucked away in my heart and living out their days in peace at 221b Baker Street.
"Sherlock, stop." Sherlock did stop, immediately, " I'm sor-"
John sighed once again, “ I support you, if this is what you want to do. But, Sherlock, this isn’t going to be easy for me as your friend…or lover. Knowing how you feel about testifying, watching you go through that, knowing how hard it’s going to be for you is going to make it even harder for me.”
"Off early?" The detective asked
"Why not?"
"Did you cook"
John pushed through the crowd calling out for his lover. When Sherlock finally heard his name and he turned to look, John had already wrapped his arms around him in a tight embrace. The doctor grabbed the sides of his face, tears now falling from both of their eyes. “god, you’re so stupid” John sobbed before kissing him hard “you’re such an idiot.” He cried again. “I know” Sherlock mumbled against his lips. John replied by kissing him even harder. Sherlock let him, he held him in his arms with just as much conviction and kissed him with every bit as much relief and passion. When John finally pulled his mouth off his lovers, he let his head come to rest on his shoulder. The scene around them looked like the end of the world, but with the emotions between the two men- it felt like the beginning.
“ I gave us a bit of extra time this morning to get ready, just in case we needed it. So option number one, you can sleep in an extra twenty-five minutes, or you can join me in the shower…”
please please comment and let me know what you thought! I absolutely love hearing from you all! ALSO NOW THAT THIS STORY IS OVER I AM OPENING IT UP TO QUESTIONS! NOTHING IS OFF LIMITS, WHETHER IT BE ABOUT THE CHARACTERS, THEIR DEVELOPMENT, THE STORY LINE, QUESTIONS ABOUT ME, ANYTHING! I would love to answer anything you want more information <3  IN CASE YOU DON'T READ THE NEXT 'CHAPTER' thank you to every single one of you who have read, left kudos, commented on or bookmarked this story- it truly means the world. until next time, Stay safe and healthy...all the love, Anna.
"It's not your fault."
John turned around and Sherlock became confused, " where are you going?"
"Even dull things aren't quite as boring with you John."
When your mind is as active as Sherlock’s you can’t spend lingering moments counting sheep, you count doubts, insecurities, moments you wish you could change or have done differently. He began to worry if this could be the straw that broke the camel’s back for his and John’s relationship. Would John feel betrayed? Would he think Sherlock didn’t trust him or that their relationship had changed how they solved cases together? Worst of all, he had promised John he would never leave him again like he did when he faked his death. He promised he would never put him through something like that again. But what if he didn’t make it out of the tunnels alive…would John resent him even in death? These thoughts were all very valid and made the detective feel all the more guilty for leaving his lover behind.
" just whatever that comes natural."
The question caught Sherlock off guard, “ I don’t see how my relationship to her is pertinent to this part of the discussion.” The detective replied assertively.
“thank you!! We should meet up tomorrow with our lawyers, decide the best course of action.” Was the reply he got back.
"She flirted with you and gave you her number! You're my boyfriend john, seeing how desirable you are to other people isnt exactly appealing to me!"
"Fine. I'm going to change."
"Yes, I know it's not easy for you to but your doing so well."
“ so I went with him. He kept me in his home for several days and then took me to the airport. he drugged me as soon as we got into the cab in Paris and the next thing, I remember is waking up in a pitch-black cave. I had a small bag next to me with some water and cyanide pills.” Emily’s voice had started to tremor, and she breathed a sigh of relief when she finished her statement. When she looked towards her brother, she saw that his eyes were welling with tears.
"Of course you would have a long ass list."
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
The taxi dropped him off about one fourth mile away from the location he was meeting Billy. The entrance they were taking was an old water drain that now ran under one of the main roads and had a ladder that descended about 65 feet below street level, dropping them straight into the underground labyrinth. The rain had begun to pour halfway through his walk, making visibility limited. He reached the spot a few minutes before 3 AM, the agreed meeting time. He waited in the downpour, unable to locate the entrance on his own. A hand grabbed his shoulder and he jumped. “Aye, it’s just me.” The voice spoke, bringing his flashlight to shine on his face revealing only Billy. “Ready to go?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded.
"What do you think"
When John left Sherlock let every ounce of pain, hurt, shame, and regret wash over him. Tonight 8 years ago was the night Sherlock was raped. He sat there on the sofa and cried. He was trying not to do anything to harm himself because it would upset John but eventually he didn't care. He ran to the bathroom and purged before grabbing the razor he had hidden, removed his shirt and began cutting his arms and shoulders. It wasn't enough. He had to go deeper.
The answer was short and simple but so sweet.
“picked the wrong shoes, posh boy.” Billy teased “don’t feel too bad, there usually ain’t much water down here unless it’s raining hard- which it is now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He felt Sherlock nod.
John looked at him, lips pressed together in anticipation.
"When my brother was 17 he got into a relationship with a man named Victor."
NEW STORY UPDATE: I will be posting the first chapter of my new story ‘Suddenly All the Songs Were About You’ on January 15,2021! I will make the announcements on this story and also give you all a preview of the summary a few days before the story comes out! Until then, you can keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna I would love to interact with you all!
Sherlock stood in shock. John called HIM beautiful. No one had ever called him that.
“John” Sherlock spoke into their kiss
“often times Victor would have penetrative intercourse with people other than me, but he took fascination with inflicting pain on me, the worlds worst sadist.”
“what are you talking about?” the darker haired man questioned
"So are you John."
" have you eaten today"
"Leave, you will anyway"
“yeah, he dropped off a file for Lestrade while you were out.” Sherlock said casually. John nodded but gave him a look that obviously meant they were going to be talking about this later.
Sherlock stopped dead in his tracks and was surprised to feel tears prick the back of his eyes. “ that’s too mundane for me. You interview him and send me the transcript.”
"Sherlock just eat some of the fruit" John was growing frustrated with Sherlock’s stubbornness.
"Treat me like I'm broken. Even though I may be and only to you would I admit it, but I don't want you to treat me any different than you usually do."
He let go " don't call me that"
“So, you’re a goldfish now.” He stated, earning an appallingly confused look from the detective.
Sherlock stayed silent for a moment but when ms.hudson turned away he reached out and gently took her hand and pulled her into a hug and whispered very lowly "i love you "
Sherlock’s mouth fell open slightly, “ they knew that’s what you brought me in here for?! How did I not- I always-” Sherlock stumbled, bewildered by his lack of deductions, but John just grinned and kissed him once more. They crossed the threshold into the kitchen where Sherlock’s parents and Harry were waiting with anticipation and even Mycroft couldn’t deny the flickers of excitement he was feeling for his little brother. They were met with hugs and cheers of congratulations, kisses on cheeks and firm handshakes- everything was good.
“the Trevor case from a few days ago. I know you said you’re no longer interested in it but we really need the help. We’ve got absolutely no clue what has happened to this girl.”
"Fuck baths."
Blood was all over the once white tiles. The place looked like many murder scenes he had worked on. He was drifting in and out of consciousness  and knew this was not how John should find him. But he couldn't move. He picked up his phone and called John.
“Yes. Please, John. I just want to be alone for a bit.” Sherlock’s voice had returned to its normal tone, but John knew his boyfriend was still hurting.
(See the end of the chapter for
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
"Sherlock you haven't eaten in 3 days."
John became soft inside his lover and his cock slipped out, causing Sherlock to whine at the empty feeling. John’s come slowly dripped from Sherlock and fell into his neatly trimmed bed of soft blonde pubic hair and pelvic bone. Sherlock was still laying on top of John, his own ejaculate pressed between their bodies.
Sherlock said nothing but just kept reading his book.
"Try my best to help you"
John nearly spit the tea he had just taken a sip of, “What? Victor was over here?” his tone was filled with shock but tainted with anger as well.
It was the night before the trial, Sherlock and John both felt uneasy but continued on as if it were another day. When they settled into bed that night John pulled Sherlock onto his chest and played lazily with his curls while Sherlock traced stars around the entry point of John’s scar.
They said quick goodbyes and Greg left the room with only his broken heart.
“sounds to me like you have negligent parents. What couple leaves their college age son in charge of a child?” her question was redundant, and her voice burned into its listeners. Mr. and Mrs. Trevor lowered their eyes in shame. “ you had friends that you often stayed with, their parents never saw any of these bruises?”
“we wanted to stop by before we head back home.” His mother began, “ and in all the business of the past few days we forgot to invite you and John down for Christmas. You will come wont you?”
"No. I don't use any more. Goodbye."
John cleared his throat and straightened his posture, “you’ve got no idea how possessive I’m feeling.”
The detective nodded against his chest and looked up, pressing a kiss to his jaw, “are you?”
“can I have five minutes?” the dark-haired man mumbled sleepily, and John laughed quietly and agreed.
“ready” Sherlock sighed breathily.
"I could ask you the same." John’s tone was much calmer than it had been when he left the flat.
When he came out and got his coat he thanked John for caring for him and not leaving.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
"Tell Mycroft?"
“Now that you have agreed that my statements are accurate you may plea your case.” She said into the small microphone as she picked up a pen to take notes. Sherlock watched her every move. She was known for being impeccable at her job but infamously known for being rude to the individuals on the stand, never allowing her emotions to come into play. In many ways Sherlock related heavily to her, but worried if her intimidating demeanor would shake up an already nervous Emily.
000000000000000000000000000
Sherlock swallowed hard. While most people knew he had a problem with cocain, few knew he had also been addicted to heroine. Heroine was the best relationship he had ever had up until John. It was always there when he needed it, always knew how to comfort him, never hurt him, and never left him alone. Just talking about it made his skin burn with desire. He closed his eyes and took a moments to think before he answered. He had been clean for so long and was doing so well with at least that and John would be so upset if he started using again, even just once. But God how he craved to feel that needle in his skin and feel his mind start to relax.
"Come sit and eat with me yeah?" John spoke with a small plea in his voice.
(See the end of the chapter for
John forcefully grabbed Victor’s hand off of his thigh, squeezing it with all the anger he had kept pent up. In one quick motion John had Victor’s arm behind his back and was hovering over the vile man. “Did you touch him!” John seethed and Victor didn’t answer, only smirked. John took his other arm and pressed his forearm under Victor’s chin and forced his head backwards, straining over the back of the chair. John was far from gentle in his actions and it soon became obvious Victor was in pain. “Did you fucking touch him?” John spat in his face. Victor’s eyes showed little emotion, “how could I not?” John pushed Victor’s head back even more until he was begging him to stop, John did stop but he didn’t release the pressure, “Listen to me. This case isn’t about you or your sister to me. I don’t care if you sister fucking rots and you never see her or find closure, if it means Sherlock is kept safe from you. I will not allow you to so much as breathe in the wrong direction towards him. And when I find out what you’ve done to him when I’m not around- and I WILL find out- I will put you in a state so horrific you’ll wish you were burning with the devil himself.” John got off of Victor and took a few deep breaths. Victor returned to sitting how he had previously been, not saying a word to John and looking seemingly unaffected by the events that had just unfolded. John however was consumed in rage and a hint of guilt for leaving his boyfriend at any time during this case. The knowledge that Victor had put his hands back on Sherlock in some kind of way made John want to forget his moral code, the oaths he had taken as both a doctor and soldier and destroy the man sat in front of him; but instead he sat with his hand nearly shaking in anger.
"John"
Mrs Hudson arrived within the hour and immediately showered Sherlock with unwanted light hugs, kisses to his hair and face, and an outrageous amount of "oh Sherlock, what have you done to your self" and " my poor baby"
"Yes, John Watson, I work just a few blocks away and occasionally come here for specific patients."
John’s hands were clenching the white sheets beneath him, he was getting too close and wasn’t ready for this to be over. Just as he was about to beg Sherlock to give that sensitive spot a rest, the detective seemed to read his mind and move his efforts even lower. John watched as the dark curls sank lower between his strong thighs and gasped loudly as he felt Sherlock take one of his balls into his hot, velvety mouth. Sherlock had never done this before, and John had never experienced it until now. Sherlock looked up at him through those beautiful dark lashes and John let out a throaty groan. John cupped his hand under Sherlock’s jaw and brought him up for a passionate kiss. Sherlock kissed his way down John’s toned body, letting his tongue trace over some of the more defined muscles and suck gently on his nipples for just a moment.
"I suppose Victor never cuddled or held you close then."  John said his name as if it was vial tasting.
" you might not hate it if-"
John sighed and got up, putting his clothes’ back on. “So, we’re just not going to talk about it?” he asked, a hint of frustration evident in his voice. Sherlock laid on his back and pulled the covers over his body in shame. He took a deep breath, “you did everything right John. You shouldn’t blame yourself for anything, I certainly don’t.” Sherlock was in pain, deep heart wrenching pain but he knew he couldn’t fix it all in this moment.
“then figure out a different way. plus, I’m sure you will be able to think of a few ways to distract me from victors impending sentence in the evenings following the trail.” Sherlock said between kisses to John’s jaw.
***********************************************
"Someone is here to see you."
The question caught John off guard in the moment, but it wasn’t entirely unexpected. “oh God yes, Sherlock.” He let his response linger in the space between them. “but we don’t need to have that conversation right now. What matters the most to me now is that you are safe and back with me.” John’s voice had shifted from harsh to understanding as the sentence unfolded.
Sherlock moved quickly from the room and slammed his bedroom door shut before collapsing on the bed and crying. At this time he didn't care how weak he seemed. His chest ached with the grief and pain from hearing John's harsh words. Freak, he had been called that since he started school. Most of the time it didn't bother him, not in the slightest. He didn't care when Donovan or Anderson said it, they didn't matter. To hear John, the person who had always been there for him, who lived with him, who put up with him everyday, the first person Sherlock ever loved, to hear him say it destroyed him.
“Sherlock Holmes, that shit doesn’t work on me. Eat the damn bar.” She said only half joking. Her phrasing reminded him of John. “so how is he in bed.” She asked suddenly and Sherlock nearly choked on the food.
" can I?" He asked
"Greg!" He shouted when he saw the DI.
“no, I’ve not let anyone in today I figured you must have. I came up when I heard him leave a few moments ago.” Mrs. Hudson looked at Sherlock with a knowing stare. Mrs. Hudson always saw through his façade. She knew he was nervous that he didn’t know what was going on.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“do you have any water left?” she asked hopeful
“Right. Sorry I had to leave, but it’s all situated now.” Lestrade said as he hung up his coat. “John, thanks for coming down and helping out. Sorry for any inconvenience.”
“Sherlock, this isn’t a game. I know you enjoy this sort of thing but there is a young girl missing and relying on us to find her. There is no time for drawing this one out. Now who took her?” Lestrade scolded.
The next day Sherlock was in great spirits, even eager to go to the trial. John was filled with more nerves than maybe any other day, worried Victor wouldn’t be charged appropriately or that Sherlock wouldn’t be believed. Sherlock met with his parents outside the courthouse, his mother doting on him with gentle touches and too many kisses. Mycroft smirked at his little brother squirming under the affection.
AUTHORS NOTE
While their morning had been filled with pleasant conversation and lazy kisses, it was too good to last. Sherlock’s phone rang and his chest tightened when he saw Lestrade’s name appear. He set down his cup of tea, “morning” he said in a mildly annoyed tone. “good morning, I’ve got Emily Trevor’s brother down here at the yard filling out the waivers and other paperwork, come on down and we can start the interview.” Lestrade stated very casually. Sherlock’s stomach felt tight and his hands wanted to tremble, but he refused to let them. “I’ll be there in half an hour,” Sherlock said, hanging up the phone, not waiting for a reply from the detective inspector. John had listened from the kitchen where he was reading the paper, “Lestrade?” he asked with a half-smile. Sherlock nodded, “Victor is at his office, we are conducting the interview today.” The mood of the flat changed in an instant, the tension in the air was almost tangible. “Alright, let me get dressed.” John said calmly as he walked towards Sherlock, taking his hands in his own and admiring his long, slender fingers. “it will be okay. I’m here, I love you.” John said in the best reassuring voice he could muster. Sherlock only nodded before stepping back and making his way to his room.
(See the end of the chapter for
After he had finished up with Lestrade, Sherlock left NSY and walked aimlessly through the streets of London. He thought deeply about his life. What he liked about it and what he didn't like about it. He thought of ways to make him a better person and specifically a better boyfriend. He had come to terms that the relationship he once had was not healthy and not how he should compare his relationship with John to. His mind began to flood with thoughts of John leaving him because he couldn't be intimate and had problems. Without focusing on walking he didn't notice there was a person walking toward him. He ran into them and looked up to see a man he couldn't forget but never remember his name.
(See the end of the chapter for
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
AUTHORS NOTE
(See the end of the chapter for
PS. I'm thinking my update schedule will be every other Wednesday until the story is complete.
John placed his hand on the side of Sherlock face and gently guided it upwards so that he could kiss him with ease. He kept one hand in his hair and the other holding Sherlock’s body close to his own. John moves his lips in sync with his lovers, enjoying the connection between them. John’s hand wondered down the detectives back until his grip was filled with Sherlock plush arse. The taller man let out a pleasured groan and John smiled into the kiss, “tell me what you need.”
“okay, I’ll be back within the hour.” He said giving Sherlock a quick kiss and heading out of the flat.
Not long had passed when Mrs. Hudson opened the downstairs door and Greg was soon entering their little flat.
Sherlock heard two sets of footsteps treading down the hall. He instantly recognized them as
"Doesn't matter, I'm never having sex again. Sorry, you'll leave in approximately 3 months"
They drove to the lab at St. Bart’s hospital and Lestrade said his goodbyes to John and Sherlock and offered to take Victor back to his home. “Actually” Victor replied “I’d like to stay here in the lab to see what shows up on those slides. I want to be as involved in this case as I can.” Lestrade didn’t think twice before granting him permission to stay, causing John and Sherlock to internally groan.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
AUTHORS NOTE
“no.”
“it was exclusive to oral. The plug was always kept inside me during these times.” The judge nodded for him to continue. “ the events happened at least once every week but more often than not, multiple times. I’m sure your wondering what finally made me leave. I wish I had a key moment that made things change but I didn’t. there just came a day that I knew I had to leave before he killed me. Your honor, I believe one day he would have killed me. I packed all my things and left while he was at work one day. I moved cities, I switched to an exclusive private university, and I created a job and began trying to forget the five years I spent with this vile human being. I have suffered the consequences of substance abuse, eating disorders and self-mutilation that have led to hospitalization on many occasions, not to mention severe emotional and mental trauma. I don’t want your sympathy not pity, I ask that you and the jury will consider the evidence and testimony given and make the right decision to remove this dangerous man from society.” Sherlock felt lightheaded and was grateful to quickly take a seat.
" do you have a certain way of washing your hair?"
"Of what?"
“I’m sorry, I…I’m just really cold. I should have known not to touch you” she rambled barely above a whisper and began to detach herself from the taller man.
" I had one beer. You can go check if you need to."
Hi everyone! i hope you are doing well! Im so sorry for the two week hiatus, finals ended last week (YAY!!) but unfortunately i've had terrible writers block. i cant even tell you how many times i've sat down to write a chapter and felt like it was going no where. so today i forced myself to write this and it really helped. so this chapter may not be my best but it was definitely what i needed to get me back in the groove of things, i may even be in the mood to write and post another one tonight. I really do hope you enjoy it anyway! I hope you all are staying safe and healthy, lots of love <3
“ a victim in a case I was assigned to solve.”
John groaned loudly and pet Sherlock’s head, “ god, you’re going to kill me.”
Sherlock went to bed that night happier than he could ever remember being. John wanted him, even with all of his flaws. He was the only person he had ever met who would put up with his sulking and not be mad at him on a regular basis. In one word Sherlock felt loved. That night Sherlock fell asleep with a smile on his face.
0000000000000000000000000000
Sherlock nodded. he was still naked and freaking out on the inside, but his body didn't have to strength to show it on the outside.
“Earlier today when you were getting ready.”
"Let's go have lunch then, I'll buy"
The doctor reached for the lube he kept in his bedside table, “lay over my lap, baby.” John said softly and Sherlock was quick to comply with the request. John spread those gorgeous cheeks once more and put a bead of lube on the area and his finger, smiling as Sherlock gasped at the cold. “it will warm up.” John reassured him as he traced his fingers around the pale pink hole and in the same pattern, he had done with his tongue moments before. When Sherlock was relaxed John slowed down just a bit, “I’m going to apply some pressure and put one finger in, okay?” John asked and saw Sherlock nod. John did exactly as he said he was going to and soon had a finger resting inside of Sherlock. It didn’t hurt, but it wasn’t pleasurable yet, Sherlock thought. It just felt strange. “I’m going to move a bit.” John spoke softly and began to slowly work his finger in and out of Sherlock as he whispered affirmations and rubbed the detectives back. It wasn’t long before John found that sensitive bundle of nerves he had been searching for and Sherlock jolted. “oh my god. John, John what- do that again.” Sherlock said with a small beg evident in his tone. “ I fully intend to keep doing it, baby.” John said with a smirk, brushing the nerves over and over again, Sherlock was getting close and John could tell, “ I’m going to keep doing it until you come undone on my lap.” Sherlock groaned at John’s words. He was rutting into John’s lap as John kept pushing his finger in and out. “mmm, John. John, I’m going to cum.” He moaned softly. “you’re incredible Sherlock, cum for me. Cum in my lap, baby.” John whispered and that was all it took for Sherlock to shoot his seed across John’s thighs. John slowly removed his digit from Sherlock’s hole, causing the detective to feel a bit empty.
There had been no alarm set, given the sleep schedule was already messed up. When Sherlock opened his eyes, the clock was flashing two in the afternoon. John was still asleep, and the detective watched him fondly for a few moments. A wicked grin came across his face as he began to sink slowly under the duvet. John’s long thick cock was resting against his tanned thigh and Sherlock bit his lip as his mouth watered at the sight. He let his head come to rest on John’s hip and licked his lips until they were glistening with anticipation. He cupped his hand at the base of John’s penis and took the dark pink tip into his mouth. He sucked and licked slowly and with caution at first, but as the deep pit of arousal formed low in his belly, he began to bob his head up and down with enthusiasm. John began to stir awake, initially thinking he was having an incredibly realistic dream-but this was real. John moaned in his deep morning voice, “mmm Sherlock. What are you doing...” he trailed off and he moved the covers to the side to watch his boyfriend. Sherlock pulled off of his cock with a small popping sound, “I promised you a ‘later’ a few days didn’t I?” he asked and John nodded remembering when they first arrived at the room “ I always make good on my promises.” He said taking John’s cock back into his mouth. He gently tugged and rolled John’s balls in his hands as he felt John’s growing cock hit the back of his throat. He turned his attention to licking just under John’s glands, eliciting an incredibly erotic response from the shorter man “oh fuck…Sherlock, don’t stop please.” The detective smirked, he had no intentions of stopping anytime soon.
Sherlock quickly realized what he said, " John, don't. I-"
Sherlock took yet another long drag, " what, no goodnight kiss?" He scowled.
"Why would I leave"
"I .AM.FINE!" With that Sherlock stomped out of the room and slammed his door.
John sighed and tipped Sherlocks chin up to look at him " the Victor tha-"
AUTHORS NOTE
John’s mouth turned into a wide smile and he leaned over to kiss Sherlock’s jaw, “Let’s do that. Its been twenty years since I’ve been to France, I’d like to stay a few days.”
"Morning?"
Sherlock smiled and John could feel it against his bare chest, “really good…” he trailed off “like I want to go again.”
Greg and Victor lay pressed against one another, basking in the afterglow of their second fuck of the night when a hard knock rapt on the door. They both quickly put some boxers on and Lestrade opened the entrance to the room. Officers came in and detained them both, but quickly releasing Lestrade after showing his ID and badge. Victor rambled for words and tried to fight the officers to no avail. Lestrade watched with tears brimming his eyes as Victor was taken away. It was for the best.
The detective had set down in his chair and steepled his fingers beneath his chin. “ I think we are going to have to take him with us.” Sherlock spoke up, earning very confused looks from John and Greg both.
John returned to the flat at 6:07 and Sherlock informed him he needed to get ready and dressed.
“you’re not seriously-” John stood up from his chair and the judge was quick to reprimand him.
“I’m not injured.” She said, “Do you have more water?”
"He's right." John spoke abruptly
"Why? They wouldn't know."
"Why? I never do the shopping?"
"John, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said what I did. It was wrong and way out of line. I didn't mean it. I-I was angry because, John it really hurts to remember everything and-" A single tear had fallen from sherlocks eye and John moved to wipe it away and Sherlock all but screamed and shied away
“is that your only relationship to her?”
" thank you, how much do you weigh mr.Holmes?"
Victor didn’t respond. They sat there staring at one another for several minutes. “have you found anything out. Where she might be, who might have taken her?” Victor finally asked, breaking the silence.
Victor came closer to where Sherlock stood, this time Sherlock didn’t back away. “He’s very handsome Sherlock, I can see why you like him” he brought his hand up to Sherlock’s neck and ran his fingers down it and over the love bite under his jawline. “it looks like he likes you too. Does he make you feel special? Tell you you’re so smart and impressive? The pretty ones always are stupid. You’re pretty too, always have been-I can see why you two fell for one another.” Victor still had his fingers caressing Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock struggled to speak with what felt like a massive lump in his throat, he felt nearly paralyzed in fear. “ Oh, another one” Victor smirked in amusement as he moved Sherlock’s shirt collar to the side and now began tracing the purple mark near his collar bone. He looked up at the dark headed man and gave him a sinister smile before leaning forward and licking over the bruise. “hmm, how far do these things go down?” he taunted as he began trying to undo one of Sherlock’s top buttons. Sherlock quickly grabbed his hand and took a step closer to Victor, “Don’t touch me.” Sherlock seethed and shoved away Victor’s’ hand, once again moving to the opposite side of the room.
"What? Are you okay?!" He looked panicked.
“I have you saying in your statement you were subjected to ‘acts of depravity and sexual torture’ can you elaborate?” her eyes scanned over the papers that laid before her. Some including pictures of Sherlock from his days in the university orchestra where there are visible bruises.
John sighed in frustration and began looking for a cab.
The judge said nothing.
“about the abuse. About what he did to me…and you.” Her voice trembled slightly.
"Doctor Watson do you want to know the truth or a lie about Sherlock Holmes" Mycroft inquired.
Their flight was set to leave later that afternoon. John would be lying if he said he wasn’t upset that their spontaneously planned extra couple of days in the city was cut short because of Sherlock’s extra time in the catacombs and the next day being spent in bed for the most part. Sherlock had promised they would return to the city soon and make up for the lost time.
“and I couldn’t imagine not even being ten years old and suffering the same physical blows I endured. It’s all relative.” He spoke with conviction and mild anger, the topic obviously a sensitive one.
He started to shake his head and insist he was fine, but Emily was also breaking apart the cereal bar, “and eat.” She added on.
“did you ever witness her brother be mentally or physically abusive towards her?”
AUTHORS NOTE
"3rd floor of the building room 345" she said waving her hand toward the building.
"Breakfast?"
I really hope you all enjoy this chapter! Thank you all so much for over 9,000 reads- it means so much to me! SO A LITTLE UPDATE: This story is approximately 10 or less chapters from COMING TO AN END... however, feedback from you all could potentially change a few things. I could either end this story with an epilogue or do a continuation/spin off that will basically just be chapters of sherlocks progression, his and johns relationship, and will definitely include lots of smut and fluff as Sherlock continues to recover and grow.
“I do, my therapist who also treated Emily.” He spoke and Emily turned to him, eyebrows furrowed in confusion.
John and Sherlock had been back home for less than a full day when Ms. Hudson called up the stairs that they had a visitor. Sherlock and John both had already given their full statements to Lestrade for the case and were just awaiting the trial date. Emily entered their flat with a friendly but soft-spoken hello. John moved from his chair to greet her at the door and Sherlock looked up curiously from his microscope, something in his gut telling him this was more than a friendly visit.
"Point is I was told I would have a female therapist and now there is a man with mild halitosis, 3 cats, an ex wife, and a current blonde girlfriend standing in the middle of my flat. Mycroft scheduled a female for a reason."
Sherlock was close to physically squirming due to how uncomfortable this conversation felt. He knew exactly why he had to now take this case and the consequences of not doing may be worse than going along with it. He took a deep breath, “fine, but I want to hear everything from you and the other detectives, I don’t want to waste my time going to the scene or talking with friends and family of the victim. And I do not want my name associated with this case.”
Sherlock reluctantly took his hand and sat back down on the sofa. John started kissing sherlocks neck, " no, I don't feel like kissing John. Not right now."
She took a small sip and handed it back to him, “you should drink some too.”
John was quick to take his hand and give it a firm squeeze. Sherlock just stared straight ahead.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
I hope you all are well! Thank you so much for staying with me<3
"Are you sure?"
Sherlock placed his hand over one of hers, “it’s fine.”  ‘I’ll do whatever I can to help you. This isn’t about me.’ He said to himself …or at least he thought he had until Emily replied. “you’re selfless, I wouldn’t have blamed you if you never even tried to find me.”
" Tell me what's wrong"
When he finally composed himself, Sherlock reached to turn off the shower water; accepting defeat that no matter what he did he was going to feel gross for some time. Just as he began to turn the tap off, he spotted John’s body wash on the corner of the tub. He saturated his sponge in the gel like liquid and rubbed it over his body letting it soak into his skin as he breathed in deep. The scent of John surrounded him and for at least a few moments he was at ease.
"Yes! I'm trying to apologize it but you aren't letting me!" Sherlock was fighting back the tears that pricked his eyes.
Perhaps it would be seen as inappropriate but John couldn’t stop the smile that tugged at the corners of his mouth. He comfortingly caressed his thumb over Sherlock’s skin of their intertwined hands.
“this will be taken into consideration.” She paused, “ you may redress.”
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
Sherlock washed his own body except his left arm and got out of the tub before quickly wrapping a towel around him.
“Only enough to get around, I’m not as fluent as I would like to be” Sherlock said opening the door for John to step into their suite.
“will you go to Tesco and get some things for our trip tomorrow? We will leave early in the morning.” he said, catching John off guard.
John looked up at him inquisitively, “Sherlock, I know today has been challenging and you have done incredibly well, but…” John stopped himself. He knew today had been unimaginably difficult on Sherlock, maybe now wasn’t the time to push him to eat.
“No.”
"I suppose not."
John was already putting on his coat. " what's wrong? Sherlock! Listen I need you to stay on the phone."
"Sherlock," John cut in sharply, "big or little spoon?"
"Do you forgive me?"
AUTHORS NOTE
He and Sherlock both were addicts in their own respect and were in need of a fix. Two different kinds of fixes, but both that felt good in the moment and shame in the after. John held himself to a high standard, always dedicated to helping rather than hurting, but he couldn’t be the good doctor all the time. He had once head butted a member of Scotland yard for calling Sherlock a weirdo, if you ask him- he showed Victor mercy.
John lay Sherlock on the bed and crawled overtop of him, kissing biting and sucking down his neck making sure to leave a few more marks that Sherlock could be proud of. As he kissed down Sherlock’s body, he replayed Sherlock admitting that he wanted people to know he was John’s. The thought turned John on immensely and he palmed at his cock for relief.
"Breakfast?" Sherlock asked, "I'll buy."
“yes, you look beautiful- as always.” He stood on his toes and kissed him as they stood on the sidewalk waiting for a cab.
Sherlock laughed sarcastically, " no you don't! You just want to feel more special than everyone else, you want to think I care about you, but guess what John I don't! You mean nothing to me! Your nothing but a run-down soldier with an addiction to adrenaline and using me for your fix!"
Under the city, Emily was fast asleep in Sherlock’s lap. The detective had drifted in and out of consciousness over the last hour but more often found himself thinking of how happy he would be to once again be in John’s arms. How he would never take for granted the small touches, the kisses, the pet names, and the warm embraces that John seemed to never run out of. He had come face to face with the world’s most dangerous criminals, but nothing scared him more than being out of his depth like he was now. Suddenly there was a sizzling noise, it continued for a few seconds. Sherlock began diving into his memory of noises that could sound similar-rattlesnakes, pressurized gasses, fireworks—explosives. The detective shook Emily’s shoulder roughly and called her name, there was no time to be gentle. She startled awake, “what, what is it?” Sherlock was quick to shush her and listened again. He stood up quickly and drug her to the back part of the small cavern they were in. He pressed her against the wall and let his body tower over hers. Emily was confused and visibly worried but didn’t dare say a word. In a split second there was a blinding flash of light, a deafening loud noise, and the smell of heat and flammable compounds filled the air. They both coughed, choking on the stagnant hot air. Above them some of the sediment begin to shake and Sherlock broadened his stance, “Cover your head!” Emily did as he asked, and he did the same. Rocks and large chunks of the ceiling crashed around them, parts of the walls cracked and crumbled.
Sherlock didn't replay but leaned down to kiss John instead.
“I don’t know anything for sure yet, but I have some ideas.” Sherlock replied.
John completely forgot how close he had been and knelt down beside Sherlock.
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
A tall man with slicked back hair moved from the crowd and stood next to Victor at the podium. Sherlock reached for John at the same time John had reached for him. This man, this so-called therapist was the same man who had been visiting Sherlock several times a week since his incident in the hospital. Sherlock turned his head quickly to look at Mycroft. The younger Holmes face was twisted with anger but softened when his brothers’ eyes met his with confusion.
" sorry, should have clarified that"
Get updates and keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna
“where else?” Sherlock said as his voice fluctuated to a higher tone. “Where do the best criminals hide things? In plain sight. He has put her under the city with thousands of other bodies and bones. It could be years before she is found and no one would ever bat an eye at another set of bones even if they are out of place.”
“I see,” Emily said pulling his coat tighter around her “ anyway, when I told him I had known about what he did to you he threatened me. I was angry and unafraid. I told him I didn’t care what he thought would happen, that I had made my mind up. I even went as far as telling him if it came between me and him that you would testify in my favor. He switched his demeanor, apologized, and said he needed some time to think. He left as I was taking my dog out, held a knife to my throat and I followed him. He kept me at his apartment for a long time-I don’t even know how many days I’ve been missing. He brought me to Paris, blind folded me and guided me down here. He gave me some water and two cyanide pills as a form of mercy. They’re in the makeup bag still, I was hoping someone would find me before it came to that.”
