The man then walks toward them, his pace quickening with each step. Jack is worried, he isn’t ready to fight anyone yet but then he sees the massive smile on the man’s face. The man tackles Berserker with a hug, raises him up, and spins him around.
“I’m not following,” Aaron admits. “What the hell is happening?”
When Claire was a few months old, an Angel possessed the body of her father. Her mother told her that her father would talk to the static of their old television set or would listen intently to the white noise of the in-between of radio channels. They were a religious couple but when her dad one day spoke of an Angel telling him he was its true Vessel, it concerned her mother. He said there was nothing to be afraid of, that the Angel will ensure them a prosperous and safe life. One night, her father just left them, grabbed a trench coat and disappeared in a flash of light. It was a Thursday.
Charlie turns to Castiel, “Yeah, Cas. Do you really think she’ll give up any information about
“I don’t need no idjit sucking up my balls, Cas. I didn’t even get to kill them.”
He tries to remember everything that happened but it’s all a blur to him. That last thing he does remember is being injected with something and thrown inside a body bag.
The box with the city’s bird’s eye view shifts to ground level along with facial recognition software working its magic. The camera changes a lot but focuses on a tall handsome man.
There’s the Hunter’s name with his father’s name again. Jack stares at Dean’s mugshot on the screen.
“Kevin, pull up nearby security cameras,” She commands and the feed changes.
When Frankenstein sees the perimeter around him, he laughs maniacally, and a police officer with a raised gun approaches him. “You don’t want to do this, officer,” he says to the approaching cop.
Man of Letters after all, one of the world’s first Superheroes. Now he’s trying his best to kill less people and save more. Claire smiles to herself, proud of the fact that her father had a hand in the better direction Dean’s headed to.
Henriksen returns the tablet to Nancy. “Do you know who that was?” he asks.
“That suit you have on is already worth fifty-million. With your government salary…?” Bobby scoffs and then smirks at him. “Plus, this is already paid for!”
of that.”
Charlie grins wide, sheepish, “I’m sorry. I’m a little excitable.”
On the phone is a video of a young blond man saving a cat from a tree. He is wearing a brown and gold suit, wings visible for all to see, and a golden eye mask covers a chunk of his face. She’s seen Jack in so many Halloween masks that she’s certain that that’s her brother.
“We’ll talk business later,” the Scott promises him. “Right now, I want to enjoy breakfast. It
What’s more surprising is how it could talk despite not having an actual throat. And its lack of tact. “I only use blunts,” Aaron defends himself. “It calms me down.”
“Does Jack know that you’re doing this with Dean?”
“I just—I never encountered your name in my studies before,” Jack divulges. “I guess there’s just so many Servants that there’s really no way to observe and record each and every one,” he says, mostly to himself. He might bring it up with Lord El-Melloi after the War.
Jack wakes up in his bedroom. The events of last night still stewing in his mind. The first thing he does is call his grandparents and tell them that the summoning was a success. They ask about his servant and he gives them broad strokes, he doesn’t really know anything anyway. He told them he was powerful but left out that he’s a Fallen angel (which he has to research later). And he told them he was from a powerful class and wielded a sword (but didn’t tell them he wasn’t a Saber-class Servant). They wished him good luck and they dropped the call.
A silver short sword drops down from the angel’s right sleeve and he raises it, eyes glowing a bluish white, vague impression of wings on the wall.
“Please excuse Ms. Waiting-for-a-lawsuit here,” Ben quipped as he wiped his mouth with a napkin, balled it, and threw it at Maggie. “She’s perpetually high.”
Dean is fuming, “The things he did to her, Sam, she deserved to have her revenge!”
“And how’re you so sure, little bro,” Claire humored him.
“Dean, I’m perfectly fine—” Castiel tries to protest but Dean pokes at his left side and he winces in pain.
“You’re getting sentimental, old man,” Claire says as she takes a seat on the map table.
Aaron just now notices the massive magic circle around them, the Arc, and a woman on the floor, whimpering.
Dean laughed, “So you
“Pastor Jim,” Berserker nods the supervisor and turn to the other man, “Sam Winchester. I imagine it’s been years for you since we met.”
Her father smirks. “But you have to apply for a license. I can’t have you operate illegally.”
Jesse laughs hard, “Captain Long Hair?” He wipes tears in his eyes as Jack throws a throw (
When Claire was about to answer with the most scandalous thing she could think of, Dean shouts from the hall, “No sex, you two! We’re expecting guests.”
“Well, he did see your dad yesterday. So…” Sam huffs.
He beamed at his other dad who was completely flushed. He always did notice his parents’ staring contests but he always thought it came with being together for as long as they have.
Bobby takes the tablet from Castiel which he completely forgot he was holding. “Get in position. You know what to do,” the gruff man says.
“I am twenty-two,” Jack shares with a smile.
Dean turns to look at her as Kaia walks away. “Forty-two is not
“Easy, lady! We don't want to hurt you,” the bearded man says.
She ran and ran until she hit the back-end of a tan trench coat and pulled on the fabric. The man turned and she recognized his face from all the photos hanged on the walls of their house and the albums that her mother kept at the back of the cabinet in their room. “Daddy!” she called out.
“You mean that?”
“Cats?” Jack’s brows furrowed, “You just told me that not 30 minutes ago.”
And Claire raises her brow, anger glistening in her eyes, “You think that low of us to send us away?”
“So what do we think of Jesse?” Castiel asked, lifting his husband’s half-eaten burger from its plate across the table.
“Hey,” Jesse fake protests. He snaps his fingers and the phone is back in his hand. “I think it’s adorable. Besides, look at this.”
Angel looks around and sees a young man in a stretcher, being loaded into an ambulance, his face obscured by long wavy hair and the oxygen mask on him. He assumes that that was Frankenstein’s victim that they just saved. “Affirmative, I’m on my way home.”
Sam manages to manually turn off the alarm system in the control room and is on the phone with someone. Eileen is immediately on the magical typewriter the Men of Letters use to safely contact other chapter houses. Dean leaves and comes back with a blanket for Cas who is still feeling the effects of the surge of energy just now.
“I think it’s a good movie, you know?” said Jesse.
Jack never thought he’d love spending time with Jesse. Yes, the amount of time they spent coincidentally taking things out from their lockers at the same time these past few years was admittedly longer than the past two days. But to spend time with him as an actual decision made it feel so much more.
Purgatory was the most horrible thing that happened in the past 10 years Dean was active as the Hunter. And Sam knows better than to press further. “How’s Mia?”
And with Bobby’s last words he nods to Ash. The mullet-man pulls at his blanket with a flourish and mimics trumpet sounds as much as his throat and closed mouth could. Underneath is the body suit Castiel had asked Bobby, for Jack, if and when he decided to follow in his footsteps.
Jack shakes himself. “Yes, I am. I’m Jack Kline!” he says, hand outstretched towards the angel.
“What about him?”
Jesse laughed, more to himself than at what Jack said. “If you told me that before I would’ve asked you out sooner.”
“Oh okay,” Jack nods. “You also have the same Noble Phantasm, it would definitely confuse the other pairs too. I wonder what this Charlie’s Servant could do.”
“So it’s a date then?” he asked boldly.
“Those People?” said Jack, sounding every word.
“I left because of the painting, Jack,” he says. He reaches out and tucks a few hair strands, clinging on Jack’s cheek, behind the young man’s ear.
“What are the different classes?”
From inside the car Kaia joined in, “She’s been planning this for weeks!”
A beam of light flashes on their delighted faces and they immediately sit right up. There was a man holding a flashlight towards them, his brown skin gleaming wet like the giant stone they’re on. The man smiles, nods to both of them, and leaves.
"What do you mean?" I already know what he means, but I don't want to talk about it
"Damn, you look rough." He says I roll my eyes. I'm well aware that I look like shit.
" What can I say. I take my craft seriously"
"No one was talking to you lucifer." belphegor spat
Cas POV:
It hit me how much I miss home. How much I miss my own bed, pillows and blankets. I miss the quiet maids that would always smile at me. The chef would always make me extra honey buns and he would never bat an eye. I miss everyone even my dads handmaiden who I'm 80% sure kinda wanted to kill me in my sleep.
" whatever. at least let me help you clean up. we have lunch soon and you can't go looking like you just murdered some one." he starts walking to the bathroom and I follow him. I sit down on the toilet seat and I see Cas take out a wash cloth and some alcohol
Castiels POV
" Dean, you may be a prince, but I am your king. When I ask you something, you do it. Understand?"
"Well now you have seen it. So go away I'm trying to read...alone." I look back down at my book
"Wait, what are you sorry for?" Dean says
"You know, alistair? I am so tired of piece of shits like you who think they are better than everyone else. You go around thinking you are entitled to everything and everyone." I get up into his face "Well guess what you can't" I stand back up and roll up my sleeves
I walk into my bedroom and see cas there reading a book. God does he ever put a book down and look around, like how interesting could those things be.
I didn't really feel like talking to anyone but I should cherish the time that I have with him because I don't know how much time I have left here.
I walk into the bedroom that is 3 doors down and set down my pillow and blanket( the room has blankets but I don't know when was the last time they were cleaned ) I don't bother to read any of my book because I am too tired. I blow out the candle and go to sleep.
"You look good ,like a grown man" he says in a proud tone
"So....how's the hubby?"  the blonde asked me.
"There is no reason to be angry when you did that action out of the love in your heart." I see his breath hitch when I say love. I know dean has trouble with his feelings. These last few weeks have been proof of that. It's not like I've been any better, I haven't been very open with him either. But we communicate in different ways and sometimes that is enough.
I stand up straight and start to walk down the aisle. And I step up to the alter.
" Whatever you still got Garthed. Anyway how is married life going for ya?"
"Me too, cas ,Me too " I mutter.
"It was good me and John came to a solution"
"19!? Dad, he is just a kid not to mention that he is an royal angel so he will totally have a stick up his ass"
"Listen dean you don't want to do this" Alistair says. Here comes the begging. I've heard this before many, many , many times. It's all the same 'you don't have the guts', 'you don't want to do this', or the classic 'this isn't you' it's all the same at the end of the day.
"I'm not going to say sorry for something that I'm not sorry for. Like I said last night castiel I have needs, you won't satisfy my needs so I went elsewhere" He shrugs and sits on the bed to the  cuffs on his shirt.
I walk out of the room and make my way to the dungeon
"First off I can tell it will be a nice day because it's not too hot or too cold and the birds are chirping which means it will be a good day. Second who likes waking up before nine. Those are the ungodly hours"  Sam starts to chuckle
"He's all yours" Gabriel walks over and pats me on the shoulder.
"Yeah, but we hung out yesterday and the day before and many other days" I move over to sit on a stool that was on the side
"Yeah, neither does heaven. I know one other option but I don't think that it would work, I mean unless you have a son or daughter "
"Ok"I said and she left
"Too many" he sighs and gets up and walks over to the mini bar and takes out 2 glasses and pours liquor in them. He walks back over to me and hands me a glass
I walk out into the kitchen and open the pantry and get a bunch of cookies then I go to the freezer and get a gallon of cookies and cream ice cream.
"I'm still pissed at you for cheating, but I will get over it eventually. I know that you think I'm being unreasonable but in heaven marriage is a very serious thing that we don't take lightly arranged or not. And adultery isn't tolerated. I ask that you respect that at least. or if you do sleep with other people. try and hide it better than you did  last night" I look at him in the eye and he nods.
I pulled myself together and I looked at the priest and said the words that would seal my fate
I read the letter and when I finished I was ecstatic this war could finally end.I decided to write john back.
"I'm sure your not here to call me a hoe. So if I may ask why are you here" I say using my best manners so this conversation can be over with
"You're gonna get it" I see out of the corner of my eye I see his fist raise and I close my eyes but the punch never comes. I open my eyes and I see sam pulling alastair off of me.
I was in my room making out with some chick. Caitlyn? Cathrine? Cassie! that's what her name was. Any way a guard comes knocking on my door but i just ignored  it . Then this dud didn't get the gist and knocked again.
After I finish getting in my sleeping clothes  and dean is finished brushing his teeth. We both crawl into bed. I blow out the candle that was on my nightstand and get comfortable under the covers. At first we face away from each other on our own sides of the bed. I turn over to face him, I grab his shoulder to signify that I want him to face me. He turns over a faces me with confused and sleepy eyes. I grab one of his hands and put it around my waist. I turn around and scoot my back into his chest and he wraps both of his arms around my waist and sighs contently.  I fall asleep feeling safe and content.
"Dean! It's me open up" I hear my brother and I'm relieved that it's not my father. I stand up and wobble a little, due to a head rush. I open the door to see sam. He is holding a glass of water and some pain killers. It kinda creeps me out how he always knows that I'm hungover.
Deans POV
Now I have to go home and break the news to Castiel.
I pace my bedroom waiting for dean to comeback. I heard from Sam that Alistair was captured and I was happy, hell I was ecstatic. In heaven he would've been dead for attacking royalty but I guess it's different here because turns out the person who was victimized chooses what happens or at least the person who is in higher power chooses. In this case I guess dean is the higher power out of the two of us. It's because he is going to be king and because I married into the kingdom that automatically makes me below dean on some level. It doesn't bother me because dean treats me like an equal and he doesn't order me around like a slave so...no complaints here.
"Why?"
" where is Castiel?" I looked over and remember that he isn't there, because of our big fight
"It's Sam" He gives dean a bitch face and sits down next to his father. Just as sam sits down the butlers bring in our food.
When I enter the chapel I see Dean standing at the alter with a blank expression on his face.
"Ummmm, you slept with someone else. Shouldn't you apologize for the act of adultery?"
"Yeah, you didn't just piss off gabe by harming one of his former subjects"
"Oh come on dean we both know that it's not even a legitimate marriage I bet you guys haven't even done the deed. I bet you are going crazy from the month of celibacy you have been going through"
We finish walking to my room and I tell him everything. Saying that he was pissed was an understatement.
"We should." I say looking at him through the mirror. I turn around and he takes a step back.
"One day that bastard is going to break my door" I mumble to myself. I go back to my work
"If you're a demon that's not so long" he spots me in the back of the room and rolls his eyes at me to show his annoyance and shortening patience
"I know that it keeps lucifer in." well no shit sherlock
" We should go, Castiel" I stand up straight and and look up to dean
"Fine, have it your way" Then he disappears.
" Yeah well it's a little different, with me and cas"
" Alastair. What's up. thought you were in lockup for going a little too crazy on the torture. I say with a smirk
All garth did was yell 'what's that' to nothing then he kick my feet out from under me.
"Dean-"
"Thanks I mean, you picked out the suit. You seem to like to have a lot of control over my life" I say with snark
"Tell me about the cage" he quirks his eyebrow at me
"Can it wait? I'm kinda in the middle of something."
I hear the door open and I see dean walk in. I run to him and wrap my arms around him and bury my head in the crook of his neck. I feel his arms wrap around me returning the embrace.
"If you want to make a good first impression you can help them unpack maybe even meet Castiel." My dad says in a suggestive tone.
"The last time you acted all girly was the time when you finally got Tessa that reaper to sleep with you."
"Hello? who's there?"
"So, this is so I don't get pregnant? I didn't even know that I could get pregnant."
"Yeah, me either" I scratch the back of my head
"Hello sir I'm not sure if you know me my name is Samandrial, I have a letter for you from the king of Hell John Winchester." Samandrial said.
"Hey sammy" I see Dean beam up at his brother.
When I finish changing and getting ready for bed. I leave the bathroom and let Cas brush his teeth and do what he needs to do. I look around the room. The maids did a pretty good job getting the room ready for me and Cas's arrival. I'm pulled out and of my thoughts by the sound of the door opening, I see Cas walk towards the gas lamp
"Define kind of"
I walked inside the room and walked my closet and picked out a sky blue shirt with khaki bottoms. I go to my jewelry box and pick out my flower clip and the necklace that Gabe gave me.
"Hello dean" His eyes trained on the book.
"Jesus, did Cas cut your nuts off or something? 'The birds are chirping so I can tell it will be a good day' dude what are you on?"  I turn away from him feeling my face start to heat up
"So, how are you guys adjusting to married life?"
Things have been really good between Cas and I. That little makeout session we had turned into a budding romance. From stolen kisses to blowjobs and handjobs. Things have been really good the only issue is my father. Everytime Cas walks into a room I see my fathers eyes go straight to his stomach , give us knowing looks or he smirks at us. It's really creepy that my father is so involved.
Samandrial nodded his head and healed himself and put on the new change of cloths and he flew away with my letter.
Castiels POV
"Yes, sir" she said while bowing her head.
"Gabriel!" I heard Chuck say
"Oh, Gabe this is beautiful" he takes the necklace and puts it on me
"Ahh so your dean's pretty angel" He smiles and squeezes my hand tighter. I let out a nervous chuckle
Cas POV
"Cas I'm so-"
Castiels POV
I was sitting in my office when I hear a knock at the door.
"He seems pretty quiet now" I pointed to the cage
I walk out silently and start walking to the courtyard. Apparently I was walking a little too happily because Sam walked up to me right when I arrived and gave me a smirk
"No it is not normal for him to have his powers, how did he visit you" I started pacing around the room. Cas closed his book and looked at me .
Cas POV
"Miss me?" I put on one my pristine white satin gloves, it's a whole thing when you take a life when you're a royal something about keeping clean, I pull my gun out from my back pocket to examine it
"Ready as I'll ever be, I guess." I say before taking a deep breath and opening the door to the chapel.
"How the fuck did you know that?!" He smirks at me
"Good, you better get dressed or else we will be late to dinner" Gabriel says too cheerily.
" We got into a fight." I stand up and stretch.
"That's not our place dean" I clench my fist but then the meaning behind what he just said dawned on me
"I'll pass considering how cas doesn't want to be by me, quite frankly I don't really want to be by him either."
"Whatever. how do I get you out of there without a vessel?" Mark runs his hand through his hair
"You mean living me in hell, literally. With a bunch of demons who want to either kill me or take advantage of me." I say starting to tearing up
"It's my right. I'm allowed to so technically I'm not getting my hands dirty if I'm not doing anything wrong"
"Castiel this is my bed just as much as yours"
"She is lying to us angel about king chucks orders,all she wants is blood and she will do anything to get it."
"I need you to come down to the cage and let me in"
After I shower ,I get dressed. I put on my led zeppelin shirt and Ripped jeans with my leather jacket. I grab my keys to my beautiful 1967 Chevrolet impala. She is the only love of my life. I walk out of the castle and into the garage and I start driving to a local bar.  When I park I look through the window and I see charlie and Benny. I walk in and I see them wave to me. I swear charlie and Benny are too nice to be demons ,it's kinda weird.
"And?"
"When is it going back down?"
"What are you doing?" he looks at me a snorts
"Well hello there" I look over and I see a tall skinny man with a noticeable stubble on his cheeks.
He puts some lube on his fingers and starts to trace the outside of my hole with his index finger.
"Oh for fucks sake His name is castiel" Belphegor yelled. Lucifer looks stunned for a second then he full on smiled.
I put my book down and got out of bed. I was walking to the throne room when I started thinking about why he wanted to see me .Did I do something wrong? Is giving me bad news? Oh no what if he was dying or worse what if he got someone pregnant? What if he found out about the million dollar vase I broke in the library. If that's the case ill just blame Gabe.
"You think this is easy for me. I was just told that I have to have a kid on the way before the end of this year" He sits next to me
"Castiel, me and John have found a way to stop this war by con-joining the kingdoms,but to do that I have to marry you off to the Prince of Hell,Dean Winchester."
"Yes, well do you have any ideas?" I said
I can't form proper sentences so I just push past Gabriel and run into my room to try and compose myself
"Alistair, who are the children of King Chuck?" I ask him
I'm glad that you have decided to reach out . You are right this war has been going on for too long . I too, have forgotten what this war was about. I would love to meet with you. We can meet in this little cafe on fifth street in Lawrence, Kansas at noon next week on Thursday.
"I don't give a rats ass what you think. Lower rank demons are flaky that's why they have guard duty. If we lose one or two demons there are many more" He looks me in the eye
“Patience said that that’s
“Ben, we share the same Physics class,” Jesse said and he turned to Jack. “You don’t share a surname?”
He’s been watching videos of Jack patrolling Illinois with his dad. There’s one particular video that he’s been playing over and over again. It was of Jack being overwhelmed with a few kids in a park, the kids were trying to hang from his wings. One even jumped on his back, pulled on his hair, and told him to fly. When the little tykes became too much, Jack just lays down on the floor, face hard-pressed on the damp grass. It was so cute if you forget the fact that this was right after his Superhero dad stopped a bank robbery.
The brothers managed to track them down after that conversation. Sam offered legal services and Dean offered protection. She and Kaia agreed on the condition Dean trained her to be the next Hunter.
Jack buried his face in his hands, sighing as loudly as he could.
Castiel looks away and his hands find the insides of his trench coat pocket, “I am Fallen.”
“Angels don’t have mothers, Dean.”
“We just went out for dinner and a movie,” Jack corrected.
“Hi, dad,” he says. Too chipper because Gabriel told him there was a surprise.
how hard could it be? And still existing Servants—Living Heroes as they called them—aren't unheard of.
“Dean! Why the hell do you have the Mark of Cain? We removed that
(Rufus Turner), and
unconscious person in the bag, while simultaneously knocking out two of the goons, with his wings.
A small smile crept its way onto Jack’s lips. He enjoys seeing his dads bicker. Uncle Sam told him that old married couples do that to keep a healthy romance. It was a form of… he forgot the term uncle Sam used.
“You’re so far gone on him.”
“Is this him?!” she squeals.
“I found some Masters and all of the other Servants,” Jesse shares, picking up fries from inside the bag.
.” But their initial arrangement came crashing down when Yellow Eyes became impatient and kidnapped and tortured Castiel. Meg’s world—built on loyalty and her (misguided) code of honor—crumbled and she let Castiel free. Since then, she has been trying hard to white out all the red in her ledger.
That absolutely sends Dean to great heights. He’s practically bursting. “I can’t believe this, Sammy. You know what this means?”
“Yo, Angel!” Ash whistles. He pushes at something mounted on rollers and covered in white fabric.
As usual, feel free to leave kudos and comments! Feel free to share your thoughts, I am open to any kind of reaction. Check the end notes for more details on upcoming chapters!
girl.
Sam wonders why he’s been chosen by the Grail to participate in another War. He was already part of the previous Holy Grail War and he was able to summon Grand Archer Samuel Colt.
“Maybe not this weekend?” Jack said and Jesse’s smile falls a little. “Family dinner and my big sister just got back.”
Jesse looks at him in the eye and says “Lay them on me.”
He can hear the terror in Charlie’s voice. “Running scans. The survivor is in the corner cubicle to your left,” she says.
“Good morning, Jack,” greeted Castiel. “I’m going to bring these to your room,” he told Claire and he went up the stairs.
Jack opened his mouth to speak, he was sure he had an answer. But as he tried to give an answer his eyes found the bowl of menudo and his lips shut tight.
“Will we be able to make it?” Angel inquires.
When the shutter sound echoed throughout the room everyone’s attention turned to Jack. Jack on the other hand proceeded to send the selfie to Jesse and pretended everyone’s eyes wasn’t on him.
It was a clip of a residential complex just put out from a fire. Dean figures it’s from Cas’s body cam. He can hear Charlie’s and Gabriel’s voices directing Cas inside one of the buildings. The camera turns around and they see dozens of dead bodies, none of which look like they died from the fire. The camera turns to a young boy that says “She’s here” and when the camera turns around, the sound of cracking bone is heard and Castiel gets thrown out the building. A few moments later, bright light covers the complex and a fireless explosion decimates the buildings. The video ends there.
He enters the establishment, takes off his visor, and makes his way to the front desk, and he greets Pamela with a smile. He takes his time looking at her, unsure if only he could feel the awkward tension.
“There was a Sam Winchester in the previous Holy Grail War,” Jack says to the empty plate in front of him. “Were they you?”
“But that doesn’t mean
The two women in the car stared at him waiting for him to continue.
.” The reporter managed to confuse Vallens and Valentine, and it stuck.
Sam feels Eileen’s fingers intertwine with his and he squeezes tight.
But after ol’ Yellow Eyes and Purgatory, Dean was determined to reclaim the Hunter title as a hero. He was the grandson of
” Jesse changes the topic and Jack immediately lights up.
Dean can vaguely hear Charlie’s voice in Cas’s ear piece say, “He’s dead, boss.”
The superhero and paramedics rush towards Frankenstein. “He’s not dead yet,” Angel says to one of the EMTs. “Get him to a secure facility before removing the bullet in his head.”
There was a pause. “Yeah. There is,” replied Jesse.
Jesse jumps, nearly falling off the cliff, when the voice cut the night-silence. Someone found him. Could be the authorities, his grandpap will tear him a new one if he gets arrested. Or it could be Frankenstein again.
“Yo, my dudes.”
“Why’d you have to put it in a box anyway?” Bobby asks.
Not wanting this little snag to dash his hopes of winning, he brushes it aside. Angels were akin to pagan gods, and even when they are not Servants, they are more powerful than your run-of-the-mill familiars that the Throne of Heroes provides. “It’s okay, Castiel. Or should I call you
The boy shrugs at his question before answering. “Well, aside from moving things and teleporting like you do, I can only alter people’s perception of reality. There was this one time my sister and I were arguing because she lied to me. And when I said “Stop lying!” the entire state of Colorado couldn’t lie—”
“Oh, we’re brothers,” Ben clarified. Which only made Jesse more confused.
Jack sees Sam’s entire body tense beside him. He can feel the drain of magical energy from the other Master. This amount of life force being consumed from Sam and the area around his Servant can only mean one thing.
,” Kaia jibed with her girlfriend.
Jack looks closer at the words and he becomes exhilarated. He never thought of that. But he did think that when the time comes, he wanted to be a figure that meant
Jesse is sitting on the table near the door, tapping his fingers syncopated on the scored tabletop. Ben is lying down on the bed furthest from the door, scrolling through his phone about recent unusual incidents in the area. They've been quiet for two hours now; Ben trying to come up with a strategy and Jesse waiting on him.
“What was that?” a confused Jesse asked.
Dean’s face brightens up, “Dude! You benched friggin’ Robin Hood for me?!”
“Thank you,” Jesse breathes out.
, and then eventually just
“You know…” Jesse didn’t even finish speaking as his quiet laughter took over his voice. “Jack, I had so much fun yesterday.”
Henriksen and his team have left. Meg and Castiel stayed behind in the Bunker. Meg’s job is done and Castiel no longer has reason to provide escort. They’re sitting in the war room drinking beer with Eileen and the brothers. It’s been a long day for all of them and they just want to relax in this momentary calm.
He tries one more time, but this time he thinks of his grandpap’s place in Australia.
Jack smiles, proud of the reaction he elicited from Charlie.
, the Super Intern!” Jesse says, swiping on his phone to show the forums.
Five months ago there were rumors of the Arc of the Covenant was dredged up somewhere in the Arctic just off the coast of Norway. A month after its discovery the Nasjonalgalleriet unveiled it to the world. Six weeks later it was stolen through an inside job and the thief killed himself in his prison cell without divulging the whereabouts of the Arc.
“Angel to Garrison, I’m approaching area last spotted.”
Sam Winchester-Leahy is staring at the Command Spells imprinted on his right hand. A pentagram within a circle of flames. It looks exactly like the anti-demon possession sigil tattooed on his chest. He thought he’s gotten out of the
(See the end of the chapter for
?” Sam repeats himself.
“You made all this?” Charlie asks, stuffing her face with bacon and then purring.
“No,” Jack says, seemingly offended that she’d think him that rude. “It’s hauntingly ethereal,” he proclaims with a nod, as he stuffed his mouth with bacon.”
“That was not a question.” Renee's voice was pointed. “You are not supposed to be fraternizing with the enemy.”
Jack hears in his head.
Jack put some books he no longer needed inside his locker. He got there before Jesse so he took the time to organize his things. The morning went by slower than he wanted. He was looking forward to spending more time with Jesse that the classes felt excruciatingly slower. He felt a tap on his shoulder.
, more entertained at how invested his son looked while watching.
“Kaia!” said Jack as he pushed Claire aside to give her girlfriend a hug. “You’re here. You’re all right!”
“They think I helped create this giant rock or something,” Jesse shrugs.
Dean immediately knew what story Lisa will be sharing. Castiel on the other hand was clueless and patiently waited for her to continue.
The thermal imaging box fills most of the screen in front of them. “That’s Eldon Styne, all right,” says Charlie, her voice shaking.
At first Yellow Eyes sent Demoness to antagonize Angel and plant seeds of doubt. And then Meg started speaking with him during quiet nights where there was nothing left to do but listen. Soon enough they became genuine friends that the media called “
When Jack dematerializes his wings, Jesse lets loose a breath he was holding. “They look beautiful, Jack!”
He approaches them with a ready hug once they get down the stairs. He embraces Claire first and presses her tight against his chest and kisses her braided hair. He goes to hug Kaia but the hug isn’t the same.
Eileen, visibly uncomfortable, looks at Sam and holds his hands. Her husband just stares at her in-law so she speaks for him, “Yes, Dean. How did you end up in the Throne of Heroes?”
it is.
Before the Nazi could even answer his question, Aaron hears gunshots. He drops down and covers the woman with his own body. When the firing stops he sees half of Eckhart’s face blown off and his blood creeping fast towards the Arc of the Covenant.
Jack stares at his Servant. Now he’s thinking about Angel biology and—
She looks around and one of the Thule points to her, “You? How?! You are not Hassan-I-Sabbah.”
The deep gravelly voice from the speakers shakes Jack out of his thoughts.
“Love language!” Jack interrupted, remembering what uncle Sam called what his parents were doing. Castiel’s head tilt is on him, as equally confused as the look his other dad gave him.
Well, that's all the notes I have for Part 2! I promise more Kaia in Part 3. Spoiler alert! She's basically there in the entire next chapter.
“I can hear a ‘but’ coming,” Claire shrugs.
“I didn’t think you’d be interested,” Jesse said. “Didn’t even know you were gay.”
Angel flies away as he instructs Jack to follow him. He straps his lunchbox to his waist, nods at the operator. He then jumps, letting himself freefall and build momentum, before spreading his wings to catch up to the Superhero.
“What?” Castiel inquires.
“Cousin Gail is there!” Gabriel says. “But she’s been ordered to provide first aid. Shit!”
“Are those my fudge bangers I hear?”
Jack stares at him, searching eyes finding purchase in his. “Like I said, I couldn’t sleep,” he says, taking a step forward. “There are so many thoughts in my head and I needed to talk to someone. I needed a friend and then suddenly I was here.”
Both boys turn to see Maggie skipping towards them.
and the headline read “
“Well, they still got next time. Anyway I was in the Throne of Heroes and then I hear a call,” Dean says, his hands waving animatedly as he speaks. “And the next thing I knew I was in your room, I was about to wake you up when I heard Eileen call out your name.”
Command Spells. “Oh,” was all the other Master could say.
2. I intentionally wrote Jack being neurodivergent and Jesse's anxiety in a blink-and-you'll-miss-it way. I, myself, have a neurological disorder. So, I want readers to know that it's a part of them but not the center of who they are. And WE ARE ALL MORE THAN OUR FLAWS, DISORDERS, ILLNESSES, AND INSECURITIES.
As they sat down, Jack takes a look at his surroundings. To their right he sees an equipment wall filled with different uniforms and tools his father probably uses from time to time. And to their left, an unlit portion of the sublevel vaguely shows him a docking bay, a few vehicles, and what seems like a tunnel. And to the wall far back, carved on rough stone, is his father’s insignia.
Jody ran an all-girls boarding house for college students and Claire was her second bed spacer. Another girl named Alex being the very first. Jody used to be a sheriff who was friends with uncle Bobby and uncle Rufus. But when her work got the best of her, she resigned, packed her things and moved several states away. She doesn’t like talking about her past life and neither Claire nor Alex ever really pressed her about it.
Ben grabs his burger and takes another mouthful. “Why? It's just the two of us here,” he mumbles while chewing.
know flannel isn’t the only design on Earth, Sam?” Kaia says, pinching at the sleeve of the man’s shirt.
After a minute or so Kaia comes back with her laptop and opens up the image file. The illustration shows Jack fighting against someone whose face is hidden because of the angle and the pitch-black darkness around them. The brothers stare at each other, wordlessly communicating what to do next.
“Wherever you go, they’ll want you there!” said Dean.
After a few moments he settled for, “I like looking at him.”
“We’re all good, kid,” Kaia assured him, making her way to the seat in front of Claire. “Don’t worry.”
Dean stands up, his hands perched on his hips, “One! Expect the unexpected.” He raises his chin, mouth parted just a little. This was his disappointed face. And it stung Claire every time he used it at her. “And two: you were distracted. Why were you distracted?”
Jack hums. His curiosity is piqued, and then he hears his father speaking, “Years back, Rowena told me it’s the magic that sustains him. He can replace any body part through bio-alchemy but they still receive the magic all the same.”
Charlie turns the TV off. She could always watch it online. Genuine conversations were a luxury these days and hard to come by. She nods towards the jars, “A few jars for cheap?”
Gabriel’s abilities are similar to Jesse Turner’s, he ponders. He wonders if the only real difference is their mastery of it. As if on cue Gabriel walks in, snaps his fingers, and the table sets itself forthright.
“Sammy!” he calls out.
They hear a shutter clicking and when they both turn to look, that startled (now astonished) man has his phone up, taking a selfie with them in the background. “Wow! It is take-your-kid-to-work day!” the man exclaims.
Dean hears Henriksen laugh and then Sam sighs, emptying his chest. “Lover’s quarrel later. Eileen has Styne in the dungeon.”
Ben is silent for a moment, “Is Eliot still with you?”
“But weren’t you still together at that time?” Kaia asked not particularly directed at any of the two.
She was three back then. They were attacked by the villain Noah Ophis,
“I feel mildly offended by that,” Castiel said jokingly.
“No—I mean yes,” and then Jesse paused, took time to collect his thoughts. “Yes,
Bobby smirks, “Your suit.”
“I hated the sound of his voice.”
“We could though,” Ben chortles. “We could find another way to—”
Gadreel looks at him, lip pursed and eyebrows raised, questioning, “Forgive? But what have you done to slight me, Castiel?”
. As Claire moves along, she sees different frames lining the wall, underneath the plaque of the names of the doomsday preppers who called themselves the
Now he sits alone on an already set table. Eggs and bacon rest on four different plates each guarded by a pair of utensils. And the coffeemaker hums somewhere behind him, waiting in the maddening quiet of pre-morning rituals. Now his suit smells like bacon. He should’ve made breakfast before putting on the suit.
The two Masters are now a few hectares away from the two Servants. “Were Rider and Berserker always like this?” Jack asks Sam.
Dean with his free hand took one of his husband’s in his, breaking the wall around the burger. “And I kissed you then and there.”
Jack’s phone buzzed and his face lit up brighter than his phone screen.
He wanted to pop in Jack’s house but the painting the boy showed was concerning. Jesse heard Jack say ‘Patience’ and ‘dream’ in one sentence and he immediately knew it was his cousin. How many clairvoyant Patience Turners are out in the world anyway? And Patience’s visions about family always comes true.
There’s a landing platform behind the door for, you guessed it, more stairs. Luckily, this is the last flight of fifteen steps they have to tread, because Claire can see the war room already.
Jesse began walking towards his house when he heard Jack call out his name.
“Father said you got into a big fight with Claire because of some stupid thing she did,” replied Jack.
“In order for that to happen, seven Servants must be summoned, and six must be sacrificed through combat. There are different base classes that each Servant must fall into, and with the system used in the Far East—which is also the one used here—no two Servants end up with the same class.”
A wide smile that forced his eyelids to nearly close stretched across his face. He wanted to reply with something witty to impress the other boy and he saw the timestamp on the text message.
“Orphaned and gay,” shouted the other boy. And some students who were paying attention laughed at Jesse. The bullies turned the corner and disappeared.
“I shot him in the shoulder,” Eileen signs and the brothers chuckle. Regular weapons can’t hurt Servants.
“Yeah,”  Ben agrees and starts the car, gunning for their motel.
“I have something better!” Dean says, excitement edging his voice.
It takes Castiel almost two hours to reach Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Bobby did inform him that he can drop by any time today just not an hour before closing. So, he reveled in the air and just let the winds breeze him to his next destination.
“I’m afraid too,” Jack confesses.
After a few minutes of him running to his room upstairs to put on the main suit and boots there, fixing his hair just to look right, and Bobby assisting with clasping on the additional equipment, he’s ready. Well, almost ready.
Jack put down his mug slowly, “I never said he was cute.”
is leaning on the entrance to the Bunker’s gym. Arms crossed, brows raised up in complete and utter disbelief, he observes his daughter beat up a punching bag.
Dean turns the corner and spots Cas. He beelines for his Angel and drops his entire weight on him. The hero pulls him close and pats on his hair. Torture takes him to a place in him he buries deep in layers of denial, alcohol, and overcompensation. Yes, he has killed people, he’s no hypocrite. That’s one of the few things he knows in this world:
Berserker Castiel and Rider Dean Winchester have been summoned as Servants in the Fourth North American Holy Grail War. Now a third Servant is summoned and they have a more solidified place in history.
“So right now, I am asking for your forgiveness, brother,” Castiel asks, staring at Gadreel.
large bubble. So, based on that, what would his Hero name be?
“Just lay ‘em on me,” Ben says, picking up his drink from the cup holder between the two of them.
“Well… not yet,” Kaia responded and Jack couldn’t help but agree.
“And how did that go?” Castiel steadies himself on both feet. “You left after two years and only returned to pick up Jack when he turned fifteen, Claire.”
When they reached American soil, the first thing they did was summon a Servant. Jesse's research revealed to him that items weren't actually necessary for summoning rituals. The Grail makes contact with the Master and assigns a Servant according to their desires. So, they tried a summoning without a catalyst and Ben ended up summoning Eliot Ness.
A simple “Please open” is what he settles for after a minute of internal debate. His father might’ve been joking about the voice activation bit. It is a wooden do—
“Dean! Manners,” Mrs. Butters chastises the Servant.
man team standing in the war room. And there are two other police men with them. “And I told you to put your helmet on!”
“Absence makes the heart grow fonder or whatever the old adage is.”
“For whatever reason, in every thermal imaging software, he shows up like that.”
A blonde with long braids and a Biker Barbie vibe bumps into her as she steps out the elevator. She says sorry and the blonde just smirks at her until she disappears behind the elevator doors. When Charlie turns, she sees Clive, brows furrowed with eyes fixated on the elevator.
A loud snore reverberated throughout the room and Jack suppressed his laughter as much as he could.
Charlie and his father come in discussing what they’d have Jack do for the day. When they spot Jack smiling expectantly at them, they stop and take a seat at the table.
“You know how people hate on it in social media!”
He wants to be of service so he helps in ways that he can. Kevin the computer probably has cross-referenced all the names already BUT information in government and police databases are always incomplete. So now he’s listing all reported “Enhanced” activities whose powers line up with those in their list of Purgatory detainees.
Century, it sometimes doubled as a chop shop. Dean said it was before Bobby’s debut at Castle Rock. And when he devoted himself to his hero work full-time, he discontinued the chop shop and hired a nineteen-year-old Dean to handle the garage. That was a little over two decades ago.
Lisa sighed, “Sometimes you just have to know when you’re beat.” She smiled at Castiel.
“Good morning, Castiel,” says an all too familiar Scottish brogue.
He breathes in deeper than he has in the past few years. He doesn't want to compete against his boyfriend and he knows Ben doesn't want to do the same. He turns to look at his Master who is also in a state of disbelief.
Dean pulls on his arm, “Cas, how’d you plan to do that. Your wings’re still banged up, babe.”
“I did get the idea from your original design,” Bobby says, jokingly trying to salvage whatever humility he has left. “And having a Superhero and his son flying around in a suit
“I was just about to leave and go home!” Jesse answers as-a-matter-of-factly.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Jack Kline!” Pastor Jim says, holding out his hand to Jack. He takes it and shakes it a good few seconds. His namesake grandfather has always told him that a firm handshake is a testament of character.
“Crowley died during that incident. Her son,” Gabriel reminds him. “She almost killed you and Dean
mine.”
“And why should I stop?” Dean raises an eyebrow back. “It’s Cas.”
“This doesn’t make sense,” Gabriel says. “That’s a little kid.”
“I’m sorry,” Jack said, stifled laughter caught in his throat. “Ben snores when he gets into deep sleep.”
“It tastes like molecules,” says Castiel, standing up and draining the rest of the coffee down the sink.
Then Charlie’s voice calls out. “Sorry to break this moment, boss. But a residential building is on fire in downtown Chicago.”
The Hunter on the other hand, readies his two weapons as he stalks closer. A ridiculous bone knife and an equally ridiculous rotary grenade launcher.
Dean looks at his brother, “Dropped her off before I passed the Stateline. Got what we needed and she said she could take care of herself from there.”
The lights open and everything is illuminated. Jesse turns around and sees another boy about his age, with golden blond hair and a confused puppy look, wearing Star Wars pyjamas. “What are you doing in my living room?” the boy asked.
Jack notices his Servant suddenly become excited at the mention of the name. “And they agreed?” he questions further.
Castiel leans on the table behind him, arms crossed, as they resume testing. “I’m guessing that you wouldn’t make me pay for this as well, Bobby.”
Sam purses his lips, bringing his fist near his face to stop himself from exploding. There are so many things unusual about being able to summon Dean, and
Jack sat up and pushed his back to the headboard, “Is there something on your mind?”
His phone lit up beside him. A text from Jesse.
“Us?” Jack asks, pulling away from Jesse with a wide smile on his face. He looks to his right and sees Ben sandwiched between the door and the drywall. “Ben!” hugging him with as much force as he gave Jesse earlier.
“Does everyone in your family have wings?” Jesse asks.
It was small talk in between bites. Mostly about the drive to and from the airport, Claire’s interest in helping Dean manage the garage while she was here, and Kaia’s recent apprenticeship with Derek Swan—who Jack found out was a famous contemporary painter.
He looks at the open rear of the vehicle but the goons are standing in between him and his new target. Angel takes a sweep of his surroundings and sees the Hunter still engaged in combat with Frankenstein. When the Hunter manages to kick Frankenstein square on the chest that’s when he shouts, “Hunter, third body bag, still breathing!”
“Star-Lord. Rocket. No fighting in my kitchen,” said Dean, wiping his face with the towel hanging from his right shoulder.
A large bone dagger materializes in Rider’s hand—
“What if I told you I wasn't?”
“You think I don’t recognize my own nephew?” the man replies, catching his breath.
Claire lied to Jack about leaving the country and has gone to Kansas to resume her training as the Hunter.
The young Master doesn’t know what that exactly means. But the way this Angel of the Lord spoke, averting his gaze, and now acting sheepish… Jack thinks this means Castiel no longer has the Authority that a member of the Heavenly host should possess. Which means, Castiel is not a proper Celestial being.
Some of the files he’s read through were on Heroes and Villains. Codenames were listed there as well.
Claire laughs and scrolls through the tablet. “Where’s the other equipment listed here? That’s just the suit, right?”
“And you’re giving my child one of the prototypes?” he asks in disbelief.
Charlie Bradbury asks her friend, Clive Dylan, to accompany her when she visits her mom in the hospital. It would've been like any other day but the Holy Grail War has started and she doesn't have a clue.
And then they call the true names of their shared Noble Phantasm…
He never knew what they meant by that. He didn’t feel strange or different. He was just—
Sam shakes his head, “No, nothing. Just spaced out.”
He returns to his work and notices Jesse staring at the empty space Rowena left behind. “That was the Queen of the Damned,” he says, tentative finger pointing at the empty space.
A hearty laugh escaped Dean. A little too loud for him as he sat directly to his right. “Have I ever told you how—even before we got our shit together—your dad loved to look at me too?” He clapped his hand at his son’s back, “Would stare at me while I wasn’t looking and kept at it even when I took notice!”
“Kaia said, she made this after our friend Patience had a dream of me being a Superhero,” Jack says, shyness blanketing his excitement.
“And I don’t care.”
A few moments later, Claire was sitting on a bench by the parking lot, beside the scary man. Her mother and father were in a car a few feet away from them, and she could hear her mom screaming. Before Claire started crying, the man offered her his fries, which she gladly accepted.
7. If there are more than three (3) characters focused in a certain scene, I'll label it with the location.
Jesse closes his eyes and Jack can see him breathe in deep. “I have to go,” he says before disappearing.
“And we’re having this chick flick moment, why?” She asks, teasing.
Gadreel knits his brows together, staring at the heavy traffic below them, unsure. “Does it matter? Sooner or later we’ll both move on regardless if socially acceptable closure has been had or not. Pettiness, like blame, is a waste of effort. Of course, I forgive you, Castiel.”
“Chest plate? I thought no other equipment?” Castiel asks, a little confused.
got used to it. She's been going to this hospital for over twenty years now yet it's always like the very first week after the accident. Until before graduating high school, her social worker drove her here, she was merely duty-bound and didn't really want to accompany her. Years later, Dean, who was like an older brother she never wanted, came with her and even volunteered to proxy whenever Charlie was away in Avalon.
Jack hums and takes a seat across Castiel. “There’s something else in your mind,” the Servant says.
“Not before it spreads to the rest of the block,” says Gabriel. “The FD has it under control for now.”
“Well, I guess since Rider and Berserker are newer Servants, it would be best to team up,” Jack mumbles to himself.
Berserker teleports behind Rider as he shoots. The latter anticipating this, swings his blade arm behind him. The former catches his arm and says “Enough!”
He nearly falls down but Jack catches him, staring at him with those breathtaking blues. He hasn’t used that much power in what feels like forever. Jack’s eyes glow gold and Jesse immediately feels lighter and more energized, completely rejuvenated.
“Hey, Deano!” said the spikey-haired brunette on the other side of the video call.
“Hey, look who I brought!” Sam shouts.
“Dad keeps dental dams in the medicine cabinet in case you brought Kaia—” Jack wasn’t able to finish when Claire sped away and the pimpmobile disappeared into the distance. He smiled, getting a jab at her sister and her girlfriend, payback for what happened in breakfast.
He counts each plate, when he reaches the fifth, Castiel sees it more lavish than his and the others. Every piece of food on that plate looks higher quality than the rest. Fresh fruits even sit on top of a dollop of whip cream on the pancakes. And a pristine and glistening tea cup, full and steaming, sat gingerly on a matching saucer.
Dean makes his way to the benches and grabs at a water bottle. “No memories. Block them out during battle,” he says before drinking.
“Please, don’t!” Jack raised his voice, his head immediately dropping low to hid his growing blush.
Claire can’t argue with him when it came to that. Sam said that John and Dean were arguing about their mother during a fight that’s why Yellow Eyes was able to sneak up on them and shoot John in the back.
The moment his tongue stops hissing, his right hand glows and a symbol etches onto his skin. He brings it closer to his face and inspects it. It looks like a toddler failed to write the letter W multiple times and just resigned to writing the number 7 over it instead. “Damn! That looks ugly,” he says with all the conviction he could muster.
The latter probably just arrived as well. She told Sam that she’ll retrieve the May King’s arrow from a cousin dryad. Sam wanted to keep his options for Servants open and Robin Hood was a formidable Heroic Spirit according to the books in the Bunker.
He takes a bite of the PB&J sandwich he packed for today.
Styne blinks rapidly, the sudden introduction of light blinding him momentarily. When he comes to, he sees Dean with his arms around Cas and grins. “So, boys. How’s Jesse?” And when no one responds, “He went poof, didn’t he?”
Archer in this Holy Grail War.
Sam rolls his eyes at Dean and leans back on his chair. He opens his laptop and spins it to face his brother. Dean shifts closer and takes a look at him and then at the screen. There, an online news site’s headline reads:
Castiel’s head tilts a little to the side, “Who funded this then?”
He stands up from the bushes, and wipes his mouth with the handkerchief he brought. He was about to fold it and return it to his pocket but he sees Berserker standing beside a trash bin near the chapel entrance. He throws it in, along with what little waste is to be found in the bin of a nearly destitute Catholic establishment. Most of the Kansas population converted to Protestant denominations or other faiths. Not much support or individual identity in the religion
“About an hour ago.”
“It’s good to see you’re still as handsome as ever, Angel,” she says, as she takes her seat by the expensive breakfast.
“You okay, dude?” worry floating around Charlie's words. For a moment, she was distracted by a short, bearded man and a tall leather-clad woman across the hallway, entering one of the private rooms.
Claire pulls herself up and kicks off her boots, “So, is this just a location update? Nothing else, o dear cowardly Master in hiding?”
“Bitch,” he says. It was a reflex to being called a jerk by Sammy. Something that started as an obnoxious quip at his baby brother but grew to be their thing as siblings.
comes true,” she says, a silent sorry squirming its way through her voice.
Castiel scooped up some mashed potatoes and plopped them on his plate. The starchy paste squelched as it hit the ceramic. “There’s no denying Ben’s your son,” he said as-matter-of-factly.
“You know how people hate on it in social media!”
“But I will tell you that
“We didn’t! The system still has its focus on Dean.” Charlie pulls up the facial recognition software and then there’s a chilling sight.
“Grail Wars are fucked up, man,” Ben sighs. “What about the others there? Are they fighting?”
“So how does it feel? Do you think it needs any adjustments?” Bobby asks, tablet at the ready, prepared to take any notes.
“I supposed you’re right,” he sits back down. “Do you have a car we can borrow, Dean?”
He’s sitting on an unused tower crane, his Marvelous Marvin lunchbox beside him. Jack asked the operator if they were going to use it in the next fifteen minutes. When the startled man managed to say “No” after ten whole seconds, he had perched on the jib.
As fate would have it, he was back alive and kicking. Well, not alive, a Servant. Sam and Dean would joke that they've died so many times before meeting her that their friends betted on how long before either of them came back. But they always came back human. So, it was a mix of happiness, fascination, and worry that she met the brothers again last week but as a Servant-Master pair. That she had to
The Noble Phantasms disappear and all that remain is Rider and Berserker kissing each other at the middle of the massive bald spot in the field. Sam helps Jack up and points to the Impala, unbothered by the recent altercation between Servants. “We should leave before any authorities get here,” the tall man says.
Jack rises from his dip towards the papers. “Cool right?!” he says with as much enthusiasm as he did when he and Jesse were discussing their powers last night. “Jesse, can I ask you a question?”
“Why?” Jack asked, his head tilt making its cameo.
When he’s done, he assembles the full meal on a plate and covers it with tinfoil, and covers it up with a dome lid. He leaves for the library and comes back with a note saying “For you” and tapes it to the lid.
Castiel can’t deny the roses rubbing his cheeks. But his relationship with Dean isn’t the purpose of this conversation. “Claire, listen. Dean’s… methods are unacceptable and I’ve never tolerated his violent ways.”
Jack beams at him and then he paces around the room, muttering to himself. “I knew it!” he then shouts. “I knew I could do it. Only Lord El-Melloi and Flat believed in me. No one in the Clock Tower believed I could be chosen for the Fourth War! Nobody believed I could summon a Divine Spiri—”
“Kevin, split-screen please,” says Charlie. The screen splits into three parts: the view of the city, one what he assumes is his father’s body cam, and one thermal imaging version of the body cam footage.
Jack giggled, “Sorry, I just like staring at you.”
Dean breathed in, “But… BUT! She said it out loud. And I said “Maybe nothing to you. But I like that hair as it is.” And by then it was too late, the words came out of my mouth like hers did, and I knew I had to come out to Lis then and there.”
Hassan-i-Sabbah is the name of 19 wraiths (familiar spirits who have yet to have a solid legend to be Heroic Spirits) that are normally summoned for the Assassin-class in the Fate worlds.
The Hunter spins under Angel’s wing and tackles the man who shot at him, pinning him to the floor. He jumps up and slams his foot on the man’s face, effectively putting him to sleep.
When Dean is out of earshot, Claire speaks, “He’s disgustingly happy.”
He pulls up a chair from one of the tables and sits. He gestures for Claire to do the same and she does. Sam breathes in deep, and looks at the framed images, “I never had the stomach for it, you know? The killing and hurting people. Even Henry killed at least one or two people in his career. And I know those people deserved it. Mom, dad, and Dean, they do what they do so those bad people wouldn’t be able to hurt anyone else. They think that prison is much too kind a punishment.
“I’m not. Old
“Whatever you say, Jody,” Dean surrendered.
Kaia never talks about the Purgatory Incident though, she would brush it off or sleep, with her mind travelling God knows where, and Claire could only kick at the door and throw knives at Frankenstein’s picture taped to it. She just wishes her girlfriend would trust her more with her past.
“I don’t know,” Lisa repeated. “And as a hormonal teenager whose feelings were tripled because of pregnancy I shouted at him for not knowing because I didn’t know what to do too. And in my head I believed that shouldn’t be the case. We can’t
“His boyfriend is probably going to call,” teased Claire.
“Jack’s adopted,” Maggie said as if it was hers to tell. Jesse was more shocked that Jack was okay with it. Okay with it or didn’t hear it all as Jack was still thinking to himself.
“But from now on please call me
“And do you like me, Jack?”
Do not ask further
“Well, if they’re any good they should know my face by now,” Dean creases his brows and jerks at the two cops, who reel back. Both are unable to reach for their firearms because of Sam’s binding.
Noble Phantasm - It is a weapon or activated ability that's representative of the legends and feats that a Servant has done in their lifetime. Each Servant has one and they function as the ace in any Servant's arsenal.
“I’m sure she is,” Jesse says. He reaches out for Jack’s shoulder and squeezes tight. When he pulls his hand away, “So how about your other family members?”
When the doors opened, Clive squeezes her shoulder before exiting. She vaguely remembers what her dad's hugs were like, but she remembers the warmth and security. And with a simple squeeze, Clive gives him that same assurance. She misses her dad.
“Hey, it’s okay,” Jesse assured him, “house rules, am I right?”
So here's the second chapter! I enjoyed writing this one as well. We get backstories on the characters and we get to know them and their family dynamics. I hope you all like it!
“Hey, Golden Boy!” Cherub calls out to him and he hates himself for responding. “Breathe!”
“Family dinner?” asked Jesse.
“Ha-ha, Winchester,” Henriksen says, as they all enter the dungeon.
He reclines, throwing his head back, eyes-closed, finally able to breathe after the encounter earlier, then he drops the grenade launcher—that no one noticed at first—onto the floor. One eye opens and he looks at Charlie and Gabriel. “That was supposed to be a simple retrieval operation.”
Jesse nodded.
“I missed you too, son,” Castiel says. He starts walking and drops himself down on one of the chairs in front of the screen and Jack follows suit.
He’s been awake for three hours now, excited that his father would let him come on patrol today. He hopes he gets to save someone. Or hopes he doesn’t have to, saving means there’s a threat to people’s safety.
The Golem looks at him, left brow raised, “You don’t know your own history, boy?”
“The world calls us ‘Supervillains,’ of course what we do is dangerous,”
“That's true,” he follows right behind her, “but Dr. Gaines said that as long as I watch my carb intake, I can have it in moderation.”
This time he actually sees his grandpap’s beach house as he almost re-materialized but then he was pulled back to this damned living room.
“Patience had a vision of this suit? Patience Turner?” Sam asks, his eyebrows creasing.
” Castiel follows up as he left the kitchen. Jack then picks up the butter-knife.
“Well, they’re both dead. The dead don’t have opinions.”
“May I?” Dean asked and Lisa gave him a nod. He felt like the rest of the story should come from him. He breathed in and squeezed Castiel’s hand. “I told Lis that we couldn’t tell you because you had a lot on your plate. College applications. Claire was a difficult baby to raise,” he turned to his adopted daughter and smiled ear to ear.
And tonight, his sources tell him that they will do just that.
“You better ease up on the servings, old man,” raised Claire. “Kaia’s already noticed that 3 months old baby you’re carrying.”
“Gosh!” said Lisa, catching Dean’s attention as he took a generous amount of the mashed potatoes she brought.
Angel takes flight and lands before the police officers who have just arrived to fix their positions in case the fight went beyond the backstreet.
“I may have something in mind.”
“I am in position to engage,” says Castiel.
Charlie and Gabriel were barely concealing their hushed laughter at Castiel’s words. Jack doesn’t find it funny though. But he simply disregards it as him being away for so long, so he just smiles.
sorry for being interested in our child’s romantic life.” He put down the burger on his own empty plate.
It’s been years. He and Meg weren’t proud of that certain part of their shared past. And from Meg’s recent hero work, Dean could see that, like him, she’s carrying white-out everywhere, trying to cover anything red they see.
Dean laughs a hearty tune, full of joy and other splendid emotions, “He’s here, Sammy.” He then returns his attention towards the East. “Wait for me, Angel!” Dean shouts to the Heavens. “We’ll finally get our wish!”
Suddenly Jesse’s mouth felt dry and he envied the strangely blunt boy who apparently lives here. So, he matches the boy’s bluntness, “Can I maybe have a glass of water?”
He could hear Jesse think from the other end of the line. He closed his eyes, thinking he said something wrong, and then Jesse spoke. “Okay, Jack. I would love that.”
“Oh, no!” Jack practically shouted. “I mean, I like his lips. Too.” Both of his dads smiled at him, expecting a follow up. But he didn’t really know what else to say.
“Okay,” Jack said begrudgingly. “Good night, dad.”
“Saber huh?” Claire scoffs. Sounds like a superhero name. She hated superheroes.
He waits for a moment, looking around him, lips pouted. He guesses the scraping didn’t get his brother’s attention.
He looks at Gabriel, worry spreading across his face, “I guess so?” It’s been so long since he last made a friend. So, he’s hoping he gets to talk to Jesse again.
Sam scoffs at the word
Jack nods.
Jack calls out as he ran to the EMTs. “What can I do to help?”
But Sam stops just short of the kitchen doorway. There was a third person with his wife and the caretaker. A gruff voice laughs along with them, hearty and throaty, like laughter is a luxury that the owner wants to savor. He recognizes the voice, but how? Sam’s eyes are watery and his brows clash from confusion. It could be his mind playing tricks on him. After all, Sam has walked in on the three having laughs in the past.
“It beats Golden Boy any time.”
he started to feel disillusioned about the life. He became a prime target for Yellow Eyes. Meg’s father.
The wheels in Jesse’s head started turning, “And when did he exactly get there?”
They both turn to look at Meg on the platform, trying different bursts of psychic energy on the suit. The suit is impressive, being able to withstand a force that Castiel once saw Meg use against—his then mind-controlled brother—Gadreel in an attempt to protect Kevin.
“Hey, Jack.”
“And why would I tell you?”
A small drop of water falls on his shoulder, and he looks up. The rain quickly dampens everything except for his mood. Jack is already splashing around and stomping on every puddle he could find. At first Jesse stops himself, but with the effervescent smile on the other boy’s face begging him to join, he relents. After a few seconds of jumping around, Jack pulls at both his hands and spins them both. Jesse loses his footing and falls down, dragging Jack with him, both laughing hysterically.
helpless will only get her killed like her father.
Lisa perfectly knew that Ben wouldn’t be as happy as he is now if she and Dean didn’t break up that very night. Her son had an older sister and a brother that has his back. Did she want a regular nuclear family for her kid? Yes. But that was what
Castiel sits back down, “I’m an Angel. I can’t taste anything for the sum of its parts.”
The towering man takes their bags and steps inside. There were a couple of steps down before they reach another door that looks like the one upstairs, Sam pushes it and bright orange-tinted light greets them.
to hide your true name,” he says, walking closer to the raven-haired man.
Charlie rapidly types on her keyboard and looks up at the screen. All other footages except for thermal imaging are replaced by traffic cams. “All traffic is being redirected. No possible escape routes for the next thirty minutes.”
“I was aiming for the car,” says the Hunter as he punches a man with his free hand. When he positions himself to cut the man’s head off, Angel’s wing slaps his hand away.
Two pairs of saturnine wings far wider than he or any of their siblings could hope to have, now disappear into the distance. Gadreel is also the tallest among them, with a stocky build to accommodate his hefty pinions. He can see why people call his brother
“Dean! Language!”
“Dunno where to go yet though,” Ben inserted.
He should’ve asked Cas earlier.
The Dean along the street was staring directly at a camera from a name-brand store, his smile an eerie grin, and he’s waving directly at the camera. This Dean is in full color through the lens of the high-end camera, and his eyes—his eyes are glowing silver. And then he changes shape, the clothes remain the same but the body morphs into a dark-skinned woman with beautiful doe eyes and large voluminous hair.
“Ready to grab lunch?” Jesse said with a smile.
An eerie, disgusting, chemical green light washes over the entire room. Streaks of verdurous electricity crawl around the room before reality shatters around them like glass and Charlie, the man, and the two Servants are all swallowed by the darkness that awaited behind the broken glass of reality.
Jack takes this moment to look at Berserker. Even the pastor knows his Servant from when he was living. He bargains that it’s probably because the supervisor
In the thermal imaging footage, someone is walking on the street Frankenstein and his crew are in.
“Got something on your mind?” Sam asks, looking at Jack.
He ponders on the answer a few seconds. “Well, compared to my relationships with other heroes and villains, Dean and I do share a more profound bond.”
And one of the fingers has already faded.
At the center of the magic circle is a raven-haired man that’s wearing a suit and—
Jesse bit his lips, closed his eyes, and brushed back the strands of his hair that were displaced. When he looked up, Jack’s face was riddled with concern.
Jack’s eyes glow gold. He may not change reality in a literal sense, but he can change how people view it. And right now, everyone views it through panicked lenses. “Our heroes are here. You are safe,” his words, though whispered, echoes and reverberates throughout the entire city. The injured begin to calm down, the first responders regain their focus, and the bystanders stop crowding the scene.
Jack looks at him, “If I’m Angel’s son, shouldn’t I be Nephilim or Nephil?”
“Thank you, Rowena,” Castiel says, his hand taking Rowena’s in a tight squeeze. “I hope Gabriel has tol—"
“I told you not to go after Styne! Illinois is Cas’s turf, Dean,” Sam adds, obviously wanting to ingrain the thought into his brother’s head, “It’s his to protect.” he slams the table, “And you
Delphine laughs at the banter, “Yes, but the other pairs will do anything to remove us from the War as well. And we would have to confirm participation with the Church-appointed supervisor in Kansas.”
From then on, he shifted his career from hunting down who he deemed as assholes and started reaching out to survivors and hunted down perpetrators of the Purgatory Incident. And if some poor soul had gotten out of hand, he knew what needed to be done.
Claire sighs.
“Please don’t speak with food behind on lips,” Castiel said and Lisa tapped Ben’s arm rather sharply.
“And part of the job description is be a pain in my butt?” Sam sighs.
“Well, there was too much exposition today,” Jesse said and Jack laughed at the sentiment. School was over and Jesse offered to walk Jack home. Convinced him he had nothing better to do anyway.
“Can’t wait to arrive home.”
“You’ve done well today, son!” Angel says, pulling back and squeezing Jack’s shoulders.
Jack wanted to say something before Jesse completely left. The other boy had given him compliments and had said nice things to him since their date and he wanted to return the favor. He just didn’t know how. But when Jesse turned back, it dawned on him.
He pauses at the last image and he picks it up, a photo of him and Cas wearing those godawful grey jumpers they forced prisoners to wear in Purgatory. It was actually a photo documentation for a progress report. Charlie managed to dredge up the file when the government seized everything when the whole Incident was over.
Hello, guys! I'm posting back-to-back chapters today because of the lack of updates in the past few weeks. This Chapter is posted alongside the previous one "The Second Magic!" I hope you like it and don't forget to leave a kudos if you do!
“I guess that explains why there was an angry Karen and her would-be-Karen daughter at our doorstep earlier,” the boy says to himself.
Now’s he’s thinking about Angel biology and why is Castiel wearing an attire that makes him look like a 9-to-5 office worker?
. He can see a lit camping ground in the distance, whether tourist or the locals, he doesn’t really care.
“I saw the feather the first time I ever stayed here,” she laughs. “He practically worships you.”
As the images and files on the two supervillains show up on the large screen, Gabriel decides to break the seriousness of their situation, “Oh, don’t use that word. Someone might get jealous.”
A high ping fills the room as the small screen above Charlie’s keyboard lights up. “Oh, boss, someone’s on the hunt. Pulling up feed to your visor now,” the redhead says.
Sam closes his laptop, “What’s that?”
Jimmy was able to hack at the thing’s neck with their emergency axe, but not after her mother Amelia laid dead on the floor, and Jimmy succumbed to his injuries soon after.
“Why are you with my dad? My mom misses him a lot,” said Claire. She spread her arms wide, showing how much her mom had missed her father, a few loose fries getting thrown in the process.
He can hear his father take a deep breath, already regretting the next words to come from him. “He’s been kidnapping and murdering anyone with innate magical abilities.”
Golden Boy
“Wait!” Charlie shouts. “Not yet ready, just one more second.”
The bullet hits Frankenstein in between the brows and Valentine makes her way to the backstreet, a growing smirk enhancing the folds of her face. “All yours,” she says to an approaching Angel.
Sam and Rider chuckle, and Berserker averts his gaze. Jack can sense his Servant wanted no part in this conversation. “Yeah, that was me,” Sam says.
When Castiel got back he took a seat at the head of the table, Dean to his right. And even though only he was religious in their family—being raised Catholic—they said grace before they started breakfast.
When he lets go, he practically drools at what’s inside the van. It was a suit
Claire tilts her head a little to the right, confused. “Jack has his own suit?”
He takes the feather and places it back on the shelf. “Hello to you too, babe,” he says with a wink. Dean then notices his lover’s left shoulder is sagging a little and he grimaces. “Show me your wings!” his voice says.
,” Castiel says, which as much enthusiasm as his son would probably have if he met Bobby in person. “And you don’t even have powers.”
The Hunter’s view of Frankenstein and his goons are obscured by the explosion, that’s why he fired two more just to be sure. He can see massive holes in the adjacent walls and the remaining walls crack and almost crumble. When the dust (and pieces of the asshole dumb enough to let himself be thrown) settle, he sees Angel’s iridescent raven wings span the backstreet, and Frankenstein and his crew are unharmed.
is a bit unhappy. It’s almost 1PM in the afternoon, yet the only thing he has done today is take a cat off a tree that climbed right back up as soon he gave it to its owner. The little girl even called him Golden Boy. He hopes it doesn’t catch on.
It's then that they realized that they haven't made a contract yet. Ben panicked, thinking that he was already out of the War before it even started. Jesse told him they could still try. Eliot was still somewhere in him and he inherited his Class. He reminded Ben that one of the winners of the Grail Wars was a wood nymph, and Jesse—Jesse was close to a Phantasmal Being like her.
The paper was Jesse’s file. Jack stares at it, not reading a single word. It’s one thing that Jesse shows him the paper, but it’s another reading what is on it. His father, Kaia, Charlie, and auntie Rowena had deep feelings about the Incident. It didn’t feel right to invade Jesse’s life since they just met. Even if Jesse showed him the file. He looks at his new friend, eyes pensive and glassy.
When he woke up, Jack spent the first hour going over state laws, hero prohibitions, safety protocols, and lists of villains and criminals that regularly appear in Illinois. He’s unlikely to encounter any high-profile villain, and he’s unsure if he’s prepared if he ever
“Avi!” Charlie shouts at the top of her lungs, a finger pointing towards the leather-clad woman. It was a simple but highly versatile spell she learned from Rowena Macleod. The woman was thrown to the wall and her gun dematerializes before it falls to the floor.
Eileen laughs as Dean tries to repeat what he said in ASL, missing a few marks.
“That flat “Hello” of yours didn’t scare him away?” Kaia added.
They walk in. The inside was empty save for an old woman praying to the candles on the left side of the narthex and three people further in. At the middle of the transept is pastor Jim Murphy (the appointed supervisor) talking to two tall men; one had long brown hair, and the other, short and honey-blond. Probably another Servant-Master pair.
Castiel turns to Gabriel, “Gabriel, see what you can get out of Rowena. Maybe Crowley left her some information—”
“Ah yes, you and the brothers Winchester burned my body,” Eckhart says. “But there are other ways to resurrect someone, even without a physical form.”
Jesse’s face is suddenly lit up when the boy’s eyes glowed gold for a whole second. “There I undid whatever I did.”
“Bingo,” Dean says and then raises his hand and orders another burger from the waitress.
Angel elects to ignore Gabriel for the moment. “Who’s here?” Angel asks, rising concern escaping his throat.
“You don’t recognize him?” Charlie asks. When Jack shakes his head she types on her keyboard, “Kevin, on main screen please.”
“Oh my God, Dean!” Sam exclaims. “Is it because of the Impala?”
Sam doesn’t need to say yes or figure out how he was able to summon his brother while apparently asleep. He rushes to his brother and gives him the tightest hug he’s ever given to anyone in his life. Twenty-two years has been too long.
Jesse leaves a confused Jack after being shown a painting of the blond boy as the hero: Safety!
“Good evening, Mr. Winchester,” said Jesse, a little fear in his voice.
Dean, all smug, opens the dry box and presents to her another suit that’s exactly the same (folded), a pair of combat boots, and a pair of gauntlets. “These babies double as pile bunkers. You land a punch, it activates, sending 20lbs at 4Gs to the unlucky bastard at the receiving end.” Dean says while holding the gauntlets, looking more excited than Claire is. “What do you think?”
“Me,” says a cold raspy voice. When Angel turns around, she sees a beautiful blonde, wearing a revealing white dress. She raises one hand and Angel is thrown out of the building and landed on the foot of a lamppost, barely missing a reporter that’s on a live coverage.
Our protagonists discuss what happened at KU Hospital and the comatose Master confined there.
“That is for the menudo!” said Kaia.
It took me so long to update this fic. I've been busy with a lot of othee projects. Anyway, here's CASTER. I hope you like, and don't forget to bookmark and leave a kudos if you do.
And then he hears the scraping of broken glass on hardwood floors, the clinking of metal, and the soft buzz of electricity passing through copper wiring. His living room lights turn back on as if they didn’t explode just moments before.
Jack staring at the other boy’s eyes, whose hues perfectly matched his glorious mane, chuckled. “Well Ben isn’t like this during family dinner.”
“We can make it,” Jack says. He grabs onto Angel’s shoulder and then they immediately show up in the scene.
“Garrison to Angel. The Hunter is working with Valentine. Strike now,” Gabriel practically screams.  “I repeat, strike now.”
The Hunter aims his grenade launcher and shoots, perfectly capable of using it with just one hand as if recoil doesn’t exist.
“Cas confiscated it,” said Dean almost immediately, defensive.
exactly?”
“Rude,” Claire said with a smile.
Lisa continued, “We ran up the stairs as fast as we could barely holding ourselves together from the laughter, and the fear, and just plain amusement.”
The only thing Jack knows of the Purgatory Incident were the broad strokes the media had given and the government chose to publicize. Seemingly indiscriminate kidnappings, organized attack on leading Supers as a distraction, a Venezuelan reporter discovers facility in Puerto Rico, UN sanctioned attack on the facility, and lastly, Angel saves thousands from Purgatory.
“Wait, but how?!” Gabriel spits.
“I'll make it up to you,” Clive mumbles. He stares at the three-fingered hand tattooed at the back of Charlie's hand.
Jack groans, pressing himself further on Jesse’s shoulder.
“Hello, ladies,” he announces himself and Nancy runs up to him with a hug. “Oh, Nancy. Henriksen would think you’re fraternizing with the enemy!”
“I’m just teasing,” Dean defended. “So what other
One of the dogs, shuffles on top of his lap, and manages to push his phone off his thigh.
Jesse doesn't know how the Third Magic works so he proposed that he does something similar. He would summon a copy of Eliot's Saint Graph and overlay them on his body, so when he absorbs the Servant's core their essences won't fight for dominance. And then Eliot's consciousness can return to the Throne of Heroes. And it worked. At first Jesse was overwhelmed with all of the grief and self-loathing Eliot possessed. He also inherited Eliot's Class container and they found out that he was Archer. But the Servant went silent after just a few hours.
Aaron sneaks behind one of the remaining members and slits their throat. And one of them shouts “Stop” and removes their ritual mask to reveal a dead man.
They said grace. As soon as they spoke their ‘Amens’, Ben and Dean, at the exact same moment reached for the serving spoon closest to them and grabbed large portions of stew and menudo.
Jack pulled himself from his thoughts. “Harper didn’t like me,” he said.
“I think I know you.”
Jesse looks at Jack, and then returns his gaze at the image. He sees on the top left corner there are a few words, “Hey, it says here “Superhero: Safety!” That’s a nice codename, don’t you think?” he asks.
Dean tried to reach for the burger but stopped when Castiel glared at him—
“Well, where?”
Bobby lets loose a dismissive sigh, “Okay, we finished all testing two weeks ago: extreme heat, extreme pressure, blunt force, sub-zero, scratch tests… even brought in Meg for tests against psychic energy.”
“I want to get to know you more, Jesse.”
“We’ll talk about the previous War some other time. I have a proposal for you,” Sam reveals.
“Having boy troubles?” Gabriel asks, wiggling his brows.
. Well, used to. Recently the Department of Defense has appointed him into a new position only given to five people. Now he goes by
They arrive back in the Garrison, every light in the ceiling brighter than usual. Jack sees his father standing near a large container van, and he walks up to him.
but he pressed on. “I asked why and they said any activity is a date as long as you liked the other person.”
Jesse then smiles at the other boy who took that as a signal to continue speaking. “And you have powers!” he says enthusiastically.
Both boys couldn’t hide their smiles. Jack was internally cursing himself for never taking the time to initiate any kind of conversation with Jesse before.
Sam pulls both girls into a hug. “I missed you two,” he says with a sweetness a little too much for Claire’s taste. But she doesn’t protest, she likes hugs. “Come on in!”
“Don’t think I’ve forgotten about you, dear Celeste,” Rowena points at Charlie, her burgundy-tipped finger rotating towards the other redhead. “My offer to teach you magic still stands!”
“Of what?” Kaia asks for her.
Jesse stared at the other boy, “What is?”
Rider chuckles, “Sam, you have a groupie.”
Then everything turns red. Every alarm in the Bunker goes off and the entire building is washed in crimson light. Every rune etched on the hallways and every post burn bright. The map table lights up and somewhere in the Northern Territory of Australia, a large red circle blinks rapidly. Castiel is clutching on the table, he isn’t in pain, but he feels a sudden rush of energy, he’s feeling overwhelmed, and it drains him.
wants. Right now her son had twice the family that anyone could ever have. And if there were needs she couldn’t provide, Ben always had his siblings and his dad. Even Castiel was there for Ben when he needed a different perspective. And she was grateful.
Berserker stops in his tracks and Jack stares at him. Jack thinks it’s because it’s impolite to come up to someone already in a conversation.
Berserker and Jack walk up to a quaint chapel in Lebanon, Kansas.
He can get used to this. “I know,” the blond says. “I just worry that it’ll happen again.”
“No, we could’ve protected ourselves if you taught us how to,” Claire reasons. Finally, Castiel closes his lips. There was truth in his daughter’s words.
Jack and Berserker hum in agreement. The more allies the better, but if the rogue Servant does prove to be a problem, they’ll have two astonishingly powerful Heroic Spirits to fight against.
The sun in the distance was falling asleep and its yawns made its flaxen light make the darkening clouds look like ripples through an orange sky. The soft crunch of their shoes on the pavement’s loose concrete was music to Jack’s ears. He couldn’t be any more happier with how this day turned out. As far as Mondays go that is.
Then it happens so fast. A figure covered in a black cloak and skull mask, crashes through the window, pins the man to the floor, and points a bone spear at Charlie and the leather-clad woman. The woman, quick on the uptake, materializes her gun and points at the comatose Master. Was this another Servant?
“Because your brother Cyrus is dead,” Cas says as such an aside that everyone except Meg and Henriksen stare at him. The other two not taking their eyes off Styne.
“Hmm. I don’t know about the records you’ve learned in school but Don and his wife Maggie were one of the many anomalies in the War. They each had one Command Spell and the supposed third could only be used when they agreed on it, is what they told me. Grand Caster was Rowena MacLeod and her Noble Phantasm, if she ever finished assembling the spell, could return all other Servants back into the Throne of Heroes. The couple was constantly targeted by the other Masters, so they went to us for safety,” Sam tells, his gangly arms theatrically moving as he told his story.
“Listen to your mother,” Dean pointed to Ben, but as if in bitter irony, a piece of meat escapes his lips and drops on the table beside his plate.
He steps back and lets the artificial being ram through door and announce themselves to the Thule inside. Aaron darts his eyes around and sees around eight Thule Society members (three of which have rifles).
Aaron stands up, “Excuse me?”
“I didn’t,” Jack says, eyes scanning their surroundings.
He pulls the grenade launcher from the Hunter and throws it to the side. “Stop launching grenades at people,” Angel demands, before facing the goon with the sliced throat. He presses his hand on the bleeding wound and it cauterizes in an instant.
brought down a building on you and you lived. Get up.”
He closed his locker as he turned and saw Jesse smiling at him. “Jesse!” he said with a wide smile.
It’s been a number of days now since he last saw Jack. Every now and then his mind would drift, and he’d check in on what the boy was doing. He shouldn’t have left so abruptly. Jesse remembers those gorgeous slate blue eyes, pleading, when Jack asked if they were friends. He wanted to know more about the golden boy.
Dean, rubbing on his eyes, mutters obscenities too early for a Saturday morning. “And why are they any important?”
“You have wings?” Jesse says a little louder than he should be speaking.
Her mom went missing during her senior year in high school. Disappeared without a trace after receiving a random call one day. The police investigators said that for some reason they couldn't trace the call. There was no caller ID and they couldn't pinpoint the location where the call came from.
them, Bobby! In your
“Okay,” Jody cut in. “Anymore emphasis on
“And you’re the only one in the family who’s been called a Superhero,” Gadrel jokes, nudging at Castiel’s sides. “You know I only agreed to be deployed here to cover for you for the day,” he says, smiling.
Jack nods with an effervescent smile and his eyes glow gold. His golden-brown wings partially materialize behind him, just enough to be visible yet not fully corporeal. He stretches one wing so Jesse could see his feathers that he so meticulously takes care of. He blushes when the other boy marvels at his most prized possession(?)
Most codenames are pretty straight forward. He thinks back to his father. He wears blue, he can heal people, and he has wings; that’s why the state of Illinois called him
Henriksen laughs, “Don’t mind him, boys. He’s just compensating.”
Grand Servants are only summoned by the Greater Grail to combat any one of the Beasts of Calamity. But if they are to be contracted into the service of a Master, they forfeit the title after the contract is fulfilled.
“We’ve gone on two dates, Claire!” Jack exclaimed.
“Sure it is,” Kaia quickly answered. She laughed again, loud as it was theatrical.
“I’ve been making them for special occasions. And you coming back is—I think—the most special of them all” shares Mrs. Butters.
“Relax, Sammy,” Dean breathes out. “Alaya said that the Mark is now something that only activates when I call its True Name.”
Then Jack stands there quietly, waiting for whatever his father has for him. He looks at Bobby as he walks to the side of the van’s backdoor, he brings out a tablet and presses a button on it, and the door slowly goes up. Then he sees feet.
The golem tries pulling on the door handle but it was locked so Aaron tries to pick it. He brings out his tools and then suddenly the Golem grabs him by the shoulders again. He looks up and sees lights flashing an unnatural purple through the windows and the voice of a woman screaming is growing louder and louder.
“No, it’s okay.”
Castiel smiles at Bobby’s infamous derision. “I was tempted to come here one minute before an hour before closing,” he jokes.
Rowena pauses and stares at Jesse and then looks at Jack with a knowing smile. “Okay, I’ll leave you wee laddies alone,” she says before turning around, possibly back to the Garrison.
“What the hell is happening?” Meg shouts, her voice barely heard over the blaring alarm system.
“One: you’re wearing a hospital gown.”
“I’m just wondering how you’re a Berserker and I can still have a conversation with you,” Jacks shares as plainly as he could. There are other questions running in his mind but decides against them for now. “Won’t the Mad Enhancement mess with your ability to think clearly?”
"AND LUC IN LOLLIPOPS!" Anna added.
Dean POV
“Alrighty. Do whatever it is you kids do.”
I threw off my shoes and plopped into bed. It was warm today so I pulled off my clothes and stayed in my boxers. I sighed relieved to be out of my clothes and getting some breeze. I closed my eyes ready for another day in hell.
"Ready for breakfast?" He said, throwing the food down.
“Yea... I get it. Hey, Charlie is a friend of mine. What do you say we get together and make this work for her?” Cas suggested.
Suddenly, Dean was far more interested in the lesson being taught today. Sam would never stop teasing him if he knew, but Dean loved learning, he relished it.
"Hey Bee," Dean said.
“Well, that’s most definitely not what I was expecting.”
“Don’t worry! I called him earlier, he said he was on his way,” I smiled thankful that I had decided to call my brother earlier that day.
When I walked in, I was taken by surprise. Cas wasn't awake and he didn't look any better than before, if anything he looked worse. I looked over at the nurse with a concerned face and her face quickly went from embarrassment to pity.
"I know but-"
“I’m not,” Dean looked at me shocked and with a look of fake betrayal. He wrapped his arms around me, embracing me in a warm and loving hug. I expected him to retreat his arms but they stayed there and before long I was out like a light. Although this light wasn’t fully gone and I was partly awake. I could hear Dean telling the others to be quiet because I was sleeping. I could hear them grumbling but not fighting back, knowing I need my sleep. I could hear and feel Dean shuffle around slightly before settling down and falling asleep. Once I heard the soft breaths coming out of his mouth, I allowed myself to fully go out. I didn’t mind this one bit. Perhaps, I could sleep with Dean like this more often. Perhaps, Dean would want to sleep like this more often. I just hope that soon we will be able to be in our own room, in our own home. I kissed Dean’s hand subconsciously before I had fully fallen asleep.
Little did Dean know that would be the start of his love story with Castiel Novak and the beginning of a new story for the two of them. Not long after, Dean and Cas’ fake relationship turned into a real one. Charlie got with Rowena and Sam confessed to being in a relationship with Eileen. Gabriel seemed a little crushed about both Eileen and Rowena being taken, however, he ended up continuing with his prankster ways. Dean and Castiel got married on Valentines Day and their real relationship began on November 5th.
“Gosh, our lives sound like they’re out of one of those trashy fan fics,” Dean joked, half-smiling.
"I gotta head over to the bathroom but I'll head back over soon!" I call out while running off towards the bathroom.
“Alright, let’s get to it,” Meg pulled up a chair, “okay. So, tell me more about this Lisa.”
I laid back down on the couch and set my alarm. This time, I let myself fall asleep, and for good this time. Time to get ready for another day in hell.
“Okay, that’s cute and all but get a room,” Gabe said.
Dean ultimately decided on a cheeseburger before glancing up to look at his date. Dean was surprised when he looked up to see Castiel Novak staring up at him with wide eyes, examining him, taking him in. Dean wanted to say something but he felt like the wind had been knocked out of him, his breath was caught in his throat. He placed his menu down before taking in a breath and deciding to play it cool.
There was no place I would rather have been at that very moment. All the clouds moved out, the drizzle stopped, the fog rolled away, and it was brighter than ever before. Brighter than ever thought - no ever imagined, before. At that moment, our flames mixed and we became the sun. We became what brightened up each other’s days. We became unstoppable.
“C’mon, you know it's true. You wouldn’t like a minute,” Dean joked around.
“Baby, if you don’t like parties that’s not something to be ashamed about,” Dean said, comforting me.
“Who is to say there has to be an error? What if it all goes smoothly and you’re just blinded with all the light,” I questioned.
I laid back on my bed as my head filled with so many questions and so little answers. So, now this boy can’t be mine?
Castiel POV
Standing there at the door, was none other than Gabe holding a gift basket, and edibles. In a different hand, he had sweets and papers. His backpack was halfway down his shoulder. He had some flowers in his mouth and piles of paper barely being contained in his arms. He somehow managed to smuggle in Miracle, my dog, in a separate backpack on his back. Bags of food were placed where he could hold them. He rushed in, barely making it in on time to drop most of the papers and baskets onto the table.
I look to the other box and open it. Inside there were pills
"I'm sorry" We say at the same time
"You should say goodbye to dad, before we leave "he says sadly
"Um, you can put it right by the closet."  he nods and walks over to the closet and puts his stuff down
" Hmm Castiel. Such a pretty name. I'll keep that in mind" I let go of his collar and he drops with a groan. I turn around to go back to my room to wash the blood off me.
"Well, um before I tell you I just want you to know that I love you and I'm doing this for our family and kingdom and if there was any other option than I would do that option."
" What's going on?" I say while walking in the room
I enter my room and I see cas sitting on the bed reading his book. he looks up at me when he hears the door close and he gasps. He quickly gets up and walks over to me
As I begin to walk out I run into my eldest son, Dean
" It's 6:45" When Gabriel says that my eyes widen and I scurry out of bed and I hurry over to the closet and I grab my navy blue dress shirt and black dress pants.
I look at my clock and it reads 9:30 am. I have some time to kill so I think I'll take a shower and go hangout with Charlie and Benny. I told them about the arrangement and Benny was sad and Charlie was upset to say the least. They told my that they had heard about Castiel. They told me that he was a shy and to put it lightly.. a prude. I mean total virgin
"But dad that's less than a year!" Dean is staring eyes wide and mouth opened at his father.
"Dean, you know how I told you that the meeting with chuck went well" I nod my head" Well we found a way to stop the war and conjoin the kingdoms and the only way that we could do that was-"
"Fine. But don't say I didn't warn you" Crowley turn on his heel and leaves
After I get dressed I walk into the library. And start to look for a book
"It was an arrangement if winchester married an angel then the war between heaven and hell would end. " lucifer laughed
"Please fu-ahh" I was interrupted but the feeling of his cock entering my tight hole.
"Deano, for what do I owe the pleasure?" he smiles at me eerily. I look towards the guards then back at alistair
"No, thanks" I got up and walked towards the door.  I look back towards him
"You would do it if it was mom" He immediately backed off if I was being completely honest I expected and punch but when I looked at him I almost saw understanding
" I think he is in one of the other bedrooms."
"Racheal, Dumah, Aneal, Afriel, that bitch naomi?"
"Dad!" he says in a raspy voice. he clears his throat " We aren't talking about this right now. We just got married last month. It's too early to talk about kids." I decided to speak up at this time
"Woah, want any help with that?"He asks
"I meant, is it possible for him to talk to others who are out of the cage telepathically?"
" Ahh yes, the time were I kicked your ass in training"
"How?" I asked, which was no point because I already knew the answer.
I wake up to the sound of my door opening.
I put on my shoes and I head towards the courtyard were I see one of my training buddies Garth.
While I was waking down the aisle I found it harder to move, harder to breathe. I guess my brother notice because he squeezed my arm. I was walking down the aisle with my dad on one side and Gabriel on the other. I was still mad at my dad for doing this to me but I wanted to be with him because I don't know when the next time I see him will be.
"What are you doing?" I look back at him. He is standing with his arms crossed while tapping his foot on the ground.
"Just because I like reading romance novels doesn't mean I am a chick" I roll my eyes at him
I got into my car and I started driving from Charlie's house. I was speeding because I had to be there in 20 minutes and I had to change into something that didn't make me look like a bum. I mean I wanted to make a good first impression. I pull into the parking garage and run to my room. I enter my room and there is my bitch of a brother waiting for me.
"Ewwwww Gabriel we did not need to know that" I say.
Lucifer was unhappy and he wanted more than what was in heaven. So he went down to earth and met a women named Kelly Kline. they fell in love and had even had a kid. But one day when lucifer was out shopping his family had been killed by demons. Lucifer went crazy, he had went on a killing spree. he had killed demons,4 humans and even angels. Eventually dad had to lock him up. He is now in the cage in hell.
"Castiel. you don't recognize your own brothers voice?" I look around again and I see someone appear right in front of me.
"Oh my fuck" I gasped. It hurt like hell  if I'm being honest. I've read that it can be uncomfortable for the receiving  side but that was a little bit of an understatement. I mean it's not like dean is small because he is definitely well endowed.
"But-" My father puts his hand up to silence him.
"Thanks babe. I've just been working non-stop" I sit back down and put my head on my desk. I hear cas pick up the papers I were signing
"I can't believe you would this to him, I know you and dean had your disagreements but I didn't you hated him that much"
"I'm sorry dean but Sam isn't joking.Sam please leave so I can talk to your brother." My dad said on a sad/ serious tone. As sam was leaving the room he smiled sadly at me while patting me on my back. I started to get a little anxious for what's to come.
" Hey dean-bean long time no see." He claps my shoulder
About 5 hours later while I was getting ready for bed when I heard a flutter of wings and I turned around.It was Samandrial.He nodded his head and said that he delivered the letter to chuck,and with that he left.Now all that I could do was wait.
"I do"
By the end of the day with the help of my brother, I am finished packing. I looked around the room ,the room was empty aside from the boxes filled with my books and my suit case filled with clothes and my necessities. As I looked around I felt the tears threaten to fall. I ask Gabe to leave so I can be alone. He nods his head and leaves
"Dean... it's five am"
"Yes of course, Samandrial I remember, I mean of course I do, I made you "I chuckled
"You have 10 minutes to make yourself look presentable."
Gabriel chuckles "oh my sweet baby bro, of course, you can get pregos, your grace takes care of the baby" Hurt starts to wash over me "I don't understand do you think I wouldn't be a good parent?" I ask with a frown on my face.
"Well, I got to go do some stuff" Oh thank god I thought
"yeah, I'm fine" I turn around and I see dean who is already dressed.
"SAM! HELP ME!" Alastair pushes my cheek into the ground again
When I get out of the shower, I put on my clothes and pack the rest of my stuff and head out to the east wing to move into my new room. I hope Castiel has already left.
"Let me pass" I say in a commanding tone. They move aside. I open the door and walk in to see the cage that holds lucifer. I see 2 guards by the cage just chatting away.
About 20 minutes after dean leaves Lucifer pays me a visit
"ok, ok you kicking my ass is a over statement."
"Yes sir,I caught him myself"
"Hey cas"
"How are you doing your father announced the date of the wedding to the kingdom. I'm sure that this is hard for you." Charlie says in a sympathetic tone.
"Relax, I'm not late."
" your right. I wanted to see how you and castiel adjusting to married life. but judging how you guys are sleeping in different bedrooms, I guess I got my answer."
He takes some warm water and dabs it on my knuckles to clean off the blood. Then he pours some alcohol on the clean side of the cloth and starts cleaning the wound very gently. I look at his face and I see his brows furrowed in concentration with his tongue  sticking out a little. he finishes my right hand and moves on to my left hand
Deans POV
"OK..... you killed him right?"
"Dad! We just met last week I don't even know that much about him. I'm not ready to have sex with him yet" he scoffed and rolled his eyes at me.
" Castiel, I'm well aware that it is going to happen sooner or later. But we should get to know each other before it does." he lets go of my arm and I turn to face him
"Yeah, yeah ok. Just get me out of here"
I get my water and I go back to bed.
"Good, So I wanted to talk to you guys about something" uh oh. I feel like I know what he is going to say
"It was your idea to steal food dumbass."
"Excuse me?" He says looking stunned
" Hey Garth, we just saw each other 2 days ago."
"don't call him that" I cut him off in a cold tone
"Of course your majesty" I turn to leave, but I hear a new voice come in
"Come in" I yelled
" So. want to tell me what this 'little spat' was all about" he says still looking at my hand
I walk into the throne room to see my dad talking to a commoner obviously bored of whatever his is saying
I take off my gloves and put my gun back in my back pocket and start to walk back home
I sat up in my bed and I was very thirsty. I got up and head to the kitchen and I heard clattering.
"Cassie! Wake up! "Ugh its my brother
"Now, crowely!"God damn bastard was always trying to boss me around.
Deans POV
"I do. But you don't have to do this just because of what I did for you" I shut him up with a kiss. I reach for the bottom of my shirt to tug it off and throw it in the floor.
"Hey Cassie, whats wrong " He says in a soft tone
"It's nothing. I just got into a little spat with someone." I shrug and I take off my jacket
"C'mon cassie it's been forever since we talked one on one"
"What he did to cas took a toll on his mental health. He is living in fear whenever I'm not there. He tries to put on a brave face but I know he is suffering. I'm doing this for cas."  I shrug his hand off my shoulder.
" Ahh. You sure you weren't just looking for a fight?" He says while taking a bandage and wrapping it around my hand.
"Don't play dumb dean, it's time for you and castiel to consummate your marriage"  I raised my eyebrows in surprise
"None taken, I mean I was born a demon so, it's not like I chose to be here. But most of the people that come here are decent they just sell their souls to us in exchange for something"
"Um I don't understand, what is this?" I say cocking my head to the side
"Actually I think I do want to do this"
I walk out of my room thinking about what does my father want with me. He usually talks to me about serious matters about the war or if I did something wrong. It's usually the latter. I haven't done anything to bad the past few weeks I usually keep to myself in my room during the day and go out and party at night. I'll get into the occasional bar fight but nothing big.
In this chapter there is mention of Rape/torture. Please don't read if easily triggered. I will mark the beginning and end of the chat with *
I examine the room. there is a king size bed with red sheets and red pillows. The room was painted white. There was a desk in the corner of the room. I assume for deans work. There is a door one one side of the room that leads to a closet and another that leads to a bathroom. I look around the room and walk over to the bed, I lie down on the bed and I look over to to the clock on the wall and it reads 5:00. I have some time to kill, so I close my eyes and rest my head on the pillow.
I was feeling a lot lighter after the hug. Maybe it was the first time in a month since I have had physical contact. Or maybe because it was the first time that me and dean have touched (Other from the night on our wedding)
"I'm gonna go take a shower and go to bed, I'm pretty tired" he rubs the back of his neck
"Why the hell not?"
" First off, that is no excuse to cheat. Second of you never asked me to help you 'satisfy your needs' I'm not a mind reader dean, if you need or want something. Be a big boy and use your words"
Sorry this took a while I had writers block. But I’m happy with the outcome I just wish it hadn’t taken so long. I hope you enjoy if there are any errors pls tell me. Thanks for reading😊❤️
"Okay I'll meet you in the dining hall."
"I think that it's time for you and Castiel to head upstairs" he said with suggestive tone
"Wow. How many people are complete bastard while there living? 50,000 souls come here per week? What the hell how hard is it to be a decent person." he looks at me a nervously smiles "No offense" he hands me back the paper
"Do you really want me to answer that?" Lucifer cocks an eyebrow
"Yeah but Cas and I aren't ready for that" All I could do is nod along with dean. I don't really know what to say at this point in time.
"Okay. the angel. As I was saying dad told me to tell you that the Shurley family are coming to stay with us next week so we can get to know them before you and the angel get ya know, hitched."
"Wow there are alot of fucked up people in the world"
"Dean" he said
Dungeon:
"I don't know. he just said 'Go get Dean and send him here for a personal matter'"
"No, five more minutes" I say groggily
"You looked so peaceful, I know that ever since dad told you that he was marrying you off, you haven't been getting enough sleep. Plus I like to see that frazzled look on your face.
"Enter." I see a the guard from the cage. What was his name? Belpha-something
The rest of dinner was silent or at least me and Castiel were. We didn't even look each other in the eyes. It was so awkward. How was I supposed to spend the rest of my life with this awkward little dude, who probably wouldn't know a relationship if it came up and bit him in the ass.
"Well what is it?"I asked in a annoyed tone.
" Ok, I will be there" I turn and leave to go back to the guest room"
I leave the room before he can respond. I admit I was a little pissy and rude, but he deserved it. In heaven marriage was a very sacred bond. There are even rules to be followed for newlyweds. You can't leave your partners side through sickness. No lying you must be a open book and NO ADULTERY of any kind. I understand that dean and I were forced into this but I intend to keep my vows and stay true to the rules of marriage.
"Ok,ok just give me  minute"I said as I walked back into my room
Dear King John Winchester
"Oh. my. dad. My baby brother is here? In hell shackin up with a demon? Wooo I always knew that my baby bro had a wild side to him."
"Alright, alright I'm up" I say rubbing my eyes
"No" I open my book and resume reading
"Prince Dean Winchester got married? Huh I thought it would be centries until that playboy settled down"
"Nothing"
"We could combine the kingdoms. By my son Castiel and your son-"
"Take care of him or else." He says while shaking deans hand and possibly squeezing it judging by dean face.
When Castiel and I get to our room. We kinda just stand there awkwardly.
" I don't know little words here and there like 'Cassie, soon, team, together' Something like that I don't really pay attention" Cassie that name sounds familiar. I have I slept with a cassie before?
I lay down on my bed. I start to really come to terms with my fate.I start to cry quietly for a few minutes before it turns into full blown sobbing. That night I cried myself to sleep, But trying to enjoy the last night that I have in my home ,in my own room, in my own bed before I am sharing it with a demon.
After lunch dean left to go do some training so I went to the library to do some light reading. When I enter the library it is empty, which is great because I like absolute quiet when I read. I pick out my book at I go to sit on the couch. I open my book and just as I start reading I hear a voice calling my name.
"I mean how are you able to communicate with me. You are in the cage it should dampen your powers"
I was in my throne room and may I say that I was bored out of my mind. When all of a sudden I heard a flutter of wings and I jumped in my seat.
"Gabriel! Why are you giving me this?" I ask in a loud whisper
"Ehh their mistakes pay my salary" I hear a new voice enter the conversation
"My apologies ,sir" the angel said
" why isn't he in here" I sit up in my bed and rub my face
"Dean, we will worry about Alistair later. Right now you need to calm down." The fuck did he just say? How dare he say that?
" Good bye, brother" and with that he walks away.
"Get up and get dressed in something nice."
When I get out of the shower I realize that I have no clothes except for my nightgown and my robe. So I dry myself off and put on my robe and make my way to dean and I's room.
After Michael left my father was very sad.
"Um...I need you to pack all of your things."
What do I have to lose?
"Good luck on your meeting dad I hope you find a solution. " Cas says as he leaves.
"Fine." I see him pick up a pillow and his book.
"Dean just because you are able to do this doesn't mean you should. You are a prince you are supposed to keep your hands clean"
" what do you think I'm doing? I'm moving to a different room for the time being"
"No, no there will be no more of that" he says while wiping up a tear off my cheek.
I woke up and went to the bathroom and got ready. I put on my best suit.I mean I have to dress to impress. I ate breakfast with my kids (Gabriel and Castiel) age in that order I have two other sons (Micheal and Lucifer), but they left due too the war and Gabriel wants to leave heaven, but he can't stand leaving Cas.
"Like what?" I question
"Tomorrow"
"I mean, I guess I could manage if you married me off to another angel, hell I could mange and lower class demon,but the prince of hell, dean freaking Winchester!"
"Sup, baby bro how does it feel to be a married man?" He says grinning at me. I give him my best bitch face that I could give him.
"listen I'm going to have to cut this short I have some business to take care of. See ya later Cassie"
"I  have a son. So what is your plan?"He said
"Good"
"This douche bag was talking some shit so I put him in his place" I grumbled
"Yeah, how are you"
"I'm not stupid, Dean and I would appreciate it if you didn't treat me as such" he says while crosses his arms
I see dean getting closer and closer until I'm at the alter. I feel Gabriel let go of my arm and whisper something in my ear.
"Dean, don't go down this road."  I turn around and look him in the eyes.
Hi it's me the author. I just wanted to let you know that there is attempted rape in this chapter. I know some people are triggered by it so I will mark it with a #. Please don't read if triggered easily you don't have to read it to understand the story fully. Most of the chapter will be in Dean's POV.  Oh there is also some violence I will mark the spot with a # when it start, Pls don't read if easily triggered this is a heavy chapt. Thanks for reading :)
But most of all I missed my family. I'll admit we has our disagreements but we all loved each other. Don't get me wrong I'm still pissed at my father for putting me in this situation, but it was for the best the more that I think about it. But I miss my father telling me stories about the kingdom and how he would sometimes take me out to the forest to train. How he would always try to find time to hangout with me and gabe. Family is very important in heaven. Especially in our family because we have lost a lot.
"Well dean, look at you standing up for your angel bitch." he smirks at me
"What do you think he said?"
"You called?"Crowely said with a smug tone
"Yeah, You have a bunch of girl and boy candy to keep you satisfied" He said in a snarky tone
"Yes sir"I handed her the letter and she flew away.
Cas got worse
"If there is something you need to know you will know Crowley"
"Woah, woah, dean-o beano it's just me." I turn on the light and Gabriel was standing there with MY secret batch of cookies.
Sorry this chapter took so long I was really busy but here ya go, let me know what you think.
"I love you, Cas, take care of yourself"
"It's ok. I was going to go plant some flowers in the garden for the bees" I hear castiel speak up. He gives me a kiss on the cheek and closes the door on the way out
This is so unfair He promised, he promised me that I would never have to do this. I hate this, I hate my stupid father, I hate this stupid war with these stupid dumbass demons. I hate the fact that I'm in this situation. This war isn't my fault, so why am I fixing it ,why am I the one who is paying the price. Why is this my life,my reality.
“Well… you could make it up to me with pancakes and coming with me to see mom tomorrow!”
Jesse lightly drums the tabletop. “So that’s it,” he cooed. “Hey, is there… by any chance, that you said this is “home” in the last 24 hours?” he says, gesturing around him.
Clive snaps back into the present, “I'm good. Let's go meet your mom.”
“What's your name?” she asked, taking a handful more of fries.
“Me,” Delphine finally looks at him, “Assassin.”
“You were completely still for a whole minute there,” said Jesse. “I thought my screen froze or something.”
Aaron sends out a soft burst of magical energy around the area. It’s weak enough to be imperceptible but it will tell him if there any people containing magic circuits nearby, like a magical sonar. He nearly shouts, frightened because of the large hand suddenly perched on his shoulder. He turns around and sees the Golem, surprisingly quiet despite it’s 7’ height and large build.
, the original, one of the Grand Archer’s Noble Phantasm and his primary weapon. He wanted to use that again but he remembered that it was destroyed a few years after the previous War.
So Dean drinks. He drinks until he can’t anymore, and then he drinks some more.
,” Gabriel had wailed, and Castiel can still hear the cries now. What was he supposed to say to that? It was true - and yet Chuck Novak had never shown a flicker of any kind of love towards his four children. Castiel remembers pulling his younger brother close, whispering soothing words until the usually-vibrant boy had fallen asleep, snuffling as he did.
“Anna, sit up straight,” Chuck barked at his daughter. “And for goodness’ sake, would you take a brush through that unruly hair of yours?”
“What the hell, Cas?” he gasps, clutching his abdomen.
Gabe shrugged noncommittally, kicking a stone absentmindedly as they walked back to Gabe’s house after school. It was a long-time tradition for the 2 boys, seeing as Gabe’s dad was never around. They would shuck their shoes off and dump their bags, then clamber up the stairs to Gabe’s bedroom to battle it out on Mario Kart 64. Sometimes, Castiel would join them, and even less often so would Anna, Gabe and Cas’ sister. She had long, straight red hair and big, wide eyes. Sometimes she gave Dean butterflies, too - but not as many as Cas.
“So?” he retorts childishly. Castiel says nothing, his head tilting. He reaches forward and Dean flinches – Castiel shoots an incredulous look at him – before the angel’s index and middle fingers plant themselves in the middle of his forehead and something in his guts clenches. He winces, gasping for air, and Castiel’s fingers are gone.
I looked at him confused and astonished. Just Lisa? I thought Lisa mattered to him more than I do. I wondered if maybe, just maybe, there was a possibility Dean did have feelings for me. My thoughts rushed back to when he was younger and how he thought- or so he claims- that he was bi. Maybe he truly is but the sad truth is consuming him and terrifying him because of his father. I looked back up at him and at this moment, that's when I knew, I loved Dean Winchester. There was no doubt about it, most people in the books fall in love right away but this... no this wasn't right away, this took time. We started as friends and the feelings and longings soon evolved to more. I just wonder if Dean feels the same, if he has that same longing, that same attraction, that pull that I have. Dean walked over to his spot on the chair and pulled out a box from underneath. Inside I could smell the gracious smell of food. He opened it up to reveal a delicious steak. I knew I wanted to eat it and I knew how much it would hurt but right now I just wanted to sit down and eat with Dean dammit! I just want to know he cares, just a little bit...
I could hear her footsteps as she shuffled to the other side. Her dark hair flowed as she rushed to the other side. She seemed confident as she walked to the other side. I got a quick glance at her name tag and read the name Meg.
“Destiel?”
And the texts went on....
Class went by slowly, Dean watched the clock as it slowly ticked by. Castiel had begun to pass notes with people around him and Dean decided to pull out his phone so that he could audio record the lesson and return to it later. He then pulled out his sketchbook and turned to look at Castiel, his pencil lightly making its way across the paper as the led formed into the outline of Castiel’s face. He began adding in details, but before he knew it, class was over and it was time to head out and make his way to the other. He quickly closed his sketch book and shoved it into his bag along with his half-finished notes and the textbook he didn’t use.
I ran into a room and back out to see Sammy standing there. I looked him dead in the eye as we silently decided to make a run for it. We ran down the stairs and into the kitchen for a quick morning snack. We ran out the front door, I was thankful to see that Cas and Dean were waiting outside in the oh so amazing '67 Chevy Impala.
Before he could get away, I pushed him through the door and shut it behind him. I closed the curtain around us and shoved Crowley down to the floor. If he hurt my Bee I would make sure he would never do that ever again.
“I hate you so much,” Sam chuckled, getting back up and giving his brother a hug before he got out of the car and threw his backpack on. He closed the door gently, leading forward and poking his head through the window so that he could hand his brother the homework he had neglected on the table this morning. Dean reached his arm out and gratefully took his homework, shooting finger guns at Sam and giving him a smile. Sam just shook his head, the lopsided grin on his face didn’t leave as he walked away, making Dean’s day.
Cas show me a glare and then scoffed, “you would never.”
I heard the door squeak open and turned to find a nurse walk in. Her focus was centered on a paper attached to a clipboard, she viciously clicked her pen as she read through it all. Her gaze slowly drifted up and to me, her mouth dropped open for just a moment before collecting herself. She seemed shocked and surprised to find that I had awoken. Soon, I saw that look wiped right off her face. She ushered Dean out with his stuff and whispered something in his ear that made him stop in his tracks. His eyes quickly darted my direction before he was pushed out the door. I didn't notice it at first, but now that Dean was gone I could hear it loud and clear, the monitor line was shaky and it sounded awfully close to going flat.
His head whipped around to try and see who had called out to him. I smiled once he looked up at me and I could see his body relax a bit before it tensed up some more. He quickly whipped away his tears and hid his face in his hands.
"Dean?"
Dean POV
“Yes! Yes! Yes! And there is so much more!”
“A movie no, but a book with the proper spells could theoretically kill me,” the man joked. His voice sounded all too familiar but I’m too out of it to try and figure out why.
"I LOVE YOU CASTIEL NOVAK!"
"W-what?"
"Hey! Brother, we were just talking about Crowley," Benny says as he pats my shoulder.
“What?”
“Oh, thank you,” she flattened out her hospital attire and walked to the person on my right.
“What’s wrong?” I asked him.
"What about him today?" I reply, flashing my famous smirk.
“Okay! I have no idea. Maybe it's because of some lady I made out with on accident and told to get out of my car,” Dean questioned.
“Dean, calm down, the food isn’t going to run away anywhere,” Sam said calmly.
I woke up in the morning and went to make breakfast. I assumed that Cas was grumpy about how I was distancing myself from him so I could spend time with my girlfriend. It's not like it mattered much anyways, Cas is only my friend. Nothing more, nothing less, and it never would be. I kissed Lisa's forehead as I left her sleeping body, striding over to the kitchen. Cas had awoken earlier on too and though I would never admit it out loud, I wanted to make breakfast for him too.
“Alright, what i’m getting from this is that she’s kind of mean but crappy to you boys,” Meg pointed at Cas and Sam, “that right?”
“Of course it is alright,” I chuckled, placing a small kiss on his forehead.
My head whipped around to try and see who was calling out, scared that it was Crowley. I relaxed once I realized it was Dean, until I realized he could see my crying and all my bruises and cuts and everything in between. I  quickly whipped my tears and hid my face.
“Okay.”
Not long later, I heard the familiar and all too beautiful rumbling of Baby. I looked up to see Sammy in the driver's seat. I would have growled at him to get out had I not been in the situation I was in; instead I nodded my head at him and watched as he got out.
“Did that really just happen? What happened to ‘you should talk to her’?” I questioned.
“First of all, those ideas seem pretty far fetched. Second, stop waving that comb at me like it’s some sort of threat. Third, get your act together Winchester, you’ve gone through much worse and this is what gets at you?! A boy sitting next to you in class. I know for a fact that you’ve dealt with much worse, you’ve probably gone to hell and back at this point, twice!” Charlie exclaimed, grabbing the comb and looking at Dean’s hair with satisfaction. She ushered Dean towards their next class and continued talking, “If anything, you should be concerned about the bill you’re going to have to pay next week or the groceries you’re going to have to buy. Should I mention the college fees? What about your dad coming over next weekend? What about the party that’s being held at your place this Friday! The list goes on! Should I keep naming things?”
They got to class and went to their seats, Dean didn’t pay much attention to this once, truth be told he didn’t pay any attention at all. Lunch was up next and all he could think about was how hungry he was. He turned his phone on, began recording,  rested his head on the wall, and fell asleep. Sleep always managed to make time go by faster and his dreams were always unique ones, consisting of monsters and weapons.
“I don’t know. Do you think she did?” Cas lifted his eyebrow and pressed his lips together, straightening them out as he thought.
“Someone tell Luc to give me the phone back!” Ana cried from afar.
Charlie shrugged, “I told my friend I would supply one handsome guy with an amazing personality and she agreed to do the same. We never told each other who it would be. I’ll ask her for some more details tonight. Just… be ready. I don’t need you showing up like a trainwreck. I really need this to work out.”
“I LOVE YOU!” Dean shouted and then laughed.
“Oh. My. Gosh. I will never be able to forget that,” I groaned.
I still can’t wrap my head around the fact that Dean ended up in the hospital. I am not sure why, I am not sure how, and I have no idea how he ended up in my room. Just when I was starting to forget about Dean, he managed to claw his way back into my life, back into my heart, back into my soul. I loved the damn fool so much that just one sight of his smile and I fell in love with him all over again. I know it is wrong to be in love with my best friend and that is exactly why I have to get over it. I have to pretend like I don’t like him that way, like I don’t love him, like I don’t live to see him smile.
"Hey, Cas? I just wanna tell you that I'm sorry," Dean said regretfully.
“Of course I do, my love,” I smiled up at him and fought through the pain as I got up and walked over to his bed. Once I got to him, I brushed the loose strands of hair back and kissed him. It was warm, passionate, soft, and filled with love. I dreamt of this and it was everything and more. I pulled away to look at him and his beautiful rosy cheeks.
"Umm... nothing, just a misunderstanding," Crowley tried to convince me.
“Hey kiddo, how’d your day go?”
“What do you want, Novak?” Dean replied, whipping around to face him.
Sam broke out in a fit of giggles and had to put his hands on his stomach to try and stop himself. You could tell that all that air hurt but he couldn’t stop his fit of laughter and that only made Dean laugh which then caused me to laugh. It was a domino effect that caused us all to laugh. Soon, we realized the reason behind this laughter was because Sam got a video of Dean looking up at the ceiling with a red and bruised up face with wounds, connected to monitors. I was next to him in my bed connected to monitors as well but in the video it looked like I was right next to Dean. When Sam pressed play on the video, Dean screamed I love you and then slumped back and stared pointlessly at his feet until the video stopped. I struggled to contain my laughter and then broke out crying through my laughs because it hurt so much.
“Cut what out?”
When I came out as gay to the school last year, a lot of people had taken that as a reason to bully me some more. I always struggled with being bullied. My name, clothes, and weak way of being didn't help. Dean was one of the most popular boys in the school. He always tried to help but his friends always forcefully pulled him back.
“You bet your angel's blade!” Gabe smiled, lollipop hanging out of his mouth.
“I like it.”
“What about her?” Dean looked confused for  a moment before the realization struck him.
I looked at Dean, shock consuming our gazes as we glanced at one another. Gabe practically choked in his candy, Sam pounding against his chest to pop the candy back up. Meg’s face flushed red once Gabe  spat up the chewy caramel candy. Miracle’s reaction was delayed before she too responded, her whines filling up the room before Sam walked over to silence her. Sam walked over, scooping her up and quieting her before she could make more noise. We all hushed her along with Sam, fearing she may attract attention from the nurses.
Crowley looked around and his eyes went wide when they settled on me. He shifted around and he immediately shoved his hands in his pockets. I got up from the floor and handed my jacket to Cas so he could be warm.
“Aw, I’m sorry to hear that, Darling,” Meg turned to look at Dean and then her gaze flickered between me and Dean.
“Okay, let’s watch Balthy’s so hated movie,” Gabe laughed, holding up a DVD player and the movie.
Sammy seemed to understand as his long legs seemed to skip to the passenger’s seat. He left my door- the driver’s side- open and ready for me to come take over. I dragged myself up high enough with the support of a nearby street light and wobbled over to my rightful spot. I shut the door in perfect sync with Sammy and drove off. We got to a gas station to fill up Baby and Sammy needed to take a leak.
“No, but time sure as hell will!” Dean yelled before running to get everything else together. Before Sam knew it, he was being pushed out the door and towards the impala that Dean seemed to love more than his life and pie put together. Sam chuckled knowing that although Dean loved his impala more than almost anything in the world, Dean would always drop anything and everything for his little brother. Dean locked the door and unlocked the impala, reminding Sam to be gentle with his baby. Dean hopped into the car around the same time Sam did, the brothers closing their doors in unison. Dean started up the car and sped off, running a few stop signs along the way. Sam swallowed the rest of his toast--Dean had finished his earlier--and began to put his notebooks away in his bag.
"Cas!?" I lunged onto Cas and hugged him tight but pulled back when he went into a fit of coughing and groaning in pain.
“Let me see you,” I whined using my baby voice.
“What? It’s not my fault the bitch forgot her shit,” Gabe said darkly before hiding his face in Sam’s chest. Gabe wrapped his arms around the earth of Sam’s waist. I smiled, seeing Sam’s face light up like a million fireworks.
“Yep, couldn’t agree more. Amazing plan,” I laughed.
His face flushed red and suddenly he became a flustered mess.
“Hey, is Naomi still on the call?” Gabe asked.
“Hey! Cassie,” she walked over, “ what are you guys doing? Erm, Cas? Dean?”
Sam grumbled as he walked away. He grabbed Gabe’s arm and yanked him off the floor. I watched as the poor kid got dragged to Sam’s room. He seemed pretty content as he sucked on his sucker and Sam averted to grabbing his leg instead. I chuckled to myself as I watched them go into Cas’ room.
“Psh, say it louder I want to hear it again,” Sam said.
I could hear footsteps running down the hall but no matter how fast they ran none of them matched the pace my mind was going and none of them no matter how slow could match the slowing rate of my heart.  I took in a shaky breath. I could feel my body become overwhelmed by exhaustion but I knew I had to keep fighting. Time seemed like it was slowing, the footsteps sounded faint and distant, the speed they were going at felt much slower than it really was. I could hear the ticks of the clock slowly passing by. The ticks grew louder and louder within each one. Although I knew I had to keep fighting, my mind was telling me otherwise. Although I knew I was not alone, every inch of my thought process was telling me otherwise. Perhaps, Dean would be happier this way. He loves Lisa after all, what harm could it do? Just giving in to the blissful peace, the beautiful empty. Dean has Lisa and Gabe has Sam, everyone else can figure themselves out. They don't need me. It'll be alright, I'm just a problem for them anyways, they wouldn't care if I'm broken but they wouldn't want me that way either. With those thoughts, I could feel the ticks suddenly get faster and louder and the noise was so unbearable I felt like my ears would explode. I could feel the ticks like a person could feel their heart in the pit of their stomach except I couldn't feel my heart as much as I wish I could. I could hear the footsteps getting closer. My vision grew weaker as my eyes began to flutter shut. I could see the door get pushed open and Dean fighting with doctors and security trying to push his way in.
"Cas?" Dean asked me, he was happy to see that I was enjoying the food he made.
"Rough day?" I asked Cas, poking his ribs gently.
I groaned as I got up from my bed, last time Dean was here it didn’t end well and I had asked the nurses and my family not to let him in because I didn’t want to let him see me like this. While I was here, I befriended the nurse, her name being Meg. Soon, one thing led to another and though it may seem unprofessional we began to date. She would come over and leave flowers on my desk and wonderful little love letters neatly hidden inside. We would sneak in kisses with one another and sweet talk each other. She would bring up references I did not know and soon enough I loved her. Though I may not love her just as much as I do Dean, she’s what I’ve got and I am grateful to have her. Perhaps, she could be what will allow me to get over my love for Dean Winchester.
“You know he’s a brainiac, friggin’ nerd… Why?”
“Come on, Dean. I made pie.” The blonde woman wiggled her eyebrows at Dean who immediately perked up, grabbing his mother’s hand.
, he’s tired – and this is the only way he can get through each day anymore.
Dean’s 4-year-old brother, Sam, ran into the room, clinging onto Mary’s legs and looking up at her with a big, goofy grin on his face. Mary couldn’t stop herself smiling down at him, scooping the youngest Winchester up in her arms. She held her free hand out for Dean to take.
dude - and Dean is a straight dude, and that’s that.
Castiel Novak appeared at Gabe’s door, his dark hair sticking in all directions and his blank, blue-eyed stare making Dean blush.
The pair of boys took the stairs two at a time, eager to get into the virtual racing seat and earn bragging rights until they did it all over again the next day.
“Sorry Mom!” Dean hollered back, his tongue poking out of the corner of his mouth as he tried his best to defeat the T-Rex currently storming Lara Croft, to no avail. He just couldn’t do it.
“Yes, father,” 9-year-old Anna Novak whispered, tugging on the ends of her long, straight red hair. Next to her, her older brother Castiel bristled slightly but said nothing, opting instead to reach out and squeeze his sister’s knee in a show of solidarity. It wasn’t worth arguing with their father. He was strict in the way devout religious parents often are, and it would end worse for them all if anyone challenged him, much less 10-year-old Castiel. He usually left that up to his eldest brother, Michael - but, not unusually, Michael remained silent.
“Dean totally blows at that level in Tomb Raider II with the T-Rex,” Gabriel explained, rummaging through his stash of crap in the corner of his room. “He wants to know if you’ll do it for him?”
It was… weird. Dean never thought about it too much, otherwise he started getting butterflies at the thought of the second-eldest Novak brother.
“Whatever, man, spare me the feelings.” Castiel rolls his eyes and stares at his own hands, clasped in his lap.
Cas and Anna were already home, much quicker than Gabe and Dean were as they didn’t have time for dawdling - as the eldest after Michael, Cas and Anna had their fair share of chores to tackle. Chuck would only shout if they weren’t done by the time he finally showed up at home.
