Steve swallowed and ran a hand over his face. He moved out of the bedroom before Tony could begin to wake up. He slept on the sofa. Tomorrow was his test. He needed a good night’s sleep.
Tony wondered whose idea it had been.  Steve's, obviously.  Pepper and Happy were betas; they wouldn't have sensed it; Steve must have told them, asked to be locked away so Tony couldn't take him.  Tony had to admit he felt a little hurt.  He liked to think he was someone who could control himself.  Who flirted a lot, but knew when to draw the line.  Who could be trusted.  Then again, the effect Steve had had on him was so profound, he honestly wasn't sure.  Besides, who knew what Steve would have done in the heat (ha!) of the moment?  This was one of the hardest parts of omega rape trials: the question of how in control an omega was when they were in heat.  For some, heats were so intense that they destroyed any ability to think clearly.  They couldn't give consent any more than if they were piss-drunk.
As soon as Tony touched him Steve let out a quiet sound and then his breath hitched as his ass was spread apart and exposed. And then the wet touch of tongue followed and Steve did whine, loudly, the noise only slightly muffled by the sheets. He let out a soft huff of air and fought the urge to push back into it, to wiggle. No. Steve would be good for Tony.
"Who are you sending?" asked Bucky suspiciously.  He was no longer entirely sure who to trust. "...Colonel Karpov?" he said hopefully.  That, other than Steve, was the only person he was certain was on his side.  In the background he could still distantly hear another Alpha shrieking.
One of the other men scoffed.  "He had back-up.  We had a dozen men on this, and the element of surprise.  It shouldn't have been botched this badly."
"How can they even say this?" Aria shook her head, her voice a little thick. "Don't they know what the goddamn word
He turned back around to see a very confused Tony. "You lost money at poker but won a car and DeSoto for the night. I tried to talk to him but it's like he's in a cult or something.  He believes all this Alpha Authority bullshit. You know his Alpha
"Okay...sending you the number over now." Pepper paused. "Stan, can I just ask? What was it that made him...exactly?"
She shooed them out one by one; Tony lolled his head back on the couch, taking deep, steadying breaths.
.  Uniform or not, he certainly felt like a selfish jerk. He'd made his and Tony's problem everyone else's problem, too.
Steve ignored his teasing.  "Apparently this woman called Ellen Something wants to interview me. And the
Donner turned over his shoulder to look Gideon right in the eye, and the Alpha looked affronted. "No."
Tony listened, interested, captivated, taking the mug from Steve and sipping the coffee gratefully.  "Wow, Rogers.  That's... real... I dunno.  Brave, I guess.  And cheesy.  But brave."  Tony looked up contemplatively.  "Dad never mentioned you were an omega.  But he never said you were an Alpha, either.  Dad never really said what anyone was.  In his own way, I guess, he... he did care about, you know, civil rights.  He was progressive, for a guy born in nineteen-seventeen.  Maybe he didn't want anyone to assume, you know?  Either way."  Tony shrugged one shoulder.  "Rogers, listen.  Don't tell anyone I can be serious but, seriously?  I, uh... I respect you a lot.  As an omega.  And a friend."
In all his museum displays (the half dozen that Steve had read) they'd said he was a good motivator, a charming speaker. Maybe it was about time he lived up to that.
a shield was a shield and Steve wasn't going to complain.  He caught the shield as Agent May threw it, and managed to yank it in front of him a split-second before a second whip lased out and cracked against the surface instead of Steve's face.
Steve looked over at Tony. He wished he could see his eyes. "Tony.  They want to put me in a box. They want to rape me. They want to make me to give them super soldiers to take over the world. They already killed my baby. They killed everyone I loved, or took them away. Please try to understand... I have no mercy left for these people," he breathed and then he stepped out into the corridor.
Tony had dedicated his substantial brain power to trying to figure out the most likely place for Steve.  He'd taken Natasha's list of 23 bases, and sorted it based on whether it was likely or not that Steve was there, according to an elaborate flowchart.  His current best guesses were Western Australia, Shanxi, Tokyo, Cuba, or Genoa. He was especially interested in Shanxi, China (where there was a bioweapons facility, and what was Steve, if not a bioweapon?) and Genoa, Italy (where there was a base nickname "Omega Point," which had prompted a lot of hysterical excitement from Tony that took thirty minutes and half a bottle of bourbon to quell).
he thought, mouth watering.  It was the sexiest thought he'd ever had and he couldn't get rid of it once he began thinking it.
"The prince'll be there too," added Tony.  "Wakanda's royal family has this totally baller guard, the Dora... fuck, I can never say it right... Dora Milaje.  Hot omega women. Isn't that cool? Their bodyguards are all omegas, Steve. Big tough omegas. So maybe you guys can talk about omega stuff.  Their country's very progressive, I guess."
Or maybe he did. Maybe this Tony moving on and leaving Steve behind with the bond. It was painful but Alphas could do it. Omegas couldn't.
DeSoto was perched in his usual place on the end of the couch; he had been watching TV, the volume so low it was practically muted.  "A few hours," he said, looking up."They have to clear out the pen for the auction stage, so Dr. McDermott escorted me back here. I already made coffee for Mr. Stark."  The room smelled rich with the freshly brewed pot. "The auction starts in an hour, officially, but they never actually get to bidding under a half-hour after. That way you have time to socialize and read the program with all the omegas' details, like their ages and where they're from and stuff like that."
"I can think of a few times I've been this happy in the morning," replied Tony glibly, stealing another kiss from Steve.  "...you're not just going to leave me like this, are you?" He wiggled temptingly against Steve.
old things too. His old uniform, his old clothes... even a few sketches. He hadn't asked for them back but they hadn't
"I... do?" Steve didn't sound surprised, just a little sad. He didn't know Tony would be able to smell it on him. So now, even if he couldn't
Tony felt excited.  Maybe this was the thing about DeSoto that had interested him on poker night.  Wanting to know more about what happened to "bad omegas."
"Sorry, sorry... I heard about Wakanda and then did a line and then drank and then... now... okay... I'm gonna sit down now..."
for.  I'm going whether you like it or not. You have a day to make up your mind about tagging along," he told him and then back to head up the stairs to the house itself. This argument wasn't going to get either of them anywhere.
Breaking into room five was Steve's worst nightmare. He kicked the door down to find two guys beneath the sheets. "Oh my God!" yelled one of them, yanking up the covers.  The 'Alpha' (who couldn't have been more than 17 years old) let out an undignified sound and grabbed the sheet, pulling it over himself. "Is that... Captain America!?"  He sounded uncertain, like he was questioning his own sanity.
"Sounds like quite a feat. Must be exhausting," Danielle hummed. She pulled out a business card oh-so-casually and slipped it into Pepper's breast pocket. She winked. "Let me know if you want to grab a drink some time."
"Phil already knows about it. I asked him to break it to Nick when he's having a 'good' day," Steve assured Tony, a hand on his arm.
He returned to a very drunk Tony sprawled out in bed. After setting the glass down he moved to sit Tony up in bed, a pillow cushioning his back and then Steve pressed the glass back into his hand. "Drink."
"Well, I know there's Sam and his VA group, but he's all the way in D.C. I don't think catching a plane to my appointment every week would be very productive," Steve said. He also didn't really like planes all that much but he didn't feel a need to tell them that.  "And I didn't rush into this conflict. I was
He left Steve and Fury to argue while he began dragging boxes out from the server room.  It was an unused lower level to the shop where he stored most of JARVIS's hardware and a few generators for whenever he accidentally brought down the power grid around his house (once or twice a year, on average).  The boxes were heavy, laden with notebooks untouched for decades, and covered in dust.  Tony had some trouble managing them with his hurt leg, and when he sneezed, his ribs hurt.  As usual, physical discomfort was compartmentalized and ignored; Tony's mind was excellent at getting obsessed with ideas.
But he wasn't listening. Steve reached out to take Tony's hand. He felt strangely violated and confused, and furious at his own body betraying him. It was like when Bucky had touched his neck and it had felt amazing, whether Steve had chosen it to or not. How could he trust himself?
A lot of things were different in the 21st century, but not the way omegas were treated.  Not a lot, anyway.
Tony waited until he'd left the room and closed the door behind him to crawl on top of Steve, pressing him into the bed.  "Oh, fuck.  We're so screwed.  We're so screwed.  ...should we just stay apart when your heat comes?  Do we even know when that is?  Can we call Coulson and find out?  You cycle with him, right?  Oh, fuck.  I don't want kids.  Oh, fuck me.  ...we don't want kids, right?  Oh, fuck."
Steve had always had a good moral compass, or at least felt like he had. But right now he had absolutely no idea what the right thing to do was. Tony was on his side, Steve reminded himself. But he just didn't want it to be true, that Bucky could...do that.
"Thanks," said Tony, not adding that that advice would have been a lot better if they'd received it a few hours ago.
," repeated Pepper with good-natured exasperation, but Tony wasn't listening; he was hugging Steve and nuzzling into his neck, nipping his shoulders, too distracted by puppy love for Steve to hear anything anyone was saying.  "Well, I guess I'll leave you two to it... I've got to go, I've got to be in San Francisco in a couple of hours... Tony?  Tony, pay attention, this binder is a preliminary report-- Tony?-- preliminary report from the Expo, Rhodey turned it over to us, please review it as soon as possible ...I'll leave it on the table.  Also, heads up, you've got about four subpoenas coming your way; try not to schedule any discovery hearings for the last week of July or the first week of August because you promised Mandalay Bay to be a keynote speaker at the Black Hat conference this year and they're threatening to sue us too if you pull out last minute."
"Mostly," Steve repeated, sounding tired. Tony had only come downstairs twenty minutes ago. How much could a man drink in twenty minutes?
"...that's because you weren't technically assigned to this mission," groused Natasha into her headset.
within the expiration date. He couldn't deal with living off take-away every day, or the strange, exotic foods Tony seemed to like so much.
"Tony.  You can't reduce your emotions to math.  You're not a robot. Doing what you're doing doesn't change the past.  You can't ever change the past. You can only learn to come to terms with it, and to do that, you need to face it head-on."  Pepper reached down and tilted Tony's head up to look at her. "...Tony? Do you think Steve’s heat maybe brought up some issues you never quite handled before?”
"Home is with Tony. Or it was. But Tony says he wants me anyway. Whether he can handle me is another matter entirely."
Tony looked at Gene.  Gene seemed unfazed by Tony's unusual outfit.  When Gene offered his hand, Tony shook it, and his handshake was perfectly firm but not overly aggressive.
"Oh, yes.  Any omega can be trained... if the Alpha is willing," said Maggie, staring pointedly at Tony.  She checked her watch. "Well, it's nearly time for us to start. If you want to sit in, Stark, you're more than welcome.  But you'll have to take that collar off."
Clint laughed.  "Laura about hit the roof when I brought Nat home.  I mean, we'd discussed about me getting an Alpha, but... well, talk about unexpected."  Clint paused, a strange expression on his face. "...you know. When me and Natasha met, I was in heat.  I was supposed to assassinate her, actually. I tracked her across half of Siberia, but she was wily. By the time I cornered her, I was out of suppressants."  He paused, then added, "You know we bonded while I was in heat, right? ...I'm not saying I consented, exactly. But that what happened was organic and natural and neither of us regretted it afterwards.  Not for a second."
Steve couldn't help but find Happy and Tony's exchange at least a little bemusing. He didn't think he'd ever seen Happy look so smug in the year he'd known him. It oddly suited him, even though the other was still evidently trying to be modest about it. Steve recognised that glint in the driver's eyes.
Tony's body shuddered with repressed rage.  How dare Steve stand up for Bucky!  He wanted to fight the other Alpha, challenge him, prove he was good enough for Steve, strong enough, aggressive, dominant.
"Still here, I've got three hostiles going due east from the main stage and another pack scoping Avenue F."
"It's very traditional and very strict. They do everything by the rules. And whatever you're thinking Tony... don't do it."
Tony blinked as Pepper took his wrist, pulled off his mismatched watch, and replaced it with her own.  Pepper had been wearing a man's watch for years because Tony often failed to match his watches; they swapped accessories often.
To reassure Trickshot, Steve got a picture of Natasha and Clint up on his phone. Trickshot gripped it tightly. "Yep," he croaked out. "That's him." Then he laughed, softly. "She is
She paused.  "Okay.  I'm in D.C. and on my way now.  Sending back-up agents in the area.  Try to run crowd control; get Tony to deal with the suits."
. He wants me dead. I know there's an association...but I can tell the difference between Bucky and a guy who's trying to kill me."
.  You need to establish a causal relationship between behavior and outcome.  Now, there is one exception. Who wants to guess?"
Tony gave a sharp, hissing intake of breath as Steve dabbed at his lip.  His eyes softened a little.
"You have the right to stand up for yourself, Steve," Aria shrugged. "Being polite doesn't mean being a pushover." She glanced downstairs, pressing her lips together. The crowd hadn't let up. "Are we ready to brave it again?"
Tony watched Steve poke at his dessert, unsure of how to address the elephant in the room.  Peggy was an old woman.
"Even if you're at home, in heat, I can be on the phone with you, tell you what's up," offered Tony.  He doubted the camps could be any worse than he'd already seen in the Middle East. And he knew Steve would be unhappy to miss it.
"Let's just go see Aunt--I mean-- Agent Carter.  Peggy," said Tony. "It'll be a good way to end our little vacation, huh?"  Tony suspected Steve was going to be busy as hell in the forseeable future. They had the dinner auction in two weeks and then Project 84... Steve might not get to see Peggy again for months.  With a chill, Tony wondered if this might be the last time. She was old, wasn't she? In her nineties? How much longer could she have, anyway?
compromised now. How did he know you were at your old apartment?  Only you and Fury should have known, plus, what,
"...tell him he's lucky we're not in bed already," said Tony.  "What's he want?" He tried not to sound resentment and failed completely.  Considering they were no longer employed by SHIELD, SHIELD still had an annoying degree of presence in their life.  Case in point: they were spending their anniversary freezing their asses off in England when they could've been fucking on a beach in the balmy Bahamas.
This conversation wasn't helping Tony's stomach at all.  He stood straight and walked out without another word. Inside, people were still milling, and across the room, he could see Steve, a head taller than everyone else, sitting on the floor among a bunch of omegas in white, having a little pow-wow.
Steve spotted him; now,  the group of three Alphas had two omegas in tow. One was a brunette woman, the other a blond man. He looked tall for an omega, filled out and actually... quite a bit like Steve. He didn't have the insane muscle mass, or the jawline, but he clearly took care of himself. He saw Gideon put his arm around the man's shoulders. It could have been an entirely friendly gesture; it was hard to tell.  Somehow Steve doubted Gideon was casually friendly with omegas, though.
(Tony didn't add that, the one time he'd played polo, he had insisted on using his thoroughbred racehorse, a stubborn, ill-tempered, and typically slow stallion named Pursuit of Happiness, who, on that particular day, hadn't been slow at all, demonstrating that his record of losing had nothing to do with his ability and more to do with a refusal to listen to his jockey.)
The moment Tony hit "send" he had a sneaking suspicion that Pepper might not be thrilled with his text.  Oh well.  Once she saw him and he had the opportunity to explain everything, he was sure it would be fine.
Steve was taken back, however. Maybe it was omega intuition, or maybe she worked out what all the blood was from before. He didn't know. He didn't ask.
For a brief period, Pepper had put earnings reports into hidden folders on private servers, knowing Tony would find his way in and read them eagerly.  He had to admit, that was a good strategy to get him to read them. But it only worked for two quarters before he learned not to take the bait.
Dr. Brennan tented her fingers.  "A lot of guys back in your day recklessly endangered themselves?" she asked, cocking an eyebrow.  It didn't sound like an accusation, but a genuine question. "...I have to be honest with you about something, Steve.  I saw the interview that came out back in January, right before you went missing. In fact, I re-watched it last night.  It was very difficult to watch. There was a lot of anger there, toward HYDRA and toward both of your mates. I don't necessarily think that's an army thing."
The shower was quick. It was his second that morning and Steve knew he'd have to face Donner sooner or later. He grabbed his phone but didn't check the screen.
Steve rolled his eyes at Tony as pushed himself up and went to clean away Tony's mess in the bathroom best he could. Steve tucked everything back in and then splashed cold water over his face to get the pinkness to die down. He fixed his hair quickly before stepping back out to find Tony fixing his own.
Tony put a hand on Steve's shoulder.  He was feeling uncomfortable, but he was pretty sure a lot of that was his mate's feelings.  "Steve, seriously. You don't have to prove anything to Malick. I won't think less of you if you want to back out of this.  Collars have a really long, shitty history and I'm kinda surprised you were as cool as you were in there."
Steve let out a high-pitched whine as Tony's knot stretched him further. His fingers tugged lightly at his hair, gasping and squirming beneath him at being filled again. His eyes rolled back as Tony grazed over that sweet spot inside of him. "F-Fuck..." He gasped out, trembling beneath him. "Please- ah-h... Do that again. God, Tony,
you. They eased me back into this world, I'm probably the closest they'll ever come to feeling like parents. They won't leave you alone. They'll threaten to kill you in fifty different ways, demand to know what your intentions are...all that shit. And I...I don't want you getting scared off," Steve admitted quietly. "I want us to work out what this is. What we want. What we just...did. Jesus Christ, Tony, I can feel how you're feeling and I know you want to leave, but don't. Please." Another step. "You can go home tonight, that's fine...I get you need to get shit done. But you promised me Italian." His Brooklyn accent crept back into his tone. "And it ain't polite to leave a guy hangin'."
Of course, Tony didn't have the words to express any of that.  It was just a feeling.  Words didn't really seem important, for once.  Normally Tony was a babbling, rambling mess.  But now, his attention had shifted from the verbal to the physical.  Every kiss of Steve's neck was worth millions of useless, worthless words.  Words seems pointless.  What they were doing now, holding each other, snuggling up in the bed, seemed vastly more efficient.  It communicated a promise that words would have cheapened.  Tony was over words.  He was a man of action.  He was tuned completely to Steve, wanting Steve to give him permission or even a command.  If Steve only told him what to do, Tony would do it and Steve would be so, so impressed with him, so blown away by Tony's prowess, that he'd accept Tony was, by and far, the best, most capable Alpha, and then Tony would rest easy knowing that he didn't have to prove himself anymore, and would have a lot less heads to rip off.
"Ah!  Captain Rogers, Mr. Stark... I was beginning to think you would not show up!"  His English was accented, but impeccable.
There was a split second of sizing each other, a typical thing for Alphas.  The Wakandan king was more dominant than Tony but not by a great amount; he wasn't overly dominant, not threateningly so.  Tony stuck out a hand, then remembered his hand was bandaged, but T'Chaka had already taken it with surprising delicacy.
"I know, I know, but... but it's not about that.  It's hard to explain. Dominance isn't about omega submission, it's about... I don't know.  It's an Alpha thing, Steve. Every time I smell his stupid smell, I just want to smack the crap out of him, I don't know why.  Like you know how me and you are scent-mates? He's like... the opposite. There's some Alphas I just... fuckin' Euler's ghost, they just piss me off!  I bet the Germans have a word for it."
, Captain.  Can I get you something to eat?  You look famished. Here, have some prawns."  He offered Steve a plate of shrimp.
"That's...that's quite something," Steve breathed as he slowly moved to take a seat on one of the stripped sofas opposite.
"You must be Donner, yes?" David held out a hand. Donner looked at it, confused, as if no one had ever offered to shake his hand before. "Do you want to maybe go to a bathroom, and I can give you a once over?"
A moment later he cocked his head; there was a loud, heavy clanking.  Tony stomped into the room wearing a pair of red metal boots, wires running up to his chest.
Kerry sat down with Steve to explain the final moments; Tony sat on Steve's lap, facing him, his chin on Steve's shoulder and his arms around Steve.  Of course Steve was too big for Tony to cover completely, but that wasn't going to stop him from trying. Kerry's body language was slow and submissive, aware of Steve's post-heat.
Clint sat up.  He was in the Joint Dark Energy Mission Facility in the middle of the Mojave Desert and he had been on a six-hour break from guard duty, which meant, for Clint, sleeping.  His room was small, a tiny room outfitted with three other cots and lockers for other agents.
Tony waited for Steve to obey before pulling off his sweatpants.  "Over," he commanded, climbing onto the sofa, a knee on either side of Steve.  He grabbed Steve's wrists and leaned down to lick the back of his neck.  Steve's body healed ridiculously quickly, but Tony's bite mark had left a raised scar.  The texture of Steve's skin on his tongue was incredible; Tony growled possessively, happily, lapping at his mark, his omega, the two pink crescents on Steve's neck a physical sign of their bond.
Tony shrugged.  "They always find us.  Who knows why anyone does anything?  What I wanna know is why all three of these letters is addressed to you and not me... and the flowers, too!  What am I, chopped liver?" Tony rolled his eyes while Steve pulled open the letter. Tony was secretly hoping it was from some omega who had been inspired, because Steve seemed so down and he knew that sort of sugary bullshit appealed greatly to Steve.  He was glad Steve was getting flowers and stuff because he wanted Steve to see how beloved he was, how valuable. Being force-bonded like he was, it wasn't his fault, and he wasn't broken. Just... different.
It was oddly perfect. Steve liked England. He enjoyed he and Tony finally have time to themselves, and even if people were asking for photos and trying to talk to them, they essentially just had each other and no one else. It was nice to think that, in their very busy lives, they could make this much time for each other. When they were in the war rooms Steve was practically vibrating with excitement. He had so many memories in that room (not all of them admittedly that fun) but it was good to be back there.
Dr. Gleason actually chuckled.  "I'm sure the embryo is fine, Donner, it's still very, very, very early.  In fact, this is literally the earliest we can even tell. One sip of champagne during the first two weeks won't have any lasting effects at all."
"This isn't all on you, Tony. I'm responsible for my actions, just like you are for your own." Steve distantly remembered Peggy finding him after Bucky's death, trying and failing to numb the pain with whiskey. She told him that Bucky had made his own decision, that he had to respect it and not blame himself. But it wasn't like Steve had gotten force-bonded out on the front lines; there was nothing respectful about what he did.
Bucky's eyes narrowed.  "...that's what everyone thought.  I was a good student and an athlete and a boxing champ down at the Y... all the girls swooned when I walked down the street.  I could've had any omega I wanted. When I took Steve, the people that knew, they said
"It's my fault," said Tony.  "Steve was... was upset, and I got sidetracked and I was upset about Pepper dating Happy.  That's why he left."
"I think we should leave," Steve hummed. "I don't like her and Tony can just get home visits from a doctor no problem, right?"
"How did they get it through?" Steve asked curiously, turning a little so Tony could still hold his hand and sketch.
"Okay..." whispered Tony, copying Steve's breaths.  The two of them lay there, Tony letting Steve's hands soothe him.  They felt cool on his face.
Pepper looked up and immediately heaved a world-weary sigh, crossing the room to redo Tony's tie.  The only knot he knew was the half-Windsor; she began retying it into an Eldridge. "That watch doesn't match," she observed.
it. And I'm giving you permission to... ask what you want from me.  And to take it.  And if I don't like it, I'll just say no, okay?  Don't even compare this to that. Please."
Steve squeezed Tony's fingers gently and gave him an apologetic smile- truly sorry that they couldn't quite do this the way the Alpha wanted.
It was the same look she gave him when Steve walked back from the camp with an arm slung around Bucky, the man half dead from whatever Zola had done to him, but still breathing.
The soldier rubbed his eyes again.  He checked his pocket to make sure he still had the picture of Captain America.  He did. His heart was beating hard in his chest and he didn't know why but he felt excited and even though the memory had been sad, there was also a bittersweet association.  The idea of curling up with another person and holding them was... nice. The idea of another person pressing their warmth into him was tantalizing, as tantalizing as the cup of coffee in his hand.
"That was different!  I got a copy from one of the omegas in my office!  Another fan of yours, Captain! Laziest kid I've ever met! Affirmative action is ruining this country!"
Pepper lowered her phone from her ear. "Banksy said he can come, with Boswell, but they'll want to stay over and Banksy insists on having breakfast with Steve."
"...well we're gonna fucking try!" snapped Tony, aware that his own fear was starting to curdle inside of him.
"Boys! Go get dressed; we'll be landing in forty minutes. It's two hours until the conference starts," Pepper announced, shooing them away to one of the cabins at the back of the plane.
"Oh.  Well, only 'cause I'm so proud of Steve," said Tony, rubbing his head.  He was realizing he might have a slight concussion from when he'd been dragged down into the crowd; his head had smacked the pavement.  Tony took some comfort in knowing he had IQ points to spare. Still, he just wanted to rest.
but still. I won't need to do daily check-ups anymore. Maybe I should come back on Sunday, just to give you a final once over?"
"...yes, yes, I quite understand, Dr. Thompson.  We've had plenty of similar concern from parents about his negative influence.  Of course, you've already talked to Mr. Bennett?"
His blue eyes flickered open and locked with Tony's. "You have to promise me that if it's not safe we get rid of it. Sometimes the price of progress is too great Tony," Steve whispered and squeezed his fingers gently.
"You did great.  I spent all day downstairs, working on the Mark VII and pulling apart the Tesla," said Tony.  "People love you, don't worry.  Hell, one more interview and maybe the Secretary of Defense will get off my back."
Before Steve could reply to Tony's heartfelt declaration of commitment, there was a knock on the door, and Dr. Gleason and Sam walked in.
"This is all my fault, I pushed him to try on collars, I pushed him to try mating last night, I fucked up, I fucking ruined everything, he could be anywhere now, we're never gonna find him if he's off the grid, oh, fuck..." Tony was too distraught over losing Steve to even snap at Pepper, who had shown up to try to help out, though the situation was looking rather grim.  If Steve didn't want to be found, then they probably wouldn't find him.
There was no need to get dressed in anything. Steve led him into the master bedroom, sat down on the mattress, and held out a hand to Tony. "Do you want me to take your mind off it?"
"Steve... wake up.  We're back in California."  Tony would have liked to tear his clothes off and wake him with sex, but Steve's PTSD meant doing those sorts of things were discouraged.  Tony and Steve tended to wake each other up gently.
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony, his free hand still holding onto the other's. "I love you too," he told him softly and kissed his forehead. "Hey, you think we should maybe get a medic to meet us at the airport? Just to make sure he's okay."
yelled Tony.  Steve's smell had all but evaporated, thought Tony was aware, for the first time, of the taste of blood in his mouth from biting into Steve's neck.  Inside of the armor, there was a metallic, almost coppery scent combined with the VOC that a lot of people would probably associate with new cars. Tony had a lot of experience with that smell and in his opinion it was somewhere between a tennis ball and gunmetal just after firing.  It was incredibly grounding. It smelled nothing like an omega in heat.
"Yeah," said Tony, a hint of misery in his voice.  "...it's my fault he went to Bucky. I'm a lousy Alpha."
the guy was strong.  There was something hilarious about Steve, an omega, carrying Tony, an Alpha, and Tony found himself giggling hysterically as Steve marched him up the stairs, clinging to Steve's shirt and laughing into his chest, huffing his scent happily.
He gave the door a couple of scratches and then a few thumps with his left arm, but it didn't give the slightest indication that it was going to give.
"I should probably go after him," she said apologetically and then slunk away. Steve noticed that she didn't head towards Dan's direction. Maybe he wasn't nice when he was angry. Lots of peoples' heads had turned, most of them watching a furious Dan march away. Steve struggled to hide the smile on his face.
"Love you... love you..." murmured Tony between breathless kisses, pushing himself in and out of Steve, feeling the omegas body working his knot.
His mind flashed back to the cave.  To the smell of cigarettes, and then the smell of burning flesh, of being held down, pinned, the back of his neck--
"I had all these... these visions.  Of us.  You were so mad at me.  I couldn't talk to you," said Tony.  He was staring at the ground instead of Steve, his hand still on his neck.  "...you're not mad, though.  Right?  That wasn't real."  He glanced up, then down.  "It was different than when we did it together.  It was just me.  I couldn't feel you."
.  Hot like greased lightning.  No wait.  ...fast like greased lightning.  How's the song go?  Oh, wait!
"For the last time, we don't know yet, Cooper," said Natasha as Laura set plates down in front of them.
Bucky would have been a better Alpha than him.  They'd been mated only days and already Steve was in danger because of him.  Tony's guilt was pushing him over the edge; he wasn't equipped, emotionally, to handle these kinds of feelings.
Steve couldn't feel him. Steve hadn't realized Tony had even still been there until he was gone. Over the past two months he'd been distant, yes, but he'd still been there. Steve gripped Bucky tightly, gasping.  It wasn't that he was alone.  He was still bonded.  But there was no Tony.  Left in Tony's place was something else.  Another presence.
Still talking.  Tony didn't dare turn to look at Malick; he just wanted to go back to their room and hide out for a while before dinner.
"We're in the middle of nowhere," said Cooper.  "Jason's house is like miles and miles away and you have to take a car to visit him.
Tomorrow they were going to see Peggy in the afternoon. It would be a good focus for the day, Steve hoped.
"Okay, let's go," said Tony, clapping his hands together.  "It's like pulling off a band-aid, right, hook me up, Steve, let's see what my magnificent brain has for us.  C'mon, the faster we do this, the sooner it'll be over."
"No," lied Clint, who hastily swallowed a mouthful of cookie.  "Well... Steve wanted to me to talk to you about... family planning."
Tony reached up to scratch under his collar.  His plan to not raise his hackles was failing.  Rising hackles, like getting an erection, was often unintentional and it wasn't necessarily caused by anger.  General discomfort or nervousness could also prompt it. Right now, Tony was feeling extremely uncomfortable.
"The serum can't pick glass out of your hand Steve," she pointed out. "Besides," she gestured to Tony in his suit. "you might not have much of a choice in the matter. Also never try and fight a war machine in
Steve sighed softly, breath hot against Tony's fingertips. It would take seconds to just turn his head and press his lips to his fingers and suck one into his mouth and-- he blushed a little, surprised at his own thoughts.
"You're going to be fine," he told his reflection in the mirror.  "Go get 'em."  He forced a smile and, with a deep breath, went back out into the crowded club.
"A mate is supposed to protect. But you haven't. Did they tell you what you did?" Steve leaned forward. "You made me have a miscarriage. I've never felt so
Kate, not a nurse, had told Steve he could go whenever he liked, as long as he took care of himself.  They had dressed the bullet wound on his leg; fortunately, the slug had exited on its own.  They had cleaned him up as best they could but the doctor had explained that he would be bleeding and spotting for probably another day or two.  The bullet wound on his leg was neatly dressed and Steve understood the spotting she was talking about wouldn't be coming from that.
"Wow.  That was fast," said Tony, looking unconcerned.  He pointed a fork at Steve.  "Well, Rogers, that's what you get for ordering a mocktail.  You're a 92-year-old man, not a sorority sister.  ...want to get into a big fake fight and then have me punch you in the stomach just to see what happens?"
Tony fished around his drink for the olive and gave up after a while, letting it swirl around the edges of the glass.  He licked the gin off his fingers.
Steve shivered when Tony nuzzled against him and his beard dragged over the soft skin of Steve's neck.
She was already there; she looked up and her face changed.  Tony had that thousand-yard stare she'd only seen once before.
Pepper looked up to see Steve coming down the stairs in a dressing gown. It was one of Tony's but it was long enough to keep him decent. He offered her a tired smile. "Coffee?" she offered.
On the Beltway, Bucky was headed west at a smooth twenty miles an hour, feeling thoroughly anxious about making good time.  He hoped, desperately, that Steve would have the sense to stay where he was, but if not, he felt relatively confident that he could find his mate through instinct.  Back in the forties, Bucky had managed to hone his tracking abilities to GPS-levels of accuracy; he had to. There had been no cell phones back then, so when Steve got into trouble, it was only through their bond that Bucky could come to his rescue.  Perhaps that was part of the reason Bucky had wanted to be bonded to him in the first place. There had been too many close calls, and after Sarah's death, Steve had gone a little crazy, getting into more scraps and consequently getting slammed against a lot of back-alley walls and knocked and pinned to the cold, hard ground.  Bucky shuddered to think what would have become of Steve if he hadn't always managed to intervene at the last minute. It was almost like Steve
Talking to Donner was utterly exhausting.  Steve, he thought, must have the patience of a saint to have talked to all the omegas at that conference; if they were all as bad as Donner it must have been an awful experience.
"I'm a bad person," he said, abruptly, and then started crying. It was a silent sort of crying that made Steve's shoulders shake. He wanted to be small. He wanted to be able to curl under the sheets and hide. But he was big and he was bulky and there was no fucking hiding for Steve. He was stuck here.  He couldn't go back; the serum was permanent.
Tony glanced over toward Steve.  Steve knew SHIELD better than he did, and with two members of the World Security Council seated at their table, Tony didn't want to start blathering about Steve's undercover missions.
that nickname. I still remember when you smacked my ass on the plane and it took every bone in my body to not turn around and tell you who I really was," Steve said, remembering it almost fondly now. Yes, Tony had been ignorant, but so had Steve. He'd barely understood the century he was living in. If Pepper hadn't been constantly working she probably would have noticed how inept Steve was when it came to stuff like Twitter and Instagram.
"Let's hope it's an omega, then," said Tony.  "Name the kid after an ancestor, why don't you?  You said Steve's dad was your great-uncle... how 'bout that?  Joseph?
The dessert was probably the fanciest thing Steve had ever eaten. It was a chocolate dome which they melted with hot caramel sauce from a jug only to reveal different cubes of cake and ice cream all in different yellows and pinks. Steve was glad he could eat without the stress of worrying about calories (he more ate with the stress of not having
"Erm." Steve had been to a few pubs when he'd been here before (but none had been as nice as this). "A pint of Guinness, please."
me. At your party. You slapping my ass. You making goddamn comments all the time. I say we call it even. You're a good person Tony, and I meant it when I wrote it in that report. But it still doesn't stop you from being a shitty Alpha."
With the dishes taken care of, they left the cabin together.  In between the scattered pines was a helicopter, smaller than ones Steve'd been in before. It said something about Natasha's piloting skills that she had landed the bird in such a small area.
Steve honestly didn't know if he was talking about Steve coming out as an omega or his thing with Tony- he wasn't sure if Happy even knew about the latter.
"I don't think he was actually going to go all the way to Iowa.  Sometimes he'd run off for a day but then Alpha would go find him and bring him back.  Uh, so, while we were arguing outside like that, Alpha went and got a gun--"
Tony could hear Steve, yeah.   Could even sort of understand the words.  But breathing with him was impossible.  Tony's chest had constricted and it made him think about how black holes formed, how stars collapsed under their own weight to form super-dense masses, singularities so heavy that light couldn't escape, masses that were eternally dark and ever-pressing, whose pressure relentlessly bore down and crushed anything unlucky enough to be near it.
Tony watched Steve for a few moments, then, reluctantly, gestured toward a shoebox on the floor.  "There's more," he said.  He'd been sorting it out slowly, the war memorabilia from the notes from the personal stuff.  There were photos and letters, a patch in the shape of a wing, the Commandos' insignia.
Tony didn't react much.  "The yooj. Throw a big crazy party and maybe toss Rhodey through a wall again."  His arm broke out in goosebumps as Steve's hand rested on it. "...my birthday's at the end of May, Steve.  It's like more than two months away. Whatever. I just feel old now. I can't believe I'm forty. Ugh." The back of his neck prickled a little at Steve's touch.  "Besides, we'll be too busy planning that huge one-year-anniversary gala thing. ...thank Tesla, I'm so fucking sick of living in a greenhouse. If I never see another orchid again, I'd be fine with that."  He lapsed back into silence. He wasn't really tired anymore, having slept for as long as he had, but he also didn't want to get up. Really, Tony just wanted a shot of espresso and maybe a few shots of Bailey's to take the edge off.  But he'd indulge Steve's whole breakfast food fetish if it made him happy.
Natasha raised an eyebrow, clearly surprised that Sam was sticking up for him.  She raised her hands. "Okay. Fine." She lapsed into silence, perhaps not convinced.  But it was too late for her to say anymore, because they were already on their way, and making great time, and Tony had already invited himself along.
Even though Steve had been given more than thirty milliliters of ketamine, he woke before Tony, who had had only eight.
Gleason frowned a little.  "Well, no, not necessarily.  We won't know until it heals.  It might heal with his mark, might heal with yours.  Might mix the two. Might just end up as one big mess of scar tissue.  The back of the neck isn't designed to be bitten by more than one Alpha, so it's hard to say what Steve's body will do."
"Don't hurt them!" yelled Pietro in a strangled voice that was tight with pain.  He was kneeling, still clutching his curled, bleeding hand.
Steve was staring straight ahead at the orchid which Sam had rescued. It was sat on the dresser in a toothbrush cup. The white petals were dotted with his blood. His left hand twitched painfully in his lap. He'd maybe broken a few fingers.
. Steve was completely out of his comfort zone. Not just with the collars but everything. There was a reason Pepper had to be the one who dragged him out shopping; Steve was terrible at it. He had good reason. He'd never had money before, him and Bucky had barely 'shopped' in their lives for anything more than food. And it didn't help that he didn't technically
"I'm--" Steve let out a choked sound at the wet touch of Tony's mouth and a hand flew back to grip the edge of a work bench instinctively. "--f-fine."
. Steve had eaten the whole basket before he'd even realised it. He often consumed entire bowls of stuff and didn't even pay attention until it was too late. But before Steve could feel sheepish about how much he'd eaten Tony set down a box between them. It was small, innocent looking. But Tony looked nervous.
"He knew my mother's name. It's why he stopped trying to assault me the first time. I remember that."
Steve did the only thing he could think to do without upsetting Tony outright. He stood goddamn right between them. Pitbull's fist hit his chest instead and the man swore loudly.
Tony lead them into what looked like a lounge. Steve sat down onto  a sofa and tugged Tony down with him, wanting him close.  He looked around with interest at the room.
Tony paused, then ventured, hesitantly, "At the conference, DeSoto mentioned the camps keep omegas... for... practice?"
He put his arms back around Steve and put his mouth over his neck, still rubbing himself against Steve's wet little slit.  "If you want me, put me in," he whispered against Steve's neck, his words slightly muffled. Tony had every intention of biting down the moment he was inside of Steve; his teeth had already found their grooves.  Tony had grown used to ignoring the other mark. Sometimes, rarely, he'd accidentally try to fit his mouth into the wrong scar, which was a very disconcerting experience. Both his bite-mark and Bucky's were equally present, slightly overlapping each other, giving Steve's mark a weird sort of 3D look, like one mark was the shadow of the other.
Of all the things he hated most about panic attacks-- the crippling fear and the difficulty breathing and the tightness in his chest and conviction that he was going to die-- out of all of it, the thing Tony hated most was how completely it hijacked his brain.  Tony was used to having a mind that could simultaneously weave multiple thoughts along with ease. During panic attacks, all thoughts ground to a halt and so did most of his basic perceptions. He just shut down, and that was something he hated.
Tony tugged the blanket around himself.  He felt shaky and queasy. He had decided heats weren't nearly as fun as they were cracked up to be.  Every time he thought about Bucky, which was about every five seconds, a flame of anger shivered up his spine.  The hair on the back of his neck was permanently spiked.
The rest of the day passed easily, like a weight had been lifted off their shoulders. An important conversation had been had. To say thanks, Steve ordered a chocolate hamper to Clint's house for the kids. Steve practically had his scripts nailed by the end of the day. He'd always had a decent memory. It wasn't memorizing that was the problem so much as the delivery of it.
"No.  Leave him," said the director.  "Frankly, I don't care whether or not we can reset him or how unpredictable he gets.  Project Guiding Star is over; the Winter Soldier project has Captain America now; the only real purpose the asset serves is for breeding.  Lucky stud." He chuckled a little before growing serious. "Perhaps we could have him come here, have him order the asset to bite over Stark's mark.  Does that work? Can you just replace it? If that doesn't work then I suppose we'll just have to let the witch after him. I'm sure she can handle Stark on her own.  She'd been begging to get her hands on him for years, anyway."
The monitors were blinking as Steve's brain jumped tracks again.  He was in the cockpit of a plane; the only illumination was a series of blinking emergency lights on a panel, and the water that was filling the enclosed space was reflecting it into lovely swirls against the metal ceiling, and Steve was gasping in the chair--
Tony got up off the couch and walked back into the kitchen.  Considering the shock of Monaco and his party and the whole nearly-dying-of-a-poisoned-chest-implant, maybe he was overthinking things.  Maybe he was just high on life.  Yeah.  That was probably it.  Probably, any omega would drive him crazy right now.  He was just a little shell-shocked.  Surely everything would right itself in a few days.  In the meantime, why not have fun?
an omega.  He didn't deserve to be loved or to be happy.  If he had, wouldn't his father have loved him?  If he had been a good person, if he hadn't been loathsome, then would Stane, his business partner for decades, the man closer to him than his own father had ever been... would Stane have betrayed him, tried to kill him?
He paused again.  If this were the usual blonde beta bimbo, Tony would leave now without looking back.  But he was rooted to the ground.  Because Steve had asked him not to leave and he could feel Steve's emotions as clearly as his own, and leaving would hurt Steve and therefore hurt Tony.  He couldn't do it.
"I do," agreed Tony.  He reached out without thinking and cupped Steve's cheek with his bandaged hand, waiting to feel Steve lean into it submissively.
Steve schooled his features to prevent him frowning. Pepper sounded strange and it made him feel unsettled. "You know are relationship isn't your  job, right?  That's not for you to worry about. You have so much on your plate already Pepper.  Seriously."
Steve shivered noticeably at the bite. "If anyone even thinks about breaking my door, I won't be impressed," he mumbled, breath hitching again as he was tugged closer and he felt- yep. Tony was half hard against the curve of Steve's thigh and ass and he doubted that would be going away anytime soon.
on vacation with Steve Rogers."  Steve was climbing delicately into the seat beside him; Steve always treated barstools gently.  In the time Tony had known him, he'd accidentally broken two.
"Camo washes me out, though," said Tony, jogging across the now-empty courtyard to turn the bodies over.  He checked them both over.  "Fuck.  Neither of these guys has an access card.  Sorry, Romanov."
They fell silent as the sound of the jets drowned out their conversation; a moment later there was a loud, metallic clang as the suit landed on the concrete outside the hangar.  Iron Man strode confidently into the open hangar, pausing behind the collected group.
called me here, I don't want him, he's yours, I submit!"  Sam didn't dare lift his eyes. "I'm here to help, okay? I'm not going to touch him, I promise, he's all yours."
He clapped his hand together and rubbed them together, and looked down at the charred remains of the film reel.  He stared at it for a moment.  "JARVIS?  ...were you... did you happen to record...?"
Gleason looked rather distracted by everything in Tony's workshop (of course, he hadn't seen it before).
He was watching Donner go and he felt powerless. He felt useless. George had told him last night, they'd saved 1,781 kids in total. But the number wasn't registering. All he could see was Donner walking out that door and back into the arms of a man who was going to hurt him again.
Tony cut himself off and, with a shocking level of dexterity, jumped out of bed, shot toward the bathroom, and seconds later was vomiting violently into the toilet.
Tony reached out to grab the collar; Steve was whining and whimpering and wiggling under him, fingers clenched on the sheets, his eyes following Tony with a sort of dumbstruck reverence.
St. Brendan's was a huge stone church with stained-glass windows and it was quite imposing.  It took Tony twenty minutes of stumbling around the grounds before he found a sign with an arrow that pointed towards the meeting.  He poked his head into the church basement; there were about a dozen folding chairs arranged in a circle but only seven people.
Lydia laughed.  "Ask any omega here.  ...where's Kitty? KITTY!"  The omega with the ruby collar materialized again with another glass of scotch; Tony took it gratefully.  "Mr. Stark is concerned about the comfort of the collars."
"Sure. If I get a fancy suite, some place nice I'll be happy to meet him there. I don't want an audience, you know. I want him to be...relaxed for it."
His eyes narrowed a little at Bucky's almost child-like demeanor. "You know what they're going to make you do to me, don't you?"
"Keep it in."  Tony's voice came out rough, a growl.  He was still rocking into Steve's thigh, rubbing his erection against Steve's slick, pale skin.  "Steve I-- I want a threesome. I wanna see you with another person. An omega, or a woman. I won't touch them, I just-- I want-- I want you to be a slut for me."  Tony felt like he was going slightly insane. "I want to suck you off again." Where the hell was any of this coming from? "You can call me Bucky if you want."
Steve made sure to sign high up on her chest, keeping a good level of decency. He didn't really appreciate it when Christine decided to stare Tony down. Steve got that people thought they were being supportive, but it was frankly none of their business. They didn't get to judge all of Steve's and Tony's life choices from the outside; a lot was going on that they had no idea about.  And he didn't
More ridiculous, nonsensical instincts.  Steve was bigger, stronger, faster... Tony's desire to enfold him was bizarre... Steve didn't need that...
"Why didn't you tell me?" repeated Tony plaintively.  In the photo album, open on Steve's lap, a cheery-looking Tony was sitting on the lap of his nanny, hugging a Captain America action figure.  The action figure was second only to Bunny. In every photo of Tony before the age of five, he was clutching the rabbit, and more often than not, an ear was in his mouth.  In another photo, Tony was celebrating his fifth birthday-- no, fourth, there was no Howard there, which meant it must have been 1974, he must be at the Expo-- and, oh
Steve went and cooked them breakfast. It was pancakes, his mother's recipe. He still remembered how he used to peek over the top of the counter in his young age and listened intently as his mother explained how to make them as fluffy as possible. So he made them sweet and fluffy and dropped pieces of banana and blueberry on top before following with maple syrup.  The access to all sorts of fruits, even in winter, was mind-boggling to Steve; it felt like just yesterday he was living in a world of ration cards.  Breakfast smelled good; Steve was sure Tony must be awake by now.
him. But then, Bucky had given him a miscarriage, and he'd gotten into a car with him. But that was still different- HYDRA had put him there, it hadn't really been his fault.  DeSoto's Alpha sounded like he was simply a terrible person.
Steve offered the kids a small wave, his heart aching in his chest, and then he headed down the stairs to the basement.
Bucky's entrance and attack had been too sudden for Fury to react; he was slammed against the wall.  Phil and Maria drew their weapons. For a split second, it appeared Phil was going to shoot Bucky.
"It's not okay," Steve managed to say. "We're in a cage, having a heat induced chemically, against our will! How is any of this okay?" he demanded but there was no real bite to his words. He almost wheezed, doubling over on himself as he let out a groan.  He leaned into Bucky's touch on instinct and trembled as he nosed against his neck. He had to bite back a moan. "I never doubted that you loved me, Buck", he whispered, and he truly meant that. The problem was how he showed it.
One of the nurses was attempting to get through to him, to dab at his face, but Tony was too agitated to hold still; he was pacing desperately, footsteps ridiculously heavy as they clanked up and down the floor.
"Well, if they don't hit it off, they don't have to get bonded," said DeSoto.  "Every year at least one or two are returned. The auction's only for a little while, you know, a courting thing.
Inside Tony's shop, Gleason and Area were admiring one of Tony's half-finished Iron Man suits, which was hung up by the shoulders by some chains and was absolutely dripping wires.
Artist and engineer.  Alpha and omega.  They were like puzzle pieces, filling in for each other... fitting together perfectly...
"...do you really want to be... taken like that?  Or are you just saying that to make me feel better?  Or trying to punish yourself? Because, believe it or not, I do care about getting my partner off."  Tony was an unapologetically selfish lover who tended to put himself first. However, he also took a certain level of pride in getting his partner off.  He wanted people to walk away with their minds blown, and usually, they were. He'd earned a hell of a reputation because of it.
So he walked out. He stood between Tony and he TV. "You said you wanted me. You sat by that bed and said you still wanted me so if you do them-- then fucking take me, Tony. Because I'm sick of you treating me like I'm made of glass. I wanna see the worst of you. I want you to give it to me."
Steve lifted his head away once Tony was half hard beneath him to pull down the fabric of his boxers. And then he surged forward with a renewed enthusiasm, sucking the head into his mouth and flicking his tongue over the slit just like he knew Tony liked. He felt his Alpha shiver in response and smiled around him. He pulled away a little, letting the head sit on his tongue as he looked up to watch Tony's expression.
Steve nodded, trying to keep his cool in front of all these people. "Is George around? We need to ask him something..."
Pepper, in contrast, had pulled the other baby out of its sling and was cuddling it happily.  Tony felt thoroughly uncomfortable watching his assistant go from a composed businesswoman to this giggly, baby-craze mess.
He walked down the hall and poked his head into the second guest bedroom.  "Knock knock.  What's up, omega?"
Once he was certain that Tony was settled and not actually waking up he headed back downstairs to grab his portion of the Thai food. He heated it up and ate it whilst checking out a show named
He rinsed Steve's hair tenderly and ran over his body with a washcloth, working the tension out of his muscles, drinking in his physique with the sort of attention he normally reserved for building circuit boards.
The last time Tony had uttered those words, it had been to a Hot Pocket.  Tony Stark did not "love" people.  He loved cars, money, food, electronics... not omegas.
Steve sighed softly as Tony's hands explored him, arcing up into his touch on instinct. He was tense from the conference, the constant being on guard and holding himself back...but underneath Tony like this he could feel himself letting go. He closed his eyes briefly and then shivered when he felt Tony's fingers graze close to that special spot on the back of his neck. Steve bit down on his bottom lip. It had been embarrassing, kneeling like that and having Malick see him-- but aside from that it had felt good, better than it had any right to. And certainly better than it had felt when Frond did it.
Steve turned a dark shade of pink and all the women around him started giggling. "Yep," he squeaked. Nothing to be ashamed of, Steve reminded himself. He was his own omega and he could stick whatever he wanted up there. Or get Tony to stick it-- Oh, Lord. Judy didn't seem phased, and just carried on reeling off legal information, pretending not to notice Steve was bright red.
Fury's speech ended with a low growl from Tony, who, influenced by his mate's obvious state of upset, attacked.  Unfortunately, he didn't attack Fury, who was a beta. Rather, he attacked the nearest Alpha, who happened to be Dr. Brennan.
Steve whimpered as Tony rocked into him slowly, teasing him at him. He made him go all the more pliant beneath him, his cheeks flushed a pretty pink as he tilted his head back and gasped softly as he squirmed. Steve hummed in contentment, grip on the blankets around him loose and weak. He was happy to go wherever Tony took him.
A dog came up to him, wagging.  It was tan, with a curled-up tail and pointy ears.  It dropped a yellow ball.
He rubbed a hand over his face and leaned back, or rather, onto his side. His neck hurt too much to lean on. He shaking with a strange sense of gratitude. He remembered what Natasha said, about how she found them... but still. This was something. Bucky hadn't been far gone enough to actually go through with it.  There was still some Bucky in the Winter Soldier, after all.
"I get it," said Steve sincerely.  "I never really understand why you're all obsessed with the wars in this century.  Everyone romanticizes it.  What's romantic about millions of people going to die?  None of the soldiers want to be there, not really, but everyone shoots anyway, just because they're scared of what might happen if they don't."
The screen showed the cover of a magazine. The photograph on the front was oddly touching, yet harrowing. It was Tony in his armor standing in the ER, with Steve cradled in his arms, Steve's head tucked against his chest. They both looked bloody and battered, not the look they'd exactly been going for. Tony's faceplate was off and he was looking down at Steve in the picture, his eyes full of concern. Like he was looking at his world. One of the news crews must have taken it. It was touched up a little, the blurriness hidden with Photoshop and the bright fluorescent lighting of the lobby dulled down a fraction. But the feeling in it was still raw.
"No!" he barked.  This close, he could smell him.  It only reinforced what he was doing.  He had to protect him with himself, had to lie on him like this.
The asset watched in fascination as the magnificent omega he was so interested in melted before him.
He moved to set the tray down between him and Tony and then sat down opposite him too. Steve handed Tony a fork and then pushed forward his stronger cup of coffee. His cooking was hardly restaurant quality but Steve liked to think it was alright. His ma had taught him most of the things he knew- like how to get his pancakes all fluffy inside.
Steve gasped softly as Tony filled him up. He felt half conscious, his brain going off line as Tony rocked up into him. He curled his arms around his shoulders and nuzzled close, nose dragging along Tony's jawline before he pressed his forehead against his shoulder. "Special. Hm. Okay." Steve hummed with a lazy smile as he circled his hips around him once, testing the waters as he clenched around him. There was no burn without any preparation; Steve's body was slick and eager.  It had done its own preparation. This was certainly different. Steve liked it, liked it a lot.
"The nature of our relationship?" Steve echoed and raised a brow. "My-- my first Alpha gave me a miscarriage."
Steve was still giving him that serious, concerned, "I'm the Captain" look.  Tony heaved a miserable sigh and snapped his fingers at the waiter.
"We have to go back down.  It's our party," said Tony after a few moments.  "...and Taylor Swift is there. You guys can do
"Flowers are what you get people when you apologise, aren't they?" Steve asked softly. He'd seen it in a lot of movies and TV shows. He thought that was how it worked.
Tony put his hands on the globes of Steve's ass, kneading the firm skin.  He spread Steve's cheeks and leaned in to lick a stripe up Steve's backside.  Steve's whole body clenched and Tony heard a whine, but Steve didn't move position.  Tony settled in and closed his eyes, lapping at Steve's entrance, stroking his hole with his tongue, tasting the first hints of arousal.
Dr. Gleason heaved up his bag.  "I have enough here for six days, which should be more than enough.  Every hour, on the hour. And one morning-after pill every ten to twelve hours.  It's not a guarantee but it's better than nothing."
Tony looked at Steve.  He didn't really care what they did; he was looking forward to dinner and poker and, most of all, going home at night and taking off his collar.  Without touching it, he knew the skin on the back of his neck was swollen and inflamed; it itched and ached and he was ready to wax his hackles right off just to keep them from rising and digging into the skin over and over.
"So...anyone I need to call? Set dates with?" Aria asked as she stepped into the living room.  Three pair of omega eyes turned to her (plus Happy's).  The men fell quiet as she approached. She didn't feel remotely intimidated by it as she sat down, pulling out a planner and a pen, ready to take down notes. They had had enough time alone and Aria was trying to keep a tight hold on Steve's schedule.  Besides, Aria felt just as comfortable around omegas as she would betas. After living with two her whole life she felt like she understood them just about as well as someone who wasn't an omega possibly could do. She offered Steve a small smile.
But what really warmed his heart was the tag that said 'cousin' on it. It wasn't a declaration of anything, but it was an acknowledgement. And that meant something.
"I made Tequila sunrises," said Banksy, pointing to a drink on the table.  From the looks of things, he'd already had a couple himself. Banksy was still absolutely stunning, but he looked like he was a bit worse for the wear after talking to Donner all night.
It was after sunset by the time Steve came home.  JARVIS alerted him; he jogged up the stairs to greet Steve.
"They were," Steve agreed and it felt good to have another omega point it out first. "Also, super boring."
He stood there motionless, staring, his mind no doubt buzzing with thoughts.  But his face was a mask. He might have been contemplating a piece of art.
So far, there was not a single indication that Jarvis had even been a part of Howard Stark's life.  Jarvis was probably the man behind the camera, always on the periphery of his life.
Steve did not make Steve see him as any less of an authority figure.  Even though Steve was technically in his nineties, he couldn't help but see anyone older as thirty as a person worthy of the title "sir" or "ma'am."  He still thought of himself as about twenty-six years old.
"...do you want the notebook, James?  Maybe if you wrote stuff down, you'd get better at remembering it," suggested Pietro.  In a flash, the notebook had disappeared from Bucky's hands. "Let's get you one that's not red, though, okay?  Pick out one you like."
Steve frowned at the pill bottle for several minutes before he understood what he was supposed to do with it. With some difficulty he got the lid off and then slipped one into his mouth.
Steve was on a stage in front of a room of people, mostly reporters, but he couldn't see them well because the stagelights were blinding.  Tony was two paces behind him, standing there with his hands clasped in front of him, looking a bit like a Secret Service agent in his sunglasses.
It was fourteen hours of testing before they have him moved into a permanent hospital bed.  It was on the ground floor and there was a window, so Steve could see out onto the base. The room had only the one bed and no television or other entertainment, but the window seemed to imply he wasn't actually being held prisoner.
Tony laughed breathlessly, hands stroking Steve's back as his omega draped over him.  "Not again.  Oh, geez.  Okay, I'm serious, I'll get snipped again, just to make sure, okay... but it's the very end of our honeymoon, we're probably good, right?"  He reached up to take Steve's chin and tilt his head so he could kiss his forehead.  "I love you so much, omega.  So, so much."  A pause while Tony basked in the afterglow.  "...don't touch my wrists, though, 'k?" he added with forced casualness, one hand still petting Steve's back.  He kissed his forehead again.
"I'm more concerned about HYDRA using this to have an exact location on Ironman and Captain America."
"I wish I could say this was the first time I got chased out of a five-star hotel in my underwear, but it's not," said Tony as he hurried out into the lobby.  Someone grabbed at him on the way out and Tony twisted away from it. His adrenaline was up and so were his hackles.
Steve pushed him away to clean his own hair quickly. "All I have right now is my jeans and shirt from yesterday.  Will they be okay?"
"Gene was terrifyingly charming," Steve warned. "Do of this woman has anything to do with him, be careful."
Steve didn't fully understand what was happening; they were watching the TV screens backstage; Justin, in his orange suit, was addressing the crowd, a line of armored suits like Tony's behind him.  Tony's reaction told him about everything he needed to know; Tony's face had blanched white.
"Supposed to be having-" He fumbled around and found a first aid kit beneath one of the seats. Adrenaline, awesome.
"I'm only betting cash," said Tony firmly, but he felt annoyed at the idea of anyone winning Donner just because Donner looked like Steve.  ...maybe it wouldn't hurt just to get into one omega round, to win Donner. He didn't even want him; he just didn't want anyone else to have him.  That wasn't too much to ask, right? Steve wouldn't even have to know.
"CUPID, WE'RE GETTING RESCUED!" called Vim against the door, and gave three sharp knocks.  On the other side of the door, someone gave another three sharp knocks, and Tony thought they sounded enthusiastic.
Maria, still on the ground, swung her legs; Wanda went down.  Wanda swiped at Maria; Maria's gun skittered across the floor; Aria lunged at it; Pepper threw her wrench into the fray, cracking Aria's elbow.
"I, uh, I still feel capable of performing my duties," he added.  He rubbed his left arm; there was an itch in the crook of his elbow.  He rolled up his sleeve to scratch it.  There were old scars, needle marks everywhere.  Buck looked down at them.
Tony threw back a few shots to help calm himself down and then grabbed and towel and shot back downstairs, immediately getting sidetracked by--
was exactly what came to mind. It was quiet and there was no one else here, no audience. No one had to pretend or hide anything. Cooper could be himself and be happy and didn't matter what his status would turn out to be. Steve almost envied them, having all this... but he also knew he couldn't do it. Steve grew up with the noise of a city; he couldn't imagine living without it. The quiet was serene right now but he couldn't handle weeks upon weeks of it.
?  I'm one of the editors!  And publishers! Those photo shoots he did, they were fantastic!  That one of him reading the magazine about him liking sex? HA! That was great!  Fantastic! Here's my card!" shouted John, handing Tony a card.
They let Tony gripe the whole way home, where his mood shifted a little as he began talking about the fight he was allowed to fight.  The one for Donner.
"I do love that song though," Steve grinned as he slid out from under the bed, offering Tony a hand as they both stood. It was a good thing Tony had so many staff, or else under the bed would have been dusty, but like the rest of the mansion, it was immaculate.  Their clothes were just a little crinkled, that was all.
"Of course, Steve.  First of all, I get to see you in a collar.  Second of all, free drinks. Third, I hate Malick as much as you do; the guy's an asshole.  And most importantly... I really wanna support your omega rights thing. And this is something that I can do, as an Alpha.  And ever since I got to know you, y'know... things have changed for me."
Back in the kitchen, Boswell had wandered down looking thoroughly rumpled.  Donner kept glancing up at him with a shy sort of awe.
"That's the thing about double-bonding, Steve.  You get pulled in two different directions. You want to help Barnes but you want to be loyal to Tony," said Clint, idly rolling his head into Natasha's hand as she petted him.  "And don't feel bad about not liking the neck thing. It's normal not to like other Alphas touching your neck. It's a private area. The thing is, biologically, your body had accepted Barnes as your primary Alpha.  So when Tony touches it, it's going to feel weird, instinctually. And that's okay. At the end of the day, it's
His other hand came over to pluck at Steve's shirt.  Steve's body had spasmed briefly against Tony's body and Tony's body was responding with enthusiasm, which was probably part of the reason Tony was having a hard time sorting out his feelings and his thoughts.
lessons?" protested Steve.  "But I want to do another raid!  I'm ready, sir.  They can't hit me with an inducer again.  I want to get back into the field.  I want to fight another battle.  HYDRA doesn't take breaks.  How can I?"
"I don't know about in comparison to other years but...okay," Steve breathed. "Will it get better, after today?" he asked hesitantly and Happy just shrugged.
And as they'd both agreed, logically, being scent-mates did not obligate them to like each other or be together or... anything.  They could just be friends.  And they didn't even have to be that.
Steve cried out as Tony pushed into him, squirming beneath him. His highs trembled and fell apart as Tony's cock squeezed inside of him and made him press his forehead to the floor. It burned a little because of there being no preparation but it still felt so fucking good. Steve liked it. He thrived in it. "Ohmygod...ohmygod," Steve whispered, mostly to himself. Tony was far too lost in the moment to really hear him. "Fuck- ah -Tony. You feel so good.
This would be good for Tony. Steve had no doubt. He hadn't had enough Alphas in his life who weren't assholes.
She trailed off.  Her gaze flicked toward the glass door that led out to the pool deck, and the pizza sitting there on the ground said everything she couldn't.
Which was fine because actually, Tony was very, very, very busy.  Far too busy for Steve.  Frankly he'd already wasted a ton of time; he had notes to take on the particle accelerator he'd built, which was currently rusting away in the shop.
"I mean, probably. But if I enjoy something I'm not going to question it Tony," Steve said, trying to ignore how his cheeks were still pink.
Tony considered Steve's question  "Well... the thing is... weapon designing, it kind of draws Alphas.  I never thought about it.  Yeah.  I guess most of my fans are Alphas.  That's not my fault, though.  I mean, most of
"There you go," he said, pulling off the collar.  Steve's neck looked bare without it. "Now let's get dressed before you starve to death."  Tony was only half-joking; he knew Steve well enough to know that after the night's exertions, Steve was probably dying for some food.
"Well, unfortunately, Dr. Thompson, our program begins in the fall, by which time your daughter would have already aged out.  Have you arranged a bond for her yet?"
Steve turned around to see a very horrified-looking Happy waiting for him on the tarmac. He looked Steve up and down, his eyes wide.
Tony had no illusions about being up to military standards.  He doubted he could hit a perfect bullseye without a scope from 1,000 meters, or do seventy push-ups in a minute, or run two miles in four minutes, or whatever crazy bullshit most of the people on the base could.
"Yeah.  I'll play some loud music and work on one of the cars... I'll be fine.  Seriously, I just... I hate cigarettes, that's all. Really. I'm fine," insisted Tony.  He didn't add he was probably going to drink a lot. He assumed Steve knew that. "Go, Steve.  Stop being a stereotypical omega and trying to nurture me. I'm a big boy." He walked around the car and put an arm around Steve's waist.  "But don't ask me to come out with you on any more crazy trips. Until that WSC meeting, I'm officially on hiatus. I just wanna work in the shop."
No wonder Steve needed another Alpha.  Tony had been stripped of his power, of his pride, years ago.  He felt like a fool for thinking any omega would want him after what had been done to him.
"полковник Карпов?" he repeated tentatively. He needed someone to explain to him what the fuck was going on.
Pepper reached over and grabbed Tony's suit jacket to keep him from running off without breaking her monologue.  "--any potential controversies or hostile reporters, they're divided into political on top in green and social on bottom in orange, plus two generalized statements in yellow, back pocket, extra business cards, page six has dossiers on everyone seated at Tony's table, make sure he gets the seat farthest from the bar, if you need to, steal someone else's, allergies on page seven--"
When Tony's teeth sank into his neck Steve felt a spark low in his belly. He grunted and squirmed and felt Tony getting hard on top of him. He felt his own body responding in kind. It felt different in a way he couldn't really describe or comprehend- but he could stomach it. It still felt
"Steve," he whispered hoarsely.  "...omega..."  He reached for Steve's neck, to check if his mark was still there.  Of course it was.  Tony felt the slightest, slightest bit better.  Bonds didn't break.  He and Steve were still in this together.  At least they had that.  At least they had each other.
"I'm fine, I'm fine," said Tony, brushing Steve off.  "It's just... gross. The collar thing. ...I feel like there's something wrong with me.  That thing looked like a medieval torture device." He sighed a little. He should have known there would be collars in an exhibit about locks.
"I know. I know. You don't have to hurt me, please, just--" Steve sighed in relief as Tony's rough fingers closed around him and groaned as he stroked him. Steve rocked his hips into the touch with small undulations of his hips and panted and whined, his head tilted back until he finally came undone beneath him.
"Captain America," said Cooper, tapping his left shoulder twice, lacing his fingers together, and making a stirring motion.  Steve realized he was automatically signing what he was saying.
"You're really not supposed to move him!  He could have a neck injury," Pepper insisted.  "Tony. Tony? Can you hear us yet?"
"Okay, okay, take thirty-three.  Is that boom mic out of the shot?  Great.  We're still rolling?  Great."  Howard cleared his throat.  "Everything is achievable through technology. Better living, robust health, and for the first time in human history, the possibility of world peace. So, from all of us here at Stark Industries, I would like to personally introduce you to the City of Tomorrow."  A pause.  "Fuck.  Future.  City of the... Tomorrow?  Future.  Cut."
Tony did not take the opportunity to tell him to get out, so Steve, feeling a little bit emboldened, continued.  "I
Sure, the house was huge, but Steve was someone who liked to be on the move. He hadn't been on one of his signature miles and miles long runs in far too long. He was itching to get back out there and sprint along the beech.
"What do we do?  Have Rhodey buy him?" asked Tony, looking up at Steve.  "Or do we like... put a wire on him, try to bust Gene for whoring him out?  I don't want to compromise Project 84 but we've gotta get Donner out of there, it's our fault that he-- it's
Tony tucked his notepad into the waistband of his jeans, looking sobered by the existence of the collar in the exhibit.
Steve was actually fairly used to this behavior.  Tony's hangovers always upset his stomach more than his head.  Part of his recovery usually involved puking. Truthfully, for a man his age, the recovery process was terrifyingly streamlined; once he purged, Tony could usually be expected to be drinking again in less than six hours.  Then again, it wasn't too surprising, considering his genetics. Steve had seen Howard's drinking habits and knew that Tony's father had had the same sort of remarkable ability to get himself to the border of alcohol poisoning, throw up, drink a glass of water, and declare himself better and ready to go back to partying.
funny business.  What constituted "funny business," anyway?  Surely anything they'd already done was on limits.  Licking Steve's neck, stroking his hair... these things were okay, right?  Tony didn't ask, because he strongly believed that asking forgiveness was easier than asking for permission.  He couldn't stand it if Steve said no.  He wanted to lick him again.  But this time he would absolutely not lose control and mark him.  He just wanted one quick taste, while he was sober.  That was it.
His fingertips, dangling just past Steve's collarbone, suddenly twitched; he reached down to brush Steve's nipple, tilting back the bottle again to take another swig.
? You're gross," he told him but there was no bite to his words. At least Tony was being honest, he supposed. But still, it was enough to make Steve blush full-on and he didn't bother to try and hide it this time. He dropped his scarf down onto the floor. The makeup was still half there, hiding the mark on his neck somewhat. "A nap sounds perfect," he hummed quietly and sat down on the edge of the bed. "No funny business, though," he added firmly. The sight of Tony in bed like this, pulling the covers back was maybe just a little too inviting to refuse. Steve moved to take his shoes off and then raised a brow. "Which shirt? It better not be one that I liked best."
Oh well, he wasn't with SHIELD anymore, was he?  He had no obligation to them.  But, to Bucky... well, they were bonded, after all.
"...can I see him?" asked the soldier suddenly, looking up.  He felt drawn to the omega in the cargo hold, the one he'd helped search and disarm and tie up and carry to the plane.
"Oh," said Donner mildly.  That meant nothing to him; he didn't know anything about Richard Emmett, either.  No one told him about the Alphas he would be serving, only their names. It wasn't his place to know.
!" gasped Tony, pumping himself into Steve. Steve cracked off part of the countertop and it smashed to the floor (hundreds of thousands of dollars, right there); Steve clawed for new purchase and sent a couple of orchids, a bowl of fruit, a stack of mail, and a couple of glasses to the floor.  Neither one noticed the mess; they were sweating and panting and pounding against and into each other, blissfully unaware of the destruction they were causing. Tony had practically scaled onto Steve, and Steve had crawled on top of the broken counter, and they were currently rolling around like there was no tomorrow.
-- oh, God, it's so bitter."  He grabbed a corner of the sheets and dragged his tongue over it, desperate to get the taste out of his mouth.
Steve was doing what Steve did best, walking through with his head held high.  But there was no protecting him from reading the signs or hearing people yelling.  With Steve's enhanced hearing and height, he probably heard more and saw more than Tony, to be honest.
a collar, he wanted it for a purpose but did he actually want to buy one? Hell no. Especially not one that cost a million dollars. Jesus Christ...
"Tony. Tony I'm gonna- I'm gonna..." Steve clenched around, his insides squeezing at Tony's cock, trying to milk it. And then he came, crying out Tony's name as he came over his hand and the sofa beneath them. He shuddered in pleasure, lips parting and hips rolling back as he rode out his orgasm just right.
whole days. There would definitely be opportunity in that space of time to-- Steve shuddered at the thought. Donner seemed so sweet, so genuinely nice. It made Steve feel queasy, the thought of him being given away like that.
Tony beamed at Pepper.  "It's Christmas Eve. Can we go up to the lodge?" he asked, ignoring the offered hand.
Later, he would feel annoyance and anger that the attack at the Expo had stolen a precious day from him.  The honeymoon period was only a week, perhaps two, but was considered one of the most intense experiences of a person's life, up there with having your first born baby, or getting married, or graduating college.  Historically, most cultures had a series of practices around it, but Tony had always shirked tradition, preferring to do things his own way.  Besides, in America, most of the older practices had been abandoned.  He sure as hell doubted Steve expected a collar, the forties' equivalent to a wedding band. Nowadays, seeing an omega in a collar was like seeing a woman in a corset.  It was considered, at best, kinky and slightly tasteless.  Some pair-bonds did exchange rings, or got matching tattoos, but Tony felt traditions like that were trendy and fleeting; his style had always been timeless, removed from current fads.  (The one exception: he had gotten his ears pierced in the eighties.  He was at MIT and had let some upperclassmen convince him it was a good idea.  He'd worn the earrings for exactly one week, until coming home from spring break, when Obadiah had practically torn them out of his ears and informed him that, if Howard found out he was strutting around like a damn queer, he was in for a world of pain.  Tony had let his ears grow back, secretly glad, because he wasn't really sure he'd been pulling off the look anyway.)
"Go to hell, Whippy Longstocking," muttered Tony, holding up one of his palms out to fire; the other man flung out one of the cables and it hit the suit with an electric jolt that Tony felt all the way down to his bones.  His teeth itched.  He could smell singed hair.  The digital readout Tony was staring at within the suit scrambled and Tony felt a renewed sense of panic.  The Mark IV had never been designed for this sort of battle.  He fired off two shots, but both missed; targeting was down.
The morning of the White House event Steve got up early to jog off his frustrations, finding a sleepy Tony in bed next to him. He kissed his cheek and got a grunt in response and smiled. "I'll see you at breakfast," he breathed softly against his cheek before rolling out of bed.
"I'll meet you up there," said Tony, turning his head to steal a kiss.  "Maybe we could fool around a bit." He linked arms with Steve. Malick's room was two floors above theirs, so Steve walked out of the elevator, leaving Tony on his own.
Tony groaned.  Steve had been over there a lot lately.  Tony could not stand the grieving process and, indeed, avoided any sort of mourning as if he was allergic to it.  He had not cried at his parents' funeral, nor Obadiah's, nor Jarvis's or Ana's.  For Yinsen, there had been no memorial service at all.
"Jackass," replied Sam, slipping down into the shaft.  Tony followed, and they made their way into the heart of the base.  The walls were concrete, and Tony couldn't see heat signatures through them, but he wasn't too worried.  There simply might be nothing to see yet. The base was mostly scientists after all, and they were deeper in the compound, underground... still unaware that they were under attack.
Sure enough, Steve had no sooner left the hospital and gotten into an unmarked SUV than he discovered he'd bled through the crotch of the pants Kate had given him.  He was in the same undershirt he'd arrived at the hospital in and it was more blood than clean cloth.  His.  Fury's.  Bucky's.
Natasha turned around in her seat to finally face them. Her hair was done up in a tight bun and she was dressed in all black. She'd had a serious day, Steve figured.  "Well," she breathed. "The machine is ready when you are. I won't be
codename, the Nut Cracker?  Jesus, give a dying man a break," huffed Tony, hunching up in his seat, loathing all of them.
"...yeah, just for relaxing.  I was thinking of just hanging out around the pool.  Maybe hitting the gym and sauna. Taking care of myself."  During the two months in Colorado, Tony had done literally nothing that would be considered even remotely healthy.
"I think he can still expect to have a natural heat in December or January, yes," said Dr. Gleason.  Tony cringed noticeably. So far, heats had caused the two of them nothing but trouble. He wasn't really looking forward to one.  Especially if they had no way to protect themselves against any unwanted... accidents. He was all too aware that Gleason was concentrating on taking Steve's blood pressure and hadn't yet answered his question about contraceptives.
"Why do act like a servant?" Steve asked before getting up and walking over to fetch his phone. DeSoto scowled.
drunk. March was too hard for him, in between the anniversary of his escape from Afghanistan and his parents' death.  Steve sighed, bubbles bobbling up to the surface.
Which meant he had to get that self-assembling armor put together as soon as possible.  Unless he wanted to haul around the Mark IV constantly, he would need the Mark VII battle-capable, ready to summon it whenever Bucky reared his head again.
The crowd wasn't too overwhelming, thought Steve, scanning the audience anxiously before focusing on the grounding touch of Tony's hand in his.  He knew he was doing it for the show, and that he was annoyed at him, but Steve still appreciated it. It was a tiff, really. Hardly even a fight. They'd probably just talk it out and have angry sex against a wall later (that was how these things usually went.)
New plan: get trashed, maybe see if he could have a good aggressive fuck with Steve, and then fall asleep.
"Steve.  Steve, focus.  You've got that interview--"  Tony was starting to think the interview was a crappy idea.  He was all for dispelling myths, but there was no myth to dispel here.  In pre-heat, omegas were bonkers. Maybe not as bonkers as they were in full heat, but still.  "--so go get dressed in something comfy and go downstairs and grab a glass of OJ, okay? You can run later."
Tony ignored the question.  "So, you're like, infertile?"  The truth was, Tony had spent most of his high school biology classes drawing circuit designs.  Biology had simply never held much interest for him.
Enjoy this chapter, with more smut than ever, plus the answers to such questions as, "How long can Steve hold his breath?" and "Is Steve circumcised?" and "What does Tony think about #stony?"
The car lapsed into silence for the rest of the ride to the airport.  Tony's plane was idling in front of the hangar; Charlie, the pilot, was sitting on the steps reading a comic book.  She put it away when she saw them getting out of the car. Unlike Happy and Pepper and Steve, Charlie was in her usual get-up, which was cargo shorts and a t-shirt that featured a rabbit wearing headphones.
Steve whimpered; his neck burned and Tony was pulling away and spitting on the floor. His knot throbbed almost painfully inside of Steve. He felt something wet slip down the curve of his neck. He shuddered. "Tony?" He asked quietly, sounding almost afraid. "What-- what was that?"
"You can come if you want to," Steve said. "But you'll probably just get bugged by all the people who work there. Last time I went everyone was staring. It was sort of intimidating." It then occurred to Steve that Tony didn't find that kind of thing intimidating at all. Whilst Steve had been his PA, Tony had been in the spotlight every time he'd walked out the doors. And he seemed to handle it well. Tony being at his interview could equally be supportive, or distracting. "Why don't you pick me up
"...you can always wear scarves," suggested Tony softly as Dr. Gleason rose to get Steve a cup of tea.  "Or tell them that it's a remnant from your old bond but we're still just a pair, not a trio." He looked down.  "...or..." He cleared his throat uncomfortably, and his voice cracked a little. "...or you could just say, yeah, it's a trio, so what?  ...everyone would think that would be real ballsy for an omega. They'd attack me, not you. It wouldn't put back omega rights at all if you said that.  It would just make me look..." Tony trailed off.
Steve didn't want to admit it, but he kind of missed Fury's secret missions. He'd enjoyed the rush and the thrill. He'd enjoyed feeling like he was
"Kids aren't really going to fit in with the whole army thing, I think," Steve pointed out gently. "Especially with the charity too, and Iron Man. I mean... I get shot at once or twice a month," he joked and the audience laughed. They probably didn't think it was true.
"You know, the weird thing is, I sort of... vaguely remember talking to Ron last night and something he said about DeSoto really interested me.  But I can't for the life of me remember what it was. ...I should probably lay off the drinking." Tony sipped froth off the lip of the can.
Only one other person had survived the raid.  Tony's driver had been shot, along with the man in the front seat beside her.  The escort that had ironically thrown up a peace sign: also dead, shot trying to defend him.  But there had been a fourth person there, in Tony's escort.  That stupid kid, the one who barely looked old enough to be in the army, the one who had asked Tony for an autograph before the presentation that Tony had denied him.
He really, really liked the omega and hadn't backed down on begging to see him when they arrived at the base.  Karpov had relented "just to shut you up," and told him he could forget about dinner because he'd been so annoying, which the soldier felt was a fair enough trade.  He much preferred spending time with the omega to eating anyway.
"But behaving certainly isn't throwing toast all over the floor," Laura pointed out. She seemed so normal Steve was struggling to work out how she fit into two assassins' lives.
"Come on, let's go!" he barked, grabbed Steve's arm and yanking.  "It's you they want, Rogers, hurry, let's move..."
"If you're not defying status roles while you're getting dinner then what's the point, right?" Steve said, a small smile on his lips. Pepper smiled back. Steve rubbed at the back of his neck. "Is that... what people are calling him, my primary Alpha?" he asked, not sounding happy about it.
Steve was crying now. He himself wasn't clear how much of it was frustration and how much of it was acting.
Tony spent the day happily replacing the muffler on one of his cars while JARVIS pinged him with every update in the newest Steve Rogers interview.
He snuggled up against Steve, enjoying the smoothness of the plane ride.  He knew Steve wasn't an enormous fan of planes, but Tony was. He loved flying.  And his plane was rather nice... he'd designed it himself.
Not everyone was playing poker, of course.  True to his word, J. Jameson had stuck to poker, which suited him very well because Tony could hear him shouting "Hit me!" across the room.  But poker was where the real action was at and that was where Tony wanted to be.
Steve smiled faintly as Tony's fingers curled over his own. "It'll get better," he whispered. "I promise next time I'll be in amour...not in jeans. I'm usually better than that." Steve nuzzled against Tony's neck with a hum. "And I don't just mean you were
him.  But he also felt like it wouldn't keep building; there was some inevitable conclusion that his gut was telling him was the most desirable thing on the planet.  It wasn't sex.  Sex was a component, yes.  But it was much, much, much more than that.  Something Tony didn't have but now was certain that he needed.  Something that Tony couldn't believe he had lived his whole life without, because whatever it was, it was
He woke before Tony in the morning. It was around eight. Steve knew he wouldn't wake for a while, especially after everything he'd drunk the night before, so he went down for a swim in the pool. There was no else around except for an old woman who looked about eighty and evidently didn't recognise him.
Funnily, Tony appreciate T'Challa's reticence.  When he was T'Challa's age he had had the same sort of attitude about bonding.  It felt like such a terrifyingly huge commitment, to be so completely enmeshed with another person.  If Tony had never found Steve then, undoubtedly, he would have maintained that attitude for the rest of his life.
"Just because you're a bad omega doesn't mean you  have to be mean to me," he said. Steve rolled his eyes and turned to look at him over his shoulder.
"Not your fault, Steve," Tony murmured, stroking the mating mark on the back of Steve's neck.  It was still healing.  "You can't save everyone. You tried..."
"I love you," mumbled quietly.  The words were weird and foreign in his mouth.  But they were true.  "...or if you, uh, don't want to watch a movie, there's, you know- we can just watch TV.  The news is still going on and on about you.  You really stirred things up."
"You know you're the fourth person to ever touch it?" said Tony, glancing down as Steve's fingers traced the arc reactor.
Steve's eyes flicked up to his face, red rimmed and glazed over. "The real problem is, Tony, you don't love me as much as you hate yourself. Because my opinion, and how I think or feel, will never speak louder to you than your own anxieties."
Steve looked up. Was Tony saying something? Had he been? He wasn't listening. He realised he wasn't breathing properly, his eyes red rimmed around the edges.
Pietro stood wordlessly and walked out, his face blank but his eyes stormy beneath the surface. Steve swallowed as he watched the omega go. He'd said the wrong thing, maybe. Steve sighed and leaned against Bucky.
The drive to the studio felt too quick and before Steve knew it him and Tony were being plonked down into make-up chairs and their hair was being fixed. Aria leaned against the table top beside Steve, tapping away on her phone. "When is the conference?"
"Guessing that's for us," said Tony.  He set Steve down gingerly. "The pad's over there.  You meet them. I'll fly," he added, clicking on his faceplate.
. It sounded stressful. Would they start asking about them having a family again? Aria said the presidential dinner was beginning to come out into the public domain- no one was mentioning Steve's entrance, thank God. It was all incredibly positive.
Tony examined the scuff on the shoulder of the suit.  He didn't really remember flying it over.  But he'd definitely hit something on the way.  He sighed and ran a hand through his hair.  Eh... that was probably buff out, maybe.
"But you didn't even try!" Steve protested. "You just tried to warn me about Alphas approaching. And now you've put me in a car with three unbonded ones!
Tony grabbed the bowl and began wolfing it down.  In his shop, Tony often treated eating like an unnecessary chore, an interruption to his work.
One of the photos was older, dog-earred, faded.  A candid shot of a man leaning out of a window, smoking and lost in thought, shirt unbuttoned, a pair of dog tags around his neck.  "Who's that?" demanded Tony.
"They left me here," said Bucky mildly.  He didn't really question why he ended up anywhere; he assumed HYDRA knew what it was doing.  He wasn't supposed to ask why.
Tony ran a hand down his back shakily.  "There's semen on my face," he stated, voice cracking slightly.  He cleared his throat, then added, "...that was... really good, Steve."  He laughed quietly and reached up to wipe Steve's cum from his beard. God, if anyone had told him a year ago he would think this was normal, he would have thought they were insane.
He felt satisfied with Steve, at least for now.  Steve had a weird way of triggering sudden urges in him.
"T-Tony...please. I-I..." Steve was shaking, his fingers digging into the sheets.  "You gotta...you gotta do something. I c-can't--"
"Where are you going?  Hot date?" he joked, hoping Steve would spill the beans.  He lay back down, kicking off his jeans, yanking off his shirt, and pulling up the covers, getting comfortable.  Tony's bounce-back ability was unparalleled, but he needed at least a few more hours of sleep and a shower before he would be able to shake his hangover.  He'd definitely had too much last night.
"Tequila shots!" Tracy announced from the counter. "Oh my God Steve. Come do the thing where you do ten in a row again; that was so funny!"
"Are you kidding me?  After what happened with Steve's last heat?  HYDRA knows he's vulnerable and they got that mutant who can get into his head, the one they call The Witch.  Her and some other kid are making their way toward you now."
Pepper actually looked hurt and it occurred to Steve that, for years, she had been Tony's sole confidante.  And now she wasn't. Steve's jealousy of her was clearly not one-sided.
Now that Donner was both safe and out of his house, he was feeling a lot better.  And he was actually looking forward to going off to England for a while, just the two of them.  Tony looked Steve over again, gooily. The weird thing about bonds was that they pretty maintained the same level of over-the-top devotion for their entirety.  Tony doubted he'd ever get sick of Steve. Every time he saw Steve or smelled him all over again, he felt the familiar tug toward him. Even though Steve was a guy, with a strong jaw and sideburns and the kind of abs Tony would kill for... he just loved him.
Frond flicked her cigarette away and walked over to Tony, reaching behind his ears.  "Here. If you put your finger just behind the earlobe and then go back and up about an inch.  You feel the skull, but there's a small little cushion. That's the gland."
, because a part of him wanted to say yes. Because this woman was stunning and confident and actually talking to him and touching him how he wished Tony would, instead of cozying up with old flames... he definitely felt a rush of arousal as Brooke pressed closer and he could feel her chest pushing against his own and Steve-- Steve screwed his eyes shut and felt his vision swim and he wished he hadn't had the fifth drink. When did he even finish that drink? He didn't know. But he apparently had.
"...I'll work on an alibi.  SHIELD can't know about Bucky," said Natasha firmly.  "We can say Steve had a meltdown, went on the lam, he's sorry, it won't happen again... they'll give him another tracker and that'll be that."
"Over dramatic?! You've been funding schools that lock people up for children to practice having sex with. Are you kidding me? The sort of stuff your money has gone towards is inhumane, it's more than inhumane, it's monstrous, it's-"
Donner got to his feet with a groan.  "Sorry. Gotta pee. ...the doctors are really good, Banksy, they're gonna do everything and more for him."  He patted Banksy's shoulder as he passed.
Tony felt he needed a drink or two, though, as he was trying to keep up with the news.  Plenty of people were happy about the bonding.  Some were skeptical.  But the thing that hurt Tony the most wasn't the skeptics.  It was the people who said Steve could do better, that Tony wasn't good enough for him, that Captain America shouldn't have settled for Tony. Tony liked to think of himself as fun and eccentric but was well aware that he often came across as a jerk.  And he'd never really cared one bit, until now.
"Fucking omega slut," gasped Tony, and promptly spasmed, digging his fingers into Steve and jerking his hips up as he ejaculated.
"Here you go," Aria handed him a cup. Steve smiled gratefully. "Sorry we woke you." She definitely was not sorry.
If Steve had been different-- smaller, more fragile-- Tony would never have been okay with it.  How Natasha could stand letting Clint disappear for months at a time on dangerous, classified missions, Tony had no idea.
Steve laughed easily, feeling more hyper than he had in an age. His skin was buzzing. He'd never done anything like that before in his life.
"...you know... equality... fuck, man, I don't know," said Tony, who had managed to get the bartender to leave the bottle of whiskey and was drinking from it like a man dying from thirst.
At the SHIELD base Steve didn't know what to tell them. He thought everything they were doing was stupid and foolish, and reminded the scientists of it at regular intervals. They were clearly getting equally frustrated with him, running off statistics and numbers like he was supposed to understand. "Look," one of them said, pointing to a video monitor. "Sometimes it convulses, like this." The blue energy around the Tesseract twisted, the pattern circular and uniform around the cube. But no space window.
Natasha flashed a badge at the gate and drove them onto the air field.  (SHIELD, wondered Tony?  Or CIA?  Or NSA?  What sort of badge gave her such instantaneous access?)  It was oddly devoid of reporters; only Charlie, Pepper, and Happy were waiting for them.
don't have kids," interrupted Tony.  "You and Nat don't have to worry about this, do you?"  Omegas couldn't get Alphas pregnant. That was just biology.  "Question: how does that work? Like, does she wear a strap-on, or--"
"I'm sorry," he murmured again, softly.  He felt like it was his fault, driving Steve to be reckless, and that, in turn, his fault for Steve ending up here with a forced bond mark on his neck.
He could hear beeping.  It took him a while to realize that the beeping was perfectly psyched up to his heartbeat.
Aria was obviously more concerned with Steve than the interview; she'd sat down on the other side of the couch.  Tony snarled at her. She ignored him.
Pepper's jaw dropped.  She stared at Tony incredulously.  It wasn't uncommon that Alphas would attack omegas, take advantage of them, and then later, when charges were pressed, claim they couldn't help it, that they were feral, out of their minds, and that the omegas had been at fault in the first place.  It was 2010 but omegas were often still treated with contempt.  Pepper had always thought of herself and Tony as above that, assumed the "I lost control" argument was one of weak, impulsive Alphas who just wanted to have a good time.  But there was no doubt in her mind that if she and Happy hadn't been there, Tony would have taken Steve without a moment's hesitation.
Rhodes shook his head in amazement.  This guy seemed so over-the-top brainwashed that it was unsettling.
"Oh.  Sorry.  I'm just... used to him," said Tony, looking up.  "...I guess when you think about it, having an artificially intelligence cyber butler is... kinda weird.  ...it's basically a computerized ghost of my dad's omega.  Yeah, okay I'm definitely seeing how that's weird now.  We can shut him off, you know, if it makes you uncomfortable.  Or send him off to hang out on the cloud or the 'net.  Sometimes he likes to upload himself onto the web and just kind of browse.  It helps him expand his algorithms. He's a learning program."
"It's a sensible precaution," he hummed. So Nat and Sam hadn't told him then. They were good friends; Steve was grateful to be saved the embarrassment.  Although Fury was a beta, he was, in a way, Steve's boss, and Steve didn't like the idea of Fury seeing him in heat.
He slid an arm around Steve and tentatively touched the back of his neck.  "I know it makes you feel uncomfortable. We don't have to. We can leave your neck alone," he said.
"When I was like twenty? No. I was bonded and I was pretty miserable." Steve was beginning to understand that he loved Bucky, with all his heart. But that he also didn't enjoy being bonded to him. The two things weren't mutually exclusive. He didn't have to
"I'm-- I'm real close, Steve, I promise, I'm--"  Bucky looked around. He had been walking aimlessly.  He was at a street corner. "--I'm back home, in Brooklyn, corner of Crown and Franklin.  But it's okay, you don't come to me,
There was a groan of protest from the audience and Tony felt a pang of anxiety.  Shit, did people actually want them to have kids? Were they stupid or something?  He looked over at Steve, hoping for some back-up.
Tony burst out onto the pool deck to find Ty and Steve talking, staring down at the sparkling crystal surface of the water.
Steve set Tony down on his bed and then quickly went to fetch the man a glass of water. As he did he sent a text to Fury:
Tony snorted a little when Steve said "cardio."  Tony's heart was literally broken, jagged spikes of metal wedged into it, dangling threateningly centimeters away from the valves and arteries.  On an X-ray, Tony's heart resembled a hedgehog.  His sternum had nearly been completely obliterated by the blast that had ruined his heart, and the pieces had been pulled out to make room for the cylinder and base plate that held the arc reactor.  He could just imagine them trying to hook him up to a bunch of electrodes; the energy output of the reactor would probably scramble all their equipment, if not fry it into oblivion.
"Fuck, m'late?  Fuck," said Tony, dragging a hand down his face.  "...does my dander look any better?" He reached behind himself and touched the back of his neck.  It was still tender and puffy, but it felt a lot better. He was hoping it wasn't outwardly noticeable.  He didn't want anyone staring at his neck.
.  You know he nearly went through what I did?  But he didn't. Steve, as an omega, is more dominant than me, as an Alpha.  Pathetic. I don't deserve him." He took another swig from the flask.
Tony realized, too late, what Tiberius was looking at.  He reached up to smooth down the hair on the back of his head and neck.  "...lab accident," he said, a little too quickly.
Tony reached for Steve's hand.  "...thanks for doing this, guys.  You need funding, bill it to S.I., okay?  Me n' Pepper'll take care of it. C'mon, Steve..."
"Steve!"  Carter was reaching for him, but so was another man, and a moment later the two of them were holding each other's wrists, grappling, a weird dance on the floor, both of them on their knees.
Steve was giggling and squirming under him; the moment Tony grasped his dick, he began thrusting with eager moans.  Tony had no clue whose bright idea it was to have a pre-heat interview, but he felt like it was a bad idea. Steve was child-like and desperate; he was not himself during his heats.
The reporter looked delighted; she was filming the fight with relish.  Two billionaires going feral and trying to tear each other's throats out was excellent reporting; she was pretty sure she was going to get a raise after this.
"Did you know that the Greeks thought orchids looked like testicles?" asked Tony suddenly.  "...I was reading about them online. Orchids, I mean. Not Greeks or testicles. ...I'm just gonna shut up now."  He wriggled against Steve's leg, his hand exploring, stroking Steve's entrance, tracing the length of his shaft. "...you like me, right?  I mean, you think I'm a good person?" asked Tony suddenly. Maybe it was unfair of him to ask that while touching Steve, but he needed to hear it.
"-no, there's no time, Rhodey!  Listen, I'm sorry I threw you through a wall, I'll buy you a drink, okay? Just listen- Hammer is working with Vanko; Vanko called me- he planned this. I think he's going to attack me--"
"It's okay," Steve said and moved to sit down. He tried to keep his face neutral as he did so. "We don't have to leave for another half an hour though, right?"
They stepped into, what looked like, a fairly normal office block building. Steve walked into the lift comfortably like he'd been there before and pressed the button for the twenty-third floor. The lift doors slipped close and Steve reached out to take Tony's hand, running the pad of his thumb over his knuckles.
He looked out the clear door again, but the hall was still empty.  Where the hell was Karpov? How could Karpov abandon him like this?  He wanted Karpov. Wanted the comfort his handler provided to him, the knowledge that the world was an ordered place and that he was a cog that rolled smoothly through it.  A grain of sand on a vast, incomprehensible beach that only needed to
"Well.  I'll leave you be.  I suppose I'll see you both tomorrow, at the party.  ...Stark, you know it's not noon yet, don't you?"
"There's been a lot of discussion but we think you'll like the compromise we came to," she said as they walked into the elevator, pressing one of the buttons.
This dream was new.  Tony had lots of nightmares, but never this one.  He wasn't sure where the fuck it was coming from, because he had been told in no uncertain terms that his parents hadn't suffered.  That they had died on impact. But now, he'd had the dream at least a half-dozen times. The first part was hazy; he was watching the car from the outside.  The part that was clear was the part where his mother was crying. Then he'd reach for her, then he'd wake up.
"Me too.  But no, he's actually rather mild.  Practically beta-like. Maybe that explains Rogers's behavior..."
They stepped out of the copter to see the light of Tony's suit glinting up above them. Steve's gaze followed it around for a second. Natasha pulled out a tablet. "Right. Our three contact points, wires to jennies, are here, here and here-" She pointed to two closer dots, then one much further away.
He reached up to undo his bowtie.  Neither of them could tie Steve's.  So instead they'd match like this, look cool and casual.  Whatever.
"Jesus Tony. You need to be more careful," Steve huffed. Only Tony would forget that he had goddamn broken fingers. He was nearly crying and he still wouldn't let Steve help him up. Steve sighed. "I'll just go get you some painkillers." He went to the bathroom and turned the shower on to get hot before he moved to grab the pills. He got two out for Tony and pulled out his good hand before dropping the pills into them. "Those are for you."
"I'd probably end up setting them on fire.  It's a common misconception that my moniker means I'm capable of ironing a shirt," said Tony breezily.
"Tony's PA let me in," Doctor Brennan said in explanation and Steve felt mildly relieved. "How's it going, Steve?"
"We should go to where Fury's at, make sure he's okay too," Steve said quietly, his gaze finally flitting down to Tony's face. He didn't think he'd ever seen his Alpha so unsure before. He reached up and brushed his fingers against Tony's cheek lightly. "It's not your fault, you know that, right? I told you that morning, to ignore how I felt. It was just..." he trailed off. "Bad timing."
A childish yet whimsical thought passed through his mind. Steve suddenly ached for his mother, a woman over 75 years dead... but least she would know what to do. And that, in some strange way, was a comforting thought.
.  I wouldn't want you to have to court martial me," he said, fingertips still gliding over Steve's face.
When Steve woke on the last day, he did so with a groan. Tomorrow was Project 84, or so he thought (it was hard to keep track of time like this). Steve felt tired more than anything. He hadn't even woken up with a hard-on (like the multiple days before). He just wanted to be close to Tony, to cling to him. Half the bed sheets were across the room and the dildo somehow ended up on the dressing table. Steve wrapped a leg around Tony and shuffled closed, tucking his head against his Alpha's chest. He listened to his heart beat for a few minutes (he had learned to lay his head off-center to hear it, because the arc reactor was situated over it) before opening his eyes again.
"So... I was thinking about, like-- do you want to get a job?" Aria asked and Steve blinked. "Because you did kind of get fired..."
"Heard you passed off the company, got a new CEO... big story, huh, Christine... maybe we could set her and Pepper up, I think I just saw her... you know, I just wanted to throw her a bone, she's a sweet kid--"
"...Steve?  I'm gonna take a nap, try to sober up before dinner... could you rub some lotion on my neck?" he asked quietly.  Even with the collar off, his hackles were still itching like crazy. The back of his neck had the same sort of inflamed itchiness caused by bedbugs or fleas, both of which he'd become acquainted with in Afghanistan.  His offer, allowing Steve to touch his neck, was no small request, and Steve understood Tony was trying to communicate how much he trusted his mate without actually verbalizing it.
"Come on, Clint.  Down. We've got to go," insisted Natasha, holding out her arms.  "We'll grab a bag of ice on the way. Come on."
Jed opened her mouth, about to protest. Steve patted her arm. "Just leave it. I think they've been confused enough already."
Tony wound the wires back into the socket and popped the reactor back in with a click.  He gave it a whack with the heel of his hand to make sure it was secure.
Pepper let out a long breath and closed her eyes for a brief moment. "Okay then JARVIS. Could you please tell Tony that his mate is currently suffering and afraid and bleeding on the floor of his bedroom? And quite possibly just had HYDRA find a way to take over his body and right now a good Alpha wouldn't be sulking downstairs, he would be
Tony trailed off.  He didn't want to say "dull," but that's what they were.  They were dull beyond all reason. Some of them had probably been raised since childhood to be that way, agreeable and compliant and unopinionated... a perfect blank slate for their future Alphas.
He ran a hand over the Alpha's arm and moved to cup his cheek, dragging Tony's furious gaze back to his face. "Hey. Just breathe for me. It happened 70 years ago. I left him very dead and I made him regret everything he tried to do," Steve promised lowly, eyes a fraction darker with the memory.  "I'm safe." Steve brushed the pad of his thumb over Tony's cheekbone gently. "Please don't be angry over this. He really isn't worth it."
But his personality evidently drove Tony up the wall. And yet there his boss had been, in the face of another Alpha, just because he wouldn't let go of his hand. Steve had been about to wrench away when Tony had appeared and then Steve really couldn't risk the other catching on about any super strength abilities he might have. And that reporter had seen the whole thing; Tony getting right up in Justin's face- not ideal. Would Pepper sack him over this?  Shit... had he just compromised the whole mission?
Tony’s second smoothie of the day was left on the side for him as well as another shot of espresso and the BLT sandwich he had asked for.
"Pietro, what are you talking about?" asked Bucky, who wasn't paying attention because of the omega in heat in front of him.
Dr. Brazinski was the head psychologist for SHIELD.  She was a beta with mousy brown hair and a pair of stylish green glasses.  Her office was cozy, with comfortable chairs and a small potted bonsai tree on her desk.  There were no pictures to hint at any sort of personal life.  The calendar behind the desk had a picture of a lighthouse.
"Tony, come-" Steve sighed as he pulled Pepper away. "...on," he finished, alone in the foyer now. Wonderful. He didn't bother to grab his shield from the gym; it was pointless. Stark security was top of the line.  He just headed upstairs to their room. Steve stripped down, stiffly. He grabbed wipes and got rid of the last of the blood away from his legs and then went to grab the first aid kit, redressing his bullet wound robotically. Steve had done this countless times and Tony would have been too shaky to help anyway.
"You don't need a three piece suit with a tie, but it won't hurt to look smart.  Business casual, I'd suggest."
George grinned. "I know a manipulative Alpha when I see one. I promise...I have plenty of experience."
Tony reached down; on the pavement there was a six-pack of beer.  "Hey, Jorge, you wanna beer?" he called.
"Oo.  Let's eavesdrop," said Tony immediately, curious.  He climbed to his feet painfully, stripping off the sleeve of wires, looking down at the metal glove twitching on the floor.  The casing of the RT node in the palm had broken on impact.  He'd need to find a way to secure that.
"Why..." His hands twisted up in the sheets, his words directed at no one in particular. "Why did you-- what did I do wrong?"
In the end, he just grabbed one at random to take back upstairs.  He wasn't sure what he was looking for, precisely. He was still pretty tipsy.  Perhaps some indication that Jarvis hadn't been one of the oppressed omegas of Steve's world, that he and his father had a good bond, that Jarvis was happy.  For some reason that was very important to Tony.
(Another question bubbled to the back of Tony's mind: how did Natasha do it?  When Clint presented himself, did she just ram a dildo into him or what?)
"Not allowed on the frontlines," Laura said and Steve nodded. Sounded about right. It was an improvement from the forties, at least. He remembered trying to enlist all those times and every time he got laughed straight out of the building. He'd wanted to go with Bucky so badly, fight the good fight... he guessed he'd gotten to, in the end.
Tony gave his hand a squeeze and they walked out of the alleyway together.  Tony felt like he was the perfect amount of tipsy: not slurring or stumbling, but definitely buzzed.
." His voice was whining and a little high pitched from the heat; his eyes were tearing up with emotion. He leaned his head against the suit's shoulder, eyes half drooping shut. Steve suddenly felt exhausted.
"You need to stay hydrated. You'll be doing a lot of talking and you don't want to fuck up your voice for later," Aria told him.
Another bead of fluid slid down Steve's neck, tinged pink with blood.  Tony reached up to wipe it away with one finger. "Does it hurt?"
It soon became apparent that their were going to win their legal battles. They had proof the camps couldn't deny, unwavering evidence. And the existence of places like the 'learning annex' and the discovery of artificial Alpha implants in hospital wings meant that it was very hard for them to deny even the worst of it.
