“You can say that again.” Sam watches Mom through the floor-to-ceiling windows, under the neon OPEN sign. She looks young. None of them really have a good idea of how old her body was when she was raised, but Sam is pretty sure she was the age she was when she died. Twenty-nine. She could power through five more nights like this, easy. Sam remembers the way her hands twitched on the steering wheel as she looked at the sky through the windshield, and he is absolutely certain she doesn’t belong in the bunker, under the dirt.
Sam always has that in the back of his mind, even if he only consciously thinks about it every few months or so, now, decades and decades between him and that grief. When he first found out about Brady he’d stewed over it for hours, just sitting there on a motel bed thinking about it. Jess must’ve let him in. Maybe she offered him cookies, and Brady would’ve said— he would’ve said something to get in the bedroom. Maybe he told her Sam forgot something in the pocket of a sweater. He could’ve gotten away with that, too, ‘cause Jess trusted him. He was a decent guy, even after that Thanksgiving. Never crossed any lines. Built up her trust. Oh, God.
“You need to be ready,” Dean says to him, as they stand there, waiting for Jack. He’ll know they’re here. He has to. “He might not be—”
“It is good, isn’t it,” Dean says incredulously. They figured it out. Took ‘em twelve years, but they figured it out. He bumps Claire’s shoulder. One day there’ll be a new crop of hunters, even younger than she is, and Dean’ll be like some old grandpa, telling war stories and feeding them up good. It feels good under his skin, all these things that could happen in the future, with all the people he loves. Warm with it, he says, “Thanks, kid,” and even he can hear the joy in it.
He doesn’t say any of that. Sam shrugs, and says, “Thanks, Cas,” and keeps his eyes forward, searching. Sam won’t truly be free until they find Jack. Until they know for certain what he is.
Dean shudders, and waits, ‘cause Cas says important things, too, in that voice. And Cas, who has always been true in desire even if he’s been cataclysmically stupid about many other things, doesn’t disappoint.
“Okay,” Dean says, and he turns his head to kiss Cas’s fingertips, and his palm. He sets Cas’s hand down on his chest, over his heart, and slides his arm under Cas’s neck to keep him close. “I believe you.”
Sam spots Dean in the sideview. “Let him come to you,” he says, low, “don’t bring it up, just— just find a way to let him know he’s safe with you.”
“You all right?” Dean asks, eyes on Cas as he goes under and stays under. He’s moving, at least, so evidently he can breathe, or he doesn't need to breathe, or whatever. Sam doesn’t understand the boundaries of Cas’s power, but unlike Dean, he can accept when things aren’t for him to know. Or maybe their divergence only happens around Cas. Around Cas’s friendship, and whatever it is that isn’t friendship for Dean.
It takes him a few days to work up to it, but he finds Mia Vallens’ contact info online — she’s wearing the same face in her headshot, at least, which makes it easier. Dean flips his phone in his hands nervously and then mans up and dials the fucking number.
He feels the even rise and fall of Cas’s chest under his cheek, the warmth of him against Dean’s belly, his thighs. He closes his eyes because he can’t— today, of all days, for him to be—
you, man?” Sam asks into his phone, jiggling his knee. Cas flips an egg absently while scrolling through his phone.
“I stole some from the bunker kitchen,” Mary admits. Dean laughs, at least, and Mary smiles. “Your options are English Breakfast and… unlabeled leaves in a plastic bag.”
No one else knows. Dean probably knows at least a little of it, since he does their laundry, but Sam hasn’t— Dean’s never brought it up, so Sam hasn’t either. She likes having things that belong to her.
“I feel like— hah, I dunno,” Sam laughs, “I wanna show it off. Shoulda gotten one on the arm, maybe.”
One morning when Cas slides out of bed early and creaks out the door, Dean wakes up. “You goin’ out?”
Dean catches Cas’s eye as he hands the wallet over. And then he bursts into laughter. “Fuck,” he snorts, putting his head back against the seat. “So much for the goddamn closet, huh.”
And there’s someone who almost definitely isn’t supposed to be walking into a locked bank at just past midnight.
Donnie crouches down next to him, hand on Dean’s back, as warm as Dad’s gun is cold. “Jesus Christ, Dean, yeah, I don’t want you to die either. You don’t deserve that.”
Mia makes an agreeable noise. She says, “If you— if you’d like to talk now, I have forty-five minutes.”
— so goddamn stupid. He escaped the second Dean wasn’t there to be prison warden. The second Dean went out to have a drink so he didn’t have to live in the same house as his most humiliating mistake. “He just left?”
“Kay.” Sam leaves him, and Dean eyes the paper, innocuous. He goes over to the desk and unfolds it, and balks at the dense handwriting covering the entire inside page and, when he turns the paper around, the bottom half of the back too, opposite to where Dean’s written PARENTING AUDIT. Sam’s crossed out the lines GOOD STUFF and BAD STUFF, and crowded all the rest of it in with his neat cursive.
Finally, when he gets tired of Cas being far enough away to become a picture, he makes his own way to the tree, ‘til he gets close enough that he doesn’t have to look at Cas anymore.
Cas smiles. “Yes, Dean, I know.” He pulls Dean into him, kisses him like that, there in the middle of the floor of Dean’s bedroom, upright enough for the two of them. His mouth is something new, something unheard of— Dean’s never been so lightheaded over anybody in his life. “Lie down?”
“A spell, huh?” Oh Christ. Dean tries to get Brian to back off, but no, the guy’s got— Dean knew he had a fire in him and he respects it, sure, that’s why the hell he brought him back in the first place, but there’s fire and then there’s suicide and when a man’s pointing a gun in your face— “I’m flattered you think I’m that pretty, but older guys aren’t really my type—”
Oh, Christ. Dean’s nothing. He’s empty. How’s he supposed to raise a kid like this? He’s the loneliest man in the world.
“Weirdo,” Dean says, and then he sighs. His mouth twists, and he admits, “Cas was— Cas was weird about food too. Had to eat crap in a certain order, didn’t like his foods to mix. Some days he just couldn’t taste anything. He was the hardest asshole in the world to cook for, I swear to God.”
“Would you like another finger?” Cas asks him, looking up, and then— “Or do you want me to hit you again?”
“This is.” Sam blinks, and huffs out a laugh. “Dean. This says ‘Parenting Audit’ on it. What the fuck?”
Did she think her boyfriend’s best friend was about to rape her in her own bedroom. Was she relieved when he gutted her instead. Oh fuck. Fuck.
“What you said.” She looks at him. He pauses, with the TV standing upright on the ground and styrofoam pellets everywhere. It’s strange, to be the one making tea while he does the hard work. She’s used to being young, being the menial labor of the family, weeding out gardens and hanging up paintings for her older relatives. “About me looking like— like him. Like your, uh, Dean.”
“Yeah, man, I’m getting that.” Sam studies his hands for a moment, and then turns to meet Dean’s eyes. “First off. Cas trusted you, Dean. That’s what the problem is. He trusted you on this one, and you really betrayed him by lying.”
When Dean looks at Jack, he sees Sam. He sees in him Sam’s curious eyes, his writer’s hands — hands made for making new things, not for killing, the way Dean’s are.
Cas says his name like he always does— as if Dean deserves— Cas always says his name like it means more than it should. Dean shuts the hell up. And Cas chokes out again, “Dean—”
Sam winces. Dean knows he doesn’t want to be outside of the bunker’s warded concrete this soon after anything involving Lucifer. But Dean is sick with longing, and Cas is gone, and Mom wants to go on a hunt, and Dean feels selfish, unbelievably selfish. So he says, “Yeah, sure.”
“Impressive,” Cas says, once Dean takes the earmuffs off. “I’ve been wondering if I should learn to shoot.”
She wants him to open his eyes, and look at her like he’s her baby. She wants to make him feel safe enough to do that. It won’t happen today, she’s ruined it now, but maybe — maybe — if she plants the seeds well enough, it’ll happen soon.
Dean stops in the doorway, and wheezes out a breath, and looks at it. The wreckage. Not that it’s— it’s actually cleaner than it usually is, because
“What did you mean,” Dean says, finally, once he’s gotten over himself and can look at Cas without seeing all the things he’ll never have, “when you said it was obvious what you feel about me.”
“I love how much you care about the people in this world,” Cas whispers, while Dean leans down and presses his mouth against Cas’s jaw, his throat, the soft skin over his pulse. “I love the way you look when you’re in a community.”
Beef jerky tastes worse the older you get, Dean finds, and it never tasted all that great to begin with. Should probably be grateful he’s not a pile of charred remains, though, all things considered. He’s not.
. “You gonna help me put away this crap or are you just gonna bully me s’more about how I’m a bad example?”
“Don’t.” Dean finally pulls his legs up, swings over to sit beside Sam, ‘cause he can’t look at him for this. “He didn’t— not— not with you. So don’t—” Dean clears his throat. He can still feel John Winchester’s rage, after Flagstaff. He can still feel his hands on him from when Sam left for college. Hoarsely, as if Dad had choked him out only yesterday, he says, “Don’t say it like that.”
of this was to— was to make Cas feel good, but he peeks out from under his arm and there Cas is, still hard as ever, biting his lip with concentration as he looks at Dean’s body. Cas’s eyes slide up to his face, and Dean. Dean blinks, and moves his arm out of the way, so Cas can look at him.
The lore’s pretty shady on alternate universes. The bibliographies of 1930s journal articles have bounced him from book to book, which refer back to each other in an unending spiral of uselessness. According to the ‘definitive’ texts on the subject, alternate worlds either don’t exist, exist but can never be seen, or are so difficult to access safely that it would probably be better to die in a fiery plane crash than to even try.
“It’s settled then,” Cas says, and kisses his cheek, and then Dean turns into it and they’re kissing. They’re always making out in his car ‘cause Dean never really grew out of thinking that was the hottest thing, his baby under his thighs and some unparalleled beauty in the seat next to him.
“Claire’s a little bit like you, I suppose. Although they don’t have a gender at all.” And then, as if he didn’t just drop a bombshell, he continues, “What I mean to say is, maybe you’ll like the earrings instead. You could think about it.”
Dean’s shoulders tense. He blinks, and his tears soak Cas’s T-shirt, and his arms tighten around Cas’s body, and Cas just takes it like it’s the thing he’s been waiting to do his entire life. Dean doesn’t know what to do with that but he just— fifteen years it’s been since Dad, and it still gets him, and the way he’d felt afterwards— the way he’d been, inside of him, in his body, the way he knew it was all wrong. Knew he was supposed to be dead.
He doesn’t know anything about identifying birds or anything like that. Still, something he recognizes as a hunting bird, a bird of prey, sounds loudly.
It’s unbelievable. It’s absolutely unbelievable. What does that even— what does it— what the hell does he even mean.
“I need help,” Dean whispers into that room, shaking, his knee bouncing, sending Sam’s letter fluttering to the ground. He buries his face in his hands. “Cas, I need you,” he says, ‘cause Cas always makes things clear. Made things clear. Dean will never be half the man his dad was, and they all know that even his dad’s best wasn’t anywhere near good enough.
Sam pulls out his e-reader — Cas got him one, because they’re gift-giving buddies now, apparently — and squints at the screen while Dean tries to pretend everything is completely goddamn fine.
When he comes out from under the car, Amy’s got some classic tunes on the radio. She says it’s for his benefit but Dean knows she’s a Zepp fan as much as he is. A line from Bitter Creek —
“Yeah, he, uh.” Dean laughs, almost, or breathes out fast enough to count it as laughter. “Looked up prayers for, uh, queer— queer men. Is what he said.” He shrugs, keeps his eyes on the dirt. “Thought that was— wasn’t somethin’ people did.”
“Nice of you to say, Cas,” Dean settles on eventually. He swallows more of his beer. Sam shouldn’t have said a damn word. Oh, yeah, Dean knows all about it. He remembers Sam wondering aloud whether Dean might
“You’re not eating today?” Amy asks, kindly enough. She’s seen him puke his guts up more than he’s happy to admit, since they’re the kind of coworkers who get a beer together after work some days, and Dean’s been here for almost eight months.
“Sure, all right,” Sam is saying, while Dean just thinks of Cas when he was nowhere. Cas when he was gone. Would the dust eat him up too or would it leave behind a corpse? Would Dean have to burn him again?
Dean lets it lie. Not his place to ask for more, not when he’s the reason— when Cas keeps saying Dean’s the reason Cas is flightless. Cas says it like a compliment but Dean knows the truth.
“Yeah,” Dean says hoarsely, scrubbing a hand over his face. Get your head in the game, Winchester. “Yeah, I get that.”
Dean doesn’t know how to reply. He doesn’t know how to walk it back; how to say, all right, yes, I lied. I wasn’t makin’ it easy on you. I was makin’ it easy on me. Dean doesn’t know how to say that he wanted— because, fuck, he
, God that’s so fucking embarrassing, but Cas seems to like it, Cas presses open-mouthed kisses to the base of Dean’s neck and thumbs across the wet head of his dick. “Shit, Cas— Cas—”
And he sees Cas in him, of course, even more than Sam. Cas is there in the tilt of his head, in his smile, his voice. In the line of his shoulders. Cas is there in the way Jack eats food and reads books in the library and freezes in the middle of a movie when he thinks of something. When he thinks of his dad. When Jack sees something on the screen that makes him say, “I think Cas would like this.” Every time it happens Dean can’t bring himself to correct him, to say,
Cas sighs. “I don’t think so, Dean. But I can promise that I’ll fight with all I have to stay with you, as long as you’ll have me.”
“That’s an interesting question, Kaia.” Castiel ponders it, wants to give her a satisfactory answer. Yet he also thinks his answer today will be different from what it will be tomorrow, or what it would be underground, or in a different state, or when he is hungry compared to when he is full. Still, he tries: “I… I’m not sure. It’s hard to draw the line between… well, I suppose, between our nature and our construction.”
And Cas keeps reading, and Dean can see it as if it’s in front of him, men spraying gasoline on rotting mounds of oranges as families out from the Oklahoma dust bowl drive in and see it, see the waste.
he’d said. Fuck. “Thank you, Cas,” Dean chokes out, softly. His shoulders shake as he curls over into himself, crying, wrecked over it, over his absence. “I can’t believe we didn’t figure it out,” he says, desperately. To the close and claustrophobic space between his hands and his knees, he asks, “How did we take so long? You know I’ve— you gotta know I—”
Dean watches Dad put the gun on the side table before opening Sam’s bedroom door to look at him. Sam sleeps hunched into himself these days, curled up tight even though he’s growing faster than a weed, eating his way through Dean’s pool money faster than Dean can win it back. Dean doesn’t want to face it, but there’s something in that kid that’s made for bigger things than this, something that chafes at the motel kitchen mac and cheese and the floss stitches in moldy bathrooms, and that something will get out sooner or later. One day Sam won’t need to lock and load Dad’s Jennings in two seconds flat.
“I mean, there’s— yeah, there’s stuff I couldn’t control then that I can get right now. Like.” Dean thinks of himself putting a plate down in front of Jack, and turning away so he doesn’t look for Cas in his smile, his grip on his fork. On bad days he doesn’t look at Jack at all. “I mean, I keep him fed. But there’s other stuff.”
“You can hit me again,” Dean says, asking for it, “I just— please lemme— touch my dick, you can do anything you want—”
“Oh.” That’s all Dean can think to say. Oh. Because — he could trace it all the way back to the start, could say
He thinks about it. Thinks of Cas, dead— it’s unbelievable, the number of times he’s had to lose him, and every time it ruins him. If Cas left— and what would keep him here, why the hell would he want to stay if Dean just kept— if Dean just dangled it in front of him. What he wanted but could never have.  “I want you,” he breathes, and it doesn’t feel like a lie. He puts his hand on Cas’s shoulder and it’s not enough, it isn’t. He brings both hands up, palms on either side of Cas’s neck, fingers brushing his ears. “I’m—”
“Yeah, but I—” Dean flicks the grill off and steps closer to Cas. What’s the sensation of a trap, paranoia, the prickling fear at the edge of his mind, in comparison to this? To Cas’s eyes lit up, his smile, his hand warm on Dean’s? “I’d want family to know.”
“Good night, Dean,” Cas says, leaving the kitchen, and he sounds so— he sounds so goddamn tragic, like he just had his heart broken. Took about two minutes with Dean in the bunker to ruin his life, huh. Ain’t that the way.
Cas smiles, fraught, small. Nothing like that beatific smile when the Empty came for him. Careful and real. “I don’t know how else to say it, Dean. Yes. If you want it, then yes. It’s enough.”
Claire demands a round of hot dogs after half an hour of Space Invaders. At the stand, the cashier looks over at Claire and Kaia, wrapped up in each other on their way back to their bowling lane, close as they tend to be when Castiel isn’t with them. The cashier wears a nametag which reads FIONA. “Your daughter’s lucky you’re so supportive,” Fiona says, which rubs Castiel the wrong way for a number of reasons.
Smells like creek. Water, s’what he means, the sound of it n’ the smell of it distracting him from the manure. Dean huddles into his shirt, glad he pulled on a flannel rather than trying to go it with just a T-shirt — the wind means business out here.
“No worries.” Sam balances the plates on his freakishly huge hands, says, “I’ll save yours, ‘case you want some later, man.” And Sam throws a— a
“Shit,” he whispers, gasping, hand over his mouth like that’ll keep him quiet. Dean’s never been able to keep anything, not when it counts. His tears stain the page as he rolls his head forward, forehead pressed down onto his desk like if he curls in close enough he won’t feel alone anymore. Christ.
, because Cas subscribed to the newsletter of some indie theater out in California on Sam’s recommendation. Dean had put his arm around Cas’s shoulders on the couch, and let Cas commentate on socialist sci-fi visuals and filled in the blanks when Cas got stuck on why the hell an American spaceship would have a casino and two nukes on it, and it was perfect.
“You— you figure out what you want yet?” When Dean’s mouth twists, Sam’s head tilts in pity. “Dean. Come on, man. That’s step number one.”
“You comfortable, Cas?” Dean asks, because he can’t ask anything else. He doesn’t know how to ask for what he really wants to know.
He raps his knuckles on the table and mumbles out a, “Good night, Cas,” and doesn’t let Cas follow him out.
push him around like he’s nothing. “Look at you,” Cas says — reverently, like he’s, like— well — and his hands grip Dean’s thighs. “Look at you.”
God. Cas is next to him and all Dean can think is, I didn’t say a word when it mattered, and now— now it’s nothing. Now he’s nothing. Now he’s some guy with his stomach turning over and a long history of killed things behind him, trying to be gentle. “Been thinking about— about doin’ somethin’ for me. Somethin’ I want. Like Sam’s tattoo.”
“Goddamn,” Dean says, and he’s— yeah, he’s crying, all right, Sam can understand that. If Dean said those things to Sam— but he didn’t. Sam said them to Dean. Didn’t he know already? “All right, Sam. Fuck. You’re—”
What a barter system. “Okay,” he says, thinking of the value of labor, thinking of all the girls he met when he was a teenager trying to fix him, all the women smoking outside his motel room doors who’d give him advice on how to stay clean, who wouldn’t let him have a smoke ‘cause he was only seventeen even when he was jonesin’ for something harder after the shit he’d seen. “Okay, yeah.”
“When we watched Tombstone, I coulda kissed you then,” Dean confesses. Are you there, Cas? Are you listening? “Why didn’t I?” he asks, and then chokes on it, his own stupidity, his own idiotic fear. Voice cracking, he tries, “Why— did you— oh, Cas, fuck, you thought—”
“You don’t have to—” Cas looks sick, almost, and Dean— Dean hates himself. “If you think I’m angry, or— you don’t have to do this for me, just to, to make me happy—”
The two of them lie there for a moment, until the sweat gets too cold for Dean to tolerate being extremely goddamn naked. Dean blows out a breath. Good
But Cas says, “Fine,” mouth tilting down at the edge the way it does when he’s pissed off, and Dean watches him put another shirt on ‘cause he gets cold easy and watches him put socks on ‘cause he likes wearing socks and sandals, the dumbass. Too used to covered up feet after all those years in Jimmy’s shoes, Dean figures.
Mom shakes her head. “Yeah, yes, it’s not— Sam.” She exhales. “What’s going on with— with Castiel, and Dean?”
“We should get hobbies,” Sam says suddenly. He turns to look at Dean. Forty, with his creaky legs and his bad back. And Sam, held together more by willpower than sinew. “I’m gonna— I’m gonna pick up a hobby. Something that’s not— not just looking at newspapers for dead people.”
Cas nods. His eyes are still focused on the mirror, maybe, or the dirt at the edge of the road. “Yes. That’s true.” He hasn’t looked at Dean once.
He doesn’t feel that way about anybody else, no, and he can rectify that in his head, but this— he can’t shake it. The unrelenting sense that he’s all fucking wrong.
“Got ‘em both back,” Dean croaks out, “but my— my mom— she.” Jack killed her and I couldn’t do a damn thing to stop it, and what I did after— it broke us. It broke our family. “She’s dead again. For real, this time.”
sound, subvocal, and Dean squats down to pick up the phone and just stays there, resting on his heels next to an unconscious body ten feet away from that corner between the ice machine and the dumpster. “I don’t wanna die anymore,” Dean whispers, out into the world like he’s just asking for someone to prove him wrong, and then he bows his head and he’s— his breath hitches like he’s crying, only he isn’t, there’s nothing left in him but air.
“S’good,” Dean murmurs, finally sliding his eyes closed when Cas hits a perfect spot, Dean splayed out over the bed, knees spread over Cas’s thighs, wide open. “Oh God, it’s good, Cas—”
“You won’t.” Donnie shakes his head. “God damn, Dean, I’m— I don’t know, hell, I’m sorry you had to deal with this while I was out getting— goddamn ice.”
Dean turns around and there are two cop cars patrolling in the far distance, maybe about a quarter mile from the Impala. Shit. “Okay, yeah, let’s hustle,” he says, and Cas never makes contact.
in the Impala. Maybe Cas says the important things in the same few words, over and over. That’s okay. Sometimes Dean needs repetition for things to stick. He won’t get tired of hearing it.
“Not sure. It’s certainly incomplete, but I don’t know if it’s worth the effort to continue.” Cas looks at the page, and Dean looks too. Wide open spaces between those lines, and he likes that what he heard as three words are one on the page:
Cas shoves his free fingers into Dean’s mouth and Dean takes them, God— it’s so good, Cas’s fingers on his tongue, pressing against his cheeks, making him— filling him up, using him, making him useful— Dean chokes out a moan and Cas pushes in further, fucking him at both ends and fuck, fuck, it’s so goddamn good the way he does it. Dean tries to keep his eyes on Cas, and Cas looks at him, too, watching him like he wants to figure out what Dean wants before Dean even knows it.
“Yeah,” Sam says. “Hell yeah, man. All right. Gonna go— shit, I dunno, might chop some shirts up now. Just— just— just for the hell of it.”
He looks back to the road ahead. He doesn’t say anything aloud, but he hopes Cas can read the apology in him, the way Cas always seems to know him better than he knows himself.
It’s a dangerous moment. The longer Dean spends without Cas’s mouth on his the more he starts to think this is a fucking terrible idea. As he tosses his flannel over the back of the couch he thinks, he’s no good for anything but this, and they both know it—
“Hundreds.” Dean flexes his hand, thinking of it. “I swear to God, Cas, literally hundreds of times. I wanna wear something I can’t picture myself in. Shit, that don’t make any sense at all.”
“All right,” Dean says, because no matter what he feels about it, he ain’t dying anymore, not anytime soon. And Sam settles, and Cas leans back. Dean thinks, suddenly, of Bobby and coming across that ruined scrapyard and yelling into his voicemail
“Cas,” Dean says, mouth moving over it like it’s the first time he’s said it. He loves Cas’s name in his mouth. “He’s— he’s— he’s my best friend.”
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, and Cas does. He kisses the curve of Dean’s bicep, and mouths along up to his bare shoulder. When he gets to the crook of Dean’s neck, his stubble brushes against Dean’s throat so gentle it prickles, and Dean’s hips buck up.
“I love you,” Cas whispers, nothing like the way he said it out in that lot, nothing like the way he said it after the Michael spear. He says it like he’ll say it again someday. “I want to—” and Cas takes his hand, kisses the inside of his wrist. His forearm. Cas kisses his way down Dean’s arm until he hits the crook of his elbow, and presses his lips there, too, worshipful.
He breathes out. He’s moving too fast. His heart is going lightning speed. “What would I wear?” he asks, which is a stupid question except he can’t think of anything that would tell people
No. But he’s— he’s on his last legs here. So he says, “I mean, I don’t. Cas says stuff, ‘bout how he feels, but I just. Sometimes it feels like I’m. Fakin’ it.” And then he rolls his eyes at himself and says, “Not like, sex stuff, that’s— great— but it’s. I mean, he deserves the world, y’know, rose petals in the bedroom and big— big gestures, and anniversary dinners and I’m barely.” He realizes, now, that he’s worried every damn day that it’ll be his last one with Cas. “I’m barely holdin’ it together.”
He breathes through that one, too, feels his shoulders tense as he spills tears all over himself, snot in his nose and ugly and desperate hacking sounds out of his throat. “Turned on a Bad Company album this morning,” he croaks out, pushing himself back to look up at the sky, to let the brightness of it burn through him.
“I’ve been thinking about it for myself,” Cas says, coming over to the bed to flop onto his back, arms splayed out. “You could come with me.”
“I’ll try,” he says hoarsely, thinking about the whole length of his life stretching ahead of him, and Cas with him, at every crossroads. “I— I want to.”
“Dean,” Cas says from across the room, rifling through the dresser for a shirt. “Are you all right?”
Cas starts. Dean says in his ear, “Are you— is he there? Did he say something? I’m not fucking— no, all right, no, it doesn’t have anything to do with Cas, there
Cas drops his head and nods, resignedly. Christ. As if Dean— suddenly, he wonders. Did Cas actually, genuinely want to hear a no? Did he want Dean to say,
“Yeah, yeah.” Sam starts stacking plates, and stops when he gets to Cas’s half-eaten shepherd’s pie. “You finished with that?”
“You did good, Dean,” Sam says seriously. “With me, I mean. You just— there’s no answer on this one. You just gotta do it.” He smiles weakly, and says, “We gotta, I mean. You and me.”
Dean kisses his shoulder, wincing at the soreness as he sits up, too. “Just want us to be comfy,” he says, feeling sweet and endorphin-high. “Love you,” he whispers, and then stumbles out of bed.
“What?” At least the guy looks shamefaced about the whole situation. “Jesus, no, I’m not— what the hell did Chris do, anyway?”
“Forget it. I shouldn’t’ve—” piece of shit, he’s a piece of shit, he had it so fucking good, “that was, s’just what I thought back then, not— Cas—” and he might, if he’s capable of it then it really is Cas, it’s gotta be, “you know I love you—”
“Yeah… maybe,” Dean says. He’s got no clue if this has helped. The more he thinks about it the more stressed out he gets. What if Cas— he’s always waiting for the last straw, for Cas to see right through him, to see that he made a mistake. “Look, Mia, even if I don’t— I mean, thanks.”
“Okay,” Dean says uncertainly. He wonders. He could… he hasn’t watched any Dr. Sexy in a while. It’s a stupid TV show, and Cas doesn’t really get the appeal, and Dean doesn’t want to— doesn’t want Cas to see him like that, shoveling snacks in his face and mooning over a fake doctor in a TV show when Cas is right there, like who’d want to see that? But maybe he could try. “Uh. I’ll try it. There’s a, a show, that Cas doesn’t really— I mean, it’s more my thing, so maybe I’ll suggest we watch it.”
“Do you want some water?” she asks, since that seems like the polite thing to do. Dean nods, and steps back, and Mary looks through the box for cups, and runs the tap a few minutes to get out the gunk before filling up two mismatched mugs.
Cas kisses him, and his hands are soft on Dean’s skin, and his sweater is soft under Dean’s palms, and his mouth is soft against Dean’s, and the noises he makes are soft, soft, soft. “I love you,” Cas says quietly, as if it’s the easiest thing in the world to say, and Dean huffs out a laugh.
“I loved you as yourself long before I understood you to be a man,” Cas continues. Dean looks at him. Cas says, “Maybe you aren’t a man at all.”
“Yeah, sure.” Dean figures it’ll make a good addition to Donnie’s behind-the-bar security detail. “Hey. Watch yourselves, all right? The whole reason he got in this was ‘cause he was hassling one of Donnie’s waitresses.”
“Fair ‘nough.” Dean picks at the label of his bottle while Sam sips carefully at his drink. “Eileen comin’ around anytime soon? Could make up a nice dinner or somethin’.” Just to be a dick, he grins. “No onions, I promise.”
“I don’t want a bullet,” Dean whispers, and sits up in a sudden and desperate rush to take the gun out of his boot, stands up to put it in Cas’s drawer and he closes the drawer on it, stands there with his hand on the drawer handle, half a foot from Cas’s body. He turns to look down at Cas, his head tilted downward like Christ and Cas looking up at him like Mary Magdalene, and Dean thinks
“You know how I knew to call you? I read your group chat.” Dean watches Frat Bro pale. Dean looks down, and reads out, “
It’s like arguing with a statue. Worse, even, because at least statues don’t bitch while they’re stonewalling you. Dean blows out a breath. “Forget about it,” he says, standing up and dropping an exorbitant number of twenties on the table. “We know where it is?”
“Dean,” Cas says quietly. “I’ve found— I read this book, a few years ago. Would you like me to read you my favorite chapter?”
“If you fuck in the car I’m hotwiring up to Jody’s,” Sam says, a little less delightedly, but he leaves them alone easy enough once Cas turns off the car.
“M’easy,” Dean drawls, but then that twitch in Cas’s mouth turns downwards, and he scrambles. “I’m— for you, I mean. Cas.”
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas murmurs, and tilts him on his back, until Cas is there on his side next to him, still hard against Dean’s hip. He kisses Dean’s neck and Dean shudders, feels the rasp of it under his jawline. “That was so beautiful, your mouth on me. I want to make you feel that good.”
Cas turns it over. The price tag says $9.99. “Yes,” he decides, and Dean kisses him there, hands touching over John Steinbeck’s novel in that aisle, out of sight of God and everybody else.
“Whatever. I’m happy for you assholes, anyway.” She punches him in the shoulder — hard, Jesus, someone oughtta put a leash on that kid — and heads down the table to put way too much fucking mustard on her burger.
The earth doesn’t crumble under his feet. The stars stay in the sky, and nothing ends at all. And Dean Winchester is happy.
He looks at her, and he’s— it wasn’t a good thing, that John said that to him. It wasn’t good that he looked like her. Mary gave birth to two boys and it was the worst thing she ever did for them.
Dean doesn’t say a word. Just watches him. Keeps his eyes on him as Cas toes off his shoes to step onto the blanket, feet next to Dean’s hips, and then sits down, cross-legged. Cas keeps looking at Dean, like he’s just as interesting as the sky above.
“You want to send a bunch of girls in their twenties to hunt shifters,” Dean says. “Are you fucking serious?”
), and Juniper tried to teach him how TikTok works (Dean had concluded that there were too many directions to swipe in—up, down, left, right, how’s he supposed to keep track?), and Paola recounted the latest installment in the serial Greek tragedy taking place in her senior year philosophy class (Dean missed a significant chunk of this story, and therefore the emotional weight of its climax, mostly because he forgot that Ana-the-sibling-of-Max was different from Anna-the-unattainable-crush, who was however
But hell, what’s— what’s the difference, anyhow? What’s the difference between Dean slinging an arm over Cas’s shoulder and Dean kissing his cheek? Not like he can’t defend himself, if anyone wanted to pick a fight over it. Shit, not like Cas couldn’t defend himself.
i've added another chapter (i know, shocking) but i PROMISE chapter 7 will be the last chapter. also, in case anyone's interested, i'm now on 9x08 in my supernatural marathon of doom, and a) watching twelve seasons of a TV show is a Lot, and b) bad boys (9x07) was such a great episode. that is all, see you hopefully less than a month from now for the final (actually final!) update to this ridiculous sprawling mess!!!
He’s got no clue how to process any of that, so he says, “I don’t have my ears pierced.” And here he was, thinkin’ he was gonna get ’em pierced sometime if he could only work up to it. Cas, how do you always know?
,” Cas sighs, just as he slides his pinky in, and Dean closes his eyes, rides the wave of sensation that rolls over him.
After Hell, though. Alastair called him a girl like it was an insult, pried Dean open to uncover what he really was. Something just a little wrong, just a little off. His hands shake when he looks in the mirror, the picture there more disturbing, even, than it was before, and he’s never liked seeing his reflection.
Dean’s putting a loaf in the oven when Sam comes bouncing in like he’s on two lines of coke. “Dean,” Sam says, hyper like he hasn’t been since— Christ, since Dean doesn’t know when. “Hey. Dean.”
“Dean.” Dean looks up at Cas again, and Cas grins at him. God. He fucked up. He fucked up. “You can’t— you can’t imagine how happy that makes me feel.”
“Shit,” Dean whispers. It’s true. It’s fucking true. How’d he been braver in the Empty than here, on Earth? “Yeah. Cas, I wasn’t lyin’.”
I'm not sure that I managed to hit every note I had running through the work when I first developed it, but I hope this still wraps up character arcs in a satisfying way. Please feel free to ask anything over on the spn sideblog
Mary smiles. She likes that. She likes the idea of her baby finding his way in the world, knowing who he is and what he wants. “And you, Dean?” she asks. “What were you like?”
“Me too,” Dean whispers. “He’s been doin’ it for… since all that time. Twelve years he’s been savin’ me.”
Dean microwaves half a box of crappy frozen hot pockets when they stumble in. They got back about three AM, and Dean’s frankly not looking forward to a second sunrise after— after. Seems like it should stay night at least a little longer, just to give them more time.
you?” Sam waits outside the door as Cas goes into his bedroom, watches through the open doorway as Cas puts his trench coat on, his shoes. “Cas, what’re you—”
“I can feel it,” Cas says, breaking the silence, finally. He frowns. “The storm. I think… whether it’s my latent grace or simply my resurrection, I can feel it.”
“Well,” Cas says, a small smile at the corner of his mouth, and Dean looks at it and looks at him and he cannot for the life of him stop thinking: Cas is alive. “All right.”
“I know, Dean,” Cas says. “I remember I thought you were so… so hopeful. You said all those things, not knowing if I could even hear you. If I was even there. And it… brought me back.”
“Yeah. No problem.” Dean manages another bite of his hot dog, near the end of lunch, and then he slides back under the car. Nine months. Maybe he’ll try it again. Maybe he’ll talk about Cas with someone who knew him. He’s been careful to avoid saying his name, but now— now it might be time. His heart clenches just thinking about it, but he’s. He’s trying to be something here. He’s trying to figure out who he is when he’s not 90% bullcrap, and it’s maybe the most important, the most urgent thing he’s ever tried to learn in his life.
Cas sighs. He slides onto the bench. Dean still can’t really look at him, as if he’ll get too used to it too quick. Ease into it, kid. “Did something happen?”
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean says eventually, quietly, trying not to break the tone. The waste. The waste. He remembers — not often — but he remembers sometimes dumpster diving to see if he could get anything to eat, since the stale but packaged food from the back of the convenience store that hadn’t seen a full inventory turnover in a decade was for Sam.
“No,” Dean breathes, pulling out of Cas’s hold, “no, no, no, you didn’t— I just— I hadn’t— I hadn’t figured it out, man. I hadn’t.” Dean blinks. Trying to put it into words, he starts, “It’s like. It’s like I don’t— I don’t know how to, to want somethin’ like… like this.” He gestures between them and Cas nods. “Never, uh. Never wanted— or, I dunno, I guess I just had this idea that. ‘Cause ‘most everybody’s still alive and, and we got the big bad, that it’d be. It’d be perfect. An’ it…”
“Whatever.” Dean looks up at Mom through the window, waiting for their order. Sam watches him huddle into himself, as if he’s cold. It’s a 65-degree summer night.
“Sh— shit,” Dean breathes, looking at Cas — still clothed, still wearing his goddamn jeans, half of his hand inside Dean already. Yeah. Yeah Dean wants another finger, wants Cas all over him and inside of him. “Both, please, babe—”
Maybe that’s one of the pieces Sam was missing, that he didn’t realize was gone. Someone to look at him and say, it wasn’t right. You shouldn’t have been in that cage. You didn’t deserve to have Lucifer in you, and I see you, now that you’re free of him. And I’m glad for what I see.
He exhales into Cas’s skin, and then lifts his head up. “S’good, sweetheart,” he says, and feels Cas shudder from his breath against his ear. “You gonna add more?”
“Yes.” Cas stands up suddenly to pull Dean’s boxers off, too, and then pushing Dean bodily up the bed so Cas can kneel between his thighs. Fuck. He’s so— so
why,” Dean murmurs, looking at his hands, hands that look more like Dad’s than anyone else’s. Winchester palms made for loading and shooting. “Why I’m so angry all the time, why I’m— Sam, s’just. There’s just so many— it just feels all wrong.” He looks at the TV’s blank screen in front of him, thinking about the last time he was in here with Cas. They’d watched this Eastern bloc black and white flick called
Of course, neither is true. It was Cas’s choice to live in the bunker. And Dean has done better things. Dean raised Sam, after all, and Sam is a better man than either Dean or Cas will be.
“That was— too much,” Cas says, stilted, and he stands up. “But to your question. I don’t really pray.”
“Like Dad?” Dean asks, and then he laughs. She hates the way he laughs. She hates everything about what’s happened to him, but she loves him. When she can see her baby in him, she loves him so much. “S’funny,” he says, chuckling quietly, “Dad always— always said I looked like you.”
Cas takes him north about fifteen minutes, a straight line once they hit 281, just up past the Nebraska border. If Dean knows his roads, the turnoff Cas pulls him down gets them to Cedar Creek, north of where it goes back into the ground to avoid running into Kansas. A tree here or there — but still more plains than not.
Fiona is evidently more progressive than Castiel thought, or perhaps simply more committed to the idea of Castiel being Claire’s father than one might expect, or perhaps Fiona simply heard the subtle emphasis in Castiel’s voice. In any case, Fiona tries, “Oh. Your… son?”
Dean exhales shakily. “Always,” he says, and Cas looks up, meets his gaze. Dean nods, slightly. He’s not fucking joking.
“I didn’t know you were married,” Amy says softly, and Dean looks away ‘cause. Fuck. Fuck. “What was his name?”
Dean releases his breath. He swallows. He feels his throat move against the pad of Cas’s thumb. He sees the way Cas’s mouth opens, slightly. “As long as you want,” Dean murmurs.
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel murmurs, and he risks a hand up against the one Dean has on his face. Dean’s fingers flex, and Castiel just holds him there, close, doesn’t pull him away. “It’s me.”
Then Cas touches Dean, palms hot over his hips, which is a goddamn fantastic idea — so Dean puts his own hands on Cas’s face, thumbs brushing the skin over his cheekbones and fingers trailing back to cushion his head against the fridge. “Cas, sweetheart,” Dean murmurs into Cas’s mouth, feeling him, touching him, their knees brushing as Dean aims closer and closer, tighter— “I love you.”
“So,” he says, and he knows it ain’t gonna be good what comes out of him, but he still says, cringing as he does it: “You’re not mad at me?”
His chest aches, looking at him. Cas looks so at home. Dean did that to him. Pulled him down out of heaven, and some days he hates himself for it and other days he thinks, this is the only thing I’ve ever done worth a damn.
OK, actual last thing: I’m not your kid, and you should never have had to be a parent the way you were to me. I’ll never be anything but grateful to you for what my childhood was. Yeah, there’s other stuff you’ve done to me that I’ll never get over, but I’m not talking about that in this context. We can scream at each other about Gadreel and the Mark and all that crap as brothers tomorrow, next week, whenever, but right now, as the kid you took to set off fireworks in that park for the Fourth of July, I’m saying: Thanks, Dean. You did good.
Dean nods. He huffs out a laugh. “S’nice, you can think that way,” he says. “That you can be in the life without— without it bein’ everything.”
, he should say, but he can’t. He can’t say it, because saying it means that he has to look at what happened before he came back— at the thing Cas had to come back from. He has to look at it head on. And he can’t do that.
“What?” Cas steps in front of him, catches his gaze. “Dean, no, of course not, I—” He tilts his head, and crap, yeah, Dean knew he’d figure it out, but Cas asks, “Is that why you’ve been—?”
“I’ve been looking into it,” Dean says. “Would be nice to ask Cas about it, but, shit. He ain’t exactly around much.”
“You’re just taking it,” Cas says, matter of factly but it’s the dirtiest thing Dean’s ever heard Cas say in his goddamn life. “I push—” and he does push, “—and you just take it—” and Dean does, lets Cas fuck into him. Like he was fucking made for it.
Christ. “Yeah,” Dean breathes, and lets Cas press his shoulders back, step into him like he’s a great unstoppable force and Dean is more than movable. He’s flexible. He’s
Dean considers. He does think Cas’s body is an ocean — and maybe every body is an ocean, a deep vastness that has more life in it than it ought. He knows what Cas means by confidence scheme. He doesn’t know what a proun is, but he thinks it’s kinda funny that his holy tax accountant has called himself an enterprise.
“I suppose that’s true.” Cas smiles at his plate, carefully avoiding Dean’s eyes. Crap. “Still. I don’t— I don’t expect things to change. I don’t expect you to— to tell everyone we meet.”
“Shit,” Dean whispers. He keeps his gaze forwards, tries not to— not to cry, just ‘cause. Just ‘cause Cas isn’t here. Just ‘cause he’s alone, raising Cas’s kid, raising— and for the second time, too. He did it again. The goddamn son of a bitch did it again to him, left Dean— left Dean— “He looks just like him,” Dean says, hoarsely, and Sam nods. “You know. I’m— Sam, fuck, I’m tryin’ so fuckin’ hard not to be Dad. You gotta believe me.”
“I don’t know if this will do you any good, because you live in your body,” Cas says softly, releasing him, “but I fell in love with you long before I noticed your skin, your muscles. The shape of your body.”
He bites down on his fist, breath hitching, as he thinks on it. All together there’ve been five months of his life where he’s been certain Cas was never coming back. He remembers them well, thinks he’s always been living in them, because the only thing there for him was absence. Nothing. A great and terrible fear.
“I meant what I said,” Dean says to his steering wheel. And then he looks over at Cas. Blue eyes, he’d call him, if he got to be sweet on him like that. If he could, he’d sing some cheesy song for Cas at an open mic night and kiss his eyelids in the mornings, but that isn’t for Dean Winchester. He doesn’t know how to get from here to there. Dean studies the crook of his mouth and the cleft of his chin and says, “You deserve better than pretend.”
Cas drops off pretty soon after that — this is probably the most strenuous thing he’s done since turning human, Dean’ll bet — so Dean’s the one to roll out of bed twenty minutes later to get something to clean them up with. He wipes down his own stomach brusquely with an old pair of boxers, and then gently wipes Cas’s hands clean, the insides of his thighs, too.
“Really,” Dean murmurs. It should be a question, but it comes out like a sigh, like punctuation. Like a dream. He closes his eyes, and puts his head back against the cushion. “You really think that would be okay.”
“I should.” Sam frowns. “There’s— there’s nothing stopping me. There aren’t any rules. Who the hell’s gonna— man, I
so i'm almost done season 6 in my ridiculous supernatural marathon of doom. i forgot how much i love lisa & ben!!! i've come to realize that s6 was not as terrible as i remembered it to be! this whole experience is really surreal! anyway, totally unrelated to s6, please take this chapter as a representation of my gratitude for your comments & kudos, friends. we're entering not-yet-written territory, but hopefully i can get it all wrapped up in one more chapter (maybe two).
Then, Dean asks, because he was Sam’s brother before he was his own angry man: “What would you do? For a hobby.”
“I want it,” Dean admits, feeling curled inside out and rotten and scraped clean all at the same time. He’s never wanted anything like this before in his life. He’s terrified. He looks at Cas, and Cas looks at him, and Dean leans in, and Cas—
Cas gets back about three in the morning on a Tuesday. Gone for four days, and then back, like it was nothing. In the middle of the night.
Out back of Donnie’s there’s a dumpster and an ice machine and a small, private space between them, a corner perfect for a smoke set into the back of the bar. Dean doesn’t go there. Dean helps Donnie clean up, but he won’t take the trash out. When they’re short on hands and Donnie needs someone to go out back so’s he can fill up the ice trough, Dean lets him go out and does him a favor by staying at the bar to get folks their drinks.
Aw, crap. “No, no, I’m—” He swallows, thinking of Sam’s letter. “I’m sorry,” he says, and it doesn’t even sting much. “And anyway, it’s not— this isn’t your project. You two go out, have fun. I’ll try to find some stuff on dwende. Dwendes?”
Cas holds him, quietly. Dean inhales, and exhales, breathing in Cas’s smell, feeling his heartbeat. He’s alive. He’s alive.
Dean thinks about Dad. Thinks about the way he’d drive, always running from something, the way he’d put Dean in the passenger seat, look at him sidelong while Dean fucked around with his knife, his unloaded gun. The way he’d put on Bob Seger to cover Dean’s muteness. “I know what I looked like as a kid,” Dean says quietly. Sam flinches. He doesn’t remember it like Dean does. Dean knows full well what people saw when they looked at him, when they looked at his mouth and his eyes and the shape of his nose. They saw the same thing when he grew into his cheekbones, too. “I’m amazed he could stand to be in the same room as me,” Dean adds, half-laughing.
because no one will believe her otherwise, and— and— ”I’m not a boy,” she whispers, and then she’s barreling forward into Bobby’s chest, hitching breaths as she cries. “This is so embarrassing,” she grits out, but she can’t fucking stop.
“Look,” Dean interrupts, “I was on my way out, all right? Just— I made a bad call. I was just tryin’ to make it easy on— on you, Sam. And I didn’t make the right call on that. It wasn’t— wasn’t anything else.”
“Gotta tell you something,” Dean says, once the credits roll on Superman/Batman: Apocalypse. Cas hits the pause button and turns, obligingly, and Dean looks at the screen because half the time he looks at Cas all he can see is the absence of him.
Dean pats his hand against his side, right over where Castiel knows his gun is hidden in an inside pocket. No gun could stop a nephilim, but Castiel still bristles. “Hunting just means looking,” Dean says, obsequiously. “You never hunted for your keys? Or your phone?” Castiel thinks: You are so beautiful, and so obnoxious.
Mia says, “We’ve got about ten minutes left, Dean. I don’t want to rush you, but I wanted to let you know now. I think it might be helpful for you to figure out what you want with Cas. It doesn’t have to be anything big. You could make a decision about where you want to go for a date, or what movie you’d like to watch.”
“I mean it.” Dean watches Claire kick up a little gravel. Oh, she’s just the same as him, isn’t she. “I feel like, with hunters, y’know, you never— never see anybody make it past thirty.”
Now, though. Christ. He’d cut out this part of himself if he could, but Dean’s sure he’d summon Azazel to Jack’s room himself if it’d bring Cas back.
“My body, I mean, d’you— was it.” Was it right? It can’t be right, or maybe it’s Dean’s soul that’s wrong, ill-fitted to his body. He was never more in tune with himself than when Alastair was curled up behind him inside his hands and his ribcage hissing
Cas’s mouth twists as he pushes himself up to sitting. “This is why I didn’t say it,” Cas grouches, hunched over like his neck is too tired to hold up his head.
Cas stands up, and makes as if to walk into the river, and Dean says, “Wait. Wait, can you— Jesus, Cas,” and Cas turns around to look back at him. Dean says, “Take— take your shoes off. If you’re going in. You’ll need ‘em dry when you come out.”
Of course I’d say yes if he said he still wanted me but the important part is that I just want him here. Which is stupid because that’s the opposite of all those things I said about Cas figuring out what he wants. Maybe I could go with him. If there’s a way for Cas to figure out what he really wants from this life, and for him to get it, and for me to be there while he does it, then that’s what I want.
“Real nice,” Dean mutters. He got in five fucking minutes ago. Drove two hours on a hangover to come home to Sam, telling him Cas has found another reason to disappear. Can’t catch a break. “Always a good idea to go alone to angel meets.” What is it about Dean that makes him so unfit for backup, huh? What’s he gotta do to make himself needed around here?
Dean finally, finally looks away from them both, out through the windshield in front of him. He can’t see Cas anymore but it’s worth it, just to escape Sam’s rage. “I thought,” Dean starts, and then swallows. The Impala has seen it all, every last part of him, but he still— he still feels exposed, somehow. “I just. I thought I was done.”
, Dean,” he says fervently, and then leans down to kiss him. Dean kisses him back, open for him, open for anything, and Cas moans into his mouth as he comes all over Dean’s stomach, as Dean splays his hand up across his back to hold him there, close and tight and touching.
“I’m not holding you to account for how your ten year old self raised me,” Sam scoffs. “Are you fucking joking?”
“It’s not too much to ask,” Sam says, real quiet. Or maybe it’s the wind that’s loud, howling over him. The sweat drips down Dean’s neck. “Dean, do you—”
Amy’s been careful to never confirm the gender of her partner and Dean’s never asked. Nat seems like a feminine kinda name, but nearly every stranger Dean’s ever drunkenly mumbled to about “Cas” thought it was short for Cassandra, so he’s not making any assumptions.
Mary doesn’t really have a set schedule. Yesterday she was up and at ‘em before six, and the day before that she came yawning out of her room at eleven. Sam’s tried having coffee ready for her a few times, but it just isn’t worth the effort. Dean, of course, sets an extra plate out every time. At least, he does when he’s around.
“Hey,” he says to the air, ‘cause he got over what it looks like, talking to himself, during the first round of horror just out of the Cage. When he was a kid he used to go out and say stuff in his head to his mom, telling her about what he wanted to study in college. These days, he mostly talks to Jess. “Saw something weird, couple weeks ago.”
Oh, fuck. Mia stays silent. Dean inhales, and exhales, and he can hear it in his breath, the tears that’re coming. Dean knocks his head back against the wall and says, “He said he loved me. And that. That’s what.” Dean presses a hand over his mouth like that’ll keep the sob inside of him. And then he releases it once he has a handle on himself, an’ he breathes, “That’s what killed him.”
Anyway, Dean decides to write in a journal. He figures people recommend it for a reason, and he likes writing, likes putting words together. Not that he’s any good at it, but he mainlined enough fiction through his twenties to feel like he has a grasp on the basics, at least. And anyway no one else is gonna see this — and if they do, then Dean’s got a nice backup plan of heading straight into a vamp nest to let the Empty take him forever, that’s for damn sure.
“Dean—” Cas turns right over onto his side, facing Dean. He puts his hand on Dean’s belly and Dean lets him, ‘cause at least he doesn’t have to see it under the blankets. He can just feel it. “That isn’t what I meant. This wasn’t—” He kisses Dean’s cheek, and Dean lets him, and he kisses Dean’s jaw. “Even if we disagree on this, I still love you, and I still enjoyed that,” he whispers.
“These aren’t even questions,” Sam says, “you just wrote ‘good stuff’ at the top of the page and ‘bad stuff’ halfway down.”
Dean breathes into that silence. He dips his eyes to Cas’s hand when Cas looks up, unprepared to meet his eyes. “That’s,” he tries, and then clears his throat. Louder, he says, “That’s quite a speech, Cas.”
“Yes,” Dean whispers, and he looks at Cas’s mouth, smiling, and he’s suddenly the man Dean has known for almost ten years. Cas is safe. Cas will always find his way back to Dean. “Shit. Oh, Jesus. Yeah, Cas.”
“Dean—” She doesn’t know what to do. When he was a baby, she’d rock him in her arms. She was strong, still, even if she’d been out of hunting for at least two years by then. It was easy to hold him as long as he wanted.
Dean grips the steering wheel with his sweaty palms, eyes on Cas’s knees because that seems safer than the rest of him. This is completely out of fucking control. His skin prickles with Cas’s nearness. “I. I’m tryin’ to say— I’m tryin’ to say you should cut your losses here, man.”
“I mean, yes, like that,” Cas laughs, “but I also meant that trouble seems to follow you and your brother. I’ve spent shockingly little time outside of the continental United States in the past decade.”
“Shut up. Shut up for one second, asshole,” Dean says, holding him, leaning in until his forehead meets Cas’s chest. Cas’s arm comes up around his shoulder, and Dean would like to think that he’s beyond dumbass romance novel dialogue, but he says: “Don’t let me get in my own way again.” And then, trembling, he adds, “Please,” no shame left in him — he’ll beg on his knees if he has to.
Dean leans over him, looks down at Cas. He’s so gorgeous. Dean could look at him for days, could study his jawline, his cheekbones, forever. Dean imagines a stud sparkling in Cas’s earlobe, or maybe something dangling, something generous and beautiful. “You’d be hot with earrings,” Dean says, ‘cause it’s true.
Dean puts one of the survivor patties into a bun on her plate, but she doesn’t leave him to add fixings. She just says, “Hey. It’s hard to— y’know, let yourself have what you want. I get it. But you
“Huh.” Makes sense. You see shit everyone else thinks is nuts, you might start to go a little cuckoo yourself. “Glad you’re holdin’ up, then.”
“Yeah, weird even for us,” Sam chuckles, looking at his hands. His knees. He clears his throat, and says, “I, uh. I saw. I saw you.”
“As long as we both shall live,” Cas says quietly, and Dean whips his head back to look at his face.
“How—” Dean shivers, looks down at his knees for the aching of it. He can’t even look at Jack. He can’t even fucking look at him. “How do I—”
“Hey,” Dean says, knocking Sam’s shoulder. Sam jerks, as he always does, and pulls out an earbud. “Whatcha watchin’?”
Dean exhales into his shirt, and then opens his eyes. No sand. Only the aggressive brightness of the sky. Sam looks mostly fine, too, but for he’s hunched over and shivering even despite the heat. All right. Dean looks over at Cas.
“Shit,” Dean gasps. Nothing will bring Cas back. Cas is more dead than dead— atomized, probably, no spirit left to wake in the Empty.
But he doesn’t stop. Cas just keeps doing it, thumbs the scrape of hair along the sides of his head, runs his fingernails gentle across Dean’s scalp. Shit. Shit, fuck, it’s. “Feels nice,” Dean whispers, hands clenching under the pillow, out of sight, unused to being at ease.
“Jack,” he breathes. There, in the distance: a young man. Young, to Castiel’s eye, although he looks, of course, older than he should.
Not gonna ask you to stay. Oh Christ. He can’t make himself say that. “M’not gonna—” Dean chugs the last of his beer. He stands up, too, pushes away from the table to toss his empty in the recycling. He forces out a laugh. “Not gonna get clingy, Jesus, you don’t have to, y’know.”
There he is. At least Dean knows, for tonight, that Cas isn’t going anywhere — not tuckered out like this, hair all over the place, snoring with his mouth wide open like a goddamn grandpa. Dean looks at his nose — sharp, strong. His cheekbone. Dean kissed that cheek — and the other one, too. His jaw, his chin, his forehead, his eyelids and his mouth — Dean kissed all those, tasted Cas like he had the right. He bites his lower lip, feels the memory of Cas’s skin under his teeth, against his tongue, the way Cas had breathed out
. He doesn’t even realize he’s shaking ‘til Cas’s hands land on his shoulders. Dean cracks open his eyes and sees Cas’s face, first, which makes the rest of it almost bearable.
Eventually, Sam tries, “But, okay. Let me just— so, he comes back. And you… knew that he was in love with you. So you told him you were also in love with him, even though you… weren’t… so he wouldn’t… leave.”
Dean chokes out, “Y—Yeah,” just so Mia can hear it ‘cause she can’t see the way he’s nodding, cracked open over it, hand over his face hiding him from the world.
. He— he obviously is, a little bit, he spent all that time on the gay panic internet, and— it’s some stupid instinct in him that said it and now it’s out there. Yeah, Sam’s got good reason for the look on his face.
Dean drops his head, heavy and just— just finished. Done. “Yeah, hah,” he huffs out. As if the not-knowing was the easiest part of being a kid.
he? “You know how long I been—” and Dean’s throat clicks, and his gaze stutters down from Cas’s eyes to his chin, his collarbones, ‘cause he can’t look at him while he speaks. “How long I been building myself up. You know how long I been Dean fuckin’ Winchester?”
“I know I’m lucky,” Dean says, ‘cause Mia sees people bowled over with grief like this every day. He doesn’t even have any real problems. “An’ I’m tryin’ to be grateful, what with— and with what he said, y’know, we’re. We’re.” He hasn’t even said it in so many words to anybody, just let them all figure it out from the way they act now around each other. “We’re together now.”
“Ha.” Dean powers back another gulp of his beer. “You been a pain in my ass since the day we met, sunshine.”
“No, no. I only—” Cas turns to look at him. “Are you uncomfortable with other people knowing about us? We could— we don’t have to tell Jody and the girls.”
with me, so he’s fucked in the head in the first place, sure, but not even Cas would stick around and live with the object of his— his goddamn
, Dean remembers saying, quiet as he could, and Sam had twitched, one of those awful little twitches that Dean remembers from when Lucifer was riding shotgun.
“Nothin’,” Dean croaks out as his eyes flutter shut. He doesn’t move a muscle, in case Cas gets it in his head to stop petting his hair.
The back of Dean’s neck prickles. It’s impossible to figure out what’ll set him off like this and what’s safe enough. Two nights ago Cas had brought him a jar of honey from the Lebanon farmer’s market (that he
Dean doesn’t remember much of the lead-up. Honestly, he doesn’t remember most of the months between Cas going to the Empty and Cas coming back. From what Sam says, that’s probably for the best.
Mary folds up the map. She sits in the front with Sam, once they get to the car. Cas and Dean sit in the back, and no one says a word about them holding hands all the way to the first gas station stop.
But Donnie looks at him. Dean pulls out his gun, and blows a hole through the center of the phone. Then he drives home, and cleans his gun, and loads it, and clicks the safety on, and puts it under his pillow the way he does every single night, because he sleeps alone.
cold,” Dean realizes, looking down as he wraps Cas’s hand in both of his. It’s so— he’s so delicate, Dean just wants— and he can’t stop it, he can’t, his thumb brushes across a tendon and Cas shivers.
It’s just their mouths, and Cas’s finger just barely brushing against Dean’s thumb. It’s just the taste of Cas and something bright in Dean’s chest and the sensation of it, his tongue against Dean’s teeth. And then Cas pulls back and he whispers, regretfully, “I can’t—”
. Dean’s pretty sure he hasn’t said the word gender in maybe two decades. “It might not, of course. Do you want to hear it?”
“I don’t have a character,” Sam says fiercely. “I’m just— I’m just me. I’m me. And this is my body now. I marked it up.”
Trying to piece together different parts of rituals from different books is leading him nowhere useful. Sam tries to focus, but even he can’t make something out of nothing.
He makes sure Sam runs his drills, can take Dad’s M15 apart and put it back together in under two minutes, knows not to carry the Jennings around when it’s loaded. He sets up empty beer cans in overgrown industrial fields four miles from the highway and watches Sam shoot them down. He tells Sam half-made up rumors about other hunter’s kids who died ‘cause they couldn’t reload fast enough, tells Sam about how Dad might let them stay in one place for longer if he thinks they’re safe, tells Sam he can earn stability if he just holds his pistol right.
Sam eyes Cas, eating his breakfast with maybe a little too much cool. He asks, mostly to distract himself from the strange and jittery feeling in his bones, “Have anything to do with Cas?”
“No,” she says, once she catches her breath. “I didn’t mean— I meant.” She wonders if this will hurt him worse. “I meant you looked like my Dean.” She tries to smile at him, hoping he’ll look at her that way again, whatever inexpressible, intangible way he looked at her when he took the mug out of her hands — because if he looks at her like that, then maybe the gaping hole in her chest will be filled. “You looked like my baby, just for a second. I saw you.”
often enough that the cashier at the refreshments stand begins to smile at him in commiseration. Claire says it sarcastically, of course, but always with a tinge of genuine feeling. Castiel takes it in like a sunflower soaking up the sun.
Cas puts the handgun down. It’s one of Dad’s old Rugers, a P90 maybe, hefty and solid in Cas’s hand. Dean tries not to think about what Cas would look like, firing quick and brutal at Dean’s target without that trench coat covering his shoulders, but he thinks about it anyway. Cas would be beautiful and terrifying with a gun in his hand. Monsters would flock to him, for the challenge or just for his attention. Cas would wake the monster in Dean’s belly, the one that roils with fear when Cas comes too close, when Cas drives his baby, when Cas puts his fingers on Dean’s forehead to heal him.
search results on the engine Sam built from scratch, and he looks at his hands that haven’t killed anything today. His hands that have instead answered phone calls and poured water and chopped celery so Sam can get his vitamins and made a slow cooker roast so Jack can eat when he gets home. His hands that have clicked on every lead and will click every new one tomorrow and the next day until Cas is home.
to you.” He takes his thumb out of Dean’s mouth and leans down, kisses him hard— Dean groans into his mouth, takes it, lets Cas bite at him and press his tongue in, good God—  ”Can I unzip your pants,” Cas whispers.
“Question for you,” Dean starts, because he’s been thinking about it ever since that disastrous whatever the fuck that was with Sam. Cas turns to look at him, and Dean asks, “What do you think about praying?”
“Or to make sure he doesn’t stop Heaven’s clock once he gets the hang of his powers,” Dean mutters, but he sighs, too, yielding. “Fine. Fine. It’s a peace mission.”
“Dean,” Cas murmurs, soft and steady, as his hips start rolling down into Dean’s. Oh, fuck. Dean chokes out a half-moan, bites his lip to keep it in ‘cause it’s embarrassing, how good it feels. Or like it oughtta just be between the two of them, and quietly.
A nice secretary on the other end of the line takes his name, and he says, “I, uh, if it’s all right, I’d prefer to— I mean, I’m a friend of Mia’s.” That sounds presumptuous, but it’s hard to say
“Your world is bigger than Alastair,” Sam says, and it’s cruel, it cuts, he shouldn’t have said it. Dean flinches. Sam keeps his eyes on the water. “I couldn’t understand that for the longest time. Every minute since I came out of the pit I could feel him in me. He was so happy to be there. I was— I was perfect for him. It— it— it was like, like I was rotting. And he was the maggots, eating me.”
. Cas’s hands are hot on the bare skin above his hipbones, his palms an unbelievable drag of sensation across Dean’s skin. “Cas, I’m— God, you don’t even know—”
It becomes almost meditative, in a way. Dean just looks at Cas — alive and strong, with his biceps cut by the sleeve of his shirt as he reaches up to check on the taller branches. That weighed down stem arcs towards Dean’s shoulder, two oranges heavy on it.
, “then…” Cas turns Dean’s hand over and puts his thumb right in the center of Dean’s palm, holds his hand like that, like he’s keeping it safe. “Want me.”
Cas doesn’t touch him, and he doesn’t touch Cas. He doesn’t even look at him. But Dean’s warm, and almost happy, and well-fed, and grateful. On a scale of days bad to good, this one scores high.
“No,” Dean says. That has nothing to do with hiding out from Cas in this room — or maybe it does, but he has under an hour, and he needs solutions, fast, ‘cause this can’t go on. “No, I. I wanted to talk about the friend.”
Dean is manning the bar while Donnie is out back getting ice from the ice machine next to the corner that’s perfect for a smoke, and some asshole with a business bro haircut and a suit that’s too expensive for Donnie’s tries to hassle Lindsay. “C’mere,” the guy’s saying, drunk, and Lindsay walks over to within two feet of him and he starts getting grabby. “Hey. You’re pretty.”
Cas pulls the door open, and sits down in the passenger seat, and closes the door behind him. Dean keeps looking forward. “I’m ready to go home now,” Cas says, dully, and Dean drives them to the bunker.
Donnie looks over at Dean. Dean snorts. “What? Like hell I’m calling the cops. Just keep your boy in line, man.”
“Is it good?” Cas asks it with his mouth against the hinge of Dean’s jaw and Dean shivers under him from the feeling of it, feels his pulse fluttering under Cas’s tongue.
“Okay,” Dean says, still kind of stuck on the fact that Cas is shirtless in front of him, looking at how fucking
“Lookin’ for a new God, huh,” Dean grumbles, because the whole thing gets on his nerves. Cas, up in Heaven for four days —
“Wait a sec,” Dean says, because he can’t— because Cas is here, alive, after all those chances, and Dean’s. Dean’s just a man. It’s nuts. Dean’s just some fucking guy, and Cas — eons, eons and eons of existence he has under his belt — Cas is in love with him and Dean just keeps.
“C’mere,” he says, settling into his decision. It’s right. And Cas wouldn’t — he sees it, on Cas’s face, the worry — Cas wouldn’t want it if Dean didn’t want it, so that just means Dean has to do a good job convincing him. It could be good for them both. And hell, like he figured earlier, what’s even— what’s even the fucking difference, anyway. Not like Dean’s precious about his body. And Cas is hot, yeah, Dean has eyes.
Cas stands up. He won’t look at Dean. He says to the sink, “It’s your room. And I don’t want to sleep there anymore anyway.”
“She— she looked at me and— and she was happy.” Sam swallows, and adds, “She trusted me. Can you believe that? She— there couldn’t have been a devil in that world.”
She sits there, sipping her water, waiting for him to look at her again. Finally, eventually, after maybe a minute, maybe two minutes of silence, he looks down at one of the boxes next to the couch and asks, “You want me to set up your TV for you?”
The shock of it rings across his face, and Dean blinks back up at Cas, tears in his eyes mostly from the surprise of it than any pain, and Cas’s fingers crook inside him and Dean’s thighs jerk. “Christ, fuck,
“She’s the one I called a few weeks ago,” Dean admits. “It ain’t for me.” It probably could be, if he gave it another shot, but he can’t fucking think about therapy right now or he’ll blow. A shrink to tell him all the ways he’s fucked up, yeah, he already knows. He knows.
He thinks, I’m saying it now. He thinks, you can have it now. He thinks, you went ‘cause it was the happiest you ever were. ‘Cause you were so goddamn happy just fucking saying you loved me, you stupid, stupid piece of shit. ‘Cause you knew you couldn’t have it, and you accepted that. I’m telling you, come on back, because I’ll give you what you want. You’ll get happier every goddamn day. You’ll be so happy the Empty won’t know when to come, ‘cause you’ll  be sadder each day than you will be the next, and the Empty will know it.
The last two worlds were weird, and Sam ditched them as quickly as he could — there was one where they were all coffee shop employees and for some reason Zachariah was their grumpy yet semi-likeable boss, and another one where Sam went darkside with Azazel ten years ago and led the demon army to rise against the human world. Sam’s not sure which one was worse.
“Shit,” Dean murmurs, kissing him again, just for the feel of it, just to feel Cas’s mouth open for him, generous, the drag of his lips against Dean’s more electric than all the most obscene things Dean’s ever done in his whole life put together. He inhales shakily, huffs out, “Jesus, Cas,” and then leans in to kiss him again.
. Suddenly, he’s so angry it hurts. Why the hell is Cas always on his way out, huh? Doesn’t he get it? Doesn’t Dean do enough, huh, what the hell does he have to do to make Cas want to stay?
Dean laughs. “What the hell?” He crosses his arms, looks for all the world like John Winchester waiting for a report back after he’d been gone for a week, and Sam swallows. “You want more time off?”
“Dad wouldn’t be too happy with us, huh,” Dean says over his beer. He steels himself, and looks at Sam, with his earrings and his enormous
The blanket twists in his grip. “M’good over here, bud,” Dean replies, chickening out. He huddles into his sweater. Cold doesn’t seem to bother Cas unless he lets it, or unless it’s real bad, snow coming down enough to make Dean anxious about taking Baby out. “You doin’ okay?”
Sure. All right. Dean, who’s never known how to stop pushing, says, “But does that mean you wanna stick around.”
Sam’s hand tightens around his shin. “God damn, Dean.” He blows out a breath. “I’m sorry. I just— I dunno, I thought you two were good together. He’s really— I mean, you wanna talk about it?”
“Yeah, man? You don’t miss it?” Dean can’t stop himself from asking. He shouldn’t ask. It isn’t for him to know, and besides, they’re here for— Hephael, or whoever.
“Here,” Cas says, and Dean begrudgingly pulls Baby over into the dirt, in case some punk with an attitude tries to barrel down the one-way while they aren’t looking.
Dean watches him when he does it sometimes. Got him in a panic the first few times, thinking Cas had gone out and hadn’t come home — but there he was, right where Dean left him, head tilted back. It’d been cold out. Dean had shrugged off his flannel and walked up to set it on him like a blanket instead of launching it at him from the doorway, and Cas had turned that wondering face onto him, eyes wide and full of stars. Hadn’t needed to say thank you, but said it anyway. Dean had left him to it.
“I mean, the guy’s— y’know, he’s Cas. And I mean, I know you’re—” Dean handwaves vaguely, and hopes it accurately conveys
Cas puts his hand on Dean’s chest. It’s not— there’s no heat to it, not through the two layers Dean’s wearing, but the pressure of it. Dean can feel him. Dean can
“Can you head in first, Sam?” Cas asks as he pulls into the parking lot. “I have to ask Dean something.”
“Don’t worry ‘bout it, man,” Dean replies automatically, panic down his spine straight to his toes erasing all the good feeling in one fell swoop. He can’t. He can’t. Yeah, all right, neither can Dean. “I’m not gonna—”
Cas pulls his hand away, and Dean can’t stop himself from leaning forward, just an inch, trying to chase after that warmth. “You’re not where I am,” Cas murmurs. “You’re not in love with me. And that’s all right, Dean. I don’t want you to change who you are. I simply—” His voice catches. Dean did that to him. “I only want this if it means the same thing to both of us.”
“Yeah.” Dean’s voice cracks. He clears his throat. Somehow, he feels a little better, even, just talking about him. He says, “Y’know, he— he was— Cas was generous.” He doesn’t know how else to put it. The way Cas was with him. “I mean. He never took my shit, and that was— good of him. He expected good out of me. He cared about me enough to see that I could be— that I could be something.”
“You c’n look anytime you want, babe,” Dean says, because he can’t think about the way Cas is looking at him, overwhelmed and warmly content all at once. And then Cas’s shoulders block out the overhead light, suddenly, and Cas is leaning over him, covering him— “Cas—”
“Mm.” Dean brings his hands up to the pillow, slides ‘em under and tilts his head to the side, facing Cas’s hips under those soft sweatpants. Dean would take his jeans off, just hang out in his boxers, except for Cas is right there, and that’s— he shouldn’t do that, right? He shouldn’t.
There’s nothing out here. Except for the sun, maybe, if that counts. The sun, and miles and miles of grass. “So,” Dean tries again, and his throat clicks. He blinks furiously, determined to get through a sentence, at least.
?” Dean barks. “We got a half-angel menace on the loose, and Mom’s about had it up to here with her deadbeat sons, and Cas—” and Dean looks at him in an old way, the way he looked sometimes when he talked about Dad, about when it was bad. Or, when he talked around it, because Dean has never told Sam about anything that Sam hadn’t seen with his own eyes. He looks very, very scared. “I don’t get you, man.”
“Yeah.” Dean blinks at the neatly-ordered boxes filled with cursed objects in front of him. A good place to air your secrets, in a warded room full of secret-keepers. “And. And a… a friend.”
“How is this any different from attempting to bait it with Dean?” Cas asks. It’s different because it’s Dean. Dean’s expendable. Arguably, Dean’s older than everybody here, if you’re only counting human years. He’s lived his life. “I’m going.”
The river, when they get to it, is too clear. Sam can see that right from the outset. “Pollution,” Cas says needlessly, bending down to examine the water flow while Sam and Dean hang back. “It’s killed all the life in the water.”
“Shut up,” she says, smiling. “And move my couch, would ya? Gotta be able to see the TV you just spent all that time setting up.”
, the way he always did, even before that Thanksgiving. Jess liked it, so Sam never put a stop to it.
“I can’t—” I can’t look at him without seeing Cas. I can’t look at him without wanting to turn around, to see if Cas is there, to see if his coat is hanging on the handrails of the stairs. I can’t look at him without wanting to ask if he can bring him back.
“You said it first,” Dean spits, riled up, not even sure why— ‘cause it’s him, he’s the problem, it ain’t Cas who he oughtta take it out on but Cas is the only one there, isn’t he— and— “And then you—”
, and Dean’s grin falters. It’s obvious to everyone but him, isn’t it, all the people at the grocery store can see that he’s texting someone he’s— into, or whatever. If someone looked over his shoulder two minutes ago then they’d know it was a man, too, or they’d think so. And that’s fine. It is absolutely, unequivocally fine. So Dean, suddenly wracked with nerves, texts back
“Just out.” Dean’s voice is tinny and muffled, something in the distance like he’s outside next to a highway. If he actually went out and got himself wasted in a ditch Sam’s gonna kill him. “Jesus, I’m too old to sleep in the car.”
Finally, Cas pushes him off to get his pants off and pulls Dean up to the bed, pushes Dean’s jeans off, too, so he’s just there, in his goddamn boxers, looking at Cas naked on the bed. “You look good,” Dean says, and then crawls onto the bed so he doesn’t have to say anything else from any kind of distance. He kisses Cas’s mouth, his chin, his chest, says, “You look— you look—”
“I, ah.” Bobby turns to look back out into the hallway, but Dean’s at work and Dad’s not coming back for another week. So Bobby faces Sam and says, “Y’know somethin’, Sam. I’m— I’m like you, in a way.”
“Ugh, dads,” Mary says commiseratingly, forgetting for just a second that that’s— that his dad is her John. Oh, Jesus. She sets her tea down, maybe a little harder than she intended. “Uh.”
“That’s nice, Sam.” Dean inhales. Christ. He covers his face with his hands, can’t— can’t even look at anything right now. He’s not crying, exactly, but he just. He needs it.
“So,” Cas says, putting his other hand on Dean’s face, holding him there. “I know you want me. And you know I want you. So tell me.” Cas’s face crumples, and Dean has to look away from his eyes, ‘cause he can’t see the hurt he put there. “What did I do wrong?”
“It’s— it’ll be all right,” Cas says. He looks at Dean. All at once, it’s like the whole thing is gone, the way they bitch at each other, the way Cas is always itchin’ to get out from under Dean— all of it becomes nothing next to Cas’s serious mouth and his unblinking gaze. “I’ll… there’s a risk, yes, but I’m more likely to survive than either of you, I think. It’s dust. I’ll be fine.”
“Dean,” Cas rumbles, like a shot of the good stuff straight to the stomach, fuck, Dean feels it curling in his belly how good it feels when Cas says his name.
“Is that so,” Cas says, leaning his shoulder against the door, looking out at the plains, and Dean sighs.
Cas looks at him, and the way he looks, locking eyes like it’s— like nobody ever taught him the way to do it, like no one ever said Cas, look, man, when you’re having sex with someone for the first time it’s supposed to be awkward and you’re supposed to keep your eyes closed so you don’t see the fumbling around— ‘cause no one taught him that, no one, this is just what Cas is when he’s acting on instinct. He looks into Dean’s eyes and his brow furrows and his thumb dips in, further, and Dean closes his mouth around it and meets his gaze because like hell if he’s going to be the one to teach Cas that what he wants is wrong.
“Were you pretending?” Cas turns in the seat, knees butting up against the gearshift. His voice dips, and Dean watches his throat as he says, “When you prayed to me in Purgatory? When you said— I still think about it, when you said to me that you’d rather have me, cursed or not.” And Cas adds, urgently, “I still think about the way you held me when I left the Empty the first time. I think about the look on your face when you raised me the second time. Was that pretend?”
Oh, fuck. Mary sits down and chugs half her water and wishes she had something stronger, but she wasn’t going to bring Dean to a liquor store on her way to leaving him. The one thing he asked was for her to stay, and she couldn’t do it. She just couldn’t do it.
“If I made you again,” Cas murmurs, “Would you like it if I put my hands here?” And Cas pushes himself up a little bit and puts his other hand to Dean’s chest, so he’s pinning him there, left hand over Dean’s right hip and right hand over Dean’s heart. Looking down at him from a distance of a foot, maybe, but the leap of earth to heaven for all Dean can move right now, Cas says, “You’d know, if you could see the mark of my hands, that I wouldn’t leave you.”
Dean swallows. Cas is so close to him. His eyes are so blue. Dean— he brings his hand up, shaky, covers Cas’s hand with his own. “You’re—
Dean chokes. “N— s’all right,” and it ain’t even a lie, he can see the line of split trailing from Cas’s index finger and anyway, lube makes it— real, and this is just. This is just.
“Dad never said he was proud of me,” Dean says, still smiling. “Always had higher expectations’n I could meet, my old man.”
“Well, it’s just—” And then Dean finds himself wanting to lay the whole sorry story out. He says, “He came back. And, I didn’t want— we’re lucky, to have so many chances. And the things he said, ‘fore he died, I just.” He doesn’t know how else to say it. He says, “I just wanted him to stay. But then it got— saying it, it got to be too much, I didn’t wanna keep—
“See you, asshole,” Sam snipes back. He hangs up, and looks at Cas. “I think he has a crush on you.”
“God, yeah,” Dean says, rolling onto his back as Cas pushes himself up on his knees, leaning over his face. He watches, mouth falling open as Cas unzips himself, pulls his dick out of his boxers. “Fuck, are you gonna— Cas, are you gonna come on my face—”
“All right,” Cas says, gentling his grip. He says, smoothly, “Let me— then let me tell you what I want.”
nothing, you said,” and Cas smiles, a little, “‘Cas, you son of a bitch. I’m not leaving without you. There’s nothing for me out there, if you’re here. So come back to me.’”
“Well.” Dean nods at the sheet of paper. “There you go, then. You’re uniquely qualified to give me feedback.” He looks at Sam. His baby, even if he’s thirty-eight now. He would die for him, easy, and there’s not much he wouldn’t kill for him either, but Dean knows there’s more to parenting than that.
“What would you like out of your relationship with Cas?” Mia asks, and shit if that isn’t a straight cut to the heart of the problem.
Cas slaps him across the face, hard, with his left hand, and Dean’s mouth opens on pure instinct with his cheek pressed into the bed. “Thank you,” he breathes, moans, feels Cas’s fingers brush up against his prostate and nearly cries with it. “Gimme— another, another one, another finger, Cas—”
“Nah.” Dean chugs the last of his water and slides his mug over to Mary, and Mary dumps a teabag in and pours hot water over it. “You got milk?”
He looks up when some lady bumps into his cart and then back down, and Cas has sent him a picture of his underwatered umbrella plant with a
“Yeah,” Dean laughs, “yeah. Shit. That kid could win any argument too, y’know, stood up to the old man in ways I couldn’t even dream of. Smart as anything.”
. He said it, just like that. It’s the truest thing Sam’s ever heard. She can’t even speak. She just hears it, ringing in her head.
. Dean’s dick twitches in his pants, and Cas reaches down to set his palm on Dean’s thigh, and Dean’s head flops back, nerveless. Christ. Like Cas has a direct line to his dick, no matter where he touches, and this close— this close it’s like dynamite. “I’d like to keep this on, for now,” he says. “I want to focus on you. Is that all right?”
“Holy shit.” Frat Bro #3 runs a hand through his hair. “I mean— shit, I’m glad nobody got hurt.” He whips his head up. “No one got hurt, right?”
Sam thumbs over his shin soothingly, maybe to take the sting outta his words. “Imagine you’re in love with someone, and you— you get ‘em, in— in— in bed or whatever, and you find out months later that the whole thing was… was made up, just to make you happy. How would you feel, Dean?”
Still panting from his morning run, Sam stirs the pot in front of him tiredly. They got a taste for grits, the both of them, after a case in Memphis when they were kids. Dean was just so happy he’d done good enough on the hunt to get to stop by Graceland; Sam had already started to be resentful of Dad parceling out their leisure like war rations, but looking up at Dean’s beaming face, he couldn’t hold onto his anger.
Cas looks at his hand, then, and Dean finally lets go of the fucking steering wheel, lets Cas slide his grip down to Dean’s wrist. He wraps his hand, gentle, around the skin just past the hem of Dean’s shirtsleeve and it— Dean bites his lip, swallows as Cas thumbs the inside of his wrist. “I want to touch you,” Cas murmurs. “I want to do everything we’ve already done, and things we haven’t thought of yet.”
“Okay, then that’s— that’s step one.” As if Dean’s an idiot, Sam says, slowly, pronouncing every syllable, “
“Is this what you wanted?” Cas asks, voice low, low as anything, as he pushes Dean up against the door.
But the truth of it is that it’s a lie. It’s a bald-faced lie, it’s Dean trying so fucking hard to keep Cas here that he’ll lie to his face about this, the most important thing in Cas’s life. It’s— it’s disgusting. Dean says, mouth dry, hating himself, “Cas, if you— if you want me— I’m yours.”
to her, even though he still says it to Dean. Sometimes she wonders if that means it’d be safe— but it’s probably more likely to be some kind of subtle punishment, some kind of brush-off since she’s not so good with a shotgun, not so committed to the family business. Dean’s Bobby’s boy. Sam’s nobody. “What’re you doing?”
“I wanted something that wasn’t destructive.” Sam says, “I never said I wanted out of the life. That’s not what this is about. I’m saying I want— I want something that feels
And Dean leans in, and Cas meets him halfway, the way he always does, and Dean— Dean kisses him and he tastes like beer and popcorn. And his mouth is on Dean’s and Dean breathes him in and tightens his grip around Cas’s warm and dry and callused hand and puts his other hand on Cas’s neck, to feel him. Oh, God. He wants him. He wants him so bad. Cas kisses him back and Dean hitches a breath, sensitive to it all, inhaling sharp through his nose when Cas’s thumb brushes quick and soft along Dean’s jawline.
“Dean?” Cas asks eventually. His hand slides down to the back of Dean’s neck, massaging gently. Dean groans into the pillow, half-asleep. “If you’d… if you’d like to talk about it, I’m here.”
“No,” Dean says, speeding by. And then he stops, and says, “Yes,” because he knows Sam gets in his head about what he hears and doesn’t hear and what’s real and what isn’t, and then he grunts, “Shut up,” just to round out the pack. Yeah. Dean Winchester: catch of the fucking century.
“Where are we going?” Cas had asked from the backseat about an hour into the drive, and Dean’d almost driven them off the road. He’d been looking at Cas in the rearview the whole damn time but his voice still took him by surprise.
As always, Amy just says, “Uh huh,” once he starts in on his rant, says, “You gonna stop jerkin’ yourself off anytime soon, old man?”
More complete notes to come in the last chapter, I think. Thanks again to everyone who commented — I'll reply to your comments individually soon. I can't express enough how much your comments made this happen. I really hope this isn't a disappointment — I've sort of forgotten a lot of the thematic and plot threads that I had in mind when I first started planning this fic, but I re-read it a few times to get back into the swing of it and just wrote something fun. I hope you like it (and if not, that's totally ok too, I won't be offended!).
Eight months. Good God. Dean pushes his fries to her and tries to breathe through it. Eight months, which means it’s nine months since Cas left him. Since Cas—
Dean doesn’t ask where he went. He just bumps his shoulder, and presses a kiss to his cheek ‘cause that’s what you’re supposed to do when your— when your
So he doesn’t feel bad about dipping halfway through just to call. Just to check in. He steps out front, past the smokers, and dials.
“No,” Cas says, “I know Naomi’s interference. I wouldn’t be talking here with you if I was under her control.”
About twenty minutes in, on a nowhere highway with the same empty country Dean spent his whole life growing up and fucking and hating himself in, Sam clears his throat, and he says, “Don’t ever do that to me again.”
Cas turns to look at him. Abruptly, Dean can’t feel his sweat anymore. In that blistering heat all he sees is Cas. A vision. The way he’s lookin’— “No,” Dean says, and then Cas’s mouth twitches up in a smile, and it cuts at him hard. “Cas, don’t—”
“You are—” Jesus Christ. Dean just got him back. Somehow, all of this— all the shit Dean pulled, all his rage when Sam was gone, it’s just— it’s condensed, solidified, curdled into this. Into this moment: Cas, walking away from him again. He just got him back. After all that time, he just got him back. “I can’t fucking believe you. You fucking— you and your fucking martyr complex, I’m—”
Today, Cas is driving them the first leg up to the Norfolk Walmart on the way to Sioux Falls. Dean watches his hands on Baby’s wheel, his jawline in the morning sunlight. He could look at him for days and never get his fill. That’s all he needs: just the people he loves, happy on the balance of things. Not much else to ask for.
She never actually tells Dad about it. Six years later, when they’re reunited for those few months between Jess’s death and John’s, Dad just… doesn’t notice. Sam wears baggy clothes to hide her chest even though she still flaunts the earrings like a late-stage teenage rebellion. Everyone calls her Sam anyway, and Dean is careful not to refer to her with pronouns at all around Dad, and somehow they pull it off. It’s not out of any sense of hiding herself — it’s just that John doesn’t care to look, and Sam doesn’t care to have the conversation now that they’re on the same side. Now that they finally have the same enemy, for the first time in Sam’s life.
“Unbelievably so.” There’s a laugh in Cas’s voice but Dean knows he’s serious as all hell. “In fact, I want you to live to be a hundred years old. I, of course, am likely to pass away in my late eighties based on the health of this body.”
Dean scrambles for the hallway, half-jogging to the kitchen. Not that that’d make a difference if he fucked it up so bad Cas left, if he— if he— Dean pauses, tries to breathe, can’t. He’s the worst piece of shit in the world. Cas left. After all that, all the things Cas said, after Cas said
, good, goddamn,” Dean mutters, sliding a hand over his face and wincing at the wetness there. He full-on
“I didn’t want to leave you,” Cas says, low and rough, which isn’t a fucking answer. He’s so close. He leans down a little, and twitches, slightly, and his index finger makes contact with Dean’s thumb and— Dean inhales, sharp, Christ, it almost hurts it’s so sensitive. He’s so warm. Everything, and he smells like— frankly, he smells like he’s been in his car for three days, but he also smells like himself, and Dean’s. He’s dizzy with it.
“Gender can be occupying,” Castiel says, thinking of Dean’s own wrestling with the large gulf between his body and his soul. “Sam has a lot to say on the topic, I believe.”
. His gaze dips down to Cas’s throat, the stubble along his jaw and the tight line of his shirt neck framing his Adam’s apple, his broad chest, the barest hint of a nipple through his shirt— Jesus
Sam’s birth has never been celebrated in her family. In the Winchester household, May 2nd is just the six-month anniversary of November 2nd. She looks between the earrings in her hands and Dean’s carefully indifferent face. After she puts them in, she doesn’t take the hearts out until Jess gets her a pair for their first anniversary — sweet white diamond angel wings.
“Perfect,” Cas says, and then he presses his thumb against Dean’s rim, pressing in and in and in and Dean’s eyes fly open at the feeling of Cas’s fingers, all five of them in him, and he looks up at Cas and Cas looks at him and Dean thinks this is the fullest he’s ever felt and maybe the hungriest he’s ever been for it, like— the drag of Cas’s skin inside of him is extravagant, pure gluttony, the entire idea of it completely unnecessary, hedonism, and—
Some kid made a post wondering if his dad will kick him outta the house for bringing a boyfriend home and Dean has to— he closes the tab. He can’t read that shit. He closes his laptop and puts his head on his forearms, feeling like a real— a real fuckin’ piece of shit.
“Yeah—” and when Dean opens his mouth to say it, Cas’s thumb slips in, just a little, his thumbpad sliding against Dean’s teeth, velvet feeling against his lip.
Dean shifts into park. Sits there, hands on the wheels, looking out in front of himself blankly. He breathes in, and then out, and then he gets out of the car.
. “I’m stupid,” he says, nervelessly. He can’t feel his hands. He just looks at Cas in the half-light of the dying sun through the motel blinds and he thinks, I just have to ask. But I can’t ask. “I’m the stupidest man in the world.”
Castiel feels Dean’s arm come up across his chest, as if he’s barring Castiel back from a fight, or keeping him safe the way he does when he has to stop the car suddenly. “Hey,” he says, low, “you gotta— be smart about this, okay? Don’t go pullin’ some— some stupid shit, just ‘cause—”
“Was that—” Cas looks at him. And then he maneuvers himself across the bed to sit next to Dean’s shoulders, palm cradling Dean’s face. “Was that okay?”
“And it isn’t yours either.” Donnie fixes him with a stare. “Seriously. I get it, this is— it’s scary, you’re allowed to be scared, man. But you didn’t die tonight.” He cracks a grin. “You’re not dying in my bar if I have any say over it.”
And before Dean has to say anything to that, Cas leans in to kiss him. Dean chokes out a breath into his mouth, so— so— he just feels so
“I know.” Cas stands there, while the sun creeps up past the cottonwood, while the creek burbles happily in the distance, while the grass sways under them.
“I don’t want them to call me a boy,” Sam says ‘cause that’s the only thing she can think. She can see it now: they’ll go to a piercing shop and Bobby’ll say
Last week. One week ago, he’d told Sam to tell him it was okay, and— and Cas showed up, out of the blue, and he’d said
Out of the garage, Cas makes a beeline for their room, so Dean steers himself to the Dean Cave, and sits himself in front of the TV, and tries not to think about much of anything at all.
“I’m thinking he was… doing a favor,” Castiel realizes. “She tripped over a rock, and he made it… go away.” And then he glares at Dean, adding, “And we’re not
screams the sign just outside the window. Dean looks down at his breakfast special; it’s certainly something all right. Two strips of soggy bacon, overcooked eggs, a handful of taters and two slices of unnaturally thin, lukewarm bread. In all fairness, the coffee is bottomless, even if that’s about the only good thing going for it.
“That sounds like a great idea, Dean. I’m glad,” Mia says. “How are you feeling? Is there anything you want to talk about before we wrap up?”
Cas turns back to him, wild-eyed. “So I won’t leave! Dean— what did I do?” He steps forward, puts his hand on Dean’s cheek, and it— Dean wraps his hand around Cas’s wrist to hold him there, keep him, feel him warm on his skin. “What did I do to you, to make you think you owed me this? I thought we didn’t owe each other anything but—”
“It kills assholes,” Dean says, squatting in the middle of a dust field next door to a rundown church because he didn’t want to get his tires dirty by driving all the way in, and he’s tired of standing, although his knees are probably gonna regret it soon. Cas and Sam look down at him, and he grins. “I’m an asshole. Maybe if I just sit here and yell a bit, it’ll come.”
Claire nods. She takes a pull of her beer and she’s twenty-four now, and by that age Dean had already grown out of putting back tequila shots like water, but he still looks away from it.
The first two guys don’t pick up, and when Dean gets to the third, he hears a click behind him. “That was assault, y’know,” Asshole says. Dean turns around. Asshole has a fucking Glock. “This would be self-defence.”
“That’s okay,” Sam says, although she thinks it might be nice to list Robert Singer rather than John Winchester on an emergency contact form one day. “I think— I mean, the guidance counsellors say I got a good shot at getting in somewhere with a bursary program.”
“Sucks,” Dean grumbles, because Cas is always right. Asshole. He presses his mouth against the shirt under his face — not a kiss, not really, but it could be, if you wanted to read it that way. Dean just does it. Just instinct in him, close quarters, and Cas’s smell, the warmth of him in his room.
Sam calls it a night after Under the Red Hood, but Cas sticks it out for the next movie in their DCAU marathon. Dean watches Darkseid whale on Superman and can’t stop fucking thinking about it, the heat of Cas’s body next to his on the couch, and Cas calling himself a gay man, and Sam looking up prayers for queer love, and Alistair calling Dean
“S’all right,” Dean says, looking at the back of the couch where Cas was sitting. “I shouldn’t have—”
It’s visceral, Cas inside him, and he just— he reaches for his dick and Cas slaps his hand away, sharp and stinging against the inside of his wrist, and Dean flat out moans. Christ, he feels like he’s about to
, two points of contact and it’s already too much. Cas kisses him and kisses him and holds him in place and Dean just takes it. He lets Cas touch him and makes humiliating little noises every time Cas’s hand shifts. He bites gentle on Cas’s lower lip, mostly to stop himself from whining in the back of his throat, and Cas— Cas gets in close, presses into him, kisses him harder and puts his knee between Dean’s legs as if that’s something Dean can survive.
“Not at all,” Cas says, wiping a tear away with his thumb. Dean looks up and then— they’re kissing again, Cas holding him there with his palm while Dean takes it and takes it.
A wave of sand cuts him off. “This the storm?” Dean yells. It’s loud. Wide open susurrus, screaming void— sand scraping over sand, coming from behind them angling towards Cas. Hot, too, the sun cutting through it like glass. The sand nips at Dean’s skin. His arms, his throat. The inside of his ears. “Shit, Sam—” Dean starts, and then shuts his mouth ‘fore the sand gets inside. He looks at Sam and blinks, and then blinks again, and then shuts his eyes as the dust comes over them, fast and relentless.
“Shit,” Cas grits out, under his breath, pressing up to the bottom knuckle as he shudders. “You don’t— you can’t imagine what you sound like.”
So: me and Cas. What do I want? I want him to stay. I want him to take me for granted, the way Sam does. I mean, I want him to think, Dean wants me around, so I’ll show up anytime, I’ll sit in his room for three days straight and make him buy me dinner at the county fair.
Oh, fuck. Dean closes his eyes, and then presses his knuckles into them, as if he can keep the crying back by sheer pressure. He breathes in deep, and then breathes out. He says, “This is fucked up. Sorry.”
They browse through shelves across from each other, bumping hips in the aisle. They don’t say anything, but Dean can feel Cas’s warmth next to him, his breathing. There ain’t a damn thing he’s supposed to do except enjoy it.
When Dean is twenty, Sam’s sixteen and antsy, itching to get out, but Dean just surveils him even harder. Flagstaff is only two years in the rearview mirror. Dean knows what his priorities are.
“Stanford?” She’d heard, vaguely, that Sam studied pre-law, but didn’t realize it was at a big college like that. “Holy crap.”
.” Dean finally heads back to the other side of the kitchen to put away the groceries. Hopefully the milk didn’t go bad while he was mooning over Cas. “You tell
Cas nods against him, and Dean presses a kiss to his hair, and smiles into it. And he says it again: “I believe you.”
, Sam didn’t get anything from Dean. Sam would be worried, but Dean’s always forgetting to check his phone; hell, the only time he looked at it more than three times a day was when he was waiting on a text from Mom. It’s only been seven, maybe eight hours anyway.
And they haul a mattress over to the floor next to Sam’s bed, and Dean flops down on it in his boxers, and listens to Sam’s breathing the way he did nearly every night for the first twenty-two years of his life. Into the silence, Dean whispers: “Thanks, Sam.”
T-shirt hacked to pieces and the tattooed pink heather peeking up around his collarbones, and says, “You wearin’— all that, an’ me a bisexual, shackin’ up with an angel.”
“I need— I need something, I need—” Dean doesn’t even know what he wants, isn’t sure he’ll make it if Cas touches his dick but he needs sensation to take the edge off, not sure if he’s feeling pleasure or pain with the fullness in his ass. He knows he’s drooling but he can barely move his arms, has no idea what Cas sees when he looks at him, because he just feels sweaty and overwhelmed and so goddamn desperate for touch, so sensitive he could come from anything.
“I got a tattoo.” Dean whips his head around so fast, and there Sam is, standing in the doorway, a six and a half foot tall puppy. He doesn’t see a tattoo. “Wanna see?”
Still. She puts her mind to it, the way everyone expects her to, and because it’s nice to have a problem to solve. “There’s something itching at me about Castiel’s resurrection,” she says, because she’s thinking about it. “I feel like I haven’t learned enough about how hunting works these days to draw conclusions, though.”
Dean works it out on some dough, and then puts a roast in the slow cooker, and then makes more chili than you could shake a stick at. He bakes macarons and sugar cookies. After a solid three hours in the kitchen, his breathing slows. It’s fine. Cas is allowed to leave. He’s not— Dean’s not that guy. It’s fine.
Dean’s gaze catches on Cas’s jawline, then falls to his throat, then his hands. “You, uh. You gonna look at the stars?”
Oh, fuck. The whole truth of it comes slithering out, disgusting and filthy and sloppy. “All I want is for him to stay,” Dean says, and that’s the whole fucking truth of it. “There ain’t a lot I wouldn’t do to— to keep him safe and… and here. Today I just.” I just fucked it up. I just got too mad too fast, the way I always do, the way I do ‘cause I got this anger inside me that won’t go anywhere. “Just couldn’t keep lyin’ to him.”
“Would you like me to?” Cas says, low and nervous, too, and Dean knows if he said no Cas wouldn’t ever mention it again. But the thing is — the thing of it is, Dean loves feeling full with Cas, gets harder than anything over the idea of Cas in him as deep as he can be, and this—
me to be, I mean I’m lucky he’s even— all those waitresses, y’know, Cas is the one who’s the looker, and— so it’s just, I couldn’t follow through. That’s it.”
Cas kisses him back, then, and Dean tastes the smile in him, feels it against his mouth, grins into Cas as he strokes his hands up and down his back. When did he get muscular? When did he get— when did he grow into this body, Christ, Dean grips at the side of him as Cas pushes him gently onto his back.
Donnie tosses the phone onto the ground, about four feet away. He says, “I know you have a gun. Go nuts, if you want.”
Claire leans against the table, watching all the people behind Dean’s back. “Castiel. He’s kind of a dumbass, y’know. He won’t figure it out if you don’t treat him right.” She glances back to him. “But I will.”
“I could.” Sam scratches the back of his neck. “We could get a mattress into my room. If you want… if you wanna have a sleepover.”
“Jesus, all right.” He looks at the piece of lined paper in Sam’s hands. “So you’re not gonna write anything?”
“I—” Cas sits up, turning to Dean, but Dean keeps his eyes on the road. He hasn’t earned those blue eyes, not yet. “Dean. You’re full of love. What on earth makes you think—”
The bar is still and silent. Lindsay puts a glass down, slowly, at the other end of the bar. “You wanna head out, be my guest,” Dean says, reaching for his own gun as subtly as he can. “I ain’t keeping you here.”
“Oh, baby,” is how Lucifer greets Sam, a crooning rasp that sends the wrong kind of shivers up Sam’s spine. He doesn’t mention Mary at all, which is as concerning as it is relieving.
Mary looks at him settling down. Like a puzzle, she tries to work out what might have come first. What events might have transpired in Dean’s past, to lead him from tea in Mary’s kitchen to a panic attack in her living room.
it,” Sam spits, suddenly furious in a way he wasn’t, even one minute ago. Here he is. Here he is, surviving in a world without his longest constant — Lucifer, at once his God and his Devil, the purest truth, because Lucifer has never lied to him — and Cas and Dean can’t shut up for two fucking seconds. Here he is, a poisoned river. Here he is, a grieving dust storm.
When he looks back up at Cas’s face, he’s— he looks so sad. Dean did that. Dean put that look on his face. Christ. Dean always does this, always— he hates that every word out of his mouth is a tragedy. Doesn’t he deserve to make someone smile, just once?
as the white glow of his grace sped through all of Dean’s body like a lightning rod. And suddenly, with Cas there in front of him and that trembling resonance in his fingertips, he hadn’t been certain anymore that it was okay at all.
At home, he tries kissing Cas whenever he sees him, tries not to seem like he’s halfway out the door when they’re together, keeps him close and nudges his hip against Cas’s when they’re in the same room. Figures it can’t hurt, and he deletes Mia’s number, too, since it’s not like she can help him. Not like anyone can help him outta this mess, and not like there’s a mess to be helped out of, anyway. Dean has everything he wants, by all accounts. He just hasn’t figured out how to enjoy it yet.
He closes his eyes, gets into it, the taste of him, heavy on his tongue. He’s never felt like this, so— so overwhelmed, so full up with no contact except Cas inside his mouth, all sweat and smell of him, it’s fucking filthy is what it is, and Dean inhales through his nose and tries to take him deeper. Fuck. Fuck. Get
“Probably as happy as it makes me,” Dean says, trying on a smile in return. It’s fine. He— he does love Cas, in his way, and it’s not— and if Dean just does it, if he dates — because that must be what this is, dating, if they love each other and kiss each other and have sex with each other — if Dean dates Cas, and tells other people that they’re in love with each other, then what does it matter whether it’s true or not? Not like Dean’s built for love anyway. Maybe this is the closest anyone’s ever gonna get out of him.
“I can’t—” Dean inhales sharply, and exhales. He is having a nice day. He’s making hamburgers for his family. Him and Cas split the driving, and Cas even took the suburban sprawl traffic for their Walmart beer run and left Dean the nice leg up through Nebraska where it’s easy and fast and uncomplicated, and Claire thinks he’s in love with Cas so she might as well be right. “Yeah,” he says, and it clenches in his throat, and he suddenly has to look around to see if Cas will watch him struggling to say it. If Cas will see how hard it is, if he’ll realize
“Reacting when people, y’know. Say stuff.” Dean shrugs and hopes to God Sam doesn’t make him actually say the words
“Yeah?” Dean blinks, and finally — because he can’t take it, God, Cas’s right hand delicate in his ass and his left hand steadying himself on the bed — he brings a hand up to rub his own nipple. “S’it ok if—”
“Only Cas can answer that one,” Sam says. But then his mouth crooks up and he says, “I think it will be, though.”
Dean hangs his jacket up on the hook just past the door, toes his shoes off by the closet, and then drops his grocery bags on the kitchen floor, exhausted. Kids. At the garage today, Trish asked him how he met his husband (Dean had sputtered, and said,
In the space of a breath, Dean inhales shakily, and then Cas cuts him in half with Natalie Diaz’s finale: “You could say my brothers’ bullet cleans them—the way red ants wash the empty white bowl of a dead coyote’s eye socket. Yes, my brother’s bullet cleans them, makes them ready for God.”
“Yeah, I text her sometimes.” Kaia asks, “Can I ask, though— do angels think about this stuff? Is gender just a human thing?”
“You’re allowed to grieve, Dean.” Cas slides a palm, firm, across Dean’s shoulders, cradles his head with his other arm, and Dean exhales shakily. “And perhaps… this is one of the few years you’ve been safe enough to truly feel it, without a more urgent crisis over you. It makes sense that you’d be more affected.”
“I didn’t wanna lie to you anymore,” Dean tries again. He should’ve prepared notes. A tractor trundles in the field past Cas’s head, yard posts flicking past like cards in a deck. “Wasn’t fair to you, what I did.”
“Then what does it matter why?” Cas — Cas is too goddamn generous with him, Dean thinks, but he still lets Cas wrap his fingers around his wrist, still lets Cas pull him in until Dean is right in front of him, their knees knocking where they’re both half turned on the couch lookin’ at each other. “If you want me,” Cas says, the same way he said
When that happens — when Sam’s gone and Dad’s Smith & Wesson 5906 is in Dean’s waistband — then Dean will go out to a bar. Dean will make a show of licking the rim of his fifth of whiskey. He’ll be allowed to end up in the crime section of a nowhere-town’s paper three months later, because what came before it was worth the risk, and because nobody will be left to need him.
Sam’s text comes in the early afternoon, more than a full 24 hours after the night Dean left. It’s a case. Right, okay. Sam’s sending him out on cases now. No
Bobby sighs. “Look,” he says, walking into the bathroom. Sam drops the needle back into the alcohol. “You want your ears pierced, we’ll get ‘em pierced. No need to go givin’ yourself an infection just ‘cause you got a can-do attitude, y’hear me?”
. He doesn’t even normally shave, but this, being on display, it feels like something you should prepare for. “How do you want me?”
Most days, he moves through it easy. His great pain is Lucifer’s true face. But even on those days, the days when it’s easy, he— he thinks he’ll see her when he opens his eyes, every morning. He winces, anticipates her, on the ceiling, her face wide open to him, and it’s not exactly a relief when he opens his eyes and she’s gone. Was she in pain? It was Brady who did it, or the demon inside Brady who’d lean in close when Sam had too much at the bar down the street. He’d set his hand, warm, on Sam’s stomach while he reached into Sam’s front pocket for his keys. He must’ve knocked on the door and said
“Exit here,” Dean says, three hours in. Cas exits smoothly, picture perfect driving, and Dean swallows. Hand over hand on the wheel, Jesus Christ—
He doesn’t know which would be worse. And then he thinks: You are the love of my life, and you’re dead. I can’t look at Jack without seeing you. I can’t even breathe right most days. So it doesn’t fucking matter whether I loved you back or not. You’re the love of my life, and you’re dead.
But Cas, whatever he is, isn’t stupid. And he certainly has never half-assed anything, which is admittedly kind of a problem sometimes. He steps in close— he says, “You asked.” He gets as close as he did the first day they met. Dean swallows. If he took a step forward they would be touching, but it’s all he can do not to shrink back.
Dean blinks his eyes open. Cas, a vision, hair a mess and sweat all over him and straddling Dean’s thighs. Cas’s chest moves with his breath and Dean can’t stop. He can’t stop looking at him but he can only take him in pieces, Cas’s shoulders against the light, Cas’s thighs heavy on him, his dick— his dick pressing against Dean’s skin, oh God. “Yeah,” Dean says, and Cas puts two fingers in Dean’s mouth and Dean’s eyes flutter shut as he sucks, gets ‘em wet, and he can’t— Cas strokes him fast and he can’t, he
“If anyone, it’d be you,” Dean says, desperately, trying to get it out there before he has to see it on Cas’s face when he realizes it isn’t enough. “You know that. You know it would be. But I— it’s broken in me, and you deserve better than—”
That makes sense. Hell, Mary barely made it through high school. “You had bigger things to worry about.”
Cas pulls him down and Dean settles in his lap, knees on either side of Cas’s thighs, forehead against his. “Yes,” Cas murmurs, hand coming up to stroke through Dean’s hair. “What you deserve is more gentle than that. You deserve the softest love in the world.”
“Did she give you the ‘you’re allowed to have what you want’ talk?” Cas asks. Dean turns around, and there Cas is, smiling bright in the sun. Like he’s the only person in the whole fucking backyard.
Cas adjusts his glasses — Dean can feel it, from the way his chest moves under Dean’s arms — and reads: “Beloved—my brutal ephemeral monument: if you are hungry then take note of my fleshy contiguous body, my ocean, my confidence scheme— won’t you eat? won’t it be well? won’t your mouth tremble fervently at the betrayal of my breast, my proun, my enterprise?”
“Dean,” he says, softly, when he gets into the kitchen. How he knew Dean would be there is anyone’s guess. And then his voice hardens, ‘cause Dean ain’t much for meeting expectations. “You’re drinking.”
“You—” Cas presses forward once, twice, and then he comes, too, spilling all over Dean’s stomach. Christ, what a mess. “You’re unbelievable,” he says, sounding almost annoyed by it, but he kisses Dean so deep that Dean can’t complain. “You’re so beautiful. I love you.”
“Well, it feels… purposeful.” Mary laughs, feeling stupid. “I mean. That’s obvious. People don’t just get resurrected for no reason.”
“I’m here,” Cas says, and Dean exhales. Yeah. Cas is here. And after all of it — after years, years and years of losing him — he isn’t leaving. Cas’s hand — the one connected to the arm Dean’s feeling up right now — comes to settle on Dean’s hip. They’re curled into each other, legs just shy of touching each other and now that Dean’s thinking of it he can’t
Sam does that thing, raises his eyebrows and scrubs his hand through his hair when he knows the answer to something and doesn’t want to say it.
“I believe you,” Sam says reassuringly, with those old puppy dog eyes, and Dean downs another gulp of bad-idea-this-late-in-the-day juice. Sam whips out a map while Dean’s too busy watching Cas glare out the window. “Was it the lot out by the old church?”
“You give them hope,” Cas insists. “You lived. They don’t know everything about you, but you’re generous with what you can tell them. They know about the assumptions and violence you grew up with, and they can see that you’re happy anyway. Isn’t that a good example? Being happy?”
“Your father was a complicated man,” Cas says, which frankly is pretty fuckin’ generous of him considering what Dean knows he thinks of the guy. And then he adds, quiet, “I’m sorry you lost him like that.”
Eventually, Cas says, “I think… you don’t remember what you said in the Empty, when you came for me.”
Eventually, once Sam’s finished his page or his chapter or whatever, he turns it off. “You going to bed?”
By his fourth month back, Cas just moves into Dean’s room, pretty much. Dean walks into his room and there he is, lounging in his bare feet on the bed, book in hand, listening to Carly Rae Jepsen on Dean’s speakers.
His voice trembles in the air for one soft and violent moment. Dean breathes out, “Fuck, Cas,” and Cas closes the book. There are tears on his face. Dean says to the ceiling, “Oh God,” and chokes as he scrubs his face. Stupid. Stupid.
So Mary digs around in the kitchenware box to find a pot to boil some water in, because she doesn’t own a kettle and doesn’t have a microwave set up yet.
Chastened, Cas offers, “I can clear some of the poison for long enough that algae can grow. It might be able to eat up some of the toxins.”
,” Dean hisses, because he can’t— if he has to watch Cas die again he’ll lose it. He exhales, and asks, “How risky is it? Really. Tell me.”
Cas nods silently, and Dean pushes further, palm catching on Cas’s skin until his fingertips hit the seam of his T-shirt sleeve. Dean curls his hand around Cas’s shoulder, fingers trailing under the shirt, inside and intimate. He exhales. “Cas—” he says, and then shakes his head. Suddenly, the back of his neck prickles with shame. What could there be to say, why ask for anything more when— when Dean’s fucked it up so many times by saying the wrong thing, when Cas is here now and that ought to be good enough for him—
Dean rubs the sleep out of his eyes, pulls jeans on over his boxers, shoves a toothbrush in his mouth as he stumbles around looking for socks. “M’keys,” he mumbles, spraying toothpaste fucking everywhere, and Cas jangles them at him from the doorway.
“So, I, uh.” Sam’s mouth twitches. “Stupid to do it out here, I guess. I just, I wanted… I dunno. It seemed like that… like that was something, maybe, that— ’cause Cas was gone, and it was… it was so much like, like last time, with the, after Jack was born— when you put that, that needle in you…” Sam shakes his head, inhaling sharply as if to clear his head. Dean feels absolutely fucking untethered. He has no hope in hell of keeping ahead of this conversation. “I couldn’t bring Cas back. That time, or this time. And I couldn’t— I couldn’t make the world kinder to… Anyway. I just thought I’d. Maybe I’d pray.”
He says, “I fucked up,” and finds that he can’t really say anything else. That’s all there is to it, isn’t it. Dean fucked it up, quick and dirty like he always does, and the only difference this time is that he still has to live with Cas in the aftermath. Oh fuck, what if Cas— what if Cas
“Yes—” Cas pulls away to push Dean’s shirt up and Dean lets him, stands there, the two of them looking at each other with their shirts off and their pants on like a couple of idiots.
It could… it could be easier. The fallout wouldn’t be as bad once Dean inevitably fucks it up, but Cas looks so dejected by the idea that Dean can’t do it. “Nah, s’fine, Cas.”
Cas puts his forehead down against Dean’s shoulder. “I love you so much,” he says, and Dean looks down at him. His shoulders are heaving, up and down, in even intervals, and Cas looks up and Dean realizes he’s— realizes Cas is crying. “I don’t always get it right. I know that. But how do I— Dean. Dean.” Cas puts his hand up to Dean’s cheek, and Dean lets him. “I never want to leave you. Please know that.”
Dean looks at her hands ‘cause at least those don’t look like his — not like her chin, her nose, her eyes. She was a hunter before she was a mother, and some days Dean feels that way too.
“Found a hunt,” Mom says. She tosses her phone nervously between her hands. “Might be nice. Get outta here, do something.”
Claire calls him up for a case out in Pennsylvania. “This is Dean,” she says, bluntly, to the gaggle of kids around her at the bar. Or, young adults, Dean figures he oughtta say. Hell, they’re full-on real-ass adults if they’re Claire’s age. Get a grip, Dean.
Maybe it’s better this way. Maybe she can be a woman with a son who comes to his mom’s house to set up her newfangled technology and sweep behind her fridge.
“Your coat, too.” So Sam watches Cas fold up his coat, and take his shoes off. And then he has to look away, because he was there, when Dean folded up Cas’s coat at that reservoir. When Dean finally had to get it dry cleaned because the mold was stinking up the whole car. He couldn’t even pay the dry cleaner; Sam had handed over his credit card while Dean crouched, like a thundercloud, spitting with holy wrath and unhinged grief on the sidewalk outside.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Sam mutters, because, oh, yeah, he’s right fucking there. Dean lets go of Cas’s hand.
Jack is out doing something or other with Claire. Dean tends not to ask questions when Claire’s involved, considering the whole mess with Cas and the fact that Dean put a gun in her girlfriend’s face. Sam’s doing some reading while Dean browses through news reports, hunting for evidence. Evidence of the Empty somewhere, of a veil between worlds wearing thin, of anything at all.
“I already got what I need here,” Dean says quietly, ashamedly, and finishes his beer in one long gulp. He pops the top off another one, his fifth of the night, and says, louder, “I ain’t cleaning up.”
She looks at him. Every time she does, Sam can see why his dad couldn’t look at Dean, sometimes, would tuck Sam into bed while Dean sulked on the couch. Why Dad preferred to have Dean in the front seat, so he could look at him piecemeal out of his peripheral vision, rather than being shocked by that face in the rearview mirror. “Of course I’m okay with it—”
As it turns out, the dead kid out in the middle of nowhere didn’t have anything to do with Cas being raised.
Cas looks at him. Sometimes Dean thinks he’s the biggest fucking asshole in the world, to have missed it, when Cas has looked at him that way for years, but then he thinks, how could he have known? How could he have possibly thought that Cas — who still looks like an angel everywhere he goes, who has that magnetic quality to him, that unnameable beauty that tugs at Dean every time he’s in the presence of an angel but just feels calmer, more comfortable, easier,
. Dean’s never felt this way about anybody’s ears before. He’s fucking crazy. “I want more than fine,” Cas says, looking at him with those eyes of his, and all Dean hears is the word
“If you die of mad cow disease I’m calling it now,” Dean mutters, turning back to the grill. Sam will be over here any second now with a begrudging bun on his plate, and Dean’ll have to have a burger ready for him. And then the kids’ll be back for seconds, and then Jody might want another one too.
Dean lets Sam go, ‘cause hell if he’s touching that one with a ten foot pole. He exhales. “Somethin’ wrong, Cas?”
when he sees it. He comes home the next day with a pair of emerald studs in the shape of small hearts,
. Here he is, mad over nothing, just ‘cause Cas is who he is. ‘Cause Cas likes men— unless it’s just Dean, in which case, nothing can help the poor bastard.
“You already call me that,” Dean replies, just as soft, feeling it like the gift that it is. His partner.
,” Mary stresses, desperate to see Dean the way he was before, easy, open, comfortable. Right now he looks like he’s facing a firing squad. His knees are shaking, slightly, but enough that Mary can see it even through his jeans. “Seriously. That would be… honestly, that would be great.”
There’s a used bookstore in Lebanon. Dean likes books but he’s never been one to buy ‘em when even a couple bucks could be the difference between mac’n’cheese or crackers for dinner, and it’s not like he’s had time to read these past years. But Cas thought it’d be nice to fill a bookshelf with fun reading, and Dean knows for a fact that Cas’s idea of fun is shit like first editions of Aimé Césaire in the original French, but he tags along anyway.
“How long do you want me to stay with you?” Cas asks, softly, looking at his own hand on Dean’s throat.
“Could be nice,” Sam says gently. He polishes off his beer, and Dean realizes he’s done, too, barely even noticed it. He probably should see someone about the drinking problem, too, but one crisis at a time. “M’gonna watch something. You staying up?”
“M’gonna fuck it up,” Dean says immediately. Mia waits, and Dean huffs out a laugh. “That’s pretty— that’s some pretty stereotypical fucked up guy shit to say, huh.”
“Oh,” Cas says, at the end. At the part where they kiss. Where Thelma and Louise kiss and drive a car off a cliff. He turns to Dean. He says, “You compared us to them, once.”
“Shit, Cas,” he huffs, low and half-disbelieving, as Cas grips his knees tight, uses them as leverage to mouth up his thigh. The unbelievable part of it is how blissed out Cas looks, like he’s the happiest he’s ever been, tongue pressed to Dean’s skin, nose in the crook of his thigh, God— “You like it, huh?”
Dean opens his eyes. Cas is looking at him. His clothes are so soft. He sits down on the bed, collapses, more like, knees giving out from right under him. “Yeah,” he whispers, and blinks, fast, before he starts crying and humiliates himself. “Oh Jesus, Cas.”
“Oh yeah? You really wanna hear about—” and Sam freezes, and Dean freezes, because they both know how that sentence ends.
Cas snorts. “I’m obviously in love with you,” he says, and he doesn’t even look at Dean when he says it. He says it like it’s a death sentence.
Maybe they’ll do all of that. Or maybe they won’t do any of it. No one to say one way or another, not anymore. No rules, no script, no story.
Mary watches her son’s mouth twitch, watches him swallow, and then toss back the cooled-down tea in his mug. He nods, decisively, as if the conversation is over, and then goes back to plugging wires into the back of her television set, leaning over to match wires to their corresponding plugs.
“Well, shit, don’t look too happy about it,” she says, and looks back out over Jody’s backyard, and settles. Dean knows she’s looking at Kaia, ‘cause nothing else makes her settle the way that girl does.
But he tries to make up for it. Cas texts him at the grocery store to ask if he can pick up flour, and Dean says
“Wasn’t right,” Dean goes on, trembling, realizing the truth of it as he says it, “makin’ you think— makin’ you think you had me, when I.” When I’m broken. When I’m a sadder sack of shit than even you could’ve thought — you who raised me, you who built me from dust. “When I don’t have that to give to anybody.”
He turns back to look at Cas again, who’s slumped against the table, all that taut, electric energy gone right out of him.
“Weirdly enough, you too,” Dean says. “I know we only got, what, five minutes on the clock, but… how’re you doin’? You’re all right, after everything?”
Dean closes his eyes, buries his face in the pillow next to Cas’s hip. That morning, Sam hadn’t said a word all through breakfast. Just ate his food, shoveling eggs in him like he’d been programmed to do it, hot coffee down the hatch without a thought to the temperature. He’d flinched when Dean walked in. Flinched again when Dean sat down.
“Nah,” Sam says. “I just— I dunno. Maybe it’s… it’s comforting to think that there’s… something. Maybe just other people. The universe.”
Sam shrugs. “I dunno. Might try to commit to— to learning more about, about witchcraft. Call up Max.”
When they’re done, Claire goes out to get their car parked a ten minute walk away, while Kaia and Castiel wait at the front door for them to pick them up.
Dean scrubs a hand over his face, sobbing, cursed all to hell with this thing inside of him that won’t let him go, this loss. Kansas sky, you’ve seen it all. Dean moved to Indiana after Stull because he couldn’t live in the state that took every last piece of his family, but no border will save him now, not after Cas. Cas will be gone no matter where Dean goes. “Were you really happy, just saying it?” he asks. “Or were you happy because you knew? Did you know I felt that way too?”
“Yeah.” A few other scumbags, every decade or so, back maybe eighty years, around when the paper mill that built this town first got started. Dean’s not exactly crying into his Ben & Jerry’s over it. “Look, man. What’s done is done. It’s got nothing to do with you, and even if it did, I know who I’d pick.”
ALSO: added warnings for homophobia (not just the baseline internalized stuff dean constantly has to work through) & some references to underage sex work.
“You know that I love you,” Cas says eventually. Dean tenses. Is he— in front of Sam— but then Cas continues, “Very, very much. Sam loves you much the same.”
Cas’s brow twitches down. “It bothers you,” he says. And then he tries, “I assure you, I’m well aware of gun safety protocol.”
His eyes close and Dean loses himself to it. Cas’s two fingers become three in his mouth, keeping him open, obscene, his tongue out and lapping at Cas’s fingers. Cas’s knee presses in, just a bit, against Dean’s dick and Christ, fuck, Dean’s hips jerk and his thighs squeeze, just a little, just enough to feel it as Cas keeps him in his place with that hand in his mouth, thumb catching at the outside of his jawline, God.
“You— you—” Dean chokes in a breath as Cas’s hand slides down his chest, his stomach, takes hold of his dick. Fuck. Even the pillow feels unbearably good against his skin, the slide of his hair against the back of his neck, Cas’s warmth— Cas’s hand tight around him, and Dean’s—
