insulting, Mike.”
Because he couldn’t – wouldn’t – snub him any longer.
Her phone pinged.
He has grown up, for fuck’s sake, he wasn’t the same cowardly silent teen he has been when Harry and him were still living together under their parent’s roof! Why should he care about people like Helen, Dave or anyone else really thought about Harry? Hasn’t he decided to get out of this fucking closet and accepting what he was? Hasn’t he texted Sherlock earlier, practically begging him to agree to a date with him?
As if he has sensed the turn Greg’s thoughts were taking, Mycroft glanced up at him, taking the time to dab his mouth with his napkin.
He instantaneously recognized the yew tree – he has seen enough photos of it thanks to Wikipedia.
It wasn’t the thrill of a case which has driven Sherlock to accept her client’s invitation.
It was completely terrifying.
She ran a nervous hand through her dark hair, biting her lip and smearing lipstick on her front teeth. The sight sent a flash of arousal straight down Irene’s spine.
Joan saw Sherlock being taken aback by her confession. But once she has started, she couldn’t stop.
“You can speak French?” John interrupted him.
A new life was waiting for him.
His voice sounds relaxed, but John knew him well enough to sense it was just a front.
“Since I’ve teased you for months… You won’t mind if I do that then.”
“Need help with something?” he asked, smiling at her.
But what has mattered at the end has been the fact that Sherlock has saved him, putting himself at risk for John’s sake.
“You know, if someone doesn’t accept you as you are… You’re not obliged to stay with him.”
And to think that these people won thousands of pounds every month with their online matchmaking services…
something will come again exercising their power and holding the reins, but at this moment, he was enjoying the quiet.
He stared at John for a little while, eyes brimming with such intensity that, despite Sherlock’s accusation, John found himself completely mesmerized by this gaze. He has never found his flatmate, friend, partner in crime – or rather against it – so beautiful than right at this moment.
And before John could move a finger, he has vanished out of sight.
“Would you look at the time!” Sherlock cried out before Angela could embarrass him further. “John, we’re going to be late for the…”
Greg licked his lips and forged ahead.
A delicious shiver ran down John’s spine when he remembered the classic scene of the spaghetti kiss – the two lovers accidentally nibbling their way into their first kiss.
And that’s why he spared no pains to draw him from time to time into cases and other mysteries he hoped would manage to keep his brother’s attention. Boredom was dangerous for Sherlock. Activity, combined with the close watch John seemed to keep over Sherlock, was the best solution.
He looked up, holding Sherlock’s stare.
She was still reeling from shock when the door suddenly opened in front of her.
“I’m afraid diplomacy and tolerance have never been Serge’s strong suit. You see, he has always resented me for being an “anomaly”, as he said. In his mind, people like me shouldn’t be allowed to exist. As soon as I became aware that I was born in the wrong body, I wasn’t shy of speaking about it and my brother couldn’t bear it. Therefore, he decided to punish me. For instance, he took great delight in proving me wrong or bringing me down every time he could. It wasn’t very surprising then I ended up holding him in abhorrence and distancing myself from him as soon as possible.”
She expected a cutting remark. All she got instead was a quiet “I know”.
“It has. Thanks to you.”
He didn’t even try to repress the long shiver running through him. He has never met someone like John – someone who seemed to have the ability to see him as he was, not as he should be according to society’s standards.
"Oh, I will, Sherlock. I will."
“I should… go. Thanks for…”
“Exactly what it means, Sir,” she slowly said, her tone making John gritting his teeth. “We only have one room left.” (She shrugged, glancing back at the computer screen.) “You’re lucky, as we’re usually full at this moment, as the end of the year festivities are in full swing…”
What I
No text. No missed call.
For a disturbing second the disgusting words his father used to hurl at him – with an increasing frequency after Harry has come out – resurfaced.
He was already looking up in his admirer’s direction when he remembered one of the few rules he has enforced for himself shortly after leaving home and coming here in London.
“Epic fail”, as the young ones would say.
He groaned when he glimpsed the hot pink hearts strewn everywhere, the glitzy banners fluttering above their heads and he couldn’t help but snort when he discovered the company’s motto on the little (hot pink heart-shaped) label on which he had to write his name before pinning it to his shirt.
John didn’t let the great prat finish. He took Sherlock’s large hands between his own – a simple gesture which was enough to silence his friend though – and looked up directly at him. Sherlock was frowning, having already overcome his surprise at John’s reaction.
As soon as he stepped in the room, suitcase in hand, John knew it was even worse than he has thought.
Dangerous for whom? The teenager didn’t seem especially afraid, laughing at John even when he has levelled a gun at him.
He remembered everything which happened that day.
A desire which has remained latent all these years he has deluded himself into thinking he was happily married – thank you Pamela for the wake up call, by the way – and which has grown more and more insistent since his divorce.
Greg watched, puzzled and a little bit mystified if he wanted to be honest with himself, Anthea swaggering out of the office’s antechamber.
Sherlock glanced at him.
What a funny story to tell them on Monday morning while waiting for their mug to be refilled at the coffee machine. And who could have blamed them?
The light, on the year’s last day, was shyly rising, casting a grey hue on Mycroft’s tired face. He delicately rubbed his eyes with his forefinger, wondering for the hundredth time why he has remained here, slumped back in this completely uncomfortable sofa while a perfectly appropriate bed was waiting for him in his flat.
“Rest assured, Detective…”
“John?”
“Ah! God knows you could use some help in that department!” Pam has claimed, a smile still blooming on her lips, before buying the figurine right away and giving it to him “as a gift”.
No, it couldn’t be her.
As he glanced up at her, trying to remember Jane’s features, the black messy cloud of her hair around her face turned into a mass of curls. Her smile became a smirk.
It was a bit his fault, he considered, for having chosen this particular club. It was well known for being a little more “meat market” than Sherlock’s usual dens. On the other hand, he was quite fond of the music.
The explanation died in his throat when he felt Sherlock’s hands low on his hips.
Gosh. What could smell so bad, he wondered.
The relief she felt when she heard familiar footsteps in the stairs was staggering.
“This safe has obviously a built-in web hacking tool. It’s using the local Wi-Fi network without a doubt. Interesting,” Sherlock said, standing up and pulling back a little, “I didn’t know the latest model of this kind of safe has been fitted out like this…”
“Sherlock, you can’t ask that. Molly… She doesn’t…”
He finally opted for a bag of crackers, pulling it out from one half-empty cupboard before coming back to his beloved sofa and glancing once again at the Bes statue.
Who was he kidding? Of course, he has been counting! Keeping a mental tally of the days since Mister Curls has been missing from
“Yeah, don’t worry.”
“You certainly like to tease me,” Sherlock retorted, trying to sound like she wasn’t affected and completely missing the mark.
And then he abruptly stopped, to John’s utter horror.
It’s all right, you told yourself. It’s all fine just as it is.
He swallowed hard, doing his best to chase away the thoughts running through his head, spurred on by this definitely-not-large-enough bed.
“Why… Oh for fuck’s sake, how many times do I have to tell you not to go through my things?” John said, his previous worry turning to annoyance. “There’s such a thing as privacy, you know!”
“But I want to, John. If you’ll let me.”
He wouldn’t have let him go for all the gold in the world.
“Lu… Lube…”
“No!”
“You’re sure?”
Something she has scrupulously observed until she met Molly Hooper, a former classmate of Sherlock.
Dark bark, twisted trunk, the tree had an aura of majesty and eternity around him, as if it could still live a whole hundred years. And thanks to the information John has gleaned on the web, it was perfectly plausible. He gave it a small smile, as if the yew tree was an ally upon he could rely in his quest to find Sherlock.
At this moment, he hated Sherlock with every fibre of his being for putting him in this tricky position – for giving him the choice between taking the plunge and contacting him or ignoring his call for help and throwing Sherlock to the dogs which were currently hounding him.
“Another cup of tea?”
“Sherlock has always been keen on solving mysteries, especially when they are not his concern,” he whispered.
“What are you waiting for then?” John teased, wriggling his hips before swiftly removing his shoes.
gave him a little smile in return, patting his hand once or twice before pulling back and looking away. Sherlock realized only then his hand has been clenched into a fist. He cleared his throat before turning again to Mrs Dubusson, who was watching them with an amused glint in her eye.
“It’s our wildlife area,” Hussein said, breaking the silence. “You will be amazed at seeing all the insects, birds and other beasts which have found refuge over there!”
Sherlock, dressed as usual in black from head to toe, was still smiling brightly at the stranger standing behind her when she spotted her friend.
John woke up with a jolt, spitting out the tepid water having infiltrated his mouth and his nose. He leant on his elbows, red-faced, mouth open to take in a deep lungful of air. It’s not until his heart beat again at a steadier pace, his uncomfortable arousal trickling out of his veins, that he realized what had happened.
The same man who silently offered John a cup of tea when he came back home after a long shift, too exhausted to make it himself.
God dammit.
John frowned.
Her heart breaking in a thousand pieces.
Joan groaned. Gosh, she has been a fool.
The inspiration came to him in a flash. He tried to type as quickly as possible his message with trembling fingers.
Inviting herself upstairs with a cup of tea, a carrot cake, glancing at him in a way she certainly considered as stealthy but which didn’t fool him in the least. Ready to pounce on the tiniest clue indicating he wanted to confide to her.
Irene took her courage in both hands.
“When you’ll finish ogling Tall Guy over there,” Mike said with an amused grin “you’ll tell me what I should do.”
All of them barely concealing, under a veneer of mockery, their fear and unease when they were coming face to face with Mycroft “You will do as I say” Holmes.
She sagged into the sofa cushions, tipping her head back against the back of her armchair.
John let out a deep sigh.
“And you didn’t think I could help you, then? You preferred catching him all on your own?”
An assertive touch, tracing invisible letters on his skin, inflaming every one of John’s nerves.
Sherlock snorted, relaxing his stance a little bit. He slumped back against the wall behind him, bending a slim leg until he could cross his ankles.
And yet John found he liked what he saw.
“Sarah please, don’t… I still can...”
And when, at the end of the day, he was sore all over, wincing in pain every time he took a step forward, John couldn’t be bothered complaining. It was a good kind of pain, bringing with it weariness which distracted him from his memories of Sherlock scattered all over the flat. He was sleeping better at any rate, his nightmares being reduced to mere shadows, not powerful enough to wake him up. He still endured bouts of depression and loneliness, but the idea of making a fresh start – even if finding a flat adequate for his needs with his modest means was quite difficult – helped him getting over it.
Of course, Sherlock was no innocent, despite what Mycroft still believed. He knew the power of seduction, has used it a few times before, when he was still courting Death with a single push of syringe. It has led him to some sticky ends that Sherlock still couldn’t remember without a flush of shame spreading across his cheeks.
Rosie is definitely not impressed. Not when the nice lady in the flat below theirs always comes up with sweets in her pockets – “Don’t tell your father, it’s our secret!”.
“Why, should I wait for an engraved invitation then?”
“And now sit up.”
He had been ensnared, lured into John’s blue-eyed trap.
“Oh yeah, your life is so hard!” she cried out in a high voice before dropping it. “Try walking in my shoes, don’t you, and see how it is before you come crying your heart out, hum? Try being out, not hiding where you are or the sex of your partner, and hearing a flat’s owner hanging up on you. Try walking with your girlfriend, wanting to take her hand in yours and not doing it because you’re afraid it’s not safe!”
“I didn’t need your help!”
New flat, new job.
Sherlock
Accepting this extraordinary man’s touch, his claim on him.
“Come on,
He clearly intended his remark as friendly, a teasing smile on his lips, but when he saw Mycroft’s face darken a little bit, Greg called himself a bloody fool.
and in the meantime... Why don't you enjoy an AU, slightly angsty (with a happy ending) story? Consider checking my other WIP "He's looking at you... again" - http://archiveofourown.org/works/13614678/chapters/31257855
“John?”
Her friend didn’t reply, holding her a bit tighter. Not that Joan intended complaining about the stifling embrace. On the contrary, she fully enjoyed the feeling of Sherlock’s tall, lean body against her own. It was an overwhelming experience, being so close to her and wanting so much more.
He didn’t try to hide his amusement when he said “Did you really have a cat?”
“Johnnn…”
It was obviously the wrong thing to say as John’s face clouded over. Sherlock felt despair creeping over him. Why couldn’t he say anything right anymore?
[I’M WAITING. SH]
(Hello, James Sholto.)
“Tell me, did you also bug my mobile?”
He would never forget his life with Sherlock, but maybe, as time went by, he could let it fade into the background.
What the fuck might he say to this?
He wasn’t really one to complain about the seemingly never-ending mountain of forms, permissions and other very formal as well as utterly dull documents to be filled in and signed, but every man had its limits and Mycroft Holmes felt he was entitled to some whining before he finally complied with the many rules governing the British bureaucracy.
John was strolling along the aisles of the grocery store, looking for Sherlock’s favourite tea – his lover has expensive tastes although he wouldn’t admit it under pain of death – when he heard his phone chiming.
“We currently have 50 plots, which have all been granted at the moment. Actually, I think Emma has received the next to last.”
She wanted to scream again her fury and disappointment at Sherlock, but what she heard, coming from her own mouth, was “I can’t do this.”
She couldn’t endure this long. Heat was engulfing her, setting her ablaze.
It’s too much. Too much and not enough at the same time.
She hated the fact he was right.
John has barely set foot in the tea hut when he heard “I think your landlady got herself a secret admirer!”
forget.”
He should have been over the moon at this opportunity, crying out with joy and rushing to the
Whatever motives have nudged Greg –
“William Sherlock Holmes,” he replies, savouring every syllable, “you owe me a whole speech…”
John moaned his name and it took every ounce of Sherlock’s self-control not to back him against the wall and to ravish him. He pulled back instead just enough to see John’s face. He didn’t let himself be distracted (much) by John’s hungry gaze or the way he was staring at his mouth.
With anyone else, Joan would have said “Mind the teeth!”. She hated her lovers leaving love bites where anyone could see them. It was bloody embarrassing and besides, it seemed to her that any bruise of this kind just screamed “YOU ARE MINE”. For someone who cherished her independence, it was just unbearable.
Joan was stroking absentmindedly Sherlock’s belly. Not yet ready for round three, but getting there.
He has forgotten the extraordinary power of feelings, especially when they awoke after a long sleep. To think the Work was giving him proof every day to the lengths people were going just to get what they wanted…
Salty tears on your cheeks as you gasp in pain, cruel laughter echoing in your ears.
“Pot kettle, Greg!”
John remained frozen. What should he do?
They started to talk at the same time.
John snorted. Right. He should really give up watching
“Tell me you booked two rooms.”
It was Sherlock.
His heart gave a painful lurch when he thought that tomorrow, at this hour, people would be laughing, dancing in the streets and kissing their loved ones while wishing them a Happy New Year.
“Damn you to hell, Sherlock, you and your assumptions! Am I only to serve when needed, then? Do you have somewhere a special list of situations which might be far too much for poor little me, according to which you judge it would be better to keep me in the dark and leave me here, fretting about what might happen to you?”
She gently reached out, curving her hand around Molly’s arm.
“In the end, he cottoned on to the whole thing a bit quicker than I expected him to do. He tried to jump me before running away, but Lestrade tackled him from behind. And I took the opportunity to make sure he would stay put.”
“When Pam gave it to me, all I wanted was throw it away and forget all about it. Do you know why I put it here, then?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I thought I was comple… completely pissed but since I can
“Encouraged by his victims’ silence – until now only two of them have pressed charges against their attacker – Mister Cox believed himself to be invulnerable. So he moved on to what he considered as his next challenge – me.”
Sherlock sighed.
With a chuckle, John raised his hand, attracting the bartender’s attention and ordering a second beer.
As if Sherlock has saved it somewhere in his new phone in anticipation of the day John would finally get in touch with him.
Greg did his best not to betray his thoughts but something must have transpired on his face, since Mycroft, after having glanced at him, relaxed a little bit, a shadow of a smile flickering on his lips. The DI bit the inside of his cheek, resisting the impulse to lean forward, drawing this lovely man in his arms and kissing him like there was no tomorrow.
He was looking for a man who, in the eyes of everyone, was dead and buried. Such cruel irony.
“I think your landlady got herself a secret admirer!”
It never has been.
”) a man in his mid-thirties vehemently repeating that he’s not gay while hopelessly infatuated with his very male flatmate.
Lestrade didn’t get the opportunity to reply. With a final venomous look, Sally removed her bulletproof vest before turning on her heel and striding away to join the rest of the team, gathered around the van where the “Copper Killer” was currently locked in.
lost, piece by piece, their power to harm him, Sherlock closed his eyes as much needed peace washed over him.
“Sherlock…”
He braced himself, ready to deal with the eventual insults coming from John’s lovely mouth.
Sherlock, who could shred anyone’s inflated pride or vanity with one of her barbs.
Rosie has never been so fast to put on a dress and smile in front of the camera.
A click followed and the upper part of the box suddenly popped out, revealing what was inside – the handle of a smaller case. But Sherlock didn’t really pay attention to it. How could he when all he was feeling was John’s hand on his, all he was hearing was his “Oh my God, you did it, you genius!”, all he was seeing was the overwhelming joy and pride in John’s blue eyes?
The same words he has told her four months ago, during a late night at Bart’s.
“I guess you’re not out, then.”
A resolve he has made a thousand times, only to break it as soon as he caught sight of John’s fair head.
It should do the trick.
Mycroft Holmes was startled out of his sleep by his mobile’s ringtone.
But he was never alone. He knew he could count upon his comrades-in-arms or, more recently, upon his flat mate and friend.
John was watching you like a hawk, eyes never leaving your face, your lips.
’s front window though. He wasn’t looking at the shop sign – a cheerful little bee, which was smiling brightly at the passers-by, inviting them to enter the pub and taste Ross’ honey-based drinks and other concoctions.
“Yep. I did.”
“Stop. Right. Now.”
John wasn’t perfect.
“Care to dance?”
“Well, it’s a bit embarrassing but… I found her intimidating.”
How could he have let himself believe that such a display of affection would have been welcomed by John Watson? Cheeks burning with embarrassment, he let go of John’s fingers, still caught between his, and tried to pull away. It was all right, he told himself, they could both forget it has ever happened and…
Again.
The bathroom door suddenly opens with a creak.
His Highness had smiled then -  a smile which didn’t reach his eyes.
What a nightmare he – or she, although John was betting on a man – must be.
As soon as he set foot in the main room, John knew he has made a huge mistake.
“Like what you see?” she asked with a flirtatious smile.
In the mood for an AU, slightly angsty (with a happy ending) story? Consider checking my other WIP "He's looking at you... again" - http://archiveofourown.org/works/13614678/chapters/31257855
“And all the times I have heard your pathetic “I’m not gay!” when someone was making fun of our friendship…”
“Whichever foolish idea you have concocted in your mind, I don’t want to hear it.”
Familiar goosebumps erupted over his skin as Gregory’s… -
voice pouring out comforting words, the only lifeline in the dark to which John hangs on with all his strength – “I’ve got you, John, I’ve got you and I won’t let you go. Not this time. I’m here, John. I’m here for you.”
“Will you…”
“I wasn’t gloating! I was distressed!”
“As your beloved?”
“Sherlock!” John cried out, pulling himself away from the kiss.
Truth was, he has done fine.
Sherlock looked nonplussed at John. Irene was expecting him to deliver a harsh answer, shooting down Former Soldier’s hope at the same time. But what she got was quite different – Sherlock’s ears turned red and John’s smile got wider.
I should have known that the wonder I felt when you started deciphering on the spot everything which could be known about me, finding so easily the key to all the riddles I’ve kept for myself, this very wonder was only the beginning.
He smiled for himself, turning away and walking to the kitchen.
He was content enough to play the role that Sherlock has knowingly set up for him and then he waited.
They stared at each other, twin smiles blooming on their lips. Their gazes were shining with such happiness Joan wanted to laugh. She leaned in instead, tracing a soft kiss on Sherlock’s mouth.
Bright clear eyes, a feverish glint in their gaze, unabashedly staring at him like he was something strange and wonderful at the same time.
You ruined me, played with my heart and trust, forcing me to watch you falling from this thrice damned building before appearing again suddenly, smiling like your death has been nothing but a great joke to my expense.
“What do you mean?”
And a full week for him to be able to look at Sherlock without blushing to the roots of his hair.
“I don’t think so, John” she has said with a smile which didn’t reach her eyes. “Now would be a good time to take them.”
A slight graze of fingernails, which made him shiver.
“You’ll be my good boy, won’t you, Johnny? The one I can rely upon…”
A good thing I always had a soft spot for hedgehogs and other prickly creatures, Greg thought.
“Didn’t you see the paper I left in your mailbox?”
John woke up with a jolt. He rubbed his eyes, glanced at the alarm. It took him more time than he was willing to admit in order to find out that he has slept uninterruptedly for eight hours. He couldn’t remember when it has last happened. His mind still fuzzy with sleep, he rolled over on his back. The warm nest of the sheets tangled all around him encouraged him to close his eyes and to rest again. John sighed. He has been dreaming, but the last traces were fading too quickly for him to be able to remember it.
I couldn't really leave this alone, could I? :)
He drew a sharp breath, instinctively lowering his voice.
“Fancy seeing you here,” Paul went on, a teasing glint in his baby blue gaze. “You still haven’t decided to move out of this pub?”
Sherlock groaned with discomfort. Why his treacherous mind has decided to focus on his companion rather than the harasser he was supposed to find among the Dating Game participants, he had no idea.
“Hello, brother.”
Joan couldn’t help her dopey smile.
“This fucker is observing us,” he drawled, noticing right away the slight hitch in John’s breath –
The illusion suddenly pulled back. Greg acutely felt the cold on his skin.
Panting for breath, heart beating triple time, she stared at her friend.
“Hey, Will! You’re still with me?”
He glanced at the mobile phone. At the phone number he has deduced.
Who has brought the question as regards Sherlock’s sexuality out into the open and aroused Joan’s jealousy.
Did they watch him crumble in front of Sherlock’s grave? Did they witness his moments of quiet despair, when he couldn’t find any motivation to carry on with his life, relying instead on the force of habit and the support of his few friends?
I’m sure you do. You can’t have forgotten the first time our gazes met in the St Bart’s lab. Sometimes, I can still hear Mike’s babbling on about the “good old days” while I was pretending to listen to him, dark thoughts running in my head.
John turned his head away, looking down at his drink. As usual, the thought that his not-so-secret admirer was back and was probably already watching him, perched on one of the high stools near the front window as he was wont to do, filled him with a completely paradoxical mix of elation and annoyance.
She blinked and made a visible effort to collect herself.
Finally.
“As a reminder never to let myself getting involved in something serious. Something which could leave me broken and battered and… I didn’t want it anymore.”
“From now on, I don’t play anymore by your rules.”
“Is something the matter, Patricia?” he asked when she was close enough to hear him.
He imagined himself flat on his back on the cracked leather, Sherlock’s mouth on his, his hands stroking him everywhere.
Another message – and from the same person, it seemed.
John felt a pang deep in his heart when he glimpsed Sherlock’s face thanks to the light of a street lamp. He could guess these gifts have been far and few between over the years. He instinctively came closer to Sherlock, wanting nothing more than to hold him in his arms and keep him there. He stopped himself in extremis, gritting his teeth.
He shook his head. The truth was, since Irene has so rudely interrupted the kiss…
No. He couldn’t stand another illusion, like those mirages he had sometimes glimpsed in Afghanistan.
“It seemed your brother has gone to great lengths to rise to your so-called challenge… and to pose one of his own to you in the process.”
“I don’t… I’m not used to…”
“You’re killing me.”
“That’s not…” Sherlock angrily started before stopping. Out of the corner of her eye Joan saw her friend nervously running a hand through her mop of curls. Time for the hairdresser, she absentmindedly mused, even if she did like it in this state – a bit longer and more disheveled than usual.
“And now, let me explain why we’re here tonight exactly…”
Will chose this moment to slightly bend down in order to speak to a man who was nervously looking around, offering John a truly incomparable view from behind.
John promised himself that once he has caught Mister-I-can’t-hear-you-right-now, he would have a few words to say to him.
Truth was they haven’t yet succeeded in pinning the harasser’s profile down. Some things about the way he operated remained unclear and it was bothering him.
... Yes, i'm still alive :) Took me quite a long time but  here is the sequel :)
“You asked me earlier why I came here… Do you know you have Sherlock to thank for it?”
And the situation has remained that way until Max Adler has appeared in their life.
He hasn’t obtained his DI badge by turning tail and running away at the first hurdle, after all. Besides, if there was one field on which Greg prided himself on being an expert, it was his capacity of sizing up Mycroft’s mood at one glance.
“Greg…”
“What’s the problem?” he asked.
It was only when Sherlock took a step back, her face betraying her discomfort at the idea of being touched, that Joan stopped.
“What do you want?”
Enough, he thought. It’s over.
He didn’t stop in the lobby, going on his way until he was outside, wintry air cooling his face.
He’ll never find what he was looking for here.
He got back on his feet, trying to ignore – with mixed results – his landlady who was currently wearing a pout worthy of a sulky four-year-old. He could sympathize with her – as far as he was able to feel something these days.
When the cab dropped him off in front of the 221, John was a mess. The driver’s large smile told him that in his haste to get out of the car, he has paid him far too much. John gripped the handle of his walking stick. He would care about this later. Right now it was time to face the music – and discover what was hidden behind the 221’s door. He was taking a step forward when he heard behind him “Hello, John.”
John didn’t bother replying. Instead he tapped with trembling fingers on the message still blinking before him.
(yeah, I know, I have a weird mind...)
The rest was lost in his throat when the train moved off again with a rush. John found himself being jostled directly towards Sherlock. He caught hold of the backrest just in time to stop himself from colliding with his friend.
He rubbed his tired eyes before reaching out for his mobile he has left on the coffee table. But before he could press the “Call” button, the phone stopped ringing.
Fighting the temptation to do so, he resolved to put away first the groceries. He was sorting out the tomatoes when the phone chimed.
“I don’t have to justify myself to you…”
He cried for what he has lost, for what could have happened, for the life he has shared with the man he was still in love with, for all the possibilities which died with Sherlock, when he fell to his death.
For sole answer Mycroft raised an impatient eyebrow and Greg finally relented.
Mycroft didn’t answer right away, glancing first at himself, then at Greg.
When Sherlock stormed out of the
“That’s when I kicked him in the balls.”
“We believe, Mummy and I, that it’s high time you make himself useful.”
That they were looking for the mysterious avengers who have attacked them in Eastern Europe.
“John, I solemnly vow I will never take the trouble to remember the name or whatever it is to know about your dates.”
“Well, why don’t you get us a drink before the second round of the Dating Game starts, hum? And in the meantime, I’ll look for Casanova over there…”
Goodness, he has nearly forgotten Greg’s self-appointed task to come to Mycroft and try to talk him into letting Sherlock and John come back to London. He swallowed hard as he decided to call the DI. If only it could mean he didn’t have to share a single bed with Sherlock tonight…
“He prefers to text,” Ross has said. It was quite obvious right now.
“I want you in my bed, yes. I also want you in this sofa, when we’ll cuddle together while watching telly. I want you in my kitchen, looking all prim and proper while I’ll prepare breakfast and pour you a cup of whatever you drink in the morning. I want you by my side on the street, whether you’ll let me hold your hand or not, it’s not important and…”
“Sh’lock?”
John was staring at him, unable to turn his head away, even if he was sure that Sherlock would be able to read him like an open book. The detective watched him for a moment, his warm breath wafting over John’s face, his eyes shining with an yet-unseen emotion.
For sole answer, John moved his hips in a slow, sensuous roll. He let out a loud groan when he felt the hard, rigid line of Sherlock’s cock, still imprisoned in his impeccably ironed trousers, against the small of his back.
wrong it was almost laughable.
This time, Anthea let out a fond laugh before shaking her head.
But it was much too late to feel anything of this kind. Fiery passion got him in its clutches and John didn’t want to get free.
John heard what he didn’t dare to say.
While he, John, was still alive.
“Make me yours, Sherlock.”
John opened his mouth before shutting it.
During a second he was tempted to phone Lestrade and tell him everything. Only the fear of being laughed at – the memory of derisive “Freaks” uttered by Donovan made him cringe – held him back.
She would trust Sherlock. She would trust her friend, who certainly wouldn’t waste any time in taking Mister Conceited down a whole series of pegs.
Martha, his cane still raised in his direction, raised an eyebrow and looked at him belligerently.
“You all right, mate?”
He should already be there, getting in touch with the museum’s administrators and dazzling John with his deductions.
It was brilliant – and mad as well, like all brilliant ideas are.
“… What?”
[Must have access to the body. Text me as soon as you are given the go-ahead. SH]
He knew it was a serious breach of privacy, something that will make John annoyed with him to say the least (if he discovered it, of course) but he desperately needed a distraction, anything to keep his scrambled, lusty-befuddled mind off the near-kiss.
“You might have told me, you know. Before I came across that and was scarred for life!”
“God forbid. And you know it’s Greg, don’t you, you cheeky bastard?”
John’s heartbeat, already elevated after his running after Sherlock, got even higher when his friend took a step forward, closing the gap between them, and leaned in.
His hand sped up.
John’s smile looked more like a grimace.
Next to Patricia, who was greeting the participants, was standing a real Adonis.
“Very well,” he conceded. “That’s… very kind of you.”
Nearly midnight.
“I… forgot something in the lobby,” he hastened to say, his hand already turning the door’s handle, “back in a sec!”
Sherlock scowled, slowly walking back up the slope, still lost in his thoughts.
Weeping cocks sliding against each other, tongues lavishly licking into their mouths… They couldn’t last. And when John felt Sherlock’s middle finger stroking and probing his entrance, he quickly retorted “Do it. I want you to.”
He could already feel the aching muscles getting warm and relaxed again. He lazily stretched out his arm to grasp the glass of red wine waiting for him on the nearest shelf. The slightly bitter tang of alcohol on his tongue, mixed with an unexpected fruity sweetness, reminded him of his first night at Angelo’s, when…
“Yes!” Greg stumbled over the sofa, holding on to the back. “See, my ex gave it to me as…a joke, saying that we looked alike.”
Together.
He had to change.
“Who…”
“Oh hush John, my doctor said I need to take exercise,” she replied, hobbling in the flat before perching on the edge of a seat, while John closed the door behind her and relieved her of the crutches. “Besides, my sister is driving me spare, I’m more and more tempted to strangle her. I definitely need some time off!”
Being suddenly doused with icy cold water would have had the same effect.
He chuckled humourlessly.
John froze.
She rolled her eyes.
“Okay, I get it, you’re not fond of cupcakes… A right shame, I wouldn’t have minded one!”
John chases out the “why?” which have already started piling into his mind. There would be a time for answers. Not now, though. Not when he has barely begun to realize he didn’t lose him, after all.
“No. We’re in the same room and, if I want to sleep tonight, I’m definitely going to share the bed with him.”
He couldn’t help snorting at the idea of firing a shot at some unfortunate mouse for the sake of a few tulips. A sure way to find himself locked away in an institution.
God only knows what Sherlock might deduce from all this.
The next day found John messing nervously around in his flat. In a valiant attempt at distracting himself – and to avoid thinking of his maybe-date with Sherlock – he cleaned his bedroom from top to bottom before tackling his sorry kitchen/living room combo. He was in the middle of vacuuming the only carpet when he realised what he was doing.
He should call.
After fumbling with the too many options of the phone – hello again, depressing thought – he finally understood what has set off the alarm.
He was even more stunning from where John was standing.
“He’s calling for you, isn’t he? Go on, hang up!”
“No. They were… interesting. A bit mad, to be honest, especially when you speak about your experiments.”
John couldn’t tear his eyes away from it.
“Oh, you think you’re in command, here?” Sherlock said, raising an eyebrow. “Let me correct you…”
You watch him.
It was a love letter.
John makes a choice while UST is slowly developing...
“But I’d rather like you in my bed.”
You’ve become softer, Sherlock, at least for me.
Mike rolled his eyes before grasping John’s wrist and pulling him forward. The gesture was so sudden John nearly stumbled against the (hot pink heart-shaped) table. Good thing he has got rid of the bloody walking stick, he thought, before protesting.
Sherlock didn't manage to completely smother his smile. It was a thing of unexpected beauty, like the moon coming out from under the clouds and blessing them with its silvery light. John stared at him, completely enthralled.
“You’re everything to me.”
Irene stared at her, flabbergasted. Molly saw her look on her face and misinterpreted it.
“No one has asked for your opinion, Gerald,” Sherlock has cut him off. “Now are we free to go or do you really want to spend your Friday evening with us?”
“No, no, not this time, Mister ‘I can deduce you in a single look!’”
Sherlock’s first impulse was to reply something sarcastic and sharp enough to rebuff the little man who dared to challenge his methods of investigation. But he forced himself to consider his unexpected companion, who has declared him “Brilliant” when others would have insulted him. His struggle to keep his indifferent, slightly amused front was etched into every line of his face. Deep down in his blue eyes, the spark of interest – and not a carnal one this time, although it was never far from John’s thoughts as far as Sherlock was concerned – the thrill of danger was shining.
“Lestrade, you’re not making any sense...”
He was well and truly fucked.
How he has missed the sweet rush of adrenalin!
A long, suffering groan reached his ears before the DI spoke again.
Tipsy, he would say.
Staring at the flames dancing in the grate, John felt he was standing at a crossroads – either he decided to stay here, hoping against all odds for some kind of miracle. Or he could accept the unavoidable fact – Sherlock was dead.
Of course, the man was handsome – John would dare to say “attractive” – and if he had been free to jump into bed with him, he would have done so in a heartbeat.
It was a young man – a teenager, really. He stared at John with a little knowing smile on his lips, as if he kept a secret John was unaware of. He shrugged.
He only wants to feel.
John let out a weary sigh before pulling back a little.
, she viciously replied.
“Spoiler alert, Mycroft”, Sherlock had cut in, using an expression John had taught him a few days before. “He’d feel even better if you just go away now.”
He heard himself replying in a bland voice
Sherlock bit his lip. Should he take another risk and come clean to this man who has so far always managed to surprise him? Should he lie and divert the conversation onto more neutral subjects?
“What are you waiting for? Come in!”
“Yes, if what he said is true. But you don’t understand Serge’s motives in doing so. (She turned to Sherlock.) Can you please translate the rest of the letter for your friend?”
Such bullshit.
Great. She was mumbling like a schoolgirl on her first date now.
Hands stroking, squeezing, fondling, never being able to stay put.
“Very well, Miss Hooper. I won’t trouble you anymore.”
“I’m tired, Sherlock. We’ll talk about it in the morning. Or later.”
Sherlock remained silent, but managed to give a slight nod.
Enduring sitting at the dinner table, even when he wasn’t feeling hungry.
It has been said in a perfectly nice way.
Mycroft remained frozen on the spot, his thoughts derailing completely as he heard Sherlock moaning about “his state of mind” at the other end.
“Did you talk to Mycroft?”
“What do you think of a bet? Something to spice up the dreary evening that we have to spend here?”
He has chickened out at the last moment and judging from the look Sherlock was giving him, he has noticed it.
“And you know it, you bastard!”
Years later, Papa lets it slip he also burned down this damned photo, when Daddy was not looking.
Sentiments were chemical defects.
As soon as he read the first words, he was completely dazed.
In truth, she liked Sherlock as she was.
But with John, it was more than the simple appeal of flesh. As soon as Sherlock has set eyes on him, he has been trying to puzzle out the delicious and captivating enigma the medicine student represented. A man blending so successfully among others, laughing and talking with them and no one could see what Sherlock has glimpsed right from the start – the hidden face.
He didn’t pay any attention to the room’s general decoration, from the colour on the walls to the little, tastefully-framed paintings, each one depicting the peaceful beauty of the Loire Valley. His whole attention was instead focused on the bed in the middle of the room. A very large bed, the receptionist has said, he remembered, feeling a fiercely ironic laugh bubbling in his throat. Well, he wasn’t aware of the French standards as regards the length – and especially the width – of beds, but he would never have considered the one under his eyes as very large.
“Wait a minute,” John interrupted him. “How do you know I’m a doctor?”
You don’t? Damn you, Sherlock, you can’t have her deleted again! Not when I get thrice a week in her office, cooling my heels in her waiting room.
She let out a mirthless laugh.
A confession which left John shaken to the core. No need to ask to whom this “him” referred. He swallowed several times before answering “You’re allowed to miss him, you know. You also were his friend.”
“Sherlock…”
But the horrifying idea that somehow Harry was able to read on his face everything he has been up to these last weeks – including, especially, the text he has just sent to Sherlock – remained in his mind, floating around like a particularly threatening jellyfish.
How he has missed this deep baritone. John nuzzles up to him. Sherlock’s fingers tighten on his skin.
He smothered a sigh. He knew Lestrade didn’t mean any harm, trying to take his mind off his loneliness and the grief he still felt.
“Sherlock!”
,” he said, emphasizing these two words and not missing the shiver running down Sherlock’s spine when he heard these, “you have a mystery to solve.”
His gaze was suddenly drawn to this sentence – “
“Stop teasing the poor man!” she cried out, bringing a wave of good-natured laughter among the other volunteers. “Don’t worry, John, it’s a lovely bouquet! I’m sure Emma would love it.”
Cases which hit a bit too close to home.
Reaching the row of mailboxes, the dark wood glistening after the last shower, he found straight away what has aroused the curiosity of the community garden’s team.
This time, John swiftly kicked him in the shin while he apologetically smiled at Mrs Dubusson.
Damn the man and his inflated ego.
Trying not to give himself away but unable to resist the pull any longer.
“That’s our Johnny!” Helen cheered, her bright red talons grazing the sleeve of his jumper in a gesture which made him suddenly shudder with repulsion. “He’s a good friend of us and because of that, he’s going to buy the next round!”
If there was anything still worth talking about, she thought.
Honestly, if the message hasn’t been hidden between the pages of the latest post-mortem report she has received, she would have doubted that it came from Sherlock.
“I mean texting people. Well, technically, it’s not true, I text Lestrade and Molly, but that’s not the same and…”
“He told me you enjoyed solving mysteries. As well as giving chase to criminals.”
His companion seemed to enjoy him looking taken aback, because he took a step forward, right into Sherlock’s space and leant in, whispering “I don’t have a brilliant mind like yourself, but I still remember this old fable, you know
“He may have introduced this powder from the start. You will have no way to know if it has already been there before the box caught fire,” Sherlock stated.
But first she would tell him what she really thought of his behaviour.
This time, he received the full how-dare-you-speak-to-me-like-that Sherlockian glare. Someone else wouldn’t have noticed it, but John was much too attuned to his friend’s expressions to ignore the glint of hurt and disappointment shining in the otherwise steely gaze boring into him. He suddenly regretted bringing this up in the Tube. The very idea of strangers being able to witness Sherlock’s vulnerability was enough for his protective instinct to raise its head.
“Sherlock Holmes,” he repeated just because he could. Nobody was listening to him, after all.
It was Sherlock’s voice.
“OK, I’ll think about it, how does it sound, hum?”
It was one of his favourites, a well-used memory of one of his sexual encounters when he had been on leave. He has pulled her at the bar, a waitress called Jane who has set his senses and his cock on fire with her flirty smiles and even more flirty comments.
“Sherlock…”
“You’ll pay for this, you know,” Sherlock darkly muttered as he tried to delete as quickly as possible the frankly horrifying vision which has sprung to his mind as soon as he heard John’s words. John shot him an unrepentant grin.
“You said earlier you came here, hoping to explore… other options.”
The descriptions as regards Amboise and the Clos Lucé are accurate enough, I had the pleasure to visit them last summer and if you got the opportunity to see the city as well as the sights it can offer, go for it!
She was getting nervous. Joan put her forefinger on Sherlock’s mouth.
He shook his head, trying to clear his mind.
He focused on the first gif, the yew carving. Come to think of it – didn’t it look like a London cab? A thought which made his heart constrict in his chest, as he remembered his first adventure with Sherlock – the woman dressed in pink, lying on the floor, the missing suitcase and the murderous driver…
John felt himself blushing.
He was heading for the door when his gaze fell on a crumpled ball of paper. John certainly intended to throw it in the wastebin next to the doormat, but he has missed his goal and it seemed he didn’t have the time – or the energy – to make a second attempt.
Kisses - Oh the kisses!
“I could bend you right now on the first surface available and you would let me take you, wouldn’t you John?”
Until you met John Watson.
“Sherlock.”
“Come on, come on, don’t let me down…” he whispered.
Has she just made some kind of sexual innuendo?
fantasies…”
“Don’t be silly,” he whispered, a smile on his lips. “As if I could forget my blogger.”
John frowned.
John felt his cheeks heating up.
However, as John was now stroking his member a bit more quicker, his fantasy suddenly derailed.
“Okay, okay. No need to get shirty with me. I just wanted to tell you not to wait for me tonight…”
“All right, Johnny?”
Only silence answered him and John smothered a sigh.
He shook his head, trying not to be disturbed by the mental images this letter has conjured.
He made a conscious effort to get rid of this memory. If only he could delete them…
Sherlock gritted his teeth, barely refraining from pointing out – in an extremely acerbic voice – how this statement hasn’t turned out to be true. Lestrade, always the peacemaker, shot him a glance, no doubt begging him mentally to shut up for once, before turning to his colleague.
“Did I by chance catch you unawares? If that is the case, it’ll be an occasion to remember. I don’t think it has happened since you celebrated your seventh birthday…”
“Touché. And on this final word…”
And then there was Lestrade’s story. Moriarty’s allies and minions being attacked before trying to retaliate here, in London…
A shiver ran down Mycroft’s spine as he was forcefully reminded of Sherlock’s least glorious moments. Granted, they’ve all happened before John came into his life, but Mycroft was under no illusions as regards his brother’s unfortunate relationship with drugs – the temptation will always be there.
“I… I have to tell you something.”
“Rosie, hey Rosie! Look at me baby!”
John would sleep better now and maybe with a bit of luck, he would even forget the memory of Sherlock’s gaze meeting his.
He didn’t dare saying it aloud. Irrationally afraid that Greg was going to laugh at him, mock him for saying that he wanted a…
Voice rough with desire, she murmured “Tell me what you want”.
“I will decide what is necessary and what is not. Take off your blouse.”
Sherlock smirked before switching off his phone. He seemed to have touched a sore spot of his associate with this deduction.
And he especially shouldn’t get his hopes up as regards tonight.
All their hopes, their pet peeves, what they wanted (or not) to find in a life or one-night partner… and nothing has aroused her suspicion.
But which kind of message do you send to a man considered to be dead?
after all, but a canon of perfect human proportions?
John leant heavily on his cane, slowly climbing the stairs up to 221b. Sherlock has gone upstairs ahead of him, only crying out “Going to take a shower, make yourself at home!” before vanishing in the bathroom.
“Hush! Where’s your sense of adventure, doctor Watson?” Sherlock replied as he impatiently put his shoe on John’s knee, ignoring his protest – “You could have wiped out your shoes before, you know!” – hauling himself up in an apparently effortless move onto the wall’s top.
, Leonardo’s last house.
“What?? But why? Oh my God, I hope you haven’t made things even worse for Greg…”
Their puffy, red lips, the colour high in their cheeks, the longing and the lust in their eyes.
Before it could pull back, Greg put both hands on his arm.
Mike came closer, red-faced with excitement, beaming like a young boy who has been told there was no school today. Quite obviously he didn’t share the same reservations as John.
Greg did then what he has wanted since he has laid eyes on his visitor. He raised a hand which was trembling a little bit until it rested against Mycroft’s cheek. His heart was racing in his chest, he didn’t know why, but it truly didn’t matter. His thumb lightly stroked against the prominent cheekbone. He felt rather than heard the illusion’s little sigh while enjoying the moment to the fullest. He stared at the other’s face, trying to commit each detail to memory – the almost non-existent rasp of his stubble, apart from the few hairs having escaped the razor; the straight, long nose; the way his eyelids were fluttering close, as if he didn’t dare letting down his guard; The thin lips about which Greg has fantasized more than once.
“It’s not important. John… What you said…”
He cried until the water of his bath definitely lost its warmth; until all what could come out of his mouth was dry hiccups.
– before answering
And on the heels of that voice came another one, softer and sterner at the same time.
In reality, they have ended up fucking furiously a good part of the night, morning finding them completely spent.
(See the end of the chapter for
And you were right.
“He’s basically dripping with unrequited lust.”
I'm away for a few days so... I'll try updating as fast as I can when I'm back!
“That’s even better, I’m a lovesick teenager now!”
“Sherlock,” she replied, spitting the beloved name.
Greg let out a noncommittal noise.
Reluctantly Irene gave him a nod, receiving a quick smile in return.
He recognized the cry for what it was – a plea for help.
Of course, in the immediate wake of Sherlock's fall and demise – in which he has never believed, thank you very much – it was easy to pretend.
Testing the waters, John lightly stroked with a finger the back of Sherlock’s hand.
They never recognized the importance of the man who has saved their own little lives a thousand times over without them being aware of that fact.
a lightweight, you know.”
“Sherlock…”
She flashed him her meanest smile. She was pleased to see him swallowing hard in reaction.
He felt his cheeks heating up and his heart started to pound in his chest.
And without missing a beat, Sherlock dropped on his knees.
Not right now, anyway.
He – or was it a she? He couldn’t be sure – finally entered his field of vision. John screwed up his tired eyes, trying to commit to memory every detail, from the height of the stranger – around six feet – to his clothes – jeans and hoodie – and his gait. It was this characteristic which puzzled John. The intruder didn’t try to be especially stealthy. On the contrary he was strolling around as if the garden belonged to him, stopping here and there to examine a plant or something else. John frowned. He couldn’t imagine someone belonging to Moriarty’s network, whether a spy or a mercenary, behaving in such a way. It simply didn’t add up.
Goodness.
This voice.
“Dare what, Sir?” she said in a soft voice before leaning in. “Because if you’re speaking of the handsome Detective Inspector you’re shamelessly ogling each time he’s requesting your presence for a so called ‘Sherlock crisis’, I must admit then I dared approving his coming up right now.”
He abruptly stopped when he discovered Ross planted in front of the posh man, who has sat before next to Mister Curls. Judging from the tension emanating from both of them, they weren’t having a friendly chat.
Joan nodded, unable to look away from Sherlock’s feverish gaze.
Even cursing against his own stupidity didn’t distract him from the overwhelming silence spreading around him.
A warm rush has spread across John’s chest and he knew he was smiling a bit goofily at Sherlock.
I promised I would finish this, didn't I? :) But fear not, I still got some adventures in store for our boys before ending this story. In the meantime, enjoy!
Irene smirked.
Sherlock was certainly doing wonders for his fickle-since-his-return libido.
“Don't play the innocent, it doesn't suit you."
John could practically hear “I thought we were friends!” in a whining voice. He tried not to show his amusement.
It hasn’t been real.
He froze.
And he wasn’t having actual sex – not with another person, at least.
“Most probably GHB,” Sherlock answered, still getting his breath back. “That scum tried to drug a woman at the bar.”
Will looked hard at her hand before stepping back out of her reach.
John suddenly let out a strangled sound, clearing his throat awkwardly afterwards and Sherlock frowned.
“What he meant was…” he started but his attempt was nipped in the bud by their hostess’ laugh. She shook her head, visibly amused, before putting down both glasses in front of them.
He tensed at the thought worming his way into his mind – what if he has just blown every chance he might have had with Sherlock?
“Shhh. It’s all fine. Really. (In the darkness, a large hand finds one of his, holding it tight.) Trust me.”
“Stop it, you two,” Lestrade snapped. “I don’t need your…”
Sherlock drew back, one hand on John’s hip, the other aligning his cock before pushing in slowly. John gritted his teeth before doing his best to relax. He heard himself moaning and Sherlock answered in kind, each one lost in pleasure. He pumped his cock slowly in and out – a delicious torture which made John’s fingers clenching the blanket, his open mouth letting out incoherent sounds. He has forgotten how much he loved being in this position, vulnerable and incredibly powerful at the same time.
Softness and vulnerability.
John felt his face colouring, as he put his palm against Sherlock’s.
But no, his Highness Mycroft had to call upon them, turning up at their flat like some malevolent deity, riling up Sherlock and exchanging barely veiled barbs with him, until John, annoyed at this interruption and fed up with this display of brotherly animosity, had snapped at him
A struggle which has been abruptly concluded a few months ago, when John has decided to take advantage of Sherlock’s absence one evening to settle on his bed and enjoy a good, leisurely long wank. He got everything ready – the towel underneath him so not to stain his sheets, the lube and especially the wank fantasy he was going to use.
A slow smile creased Sherlock’s lips.
She shrugged.
A rhythmic, slick sound followed – precome was easing Sherlock’s way.
“…  now you’re calling me “
Three minutes to bear with Kelly’s tale of woe.
I've updated the tags to avoid that anyone might be caught unawares but I'll repeat here - Trigger Warning !
You’ve waited nearly forty years before finding your one and only, what’s one more day, one more week, especially when you know now that you love and that you’re loved?
“Don’t mention it. And if you prefer flirting with Mister
He swallowed heavily. Every time he told himself he should text Sherlock “Sorry, I can’t” or some similar bullshit, he thought of the man’s persistency in sending him messages, giving him random glimpses in his life.
“Yeah, right. I forgot I’m an idiot.
"Who sent that text," Sherlock softly said.
Was it at uni? Or somewhere else? What were the first words we exchanged?
He couldn’t believe it.
“Do you think he’s in danger?” Molly asked, already fretting over his friend.
“Patricia – I mean, Irene – and I created our own detective agency, “Adler & Holmes” six months ago. We have our clients,
The woman next to him, who was observing them with amusement, gave her colleague a slight nudge in the ribs.
Shy, fleeting glances at the other, tongue licking lips in a nervous gesture, aborted sentences, anxious little laughs.
His record wasn’t spotless – far from it, actually.
Joan suddenly stopped on the last step, her head lightly tilted, listening very carefully to Sherlock’s answer. Thank God for their flat’s door which has been left ajar.
“Oh, I’m sure you’re clever enough to solve this riddle,” Ross replied in kind. His gaze suddenly hardened. “And your brother is way more than a mere customer for me. He has helped me when I was in a terrible mess, storming his way in one day and revealing to me how my former bastard of business partner was embezzling the
“Detective…”
They stumbled in their room, whispering very loud “Shhhhh!” and stealing kisses when they thought the other wasn’t expecting them – a completely silly game. John was feeling giddy with excitement, happiness fizzing in his whole body like bubbles of champagne. He was so sure Sherlock and him, entwined as they were right now, have discovered somehow the way of negating gravity and floating high above the ground he was honestly surprised when he tripped against an unseen bump underneath the hotel’s carpet.
, she typed.
And before he could stop himself – Harry’s voice started laughing in his head – he heard himself uttering “Listen…”
While making love to John’s neck and ear, licking him, branding him as his, Sherlock’s left hand has crept leisurely downwards, rubbing through the thick fabric of John’s woollen jumper his collarbone, his nipples before drawing insistent circles on his stomach. John has instinctively tried to pull in the soft padding on his belly before calling himself an idiot. Who was he trying to impress? It was Sherlock, who knew him like the back of his hand, not some one-night conquest! He let go of everything, garbled sounds echoing in his half-open mouth while waves after waves of pleasure were crashing into him, running over on another until John was nothing else than a total wreck, trembling under Sherlock’s touch.
“OH MY GOD!”
I saw the blood. His lifeless gaze. I even took his pulse for God’s sake! John thought.
No wonder Hussein and the others were joking about a secret admirer. However, John knew better. The person who has left this bouquet was the same who has slipped earlier in the week the wooden little car, with “J.H.W” carved on it, in his mailbox. He would have staked his life on it.
“Stop it.”
Sherlock’s hands wandered again all over his body – his tight arse, the strong lines of his back, the nape of his neck. John gave as good as he got, caressing, touching, squeezing.
“Brilliant,” he whispered before dashing to the tea hut, where he knew a plan of the whole garden was pinned up on the wall.
“But you love danger, don’t you, Captain?”
“Room seven, first floor. Have a nice stay, gentlemen,” she declared, her expression leaving no doubt as to this wish’s sincerity.
Sherlock closed his eyes, cursing himself for betraying such weakness in front of his brother.
He turned his head, biting on Sherlock’s neck.
But before she could resume her speech, Molly spoke again.
From their hotel, it was easy to reach Amboise’s historical centre – barely a 15-minute walk. As they were walking side by side on the bridge stepping across the Loire river, John heard tourists admiring the truly amazing view with the old castle towering above the city. Most of them were taking pictures, looking for the best point of view from which they could catch Amboise’s quite riveting sights.
No need to turn her head, Rosie can hear the smile in her Papa’s voice – a smile not unlike the Cheshire cat’s of
He ignored Sherlock’s ironic snort.
There was such sincerity in his gaze Sherlock found himself stripped of all his defences. He lowered his head, peering at his hands trembling on the
and everything it has once represented in Sherlock’s eyes – promise of love and friendship – behind him. It has turned out to be nothing else than a dream, after all.
A comfortable silence was stretching between them until John collected his thoughts and asked “Did I hear you…?”
“Oh please, Johnny. We both know what you were thinking.”
Granted, the man didn’t seem to have any friend, but surely he got acquaintances. Past lovers, maybe.
“Tell me what happened.”
Hang on. Wasn’t it also…
A mischievous twinkle appeared in Hussein’s eyes.
Gregory has begged him so endearingly… How could he have resisted?
“I’d say two months, more or less.”
A very familiar laugh.
One more time, Sherlock thought before crossing the street.
“Go on, take a look!” Hussein said, grinning like the Cheshire Cat himself.
Blood has roared in John’s ears, screaming “Mine!” and he has impulsively reacted, walking to the DI with the urge to stress Sherlock’s importance as a friend.
The door was unlocked in a second and a furious, lightly dishevelled Sherlock appeared. John had time to glimpse his blazing eyes, his flushed cheeks and lips - has he bitten them? – before he was drawn into a possessive embrace and snogged within an inch of his life.
If he wanted to see Sherlock again, he had to find a way to contact him.
“No problem! You will let me know if you want to join in?”
He nervously glanced at him.
He obtained a chuckle in reply.
Without any surprise, the trip to Egypt has been the final nail in the coffin of his marriage to Pam. They broke up a few days later, Greg fleeing their house in Lambeth and taking Bes with him as a very concrete reminder never to let himself be trapped into a relationship again.
You repeated yourself it was too late, there were too many missed opportunities, too many things left unsaid. You were careful, so careful with him. With everyone, really. You behaved like a coward, you knew that, but you were so afraid.
Once he has caught sight of it, he couldn’t let it go.
It burst forth from her mouth before Irene could think of it. She felt herself flushing while Molly stared at her wide-eyed.
A physical pull he was struggling against, never admitting its existence even when he was alone with his thoughts.
John flushed crimson while a dopey smile was creasing his lips.
Noticing how John looked at him, startled, before coming to his senses and wrenching his eyes away.
And – at least in Anthea’s case – greatly enjoying the seduction game she was regularly playing with the ladies she met after work or during the weekend.
“You should be.”
“Because there are too many temptations for your stomach or because you don’t understand Italian?” Sherlock asked, trying to hide his amusement in his glass of wine.
“Tell me, John…”
Tension suddenly rising, a nearly suffocating silence falling on both of you.
He only glanced at the kitchen before beating a hasty retreat.
You were a dangerous man, Sherlock Holmes. And I loved every second I spent with you.
Then why was it so difficult to forget what he has just seen – no, strike that, what he has
“But…”
“You know, in the language of flowers, every one of them has a special meaning. I only know some of them, mind you, there’s much too many for me to remember… But when you offer a red camellia to someone, you might just as well say you’re in love with her.”
“You can stay here,” he carried on. “I’ll be sure to pass Mycroft your regrets, although I’m sure he’ll be quite busy and won’t really care after all you haven’t bothered to show up…”
“A very commendable initiative. However, I fail to see why you’re telling me this.”
“Try coming out to your parents, waiting for them to acknowledge you and never having this fucking chance!”
“Yes.”
Sherlock hauled him up, John hastening to find a foothold until he could sit on the wall’s top. He was ready to let himself fall on the other side, following Sherlock blindly as usual, but the detective didn’t let him go, tightening his grip on John’s hand.
His heart gave a lurch when he glimpsed at the bottom of the page a phone number. A mobile phone number.
“The Fibonacci sequence,” Sherlock guessed without missing a beat. He didn’t miss either the admiring glance John shot his way. He pursed his mouth – could the solution to their own mystery be so obvious? As arrogant Serge Dubusson appeared to be, Sherlock didn’t see why this man would opt for such facility, especially since his sister was certainly aware of Leonardo’s love story with numbers and maths. What was the
“Mister Smith, would you please go outside? It would be very unpleasant if Mrs Hudson would come back and catch us unawares…”
Molly, who seemed constantly afraid of speaking aloud yet didn’t hesitate to pull Sherlock a peg or two when he was too obnoxious.
and he has last seen Sherlock just before Valentine’s Day. Not that John was counting of course and…
Where to begin? Maybe with the yew berry identified by Mrs Hudson? And if, John thought, the whole gift has been carved into yew?
Cataloguing Joan’s reactions to the touch of her fingers, her tongue, her lips, her teeth.
“John!”
No – he should text.
A metallic clang suddenly attracted his attention. It came from the other side of the garden. Was someone trying to climb over the railings as John has done or was it some sound his overactive imagination has conjured up?
What was the meaning of all this? Was John relaxing a little bit his obstinate “Not gay!” stance because they were abroad and thus not likely to be spotted by one of their Londonian acquaintances? It must be it.
He heard Irene cackle to his left.
Then the intruder took flight. John swore and ran after him. He didn’t bother to call out to him, he knew it was pointless. He focused instead on gaining speed, gradually reducing the distance between him and his target until he could pounce on him.
“As for sending you texts," his stranger went on, “why shouldn’t I? Or did they bore you?”
Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade was being pleasantly buzzed. Well, if he was really honest with himself, he was a bit more than that.
“I never was very good at being attentive to her or giving her small gifts, so I made sure to never forget Valentine’s Day. And after all, isn’t red camellia considered as the flower of love?”
It was so humiliating, he thought, so exhausting, waiting for this man’s answer, depending on him not to say anything.
In fact, it was a real wonder he was still alive, Greg dejectedly mused. Time for another drink, he decided, before he got really maudlin about it. Thank whatever fucking deity he got a rest day on New Year’s Eve – he didn’t think he could have faced another day at work, struggling with the small mountain of forms and other papers waiting for him on his desk while trying not to think about Mycroft and miserably failing.
“Oh… Sher… Stop!”
And now they were both –
Yeah, getting his mind out of the gutter was also becoming increasingly difficult.
They became friends. Or at least Molly became one of the lucky few gravitating around the duo. Good, reliable Molly, who succeeded in smuggling body parts for Sherlock’s experiments – “You’re spoiling him, Molly!” “Oh hush, Irene!” – or laughed when Irene was reminiscing about their university days, becoming sometimes so confident that she didn’t hesitate to tease the other woman.
“I’m sorry, John. Mycroft already knew none of my cases was interesting enough to call Sherlock back from… whatever he’s doing now. He saw right through my bluff.”
He hasn’t left the army behind him only to become dependent on another human being, interesting and special as it seemed to be.
They’ve been few and far between. As he got older, Sherlock has thought himself immune to all this, this laughable quest for love, this seemingly never-ending lust pushing people who got barely anything in common into the arms of each other for the sake of a few hours’ pleasure.
Irene rolled her eyes.
“In fact, if you want to know, I’m moving to London. Liz and me…”
“Which code are you talking about?”
And Irene has been perfectly humiliated.
John opened his mouth several times but couldn’t find the right words – those which would convey to the bartender why such an idea was completely laughable, without speaking of being impossible. His heart was pounding in his chest, he was completely ridiculous. It would have been better if he hadn’t spoken at all.
It didn't matter. Sherlock's gaze was shining with a softness that John could only hope would appear more often when they'll be together.
He needed… time.
Instead, he forced himself to wait, examining carefully the little blue flowers. This time Mrs Hudson’s botanic knowledge won’t be needed, he thought. He could at least recognize forget-me-nots when he saw them.
“I’m a drag queen, yes.” Sherlock cut him off, anxious and impatient at the same time. “Well, sometimes. Obviously.”
What has shocked him to the core was what he has just
Or not, as John found out thirty seconds later.
“Nah, he prefers to text,” Ross replied, smiling a little.
You refused to look at him when he came back at the flat, reeking of sex, a silly grin plastered on his mouth.
She smiled at the thought of the stranger realising that Sherlock wasn’t likely to swoon over the case he has brought to her attention. Neither would her lovely face – in Joan’s perfectly biased opinion – lose what she has dubbed her “Ice Queen” mask.
“I’m sure you’re a very busy man,” Ross said, his smile never reaching his eyes, “Mister I-still-don’t-know-your-name…”
He has barely let out a sigh of relief that his phone buzzed again. Naturally, Mister Curls was a fast typer – it would just be John’s luck!
“First, I didn’t lie to you. I was christened William Sherlock Scott Holmes, if you want to know.”
“What do you mean?” John asked.
at home.
“Yeah. He really did know how to make friends…”
It was only when he started shivering in his thin shirt that he thought of getting up. He did so slowly, massaging his cramped leg and holding on to the bed frame. He walked to the window, looking through at the
John couldn’t stop himself asking “How so?” even if hearing Moriarty’s name filled him with a heady mix of disgust and fear.
She closed her eyes, trying to keep the tears at bay.
She tutted her disapproval, taking his feeble joke seriously.
“Tell me what’s happening?” he asked in a tone he hoped was coaxing enough to his brother. “Has some… problem arisen?”
It was more than just survival instinct – it was a voice whispering to him
John was lying down on his bed, closing his eyes, slowly stroking his cock as he remembered the sweetness of Jane’s mouth, the smell of her skin, how he has unclasped her bra in a swift move, palming her breasts through her top.
February’s grey, cold dawn found him on the pavement in front of
– stammered reply “Good… evening… er” reached his ears.
Even when you were gatecrashing without any remorse my so called “dates”.
It was time to act.
He shook his head. Sherlock has finally opted to remain silent, to keep him in the dark about what he had thought in his last moments. This lack of trust in him still rankled with him.
“John, you’re not going to make me…”
“… and especially like that.”
Waiting for the other shoe to drop.
And now she was paying the price of her foolishness.
owner was his jovial self, chatting and laughing with his clients, pouring drinks and watching over the clients seated at tables. It was a busy Friday afternoon, voices ringing with the joy caused by the incoming weekend. Everybody seemed to look forward to something – meeting with friends, attending concerts, having a lie-in at Sunday.
She gently attempted to extricate herself from Sherlock’s embrace. An attempt which was completely foiled with her friend’s persistence in clinging to her. Joan shivered when she felt through the thin fabric of her T-shirt Sherlock’s nails grazing her skin.
John wondered what Sherlock would have said about this.
As always, meeting this clear gaze, much too knowing for his own taste made John’s insides twist and flip in a now very familiar dance. He tried to hide it behind a little smile.
“I was sure you would call me,” he said.
Greg didn’t realize a litany of “perfect, you’re perfect” was tumbling out of his lips.
Mycroft didn’t even bother denying.
Sherlock felt his heart lurch in his chest. Were they talking about him? He racked his brains, trying to pinpoint exactly what might have been construed as offensive behaviour. Offensive enough for John to call him like that. And it hurt, especially after what they’ve almost shared in this very room, but who else… ?
“Yeah,” Hussein admitted with an impish grin. “No need to be formal here, we’re a small community. I hope it doesn’t disturb you?”
Was it so far-fetched to imagine they would also take this opportunity to settle some old scores left as a legacy by their former boss? That they would find a way to silence definitely the last witness of the deadly battle between Sherlock and Moriarty? John wouldn’t be there to tell the tale of Sherlock’s last stroke of brilliance, resulting in the suicide of his enemy on St Bart’s roof.
“Irene… Oh.”
But, before he could decide on what to do next, a voice suddenly boomed in the garden through loudspeakers John hasn’t detected until now.
He sat up suddenly, gasping for breath as the memories of the day before were rushing into his mind.
No. It wasn’t his way – and it wasn’t John’s either. They’ve always been “all or nothing”, taking risks since their first meeting.
Her heart in her mouth, Molly saw her raising her glass to her lips. Her first impulse was to cry out and warn the woman, but she smothered it when she remembered what Irene said about the harasser she was trying to find.
and in the meantime... Why don't you enjoy an AU, slightly angsty (with a happy ending) story? Consider checking my other WIP "He's looking at you... again" - http://archiveofourown.org/works/13614678/chapters/31257855  :-)
It was a wonder he hasn’t thrown it against the nearest wall that day, Greg mused as he dubiously peered at the contents of his fridge. If he wanted to drink all night without suffering from the mother of all hangovers come morning, he should eat something, patting his stomach, which was definitely not as large as Bes’, fuck you very much Pam.
So, Daddy should have known better than to assume she would change her mind as regards the dress.
(See the end of the chapter for
Don’t do this, he told himself. You’re stronger than this, you can resist him for a while, at least.
He didn’t take his eyes off his target – the row of mailboxes a few feet from him, on the other side of the lawn. Thank to Hussein and his team, garden lights were interspersed around the tea hut and other facilities in an attempt to hold off wannabe burglars, as they have already targeted the community garden.
Greg gave a loud sigh.
“I swear to God, Gregory Lestrade, if I ever found you lied to me…”
“I can’t even say it,” he whispered in the cold night air.
“Seriously?”
There was only one way to find out more.
“Let it go, John.Forget I said anything. Wine and dine your date, have your fun. Be your charming self.”
“Tell me!” Greg cut him off, his eyes never leaving the illusion’s blue-grey gaze.
“A room with a
Finally a bit of action! (no, not this kind of action - but it's getting closer)
I missed the intimacy we shared. Our steaming mugs of tea next to each other. The quiet, lazy Sundays between bouts of mad last-minute dash and brilliant detective work. Me, laboriously typing our most recent adventures (“
’s owner beforehand. He bent down, slipped the envelope under the door.
He clenched his umbrella’s handle in both hands, gripping it like a drowning man clutched a lifeline.
* Translation of French sentences are to be found at the bottom of this chapter.
It stood to reason to believe that whoever has taken pains to contact him in this way would use the mailbox again. John strode along until he reached the gate of the Islington Community Garden. It was closed at this hour, but of course it didn’t stop him. Earlier today he has spotted a place where some metal bars in the railings enclosing the garden were deprived of their metal spikes – under repair, he heard. After glancing over his shoulder to be sure no one was around, John climbed over them, finding an unexpected and welcome foothold on one of the lower branches of a rhododendron. He jumped off, keeping still as the minutes ticked by. When he was reasonably sure that he was alone – at least in this part of the garden – he started walking towards his goal, a little hideout perfectly located just in front of the mailboxes.
She barely heard the man she already hated with all her might crying out “I knew I would win you over!”
Tonight, when we’ll come back from Angelo’s, I’ll take your hand, making you sit in your armchair next to the fire and I’m going to be brave.
In some ways, yes.
But you knew.
I should call this chapter "Molly to the rescue" (and fortunately for our detective duo...)
After this little stunt, others gave him a wide berth.
“I don’t! That’s the whole problem!”
Their gazes met.
“I’m sorry, Irene, really sorry! I didn’t think you were here for your work and… It’s only when I saw Sherlock’s face that I became aware… Gosh, why should I always put my foot in it!”
Greg. Mrs Hudson. Maybe Harry – if she wasn’t too busy fighting her own demons.
But before he could reply, Mike released him and planted himself in front of Mister Sexy – or  rather “Will”, as the label on his jacket revealed.
Someone who knew that he has recently started to attend the Community Garden.
The woman giggled, obviously under his charm.
“Who are you?”
He gritted his teeth, making a U-turn and walking in the living room. But, once again, as he reached out for the phone, the ringtone abruptly stopped.
He gritted his teeth. His old man was miles away but the words he has spoken immediately after Harry has finally come out to his parents still echoed in John’s mind.
“None whatsoever. I was just looking for… suitable company.”
She didn’t really listen to his feeble attempts to reason with her – “Molly, hear me out…”
At the same time, Sherlock’s free hand resumed his exploration of John’s chest, which has barely started in the cab. This time, there wasn’t any need of caution or restraint. He was boldly touching John, pinching his nipples, caressing his sides, before dropping on his waistband.
“Very true, Johnny. However, if you’d allow me to give you a piece of my mind…” He leaned in, making sure not to be overheard. “Before you go looking out for this kid… sort yourself out, okay? I’d hate to see both of you getting hurt.”
Sherlock’s alive.
No Mind Palace for Joan, however.
But fate has decided otherwise.
“I only cared about you. The fact that you were here, safe within these walls, that Cox couldn’t touch one hair of your head… Nothing else mattered to me.”
They kissed and kissed again, lips smashing, teeth nipping, hands roaming all over their bodies. They were wild, so high with the rising tide swelling in their bodies, their souls they simply couldn’t stop.
Enjoy!
“I would never do that to you, gorgeous…”
“Lestrade. How drunk are you?”
“Good evening, Detective Inspector!” Mycroft heard her piping.
“Yes?” Sherlock automatically answered, still reeling from the shock of John’s reaction.
Gosh. That voice.
Sherlock sighed, a complicated sound of irritation and resignation, before exchanging an eloquent glance with Irene, who didn’t waste any time understanding what was going on in his head.
As he let his body dance as the music dictated, Sherlock felt satisfaction flow through him.
Afterwards she might finally be brave enough to do what she has dreamed of as soon as she has met Sherlock…
He closed his eyes, tried to focus on his last exchange with Mycroft and the heavy hint his speech has contained.
And he would do it in his own fashion, he resolved.
My love for you has been for a long time a thorny, painful feeling. Piercing my heart when I least expected it. I never managed to get rid of it. I didn’t want to, in truth, even during the dark, gloomy days following your death.
“Look at the ladies!” he not so softly whispered to his friend. “Got my eye on this blond chick near the bar… You think I’m allowed to chat her up a bit before the whole thing starts?”
An existence where he could develop his skills to their full extent, where he could be looked upon with surprise and a bit of awe.
“Only if I was allowed to chat up women and if you could go wild on the dance floor. In full drag, of course.”
Sherlock swallowed hard.
He didn’t know why, really. It was quite obvious that Molly would stay behind to help Irene.
[You do realise you have made me waste my time? I was obliged to phone Lestrade. And you still haven’t apologised. Therefore I expect an appropriate compensation in the immediate future. Consider yourself warned. SH]
He fell silent. She noticed then the slight whistling sound he let out each time he exhaled, the way he was heavily leaning against the wall, as if he was unable to stand without this support.
Until you met John.
At this thought, he felt a surge of vindictive anger.
It was the raw need in his lover’s voice which more than anything spurred John on, giving him the final impulse to unlock the naughty, downright dirty images which have ever crossed his mind as far as Sherlock was concerned.
And if she still had any doubts about it, Sherlock’s soft smile blew them away.
As if he could say “no” – a word which didn’t seem to be included in his vocabulary as far as Sherlock was concerned.
Walking out of the garden, he clutched the piece of paper in his hand. He was burning with the desire to call immediately the number thus obtained. To think that he might hear Sherlock’s voice, obtaining the definite proof that he was alive… It hurt him so much to restrain himself from doing so, it was almost a physical ache. But John couldn’t forget the young man’s warning about being seen.
“No, Rosie, you can’t play with the skull. Or the Petri dish. And don’t touch the violin case either!”
A deep, velvety voice which seemed to have the power to stop him in his tracks.
Sherlock’s tall, slim body buried under the covers; His dark curls spread on the pillowcase, an inky, cleverly rendered untidy mass John was more and more itching to run his fingers through; the warmth created by their bodies, brushing against his skin and creating a dangerous intimacy between them.
“That’s a lovely camellia.”
“Right.”
“I’m… I’m sorry. You were right, I flirted with you earlier, I even nearly kissed you when we were both on top of that wall! (He licked his lips.) Truth is, I’ve been waiting for a very long time for you to kiss me, Sherlock Holmes.”
Two women having fun with each other... What's not to love? :)
She still doesn’t say anything. She’s waiting for the “then you’ll have…”, for the treat to come.
He should stop.
Completely mesmerized by Sherlock’s face as well as his words, John could only look when he boldly put his right hand on John’s cock, rubbing it in all the right ways through his jeans.
Tap. Tap. Tap.
His hand curved on Sherlock’s arm, turning him around with unusual care, until he could catch the gaze of his lover – this brilliant, handsome man, who has turned his world upside down and made him see stars.
Some kind of online newspaper – LeekNews, such a horrible pun, honestly – has tweeted about New Scotland Yard’s announcement, tagging Sherlock in the process. John peered at it closely.
You killed. You were shot. You made mistakes – terrible mistakes – and dearly paid for them.
He has instinctively reached out, holding Ross back by his sleeve, drawing a bemused glace from the bartender.
“What the fuck?” he mumbled, frowning.
The community garden, the forget-me-nots in the mailbox, the stakeout and the young man saying to him “He told me you enjoyed solving mysteries. As well as giving chase to criminals.”
Mycroft’s voice echoed once again in Sherlock’s mind.
John hadn’t realized he has started to tilt his head, moving closer to his date, their breaths mingling together, until someone hollered at them “Just kiss him already!” followed by a few drunken catcalls.
He uttered a vague “Hum” while trying to understand what the
“We did it. Together.”
They've also shared adventures, their laughter ringing in London's streets, full of excitement and sense of achievement.
"Sorry?" he asked, ignoring the quick
She has then pointed the small figurine out to him.
John punching you on the mouth.
“I just want to know if…he’s doing all right. Please.”
Heartbeat definitely hitting the roof, a flush spreading across his face, John started clicking through the website.
Mycroft remained rooted to his chair, barely believing what he’s just heard.
He had to let
“In this case, let’s skip the formalities and come straight to the point.”
He skimmed through the rest of the Wikipedia page.
“Where do you think the strawberries this summer were coming from? And the lettuce last week? I certainly didn’t buy them at Tesco!”
“Oh, Johnny, I think you might have some competition!” Helen cried out, gripping his arm.
He tilted his head down and without caring about anyone who might find them there, he kissed him. At first soft and slow, then hard and deep. And John was responding in kind, lips tasting, tongue dancing in his mouth, teeth nipping at red, abused skin. A snog which set Sherlock aflame and propelled him into a sensual heaven the like of which he has never experienced. He gripped John’s sweater tighter. Now he has found him, he would never let this man go.
And with this final chapter, it's also the end of my foray into fanfiction writing. It has been a real blast and I can't thank you all enough for your support & interest in my works. The Johnlock and Mystrade communities really are wonderful!
“A deal is a deal, John.”
You couldn’t die without having seen him again, you resolved.
From the corner of his eye John saw the man nodding his head towards the nearest door “Employees only”. Slightly red-faced after the stranger’s sharp rebuke, he flushed even more as he walked in to the door, unlocked it and slipped into the room.
John also was chaos – a marvellous, terrific source of disorder and anarchy concealed from the public eye, hidden under a friendly smile and old-fashioned jumpers. Only you were able to look beyond it. Only you could glimpse the dangerous gleam in his gaze, fuel the thrill-seeking impulse which pushed you both out of the safe, cosy haven of 221b Baker Street and into London’s dark underbelly.
Lestrade rolled his eyes while the dark-skinned woman at his side pulled a disgusted face.
Joan couldn’t be sure in the shadowy light surrounding the room, but Sherlock seemed to blush.
So come back to me.
Her innocent mien wasn’t fooling him in the slightest.
“You’re talking nonsense, dear. You’re thirty-three, not eighty.”
Fortunately for her “Will” immediately reacted, breaking off his awkward exchange of glances with John, who looked completely put out at this interruption.
Molly blushed while shrugging.
He saw Harry’s shrug out of the corner of his eye.
Let them know the sharp tongue of the
His first impulse was to protest, to say it has been a mistake, that of course he wasn’t out because there was no need for him to be. However, something deep down didn’t allow him to lie.
“Not for getting my leg over at least!”
Joan sometimes mused how it would have turned out if Sherlock was born male. Would it have been different?
“Calm down, Greg, I promise it’s nothing of this kind,” John cut him off, rolling his eyes while at the same time he couldn’t stop the amused grin blooming on his lips. He supposed Greg has a point, though, considering his common past with Sherlock.
“John.”
“John? Are you here?”
Sherlock could still hear his soft “Later” ringing in his ears.
“That’s for you to deduce… among other things.”
“Here, take this,” Molly whispered to her, giving her an aspirin. “You’re sure you don’t want to let someone check on this?” she asked, looking at Irene’s bruised face.
“I said I owe you an apology,” Mycroft repeated, his voice gaining confidence. “I shouldn’t have reacted the way I did, it was most… rude of me to treat you like this and…”
John sighed, fighting the temptation to snap back at his lover.
He would never be the one others sneered at or pointed out with their forefingers.
“So tell me, stranger,” SH retorted, his deep voice making John’s entire being thrill. “What should I call you?”
“I hope so, you damn bastard,” she has muttered.
Sherlock seemed to consider it for a while. Then she looked up – red, puffy lips, colour high in her cheeks, eyes blazing with lust and affection. She was breath-taking and Joan felt herself falling completely under her spell.
“What a pleasant surprise!”
“You’re a quiet one.”
Here he was, pining – because let’s come to the point or
Giving her Dad the cold shoulder
“You’re thinking so loudly I can practically hear you fretting yourself,” Sherlock declared with a heavy sigh.
He was expecting his companion asking “How do you know I was in the army?” but couldn’t help feeling a bit disappointed. A bit sad as well. After all, he knew what would happen after he told the other man all he has deduced in his regard – the outraged disbelief, the way the person tried to hide his or her discomfort, screaming he was a liar, he had to have gathered information on them beforehand and wasn’t he a gigantic arsehole?
“What?”
He reached out without thinking, his fingers grasping as carefully as he could Mycroft’s waistcoat – it was so soft, Greg happily mused, that illusion was so perfect! – and pulling it closer.
It was time to see for himself what secrets were hidden within the
“Make yourself at home, then. I’ll bring tea and biscuits in a couple of minutes.”
No, he was… puzzled. His curiosity was definitely aroused as regards the mysterious SH and he longed to know more about him (because John was quite sure it was a man). What was he like? How old? Where was he living? And especially – was his life really as exciting as it seemed to be? That was maybe the most frustrating aspect of this weird correspondence taking place between SH and him – even though John has refused until now to join in. These brief glimpses into SH’s everyday existence fascinated him as much as they exasperated him.
The first thought popping into his mind was that Sherlock was sorry for what has nearly happened between them.
They stared at each other, each one itching to touch the other.
John forced himself to smile.
She immediately thought better of it after having glanced at his face. Sherlock looked completely surprised and annoyed at the same time.
Although it has been a moan rather than an order, he immediately complied, reining in his desire to bite and suck, marking the tender skin as his. He brushed an almost chaste kiss on John’s cheek.
The no-holds-barred sensuality in his voice was a lethal weapon, John thought. Even more so when, with his right hand, Sherlock made short work of his jeans’ buttons.
He has walked right into that one.
“Donovan. Never a pleasure to see you.” Sherlock stood up, his face becoming more and more closed-off as he was facing the Yarders.
He was in too deep, getting hooked since the first time he has seen him.
“Even if I told you I called Mycroft afterwards?”
His friend.
“I’m not finished.”
At the time he first asked for her help, she didn’t think of the price she would have to pay afterwards. Silly of her, really, but all she saw was the fact that for once, he hasn’t asked first John, Lestrade or even Mrs Hudson. No – he has turned to her.
Sherlock’s whispered “No” – just a puff of warm breath against her hair – made her shiver.
“You’re so stubborn, Harold!” “Pot kettle, Martha.”
, but for an unknown reason his body didn’t obey. He stared at the owner, his heart in his throat. Ross peered at him for a while before asking
Unable to endure any longer the silence between them, Sherlock opened his mouth but, as if he had read his mind, John beat him to it.
John stared at him a bit longer before shaking his head. Sherlock had time though to see amusement flashing in his dark blue eyes.
John rolled his eyes, swallowing back
He wanted to devour Sherlock. Devouring him whole, feeling his naked skin against his, hearing him moan, scream and beg, contemplating his lithe body glistening with sweat and spunk –
But any blame she could take for it was stopped by Sherlock’s soft kiss on her lips.
Finally being allowed to show your true colours.
A knock at the front door startled him. For a brief, completely crazy moment, the thought that Sherlock was here, waiting for him invaded his mind but his hopes were dashed when a voice arose on the other side.
Since he has celebrated his seventh birthday, heartily blowing his cake’s candles while pretending to roll his eyes at his Mum’s antics, Sherlock has taken pride in never letting any tear run down his cheek.
He happily sighed. Oh, it was even more gorgeous like that!
And it was liberating.
Molly was sitting at the bar, anxiously looking around her while trying not to attract someone’s attention. She didn’t feel up for chatting with strangers. Not when she knew Irene would come back soon.
when he has heard this.
He gritted his teeth when he realised the mere thought of
“I’m glad, too.”
It wouldn’t be long before the majority of the participants in the Dating Game invaded the room and Sherlock was eager to start working.
Or maybe Greg was just feeling lonely and he has tried to see if Mycroft was up for a quick tumble in bed. That must be it, he mused, ignoring the way his fingers were clenched around his glass. End of the year festivities might have strange effects on lonely minds, after all, pushing them to desperately seek anyone else willing enough to share the night with.
“Women are not my area. And even if you were a man, I wouldn’t be caught going out with someone as narrow-minded as you.”
“We’ve found a nice single-room flat not far from here and since I was around, I thought “Hey, why not coming round and seeing my little bro?” and here I am!”
Well, it was to be expected, John bitterly thought. Damn the British government!
She felt her phone buzzing in her bag. Automatically she fished it out of it, unlocking the screen. What she read made her stop in her tracks while a surge of adrenalin pulsed through her veins.
Looking at John’s determined face, Sherlock sighed. His companion has clearly reached his limit and wasn’t willing to go any further. He took a moment to mourn how quickly the easy going, openly affectionate man has disappeared, leaving in his place this former army captain, who was giving off his best vibes “speak now and don’t give me any shit”.
Sherlock shot him a wolfish smile.
Eyes closed, he nevertheless tried half-heartedly to chase down the figments of his imagination, a habit born during his childhood that he has never forgotten, even during his military service.
Irene didn’t waste any time, reaching out, hand outstretched.
“Not interested!” Sherlock had shouted from the kitchen.
Another man would already have gone into a huff, bristling at Mycroft’s choice of words and taking flight, thus behaving exactly like Mycroft has wanted him to.
He was about to crumple the letter again and throw it definitely this time when the idea entered his head.
[It’s in your own interest to act as I said. SH]
But, at least, when he was a child, he could allow himself to show some rudeness. He didn’t have to play nice
It was a silly thought – especially since John Watson was still living here. The good doctor would be unable to conceal such a fact.
“You… You called me like this before.”
Sherlock’s heart gave a lurch as he recognized the various emotions warring against themselves in John’s gaze – fading hope and increasing resignation, with a hint of bitter disappointment which hurt Sherlock the most.
John screwed up his eyes. It was a small plastic vial without any label on it. Thanks to the lamplight, he could glimpse some oily residue stuck at the bottom.
to hear Sherlock’s answer. A single confession which revealed Sherlock’s human side, this vulnerability that he so carefully concealed behind his genius mind and his sharp tongue.
Did the “gift” come from this specific tree? Or was it just a strange coincidence?
He laid his head on the cold, baby-blue tile.
Time stops.
It took John long seconds to snap back to reality. He was panting, endorphin running in his veins. Unable to stand any longer, he let himself drop to the floor, next to Sherlock, who was lying on his back, his arms outstretched.
“Joan…”
He heard the man swallowing several times and pulled a face as he imagined the DI drinking himself into a stupor in is flat.
“Hey Johnny!”
“And you prefer using your middle name?” John asked in disbelief.
He couldn’t decide, torn between the delicious hand on his cock, stroking the underside vein, teasing his balls and the increasing pressure on his anus.
He hit “Send”.
Find out how this white skin tasted.
Slight stuttering in his speech.
“As if he wouldn’t wait for you. Come along, now, Molly is waiting…”
Dawn found them cuddling in Sherlock’s bed.
’s true identity.
He has ruined everything as usual and…
You didn't think I have forgotten you, did you? :)
Meeting a complete stranger who has texted him by mistake?
Nearly the end - I've still got one chapter, because I can't resist torturing Sherlock a little bit more :)
“Ladies and gentlemen, the second round of our great Dating Game is about to begin! Please take your seats…”
“You don’t have to…” Mycroft started but the protest died on his lips when Greg shot him a smile he hoped was charming, especially at this hour.
He has been so sure that Sherlock and him were on the same page, how could he not… ?
Her hostess’ smile was this time tinged with sadness.
He turned away from
The bartender rolled his eyes, grumbling under his breath – “not playing Cupid, honestly!” – before glancing back at John.
The interloper would flee with his tail between his legs, Sherlock would delete the whole encounter from her mind while Joan would make dinner. Later, they would share a warm meal together, just both of them. Joan could already imagine the scene, both lovely and familiar – Sherlock playing with her food, listening to the stories that Joan has saved just for her. It was one of the rare perks of working in a hair salon – you were never short of ridiculous, perfectly laughable tales.
The footsteps have disappeared.
John shook his head, smothering a smile at Sherlock’s antics.
one…”
idiots. It’s a cross we have to bear, poor lonely geniuses that we are. I strongly advise you to work on your poker face and to learn how to state things a bit more… diplomatically if you want to pursue the career in the detective work you seem so keen on.”
He closed his eyes.
Anthea was still listening to the person speaking at the other end, but her expression has turned from already annoyed to unexpectedly joyful.
She covered her mouth with her hand, in a desperate attempt to muffle the scream growing in her throat.
Sherlock shook his head.
He pointed out as subtly as he could the dark-haired woman, dressed to the nines, with high heels that could certainly be considered as lethal weapons. Mike glanced at her before turning  his head away.
It didn’t seem to intimidate her in the slightest.
She might even give her new vibrator a try, she mused.
Two o’clock in the morning. And Sherlock was still out.
Sherlock heard John’s slight hitch in his breath while he was doing his best to smother his own frown – there was always something!
An amused glint gleamed in Sherlock’s gaze before he pulled back just enough so that each movement of his lips grazed John’s fingers as he asked
Good for him.
How he has called Mycroft a “bloody bastard” without naming him.
He didn’t expect this. A community garden? His landlady rolled her eyes, as if he was a pupil being deliberately obtuse.
It didn’t mean it was easy to resist the temptation to lean in and to take what Sherlock seems to offer so freely to him. With the vivid flush spreading across his cheekbones, his eyes darkened with want and this lush mouth whose softness John still could feel against his skin, he looked like the very picture of desire, ready to be kissed and debauched. He swallowed hard before whispering in a rough voice.
’s menu.
In fact, he should have cancelled the whole thing yesterday.
At least, Greg has thought so until Pam has spotted one day the statuette in a stall in Cairo’s bazaar district. She started laughing immediately, her obvious amusement drawing Greg to her side.
John glanced at him one last time, an expression of such intensity on his beloved face Sherlock was completely mesmerized.
He has no time to cry for help, though.
“You’re turning into Macbeth in your old age?” John tried to lighten his mood. “
“Is that so, my dear?” Mrs Dubusson cooed to the child, who was piteously sniffing. “Don’t worry, little one, Mummy’ll come up very soon.” She then planted a kiss on her wife’s cheek.
What he got made him stop in his tracks.
Cheeks flushing, he turned his head away.
And even if she was drowning into a sensual haze, her body starved for physical connection, arching up into Sherlock’s firmer touch, Joan realized they didn’t have to rush this.
He was rewarded with Sherlock’s quick smile, before he answered
“No, no, you got the wrong end of the stick, mate…” Greg has retorted. “I mean that I have literally never met someone who was enjoying Sherlock’s company without expecting something in return. Let’s be honest, I fully belong to this category, requesting his help when my team is stuck. It doesn’t mean I don’t enjoy verbally sparring with him on occasion or taking him to the pub for a celebratory drink but I’ll never live with him as you do, writing up his cases on a blog, taking care of him…”
A slight huff echoed behind the door.
The stranger’s grin - a grin as bloody as the rest of him, John hysterically noticed – disappeared, and he wrinkled his nose.
Utterly dull, Sherlock thought while holding his tongue though. He might as well listen to John’s story since he didn’t have the first clue as how to open this box.
He glanced at the woman, who was animatedly talking to a friend. She was attractive for sure, but he didn’t want to walk to her and try to chat her up. As for many things, Sherlock’s death seemed to have brought John’s desire for romance to an end.
Her hand stopped moving and she held her breath.
Instead of replying, John rolled on his side before getting up on all fours.
Too right she doesn’t. When Daddy came back in the flat earlier and showed her the dress he has bought for her, saying “The perfect dress for my little princess!”, she clearly said “No”.
“…but there’s no need for you to always intercede on his behalf, okay?”
“No, hear me out before you refuse. It’s not hard labour, I promise you! Watering the plants, sweeping through the alleys, keeping an eye on the eventual pests... Do you still have your old Browning, dear?” she added with a mischievous twinkle in her eye.
“Cheater,” Sherlock smiled. “Tell me, John. I want to hear it.”
He stared at the message – this confession, he thought. Gosh. He couldn’t really leave this unanswered, could he?
John knew he was grinning like an absolute fool, but he couldn’t stop himself. A minute later, he dropped his shopping basket, apologising with a smile to the cashier before rushing outside.
“Oh Sherlock…”
“I… You…”
Oh, it was fine to glance at the men he found attractive. It only took a quick turn of his head, checking them out out of the corner of his eye. A flash of a round arse, strong pecs, bright smile. Useful glimpses fueling his fantasies when he was stroking one off in the shower.
He took a few steps backwards, as if he was walking to the door.
(Rest assured, it'll be the only one in this story!)
“Detective Inspector, I do not know if you have noticed, but I do not care for such triviality as “having a chat over a cup of tea”. Nor would I have the time to do so, even if I was feeling inclined to. Now please tell me the purpose of your visit.”
“Sherlock… Please…”
He gave a sigh.
It certainly seemed like it when you opened the flat’s door and found John on the landing, a suitcase at his feet and an anxious little smile on his lips.
She became aware she was staring at Sherlock’s plump mouth and managed to look away, swallowing heavily.
How he wanted to kiss these soft lips, slightly chapped in some places, licking them until they opened for him and…
Finding it again in Sherlock’s eyes, as they looked at each other, seated at the back of a cab, John more aware than ever of the constantly strengthening link between them.
He realised what was going to happen in a split second.
Sherlock drew him closer before tilting his head, lips brushing John’s ear and making him shiver.
He needed to touch him like he needed air."
“And it’s better this way?”
Mycroft, for all his bluntness, was right – for once.
“Nice woman, but talks way too much!!!”
“I honestly think he’s perfectly able to have concocted such a scheme, just for the pleasure to watch me fail once again. But I can’t be sure, Serge has managed to hurt me so many times before, making me look like a fool. Since I’ve received this box, it’s… eating away at me. To think that I might have an undiscovered piece of art within my reach and to see it being reduced to ashes…”
They kissed ferociously, ardently, passionately.
“You seem a bit on edge, dear Doctor… Are you feeling well?”
Rosie bites her lip. If Papa gets involved, she’s not sure she will be able to keep on sulking. He simply has a way with her that no one else has – making her smile, laugh, lulling her to sleep when Father Christmas was supposed to visit their home, even if she has
Sherlock let out a loud puff before abruptly turning his back on him. But John caught him mumbling “And they said I’m the one not paying attention to social cues…”
Just in time to see Will finally raising his head.
Closing her eyes.
“That’s not necessary.”
He took a deep breath, closing his eyes and letting the events of these last weeks flashing in his mind.
“If you want. Just… think about it, okay?”
“And since when did you all start noticing the man you’re speaking of?”
“You have something to say as well, Johnny?” his father has asked in a mild voice.
promise me dinner, if I correctly remember.”
“I didn’t know you have such green fingers…”
It didn’t obey any rule, it offered freely and if someone was laughing at him for the way he was dancing, well, it was enough to close his eyes and let music flow through him.
Left alone, Mycroft took in the whole living room at one glance. He couldn’t stop himself letting out a weary little sigh.
And so the smut begins...
“Funny you should ask, John, as I have indeed something in mind for you both…”
“As if Sherlock would ever accept to be guided, least of all in a…”
“Mister “I am basically the British government”, the DI resumed, “couldn’t manage to book rooms for you when he sent you off to France?”
“Too late darling. Shhh now. I’m going to devour you.”
He didn’t let any of this colouring his voice though when he asked
A stranger with a deliciously deep voice, who seems to go to great pains to hide his hesitancy and social unease behind an abrupt and impolite façade.
He chased this thought away.
“We have numbered every area in the garden. Easier to say that we need to lay out the flowerbed in the plot sixty-four than to describe the plot in front of the waterfall, next to the blue-and-red hydrangeas, after all!” Hussein replied with a laugh. “No risk of misunderstanding each other.”
Let me prove how much I love you.
London was cold this day and it turned even colder when you set eyes again on John.
“It… It sounded like a question”, he finally said in a strained voice.
And yet.
and only a handful of participants has remained to enjoy the bar and the dance floor.
He took several false starts before saying “I need you to deliver a message to John.”
Irene briefly closed her eyes – what a disaster! – before turning her head and greeting the newcomer.
And possibly more if both women got the opportunity to spend time with each other.
Epilogue – Six months later
“Sherlock? Shut up.”
“No, no!” SH protested “I didn’t lie! I swear to you, everything I told you in my texts was true. I just…”
Sherlock didn’t seem to have got this specific memo though – when she felt Joan drawing a little away, she held her tighter and opening her mouth, licked the seam of Joan’s lips. At the same time, her hands dropped lower until reaching Joan’s plush bottom and cupping it in her large palms.
He couldn’t afford to be careless. Not when Sherlock’s life might be at stake.
John tried to picture him as he received this text, but to no avail.
He shot a reproachful glance at John.
“Apologies, Detective inspector, my brother’s away for a few days. I trust you’ll be able to get by without his help this time,” Mycroft flippantly replied, glancing down at the documents spread over his desk, looking like he couldn’t wait for Greg’s departure to get back to work.
Soft footsteps in the hall, breaking the silence in the flat. John frowns. The only person who got the key is Mrs Hudson and she is in no state at the moment to go upstairs. Besides, from what he can hear from the intruder’s gait, he – or she – certainly does not suffer from a sprained ankle.
At least she would have done so if she were in his stead.
Mycroft shook his head.
We’ve both changed, Sherlock. We’re not the same men as before and it’s a good thing.
What has motivated him to break in John Watson’s flat has been the certainty that Sherlock, if he were still alive, would be unable to leave his only friend alone. During the years they have lived together at Baker Street, Mycroft had many opportunities to observe the dynamics between these two.
Not really looking where he was going, still reeling at the idea of a beehive – he could almost imagine Sherlock’s enthusiast reaction if he were here next to him, listening to Hussein’s explanations – John stumbled over a little sign, which has been driven into the ground. He caught himself just in time thanks to the sturdy trunk of an oak tree.
“Yeah, I sometimes forgot I’m an idiot.”
“I know. I know what you mean and I promise we’re going to talk about that soon. Especially that now we…”
“Take it off”, she whispered, lightly tugging on the belt.
Although, if he has correctly judged the blush on Will’s cheekbones when John has asked him earlier if he would mind not taking part in the Dating Game, the man may have cottoned on to John’s intentions.
Sherlock remained motionless for a few seconds, during which John quietly and definitely agonized over what he has done. Suddenly he reached out, wrapping his fingers gently around John’s wrist, stroking his skin.
“Holmes,” Poshy blurted out before biting his lower lip, annoyance gleaming in his eyes, as if Ross has somehow tricked him out of it. However, he quickly recovered his composure and he stood up straight, towering over Ross. “Mycroft Holmes.”
“Save it, Lestrade. Sally is at least right for one thing – you don’t need to play peacemaker between me and your colleagues.”
Her insistence was setting his teeth on edge. Couldn’t she see that it was a serious matter? They weren’t here to make bets or to remind each other of their crazy days at university. They were here to catch a criminal. End of the story.
Anyway, nearly the end - and I thank you once again for your support & comments, it's lovely to hear from you!
She shook her head.
”) or something (
“Oh,” John gasped.
He had to think of himself. Focus on his own ambitions.
“Focusing your lovely attention on anyone who isn’t me,” Sherlock retorted with an amused glance. “That’s what you’re doing. And it’s completely unacceptable.”
“Not per se. It isn’t clear-cut but… There is trouble heading this way. Big trouble.”
As for Mycroft’s private life… It was a whole other story, much to his well-hidden dismay. Especially when a certain Detective Inspector was concerned.
They had a quiet laugh together, taking a trip down memory lane, remembering with a kind of gruff fondness Sherlock’s abrasive remarks and most absurd experiments. And if John felt his heart still overwhelmed with grief from time to time, he also found himself enjoying this discussion, sharing with Greg his memories of the madman who was still haunting him.
As if he would look elsewhere when he had
Sherlock let out a haughty sniff.
Let me enjoy this moment, he begged his subconscious. Let me be at peace just for a little while.
“Hey, look at this,” John suddenly said, bending over and examining the bottom right corner of the safe. “Something has been scratched out here…”
“Yes! Everybody says that, why is it so difficult to understand?”
There was no need for Mycroft to rub Sherlock’s nose in it.
“What are you waiting for, young man? Follow him!” she cried out, shooing away.
Spoiler alert - they (barely) make it to the bed.
Come back and I will finally be brave enough to say aloud all these things, all these words I have written in this bloody letter.
He guessed – no, scratch that, he
“Oh, come on, sweetheart! You won’t let me drink alone…”
He has never believed in this kind of perfect, time-stopping moments like one saw only in cheesy romantic movies, when the hero finally spotted his one and only, crowd parting just in time for him to glimpse her, light shining on her lovely fair hair.
“Which one?”
John swallowed hard. He could feel the tension rising in his whole body, his balls tightening.
The sound of a page quietly turned over.
“It is even worse than I thought.”
A single word which made him look up at this man, his heart constricting painfully in his chest. He licked his lips.
“Wait! Stop!
If he hasn’t stared at Sherlock at this moment, he would have missed his lips pursing as he said this as well as the single glance, full of hesitation, he directed directly afterwards at John.
Damn you, John Watson! he thought. You owe me way more than the next round of pints next time I see you!
And she kissed her.
He didn’t take him into his arms, didn’t comfort him, didn’t say all these
John Watson has been an exception.
His fingers found the grip of his Browning.
What was he waiting for, indeed?
“Where are you… Oh!”
And it started tonight, he thought.
How he would conceal his embarrassment and hurt behind his coldest veneer, how Gregory would react, maybe willing to reach out at first – a pitiful attempt at “no hard feelings between us” – before realizing that it was no use.
Greg blinked.
“John, God! I love you, love you, love you…”
He rushed instead out of the carriage, feeling as if Martha’s kick has freed him from his permanent uncertainty about Sherlock. About himself.
“Come along, John!” Mike cheerfully replied, still dragging him along in his wake. “You never got lucky making eyes at someone from afar, so do muster some courage, we’re going to speak to him!”
Never mind that it was far from what happened most of the time in real life.
“Invite your team, then. They deserve it and they’ll enjoy much more than me.”
Thanks to the unexpected proximity, Joan could feel her warmth. Sherlock never wore any perfume – “they give me headaches” – but she liked to use a specific brand of body cream and Joan could breathe in the familiar scent.
John shook his head.
…”*** Mrs Dubusson’s spouse said, barely smothering her grin.
John gave a little sigh before finally looking up at him.
“What…?”
to participate in this… whatever it is,” Irene explained. “In fact, they did.”
which was written in the shy smile on Mycroft’s lips, in his fingers tightening a little on Greg’s wrist, in the gentleness of his expression.
His partner - in every sense of the word.
“Get a fucking grip, Watson.”
He was feeling attracted to him.
“I have another idea…” she murmured before softly pushing Joan backwards. She took the hint and lay down on the bed, her eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face. Joan made no attempt at coyness – she knew her body and wasn’t shy of it. Granted, she wasn’t overly fond of the bullet scar on her left shoulder, but she has made her peace with it for a long time.
Breakfast was a quiet affair – not because they didn’t anything to talk about. On the contrary – they have plenty to talk about. Greg was burning with the desire to ask everything what has been on his mind these last days, but he restrained himself, which was quite a feat for him. He who has been described more than once as “charging first, asking questions later” could however see that it wasn’t a good strategy to use with the man facing him, who was absentmindedly fidgeting with his shirt’s collar.
Sherlock danced like he has never done before. The music – a bit too electronic for his taste, but beggars can’t be choosers, after all – pulsed deep and low in the darkened room. Sweaty bodies were gyrating around each other. Except for him, of course. The first one to have tried the familiar grab-rub-on-you-with-a-cheeky-smile tactic with Sherlock has scampered off after he has grabbed him by the balls – and certainly
“Let’s go to bed, beautiful.”
A sidekick without any hero to lead him into battle.
“I’m sorry to tell you all this but it’s still so fresh in my mind!”
“You… You haven’t dared…”
“Seriously?” John retorted even if he obeyed. “You’re going to scale this wall while people are waiting for us inside?”
“Mmmmm… Your soldier voice. I like it.”
John swallowed, glancing around him like a child caught with a hand in the cookie jar. The effect Sherlock has on him, even after six months of relationship, was completely ridiculous.
“God, John, what were you thinking? Are you such a glutton for punishment?”
“It should have helped, had I not made personal… choices which caused this name to become more a burden than a real help. I’ve made my peace with them and I’m proud to bear my wife’s name, she has always been a true support for me and I’m very lucky to have her. Unfortunately, I can’t say the same for other… family members.”
The splinter under your skin, forcing a bloody way through your chest until it finally pierced your heart.
In truth, the statuette has been the last thing Pamela has offered him. They were spending a few days in Egypt, playing the happy couple in public while in private they were trying to patch up things between them.
He looked up, determined to convince Mike to get a move on the lady he has seen earlier on the bar, when he was left speechless.
He sometimes lent a hand for harder work, helping those who couldn’t lift up a barrowful of earth or when the wooden compost bin must be cleaned out.
He could hear over and over again the door slamming in his mind, a sound as sharp as gunfire, his relationship with his sister the only victim of this attack, their bond killed right on the spot.
“Very true, John,” Sherlock whispered, languidly kissing John’s parted lips, a stark contrast with his hand’s frenzied pulls on John’s cock.
(See the end of the chapter for
Or should I have started with “Dear ruddy Bastard”? “My beloved Nuisance”? You wouldn’t have liked that, would you – too much
“Oh Sherlock…” she leaned in, batting her eyelashes at him. “I do so want to see you dance again…”
Sherlock broke the kiss, opting for licking and teasing the soft skin of John’s neck with little nips of his teeth.
“But how did you…”
He should give up right now. Delete his text and Sherlock’s answer. Trying once more to forget this man and that was just the crux of the problem because in the two months since Mister Curls has left the Honeybee, John hasn’t succeeded in getting him out of his head.
“Turn on the light!” he ordered, his voice rising in panic. “Turn it on!”
They were evenly matched in that regard, even though each of them had his assets… and his weaknesses.
“Lestrade must have thrown a fit,” she chimed in when she managed to calm down.
Snogging until their lips were raw.
“You could have… hips! Sorry… helped me earlier, y’ know… I mean, if you’re really a sex god or something…” he mumbled, feeling his eyes closing of their own volition.
John shot her a puzzled look.
He was completely done for.
“I didn’t mean it like that,” he whispered, his lips grazing John’s cheek. “But I would rather carry on our activities without waking up my landlady, if it’s all the same to you…”
Anything to prevent her from walking to Molly and telling her she would be willing to let her explore as much as she would, provided it was with her and no one else.
John felt his heart lurch in his chest.
“I… You… I didn’t know how to deal with…” Mycroft abruptly stopped, levelling a beseeching gaze at him.
“Don’t look at me like this, I’ve already seen you in your underwear. Come on!”
He stretched his left hand until it brushed against Sherlock’s.
“Did he.” John tightened his grip on the man’s wrists, eliciting an enraged whimper from his mouth.
“I don’t know why it’s different with you. I couldn’t stop telling you… things. Every time I was sending you a message, I was waiting for your answer.”
Irene lightly stroked Molly’s cheek with his forefinger, fighting the temptation to bury her face in this soft neck.
And he also found out that, if everyone was using Sherlock for one purpose or another, the detective was using them just as well in return.
Sherlock groaned, putting her free arm on Joan’s thigh.
“I can hear in your voice it’s not the only thing he saw right through, isn’t it?”
“What happened?”
It was their way of communicating with each other, the common language they had developed and perfected during Sherlock’s youth. It wasn’t always effective and it had sometimes caused grievous misunderstandings between them, but then who could boast never to have had any spat with their loved ones?
Before he could rally, John pinned him down, sitting up until he could put a knee on the man’s lower back and holding his hands together in a strong grip.
Was it a joke, a trick from one of the volunteers? (A completely illogical assumption. From what he has seen of the community’s members, he couldn’t believe they would behave in such a way towards him.)
I hope you all enjoy this development ;)
In the end, they arrived late to the wedding’s ceremony.
Easier said than done, he mused. But he didn’t have the heart to see Mike’s enthusiasm being deflated by his own pessimism.
Sherlock snorted.
However, it didn’t stop him ogling her breasts.
A hand on your cheek.
“I’m glad for you, really, but I don’t see how…”
He couldn’t imagine how it would have ended if Irene has not burst in on them.
John has snorted, internally bristling at Greg’s expression.
with him.
He closed his eyes, letting the music – a remixed version of
“Welcome to the queer side bro, we’ve got rainbow cookies! Get this fine ass of yours ready for your man, boy, he won’t know what hit him!”
His blue eyes were filled with such sincerity Sherlock couldn’t do anything but nod.
“I’m not going to lie, just embellishing the truth a little bit! And it also means the next round of pints at the pub is on your tab.”
When they finally stopped, faces red and tears in their eyes, chortling over the last traces of their mirth, John has never felt so light.
“You look awful,” she blurted out before biting her lip.
He hasn’t yet fully believed it until this moment, his gaze never leaving his friend’s face. Finally, he let his hands alight on Sherlock’s shoulders. He leaned in until his forehead lay down on Sherlock’s sternum. He closed his eyes, breathing in the familiar scents – cold tobacco, shaving foam – and the new ones – shower gel mingled with a hint of sweat.
“Listen, I know you’re not going to tell me what happened to him or where he is now but…”
“Don’t take it like that, you liked it well enough when we watched it last month.”
“We don’t have time for this, Gavin,” Sherlock broke off, ignoring the policeman’s protest – “It’s Greg for God’s sake!”. “I trust Irene has briefed you on that case?”
“Are we obliged to talk right now?”
He gave an annoyed sigh before standing up and glancing at the clock.
“Wait, wait!”
He didn’t know where his footsteps were leading him until he found himself setting foot in Regent’s Park. The familiar sight elicited from him the shadow of a smile and he quickened his pace, ignoring the handful of insistent looks his Belstaff – or was it something on his face? He could never find for sure – seemed to draw. The park has become his new lair immediately after he has moved in Baker Street. Thank God he has remembered Mrs Hudson’s address after moving so suddenly out of his former flat. The unexpected bonus was, besides Mrs Hudson’s clear joy at being able to mother him as far as Sherlock was willing to allow it, the fact that Mycroft didn’t find out until three days after Sherlock has moved out.
“You’re beautiful,” his lover whispered, slight puffs of warm breath against his skin.
He heard John’s hitch in his breath, felt his hands roaming over the back of his neck, stroking his cheek, his neck.
He didn’t have the opportunity to finish. Sherlock took a step forward, pulling John up against himself. Their lips met in a heated, devouring kiss.
A storm was brewing inside him. Tremendous waves of fury were crashing against the stronghold of the admiration and affection he was still feeling for his former flat mate, shaking him to his very core. And underneath his anger and his resentment lay the overwhelming relief to know – as far as the strange events of these past days have led him to believe it – that Sherlock was alive.
“She doesn’t get any child, does she?”
Was he being followed? And for which motive?
You’ve suggested this morning going to Angelo’s, your voice flippant and nonchalant as if my answer didn’t really matter one way or the other. You still seem to think I don’t notice the way caution and hope are warring against each other in your gaze every time you drop a hint about these first days, when we were young and foolish enough to take what we had for granted.
He startled.
And then he stopped to think when Sherlock, inch by inch, pulled on his T-shirt until he found the bare skin of his back.
“How so?”
His hand remained steady as he typed first his message followed by the phone number mentioned on Sherlock’s website.
A fleeting memory of Dartmoor danced before his eyes. He blinked.
“Joan.”
— So, Gregory, what can I do for you? Mycroft asked, bringing to a stop Greg’s musings.
"And by nice, you mean expensive?"
He shook his head, trying to dislodge the self-destructive thought.
Once again.
“You’re quarrelling again.”
Paul’s worried face suddenly appeared on his left and John forced a smile.
“Emma? Oh, you mean Mrs Hudson…”
“Madness? Are you sure it isn’t courage?”
It is madness, Sherlock thought. He couldn’t take his eyes off the
He was going to put the kettle on when he heard the repetitive thud of Mrs Hudson’s crutches up the stairs. He sighed with frustration – the damn woman was going to kill herself one of these days! – before rushing to open the door and help her.
Rosie can’t stop herself giggling before biting her lower lip. She loves everything about pirates – from Jack Sparrow’s strange expressions to Long John Silver’s parrot and Morgan Adams’ swagger (finally a
It has taken five minutes for the DI to become aware of
Sherlock ignored this comment – how was he supposed to take it, anyway?
But Sherlock remained withdrawn, not looking at her in the eye.
One more time, he thought before slipping the mobile in his pocket and taking his coat off the hook. He took his keys, his wallet, closed the door behind him.
"Soon," he whispered in his ear, enjoying very much the flush which immediately bloomed in his partner's cheeks.
An absolute trust which has been broken the day he has failed her.
Sherlock raised a doubtful eyebrow.
The plan has seemed so easy back then in the cosy atmosphere of the Baker Street flat, both of them remaining elated by their last success – posing as assistants among the Dating Game event, examining the participants and finding the culprit.
That voice.
To disguise his lack of composure, he pretended to rummage in his pockets for a tissue. He didn’t know if Hussein was fooled by this, but he didn’t make any remark about it, patiently waiting for John before resuming the visit. John was pathetically grateful to him for it.
Since then John could never think about it without becoming immediately half-hard in his pants.
Laying slow, open-mouthed kisses on every inch of skin revealed.
“A message… He believes you’re dead!”
“And now darling, the game is on!” she whispered to him before disappearing in the crowd.
The first thing he saw was the harpoon, which was even taller than the man holding it.
“Why are you telling me all this? Sending me these texts… You don’t even know my name!”
He should have known, he bitterly thought. It has been way too easy to get to Mycroft’s office.
Nobody gave him the slightest admiring glance.
“I… I’m sorry.”
“I should admit that the organising committee seems fully committed to this event.”
“Oh no, that’s true, you
“Ross O’Neill. I’m the
“You really want me to talk shop?” Lestrade whined. “I haven’t drunk enough for this.”
It seemed that yelling at her until she burst into tears in a waiting room packed with patients was not considered as a sensible behaviour for a doctor.
“There are worse addictions than others…”
Tap. Tap. Tap.
John ignored the slight lurch of his heart and shrugged.
Bes, you generous bastard.
Taken aback by this unexpected confession, John stared at him, trying to decipher what was going in his brilliant mind. He narrowed his eyes – what could he have discovered in John’s phone to be so upset about it?
He has been right. She would have done everything to keep Sherlock safe from the danger he seemed to represent. And it was a worrying thought.
“Oh nonononono… I won’t teelllllll….”
“I want to suck you off at a crime scene, when you’re finished spouting your deductions and impressing everyone with your brilliance. I want to be on my knees before you, my hands trembling because you look so put-together, almost inaccessible. But you won’t be, Sherlock, not for me, will you?”
It was so awkward at first, neither of you being very successful at talking, speaking out loud what was weighing on your minds.
