"Fine," Dean's voice began to ooze with sarcasm. "Then we just wait until the next man disappears and try to guess what kidnapped him. All right."
In fact, there were two men, leaning loosely against a wall and between them a young woman - almost a girl, as Dean noticed it. He ran up to the three, and it quickly became clear that the woman didn't want anything to do with the two idiots.
"Better. I mean, it's half as bad, isn't it? We've survived worse, and such a curse can't last forever."
Already half asleep, which was definitely the result of the blood loss, Dean grabbed his pillow, pressed it onto his chest, and finally rolled over on his stomach to put some pressure on the deepest wounds. He knew, somewhere far back in his mind, that it was stupid to just lie down and sleep. The wounds would have to be taken care of, and actually, Sam did that, or Castiel healed him, and he would have no further problems. But that didn't work in his current situation. Still, he couldn't force himself to keep his eyes open. They just closed on their own. Before he fell asleep, however, he gave Sam and Castiel one more look.
As always, they gathered in Bobby's living room. Dean stood at the window and stared out, Sam sat on the armchair in the corner and Castiel leaned against the door frame with his arms crossed in front of his chest. Bobby went to his desk and opened a large leather-bound book.
When Cas finally looked at Dean again, his eyes seemed to light up with blue - a bad sign, as Dean knew. They radiated more anger than he had seen in a long time, and once again this anger was directed against him. Maybe (or hopefully?) Castiel would make short work of him now, just release him from all the shit and Dean would be grateful to him for that. In fact, Castiel reached out a hand to him, as before with the witch. Even if Dean wouldn't stop him, he screwed up his eyes and even backed away a little. His body trembled because he knew that dying hurt, and how much it hurt...but at least it was Castiel who would kill him.
It had been a week since he'd left - a bloody week. He had eaten almost nothing for that time and only drank when he was really thirsty. Besides, he hadn't slept...apart from the twenty to thirty minutes every now and then when his body and mind gave in. His sleep, however, was far from restful. He felt watched, like a hungry animal lurking in a dark corner of his mind, just waiting for him to become distracted. It lashed itself in his dreams and fell upon him like a wolf upon its prey. Each time he woke up with a scream and aimed his weapon in the empty room - firmly convinced there was a monster that wanted to eat him alive.
"But you are suffering and I can't see it anymore," Castiel replied and there was so much affection in his voice that Dean's chest was filled with a warm feeling.
"I...I'm not making fun of you," Sam stuttered, pressing his hand to his chest. "That damn hurt, like I was electrocuted!"
Another reason to be careful that Cas doesn't touch me, thought Dean, and took another step away from the angel.
Dean nodded but still looked down and went to his bed. Somehow it seemed to him Castiel would always apologize for him and that to himself. Idiot angel.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw her raise her hand in his direction again. Without warning, he pushed her away and fled from the room. He could hear Sam calling his name, but he didn't react just ran out into the courtyard. There he wandered around between the cars, looking for a place where he could hide undisturbed.
Comments and kudos are the essence of an author's life, so please! Tell me what you think of my story :D
Dean nodded and drove off. Bed didn't sound bad either...especially not if your life energy had been sucked out by a witch.
Now Dean had the undivided attention of both asses. They turned to him almost in sync, while Dean noticed that both were swaying quite a bit. Must have drunk one over their thirst. He almost felt sorry for them, but then his gaze fell on the girl again, and all pity was gone. He made an inviting gesture with his hand and waited to see who would attack first.
The man who was supposed to be Stella's victim, in the beginning, was sitting alone at a table and working on his laptop. Sam walked past him and then dropped the key to their motel room. Cursing softly, he bent down and picked it up. His hand disappeared only a fraction of a second into the man's jacket pocket. It closed around the hex bag, and he was up again and walked on. As fast as he allowed himself without looking suspicious, he marched to the toilet and burned the hex bag to destroy its spell. He tossed the leftovers into the toilet and flushed well. Then he went back to his table.
Dean could guess exactly what the solution would look like. But he would be damned if he'd touch someone he loved! He'd rather leave everyone alone...drive around alone and never see anyone of his family again. Actually, that was the solution to his problem, even if it was the worst for him. He would rather suffer than hurt the others. However, he would have to leave immediately. Because once he was in the house, he couldn't stop Sam, Castiel, or Bobby from touching him. They were all skilled hunters and would surely corner him. But he wouldn't allow that!
He knew that this wasn't a permanent solution, but at the moment he saw no other way out. So he took a deep breath and pressed the shard tighter to his skin. He felt it cut into his arm and the blockage flickered in his head. Blood pooled around the edges of the wound and began to trickle down his arm as he lifted the shard.
Castiel stood lost in the room and didn't know what to do. The sensations were just too much...He would have loved to run after Dean, but he also knew that it wouldn't make their whole situation any better. His eyes were still on the door, probably in the hope that Dean would come back, but that didn't happen. A stabbing of pain rose up in his chest and spread through his body. Had he hurt Dean as he backed away from him? He wasn't afraid that Dean would touch him, but his body and especially his instinct had reacted before he could do anything else.
Dean raised his hands soothingly and, at the same time, shrugged his shoulders. He was focused, with both eyes on their suspect. As long as they couldn't be sure that she really was a witch, he could look, right? Maybe she was really innocent, and if that was the case, he would try his luck with her.
Dean nodded and got out. He really didn't want that. Most of the girls who worked in such a shady facility were treated badly and he knew that very well. Many weren't even there freely. But the urge for release clouded his thoughts so much he just couldn't help it. He just wanted to 'blow off some steam' and then they could go on.
Finally, Castiel nodded and turned away again to leave. He knew that Dean didn't like to show his weaknesses and so he wanted to give him the opportunity to collect himself. Nevertheless, Castiel had a strange feeling when he left Dean and returned to the house.
Ten minutes later, he and Sam were sitting in the car and waiting for Castiel to finally join them. He had offered to pay for the rooms so that Dean and Sam could stow their bags in the car.
At six o'clock suddenly, there was a movement in Dean's body. Getting up at the same time for years had its advantages and disadvantages. On the one hand, he didn't need an alarm clock, even if he'd had too much to drink like the night before; but on the other hand, if he had the chance, he couldn't sleep late, like this morning.
"Why shouldn't I want to talk to you anymore? I've put your body and mind back together and healed you dozens of times," Castiel made a vague gesture in the direction of Dean's body. "There's nothing I haven't seen and even touched if you want to call it that."
"Where have you been? I almost became witch food!" Dean snapped at him but was still happy to see his brother.
Yes, he just wanted to help, and Dean was grateful for it, but now he would probably never show up in his life again. The secret was out, which made Dean feel downright dirty.
Bobby's typical snort sounded, which didn't fail to have an effect on those present. All eyes wandered to him, as he rolled his eyes in annoyance and stood up.
"Not quite, honey," came Stella's voice. "So you're hunters. It's just too bad that I've already started to drink your energy. Thank you for letting me get in your pants so readily, Dean."
The two had never really kept their distance from each other. But now it looked like Castiel was about to jump on Dean's back, only that he didn't seem so enthusiastic about the fact and that was really something new.
Dean let out a snort which cut off Castiel again, and he stayed silent now. He shook his head in frustration and disappeared from the car. If Dean didn't want his help, he could do other things that required his attention.
Only then did Dean realize that he had stood completely naked in front of Castiel, and immediately his entire face turned red like a tomato. He opened his mouth to say something but closed it again immediately and looked away. He prayed the ground would open beneath him to swallow him, but he wasn't that lucky.
Castiel winced when he heard her words and would have liked to disappear, but then Sam's hand lay on his arm.
As soon as his gaze fell on Castiel, Dean felt a sting in his chest. It was a feeling of guilt that had been stuck in him for ages but kept coming back up again. How often did he have to insult and yell at Castiel before he was fed up with him and never came back?
"The curse is getting stronger every minute, but that's not my problem, is it?" Rowena purred and gave Castiel a meaningful look.
At the same time, he jumped up from the bed and startled Dean so much, he stumbled two steps backward and finally fell. With a painful hiss, he landed on the floor and was about to break into another rant when the blanket landed on his lap.
The last sentence sounded more like a question than a statement to Dean. He put on his grimmest look, which wasn't really difficult for him at the moment, and stared at the man.
"We don't know much. The only thing we can say for sure is that each of them had a drink with Stella before they disappeared. But without being sexist, the Witch doesn't have the power to drag boys somewhere, and they would certainly never have gone with her voluntarily," Phil jumped in again and got affirmative nods from his friends.
Dean got up too and stumbled after Castiel. He was just able to hold back before jumping on him. Instead, he stood there with his hands clenched into fists and visibly had to stop himself from taking another step.
"Damn it, Cas!" He yelled immediately and jumped up. "What are you doing here? Fuck...What if I fell on you!"
Speaking of Castiel, Dean wondered how the angel was doing. Did he finally get fed up with him? After all, Dean had been the one who hurt him again...
"You are sure that they live here?" Dean grumbled as they parked in front of a warehouse. "Why does it always have to be warehouses? Why not a villa or something?"
Castiel banished the voice as quickly as it came. After all, it wasn't like Dean had never let him touch him. On the contrary, he was grateful every time Castiel healed him, and he had never felt uncomfortable when the angel put an arm around his shoulders or hugged him completely when they hadn't seen each other for a long time...right? No, he wasn't afraid of him.
Her job, if you could call it that, had always been tough. They saw things that others couldn't even imagine. Fought things that others never even dreamed of in their nightmares, and each time they came back to the motel rooms a little more broken. They didn't complain because if they weren't fighting the monsters, who should? Yes, there were other hunters, and they did a good job too - still, there were just too many monsters out there. If when, after all that, it was also claimed that they hurt innocent people...young women! Dean would rather chop off his own hands than do something to an innocent woman, whether she was a prostitute or had any different job.
Cas smirked. “They’re supposed to be out by eleven and their parents are slated to clean up. We don’t technically need to stay, especially if Ted’s here. Besides, I thought we’d go find a corner of the costume shop and make out or something.”
They waved to Amelia as she got into her blue Ford Taurus beside them. “Race you there!” She yelled with a smile that even Dean had to chuckle at. They both got buckled into the Impala and pulled away from Cas’s small apartment building. Cas looked out the window the whole time the building was in sight.
Dean grinned and yanked him back in by his collar, pressing him back into the counter. Cas felt the frenzy build, and he pushed his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Dean sucked on the tip of it, before reaching up to press thumbs to the bolt of Cas’s jaw, opening it further. Cas reached down and slipped his fingers back down into Dean’s back pockets, hauling him closer.
“How soon can I get you under my roof again? More importantly, when can I get you into my bed again?” Castiel was happy to see Dean had gotten back his teasing edge. He’d missed it. Immensely.
At the top of each page read a name, followed by the dates of their employment. There was space for a list of incidents incurred during the term of employment, as well as—Dean squinted—a reason for leaving.
Trevor laughs. “Still better than a place that doesn’t even have a Target.” He calls for the girls to go again, for the last time he promises.
“I like everything in writing.” Dean tossed the tie over the arm of his chair and started undoing the buttons of his shirt. He stepped out of his shoes and draped the shirt over the chair as well. His chest muscles rippled with the motion, causing Castiel to suck in a breath. Dean’s biceps alone made Castiel want to hang on to this man for the rest of his life. His stomach wasn’t as defined as Castiel might have thought, but there was no mistaking that the man in front of him was packing a truly frightening amount of muscle.
“Hey,” The stranger greeted him, flashing a row of perfectly straight white teeth. “Break my heart and tell me your date’s waiting for you out in the car.” There was a challenge in his eyes, but it was playful.
“Uh yeah… I need to go grab some clothes, since I might be… staying a while… if that’s okay…?” Castiel had no idea why he was sounding so nervous.
“Yeah, there’s more work here in the midwest than in big cities, though.” It was true; Dean saw a lot more of the Great Plains than either of the coasts. He couldn’t even remember the last time he’d seen the ocean. He hated the mountains the worst. A million places to hide, and it was usually cold.
Sighing, Castiel drew his arms into his sides, shuffling in the opposite direction of the man. Just because he sucked dick for rent money didn’t mean he couldn’t be selective when he wanted to be.
“I—I’m just trying to pay you a compliment, Dean.” Castiel muttered. When Dean looked up again, he was readjusting his glasses.
“Blow me.” Castiel breathed, a surprise to his own ears. His gaze skittered from Dean’s erection to his face where Dean could barely keep the smugness off his lovely face.
“Did I—did I do it wrong?” Dean worried, eyes darting around Cas’s face and a flush building high on his cheeks.
Castiel whipped his head around wildly. The bushes to the right of his bench rustled for a second before a pale girl with long red hair stepped out, a huge grin on her face.
“Get out of here, Dean. You wanted to leave so bad. Go.” Cas said with finality. Dean couldn’t even pick out a hint of regret in his tone. He meant it.
“Having second thoughts about shacking up with an old man?” Dean nudged him like he was teasing, but Castiel was so well-versed in Dean’s vernacular by now that he caught the slight edge of worry.
Sometimes, progress is two steps forward, and one step back. But that does mean you are not going somewhere.
“Okay.” Dean said. It seemed to Cas that Dean’s voice seemed a bit strained, but he wasn’t sure. He went lower and drew his finger over Dean’s shivering abdomen muscles (and fuck, this wasn’t even fair) until he reached Dean’s perfectly formed hipbone. He heard Dean’s formerly steady breathing work itself into a light panting, audible even over Cas’s commentary. He happened to glance up and was met with the sight of Dean’s erection. Making the front of his jeans tent up, Dean’s considerable length was making an appearance.
“Please. Single room. Ground level if you have it.” It was definitely quieter hunting without his father or brother. Maybe he’d get to watch what he wanted without being bitched at for once.
Cas blinked, feeling a slight flush on his cheeks. “Well, thanks but I think the real issue is more with my shockingly horrendous commitment issues and all that.”
“I dunno,” Cas pulled out the salad and turned to the cupboard to start gathering plates. He placed a healthy amount of salad on each, making sure to push it to the side to leave ample room for the absolute heap of pasta Dean would place on each. “He just... he texted me all the time, and he always wanted to know how I’m doing and what I’m up to, and it gets old telling him I’m doing the same old things every time. I don’t do much during the day.”
Dean wouldn’t slow down. “It should have. I don’t know what the fuck is happening.” How could he be so slow not to have seen this? If he didn’t banish the ghost back at the school, it meant the damn thing was still out there. And if it could possess people? They were in trouble. Serious trouble.
“You want me to tell you what I’m thinking? You wanna know if you turn me on? This is how much you turn me on, Dean Winchester,” He punctuated this with a hard thrust, dragging out slowly before thrusting in hard again. Dean moaned, exposing his throat. “Look at me, Dean. I’m gonna fuck you through your fucking mattress if you let me. And then, when I get back from class tomorrow, I’m gonna tie you to your bed and slick you up and ride you until you can’t do anything but babble for how much you want it. You just wait until we get to the nervous system, Dean, because I’m gonna make yours light up like a Christmas tree.” Cas couldn’t stop it now. He was growling in Dean’s ear, panting most of the words. Dean wanted him to talk, now the floodgates were open. Den was torn between grinning maniacally and panting for breath. Suddenly, he arched up underneath Cas, painting up his stomach with his second orgasm. Completely blindsided, Cas followed soon after, burying his face in Dean’s neck again. They both laid there, fighting for breath. Dean pried his wrists loose from underneath Cas’s hands, wrapping them around Cas’s back and rolling them so they were on their sides. He held his wrist up to examine the bruises from Cas’s hands, acting as manacles. Cas slowly rolled over, and worked his long fingers up Dean’s wrist and tracing over the marks.
Oswald cackled. “You’ll have to choose, hunter. Burn me out or save your man-candy!” Oswald dangled the hat teasingly over the edge. There was no way Dean could take it from him, he’d just hurl himself over, killing Cas.
In the end, they only would up making it to Dean’s bedroom because Anna wanted a ride back to Chicago. She wasn’t staying—her life in small-town Kansas too fulfilling—but she wanted to grab a few things before heading back; this time with Jo in tow. They arrived at the house in record time, and stopped only briefly to say hello to Missouri in the kitchen, the housekeeper insisting on a hug while they were quite literally tugging each other out of the room.
Dean shook his head. “Image search has nothing but some pictures of the school. Unless—“ he got back to the search bar and typed in
Mr. Winchester raises an eyebrow without taking his eyes off the road. “Definitely not what I would have guessed,” he says. “Awesome. Er… that come with a nickname?”
Utterly confused again, Castiel said, “Why would you do that?” He couldn’t even begin to picture the conversation that must have gone down between his advisor and Dean. Balthazar pissed him off every single time they spoke, simply because of how the man lived; he couldn’t imagine Dean trying to navigate that on his own.
The guy in charge harangued the students about spots and pacing for about ten more minutes—with limited success—before sighing and calling it quits for the day.
Cas had big hands, and the heat of them pressed to his hips like a vice was making Dean’s mind wander into what it might feel like to get held down by those hands, just like Cas had talked about. He fumbled for the buttons on Cas’s sensible white button-up. It was rumpled and wrinkled by Dean’s clutching fingers, and it was time for it to come off.
but it wasn’t a reading he was familiar with. Pulses of energy, here and then gone in a flash. He held it different directions, trying to fine-tune the location up on the stage. It was stronger over on the south side of the stage by where the teacher was standing. Very strange.
Although Castiel was the one being paid, he couldn’t help but feel a bit cheated out of something wonderful whenever Dean would bat his hands away from his zipper and carry on kissing him like he wanted nothing else in the world. Castiel wondered if maybe Dean had lost interest in being with him in that way, if he thought of Castiel as a child who couldn't be trusted to make serious choices. He voiced these concerns to Dean sometimes, petulant, but wanting to communicate his problems, but was gently pushed aside.
Castiel smiled and shook his head. The closet cases were always a bit of fun, if in a sad way. People so out of touch with their own wants that they treated encounters with people of the same gender as something to be ashamed of, hidden. It really
The whole trip back to the motel, Dean sat in the passenger seat, pressed his crumpled T-shirt onto the wound, and tried to breathe evenly. It was almost unbearable, at least for Castiel. He just wanted to help, as Dean often asked when they argued. He had stopped counting how often Dean accused him of only helping them when he believed it would serve his cause. Now he wanted to help so that Dean felt better, but he didn't allow it. Nevertheless, Castiel tried again. Maybe Dean gave in after all.
Castiel felt like a weight seemed to lift from his chest and he could breathe more freely again. They weren't prejudiced, they just accepted it. But they were also special people. Why did he think this family would condemn his love?
His thoughts came to an abrupt end when he saw how Dean's blood stained the pillow under his chest. He had to do something, otherwise, they would lose him, and that was something he wouldn't allow, no matter what Dean asked or ordered. He would heal him, even if he was banished from the life of the brothers for it. Without thinking about the consequences, Castiel took a step forward and reached out his hand.
Castiel raised an eyebrow and stared at Dean. He waited for him to continue, but he didn't. The angel considered for a moment whether he should say something, or should offer his help one more time, but decided against it. He couldn't help Dean if he didn't allow it and he wouldn't. Dean's facial expression had changed from hurt to closed and Castiel had noticed it immediately. He turned away resignedly.
With that, he turned back to the map and followed with his eyes the path which Dean would have most likely taken. Castiel looked embarrassed and amazed at Sam, who only lifted his shoulder - just as if he wanted to say 'That's exactly how it is'.
He put on his most charming smile, just hoping not to get exposed. Stella grinned to herself, probably looking forward to doing what had happened to the others with Dean.
The whole situation was just too much for Dean. He could control his feelings, had learned from an early age to put them on the back burner, but this curse ruined everything! The need for affection, for touch, was like a tingling sensation under his skin that he couldn't really ignore. It burned like a fire in him that threatened to devour everything. But he would be damned if he hurt the ones he loved because of it. He would rather numb his feelings with alcohol and be in a bad mood all day because of it.
Dean took a step towards him but stopped immediately. How should he help him? He couldn't even put his hand on his shoulder until the pain subsided. He let his arms hang weakly and waited until Sam stopped breathing painfully through his clenched teeth. It took a few minutes, but when he finally raised his head, he smiled at Dean.
"You should have realized by now that we don't fit into any statistics." And already Sam's strong arms closed around him and pulled him into a strong, comforting hug. "I'm happy for both of you. Now we just have to make it clear to Dean that his feelings for you are not out of place."
"Okay! Okay, get out of here!" Sam interrupted him and waved his hand in the direction of the brothel.
It was always amazing what happened to Dean when Castiel pronounced his name in this tone...caring but also willing to rip him a new one if necessary. He looked down and dropped his shoulders. Castiel knew this attitude. He knew that he had won and that Dean would talk to him. So he took another step towards his friend and leaned forward a little so that he could look Dean in the eye.
"I won't say it again," said Dean, almost growled. "Leave her alone, or you will have to deal with me."
"You don't really think he's coming in, do you?" He barked, with a knowing tone in his harsh voice. "I thought you knew him better by now, Castiel. Dean must be over the mountains!"
With a crack, Dean's fist thundered against the mirror, which shattered and cut into his fingers. Hissing, he sucked in air between his teeth and pressed a towel against his fingers to stop the bleeding. Back in the room, he tried to remove the small pieces of glass from the wounds, but he couldn't because his hand was shaking too much.
With these words, Dean got out and went to the trunk. He took out one of his silver knives and put it in his pocket. Dean briefly considered taking a pistol with him, but if anyone noticed it, he would be thrown out of the bar in no time. So he left it with the knife. Sam only got out when he gave him another questioning and annoyed look. His brother was still too hesitant for Dean's liking when it came to such things. It was all well and good to have double and triple coverage - but that wasn't always the case. Sometimes you had to plunge into the unknown and make the best of it.
He almost laughed at these thoughts because it was the pure irony that he wasn't allowed to let Castiel near him so the angel wouldn't be hurt and, in return, not to be hurt himself. Sighing, he drank the other half of the beer in his hand and went straight to the next.
"I know that you two are making nasty remarks!" Dean grumbled when he stopped next to Sam and looked at him with dark eyes.
He went deeper and deeper into the hall but kept a close eye on his surroundings. Nevertheless, he didn't see the movement next to him, and neither heard the soft crunch of sand under the soles of a shoe. It only took seconds until Dean hit a blow on the shoulder, and he was thrown against a box. The impact forced the air out of his lungs and left him staring at the ceiling for a moment, totally confused. Then he heard Sam scream and made his body move.
Dean propped himself up on the sink and stared at his reflection. He looked first at his chest, which had been torn a few minutes ago and on which white lines could now be seen; then his neck - which was also covered with new scars and finally his eyes. But he didn't look into his own green eyes; he saw blue ones, so full of pain and...something else. Surprise? Amazement? Disbelief maybe? Dean couldn't tell, only that they were Castiel's eyes that looked back from the mirror, like a few minutes ago in the other room.
Cas drops his hand, Dean kicks the carpet back into place, and they sit there in silence for a long time, exchanging the joint back and forth. The sounds of the camp filter through the sorry excuse for a door: a Jeep backfiring here, an unfamiliar man's voice yelling there. Birds calling to each other. Cas redirects his gaze to the ceiling at some point and stretches his left arm out against the back of the couch, shoving his sleeve up, and bringing his knee up against his chest. He looks peaceful, like he's blown out every single piece of tension in his body along with the smoke.
Cas spread his legs further, his hands still cupping his own thighs, and Dean followed up on that invitation to take out his dick. Dean could wimp out and just jerk him off, but he'd considered it in the car, and that definitely didn't count as popping Cas's cherry. Besides, Jimmy had been cut, like all nice Midwestern boys, and there was no way Dean was going to leave in retreat for lube. Really, it'd just be easier to blow him.
"What about not freaking out my camp and fucking up my spot do you not understand?" he demands, punctuating it with a shake. "Even I knew how to listen sometimes."
His other self does something that makes Cas gasp. "I told you," Cas says, smiling into Dean's hip crease. "I had plans."
The fearless leader shit is starting to really piss Dean off, which is obviously why Cas does it. For all that he's changed, he's still got his fingers on all Dean's buttons. Cas licks the joint closed efficiently, nothing showy about it. Dean shifts around on the couch and thinks about unearthing the cooler for another regrettable beer. Cas lights it and takes a long pull, eyes closing in divine ecstasy. It's the closest Dean's seen him to genuinely happy the whole time he's been cooped up in this fucking camp. Dean flips the corner of the rug up with his foot.
"Your bed is such a piece of shit," his future self says. "Lie to me and tell me you've changed the sheets recently."
Dean tries again. "Don't you have somewhere else to be? That orgy, maybe?" Zachariah had clearly inserted him right in the middle of some twisted up Aesop's fable for a reason, and while Dean would like his other self to just get to the fucking point and spit out the moral already, he isn't exactly raring to go and figure out what he's supposed to take away from Cas. Best case: Zach just wanted a Cas without enough juice to zap him back home before 2014 Dean could stop blue-balling him about everything that went down with Sammy's future death, but there's never a best case with the angels. It's only been a handful of days since he and Cas confronted Raphael back in Maine, and he's got the sinking feeling that this take on Cas might be connected.
Dean shuffled closer, nudging Cas's legs apart further. Cas let him. He didn't poof out in a rustle of wings. He didn't shove Dean off of him. Dean rested one hand on his shoulder, the safest possible option, and squeezed. His trench coat was still partly hanging off of him. It'd be so easy to slide his hand under it and push it the rest of the way off. "Do you need me to spell it out for you?"
There are a number of ways Dean could get out of his grip. The other him's got a good hold on his jacket, but Dean's arms aren't sufficiently pinned. Dean could pry his hands off him or sharply shove the heel of his palm into his nose and break it that way again. A knee to the groin is a classic for a reason. Or a good old knee kick.
Still standing, Dean looks down and considers his own sandwiches. He's hungry—of course he's hungry, an angel jerked him from his bed and shoved him in a place where he's been too busy getting jerked around and run around to eat very much of anything—but his hunger had congealed into faint nausea about the time he'd heard about Sam. The scent of whatever crap incense Cas is burning isn't helping, though it does smell remarkably fresh for a den of iniquity. Maybe the beaded curtain for a front door was a strategic choice to help air it all out.
"And I would feel a little more reassured about being here if I had a gun." Who locked the drawers of their nightstand? Paranoid fucker. Dean had the nail he'd used to free himself tucked in his boot, but he wasn't sure if this Cas would stop him if he resorted to lockpicking right in front of him.
The dirty dishes, empty bottles—Cas pawns off the rest of his beer on Dean, and Dean mechanically wraps his lips around the mouth and drains it in one go—and cooler all get tidied away. Cas grabs an intricately carved wooden box from a corner of the room and places it on his lap. He pops the lid and pulls out rolling papers and a glass jar crammed full of ground weed. Dean examines the carvings on the box, something about them seems familiar.
"Before you stormed in, we were discussing time," Cas says, incandescently furious, and swings his dissecting gaze back onto Dean. Well, it's not like Dean didn't know what he was doing with that dig about Zachariah. "Speaking of, when exactly in 2009 did you say you were from?"
Completely ignored, Dean averts his gaze, stomach flipping over, and shuffles off the bed. None of his clothes are where he'd expect them. He's pretty sure the socks he grabs are his only in the future, but he can't bear to stay to witness this for another second. This shit is why he sleeps in his clothes in motels: faster getaways. By the time they emerge from the bedroom after him, Dean's fully dressed and has drained another beer dry.
"I don't know why you were so worried," Cas addresses the ceiling again. "I'm an eminently qualified Dean Winchester babysitter. I got you through everything with the Seals. It makes sense that Zachariah would entrust me again with your care." He pokes Dean in the thigh on the
He relocates his hands to Cas's thick hair and pets through it. It's softer than he expected but slightly greasy. He wrenches his eyes shut.
Cas, on the other hand, is not keeping his eyes on the fucking prize. He'd shed his jacket and his shirt, revealing several mouth-shaped bruises along his collarbone, but he still has pants on. Like a man with a plan, Cas zeroes in on Dean and maneuvers him up against the headboard, propped up by some of those stupid decorative pillows from the living room, the bed creaking out a counterpoint melody to the sounds of their breathing.
Dean shakes his head. Two light beers and two fingers of whiskey hasn't been enough to stagger him since he was maybe fourteen, but drinking himself dumb is currently a lot less appealing than it was before he'd known what kind of shitty liquor he'd have to get through to do it.
Dean didn't think that angels could scar. He futzes with the rug placement again. He should stop being so obvious and just stay still, but his grip on his self-control has become lax. "I thought you'd given all that up to devote yourself to the other great mystery of the universe: women."
The last time they'd been this close had been in Maine. Dean had driven them back from the whorehouse and had thought up something monumentally stupid. To be honest, in the way that Dean tried very hard not to be, he'd come up with the bones of this boneheaded plan about the time he'd started prodding Cas about cloud seeding. But in Baby, the idea had oozed itself out of his subconsciousness, and he hadn't immediately shoved it back down. Cas more than deserved to see the highlights of the human experience and sex was about top of that list. If this was Cas's last hurrah, it wasn't exactly fair of Dean to dangle the possibility in front of him and then snatch it away. Dean almost owed him one just for that. And Cas had died for him, given everything up for him, pulled him out of both Heaven and Hell; all of that together was a debt too.
At once, Cas gets back up, plucks the Twinkie off Dean's plate, and shoves most of it into his mouth. He'd clearly been educated in the Dean Winchester school for table manners and doesn't completely close his mouth as he chews. Although Dean
A cooler miraculously materializes from under Cas's end of the couch. Cas pulls a bottle out, sets it up against an end table, and slams his hand down on the top, smoothly popping the lid off. All without breaking eye contact. As soon as the bottle is in Dean's hand, he tips his head back, and El Sol's familiar thin bitter flavor fills his mouth. Free beer's free beer, but this doesn't have the ABV he was hoping for, not to mention that the temperature is hovering closer to lukewarm than ice cold, really allowing that astringent piss taste to shine through.
Cas smirks a little and that's still a shock to see. Regular Cas is always so stiff, stomping around with that surgically-implanted stick up his ass. It was almost if a smile would crack his face right open. Hell, probably crack
Dean scrambles upright and more firmly back onto his side of the couch. "Wait, how do you know about Back to the Future II?"
Dean gets ten minutes, maybe fifteen, alone in his older, much douchier doppelgänger's cabin, under his own strict orders not to leave and freak out the residents, before Castiel interrupts his search for more heavy-duty weaponry. He'd liberated himself a knife right after liberating himself from those handcuffs, but he'd feel better with a gun tucked securely into his waistband.
"Your best buddy Zachariah nabbed me in KC," Dean says. Cas, completely livid, looks more like himself than he has the whole time Dean's been here. He should leave. He should slink back to his future cabin and wait to be collected. But this Cas is familiar enough that Dean feels caught by his gaze.
It's all too good. All so overpoweringly awesome. "Cas, Cas," Dean says, watching his hand run through Cas's hair.
"Something else?" Cas asks with a sidewise smile, twisting his half-full bottle between his hands. "I have to admit, beer isn't one of my favored vices."
Well, at least he's just as literal as always. Dean sits back on his heels and looks over at Cas. He's about six feet away, too far to really count as looming over Dean, but he scrambles to his feet anyway.
Dean made one of his we'll-see-soon-enough-faces and turned the music up a bit. They pulled into Richmond to the sound of Highway to Hell.
Snorting, he kicked a can in front of him as he walked through the streets. Dean hoped to clear his head a little. Of course, he could have stayed at the motel, but it probably wouldn't have turned out well for his brother if Sam kept making fun of him.
Dean has always had a very low opinion of himself regardless of his demeanor. He didn't hate himself, but he didn't love himself either. The curse did the rest because Dean refused any kind of physical contact. Nobody was allowed to touch him, out of fear that he would injure the person. Castiel could literally watch as Dean began to long for touches and body contact and wanted to help. But Dean didn't allow it.
Dean had expected anything - pain and agony, a lightning strike or whatever. But not the feeling of lips on his, and hearing the rustle of wings.
The pub was no different from any other. It stank of smoke and alcohol, was poorly lit, and had several nooks and crannies in which you could withdraw if you wanted to have some private time. The people there glanced at them, as most of them did at strangers. Some looks were curious, others disinterested, few could be interpreted as hostile. It was basically the same as always when they walked into a pub - nothing new.
Sam and Castiel couldn't prevent their worry from growing. They both hoped this new case would throw Dean off his head. At least he could vent his pent-up feelings on the monsters they killed.
She stormed up to him and punched him on the left cheek. Dean felt how he bit his lip and blood collected in his mouth. The next moment she rammed the dagger into his left shoulder. Laughing, she turned it a little and watched as Dean tried doggedly not to scream. He could feel his muscles being cut and the blade scraping across bones. When she pulled it out, he screamed nevertheless.
Dean had done everything possible to prevent his family from tracking him down. First, he'd taken a car from Bobby's yard, not the Impala. He didn't drive the car for long, however, as Bobby knew all the roadworthy cars he had around. He parked it in Sioux Falls and continued on foot. They would be looking for car thefts, and therefore, he didn't commit any. Dean wasn't going to be found the same way he'd found Sam back then - with thefts so atypical of him that it literally screamed of him. In the town next to Sioux Falls, he had rented a motel room and hadn't moved any further. He definitely didn't intend to, because no one would suspect he'd stayed around. They would surely be looking for clues that were further away.
"Dean!" This time Castiel yelled back at him because he knew that he could only get through to Dean in this way.
In the next moment, the familiar rustling of wings sounded, and Castiel stood next to them. It was only a split second before he understood the situation and acted. Two werewolves were dead within no time, the third ran away, but Castiel pursued it.
He was trudging through the dark streets when suddenly noises filled the silent air. He could hear two male voices and a woman who seemed to be protesting loudly against them. An almost malicious grin appeared on his lips as he stepped into the alley from which the voices came. If the two of them molested a woman, he would make them regret going out that evening and maybe even get rid of his pent-up anger.
Dean felt his breath quicken, and his chest tighten. That couldn't be! He was here to protect Sam, not to kill him! He must be able to do something! Castiel was the only one who could do something for his brother now.
"I just mean," she shrugged. "At least it shouldn't be difficult for him to find a girl he likes and who doesn't mind a little pain while doing the thing."
Dean didn't respond. He just got out and walked around the car. From the trunk, he took his pistol, three magazines - with silver ammunition, of course - and a knife that was also made of silver. He threw the same things to Sam when he appeared next to the car.
"But I know," he was gently interrupted by the angel. "How should you react differently in your condition? I see how much the curse torments you, and I want to help you, but that is only possible if you let me. I maybe could find a way to break the curse if you let me touch..."
Sam knew what was coming next and that there was nothing he could do about it. Before he could say another word, before he could even think of it, Dean got up and started walking.
Sighing, Dean rubbed his hands over his face and finally let them rest on his eyes. That would surely be a pleasant trip...he was already arming himself against any kind of reproach or need for an explanation from Sam and the iron silence of Castiel. He could handle that, it had always been like that...He just didn't want them to worry about him or, worse, pity him. He couldn't stand that.
Dean hated how much his voice was trembling and how hard he had to try not to burst into tears again. God how much he hated that curse and himself for it. How could one be so stupid and believe a witch would save her life rather than destroy the life of her murderer?
The smile was forced, and the tone of voice belied his words. Dean felt how anger rose in him, which was directed irrationally against Sam. He didn't understand why his brother had to lie in such a situation. It had hurt, otherwise, he wouldn't have screamed! Dean couldn't bear that he lied just to protect his feelings.
Dean shook his head. He hadn't meant to sound so harsh, but it was better that way. After all, Cas shouldn't find out anything about his feelings. He was an angel, damn it, and Dean was the exact opposite, at least in his own view.
It was the smaller of the two. He ran up to Dean, took a swing, and was almost simultaneously hit by Dean's fist below the chin. He let out a sound of pain that could be compared to a grunt and fell to one side.
So this StepIn was their best clue. With a bit of luck, they would find their monster and be back at the motel before midnight.
"That was pretty unreasonable. He just wants to help," said Sam when the familiar rustling of Cas's wings had ceased.
He had to look for a moment and finally held it out to Dean. That grabbed it, and a second later, Sam let out a scream and went down on his knees. Their fingertips were touching.
"The werewolves...it...it was an ambush. One of them threw Sam on me...while...I...I had my hand on his chest...Cas...I...Help him, please!" Dean stammered, much too fast and anxious.
In fact, the angel stopped and turned back to him. There was a mixture of surprise and relief in his face, which Dean couldn't just ignore.
Both jumped up from their seats and ran to him. But Dean raised his hands defensively and took a few steps backward.
"Of course," she smiled and let him get in first. "I don't meet a gentleman like you every day. I have to take advantage of that."
"I really like gentlemen, Dean,' Stella mumbled, biting his neck lightly. "But you can touch what you see."
"I don't care, man," Dean mimicked his tone. "Whether it's a closet or something like it. I just want my own room. Those idiots have been keeping me up for the fourth night. If I don't get some sleep soon, I'll run amok, and I don't think you want to experience that!"
The words came harder over his lips than he had intended. Immediately he was sorry for them, but they were spoken and there was nothing he could do about that. Dean closed his eyes for a moment to get his troubled emotions under control again.
In the next moment, Dean turned on the music to fade out the conversation between Sam and Cas. He didn't want to take part in their little discussions right now before his mood got even darker.
backed away. He dropped his arm and bit his lip, anger, horror, but also worry and doubt were reflected on his features.
"I...I don't understand..." stuttered Dean and kept himself from pressing his head in Castiel's hand with all his might. "How can you...That's impossible..."
The first sentence was his own voice, the second that of his father. Yes, John had often called him a girl when he complained about discomfort, cut, or other wounds. Dean knew that everyone had different pain thresholds and that his own was much higher than that of "normal" people. Still, there was an individual level of pain that no one couldn't stand and that was okay. At least he kept saying this to others to make them feel better. But this knowledge, unfortunately, didn't prevent his thoughts from returning to what his father had said; just as little as it prevented them from bringing his self-reproaches into play.
The helplessness, which he had also felt when Sam had passed out because of him, attacked his body again and made him slump. He had hurt Cas even though he had sworn he would never let it get that far again. He looked guilty at his hands, which were clenched into fists, so tight that his knuckles turned white.
He tried to put the key in the lock once more and was prevented from doing so. But this time, because the door was opened.
"With you and which army, fairy?" The smaller of the two wanted to know and a grin crept over his face as if he were putting on a distorted mask.
Dean walked straight to the bar and ordered two beers, Sam joined him a little later. They scanned the crowd, looking for something unusual, but couldn't see anything.
But before he could say anything, Castiel's fingers were already on his brother's forehead. At first, nothing happened, except that the bleeding stopped. Little by little the wounds on Dean's arms closed, and Sam began to doubt his skills of observation. However, he then looked at Castiel's face, which spoke volumes.
"Damn it, do angels even have a pulse at all?" Dean muttered and let himself sink from the bed to the floor.
Dean dodged the next blow simply by jumping to the side. At the same time, he reached out himself and thundered his fist into the attacker's temple. He went down with a distorted gasp and just lay there, too. It was always shocking how quickly people could be turned off, in contrast to the monsters he usually fought against.
"I don't know, but I don't think that werewolves can be so inconspicuous that no neighbor will find out their secret," Sam replied with a grin, simply to ease the mood.
Castiel jumped to his feet and spun around, ready to defend himself against anything and everything. Apparently, he wasn't fully back in the here and now.
Two days after meeting Stella, they had discovered a vampire nest and Dean had been injured by one of the monsters. The wound was deep, looked like someone had tried to tear open his arm with a roughly planed piece of wood. Normally it wouldn't have been a problem for Castiel - one touch and everything would be forgotten. However, Dean declined the offer vehemently.
But he couldn't think any further, because in the next moment his hand found what he had been looking for all the time. He took the pistol firmly in his hand, cocked the hammer, and pressed it directly against the forehead of the werewolf.
Dean couldn't remember entering the house, but just a moment later he found himself with his back crushed against the wall. Stella's hands wandered over his torso, unbuttoned his shirt, stroked his skin. Dean's breath went faster, unsteady, excited. He felt his pants tighten and prayed that Sam would hurry up. No matter how well he controlled himself, at some point, his body would no longer be able to resist - regardless if he wanted to or not. The hand, which was just on his chest, wandered lower and drew another gasp from him.
Sam was about to reply something, but Dean started the car, and immediately the guitar solo from Enter Sandman struck them. Dean made no move to turn the music down, and Sam knew better than to try it.
The bang made his ears ring, but at least he wasn't torn to pieces. Dean lay still for a moment to catch his breath, then pushed the dead body off of him and rolled over to the side. With gritted teeth, he pulled himself to his feet and held onto one of the shelves.
"I helped a girl who was molested by two guys. They were no big deal - just giant, drunk idiots. I gave her my jacket and offered to bring her home," he raised his voice a little when Sam wanted to interrupt him. "Not because I wanted to do that with her, Sam. She was practically still a child. I really just wanted to bring her home, make sure that other guys like that don't try to bother her. I offered her my arm, and...When she accepted it...she suddenly screamed in pain and backed away. I wanted to explain to her that I didn't do anything...that I couldn't help it, but by then, she was gone. It was like the woman in the brothel."
Dean snorted and downed the rest of his beer. Just as he was about to get up, he saw how Stella had a small pouch disappear into the jacket pocket of a man walking by.
One hit the gun out of Dean's hand, another grabbed Sam and threw him through the air. Before Dean could react somehow, Sam crashed into his body, and they fell to the ground. Dean's hand landed on Sam's chest, which made him scream in agony. Dean tore his hand away immediately, but Sam's eyes had already rolled back in his head, and he had passed out.
"You want to know something about the men who are disappearing here," interjected Trish, a real beauty in Dean's eyes.
Castiel had no answer the next morning on how to break the curse. Not even two weeks later when they were on their way to see Bobby. He had searched so hard for answers as never before because he saw what the curse was doing in Dean. The last two weeks have been torture for Dean, and for him and Sam who couldn't do anything to help him.
Yes, they teased each other a lot - very often, and Dean took his joy in it- but Sam really didn't have to make fun of the situation in the brothel. The whole thing was bad enough for Dean.
Just a blink of an eye later, Castiel collapsed and remained motionless on the floor. Sam immediately crouched down next to him and shook him.
"I just don't want to stand in front of Sammy so agitated, that's all...Please, just a few minutes."
Castiel ground his teeth. He wasn’t a charity case, he was a sex worker. Not a very experienced one, but he knew he wasn’t going to make his living anywhere else.
He moved Dean’s leg up and to the side so he could access his goal. He blew lightly against the pucker, making Dean shiver and gasp his name. Cas sucked one of his own fingers into his mouth and when it was sufficiently wet, ran it lightly over the opening, not entering, just stroking over the skin. Dean exhaled heavily and moved his hips into the touch. Slowly, Cas pushed his finger in up to the first knuckle and rotated it gently. Dean broke into a litany of Cas’s name and profanity.
Dean put his hands on either side of Castiel’s hips and moved him, thrusting into him and rubbing every mind-searingly hot inch of his glorious cock against Castiel’s. “That’s it,” he crowed, kissing Castiel shallowly between words. “That’s it, Cas. Is this doin’ it for you? Got you so hard for me, just like this?” Castiel nodded, not even hearing sentences anymore, but lost in the sweat and feel of Dean’s mouth beneath his. “Such a good boy, bringing so good on my lap.”
He scrolled, cursing their luck. This might take longer than he thought, and someone else could get hurt in the meantime.
The older man leaned in close to Castiel’s ear and whispered, “I want to open you up with my fingers.” He laved his tongue over Castiel’s ear and down his neck. Castiel’s entire body shuddered. “And then I want to fuck you.”
Castiel worked the zipper of his own jeans down, and was working diligently on Dean’s. When he released Dean's cock, he took extra care in making sure he was all the way hard. Dean’s shaft was hot in his hands, fluid from the head slicking his way. When Castiel added a slight twist in his stroke, Dean let loose a litany of soft noises, ones Castiel drank in like water in the desert.
"Are we really going to do this right now? You want me to sing the song? 'The hip bone's connected to the leg bone'?"
“Don’t be ashamed of this, Cas. It’s meant to make you hot. You still good or do you want me to stop?” Castiel blushed hotly and shook his head. Dean waited until he dragged his hands away from his crotch before continuing. Dean stepped out of his pants and swept them to the side with his foot. He pulled his socks off next. When he straightened up, Castiel could see the outline of his erection through the thin cotton of his black boxer briefs. He palmed himself a few times before placing both hands behind his back. Castiel felt his breath catch.
Dean grabbed his bags and stormed out the door, threw everything in the Impala waiting outside, and jammed the key in the ignition, tearing out the parking lot. He didn’t register the hot tears running down his face until he hit the county line ten miles down the road.
Working his jaw, Castiel watched as Trevor sipped his beer and examined the books collected in the small bookcase. He had a few options here. Trevor clearly liked him, liked him enough to spend time with him and keep spending time with him enough to come home with him. Trevor was certainly attractive—well-built, athletic, perfectly symmetrical face. His eyes were hazel in the dim light of his apartment.
He didn’t really mean to get caught up with Cas again after the first time. Every time he kissed Cas, he knew it was going to be harder to pull away. One of the shittiest things about this life was how many people he had to leave behind, both physically and metaphorically. Even if by some miracle, Cas didn’t end up dead or injured because of him in the long run, there wasn’t a whole lot about Dean that would be suitable for anything resembling a long term relationship.
In all honesty, he hadn’t been looking for someone like Castiel. Even with all the money he had ever wanted, he never thought to spend it on cheap love. Sex was fun, sure, but buying it off someone just felt dirty. Like he wasn’t deserving of their affections. And yeah, Dean tended to get clingy after sex—he was a tactile person, sue him!—which made the prospect of getting an escort all the weirder. Dean had this old notion that sex meant love. He knew it was old fashioned, and he regularly got teased for it by his college buddies and more, but it was how he and his brother had been raised. If you didn’t love someone, you didn’t do the deed with them. Dean was sure that his mother had only been trying to prevent any shotgun weddings—hey, her kids were lookers, and she knew that early on—but the lesson had stuck with him. Of course, he’d bent the rules a bit from time to time; ‘love’ was a fuzzy concept at best. You could fall in temporary love with a stranger, and who would deny a pretty stranger a night in the back of his car? He’d made countless people fall to pieces with pleasure, because of the magic of a few shots of tequila, or the right song in the right bar. He loved making people feel good. He’d only really fallen in love a handful of times, though. He was determined not to fuck it up anymore in his “grown up years.” He just didn’t have the time anymore. He loved getting to know people, even more now that he hardly had time to have a proper conversation with his secretaries, loved talking with them about anything. He craved human contact, would do anything for some human touch.
“Okay, okay. Bossy.” Dean turned away, reaching for his cell. He lay back against the pillows, waiting for his phone to turn on. When the power screen cleared, Dean’s phone was also hit by more than a dozen texts and missed phone calls, turning his cell into a vibrating brick. He looked to Castiel with a questioning look, panic rising in his eyes. “Um, Cas? …did I miss something?”
Castiel’s knee twitched. He felt jittery. He knew exactly what he would like to ask Dean to do. Knew he wanted to let this man suck him off. He’d never had a blowjob before; he’d given them plenty of times, but not one guy had ever bothered to reciprocate. “I can ask for anything?” Castiel’s voice sounded shaky to his own ears and he hated it.
“Okay. Okay, fine. Have it your way, dude. Enjoy the ghosts.” Dean turned on his heel, stomping back out the door to the parking lot. He’d really have to wait until Mr. Teacher-of-the-Year went home for the night. Of course, now that they’d run into each other, the man would probably be lingering to see if he came back
Dean rolled his eyes, fighting a smile. “Have a drink with me first before you start your goodbyes, ya big sap. You earned it.” He punched Cas in the arm playfully.
Dean watched him attentively. “Maybe we should have set up a safe word for you earlier, if I knew we’d be doing a practical demonstration.” The corner of his mouth lifted slightly.
Then Dean shifted the vibrator so it smoothed all over the head of his leaking cock and all chances of keeping quiet flew out the large bay window.
“You’re spending too much time at that law office. Startin’ to go impotent.” Dean said, earning him a throw pillow to the face. He cackled in response.
“Depends on the occasion.” Castiel put down his brush, coming around the easel to lean against his own bench. They were several feet apart, but the heat in the room was slowly kicking up a few notches.
“I’m on my way.” The line clicked and Castiel was left with the sodium flare yellow of the street light washing out his skin and the bustle of the bar behind him.
Missouri has stopped trying to lure him upstairs for what she calls a “proper family dinner” because she knows it’s no use, and he just won’t go. He works in the garage, goes to work (what’s left of it), runs around the neighborhood when he can’t stand the feeling of his own house, goes to bed. He doesn’t go to bars, he doesn’t call Sam as often as he should, and he doesn’t go near the covered canvas in the corner of his workspace.
Dean pulled out the photograph from his jacket pocket. He smoothed it out and handed it over. “See for yourself.”
Castiel whipped out of the garage as fast as he could, turning onto the main driveway. He sped towards the gate, not able to look in the rearview mirror, forgetting his bag, trying desperately to forget the man in the lakeside mansion he was leaving behind. Dean didn't love him, no matter what he said. The best he could do was chalk the encounter up to a learning experience and move on. It was one of the rules, after all.
A moment of silence passed between them. “You’ll have to show me what you want, I don’t know what I’m doing.” Castiel leaned forward, halfway looking for reasons for the man to back out of his offer.
“Well, I’ve met the other Winchester brother, so that’s out of the question, and I thought I knew all of his friends.”
“Get down here and kiss me.” Dean ground out, a tendon in his neck fluttering. When Castiel’s mouth met his, it was nothing like the achingly sweet kisses he and Dean sometimes shared. This was raw power, barely contained. This was hands clenching around biceps, hands pushing Castiel’s ass into Dean, hands everywhere. This was Castiel feeling utterly powerless to stop whatever was going on, if he’d even wanted to. This was heat racketing up another three notches between them roiling all underneath Castiel’s skin. This was hair-pulling, and sloppy lips, and Dean completely owning him.
“—I want you.” Dean said suddenly, his eyes getting bigger and more panicked the longer Castiel talked. Castiel smiled sadly and hushed him.
“Sorta like a… dang, what do they call those—like, a fedora?” Kevin gestured with his hands on top of his head. “But like, rounder on top.”
Dean ran his hand through his hair and cracked a joint in his spine. “I can handle roommates. Piece of cake.”
To Sam’s credit, they made it all the way through salad and one round of spaghetti before he tried pointing out the painfully obvious truth to Dean.
“He doesn’t have you trapped there, does he? Like some kept boy? You’re gonna come home eventually, aren't you?” How am I going to pay the rent by myself? she’s really asking. Castiel hadn't thought that part through yet. He couldn't leave Anna.
Sure enough, near the bottom—damn near the end—was a tiny entry, only a paragraph long, alongside a familiar looking picture.
“Nope. We’re gonna go out there, and you’re gonna talk to people who want to ask you questions, and you’re gonna be the most charming guy out there.”
Sam came around to visit now too. Dean had asked Castiel, one night when they were curled up in Dean’s bed, if he’d like to properly meet the younger Winchester brother. Castiel had been caught a bit unaware the last time Sam had come over, and genuinely wanted a chance to meet the brother Dean was so fond of. So now, not only did Sam and Castiel talk, they were fast friends, much to the chagrin of Dean. Castiel and Sam bonded over books, movies, and even (to Castiel’s unending delight and Dean’s confusion) their shared hatred of Paul Gaugín.
“Nope,” Dean said, popping the ‘p’. “I have been around long enough to recognize that this place is in serious need of repairs, though. ‘Specially your roof near the curtain and in the corner here.”
Of course, it also could have had something to do with the man whose gaze was boring white-hot holes into him.
“Well… the regular drama teacher isn’t here,” the man said, wringing his own hands. “He’s at home, likely.”
The man shook his head. “I don’t even really know why I’m here either. Thought it might help clear up… everything, but I don’t know. I don’t think I’m gay… but how do you know?” The man looked up at him with such a lost expression, that Castiel couldn't help but feel bad for him. “How do you know you want the person that you think you want?”
Screw it, Anna was curious. “Then why send him away? Castiel wasn’t making a whole lot of sense that day, but he was pretty clear on that. You didn’t want him there.”
“Dean—!” Castiel made an abortive attempt at another sentence before Dean pressed right into the head of his cock again, causing the heat to crest up and overtake him. He drew in a deep breath and he curled in on himself and Dean. Come striped up his chest and all over Dean’s hand as his legs shook. He gasped out a mixture of Dean’s name and a long string of
“Well…” Cas started, “I’m being let go. I had a bit of an episode. Stress, you know.” Cas shuffled nervously.
Anyway, thank you for reading. It's been an absolute pleasure. Follow me on Tumblr to keep in touch and to see what I'm working on next.
. If there wasn’t some legend floating around that some tragic actress stabbed herself on stage, it wouldn't even
He was still panting and sprawled bonelessly when Cas finally granted him mercy and popped back up, grinning smugly. Cas sat next to him on the couch, pants tented obscenely, and with a low fire burning in his eyes, even in the dim light. Dean tried to make himself more comfortable to lie on when Cas fit himself next to him, but his muscles still weren’t cooperating.
Even after all the hurt this man had put him through, he couldn’t stand watching Dean fake being okay when they were both clearly not. He sighed. “How long did you drive?”
Dean shrugged. “He doesn’t know anything.” He leaned back against the car next to Castiel. For November, it was a bit chilly, but nowhere near as cold as he knew Nebraska could get. He wasn’t looking forward to the bitter cold December and January could unleash. Maybe he’d set out for the South before that hit.
“Still,” Sarah pulls away and goes to the pantry, one of the only doors in the condo, and opens it, taking stock of ingredients for what Sam hopes is chicken parmesan, “I can’t say I really blame the guy. That Castiel guy seemed to really have a big chunk of his heart. Can’t be easy to just get over that.”
Standing on shaky legs, Castiel walked over to the window to stand beside Dean. He hooked a finger around the heavy fabric of the curtain, tugging it aside to see the view of the front gate. Indeed, a swarm of reporters hovered in front of the gate, some even hanging off the gate itself, balancing their cameras as they try to hoist themselves over the metal. “Do you think they’ll get in?”
“You know this isn’t your fault, right?” Dean said, nudging Castiel’s arm. “I just can’t keep my hands off you, even at that restaurant. That’s our problem.” Dean stretched across the back of the seat, putting his arm around Castiel’s shoulders and tugging him close.
Kaiser led the three of them into the bar area, a cramped seating area pressed around a long L-shape counter. A pool table stood in the corner like it wasn’t sure it had enough room. Tube TVs hung in each corner of the dimly-lit space, and neon signs for various beers decorated the walls. The floors were carpeted with the same thick floral rug that ran along the hallways and dining room, but it was slightly dirtier here. It could have passed for dozens of small-town bars across America.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Anyway, here’s the deal. I’ll give you the surprise, but you need to pick a safeword.”
Castiel wasn’t sure the cobblestones would ever end, but they eventually curved around an exquisite fountain that jutted twenty feet up into the air, and rolled into a paved courtyard.
Cas gestured weakly to his left leg, which was twisted at a strange angle, either from the blow from the metal pipe or his fall from the ladder. “Think my wrist,” he winced as he shifted slowly to a sitting position. “Not terr’ble”
Balthazar had smiled, rather smugly in Castiel’s opinion, down at his desk. “If you think that’s necessary, you should consider your options. You could also push a few of these classes off until next year. Don’t want you to get… overwhelmed with your financial situation.”
Dean had always hated the press. Hated that they stuck their nose in places it didn’t belong, hated that they acted offended when they weren’t invited to company parties and events, hated that they all called him by his first name like they were old pals. He remembered one time his father reduced to nearly decking a rather insouciant member of the press right when Dean was about fourteen. He’d just come out as bisexual to his family and had started hanging around with a boy from school—Alex. He and Alex did everything together, both in school and out. Dean thought he was in love—and the press thought they’d start a family scandal. On their way to dinner one night, the press member tried to corner Dean into an impromptu interview outside a steak joint in downtown Manhattan. He’d been overly nosy, asking Dean how his family felt about the match. How they felt knowing Dean was out and proud. Were they happy? Were they disappointed? How would his mother have reacted? How the press had found out about he and Alex, he still hadn’t worked out past one of those things that the press magically seemed to find out about. Dean hadn’t had the words to explain it. He was flustered, embarrassed, and more than a little scared. He’d never seen his father push someone else before, not outside of play, but the way the reporter went sprawling to the ground, chasing his camera, told Dean that this was no ordinary altercation. Dean had been hurried into the car with their driver and younger brother. A short squabble outside of the car prompted Sam to ask what was going on, but their driver, Blake, assured the boys it was probably nothing and that Mr. Winchester would handle it. When John returned to the car, he told Blake to drive and to “mow down anyone who gets in your way.” After a moment, he turned to the backseat, where his boys sat. He said, “You don’t give those leeches an ounce of your time if you don’t want to give it. They’ve bothered me my entire life, they drove your mother mad. Don’t—“ he broke off. “Just walk away from them.” Sam and Dean had nodded dutifully, like good sons.
Castiel took a long sip of water. “So what you’re saying is that I need to be careful before I get in too deep with Dean?”
“I dunno,” Castiel leaned back in his chair. “he might be just a client, but he’s one of the best clients I’ve ever had. I might need to hang on to him for a while.”
what you’re doing here. Sorry, but I know you’re not Jerry.” He stabbed Dean’s overalls with a finger right over the embroidered name.
“Well—“ Castiel was backpedaling as fast as he could. Adler advanced towards him, face nearly purple.
They made out lazily for a few minutes, enjoying the quiet and the warmth of the sun still coming in the window. Impulsively, Castiel reached out and pinned the hand that wasn’t skimming up and down his back to the bed above Dean’s head. Dean arched up underneath him, gripping his hips with one hand to pull Castiel’s body more fully across his own.
Now that it was morning, Dean glanced around the room. He hadn’t thought to inspect Cas’s decor choices the first time he was here. Cas was pretty minimalist in his decorating. He had a few black and white sketches of buildings—probably places in Chicago, Dean reasoned—but not much else on the walls. White comforter, white sheets, sparse pieces of wood furniture. The man lived like he was on the run. Which, from last night’s conversations, maybe Cas was running from something just like Dean was.
“Of course I’m okay.” Cas snorted. “And anyway, it’s not really any of your business how I’m doing.”
Dean approached him slowly, setting his briefcase by the stairs, his hands coming up like he was trying to get close to a spooked horse. Castiel looked around for a rag, anything to wipe his hands off. He hadn’t meant to make such a mess of… everything.
“Yeah. See you in two weeks, Bartholomew.” Castiel had turned to leave, his vision tinged red with his anger.
The term ‘waking up’ implied that there was a clear ending of one activity, and a concrete start of another. ‘Waking up’ meant to stop sleeping, and begin being conscious. For Castiel, he didn’t so much as wake up, as become aware that he was no longer dreaming, and that the warm weight behind him and slung across his side was another person.
The kids around him giggled and looked nervously at each other. Some were sneaking their phones out of pockets and boots, glad for a break to check on social media likely.
Alfie heaved himself over the wall, just in time to hear an engine revving from somewhere unseen. He glanced back at the road, thinking one of the reporters had gotten fed up with the nonsense and left in a huff. The revving got closer, causing Alfie to whip his head around towards the house. He saw a streak of black fly towards the gate. The unmistakable sound of metal hitting metal, followed by the squeal of twenty-five men and women as they dove out of the way of the black car smashing through the gate. Definitely not an old dude driving. Some of the reporters tripped over themselves or each other in their hurry to get out of the way of the speeding vehicle, while others sat back where they had fallen on their ass and snapped pictures as fast as their shaking fingers would allow. A delighted whoop sounded from the car, audible even from where Alfie was perched. Ted Nugent’s Stranglehold was cranked up even louder from inside the vehicle, as the car fishtailed around the curve and sped out of sight. A shocked murmuring was left in the wake of the car—Winchester’s no doubt—along with an impressive cloud of dust, causing the reporters to hurriedly cover their cameras with whatever they could find.
Dean didn’t respond to that, taking his phone and himself away from the window. How had the universe aligned so perfectly as to put someone he knew in contact with Cas? This was perfect, this was going to solve everything, this was—
Castiel fell back into step with him outside of the theater, only a few people in line at 6:45 on a Friday night.
“You want this to be more personal. Like a relationship,” Castiel searched Dean’s face for an indication of… something—disgust, relief,
Cas nodded. “Kevin, it’s good to see you.” He greeted kindly. He gestured behind him. “This is my friend, Dean Winchester.”
When Dean suddenly stalked forward, Castiel had no choice but to step back, all but tripping over his own feet. “Seems to me like you’ve been getting a little mouthy lately, don’t you think?
“We found—“ Castiel tried again. Dean wondered how he could get Cas away from here before any authorities showed up. He could take the fall for this, no problem. He was very unwilling to let Cas get arrested for this.
“I don’t know!” Anna fell silent and Castiel fiddled with his water bottle, slowly peeling off the label. Upstairs, a heavy pair of boots stomped around, seemingly frustrated, telling the story of their upstairs neighbor going another day without calling his ex-wife.
Dean tilted his head and let a smile spread across his face and he slowly looked Castiel up and down.
Dean didn’t think he’d ever forget the betrayed look on Castiel’s face, even as he tried to hide it.
Oswald threw him off and stood, straightening Cas’s shirt and tie.“No, I think I’ll keep him. He’s been a terrible host of the theater and he must be punished.”
Dean looked over and raised an eyebrow at him. Where it had been fun and sexy before, Castiel now felt like he was being punished like a rowdy schoolboy. “Do you want to leave?”
He disappeared down the long hallway just off the room, also paneled in dark wood. Castiel felt glad for a moment alone to gather his thoughts.
“You understand we can’t afford to have that kind of… attention focused on the Institute, especially before the Gala at the end of the semester.”
“Have a nice time with Anna?” Dean asked casually, like they were a totally normal couple, seeing each other after a totally normal day of totally normal work. Like one of them wasn’t paying the other to be there.
“Mr. Winchester, glad to put a face to a voice on the phone.” Castiel recognized the put-upon falsely cheery voice Balthazar adopted when his present company could help him out financially.
Castiel nodded hastily and lifted his hips when Dean pulled his boxers down in one smooth motion. His cock slapped against his stomach and had a smear of precum right at the tip. Dean licked his lips as he looked at it, causing an involuntary whimper from Castiel. Dean leaned in slightly, but looked up at Castiel for an order. He was so close that Castiel felt Dean’s hot breath on the head of his cock and it made him shiver. He needed to get that mouth on him as soon as possible.
Shrugging, Sam pulled back. “Only way to know is to ask. Fall on your knees and beg forgiveness and all that.”
Cas shook his head. “You’re really something, Dean Winchester.” He held his face just out of reach, pulling back with a teasing smile.
Sam didn't yell. Didn’t get angry. Didn’t even sigh at his idiot brother. “Let’s find him and see if we can talk things over, okay?” Sam said.
Castiel shoved his hands in his pockets. His fingers came into contact with the sticky note he couldn’t quite forget about. He pulled it out and smoothed the creases. Dean’s handwriting was blocky, and he wrote in all capitals, like it wasn’t something he did very often. Castiel wondered how many other guys across the city had this exact number programmed into their phones, or stashed away at the back of a drawer, or tattooed on their memories. Castiel pulled out his phone as well. When it wouldn't light up, he remembered he hadn't had it on since last night, meaning he still hadn't answered Anna’s probable message of panic and worry.
“So it’s a gift then, is it?” Castiel put his brush down and pulled out a smaller detail brush to get up close to the lines.
Castiel watched the dark red car drive away, headlights flashing over the other cars in the parking lot. It passed over a sleek black car with Illinois plates that made Castiel blink.
Outside, an attractive blonde was leaning against a beat up red Ford. Anna dragged him over to her and introduced her as Jo, her coworker from the club.
Pressing kisses to the head and down the shaft, Cas kept his eyes on Dean, moving with him as his hips rolled. When he clenched the fabric of the sofa, Cas went harder. When he relaxed and took a deep breath, Cas changed tactics. Dean felt like he was being strung along higher and higher, with no chance to get used to the sensations. He was fully aware he was getting worked up much faster than he usually did. Dean’s gasps turned into higher-pitched whimpers as he felt Cas’s warm hand sneak down and grind a knuckle into a patch of skin behind his balls that made him see fucking stars.
Kaiser raised an eyebrow. “Not a thing. A few—what’re they called… bloggers show up every once in a while looking for a ghost story, but there’s nothing here.” The man said it with such surety, Dean was inclined to believe him.
“Good luck, Dean—uh, John.” He said with a knowing look as he turned to open his classroom door. Dean caught a glimpse of a large Fahrenheit 451 poster on the far wall, as well as—Dean had to stifle a laugh—a life-size replica of what Dean was sure was Gandalf’s walking stick from Lord of the Rings.
“I got a look at his desk. He won’t notice it unless he goes looking for it.” Dean pushed off the car and headed around to the trunk. “Dude’s a bigger packrat than my dad, and that’s saying something.” Popping the trunk, he rifled around one of the duffels full of weapons. He’d probably have to make a few more salt rounds before they went and actually tracked the ghost again. He didn’t relish the idea of Castiel getting throttled against the wall by the spirit again, and he was sure Cas wouldn’t either.
Castiel could hear the grin in Dean’s voice and was sure it was as salacious as Dean could possibly make it. He hadn’t realized he was making so much noise; perhaps the babble wasn't as internal as he thought.
Cas rolled his eyes and dropped his hand. “Now that I know ghosts are real, how safe can I really be?” He shifted away from Dean and looked down. “But I won’t trouble you with dragging a cripple across America while you hunt werewolves and whatever else kind of trouble you get into.”
Mr. Winchester’s face breaks into that heart stopping smile again, before flagging down the waitress for the check.
and—nothing I said could be further from the truth, and I know that doesn’t matter when I was so cruel to you and—“
“You don’t think I have a pretty face? I’m hurt.” Dean reached out with his foot and nudged Castiel’s sensible brown oxford.
The line was silent for a moment or two. “Okay, bad question then, I’m sorry. Let’s start easy. Are you safe?”
A slow smile spread across the man’s handsome face, loss and pain still visible in his apple-green eyes, even as they lit up in recognition. “Heya Cas.”
As he lay on the bed with Dean, television switched on lowly in the background, Castiel could feel himself drifting off. Dean’s hand stroked up and down his arm slowly, seemingly unconscious on Dean’s part. Whatever was said about Dean—his car hobby, his business dealings, whatever—let it be known that Dean Winchester initiated 99% of the physical contact between the two of them. Castiel wasn’t even sure what program was playing on TV, or even what time it was. He rolled so that his face was pressed into the contour of Dean’s shoulder and closed his eyes, huffing a contented sigh against Dean's warm skin. Dean’s arm tightened around his shoulders as the man pressed his cheek against the top of his head.
“About 11:30. Told ya I’d only be gone about an hour or so.” Dean dropped a suit jacket across the glass-topped coffee table and sat heavily in a chair across from Castiel, propping his feet up on the tabletop. “You still wanna talk?”
But months of habit were hard to break in one night. So, Castiel had instead chosen to sleep next door, a decision that was not met with any animosity or disappointment, just a smile, a quick kiss, and a quiet goodnight. In his solitude, Castiel found himself going over the evening, smiling and feeling his cheeks warm, despite himself.
“Kent Clarkson, doing great, thanks.” Dean shook the man’s hand. If Castiel was thrown off by the fake name, he didn’t show it. Dean gestured to Castiel next to him. “This is my buddy, lives in town, you might know him?” No reason for Dean to ruin Castiel’s relationships around town with a fake name to match.
He chanced a glance up at Dean to see his expression. Dean was shaking his head and had his lips curled in a grimace. “That’s not—you don't have to try harder, Cas. That’s not… that’s not what I’m mad about.”
As he focused more on describing, he found he was able to string more words of a sentence together. He wasn’t sure for how long he was talking—he couldn’t put together enough focus for time—but Anna kept listening and asking questions when he slowed down.
“Oh, did you change your mind?” Raising an eyebrow, Cas turned back to the counter behind him. “Do you actually want to talk about it, then?” Cas didn’t look up from where he was covering his toast in unholy amounts of grape jelly.
Dean looked down at his hands. “That’s where the misunderstanding part comes in. I didn’t really want him to go.”
Their pace couldn’t last, however. The roiling heat in his belly spread, causing the sensation that light was bursting through his fingers and toes, crashing him into his orgasm headfirst and whining loud and long when Dean pressed into him one last time, deep as he could go.
Cas handed him a mug of hot water next. “I have tea and instant coffee.” Dean accepted a scoop of instant coffee. As he was mixing it into the steaming water, he mulled over what he wanted to say. “I just wanted to—uh... thank you.” He ducked his head, suddenly very interested in the fake grout between the plain gray linoleum tiles. He didn’t know how to say this without sounding massively awkward.
“Was the second time everything you remembered” Cas was smirking now. He leaned in real close to Dean again and got right next to his ear. Dean closed his eyes, feeling his fingers flex against Cas’s hot bare skin. Cas’s lips tripped over his skin as he spoke. “Did you get the full effect of the stubble, and the hands pulling at you?”
“Get in me, Dean Winchester.” Cas whispered, and Dean had to lean down and kiss him. Had to fuck his mouth to keep from groaning at the feel of Cas all around him as he pushed in. Cas ran his hands all over Dean’s back and gripped his ass inside his jeans, feeling where his muscles were tight. “Move—“ he whispered and pressed on the small of Dean’s back to get him to push in. Dean pulled out, nipped at Cas’s neck when he gasped, and pushed back in.
Trevor licked sauce off his thumb. “I’m actually from further down south, almost by the Oklahoma border. Even smaller town than this.”
Castiel chuckled and agreed. He unwillingly excused himself when he saw a terribly familiar blond pompadour lingering by the piece he’d done for Dean, proudly hung up across the mantle like a proud parent might treat a refrigerator door.
Castiel trailed his hands up Dean’s chest. White and yellow paint covered his skin in swipes where he wasn’t very careful with his brush. Coming up around Dean’s neck, Castiel noticed that Dean had streaks of engine oil on his skin as well. Covered in mess, here they both were, grinding up against each other in the garage. He tilted Dean’s head up, and suckered a hard kiss to his neck, causing Dean’s breath to hitch beautifully. Dean’s hands grabbed him harder and rolled his hips slow.
Castiel cut him off. “Thank you, but it’s not necessary. Really, I’ve moved on from the experience.”
Dean thought they were lucky they made it back to where they had left the car by the small park a few blocks away before Cas started freaking out.
Dean smiled and rolled his eyes, dripping the perfect amount of homemade marinara on top of the pile of spaghetti. They sat down to eat and Cas twirled his fork in the noodles. The sauce was great. While the base was tomato, it wasn’t overwhelming or acidic like tomato can get in inexperienced hands. Garlic and mushroom had space in the sauce as well, making it perfectly well-balanced.
Cas was laid up in the room’s only bed, a clean white cast extending from just above his knee to his toes. He had bandages here and there, marking where Dean had not seen where the ghost got him, including a particularly nasty slice on his face held together by a butterfly bandage. Dean grimaced at his lack of diagnostic skill. He’d been so worried and relieved about seeing Cas again, about Cas talking to him again, he was willing to take whatever he could get. Cas looked around and waved slightly, the heartbeat monitor on his finger leading to a screen that pulsed steadily by his side.
“I’m going to move to your pelvis now.” Cas warned. He really wanted to see how far he could push this, but he also needed to see if Dean wanted this or if it was just the product of a too-long dry spell. Dean let out a gasp and let his head drop more.
Kevin seemed relieved at that. “Sorry you had to recast my part, though. That was kinda shi—not great of me.”
Dean knew that Missouri had to be worried. He’d stormed up to the kitchen and started pulling bowls and spoons out of the cupboard with no apparent rhyme or reason, and without saying a word to anyone. He rifled around in the fridge, hunting up eggs, milk, and some of that good vanilla. Missouri kept trying to edge in and get in his line of sight, at least to see where his head was, but he kept his head down and turned away.
Dean rolled his eyes, grabbing up his phone with the full intention to shoot a snarking text back, while definitely keeping his eyes on the road at all times. His thumb paused over the keyboard however, and what he typed ended up less snarky than he wanted.
are you doing to me, man?” He felt slightly hysterical asking. Cas smirked around his cock—and seriously, who
As Mr. Winchester leads them down the road to a huge and shiny black car that just screams ecological disaster, Castiel tries to quell the uprising of butterflies in his stomach. He might be actually taking a dick for the first time tonight.
Shrugging, Dean stepped away and went back to aiming his flashlight up at the catwalk. In all likelihood, there probably weren’t remains up there, but even the smallest lock of hair would do it.
Mr. Winchester shot him a sidelong glance. “That’s not the only thing that’s enormous, sweetheart.” He grinned even wider when Castiel frowned and huffed.
“Oh, not you too!” The man positively whined in anguish as he turned around and threw his hands in the air.
“Sir, I’m so sorry, but we have a policy that anyone sitting in the restaurant has to buy something…” she glanced at the phone, “unless you’re meeting someone here…?”
Dean tried to picture Cas walking around Lake Michigan with Dick. Tried to see them having a casual conversation over dinner or in bed. Tried to puzzle out how that first date must have gone. “I’m sorry, I just can’t see it.”
Missouri glanced over her shoulder. “Mr. Winchester doesn’t trust too many people. Just me and his uncle Bobby anymore around the house.” She pursed her lips like this was a subject she didn't like to talk about. She pulled Castiel into the kitchen, which was all sparkling stainless steel and black granite. An older man sat at the breakfast bar, occasionally surfacing from his newspaper to drink from a cup of coffee. Dean stood at the stove in boxers and a threadbare t shirt, flipping pancakes around and generally making a mess. Even from the back, Dean looked like the pages of a male lifestyle magazine come to life. Castiel wondered how much money one had to make before everything you did became attractive.
“Shhhhh... I won’t do it if you don’t want me to…” he said, honestly. Earnestly. His voice dropped down to a whisper. “But I really, really want to blow you. I want to feel you get hard in my mouth and come all over my lips.”
Cas chuckled. “I know. I can see it.” He reached down and jacked Dean a few times, spreading the wetness at the tip along his shaft. “I can’t wait to get this thing inside me.” Dean couldn’t help the hitch of his hips into the cradle of Cas’s, or the moan he buried in the other man’s neck.
“No, I swear. If he lets me, he’s getting a first-class ticket back into that art school of his—even with that douchebag
“Oh, you like that don’t you?” Castiel raised an eyebrow, enjoying the change of power here. It wasn’t often that he was the one in charge of… well, anything.
As soon as they’d burst through the doorway, however, Castiel was treated to a first-hand look at how comfortable his mattress really was when he was all but tackled onto it. He pulled Dean down with him, not willing to lose contact with him for even a second. Five months apart was too long. He wasn’t sure how he thought he could live without this. There was no denying Dean was all to able to actively
A door opening and closing out in the main hallway startled Dean out of his focus. “Wait. What was that?” Footsteps of someone trying and failing to be quiet on the tile in the silent school could be heard coming towards the admin suite.
“It’s a relationship of trust. The dominant, that’s me, is basically in charge of the submissive, that’s you. Now, that can mean doing what I tell you, but it’s more than that. As the dom, I make sure you’re kept safe at all times, no harm will come to you unless you wish it, and I pay attention to what you need. You trust me with control over the situation, to make sure it doesn't get out of hand and that nothing that you’re uncomfortable with happens. And of course, I trust you to tell me when it gets to be too much, provided I don't notice sooner.”
Too soon, Castiel was being hauled up and propped up on the sink, the man almost tearing at his pants button in his inexperienced urgency to get at skin.
“No, I’m good.” Cas said, reaching for Dean’s hand. He squeezed it once, and Dean hung on like a lifeline, terrified Cas would pull it away, knowing he should. “Thank you for coming back for me.”
Scooping his hand through his hair, Dean looked around at the other patrons of the bar. Ellen looked over and raised an eyebrow. “Jesus, Sam, no. He’s super legal. Could you keep it down—“
“I—“ Tears started leaking, blurring his vision. He tried to push his voice out to be heard. Why couldn’t he just grow up and handle this like an adult?
After Dean finished “watching the news” last night, he offered Castiel the choice of sleeping in his own room or with Dean himself. As much as Castiel wanted to be close to Dean, he still couldn't shake the feeling of needing to create distance between himself and his john. He knew that as a sub or a sugar baby, or whatever Castiel’s title was, he should be wanting to spend as much time with Dean as possible…
He stood up, looking around. Running a hand through his hair—longer now than it had been in a  while—he sighed. He’d just had it in his hand. And the nearest art supply store was at least an hour away in Lawrence. Damn.
The woman bounced her eyebrows and turned back towards the painting. “Forgive me, that’s not why I’m here. This piece is amazing. Is it a...?”
The hostess blinked, and was suddenly all smiles. “What can I do for you?” She batted her lashes. Dean noted that her mascara was smudged underneath one eye, like she had wiped it with her hand.
This time, it took Dean just enough time to reply that Castiel got nervous. Maybe that wasn’t the proper way to respond. Sure enough, however…
Dean held the door open for Cas, eyeing the sunny blonde receptionist with a fair amount of distrust. He hated hospitals.
Castiel shivered in delight at his words, relieved beyond measure that Dean wasn’t firing him or kicking him out, thrilled that he could still have this.
been acting weird. He’d been cold, he hadn’t looked at Dean for longer than two seconds. Dean drummed his fingers on the leather of the wheel. He’d been working through his own hurt feelings to look past the surface, but maybe…
” The man said, sounding exasperated. Dean put it down unwillingly. The man blinked a few times to get his vision back, but when he did, Dean was overwhelmed by
“Looking for this?” A smooth, tan hand offered the paper stick to him. Castiel looked up into the face of Trevor, still smiling gently.
Dean chuckled. “Thems the breaks I guess. Okay, so…” he took a breath. “We have to go disinter a body from the grounds of a very public school building. Great.”
“But there are cameras!” Castiel gestured to the ceiling. Dean looked up, he hadn’t thought about cameras in the actual theater. The hallway cameras might register a late-night custodian, but it would be a lot harder to explain away the weirdo shit he sometimes had to do for a case. “Police won’t like some stranger skulking around school grounds.”
A beep sounded from his phone, letting him know he had a text. Great. Someone else asking to be audience to his private life.
“No, it’s not overdramatic!” Cas whirled and pointed at him. “Because what else do I have, Dean? Where else can I go after this?” Cas had a crazed look in his eye, like he’d been holding back before.
“Tampered water? You aren’t suggesting…” The deputy put out an arm to block Dean’s path. He was only just able to reign it in enough not to just break it.
The man grinned easily. “Sounds good for me, and then whatever my friend wants.” He gestured towards Castiel.
kind of green. The man’s forehead creased when Anna didn’t meet his hand with hers. He awkwardly pulled it back and glanced back at Castiel.
Dean heard Novak scream and he felt the adrenaline and hunters’ instincts kick in a hundred fold as he charged back in through the door. He ripped his sawed-off from the makeshift holster on his side and cocked it, not quite sure what was waiting for him as he kicked in the door between him and the back entrance of the theater.
“Cas—the last thing in the world I wanted was for you to leave. I’m dyin’ without you. I thought you couldn’t stand the sight of me.”
Their rhythm was probably sloppy, Dean thought. This probably wasn’t the best way Cas had ever gotten fucked, by some inexperienced drifter in the back of a car, but for Dean, it was everything. A pink haze crowded out every other thought in Dean’s head that wasn’t centered around Cas and the way he felt and sounded and moved and tasted and...
At the end of it, it wouldn't have mattered what the guy looked like, or who he was. The only requirements Castiel had for tonight were: available, interested, and interested in a one-off. He just needed to get this over with so he could lose that pit in his stomach whenever he thought about how inexperienced he still was compared to Dean.
a lie. He just had to text Sarah real quick and tell her to defrost the hamburger in the freezer before Dean came over and found out his original meal was supposed to include more soy than he was ready for.
Castiel fidgeted with his hoodie string. “Would you... like to come over? We can go through them... together if that helps?” His face was so hopeful that it made Dean blink.
“You don’t know me long enough to know my best look,” Dean straightened out the cap that matched his navy jumpsuit in the reflection of a nearby trophy case. “Anyway, it got me in the door.” They were standing in the multipurpose room of Central City High the next morning. Students milled around in their usual morning activities—texting, frantically doing homework, and talking with buddies. Dean had most definitely kept the uniform from last night for his stakeout today. He was glad he’d had the foresight to cover the embroidered name with a strategically placed utility pocket protector.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I won’t promise not to be disappointed if you say no, and I’ll forever remember you as the hot stranger that blew into town to tell me my school was haunted, but no… I just like being with you. And kissing you, if that’s acceptable.”
Well, lookit the time, folks. It's nearly 2am, but it's on the actual day I said I was going to update!
“I know.” Cas answered. “Fuck, you’re gonna make me come—!” He gasped as Dean changed angles in an effort to get closer.
Castiel jumped as Dean let out a triumphant holler, teeth clenched in a snarl. “You son of a bitch! Charlie doesn’t know anything! No one there does!”
He winced and rolled down the window, preparing himself to be yelled at or worse. Still, even as Cas stormed up to the car, Dean couldn’t help but take in his features like he was a man dying of thirst out in the desert. His hair had grown out a bit longer, curling on the sides and in the back. For once, he didn’t look so tired and drawn under his eyes. He looked well-rested and like he’d actually had a few decent meals in recent memory. Dean didn’t recognize the clothes he had on, a nice button up and dark jeans with a wool coat over top. When Dean had met Cas, it had been in the heat of summer. It was rare that Dean saw him in anything heavier than shirtsleeves. He looked taken care of. He looked good. He looked like any other twenty-one year old in America. Twenty-two now, Dean mentally corrected himself. Cas had his birthday in September. Another day he’d missed thanks to his stupidity.
He threw his head back and laughed. “Oh, so that contract was serious then? I was sort of half-hoping you were just being gross to freak me out.”
He glanced around, and saw an object sitting on the nearby coffee table that made his heart sink. A curved pink dildo, glistening with lube, lay on the surface of the table, so painfully clearly just in use. He glanced back at the stairs.
Cas chuckled. “Yeah, the first time is usually pretty memorable.” He settled more comfortably into the seat when it became apparent that Dean had no intention of moving quite yet.
“Sorry to keep invading your space. You’re a really good instructor.” Castiel added on, having seen it for himself and from Anna.
Cas looked down. Dean had been around a lot of crying people, had reduced many to tears by what he had to say. But this? This was brutal.
Dean’s mouth lifted in an understanding smile. “It’s kind of a lot, I know. But it’s something I enjoy and I think you could really benefit from it too. Money or not.”
“I know it’s not really legally binding, but I’m gonna have my brother look over it to make sure it’s all kosher… ya know, to make me feel better about being such a skeeze.”
He supposed they were lucky Cas could even still get in the building. They tracked through the hallways, studiously avoiding catching anyone’s eye and strolling right into the place Adler swore he didn’t want them anywhere near.
,” Sam reached his hands out in front of him, like he was bracing himself on the table. “You’re his sugar daddy! That’s why there was so much in that trainwreck of a contract about gifts and—you’re paying his way through school.”
“That’s it? You’re just gonna leave?” It wasn’t the detached tone he was going for, but he couldn’t believe the universe was making him watch this man leave him again. He was lucky he was allowed to walk out first the first time around. This time, though. It was unbearable.
“I don’t know what else to think. You never do it. Sometimes you say you’re going to, but you never do it. Am I not satisfying to you?”
“Is it always like this?” Cas asked, tears definitely running down his face. He swiped at them angrily. “Do you just leave a trail of broken hearts behind you wherever you go?”
Chuckling again, Cas bumped into him with his arm. “Guess this is a little different than other jobs you must take. Burning strange hats in stranger motels.”
Indeed, it looked like the closest thing they had gotten to a biography of the school and its builders. Built in 1917, it was part of the town’s short-lived “boom town” phase. Dean didn’t think this was saying much—but seeing as the town had both a movie theater and a library built in the same decade, it must have been a pretty big deal. There wasn’t much else available about the school. Considering it was over a hundred years old, though… that was promising. Andy, the guy at the gas station by the hotel, had misjudged the age of the school by a longshot. He was sure the ghost he had seen matched this time period. Could this guy really be a teacher from the original staff nearly a century ago?
He closed his eyes. In his pocket, his phone belted out the chorus to a rock song that the caller definitely hated and was 100% the reason Dean chose it for their ringtone. He reached in his pocket and held his phone up to his ear.
The nurse pursed her lips slightly. “No, he had some bruising around his forehead, but we’ll keep him overnight. It didn’t look like a concussion.” She stopped in front of the only closed door in the hallway and leveled him with suspicious look, probably noting his own bumps and scrapes. “If you don’t mind me asking, just what did you and your boyfriend get into at this time of night?”
Dean sighed, coming back down the stairs. He set the briefcase down again and dropped the shirt on top of it. He came up to Castiel and wiped the tears away. Castiel wondered what he must be thinking of his sub right now, having to clean him up of tears twice in an hour.
Waving her down, Dean handed her a five-dollar bill. “Keep it. Thanks.” He eased the door open into the dark theater. The show was in the swing of things, and a few parents cast him an annoyed look as the light from the atrium streaked into the theater. Dean quickly shut the door behind him and blinked a few times so his eyes would adjust. In his adrenaline-fueled mania, he nearly took out the kid who grabbed his arm to offer him a program and to point out an empty seat in a hushed voice. Dan muttered his apology and sat down quickly, adjusting his gun beneath his jacket. He had to get ahold of himself or he’d never make it to the end of the show. He didn’t know if this was the best place to be either, but he knew Cas would be here, and that was all he needed right now.
“Wish I was, sweetheart.” He turned away from Novak, covering up his cringe at the endearment by focusing on the paint. Sometimes, spirits left a tell-tale glow to uneven paint if they passed too close to it.
The bald man shakily did up his fly and fumbled for his wallet out of his back pocket. Castiel didn’t say anything as the man fished out the bill and held it out to him. Castiel grabbed the bill without actually touching the man’s hand. He turned to go without saying any more, drawing his collar closer to his neck. It wasn’t cold, but he couldn’t shake the unpleasant chill that kept running down his spine as he walked away.
“You clearly haven’t been in a high school in a long time. We all swear.” The man had the audacity to put his hands on his hips again.
“Imma go to sleep now.” Castiel slurred, thoroughly exhausted, though it couldn't have been later than two or three in the afternoon. Dean pressed a kiss to his forehead and settled down beside him, throwing a heavy arm over his side.
Dean’s hands came up to his hips, cupping the strong muscle there as he pressed his fingers into it. He scooted down further into the couch, pulling Cas’s weight into him. It was nice, sitting here on the sofa, just making out with Cas. Of course, he had other ideas in mind of what he’d like to do, but getting there was half the fun.
Dean smiled. “No kidding? My buddy here tells me this is just a restaurant now, though.” He gestured to Castiel, next to him.
Shaking her head, Anna went back to the red Ford that belonged to Jo and pulled a duffle bag out of the back. “I wasn’t sure what kind of state you’d be in, so I packed the essentials in case we had to get out of town for a few days.” She grinned guiltily.
Dean looked up from where he was cutting a final tomato with a universal ‘yikes’ expression. It was an unfortunate end to his brief relationship with Patrick, but it had to be said. He’d rather Patrick think he was a bastard now, than lead him on and have Patrick assume they were headed towards mutual love and affection.
Castiel huffed, and shook his head. An older man that had just sat down next to him was trying to peer over Castiel’s arm to read the conversation on his phone. He raised an eyebrow at the man and tilted the phone away.
“You haven’t read the newspapers lately? That kid that got hurt last week? And all the other mysterious deaths the administration and police chalked up to ‘accidents’? That doesn’t alarm you?” Dean cast a surprised look his way as he clicked off his flashlight and dropped his bag, searching for the EMF reader he had pocketed earlier.
Cas hummed like he hadn’t basically asked Dean to get the fuck out of his apartment. Dean looked up at the ceiling, trying not to let his hurt show on his face. “So, you wanna grab dinner before I go? Old time’s sake?” He tried one last time.
I’d get caught.” Cas babbled to himself. He’d been pacing for the better part of the fifteen minutes or so they’d been here, and Dean thought he was working himself up too much for having been thrown into a tree today.
And so, this is the end. I’ve taken my sweet time about it—it’s been over a year—and at times I didn’t think I would make it to this point. This is, all at once, my finest work, the bane of my existence, my magnum opus. Thank you for reading. I’ll see you soon.
That’s why Dean was here. Maybe a since-dead principal or custodian gone awry. Maybe even a jealous graduate of the school, still bitter about not getting the role of a lifetime.
Castiel wasn’t quite sure what Dean was doing over there this time, however. It seemed that he was always working on a new project, either for himself or a friend. Castiel thought that perhaps in another life, Dean could have made a living from restoring old cars and fixing broken ones. Whatever Dean was working on today, it was mostly covered by a sheet. Dean didn’t offer to show Castiel, and Castiel didn’t pry… too much.
Trevor was exactly on time, arriving in a dark red Toyota. Castiel tried not to be relieved it was neither black or a Chevy. He greeted Castiel with a wide smile and opened his door for him like a true gentleman. He kept the radio turned down to a reasonable background level and made idle conversation with Castiel.
A stack of old photographs lay inside. Dean held up a few family photos of a boy about five or six years of age clutching onto the arm of a girl who couldn’t have been more than a year old. The back of the photograph gave no indication of who they might be.
Castiel paused. He never told johns his real name. He always went by his middle name, James, as it was fairly common.
Dean sighed. He reached out and took Cas’s hand again. He squeezed it gently and pressed light kisses to the knuckles where they were scraped and bruised. “Let’s talk about this tomorrow, okay? This isn’t the best time to get you worked up.”
“—and I don’t even like women!” Castiel blurted and then blanched. He felt like his eyes must be the size of dinner plates in his mortification.
Castiel glared at him warily. “This is my job, you know. I don't appreciate you lording over me like you're so superior. We weren't all born with silver spoons stuck in our--”
As he pulled out the first large folder, a thinner one fell out from behind it. Dean stooped to pick it up, and flipped the top open. He frowned at the first page as he straightened up.
He understood. Castiel understood perfectly well. The Graduate Gala was the one event that pulled in 70% of the funding for the next year. Students about to graduate, as well as alumni, put in pieces to be auctioned off. Only the best were chosen for auction, and it was a huge honor to even be featured. Castiel had been considering putting in his painting of eyes meant for Dean’s living room, just for the honor. “So, what does that mean?”
“Yeah, you want it real bad, don’t you baby?” Dean had the audacity to look smug right now. His fingers tightened a bit in Castiel’s hair and Castiel felt his cock throb in his too-tight pants. “You’d do it too. You’d sit on the floor of my garage and you’d suck my cock right here, wouldn’t you?” Castiel nodded furiously. Dean brought him just the tiniest bit closer. Castiel tried to get his mouth around Dean, but was restrained. He resigned himself to pressing hot kisses to wherever he could reach. Dean sighed and petted through Castiel’s hair with his free hand. “God, you look so good like this, so eager.” He sounded out of breath. Castiel was just trying to touch as much skin as he could. He crept his hands up Dean’s legs and planted them on his knees, emboldened when Dean didn’t stop him.
He let himself sink into his “client” mind space as he worked the man’s cock over, paying attention to when his breath went ragged, and when he swore, wiping sweat away from his brow.
The smirk transformed into an outright salacious grin as Dean stood up and slowly lowered the zipper of his black slacks. Castiel thought idly that Bobby could drive by any minute and see them in the living room like this. But it didn't seem to perturb Dean at all. Castiel was transfixed as Dean pulled his pants down his muscled legs. It seemed that he was built… well, all over. Castiel felt himself harden in his pants and he automatically moved to cover himself. He was stopped by a forbidding sound from Dean.
“Nah, I‘ll probably grab a six-pack of something and go through these.” Dean gestured to the stack on the hood.
Shaking his head, Dean popped his door and got out. “Generally no. I’ve seen spirits held by a lock of hair, a doll they touched, that sort of thing. What gets me is that this spirit is some strong motherfucker if he kept coming after getting a face full of iron.” He waited for Cas to get out as well before they started to the main office. “Guess we should be thankful the salt round even worked when he had me by the throat the other night.”
He glanced back to where Dean was progressively getting angrier, and Balthazar was steadily getting more red in the face. He ducked out of their tense bubble and followed the woman to where the crowd was pouring out into the grounds.
Suddenly, Cas stirred beside him. Dean made sure to hold very still as Cas dragged himself back into the land of the living. When he finally blinked and turned his big blue eyes on Dean, he offered Cas a small smile, not daring to say anything in the morning quiet. Not knowing what even to say.
“What, you want it now?” Cas blinked at him disbelievingly for a moment before he dove back in, not giving him much of a chance to tell him what he wanted.
Snorting, Anna popped the handle on the door and stepped out. “Well, come on then Casanova. You can sit quietly in the corner and romance my dance instructor from the sidelines.”
“You don’t say?” Kaiser raised an eyebrow, impressed. “I’ve got quite a few classic cars myself. Not here, mind you. Out on the farm, though... plenty of room.”
Dean grimaced without looking up. “I’m not really keen on it… at all, so if you don’t know what it is, let’s just leave it at a hard limit.” He was fully clothed again, something Castiel was a bit disappointed about. He sat on the opposite side of a truly ridiculous mahogany desk. It was almost completely clean except for an errant stack of post-its that Dean kept doodling on, ripping off the top one, and tossing into the trash bin beside the desk.
“Right, right. No, that makes sense.” Dean didn’t speak for several moments. He looked like he was measuring the weight of his next words. “You happy here?”
Now that the house was empty, the theater had the same weird echoey emptiness, void of any human presence that it did when Dean first saw it. There was debris everywhere, like a tornado had whipped through. The stage was a mess. Clearly, the ghost was not at all happy with the production as a whole, and was taking it out on the set pieces. Wood was scattered across the stage, like someone had run the living room set through a wood-chipper. Cotton batting, maybe from one of the throw pillows was scattered around. A spotlight swung freely from the ceiling, sparking where it had been torn out. Adler was going to have a field day, and so was Cas, once he got a proper look at things when he was back in his right mind. Dean glanced around the house and couldn’t see Cas anywhere.
Cas grinned, stroking over the ink. “Such a charmer.” He yanked Dean back down with an arm around the neck. Dean couldn’t help but notice that he seemed to have a habit of getting this man in the same position two nights in a row. Or maybe Cas had the habit of getting him in this position.
“Got it.” Dean recognized the dismissal and went back to the bedroom, laying down on the far side again. He was still a little squeamish about calling it
Blinking, Dean put his mixing spoon down and turned towards the island. “Cas—“ Castiel silenced him by reaching across and cupping his face, putting his thumb against Dean’s mouth. Dean grabbed his hand and held on, not moving Castiel’s hand, but staying connected all the same.
Dean nodded, raising his eyebrows to seem interested. It wasn’t that he disbelieved Andy, but theatricality in ghost stories wasn’t really his style. “And the other? The other wife?”
Dean reread the message. And read it again. And once more for good measure. He tapped on the message, bringing up the reply screen.
Cas was close now, edging up to the side of the car carefully. Dean considered ducking, just pretending he wasn’t in the car. That is was a weird coincidence that the car Castiel recognized just happened to
“Sure,” Dean agreed, fingering the keys to the car in his other hand. “They’ll fit in the trunk, easy.”
“Frustrated.” He answered absent-mindedly. Their condo had a very open floor plan, which Sam appreciated. He could see and have a conversation with Sarah, regardless if he was in the kitchen, dining room, living room, or foyer.
Castiel jerked involuntarily and Dean whispered soothingly to him. With the light blocked out, Castiel could already feel his other senses heighten immeasurably. His skin seemed to buzz and his ears picked up the minute sounds of Dean’s quiet breathing.
The air felt hot and muggy, causing sweat to slide down their bodies, even before they stepped into the water. Dean had his hands all over Castiel’s body, and Castiel wasn’t trying to hide from him. Wasn't trying to put distance between them, wasn’t trying to put on a show. There was nothing to be ashamed of in this space, in this hidden corner of the world where it didn’t matter that Castiel was being paid for his time, or that Dean was clearly dealing with a whole host of issues of his own. When Dean lathered Castiel’s hair with soap and raked his fingers through, it felt like a benediction. A respite. Castiel tipped his head back to lay on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean gave up any pretense of keeping this shower relatively clean. He nipped at Castiel’s throat and ran soapy hands up and down Castiel’s chest. He palmed Castiel’s erection and made it slick, practically frictionless in the light grip Dean kept on him. In no time, Castiel was grinding forward, eager for more, murmuring his approval into the space between the damp air and the hot skin of Dean’s throat. Dean kept up a litany of his own, his Adam's apple bobbing against Castiel’s lips.
The car coasted to a stop outside of a huge wrought-iron gate, of simplistic bars; thick and heavy enough to suggest force and power, but understated and sculpted enough to show taste. Dean smacked at the visor on his side, grumbling about batteries and someone named Bobby. The gate slid open smoothly, allowing the car to pass, sealing off the rest of the world behind them.
“Yeah, he also didn’t think the high school had a ghost either, and look at that. The man isn’t who we want to talk to about ghosts.”
“It was... fun.” It wasn’t that he’d never had to have this talk before; say some meager goodbyes before hitting the road again. Hell, he’d even stayed for breakfast a quickie sometimes. But this was… different. It felt different. And totally not because it had been his first time with another dude. Shit, but it wasn’t Cas’s first time. Probably way less than stellar, compared to what he was used to.
“Isn’t ivory… white? Why would it be in black?” Dean searched the rows of paints as he was told however. “Is it gray?”
Waving his arms, Dean called out to the students, herding them off the stage and down into the audience where the last few parents were getting out into the atrium. He did a cursory sweep of the wings, but didn’t see Cas—or whoever the guy that was wearing Cas’s face—anywhere. He jogged out into the atrium where the sheriff’s department had shown up and were ushering everyone outside onto the grounds. He followed a group of four parents, trying to stay out of the attention of the officer.
"How are you?" He said suddenly again, and Dean could see exactly how difficult it was for him to stay seated.
The feeling that ate Dean's guts changed suddenly when Castiel's eyes fluttered, and he finally opened them all the way. There was still pain in them, but there was also something else...something Dean couldn't assign.
"Did you do that?" He wanted to know from the witch, his voice so dark and smoky that even Dean got goosebumps all over his body.
"Don't talk shit. I know what it sounds like when you scream in pain," growled Dean. "Stop trying to pamper me! I can handle the truth very well."
"I asked three times beforehand if she really wanted to because I know how the women in such sheds are often treated. I told her that if she doesn't want to, she just has to tell me and I'm not angry with her or anything. Damn it, I even offered her to pay her anyway, and she just laughed and pushed me on the bed. "
It was clearly visible that Bobby wanted to hug Dean too, but refrained from doing so. Sam had told him everything he knew about the curse and also about Dean's behavior.
A shot echoed through the hall and broke against the walls. Moments after the werewolf went down, three more jumped out from behind the shelves.
"No, it's not a good idea, but what else can we do? I won't let him bleed to death and I'm sure you are on my side on this. Besides, why should the touch cause me pain?" Castiel now expressed his thoughts. "Dean...doesn't really think highly of me, does he? Otherwise, he would act differently towards me. I don't think he likes me so much that I'll feel something."
"I think this lady just said you should leave her alone, can that be?" Dean growled when he got to them and planted himself behind the two.
Stella was a well-built woman; the curves were all in the right place, as Dean immediately noticed. Her long black hair fell over her shoulders like a waterfall, and Dean could have sworn they were moving in a (definitely non-existent) breeze. He unconsciously licked his lips and earned a slap from his brother for it.
When he looked up, Castiel was gone. Sighing, Dean pulled himself to his feet and wrapped the blanket around his hips.
He had strange dreams about things he couldn't describe...colors, sounds, sometimes shadows...things that scared him and made him toss and turn; Things that he believed would eat him alive, even though he didn't even know if they were living beings or something else. But suddenly, there was a familiar rustling, like wings, and then a rough and at the same time soft voice. Shortly after, his nightmares calmed down until they completely disappeared.
"Poor darling, that really doesn't look good," purred the witch, walked around Dean once, and examined him carefully. "It must be unbearable for you. How much do you have to hold yourself back in order not to hug one of them?"
"No...no, definitely not...um..." The guy tapped the keyboard of his computer a few more times and then let out a relieved sigh. "I have one free room. Two further back, from your current one. It's just not cleaned yet...So, it would be ready in an hour?"
He gave her a confused look, but then he recognized the dagger in her hand. Fast and almost panicked, he looked at Dean and his eyes darkened when he saw the wounds on his body.
Dean just nodded, reloaded the gun, and closed the trunk. Without waiting for Sam, he entered the warehouse and looked around quietly. Light fell through the skylights of the hall and made everything disappear into a strange penumbra. Here and there stood a wooden box, some on the ground, others on shelves that reached up to the ceiling. Otherwise, the hall seemed empty.
As quick as before, the rustling of wings sounded, and Castiel was kneeling next to them. His eyes hung briefly on Dean, then he looked over to Sam.
Sam nodded and gave Dean a pitying look. However, he shrugged his shoulders and leaned back on the bed.
A few days later, they heard of a case that appeared to be werewolves. They drove to a small town, of which Dean didn't even remember the name. He was too tense, too fixated on not getting close to anyone. He held back with everything, whether it was the reservation of their room, the common meal, or something else. Dean also spoke less than before. Most of the time he just sat there and stared into space when he wasn't driving.
"There are other aspects of the curse that you should know, Dean," Cas jumped in. "Depending on the words Stella used, the longer the curse lasts, the worse it gets. The second possibility is that you will gradually crave more and more touch, regardless of whether you really long for it or not. There will be a desire that can drive you crazy and..."
He just raised a hand and staggered over to his bed. There he carefully sat down and sank backward. Only when he was flat on his back did he let out a low gasp.
Sorry it took me a little longer for this chapter. Work was hell this week and I hadn't much time to write /.\
As soon as Dean was alone, he let out a scream and wrapped his arms around himself. The tears, which he had held back, now took over and ran unstoppably down his cheeks. He allowed it - there was no one left to see him. All the pent-up feelings of the last few days dug their way out of the hole in which Dean had buried them. Doubt, fear, self-loathing, guilt...and loneliness, especially loneliness.
It took about twenty minutes before he got back to the motel and stood in front of their room. Just as he was about to unlock, he could hear voices from inside. Sam was talking to someone...had he called Bobby or did Bobby call him? The question dissolved when he heard a rough voice that sent shivers down his spine.
Immediately the attention was on her, which brought a smile to her lips. Sam looked at her calculatingly for a moment, but then looked down again. Bobby just shook his head...but Castiel's look was pure fire! The blue shone so brightly you could think that lightning would flash through his eyes.
The room fell silent for a while until Castiel took a step forward and reached out a hand to Dean's shoulder. But he jerked back and uttered a startled 'not'. If Cas touched him, he would also cause him pain, and he absolutely didn't want that - he made him hurt enough throughout their time as friends. Cas dropped his hand and gave Dean just a blank look.
He had to get to his car. He made it with slow steps and fell heavily behind the wheel. The loss of blood clouded his brain and made thinking difficult. Nevertheless, he started the car and drove off.
Dean rolled around in his bed for hours without really being able to sleep. He felt like his entire body was on fire. Everything hurt him, every muscle...every nerve...everything was tense to the breaking point. With a groan, he straightened up and began pacing up and down the room. Restless, driven.
The angel stood there with his lips pressed together as if he had to keep himself from screaming; his whole body stiffened as if he were under the force of electricity. The longer he touched Dean, the more it became clear that he was hurting. Tears welled up in his eyes, and he tried to blink them away, but they ran blood-red down his cheeks - a clear sign that he was in agonizing pain. Within fractions of a second, the room was filled with a deafening high-pitched noise, which was Castiel's true voice. Sam pressed his hands over his ears, hopelessly trying to block out the noise a little. The white-bluish light appeared in Castiel's eyes, which announced that his true form was beginning to lose control of his vessel.
If it was true that the more he liked the person, the more the pain would be, then Cas would likely be in very great pain. After all, he was crazy about the angel, and when that happened, Dean's feelings couldn't be stopped, even if he didn't want to admit it to himself. Better not to take any risks than to get hurt.
The first thing they did was get a motel room. Then they walked through the city maybe, there were some signs of what exactly made the young men disappear. Demonic omens or something like that, you never knew where a clue would come from. As usual, they drove to the parents and friends of the victims and interviewed them. It took several hours, but no matter who they spoke to, sooner or later, they always got the same statement.
"Isn't it enough that you passed out last night and that only because you touched me?" Dean yelled on and was absolutely not letting himself put off.
"Listen, the hocus-pocus of that Witch is still in my body. I can't ignore it, which is definitely part of the spell. So either I'll disappear in there for a while," Dean pointed with his thumb at the house. "Or I'll do it on my own tonight, at the motel, and..."
A moment later Dean felt a cut along his right hipbone that burned like fire. The woman turned away and looked around the room once, probably looking for something to keep causing him pain. She paused when her gaze fell on a sigil that she knew exactly.
"What would have happened if I would have fallen on you and you don't get out from under me?! What if the pain gets so much that you injure your vessel or worse, destroy it?! What if..."
Dean broke off and ran a hand over his face. He felt the urge to approach Castiel and hug him, to hold him tightly. But instead of walking towards him, he forced himself to take a few steps back.
The pressure on his body increased until it hurt and he thought his bones would break at any moment.
"Just what you want to tell us. We don't want anyone to feel bad," added Sam quickly before the mood could change.
Cas came up to him, with concern in his eyes and an outstretched hand. But Dean stopped him by backing away and shaking his head.
It wasn't just a drink or two. After two hours, Dean decided to go to sleep, admittedly not only a bit drunk. Maybe the whole thing looked different tomorrow - maybe Cas had already figured out tomorrow how to break the curse.
Cursing to himself, Bobby ran past him to the door. The Impala was still standing, but that meant nothing. Dean knew his baby was too noticeable and easy to track. He must have taken another car, which he would change at the next opportunity.
There he was, Castiel, in all his strength and glory...was that a concerned look? Castiel worried about him, then it was probably worse than he thought.
A second later a hand came to rest on his shoulder, causing him to leap in the other direction. He waited for the cry of pain, but he couldn't hear it, or the thud of an unconscious body on the floor. With a curse on his lips, he spun around and was about to yell at whoever had touched him but stopped immediately.
The man in front of him just laughed and then got into an attacking pose. He was gracious enough to wait until Dean got up and got ready too. If he managed to distract the werewolf long enough until he could get his pistol...A moment later, the man thundered against him and threw him to the ground. Dean gave him a few kicks and punches, but he wasn't able to harm the monster.
"There you are. Rowena has..." Castiel fell silent when he saw Dean's arm. "Oh god, what happened?!"
Dean got up and went to the small table that was in the corner of the room. He was careful not to touch either Sam or Castiel in any way. The rest of the beer was on the table, from which he grabbed a bottle and drank half of it.
"Damn it, yes! You should! But nothing can be done about that!" Bobby burst out and amazed everyone in the room when he pushed Castiel against the chest. "But that's normal for both of you! You just have to wear rose-colored glasses when it comes to the other!"
Dean, however, fixed him exactly and then the girl's face. The whole situation was clearly uncomfortable and too much for her. However, there was a glimmer of hope in her eyes when she saw him and heard what he said.
"Sorry, man, we don't seem to have any more free rooms," he finally explained, giving Dean a sleepy look.
Dean was very well aware that the blood, which was still soaking his shirt and pants, wasn't exactly conducive to his situation. But he trusted the intimidating effect and was not disappointed.
"And he knows that believe me, Dean is grateful for it. But he can't stand it when someone is in pain because of him. It has always been like that."
"Bobby," he just said and picked up. "What's up?...Okay...and you're sure they didn't just run away?...No...okay...we'll see that. Yes...Sure, see you then."
It was only seconds before she died, seconds that probably seemed endless to her. But when finally all life had drained from her body, a smile lay on her face.
Castiel stood next to him and gave Bobby a wide smile. He was always happy to see him because Bobby meant a lot to the brothers and therefore to Castiel too...even if he was sometimes confused by the sarcastic remarks of the older man.
"Are you okay?" Suddenly a voice came from behind him, and Sam whirled around, ready to defend himself if he had to.
"That was the one I didn't get," said Castiel guiltily and caught an unbelieving, but also angry look from Sam. "Dean called me back before...He was afraid for you..."
It still took a good twenty minutes until they got to the motel in which they stayed. Sam wanted to help Dean out of the car, but he immediately shook his head.
Both of them couldn't help but grin. Finally, one problem was solved, and they would really get back to the motel before midnight.
Stella sank to the floor and stared up at Dean, who returned her gaze mercilessly. He could see the light in her eyes slowly fade. But even as that was happening, he heard how she mutter words. Words he didn't understand...magic words.
With that in mind, it was easier to push the needle through his skin, and he hated himself for it. Another point on the list, why exactly he hated himself. Fortunately, the wound was sewn up quickly, and he could go back to Sam to at least distract himself a little. The anger at his brother was long gone, which was probably really due to the fact that he had felt it for completely irrational reasons. With a sigh, Dean stuck a large plaster over the seam and left the bathroom again.
He just folded his arms over his chest and looked at the witch disparagingly. He knew the curse was getting worse and that he and Sam would end up being the ones to suffer. But what should he have done? Drag Dean by the hair into the house? Not a good idea, considering how quickly he closed up when you tried to force him. Rowena should have understood that by now. On the other hand at least, in this case, she really seemed to care about Dean's well-being.
At the same time, the two lamps that had lit the room up to that point exploded. Now they were in the dark. Dean, who had already opened his mouth to respond, closed it again and looked at the floor. Again he felt tears in his eyes. Cas was probably right. After all, he didn't apologize to him very often, and when he did, he didn't ever try to change his behavior. But, the worst part was that Castiel apologized for him or looked for explanations for his behavior. Dean screwed up his eyes and fought back the tears. He felt terrible, wanted nothing more than to hug the angel...especially now that Cas didn't seem to get hurt too much. But Castiel still didn't look at him. He couldn't tell whether Cas was angry with him or not. Hell, he couldn't even tell if he was only here because Sam had asked him or if he still cared about Dean.
Castiel had no answer the next morning on how to break the curse. Not even two weeks later when they were on their way to see Bobby. He had searched so hard for answers as never before because he saw what the curse was doing in Dean.
"If you say so," moaned Dean and wondered at the same moment since when he reacted so submissively to women.
Sam was about to say more when they both heard a panted gasp from the bathroom. Both felt the urge to go to Dean and help him. But they also knew very well that he wouldn't allow it. So they sat down at the table and stared at the tabletop until Dean came out of the bathroom.
He fought against the urge to go back inside. Because one thing was certain, in his current state, he wouldn't be able to fight against his feelings. He was going to hurt his family and he couldn't do that.
They had surrounded the two of them and now drew the circle closer. Dean had no eyes for it, however. Sam was lying next to him, unconscious, maybe even half-dead, and only because of him.
"Bobby said he might have found a solution to the curse, but he didn't want to discuss it on the phone," Castiel said finally. "We should hurry up."
Dean gave him a withering look and he lowered his gaze, to stare at his feet. They both knew how much Dean hated this woman and how deep his distrust was towards her. Nevertheless, Castiel had contacted her because she was probably the only one who could help them.
"And I've never had anything against gays. Whether girls or boys, there are only two rules. 1) If you hurt one of my boys without a good reason, I'll hurt you. 2) If they hurt you without a good reason, God help them."
He made two wrong turns because he couldn't read the signs correctly, and so it took almost half an hour longer than normal to get to the motel. With slow, unsteady steps, he went to the door. Only on the third attempt, he was able to open it and found himself faced with a helpless looking Sam and an angry Castiel. They seemed to have been talking about something but fall silent when Dean opened the door.
"We have a solution," Castiel explained in a gentle tone. "You probably won't like it, but we have one...the only one to be precise."
"We'll find out how the curse can be broken before you start going crazy," said Cas and came up to him.
For a long time, neither of them said anything. Everyone was indulging in their own thoughts, not daring to speak them out loud and thus disturbing the others in any way.
"I'm...I'm sorry, Cas," Dean finally mumbled and let himself sink back onto the bed. "I don't know why I..."
This is exactly what he was doing now, and he didn’t care that he was drinking while only covered with a towel and with goosebumps covering his body. The minibar in the room was riddled with cheap alcohol, which was probably being sold far too overpriced, and Dean didn't care how much he had to pay the next day. He grabbed the two bottles of whiskey and placed them on the table. He doesn't even bother to get a glass but drank straight from the bottle. After the first one was emptied, a pleasantly warm feeling had spread in his head, and he knew that, after another half, a comfortable sleepiness would set in.
He took his time in the shower, at least in terms of their circumstances. He just stood under the water stream for a full thirty minutes and didn't even really notice how it was getting colder.
"No idea what that was, Sam!" Dean thundered towards him and started the car. "I...the woman...we were just about to..."
Sam took out two bottles of beer from next to his bed, opened them, and handed one to Dean. He reached for it and felt his brother's fingers under his. Nothing unusual, they often touched their hands, especially when they were handing each other a bottle of beer. This time, however, it seemed to be something unusual, because as soon as Dean's fingers lay on Sam's, he let out a sound of pain and let go of the bottle. It fell to the ground and shattered into several pieces. Dean was about to complain about the spilled beer when he noticed Sam's expression.
All night long Castiel sat on the bed next to Dean and whispered soothing words. He was tempted to make his dreams easier immediately, but he was afraid of Dean's reaction. He knew that he would feel pain, and he would have accepted it. But Dean? He would probably make his thoughts from before come true, sit in the Impala, and disappear. He had to prevent that in any case, and so he just sat there, whispering his gentle words and hoping that they would keep the nightmares away.
At the same time, Dean startled from his faint-like sleep and stared at Sam, who in turn looked helplessly at Castiel. Dean followed his gaze and paled immediately.
Castiel snorted and shook his head. He knew that Dean was not fine, he could see it - in his posture, his demeanor, his facial features; he heard it in his words, his voice, and he felt it in his looks and the tension that did not seem to leave his body. But he was used to all of these things, just like Dean. Castiel's heart hurt when he saw how much suffering and soul pain Dean endured, buried deep in himself, and how he worked more and more into himself.
Without thinking about it for long, he threw himself to the foot of the bed where the intruder was sitting and hoped to knock them out before they could react. With horror, he realized that it was Castiel who sat there and looked at him in surprise. At the last second, Dean managed to throw himself to the side and landed on the floor, instead on top of the angel.
Wide awake as he was after the healing, he decided to take a shower to at least get the blood from his body. He went with a quick one - wet, soap, wash up, done. With a towel slung around his waist, he stepped out of the shower stall and ignored the slight shiver that ran through his body. Anything else was out of question, because that would have meant he had to go to Sam and Castiel's room, naked, to get some fresh clothes...and he definitely wouldn't do that! This little thought made his mind wander again on other paths, and he silently thanked the fact that the heating in this room was probably not working. If he had stood under the warm water for longer, his thoughts would have moved in different circles again, and as touch starved as he felt at the moment, it would be a shitty idea to give in to this need. It would be a disaster if Cas would appear in the bathroom while he was satisfying himself. Better not!
Without even looking at them, he went to the girl and offered her his jacket. She took it with a smile and thanked him.
He raised an eyebrow at his brother and waited for a reaction. Of course, he already knew what would come - they were brothers after all and had known each other long enough to foresee their reactions.
It was in no way different from the one he had shared with Sam. Just as tastelessly decorated, with the same dusty mattresses, ugly bed sheets, and the same disgusting bathroom.
The drive took about half an hour, and by the time they finally stopped in front of a house, Dean's nerves were on edge. The car was filled with such an intoxicating, aphrodisiac smell that he had to use all his willpower not to get his hands on Stella. For a moment, he wondered why she didn't say anything about it - surely the others hadn't held back that much - but then the smell became more intense. She was trying to change his mind and get him going. A low moan came over his lips, which he disguised as a yawn, only to be confronted with the question of whether he was bored.
Only seconds after the last word had left his mouth, Sam flew through the air and was thrown against the nearest wall. Dean saw how he dropped to the ground and remained motionless. But he didn't have time to run to him. Because in the next instant, invisible hands pulled him to Stella. He had to act quickly, otherwise, it was all over. While he was being pulled to her, his hand disappeared into his trouser pocket. Only a blink of an eye later, he hit Stella with a power that forced the air out of his lungs. But he was happy to accept that. Because at that very moment, the invisible power disappeared again. Dean took a step back and grinned confidently at Stella - his knife stuck out from her chest.
Confusion was very evident in Castiel's face, but Dean couldn't see it because his eyes were still tightly shut. He didn't say anything, just waited for it to end. When he felt Castiel's hands on his cheeks, he was relieved and at the same time, he was actually scared. Afraid of dying, afraid of the pain, afraid of never seeing Sam again...but most of all he was afraid to look Castiel in the eyes and to recognize the same hatred as a few moments before. He didn't want to look at him and know that Castiel hated him.
In Castiel, however, actually raged a fire that threatened to devour everything of him. He didn't understand why Dean wouldn't let him help. After every damn insult and threat he threw at him again and again, he must hate him! Which meant that Castiel was in no danger of feeling any pain. So why the hell didn't Dean want to be touched? He couldn't be serious! There had to be a way he could help his friend anyway...Dean would die in this bed if he didn't do anything, and he couldn't let that happen. His heart was too attached to the man before him.
"Do I look like I'm interested in the condition of the room?" He merely growled, and the key was on the table within a second.
"You apparently tried to hide just from the gaze of a certain witch. Not exactly smart to treat the sigils in such a way that they only prevent a certain person from discovering you."
"Off to Richmond. Young men have been disappearing there for a few weeks. One evening they are still in their local pub, and from then on, nobody has seen them."
He loved an angel. He wanted to be with an angel...God, he wanted to do so much with Castiel, and some of it was really not suitable for minors. Was there anything worse than wanting to seduce an angel? Dean was nowhere near what one could call a typical believer. He only believed in beings he saw, against whom he had already fought, and he had fought with angels. It was also true that they were basically pure beings, but they were just as susceptible to worldly vices as humans - which had been confirmed again and again in the past few years. Still, it felt like a crime when his feelings for Castiel get out of hand.
"Cas, good to see you," replied Dean and pushed past him, making sure that he didn't touch the angel.
Slowly he lowered the edge of the shard onto his arm. And already he felt it, this blockage in his brain that wanted to make sure he didn't hurt himself. He paused and continued to stare at the shard and his arm. The blockade remained. It was always there, every time he cut himself to draw the symbols which would banish the angels...every time he had to injure himself to get out of a trap. But in those moments it was easy to overcome. What was a cut compared to death? But now it stayed and seemed insurmountable. It was natural, served to prevent people from harming themselves - even if some tore it down and did it anyway.
He would have loved to run away, but he couldn't bring himself to do that. He couldn't leave Sam and Cas alone. Also all alone, he certainly wouldn't find an antidote or whatever that would free him from the curse.
Castiel's gaze was fixed on Dean, and Sam was really surprised that he didn't just go up in flames because the angel stared at him so intensely. He could literally see the anger burning behind Cas's eyes. Sam understood why Cas reacted that way. They just wanted to help Dean, and he blocked everything, even the smallest offer, and that was okay, that was Dean. But right now, it was about his life! The wounds had looked really bad, and Sam was sure that his brother wouldn't wake up if they didn't do anything. Briefly, he considered calling a doctor who could patch up Dean. But what should they say about what happened to him? After all, the injuries didn't look like they were from an accident or anything else. With a little practice, the doctor would realize they were from an animal attack, and since there weren't such large animals here, it would raise questions - questions they couldn't answer. So this possibility was canceled. Sam sat on his bed and stared thoughtfully at his brother. They had to do something.
Another routine that came up this week. As soon as the desire to call Sam, Castiel, or even Bobby got out of hand, he cut his arm. So he had to concentrate on something else. But that didn't last long because he couldn't cut deep. If he cut too deep, he would have to go to a hospital, and then they could find him.
Dean spun around and stared into the face of the werewolf who had run away earlier. So Cas really hadn't caught it.
However, his mind couldn't understand what that meant. Probably because it was so unbelievable to him.
Nevertheless, they searched the courtyard for Dean, because it is well known that hope died last. Maybe Dean was rational for once and would listen to them. But everyone present knew Dean well enough to know that this was wishful thinking. He was gone and only God knew where he went...although they couldn't even be sure of that.
"Just so we can take you down! I would never really get involved with something like you...with such a monster! Witches are just disgusting!"
"What? That we're going in there as bait? We don't even know what it is that dragged the men off...we have no idea how to kill it. I'd rather have more information," Sam replied.
Sam stood with his back against a shelf, the pistol out of reach on the floor. In front of him one of the werewolves, who had raised their clawed hand to tear Sam apart.
"I didn't mean to," he muttered, hanging his head. "I just wanted to help...just wanted to heal him..."
"If you had stayed with us, you would know why that is possible," growled Castiel, got up without looking at him and walked to the door.
It was quiet in the car for a while, and Sam could literally see how it was working in Dean's head. He tried to figure out what had happened by going over the situation over and over again. But he didn't seem to notice what Sam assumed from the fact that there was no music playing yet, and Dean's knuckles turned white, so tightly was he clinging to the steering wheel.
As soon as he was awake, his whole body was in tension. More than once Dean had believed his muscles or his skin would tear. But worst of all, he didn't know what to do about it! No matter what he did, the feeling stayed. Just like the need to call Sam or Castiel and tell them where he was. Simply because he wanted them close, wanted to hug them.
She hesitated a moment, but when Dean offered her his arm, she finally nodded and accept it. That said, she tried. As soon as her arm touched his, she let out a sharp scream and jumped back.
"He's about to come in," said Castiel when he entered the room where the others were waiting. "He wanted to be alone for a moment."
The journey took a little over three hours, during which Sam had time to roll over some books that he - to Dean's chagrin - had stowed in the back seat of the Impala. There weren't many monsters that were specialized in young men...actually none, so they faced another problem.
To be on the safe side, he had painted the door of the motel room with a sigil, which would prevent angels from finding the place and one, so Rowena couldn't find him with any spell. He only left the room to get something to eat and drink...and the food ended up almost untouched in the garbage can.
"Anyway, he's gone," mumbled Dean, leaning his head against the seat. "Could you drive faster? The wound needs to be stitched."
The answer came in the form of a fist that must have been aimed at his cheek but hit his shoulder. Dean stumbled back a few steps but caught himself before he could tip over and straightened up again.
"I...I'm sorry. I don't know what to do" Dean's voice was little more than a whisper and yet Castiel heard the words as clearly as if he were speaking them himself. "This need to touch someone...to be close to someone, even if it's just a hug...I can't stand it anymore. Everyone I want to hug will be in pain and those I could hug I don't want to. It was bad before the curse, but then I was able to suppress the feelings. Now..."
"Of course not," answered Bobby, his voice dripping with sarcasm, on Castiel's pathetic attempt to explain himself. "Boy, I have eyes in my head and they still work quite well. Apart from the fact that even a blind person would see that you have feelings for each other! Only you two idiots don't check it!"
His whole body itched like ants were crawling under his skin. To be in the same room with Bobby, Sam and Castiel was pure hell, especially after the two-hour drive. Cooped up in the Impala, with the two people he cared most about and unable to touch them, had brought him to the brink of madness. The urge to just throw himself at one of them had become unbearable. To have Bobby around now, and not even be able to hug him, after the long time in which they hadn't seen each other, was pure torture. Dean was about to lose control of himself and weighed his chances of being able to leave the room without being stopped by the other three.
"Is there something that I don't already know?" Muttered Dean and turned back to the window. "Or was it a waste of time to come here?"
But then he pulled himself up again and pulled the covers out from under his body to snuggle into. Another habit the curse had brought to light - he craved body closeness so much that he tried to recreate it by all means. That was also the reason why, for the second time that evening, he reached for his pillow and the one of the second bed and pressed them against his chest and stomach. He literally snuggled up to them like he would have if a human lay next to him...or a certain angel. With the illusion of a body beside him, Dean fell into a restless sleep.
And that left the angel pretty cold. He put two fingers against Dean's forehead and briefly closed his eyes. Dean just waited for a bright light to blind him and the angel to die, because that was exactly what would happen, now that another week had passed...Bobby had warned him. Tears welled up in his eyes, he didn't want to be the reason for Castiel's death!
In the motel room, he went straight to the bath to take a closer look at his wound. Sam, however, let himself fall on his bed and stared up at the ceiling. Dean has always been withdrawn when it comes to expressing his feelings, and this curse was not really conducive to it.
"She's forty now and still looks like twenty...besides, something happens to anyone she's angry with. She often knows days in advance when a storm is coming or something like that," explained a blonde woman who hadn't introduced herself now. "I saw her once through her window while she was handling one of those witch boards."
An invisible force held Dean there, as the demons liked to do. He tried to fight is, but couldn't. A young woman stood in the doorway, scowling at him.
On the way back to the motel, one thing became clearer and clearer in Dean's mind. The spell Stella used to bewitch the men didn't subside with her death. He was still aroused to an almost unbearable point, and no matter what he tried, the feeling didn't go away. So he decided to do something about it, even if he just wanted to ignore it.
Castiel knelt in his field of vision and now reached out a hand to Dean, who could no longer back away; just as he couldn't say anything against it, since only painful gasps came over his lips. He only managed to turn away from Castiel a little.
No, he had no further motives for that question. You never knew where the next drunk idiots were waiting. It was dangerous for a girl to be outside at this time, especially all alone.
"So actually you can't do that, Cas," Sam threw in now and earned confused looks on his part. "I looked through a few books and found what could be your...problem."
"You should know that I don't mind a bit of pain. After all, I'm an angel and can't really be hurt by such curses."
It was still hurting from Dean's touch. The pain his hand had caused was worse than anything Sam had known up to that point. Worse than dying itself. It had been...pure agony, and he was grateful that his mind and body had given up so quickly, and yet he would endure it again if that meant freeing Dean from the curse. Castiel probably thought the same...and then there was still the problem with Dean's wounds. Sam just hoped, that Castiel wouldn't faint so quickly as he did.
However, Dean could do what he wanted he couldn't remember Stella's words. They were still in his head like a whisper, but as soon as he tried to concentrate on them, they became quieter or disappeared entirely. It was maddening.
That was enough for Castiel. He took two steps towards the young woman and held out a hand. She couldn't react anymore when his hand came to rest on her forehead and the next moment she fell dead to the ground. Her spell on Dean disappeared and he fell also to the ground with a thud. He lay there panting and stared blankly. The pain in his body, and the pure need he felt, paralyzed him so much that he couldn't even turn his head in Castiel's direction when he said his name.
He stood there for a few more minutes and stared after her, while his mind tried to process what had happened. What if Sam hadn't made fun of him and his touch really hurt? Why did it all have to happen to him, what did it all mean?
He reached out a hand again to put it on Dean's shoulder because that's what people did when someone else was sad, right? But Dean backed away again until the table was between them.
Castiel nodded, even if his thoughts were elsewhere. He had believed that he wouldn't be in pain. Dean didn't like him...not as much as others. He was probably the last in the list of companions who were loved by Dean Winchester. Or so he had thought. Now Castiel was no longer sure, after all, the pain had almost led to him bursting his vessel. It had felt like thousands of Angel knives were piercing his body and mind at the same time. Something like that...such a pain, he hadn't endured in his whole long life, not in the battalion of angels, not in the battle for the earth, never before.
"There's something good about it.  All the excitement made my problem go away. I'm just through with this day."
"Well done, you idiot," he snapped at himself. "Now you surelly have managed to stop him from talking to you."
He knew that Castiel was wrong because he had seen the looks which his brother threw the angel. The glow in his eyes when he talked about him. Dean never said something about it...hell Sam wasn't even sure if Dean himself was aware that he loved Castiel!
Dean was uneasy about this fact. With a shudder, he pulled his knife from her chest and turned. Sam got up and picked up the gun again.
"No, no, no...," Dean stammered and wanted to grab Sam by the shoulders to shake him - but at the last moment, he remembered the curse and dropped his hands. "Come on, Sammy. Open your eyes...Sam!"
Dean watched him go to his bag and pull out a book. It took a moment to find the page he was looking for.
He went up to Castiel with a threateningly outstretched finger, which made the Angel retreat unconsciously. Immediately Cas regretted this gesture and took step towards Dean. But Dean had noticed it and now
"Help, I know," Dean interrupted him annoyed. "Forget it, Cas. You heard Sam. The curse can also harm you. Besides, before you burst into our lives, such injuries had to heal normally too."
Only in the past few days had he realized how often he touched others. They were actually only small gestures, fleeting touches, but there were many. While eating together, when they walked next to each other, a brotherly pat on the shoulder, touching here and there...they were all missing. Dean felt moved back a few years when he had been hunting with their father. During that time they shared no touch that had nothing to do with an injury...or blows because he had done something wrong.
Another time Dean stumbled away from Castiel. How could he say that so easily? So completely without any shame? Dean opened his mouth again to reply something, but clothes landed on his face. He recognized the mute hint and got dressed - Castiel even did him the favor of turning his back on him until he was done with it.
He slammed his hand on the table and stared grimly at the card. How are they going to find Dean without any clue?
"So if you take it seriously, this curse can harm you. It doesn't make any distinction between humans and other beings; if Dean likes the person, his touch becomes painful for them."
"Go ahead," said Phil, a guy who looked like a bear but seemed as tame as a lamb - he was something like the leader of this group.
"My goodness," Rowena suddenly called. "I can't watch that. Would you please explain to our angel here that you have nothing against gays; before he gets a seizure."
"I couldn't stop him," Sam replied and got down on his knees next to Castiel. "He just wanted to help you..."
"So what I've been able to find out, with the little information we have, is this: the curse just gets worse over time, and at some point, you won't care if you hurt others when you touch them. You will accept it without consideration. This curse is apparently designed to kill the people who are most important to the cursed. The pain of the loved ones increases the longer the curse lasts. If they only felt a pinch at the beginning, they will faint after a week or two and after four to five weeks it can cause death..."
After another fifteen minutes, he decided it wasn't really worth it to ponder this fact. So, in the old fashion, he pushed the disturbing thoughts into the background and finished his shower. After he was dried off and dressed, he went back into the room and dropped onto his bed.
"Without details, yeah. I touched her and at first, everything was okay. But then suddenly she said, I shouldn't pinch her...I...I didn't pinch her. The - how should I put it - the hotter it got, the more often she said I would hurt her," Dean broke off and shook his head. "I would never hurt a woman, Sammy, you know that. And when I touched her...again, she started screaming as if I had stabbed a knife between her ribs. I don't know what was going on."
"Maybe she just didn't felt like it. Could be the case," Sam tried to offer an answer to the situation.
But Castiel didn't get any further, because Dean was already outside the door and had thrown it shut behind him. The impact was so hard that one of the ugly decoration pictures fell from the wall, and the glass on it broke.
"Cas!" The scream echoed unnaturally loud in the silence after Castiel's scream. "Sam, what happened?...He didn't really..."
