Sherlock, despite his hazy state, could smell Wilkerson’s overt social-climbing, his embarrassingly obsequious networking.
Sherlock’s gaze bore into John, and with their foreheads touching, there was no escaping it. John understood what it felt like to have his soul stared directly into. Everything receded for a moment, the best kind of background noise as he let his heart be laid bare.
Their boat sliced recklessly through the water, but the guards’ boat only drew closer, coming alongside them; one of the guards jumped onto their boat, diving for Sherlock.
“Am I?” Moriarty leaned back, mild as ever. “I doubt it. I certainly wouldn’t, not a devoted Cassiline intent on keeping his sacred vigil. But it’s only the lesser of two evils, I think, for anyone who’d abandon their post.”
Ringleader leaned up from where he straddled John, drawing back to punch. John bucked, catching Ringleader in the groin before thrusting the butt of his remaining dagger to pound into Ringleader’s temple. It knocked him off balance just enough for John to scramble free, which was all the advantage he needed. John rose and spun, his boot catching Ringleader in the sternum before John found centre again. Already John’s eye began to swell. Abrasions on his ear and cheek gleamed red and wet in the streetlight.
“What the hell happened in there?” John asked. Already he’d pulled out his mobile, was tapping in the number to call the driver back round. They’d only been out for two hours at best.
Which was for the best, really. Sherlock hadn’t so much as touched his mobile since they’d entered the suite, so it was incredibly unlikely he would be so forthcoming with Lestrade.
And yet. When he grasped the knob to the front door, it filled his hand, solid metal. He twisted it, found John waiting just outside in the foyer. John glanced up at them in the beginnings of confusion.
His solitude was only thrown into sharp relief by the way Sherlock looked at John or else refused to do so. For a few stolen moments in their short time together, John had foolishly hoped maybe the ice had broken, that they found a way to see eye-to-eye. Now since their argument Sherlock rarely acknowledged him.
John pushed ahead, and managed to tackle Smith in front of a Nigerian restaurant, to the shock of a few passers-by. His victory was short-lived, however, as Smith thrashed to free himself, caught John on the ear, and knocked him off. John pushed himself up and attempted to catch him in a headlock, but Smith swerved toward Sherlock.
With Sherlock pressed shoulder-to-shoulder, they waltz slowly into their twilight years. John finally has the time--and the temerity--to count his blessings, as numerous as blades of grass.
Ms. Adler howled with laughter. “You’re going to be a pain in my arse, aren’t you? But you’re right--I can’t pass up an honour like this. What are your terms?”
He tried to ignore the sharp bite of disappointment: his damned injury spoiled the mood. The stab of pain and the flare of embarrassment doused every last ember of desire in him. If this was Naamah’s way of slowing John down to make sure he didn’t rush anything tonight, she had a sadistic way of going about it.
John woke that night to the meandering notes of Sherlock’s violin being tuned. He sighed heavily, and gave into the summons--it was one of the more polite ways Sherlock could summon him at two in the morning, after all.
.” Her words made John look back up at her. “That’s the first tenet, isn’t it? Elua’s first blessing?”
Just this past April, I got to meet more of the faces that belong to the names that frequently left love for me, including beltainefaerie and theartstudentyouhate at 221BCon 2017. Beltaine gave me the cutest little felted bee patch, and theartstudentyouhate was there for a conversation so funny I nearly peed my pants on multiple occasions.
“We all feel, John. We all--everyone contains the capacity to love or hate, to feel fear or joy or anything else. But with you--” He smiled, but it was weighed by a sadness that tugged downward at the corners of his eyes. “I have never known someone who feels things as deeply as you, John Watson. You came to my doorstep on the heels of possibly the worst tragedy that can happen to a sixteen-year-old kid. Do you remember that?”
The hallway stretched to his left just outside his door, dark save for the one golden swathe where it overlooked the sitting room. Conversation rose from the adjoining dining room; Irene’s guests sounded fairly deep into their cups. John ignored it and made for the bathroom.
“I can’t believe you,” John hissed as the taxi let them off at a condemned townhouse cordoned off with crime scene tape. “What is this supposed to be?”
John was touching him in a way he hadn’t before, and while Sherlock was slightly off-kilter about it, that didn’t mean Sherlock couldn’t enjoy the hell out of it.
His breath caught, his hand tightened reflexively as he gave up stroking to thrust into his fist: these admissions were fuelling Sherlock further, and John couldn’t help but oblige.
John’s face twisted then, and for the second time that day, the tears streaked in white-hot trails over his cheeks. His voice stopped working, so he pushed his next question through as nothing more than a whisper of air. “So you knowingly sent me into damnation?”
THAT AFTERNOON they are standing in the garden. Honeybees weave in lazy waltzes between lavender bobbing in the breeze, poppies drooping with the weight of their brilliant hues, a hundred other flowers all a riot that has crept in slower than the passing of a season, untraceable.
Sherlock struggled to shift his balance, to rise to his feet, but he managed. Helen finished dropping her trousers and sat down on the edge of the bed. “In my lap.”
A sharp pang of arousal shot through Sherlock as he realised at least a little bit of what had just been asked of him. He shifted, thorns biting into his forearms as he rolled over. Anticipation robbed him of his breath as he lowered his front side down onto the scattered thorns. Each point, now on front and back, was a white-hot star in his universe. He was particularly aware of one that pricked the skin at the crease of groin and thigh, and another frighteningly close to where his cock was trapped between his stomach and the blanket.
“I mean--I--” He wanted to take it back, but that was it. Sherlock knew his dirty secret, the first of a few.
It was a hateful gut punch. John blinked rapidly, his vision blurring, the air escaping in a rush until he couldn’t breathe. The solace he’d found and been held in for ten years--gone.
Sherlock felt his teeth click together, that was how quickly he snapped his mouth shut. Dealing with her was a lot like debating with Mycroft. And she wasn’t nearly as priggish about it. He decided right then that he definitely liked her.
Luca’s feet slapped the tile as he took off down the corridor, leaving Sherlock standing, bewildered, in an empty cell.
Of course Irene had found it funny and appropriate to saddle her debutant pupil trained to sexual pleasures with a sodding virginal warrior-priest.
Someone on the television scored and the crowd went ballistic, but John hardly noticed. Pretending to watch the game was pointless. John rose from his bed and turned the television off, determined to clean his teeth and go to sleep early. It was the only thing to quiet his head these days.
Back in the cabin, Sherlock made his way down the aisle, soaking up the stillness, the drone of the engines. The dregs of adrenaline still burned along his nerves; otherwise, this would be enough to lull him into a deep crash.
“Yes. She pricked me with a pin when I was fifteen, only to watch my reaction. I’m sure you can imagine.” Sherlock ignored the memory of that particularly fateful day, the anger and uncertainty, the humiliation of exposing a part of himself he hadn’t even known had existed. His voice cracked on the next bit, though. “Feel free to test it yourself.”
Just beyond him, within him, steel rang against steel like the memory of so many hours in the temple. A calm, stern voice whispered only,
Behind it lay that desperate hunger, that thirst for something greater. It yawned in his chest like the distance between stars, impossible to traverse. John had the feeling that would never abate.
Sherlock, having gotten his own mobile to call Irene, tried to think of an answer that didn’t betray his stupidity. Failing that, he snapped, “Quiet. I think I’ve found a new lead--”
She doesn’t need to say a name for John to know exactly who she’s talking about. Sally and Sherlock have been rivals at school since before John could remember, arguing down to the last point to outdo each other for GPA. It’d only been in the past year they’d lanced their acquaintanceship and let the vitriol seep free, and it’s still odd to see them actually get along. Well, for a given quantity of
Jim’s smile was wide, and for the first time, what Sherlock had always thought before was charm felt like a grinning shark circling, scenting for blood.
Even still, it didn’t dampen Sherlock’s good mood, a loose easiness he’d never quite experienced before. He offered John a wide grin and an enthusiastic, “Good morning, dour pilgrim.”
“Children, Sherlock. As they grow. Each birthday you stand them at the door frame and mark their height.”
But he didn’t. Instead, he raised one eyebrow, his expression deadpan. “I’ve been told I do just fine.”
John wasn’t sure if he was relieved or alarmed when Sally showed up during Sherlock's quest to talk to Lestrade.
he thought. But he knew better than that--Irene had already pointed him toward the patron she intended to win his debut, had gathered Sherlock’s consent. Jim would have to wait until later.
Unraveling Moriarty’s new scheme would mean going back into Naamah’s service, of that Sherlock was fairly certain. He’d do it now under his own power, on his own terms, but that would be the only way to tease out the leads he’d need to stop whatever Moriarty was planning next.
He rolled over in a huff, mashing his face into the pillow. He was reading into things, wasn’t he? French and D’Angelines were likely the victims of all manner of crimes in the UK, and the same for Brits in France.
was a Sherlock only he saw, someone vulnerable who needed him, wholly unlike the heavy-lidded seducer who followed Naamah's calling or the hard, spiky man who walked through life with head held high.
His pulse skyrocketed when he saw the design on the front: a plain black circle, gold-embossed keys intertwined with a proud M in the centre.
Sherlock pushed his hips up and away from the edge of the bed, his breath ragged. His shoulders screamed with the strain of their angle, his ribs nearly bruised within the confines of the corset.
Sherlock huffed a gusty breath into the silence. He stared down at his erection, which was still existent, against all probability. He groaned and threw an arm over his eyes. It certainly wouldn’t do to leave the room in such a state.
even her rich voice suggested a secret world of all she could inflict. “That’s quite the selling point if it’s true.”
He couldn’t help, as he walked, to think of what it might be like if John were the one trailing him. The conversation would be a vast improvement, for one.
No hesitation. It was boggling to think this complete stranger was willing to defy a major company policy on the promise of good luck.
Sherlock’s hands itched to tear open the packet Sally had given him, but he resisted. Some desires became sweeter when delayed.
“Is it so impossible for you to work out?” Sherlock tugged at his hair, vitriol rising from his center. Lestrade had called them back in--not that Sherlock had intended to do anything other than storm the ‘Yard that night, anyhow--and it felt like they were all just shy of spilling blood in his office.
A pair of dainty knuckles rapped on his doorframe. From the mirror’s reflection, Sherlock could see over his shoulder to where Irene leaned there, a bemused expression writ on her face.
His mind drew in nothing but Jim: the curve of his lips and the arch of his brow, and every twitch on that velvet leash, dark and sure.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand, once and then once again. “It took standing before them to realise that I’ve chosen you again and again since I was first assigned to you. At every turn, my path has always led me to your side.”
Sherlock’s only recourse was to roll off of the couch and beat a hasty retreat to his room. For the first time, Sherlock’s resolve to win the game wavered. This was going to be unbearable.
Sherlock crept away from his door as silently as possible, and came back to it with louder footsteps to serve as a warning. He cleared his throat and knocked, a crisp rap against the wood.
Mycroft ignored Sherlock, which Sherlock found infinitely annoying. Instead he plowed on. “My people have been searching for a connection, but have come up dry on every lead we can find. I need you to use whatever networks you have at your disposal. Your compliance would be handsomely rewarded--a solved case could mean your
He'd woken up from a dream, the contents of which still swam before his eyes: the inner sanctum of Elua's temple, the sky above cloudless and blue, a blanket of sweetgrass and
Around each corner lurked the probability of their hedonism thrown in his face. It came from the way Irene and her assistant, Kate, gossiped over what John felt was far too much detail about assignations. It manifested itself the way Sherlock sauntered through rooms when he wasn’t in a fit of manic possession, single-minded in whatever currently had his attention.
Liliane smiled, nearly a grin. “Then you’d better take care of it. I’m far too old, and the Verreuil name dies with me. I have no sisters or brothers, or even cousins who carry the name. I will never marry, nor have children. Who better to keep the memory alive?”
He hooked Sherlock’s fingertips in his own, tugging him gently toward the dance floor. Sherlock resisted momentarily until he discerned John’s plan, then his body went pliant, trailing behind him as acquiescent as John had ever seen him.
I know this is a great set-up for more to come, and very much mirrors the final few scenes of the book with this, but as of right now I have zero plan of continuing this universe. If someone wants to pick up from here, please feel free to do so--and let me know so I can read along, too! :D
But then Victor’s hand at the base of his spine, hot as a brand, heavy as an anchor, lifted Sherlock from that daydream, centering him once more in the present.
So that was her real game, Sherlock thought. She wanted to see how far she could push him, to test the bounds of his sexual flexibility.
Someone grabbed Sherlock by the sash, yanking him toward the contraption. Another guest threw it open, a heavy crack as the top panel flopped backward and hit the base. When the first set of hands pushed him forward he bent low of his own volition, resting his neck and hands where they were meant to go. Fear and delight in equal measure pounded in his blood, beat loud in his ears.
He cupped John’s jaw in his palms and kissed him delicately. John was sure the sweetness of it would make his heart burst.
Sherlock ignored the spike of self-loathing that speared through his middle. John likely shared Sally’s opinion. He had no reason to believe Sherlock was worth anything more than a plaything for the wealthy, no reason to believe Sherlock had any real merit as a person.
No, no. Sherlock’s thoughts circled round to that question bitterly again and again but he already knew why: in absentia, it was very likely the murders were painted as the work of what anyone else would see them as: a Cassiline and a servant of Naamah, desperate to escape their obligations and elope, assuming Mary removed John’s body from the scene.
“I am the head of the Siovalese Brotherhood,” she said significantly, and when he let his confusion show, she continued. “These have been in my family for generations. Five hundred years, and many more besides.”
Without any warning, Sherlock felt the pressure, the stinging stretch as Victor plunged a digit into him, wiggling and thrusting before Sherlock had any time to adjust. Sherlock cried out, ignoring the pain in his arms and wrists to attempt thrusting back against Victor’s hand.
the following morning. She held a thick, creamy-white card between outstretched first and second fingers. “Special delivery. Came by courier this morning.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock replied, working hard to keep the bite from his tone. It wasn’t fine, but it also wasn’t his call--
Lestrade shrugged, the thought lost in the pleasant buzz of a shared pint or two, tossed his jacket on the sofa. He flicked on the lamp nearby, dim golden light painting his features with warmth.
Adding a crowd (read: potential threat to John’s ward) to the strain already between them didn't help matters. John tried his level best to angle himself to watch the door, the restaurant proper, and Sherlock all at the same time, his jaw tight and lips pursed. At one point a customer bumped into them, pushing John against Sherlock’s side. Sherlock felt the hard edge of one hidden steel vambrace bite into his side.
The room in which he convalesced quickly became a cell as oppressive as any in Pentonville. The drab walls offered no new clues, no secrets about the history of the room that Sherlock hadn’t already deduced a hundred times over, and the longer he sat, the longer the silence set in, the louder the ringing in his ears grew.
John’s phone chimed from his nightstand, and he glanced back toward it before locking horns with Sherlock.
“First you knock me over, and now you’re laughing at me,” Sherlock commented in feigned disdain as he finished wriggling from his pants. His smirk shouldn’t have been half as charming as John found it.
“Nearly a year and a half,” he managed. Then it clicked, the exact date. “Sixteen months, t-twenty-eight days.”
“How do you want me to fuck you, freak? You want me to take it easy on you, the way Lestrade did when he popped your cherry?” She paused a moment, and her voice lost some of its surety again. “Or d’you want me to fuck you the way Dimmock would? He really can’t stand you, you know. He--he’d show you no bloody mercy.”
“Do go on.” Sherlock stopped pacing long enough to cut his marquist a rude glare. “We’re not here for a crime drama. A man
He let his free hand splay against the wood of Sherlock’s door, let his eyes droop closed while he let himself imagine he wasn’t there, that he wasn’t torn between his god and his heart.
“Ow, you arse!” John called with a laugh, and launched himself forward. His heart raced as his arms sliced through the water, his blood singing in his veins. For years afterward he would acknowledge only to himself that this was the only time he’d felt truly alive, up until getting shipped to Afghanistan. As he drew abreast of Sherlock he called, “Winner gets to make the loser do something truly stupid.”
Sherlock dropped his gaze to the plush carpeting as he crossed the room to stand in its centre. Victor straightened, came close enough to circle round him, until Sherlock could feel his heat like an electrostatic charge.
John frowned, letting his eye flick over to Sherlock. “How?” He seemed shocked that the word had escaped his mouth.
A barrel-full of thanks to the ongoing support you all have shown me. I can't express what it means to me. I am flabbergasted and only hope I can continue to live up to your expectations.
The stranger in grey stepped into the well-lit corner Irene and Sherlock used as their stage, and his face was devoid of the anger Sherlock had seen only moments before. In its place was a bland, polite smile, all deep blue eyes and kind laugh-lines in a face not much older than his own. Dishwater-blond hair, compact shoulders, body held in parade position--
Something brilliant red caught his eye: at first it was an unintelligible blur, but as his vision cleared the image only made somewhat more sense. Deep scarlet like the mote in his eye, eight petals, one for each Companion.
Amelia Chamberlain was the picture of her house canon: perfection. Sherlock could see it in the turn of her smile, the precision of the pin curls in her dark hair, the poise which dictated a straight spine even sitting on a sofa, the attractive angles her elbow and wrist made while she held her wine glass. She had retired from her long service in Camellia House after having met her now-husband, Dominique Chamberlain, the head of Banque Nationale in Paris. They were in the city on his business, but Amelia had made it a point to visit with Irene.
“Do your best,” Wilkerson had said as he stripped, before stretching out on the bed, as if he were laying down to sleep.
“Elua,” John panted and rolled his hips up. The way his cock slid along the narrow crease between Sherlock’s hip and groin sent sparks through him. It should’ve been illegal. “Shit.”
She looked back up to Sherlock, her voice strained. “I--I apologise. I will have to cut our visit short--but I’ll leave your payment and your gift with Mal. Please don’t think poorly of me--”
“You want this last year to be special,” Sherlock says. “I want that too. I know the rest of this evening has been rather bizarre, but there’s still some salvaging tonight.” He can feel the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
Brother Vincent clasped his hands behind his back, walked out a little way beneath the stars, and John followed. The winter-dead grasses crunched beneath their boots, the flowers long-gone.
And then Sherlock dropped low again, and this time he took his bloody time grinding back against John.
Jim only hummed, then drew out a little satin eye-mask, padded to block the gaps on either side of the nose, affording true darkness. Then Sherlock saw no more.
Sherlock’s eyes roamed the meagre stretch of Wilkerson’s body, taking in the relaxed pose, the way nothing about his body at all indicated there was tension or excitement held at bay.
“Surely the authorities are investigating the bombings to the best of their ability,” another guest replied. “And now that there’s been another in Germany--”
“Well. Tight-lipped is fine. So long as you stay put, stick to your little vigil, you can be as silent as you like.”
The murders had all been done in revenge. That much he knew already; a desperate grasp at a return to normalcy. But knowing Amelia Chamberlain had gone to such lengths to not only seek her own, but provide it for others--that took a certain brand of courage that John couldn’t wholly overwrite with adherence to the law or an appeal to morality.
clients,” and here she broke off as a titter circled the room, “but a celebration--my brother and I turn thirty-nine today!” She paused for the smattering of polite applause and went along. “With that in mind, I’d like to present my birthday present to my favorite sibling and business rival.” Laughter, now. Then a male voice, clearing his throat as he drew nearer.
Sherlock stood, forced himself into stony neutrality. If he could just fortify his exterior enough to keep all the destruction inside… he’d be able to do this.
The incongruity of Sherlock’s warm affection and John’s cock at attention right beside his cheekbone made John giggle. “Sherlock Holmes, telling me I’m thinking too much?”
It didn’t take long until the fire crackled conversationally and its heat began pushing back the bitter cold air in 221b. Sherlock watched from the kitchen as he busied himself making tea while John stood before the fireplace, palms outstretched to warm them as he admired his handiwork.
When Jim spoke, it took every iota of willpower to keep from breaking his teeth. “Daddy’s waited for some time now, Sherlock. I know it must have been
John could almost imagine it: Sherlock making all those noises without actually doing the deed, only to pop into the hallway with that insufferable grin right about the time John gave into his baser urges and wanked right along in the hallway.
The date of the assignation was set for a week after the fète. As the day drew closer, Sherlock found the anticipation unendurable, and spent most of his time defraying that by pestering both Irene and his brother, who saw fit for the first time in years to contact him, offering his congratulations at Sherlock's new appointment.
The next morning Sherlock woke to find he’d fallen asleep at the table, forehead drooped to rest on his forearm amidst all the sample vials of his experimental colognes. The different floral scents invaded his head first, soft and pungent, rounded out with another, lighter scent he couldn’t place. Something so familiar it should be obvious. Something he’d smelled his whole life. Why couldn’t he place it? Head pounding, neck aching, he squeezed his eyes shut harder. Whatever the new scent was, it might be the missing element in those colognes, unless his head was just that thoroughly done in from smelling them the whole time he’d slept.
“I have in the past few days, and yes, I hear Daniel will be in town soon.” Jim’s tone was entirely put off, cool and detached, and some part of Sherlock wondered if he only entertained this conversation to further Sherlock’s humiliation. Surely he
“Back the fuck off!” he shouted. “I ain’t wanna hafta go this way, blud, but you ain’t just leave us with the birdie over there--”
“Take me all the way into your mouth. As much as you can.” Lestrade shifted, pressing a shin between Sherlock’s thighs.
the way his skin warmed was obvious in the daylight streaming in through his bedroom windows. He kept his eyes shut, praying his infatuation wasn’t glaringly obvious. He knew it was anyway.
“Friends, old and new. We all know why we’re gathered here tonight: the debut of my young protege. I am pleased to say, that while he has not usurped me as the youngest adept to do so, he has surpassed me as the adept to complete his training the fastest.
John’s squared jaw and narrowed eyes were just short of a proper glare, but then he relented. “So this isn’t any sort of apology for your behavior. Good. Glad to get that cleared up.”
John prayed then that whatever was happening in the ballroom, nothing had happened quite yet. If all hell broke loose before John could get back and do his duty, he’d never forgive himself. Neither would Cassiel, if there was anything left worth forgiving.
“So impatient,” John noted. Then his tone slid into something more… Sherlock-like, actually. “So, in the course of all your time as a Servant of Naamah, I’m sure most of your patrons were pretty well-versed at seeing how far they could push you, yeah? How much pain you could take?”
John, alive, against every odd, alive and proving his devotion--if this wasn’t real then it was the most hateful thing--Sherlock would surely die--or maybe this was Sherlock’s dying dream, his final thoughts before Kushiel’s mercy at last pulled him under.
He felt naked as he stood before them, leaning heavily on his cane. He’d come in a simple suit, darker grey than the Cassiline wont, sans vambraces or weapons. Those rested on the table, right between Brother Rocaille and Brother Vincent.
“Rachel Howells was into edgeplay,” came John’s quiet voice from his corner. “If it was an adept, they may have been on the receiving end of a scene that went very wrong.”
When Sherlock had been barred from entering the Cassiline wing of Elua’s temple, John was doubly surprised to see his ward accept this verdict with nothing more than a clenched jaw and a sharp nod.
“Well, then.” Moriarty stepped back, satisfied. He met John’s eyes, laid that dare once more. “Good night to you both.” He retreated to his flat and the door clicked shut behind him.
This explained the complimentary themed costumes and the fact that they were at this terrible party in the first place.
Sherlock leaned forward, letting his chest, warm and solid, brush across John's shoulder as he reached for the teapot.  "May I?"
Well, he knows the answer to that one, at least. This is one of the few parties marking the dwindling time between himself and heading off to the army at the end of the school-year. He has to make this year count.
John couldn’t look him in the eye. All he could think of was the heartbreak he’d seen there, when he’d made his choice.
hard. They fought bitterly in that terrible place between lovers and acquaintances, unsure of how to move forward. By the end of the night, though, Elua illuminated their path.
They stumbled into their flat hours later, Sherlock’s skin too tight between winter’s bluster and the roiling irritation fueled by having to actually fill out Lestrade’s paperwork for once, since his explanation was otherwise not forthcoming.
Irene hummed thoughtfully and Sherlock felt the heat creeping under his skin. He’d specifically failed to mention that he was no virgin. He’d let her make her own assumptions. She’d insisted repeatedly that his debut would draw a wider audience if he was still untouched.
“Didn’t say a word.” John smiled just a little, his bare teeth catching the smallest hint of light from the moon shining through a nearby window. “But I’ll follow you to the ends of the earth.” He looked to Felippa and Lorenzo. “Let’s go.”
They didn’t bother drawing rein before the house, instead barreling in through the still-open front door before they drew up short.
“You have good news for me, I hear?” Sherlock asked, tilting his chin up. He refused to meet Irene’s gaze, to let her know just how much Jim affected him.
John studied him again with hard eyes, which raked over Sherlock in a way that left him feeling bare. It was odd that untrained John seemed to have the same effect as his brother’s eagle-eyed gaze, as Irene’s or Moriarty’s. Sherlock fought the urge to shift uncomfortably.
Sherlock ignored the frisson behind his sternum, the tug between pride in a job well done and the scorn of someone in such constant proximity. Then he drew himself inward and up, tilting his chin up to pin John with an icy glare before turning to Mrs. Wilkerson with a much softer expression. "Thank you for sharing your husband with me this evening,
“That was when we got Red Beard--my father had a way of offering his affection in the form of service or else gifts.”
But when he stumbled over to where they lay in the floor, it wasn’t there. Nor was it in his Belstaff or the bag of accessories he’d taken to Sally’s. Had he left it at hers?
Holy shit, it seems like the harder I try to crack down and get this beastie done, the more the real world intervenes! What the heck. Anyway, if you need a refresher:
Sherlock dropped his hands from his hair, paused his ranting and pacing long enough to take her in, well and truly. Then it came to him in a flash: he saw what he’d missed every time they butted heads.
Sherlock nodded, and would have been more nervous about his suggestion, were it not for the way mischief animated John’s expression, a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it flash of trouble.
Then more gunfire rang out from the lobby--the woman, surely more guards, certainly the one that had led John to him.
“No wonder they have you locked upstairs. All bite, aren’t you?” Moriarty reached up and patted his cheek, a shade stiffer than affection.
Sherlock felt the absence of Victor’s body heat then, cooling along the burning skin of arse and thighs, and he clutched at the opposite edge of the desk, all too aware of the chilly, unforgiving press of the edge against his groin. Footsteps circled quietly round, until Sherlock could see Victor standing in front of him, just from the periphery of his vision.
Brother Vincent, who sat on a bench nearby, sighed audibly. “Calm down, John. These things are standard. Your SIG has seen far more action than any other brother or sister’s gun in Elua knows how long. There
If it were any other act he’d caught John in, any other private speech, Sherlock wouldn’t hesitate to deduce him to shreds. As it was, Sherlock knew too well the desperate plea sent out to a being who may or may not be there. He had intruded, and he knew it.
Sherlock had no idea what to make of that, only that it had something to do with Midwinter Solstice; John hadn’t behaved that way in many months. Did he object to Jim in a way he didn’t with Sherlock’s other patrons? Or was it simply that he’d “come to his senses” in the hours leading to Elua’s vigil, and he’d remembered all that Cassiline priggishness he’d worn on his sleeve in those early days? That would be enough to saddle John with that dreadful resignation, Sherlock thought.
He found an opening in the crowd nearby, and wound their way through labyrinthine bodies swaying, undulating to the thudding bass as the song changed, melody and lyric stripped away, this song’s pace twice that of the previous. John turned instinctually to face Sherlock, realised just how...
The climate change should have been expected, though, he reasoned. Mycroft had convinced Sherlock to take a case in the southeastern United States, which meant Sherlock had spent the days prior to their departure checking weather patterns. John, who had erroneously assumed his button-downs would suffice for whatever the States could throw at them, envied Sherlock now, who sat huddled in his spot for this stake-out in a pair of decent, dark-wash jeans and a thin royal blue v-neck tee. The change in attire for the case and climate made him look about five years younger, and not for the first time, John had noticed he’d been having trouble keeping his eyes off his flatmate.
But what was this, exactly? John hadn’t ever met any of Sherlock’s other patrons--how was he to know if Jim Moriarty was any different from the rest of the poncy bastards? Was guarding Sherlock on any other assignation easier, simply from not knowing?
Sherlock swallowed, could sense the trap on Jim’s question. If he answered, he’d do Naamah a disservice by lying, and besides, Jim had been an adept of Mandrake--he knew well the bonds between servants and their patrons. Then again, Jim had a wide possessive streak. Sherlock could stay silent, but then omission might be just as damning.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and tossed his phone onto his bed. Leave it to Mycroft to be of no help whatsoever.
Sherlock clenched his teeth together, only somewhat more sheltered from the wind and cold, and hunched as close to the arch of votives, one for Elua and each Companion. He took warmth from it, strength from it, and bared his soul in prayer.
Sister Molly was not dissuaded so easily. She caught up with him in the main foyer, and the look on her face landed sharp as a blow.
Mrs. Wilkerson smiled, unaware of their silent feud, and waved away the formality. "It's my pleasure. I'm glad to see him so relaxed after he's had a visit from Naamah."
John was everything Sherlock held dearest; he’d gone from stranger, to begrudging companion, to the brightest star in Sherlock’s sky. His assignment had been a lark, a joke only Irene had found funny. And now…
Before John could protest, Sherlock rose and began weaving his way through the tables and chairs, beelining for the exit.
But it was no use. By the time the water had boiled, the tea had steeped, he was no closer to finding a conclusion as to what he should have done. One thought kept coming back to him, each time he replayed the fear in Sherlock’s wide eyes as that thug pinned him to the brick wall--
The memory of wrestling Marcus Smith to the ground, Sherlock opening himself up for potential injury to spur a set of twin daggers into action; the shock of shared laughter in the aftermath, a darkened winter street.
John raked a hand through his short-cropped hair, his nostrils flaring. “And now you’ll throw me under the bus, just the same?”
want a copy!). I'll let you know more as I gather details, but be on the lookout for that! If it's something you're interested in, let me know in the comments below!
A VERY special shout-out also needs to go to Garrett and Nate from the Starbucks by my house for hooking me up with far too much free coffee any time my internet went to shit at home. Garrett, it was always nice to take a break and talk music with you. Nate, you were hilarious, attractive, and helped form a small part of my headcanon for Victor’s appearance. Y’all will probably never read this, which is for the best. I dunno if you’d give me any more free coffee if you knew what I was getting up to while hunched over this laptop at my table.
Sherlock made a soft, noncommittal noise at that. After another eternal silence, the thump of John’s heart and the acute awareness of Sherlock’s hand in his own, Sherlock spoke again. “I’m glad.”
Maybe Amelia or her husband was embezzling in order to pay him off. Had the Chamberlains been doing poorly
The basic aspects of performance were, of course, part of the curriculum of any servant of Naamah--Sherlock may have not been from Eglantine, to have been blessed extraordinarily with song or dance, but he could acquit himself very nicely when the situation called for it.
Sherlock fought the urge to twitch against the syrupy sweet tone and pet name--it had been fine in-scene, but now it was embarrassing. He was glad he couldn’t see Wilkerson’s face.
In all truth, Sherlock had hoped, hoped he would find something likeable about the design Irene and Mr. Ames had settled on. He didn't actually expect it to pass muster, not completely. He was certainly prepared to argue details into their tedium to be absolutely certain he would approve of the ink that would indelibly mark this passage in his life.
When Sherlock rose, mother-nude save for the manacles, a bronze mask obscured his face, but those eyes--blue-green and gold, the brilliant red mote swimming in his left eye--were unmistakable even if John didn’t already recognise his body.
“His attendant” was the blonde woman from Cereus House, though something about her build suggested she’d trained elsewhere.
Victor released his chin, shifting forward to press his chest against Sherlock’s, his lips inches away. His voice curled like sin, even as he whispered, “Answer me, you pretty little whore. Why did Irene send you to me?” Victor snared a fistful of Sherlock’s hair, squeezing slowly and tilting his head back once more, forcing Sherlock to meet his gaze.
And then John shifted again, and with no preamble he took Sherlock’s cock in his mouth, tongue lapping at the frenulum before he slid down further to take in as much of it as he could.. He wasted no time in setting the pace, occasionally glancing up to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
“They all stand behind Frédérique,” Amelia answered. The Parisian lilt to her voice held a sombre note.
This was just another fascinating aspect of the Cassiline glued to his side--when confronted with his first bit of proper action in the field, his response was amusement rather than distress.
John tugged at the collar of his button-down. For the first time since Afghanistan, he felt like he was overdressed for mid-September: sweat beaded and rolled down his spine, leaving a tickling, sticky trail behind. It didn’t matter that it was well after midnight; the air was still just as thick and oppressive as it had been when they’d stepped off the plane at midday their first day over. It had been a week and a half of jungle-humid levels of hell, no matter what time of day.
When Lestrade pushed him back against the bed and stripped him down, Sherlock had no idea what he was in for. He watched as Lestrade undid his own button-down, peeled off the vest beneath, shucked trousers. All Sherlock could see was skin, glorious skin dusted with hair and glowing in lamplight. Years of furtive, ineffectual wanks to the bounty of the internet was nothing compared to an actual live person, ready to give him whatever he was willing to take.
Amelia froze in her doorway, fear apparent as she took in the well-lit sitting room. Her eyes flitted to Sherlock seated in the centre of her sofa, to John by her elbow, which she jerked away. “What the hell are
Sherlock knew full well John mainly just brooded during these assignations, but there was absolutely no point in goading the Cassiline further.
The pause between his question and Mycroft's response was lengthy enough for Sherlock to have built a tower of his textbooks and turn them into target practice for his knife-throwing. By the time he'd ripped through a rather handsome rendering of
"I am, Mr. Holmes. I'm sure you can appreciate the honour, and the work I've been shifting aside to make time for your design."
They stay there like that a second, John behind Sherlock, hand on his back, but Sherlock turns and gently catches John’s wrist. He lifts it, kisses the soft skin along the inner wrist, right where he can feel John’s pulse jump and tic.
She plucked at his garter belt until the clasp hook slid free, and she dragged his panties down just enough to let her shaft slide along the cleft of his arse. Her hold on the handcuffs served as her leverage. Sherlock could just imagine the way it must’ve looked: the length of her darker-toned strap-on nestled between his plump, pale arsecheeks. It felt like a tease, just a warm-up designed to make him needy. With her free hand she drizzled some of the lube where skin met silicone until she could glide through the slick mess, picking up a rhythm.
Sister Roberts leaned forward on her desk, raising her laced fingers to touch her thumbs to her lips. “You appear frustrated by this whole situation,” she noted. “Why? Why use it to hide your fear?”
Sherlock prayed. He prayed for John, and for Irene and Kate: innocents that had been caught in the crossfire between Moriarty and him. He prayed for Cecily and Frédérique, and even Luca. If he’d paid attention sooner, if he’d only connected the dots faster, looked past his own bias to consider the possibility that Jim Moriarty was exactly what Mycroft had said he was, maybe--
Sherlock hated it. He hated that John could be so damned hung up on something so essential to him. He hated himself for wanting that approval so much--even more than he wanted the warm regard of a former patron.
Sherlock rose fast enough to send the blood rushing from his head, spinning to face Lestrade and John. “High-profile murder and absolutely no leads. Oh, this is brilliant!”
If Sherlock loved John--and he wasn’t foolish enough to think anymore that he didn’t--he couldn’t do that to him.
1.) I do want to note that I do not agree at all with the appraisal of “common” strippers and prostitutes in this story. One of the problems, unfortunately, with privileged D’Angeline society, is thinking like this--that what they do is any different, at its core. Which, you would think they’d understand--one would really hope that anyone in the sex industry in this universe would find Naamah’s joy and/or blessing in the work (or something similar, really, from whatever their higher power). By extension one would hope that any servant would want the same standards of care and safety for all their fellow sex-workers outside the D’Angeline society. Just… trust me when I say that this is a privilege that I hope to examine later on. **nods**
She claimed the steps to 221B and opened the door. Sherlock was on his laptop while John was looking through the papers with a highlighter in his chair. Neither of them noticed or maybe they didn't want to notice their daughter walking in.
Sherlock decided to step in. "Charlotte you promised. Why don't you stay true to your bragging and spend actual time with your baby?"
John deepened the kiss and rolled Sherlock on to his back. Sherlock then pulled back a little bit. "John I would absolutely love you to ravish me right now but I'm completely exhausted and I'm pretty sure I'll fall asleep on you if we start something. Could we pick this up again tomorrow?"
"Well then change the law!" Sherlock yelled "If we can't do that what the bloody hell are we good for?!"
Greg let out a deep breath "How about if you help me fix the room up then I'll buy you a pint. It'll already show your parents you're trying and maybe get you home faster."
John ran up the walkway and hugged his Mum. She was an Omega, rather short in stature with blond short hair and a little on the portly side. John took in the familiar smells of roses and baked bread before pulling away. "Hullo Mum." He said with a smile on his face.
Mycroft stood and straightened his jacket "Well what can you do? Sherlock has always been a strong willed Alpha. No matter how much we wish it, he won't change all we can do is hope he is a steady and just King."
John thought for a second. While he knew it was his duty he also knew if he didn’t get at least some of his assignments in he could kiss his hard earned degree goodbye.
John wanted to scream. This was not the time or the place to have an outs with the King. John smashed his anger down and gave a half smile "Well, I suppose everyone is entitled to their opinion."
John wore his army fatigues and felt more nervous as the music began to play. Soon Sherlock would be his once and for all and he honestly couldn't wait. Christopher stood next to him acting as his best man while Persephone acted as Sherlocks Maid of Honour. It seemed like the kids were putting aside their differences for the day.
Tonight was the night that they would be meeting John's children, somewhat of a "practice run" of the bonding ceremony that would be taking place the following week.
I love you and if I didn't I wouldn't have stood before all of our friends and made a commitment to you. I thought we agreed to support each other through thick and thin.
John walked up to Molly. "This is....um...." Hey placed his hands on her arms "You have to keep this a secret."
She looks back at me and smiles. I honestly don't remember when we fell asleep. I know I should get up because you are waiting for me but I can't bring myself too.
“This is ridiculous. My presence makes absolutely no difference.” John said coming to a stop in front of the press conference door.
John's air had escaped his lugs, Sherlock had just proposed to him how could his Da possibly know? "How?..."
Sherlock kept looking in the distance and John continued. "I flew off the handle and I take back all those demands I set. You are free to do what you want and I can't stop you. I'm sorry I destroyed your experiments. You're not to blame for anything that has happened to Charlotte. I took my anger and aggression out on you and that was not okay." He was still silent. "Sherlock please say something..."
Sherlock sat cross-cross on the mat listening to the instructors breathing exercise. He tried not to look around at the other couples together and be envious as each alpha helped their omega. It hurt too much at the moment.
Chloe tried putting on a smile but it was very condescending “Do you mind putting on something to cover yourself up? I don’t want my younger brothers being subjected to such an immodest attire.”
Sherlock started rummaging through the drawers until he found John's pyjamas and threw them at him "Feel free to sleep on the couch tonight!"
John walked over to where Sherlock was sitting and kissed him "Hello love." He said and rubbed his belly.
"Good luck." Richard said. John could have sworn he saw the old man start to laugh as he walked away.
These are people that are publishing my book and they are throwing a party for me, so I'm going even if you made it very clear that you're not. End of story!
John sat up and rubbed his hands down his face "Yeah alright. Not like this is making any sense anyways." John got up and stretched his back "So where is he?"
He looked over at Sherlock who was staring out the window, lips pursed in anger as he held his hand firmly. There where two security guards dressed in black suits facing them and didn't even seem to blink they were staring so intently at the two. John didn't want to breathe much less ask where they were going.
Violet accepted the challenge that Zachary was giving "And if your son wasn't raised by a Beta nobody, then perhaps he would have gained some manners and tried courting our son before humping him!"
Sherlock gave him a genuine confused look "Why would I do that when I have you and the driver to do it for me?" He then turned around and walked straight into the building.
John looked at the photo with an empty car and blood in it "Its a car I'm guessing someone was murdered in it."
"I'm sure. You know I'm sure my mother told you about our families agreement for Sherlock and I but know that I do not think like her. But if you ever need an ear or a rescue from the vultures I am more than happy to be a sounding board for you."
Greg and the driver looking at each other but as their prince bided them, grabbed the rest of his luggage and headed into the building. Of course not without a few curse words under theirs breaths.
The kitchen became silent and the little ones crawled out from under the table to witness their grandparents reaction to the news.
John looked at Sherlock who was listening intently "I want you to be apart of our lives too especially the baby's but I will take no ill treatment of my husband. He and I plan to bond after the baby is born so he's not going anywhere. You have to be willing to accept all of us."
You smile and I find it easy to smile back. You tell me your stuff will be here tomorrow but you have to pack a few things.
Before he knew it he had been in Scotland for over a month now. Until the base would be ready for him to move into which wouldn't be until September, he was currently residing with his parents.
The gates were closed behind them and the car pulled up. Johns door was open and to protect his privacy an umbrella was opened to the side of him to hide him from the pictures that were being taken. Sherlock was quickly escorted in with John about 12 guards behind him.
John adjusted his tie in the mirror, he usually hated dressing up but tonight it feels like a special treat. Since Mary died he felt that taking over both Mother and Father roles trumped any wants of a social life out the window and he was fine with that. Luckily in a family like his life wasn't very boring but still, getting a chance to have a conversation with actual adults seemed perfect.
Greg nodded to Sherlock "Yeah I should know by now that you and your progeny are one in the same." Greg gave a small smile "Well anyways before I let you on anymore cases you have to do paperwork. I mean it. The higher ups will have both our heads if you don't."
John lifted Sherlock up and practically threw him on the bed causing Sherlock to begin laughing in-between kissing. John took a second to look at Sherlock "Hello Mr. Watson-Holmes."
"Come along John." Sherlock said grabbing his hand and leading them through the crowd. The farther you got into the house, the more detail and priceless artefacts could be found. John was afraid to touch anything, it was like being in a museum. The ceilings where rather high and John briefly wondering how on earth they kept the dust off the art on the walls.
Sherlock held his phone closer to his face while rocking Archimedes after his nightly feed. ‘Could have gone? John it was an absolute nightmare.’
Sherlock laughed at the surprise but appreciated the sentiment none the less. He then kissed his new husband "Bedroom is down the hall." He whispered.
Through his tears Sherlock bitterly laughed "No you don't John. You loved the idea of us. Of the baby. That's the only and true reason you were with me and you can thank your lucky stars you won't have a baby to tie you down anymore because there is no baby to think of anymore."
Charlotte nodded. "You too." Charlotte took Tristan from David's arms and looking down at her sweet baby's smile began to cry hard.
The stench of eggs hits her and makes her want to throw up. She turns the corner and her parents are in the kitchen. Sherlock is at the table reading a book while John is walking back and forth making breakfast.
John smiled and for the first time took in his new home. It was right outside London so it was not far from the City but it was in a nice area so he wouldn't have to worry about his children playing outside.
Mike looked around the locker room to make sure they were alone "Look John, I don't know how to tell you this but....some of the lads and I have been talking and...we think it may be time for you to call this mess quits...."
You're calling me right now asking if I'm still going to show up to dinner tonight. I promise I'll be there as soon as this new chapter is done and if the fucking publisist stops calling. Don't loose faith in me I promise I'll be there.
"Engaurde! Pirate Waylon! You'll walk the plank!" Lucretia screamed as she chased her Alpha twin. True to her words she started charging at Waylon.
I can't believe it's over. My heart aches knowing that you're gone. You were the one that called it off and I don't understand why.
John gave a smile and walked up to him and wrapped his arms around his waist then raised himself up a bit to capture his lips. "Nothing. Just marvelling at you."
John looked at his Father for clues to where this conversation might be going "Well we were lab partners but I wouldn't consider him what you call a friend." In fact John could remember the boy who was scrawny and light skinned very shy. And he was no help at all when it came to group projects.
Sherlock remained silent and went back to looking out into the city. John sighed and took the hint that Sherlock didn't want to say anything. He came to stand beside him near the ledge and also began looking out.
Sherlock was pushed through the crowd as his private security tried to make a somewhat path for him to the car. He hated this, hated this life, in normal circumstance the "rebuilt" family member would come home to tears and promises of things to make them better. But then again being born with a crown on your head and a sceptre in your hand is anything but normal.
John gave a weak smile to his parents. "Everything sounds so pretty in French. Excuse me." John said then walked to the bedroom door as well.
John smiled at his Dad's attempt at humour. "Trust me Mum, this next year I'm going to be too focused on school to even look at Alphas. Like Da said I'm a 23 years old Omega, just back from basic training in Kabul, trying to get into medical school. Nothing exciting is going to happen to me."
"So John must start his lessons earlier than we thought." His mother said taking a gentle sip of her tea. The royal family was sitting in the lounge having a small family meeting of the agenda for the week.
Sherlock held John tightly. He missed this side of his alpha. This gentle man was the one he fell in love with and hoped with all his heart that he would get him back because if he had to live without John he was sure he wouldn't last long.
"Sounds good. I'm just going to pop off to the loo before we head down." John says as he closes the door to the restroom.
Charlotte sat up on the couch. "Oh...so it's ok when you want to fuck me but god forbid I would want to fuck you." She said grabbing David's crotch.
Sherlock looked down at his stomach "I don't know....I don't want to leave but I know why John wants to go back as well."
Before the conversation could continue the doctor scooted her stool back and removed her gloves. "Alright, everything looks good." She then went over to wash her hands "I'll go get the ultrasound machine so we can look at that baby of yours okay?" She said with a sweet smile.
"You're not asking me. I'm telling you. We'll keep it a secret, stay out of the public eye. Whatever it takes to be with you, I'll do it."
John read over the same line again "It's not making sense Sherlock. I'm never going to get it. I might as well drop out of class, go back to living with my parents, and die." He then threw himself on the stage with the script covering his face.
Charlotte and David walked into the flat and dropped their book bags down. "Hello." David said walking over to Sherlock. He picked up the infant. "How was he?"
Sherlock stared pouting "I just hate the thought about leaving this place. I love London and I want the baby to love it too."
Finally got the chapter up! Sorry it took so long. I was having but of a writers block but I'm hoping to be back in schedule. I haven't forgetten about this fic and I hope you enjoy this new chapter!
"Stay." Sherlock said. He gestured to the other side of the table. "You'll get a better look over here."
"You weren't kidding when you said the football team makes a mess in there. What on earth is their thought process in there?"
Nothing was said even when Richard returned with the tea and some nibbles on a silver tray. Sherlock and John gave each other a weary smile as if to say 'well at least they're not yelling at each other.'
Mike takes a second to realise what had just happened before he stops Sherlock from walking away. "Wait! No, he's here he is just using the facilities. I'll go fetch him."
Sherlock wiped the spit up from the baby's face and held him a little tighter "Well if you think that's crazy, then prepare yourselves for the subject of his children."
John and Sherlock both looked down at the purple, sticky, being and gave laughs through tears of joy. "It's a boy Sherlock." John said through his laugh and tears.
John sucked in the fresh air of home. He had just gotten back from basic training in Kabul but being an Omega, was not allowed to stay and do a full tour with his mates. Even though Omegas had been allowed into the military for over a quarter of a century they were still too "delicate" to fight in the front lines. Instead the were subjected to desk jobs or in John's case, off-combat medical staff which brought him to now, his last year of basic university levels before medical school.
Sherlock looked out the window once the black car he was in stopped. He vaguely noticed a young man who jumped back when he wasn't paying attention and almost ran into the car but the memory was fleeting and he could care less.
Sherlock smiled "I like the sound of that." The kissing began again as they started to take each other's clothes off.
They were lead immediately to the main room of the palace. The staff tried to look like they were busy but Sherlock could see that they couldn't keep their eyes off the wayward prince looking just as disheveled as he left.
Persephone couldn’t help but smile at her Mum’s happiness. She had never seen that look in his eye before. She was taken out of her trance by Chloe’s clearing of her throat. Persephone turned towards her and gave her a questioning look trying not to be annoyed “Yes?”
Sherlock turned to see David standing by the stairs. "It's not your fault. He just stressed and tired."
John accepted the letter as his hands started shaking with excitement. "Sir, I really don't know what to say..."
John had hugged his Mum as she wished him good luck. On the plane ride he tried to come up with a script for himself to try to say but gave up after awhile.
Sherlock nodded "I didn't want to live on campus and potentially have a dull room mate so with the help of my parents we secured this flat with the land lady Mrs Hudson. My mother and her are very old friends."
Sherlock was becoming angry and Darius could see that. He walked into the kitchen and grabbed a biscuit like it was no big deal "Mums going to he bonded. That's the news." He then walked out like nothing happened.
Sherlock smirked "I wouldn't say that, more like the next chapter in this adventure." Sherlock rocked his arms up and down to keep the baby in his arms at peace.
After the kiss it was like something turned on in Sherlock, all these feelings and desires, especially the one about wanting to see John naked in every position.
At the time he had met Sherlock he had only eight children having just adopted the twins Waylon and Lucretia from one of Sherlocks homeless network which he later found out his how he adopted the the older set of twins Valentina and Edelweiss and Sabian. After Sherlocks last two pregnancies which resulted in the two younger children Killian and now Archimedes, Greg had asked him if he was done subjecting the world to more Holmes children and all he did was smile and say "You never know."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. Mycroft was so hypocritical. He wondered if his brother knew he knew of his little secret relationship with their head of security. He could tell his parents and that relationship would end but even though he wouldn't admit it he actually liked Greg and a moping Mycroft would be horrible to live with.
Sherlock was next and held her tightly. "My beautiful baby, this is hard for me but I'm glad you're doing what you set out to do. If you ever decide to come home there will always be room for you."
Sherlock heaved himself up from the chair he was sitting in and rubbed his pregnant stomach. He was only three short weeks away from his due date but he wished it was a lot sooner it was getting hard to do anything anymore. "Love is just an illusion! A trick I played on myself to make me believe John loved me. I don't need him or anyone! It'll just be me and the baby from now on."
Siger nodded "It's true, but when you are the King you tend to see the facts and ramifications of the way Omegas handle things. When Sherlock is King I'm confident he will carry on my opinions of the subject matter."
John ignored the biting comment. More recently he was starting to realise just how out of his depth he was. Sherlock was trying to be supportive as possible but because the man grew up in this world he didn't understand why John was so uncomfortable.
Charlotte looked at him and started laughing. "Oh....if it ism't my perfffect mate." Her words terrible slurred and she flung her arms around David's neck. "I might've had a few drinks."
Greg stood straight "Look I know this isn't your ideal situation but let's get one thing straight, I am not your maid! My job is to protect you and make sure you don't anything stupid! You are going to help me set up this room and were are going to try to make the best out of a bad situation. Who knows it might be fun?"
Sherlock quickly wiped his face and lost the hat and began to walk up to the door. He was about to knock then the door opened with a smack and there stood a very angry portly man.
For once Sherlock did not scoff at the statement about keeping house and home just because he was an Omega. Instead he also smiled as said "I do."
John held Sherlocks hand as he panted with the pain while Oliver checked how far along Sherlock was. John kissed Sherlocks forehead "You're doing great. You're okay, it's alright." He tried to sooth.
Oliver smiled "You got a cute baby here. I'm checking for the cord so don't push for a second....okay cords clear. If you give me another strong push your baby should be born! You're almost done!"
Sherlock opened the script and started "If I profane with my unworthiest hand this holy shrine, the gentle fine is this: My lips, two blushing pilgrims, ready stand to smooth that rough touch with a tender kiss."
"So pub tonight?" Andrew said. "I think you need a little celebration since it seems your so called husband forgot."
Sherlock then looked at John "On the condition that we will someday come back here to live. That's all I ask. And I'm not promising I'm going to like it but for you I'll give it a try."
John shook his head "Well no, but I'm catching on quickly." he felt an uneasiness begin to take over.
"Oh hush up. It's not everyday we have royalty at our house." She flitted about as she pulled out a roast which had been marinating overnight in the fridge. "That reminds me, could you pull out your fathers best shirt? I want to make sure it's nice and pressed."
Sherlock placed John's hand on his lower back and held his hand at eye length with his own hand "So it's quite simple you just step back..." They did the movements as Sherlock spoke "....step side.....step OUCH!" Sherlock said as John stepped on his foot.
Siger spoke up "Nothing John. It's just very rare to see someone from your background come to be very accomplished, especially when you are an Omega."
Greg looked down at his feet and scuffed his shoe against the floor "Well, let's just say that when I was given the opportunity I took it for granted."
John crossed his arms over himself and looked at his boss "This pervert was trying to get me to take my clothes off!"
There are so many dreams we need to see through together. So many years to be just us. We will never be complete or alive until we've done all we can do together.
Valerie laughed a fake airy laugh and took the box "He's joking. I bet it's delicious. Did you make it yourself?"
Greg, who had been standing and listening outside the door immediately bolted in the office. "What?! Sherlock! Are you sure?"
They sat on the roof of St. Barts on a blanket. "It's hard to believe that it was just six months ago that you first took me here." John said.
Charlotte's tryout for the London Ballet were a few days away and for the first time John found himself praying that she would get in just to give them all peace away from their daughter.
John almost dropped a dish but grabbed it before it could shatter. "Shit...." He said quietly and cleared his throat. "Mary? What did she want?"
Sherlock held his head up in a pompous way and opened the bedroom door calling his husbands bluff. "No time like the present then."
Tristan squealed and David chuckled. When he looked up Charlotte had bolted into the bakery and her eyes searched. When she saw them she sat down at the table.
Sherlock stood up trying to see what all the fuss was about and decided to follow Greg as he went to see for himself what was going on.
The girl smiled but it was definitely forced "I'm sorry I probably should introduce myself." She held out her hand for him to shake which he reluctantly took. "My name is Marry Morstan. John and I grew up together."
Despite John's unwillingness to follow he didn't want to cause a scene so he just followed. The walked to the corner of the room and stood in front of a man in a dark blue suit with black hair and brown eyes.
Sherlock sighs. It's a sigh he makes when someone is being utterly stupid. "Okay let's approach this differently, are you happy with the way things are?"
John smirked at his husbands misery and wrapped his arms around him "You poor baby. You look completely worn out."
He sighed and turned over to face the wall, this was ridiculous. He was the Crowned Prince, he needed to focus on laws and diplomacy not an Omega with golden hair, a laugh that was like music, and the most beautiful blue eyes he'd even seen....NO! It didn't matter. He couldn't care.
Sherlock looked at John seriously "I'm sorry husband. I can help you with studying if you want. We'll have you graduating on time." Sherlock gave a tired smiled to his husband and grabbed his hand so he could kiss his fingers.
Charlotte took a sip and almost wanted to gag. It was bitter and strong and she couldn't see why anyone would willingly drink it.
John made Sherlock meet his gaze by lifting his chin "Don't you think it's worth a try?" John kissed him and he kisses back. It was passionate and desperate but felt wonderful.
Sherlock began sucking and biting John's neck as his thrusts began to quicken. "Oh John...." He moaned.
They ran down the hall as fast as they could. They ducked in and out of the campus trying to find a way to get away from them. They ended up in the theatre and Sherlock locked the door behind them.
James shrugged "To be honest so were we. We thought he'd want you reading baby books or some stupid shit. But he said you've been stressed and to treat this as a somewhat as a last hurrah."
Valerie shook her head "Well glad that's all behind us. No more running around like that worrying us silly young man. I nearly had a heart attack when I heard your training group was shot at!"
David caught her just in time before she hit the ground. He kicked off some of Charlottes sick off his feet before carrying her up to her bedroom. He laid her down and started to gently undress her until she was down to her underwear and put a blanket over her.
They went back to John's dorm room so he could change out of the track shorts and old t-shirt he was currently wearing. Sherlock began looking through a few of his clothes. "Don't you have anything nicer?" Sherlock said.
Sherlock nodded "Apparently it was Omegas only and that's why you weren't invited. I wish you were I could have used you to hide behind. I've never been..." Sherlock shuttered at memory "touched and coddled so much. I also found I hate the term 'you're glowing', it's just a nice way of saying I'm fat and sweaty."
He continued on his way down the bleachers until he got onto the field. He stopped to catch his breath for a few seconds and scan the crowd for John. Once he spotted him he smiled and headed over.
John looked down and tried thinking of something to say "I was called into Sargent Smiths office today and...."
Christopher put a hand in his sisters shoulder to calm her down before she could make a scene "Freaking out here won't do anything. What's done is done and now we just have to live with it no matter how much it sucks."
Sherlock tried to reach for John as well and nearly fought tooth and nail to get them to let him go. "Release him! I command you! Do as I say!"
After changing and taking a few deep breaths John walked out to the kitchen. Sherlock had finished cleaning the mess and was currently sitting on the couch with his legs tucked into himself and his arms wrapped around them.
I'm stating at the ceiling of a hotel room. I take a deep breath and turn on my side. I met this pretty woman, Mary is her name.
"Hello pumpkin!" John's mom said. She was a short blonde beta woman who was wearing a pair of jeans and a blouse. Her husband who was also a beta was just slightly taller then John and a little on the portly side with silver hair. He wore a light cardigan and in a way the older couple matched.
Cases have been pouring in thanks to the blog and you're thrilled with the fact that you're no longer so bored. I'm greatful that you don't feel the need to shoot the wall due to it. Poor Mrs. Hudson, she never saw the damage coming.
John became angry "Look, I've worked hard to get where I am and no stupid, whinny, omega whore is going to take that away from me! Just because I put a cheap ring on your finger does not mean anything in this decision I made!!"
"Ah John" a women wearing too much perfume came up and kissed his cheeks "Look at you. Glowing already."
John hid his head on Sherlocks shoulder trying to get his embarrassment under control. Sherlock who didn't know what to do decided to cut the tension a little bit. "I brought dessert. John told me you like cheesecake sir." He said to Bruce.
Sherlock watched in fascination as John rolled the condom onto himself and saw John begin to push his fingers inside his leaking hole.
Violet gave her son a pointed look "Darling you've been distracted since we've gotten here. Are you feeling well?"
John gulped still trying to get over his uncomfortable feeling of being here "I wanted to talk to you...about last night...."
Sherlock looked back at John with anger in his eyes. "Why would you choose something like that over someone who loves and cares for you?! I may be an unsocial person but I have never given you any reason to be dishonest with me! Why John?! Why do you constantly lie and hide from me?" Sherlock voice started to break as tears filled his eyes. "Why are you afraid of me? Why do you push me away when all I want to do is help you?!"
David and Charlottes relationship was strained due to that fact that David felt she should spend more time with him and Tristan but Charlotte would just say she's following her dreams and eventually it would better all of them in the future. It was an old fight and it came to the point where David didn't even care. His son had to have at least one parent devoted to his well being. It also helped that Sherlock and John were grandparents from heaven.
Greg shook his head "No, it's fine. Um...." Greg tried collecting his thoughts "Mycroft and I were newly bonded and married and things happened and I had gotten pregnant. He was just starting out in the government and I was dedicated to being on the force. We decided together that kids could wait so....I got rid of it...."
John took a deep breath and turned. His eyes grew wide as he took in the sight of his soon to be bonded. Sherlock wore a dark black suit with a white white collarless shirt underneath to make it easier for John to bite him later. He looked absolutely beautiful.
"Gather around ladies!" Madam Leeves announced. She was a tall thin woman with a subtle hint of a French accent. Even though she was well into her sixties she looked quite young for her age.
John stood up “Did you not just hear what I said? Besides, Jim was there and he assured me that it would be fine if I sat one out as long as I gave him permission!”
John glared at him "That's why you're waking me up? Sherlock...." He pulled the pillow over his head.
Charlotte put her head down and stared down at the floor. "Ever since I was three years old I've wanted to do nothing more but dance. It's my one true passion and my escape from the outside world. My home life is not one of a fairytales sir." Charlotte met his eyes again. "But I promise you, I will work harder then any other dancer you will ever meet."
The first realization that his hopes where stupid was his first trip to Tesco two days after the announcement. His Mum had asked him to pick up a few items as she was in the middle of house work and he wanted to help out. He was looking at a can of beans when the flash happened.
Greg tried to stop John but he just kept walking. Once John was out of the hospital he began to run, faster and harder then he ever ran before. He ended up on the edge of the river Thames and once he got there he began to scream.
Sherlock glared at the attendant behind the desk and half threw the clip board with his signature. The past two months had been utterly tedious and the sooner he got out of here the better.
Sick of being hunched over the microscope he tried to stretch his back but it seemed to be a trying feat due to the extra weight in his front.
Greg rolled his eyes "I can't wait until the day you become king and I can tell people about that way you act."
The owner of the ballet company stepped forth. He was a tall very thin man, from the looks of it he was in his mid sixties with salt and pepper hair. His body had natural perfect posture but you could tell the ailments his body faced from years of dancing.
“I recall you giving your word that you would be there to oversee the charity donation! Do you know how bad this looks John?? Do you not understand??”
Sherlock and John both could do nothing but stay quiet and look at their daughter who had just finished yelling her lungs out and is a complete wreck from crying. Every word she says is true. It is all their fault.
Violet directed her anger towards John "We wouldn't even be in this mess if you hadn't forced yourself on my baby!"
Andrew blushed and John giggled at his friend who was brought down a peg. He walked up to Sherlock and kissed his cheek. "Hello love." He then rubbed his stomach and felt the baby kick "And hello baby."
The next day John came back to the hospital bringing a book and a 'I'm sorry' card. He knew it wasn't much but he had to start somewhere to prove to Sherlock he wanted to make this work.
"Now let us begin. Our performance season is not too far off." Madam Leeves tapped her cane against the ground giving the girls the signal to take their place. "Miss Charlotte?"
Violet rolled her eyes "No they are not! As far as I'm concerned he is not married because he is not bonded, and if he's not bonded he has no other family besides us! So, why should I invite these strangers into my home and be nice to them?!"
Siger poured two glasses for them and handed one to John. John slowly slipped the drink, it was smooth and didn't burn going down like the cheap brandy he's had previously.
Sherlock closed his eyes "I've decided I'm quiting school. The baby will need my full attention and I know I will have to work eventually but while I can I'm going to spend as much time with the baby as possible. It's the best option I have."
His eldest Christopher aged 17 who looked like the spitting image of John just taller carried a box with some books and other nick-nacks "Present and accounted for Captain. I'm already liking this new place better then the last. It doesn't have the smell of wet dog."
John turned towards Sherlocks unsteady voice "Yeah..." He gestured to his undid tie "I'm about ready to nix this bloody thing though."
David shrugged. "It's probably better any ways." He smiled a little trying to make the situation better. "Besides.." He says as he lifted up the baby in the air making him laugh. "I get to spend time with the little guy."
But I know that this isn't really about the party. Can you please for one minute stop hiding behind yourself and say what you feel.
Both boys panted and started giggling at their blissed out state. They kissed until John's knot deflated and only pulled apart just so John could pull out.
They got up to the room and Greg unlocked the door and stepped inside the room. "Good God." He said.
Sherlock smiled at his husbands interaction with their child "So are you willing to come with a selfish arsehole to celebrate your birthday?"
John held Sherlock close and made small moans as each thrust. It was wonderful, each slap of their hips joining them as one and pleasure coursing through their veins. "I'm going to cum." John said.
John looked up at Sherlock. "Look....please don't get hurt by what I'm about to say...." He then took a deep breath "But....well....we haven't been together very long and my...um...heats are very personal and I'm not ready to share that part of me with someone."
Bruce crossed his arms. "Isn't that just fucking convenient. You, an Alpha just happened to magically appear on more door step as my son is going through his heat. Like hell I'm letting you in there."
The study was warm with leather furniture, an extensive library, and furniture John was sure he would have to save up a lifetime for just to think about purchasing it.
Soon both boys were naked and John began preparing Sherlock. Sherlock's senses were already sensitive and just with John pumping his fingers in and out of him he began to come, the orgasm taking out of him more then usual.
One month. One blissful, stupid, month. To be fair, in hindsight Sherlock was surprised it lasted that long.
John gulped but did as he was told. He watched as the doctor spread gel on Sherlocks abdomen and held the device into his stomach.
Sherlock looked up and had a sad look on his face. "I'm sorry Greg my mind is otherwise preoccupied."
Charlotte rolled her eyes. "I'm going to get on a spaceship. Where do you think I'm going?" She said as she put her hands on her hip.
Sorry it took awhile for this chapter to come up. I've been super busy! I'm hoping to have some more up soon. Thanks for reading!
John tried again clearing his throat a little louder and still no response. He turned his head towards his friends who were snickering to themselves. John was determined not to let them win, the more direct approach it would have to be. He took a deep breath "Excuse me." He said and placed a hand on his shoulder.
John got angrier with each word "You need to shut up about things you don't know. Yeah all this happened really fast but I'm glad it did! I can't just leave and know my kid is out there somewhere without never knowing them and yes, Sherlock can be a right pain in the arse but he's my pain in the arse! It's nice to know though all my friends are rooting for me to fail!"
On the outside he was doing everything on autopilot. The apprenticeship was going well with Dr. Connor. John was making leaps and bounds, he was getting everything he worked so hard for and yet.....none of it made him happy.
That didn't help either. His head wasn't there and he was slacking more then usual. Finally when they were doing drills across the field and John tripped and faced planted himself onto the ground his Sargent yelled "Watson!"
John could feel his eyes welling up slightly but refused to let the tears fall. "It says since Sherlock and I weren't bonded, that it's very cut and dry. He gets nothing from me and I get nothing from him but I do have to sign the papers by August 12th or face a court ."
John turned towards the booming voice that had just yelled and stood wide eyed as the King himself walked in. Everyone immediately bowed to his majesty and John not wanting to be rude started to as well before Sherlock pushed him back up.
Sherlock was on the verge of shaking "Please sir, I have no intentions of holding John back. I care deeply for your son."
John had met the overly cheerly/ no-nonsense women when his studies began two weeks go. While she was sympathetic to John's sadness of loosing his family she still made sure he didn't dwell in his own pool of depression. Between school and his new lessons at the palace John almost felt as if the world was saying 'you're too busy to be sad'. To top it all off Sherlock was attending to his own matters of state as well as hosting press conferences and lunches galore.
"It looks that way yes." Sherlock said taking the photo back "In reality the man, his wife, and an rental car dealer made it seem like he was murdered so they could collect the insurance money and live nice and comfy for the rest of their lives. You know who solved it?"
He was treated to a manicure and a facial and a massage to relax him. Fine oils and perfumes were sprayed on him and lotions that made his skin feel like silk were put on him. His eyebrows were plucked to clean them up a bit and his teeth whitened.
The baby started to make an appearance, not enough to be defined as defiantly pregnant but looks as if Sherlock had been indulging on one too many sweets. Sherlock threw the biggest fit when he could no longer fit into his trousers but thankfully his trust fund hadn't been frozen yet so he was able to purchase some new clothing.
Sherlock pushed himself up a little and gave his husband a deep kiss. He barely parted his lips from him "Don't worry John." He then kissed him again.
He went into the main office and looked around until he finally spotted what could only the the back of Sherlocks head. He was sitting down at a desk with the same long Belstaff coat he loved so much.
John had walked in and greeted Mike and Lily, a big smile on his face. Age was apparent on his face but he wore it with fine dignity. Sherlock could tell that he was still in the military, had been bonded, was currently single, was as handsome as ever.
Sherlock kneels on the floor and cries even harder. This is his worst nightmare, this is why he never wanted to bond in the first place and the one person who was supposed not be that way has turned into the very thing he hated.
Sherlock rubbed his belly willing the baby inside to stop wiggling so much, he had been still to long. "Honestly, you should have been able to figure out this one without me."
Everyone hugged us and wished us happiness. After it was all said and done we could do nothing but smile and kiss.
James rolled his eyes. "Mike said any omega, so an any omega I chose. Unless John doesn't think he's Alpha enough."
"Seems that it's an open bar there's really no point in you buying me a drink but if you like you can fetch me one." The words were out of his mouth before he could stop them and for the first time his eyes went wide in surprise with his onslaught of words thinking that maybe John wouldn't care for the bluntness but to his surprise the Alpha just laughed.
John shook his head "I know it's fast and we've just reconnected but I've never felt so sure of anything in my life. It can be just like old times. I'm still bonkers about you."
John stood on the able and got his whistle out and blew it bring all the fighting and shouting to a standstill. Using his best Captain voice shouted “Enough!” Once he knew he had command of the room and looked at his surroundings. “Watsons fall in!”
John stayed awake a little longer running his fingers through Sherlock's hair. Before he drifted off to sleep he laid his hand on Sherlock's stomach, slowly circling the spot which held their baby. John kissed Sherlock's forehead then closed his eyes as well. Both ignorant of what tomorrow might bring.
"So Zachary by your logic you think that MY son and MY grandchild should move to Scotland just because your son may be deployed? Well in that case Sherlock should just stay here. I'm here and so is his Father. Besides I think it be better for the baby's development to be raised in a Holmes household."
Wedding/bonding planning was always something John thought would come easy. When he overheard people talking about how stressful the entire planning process was he thought they were being dramatic. How fucking wrong he had been.
The process, while relaxing even the painful bits, turned out to be exhausting. There was so much to be done it seemed and no one acted like it was out of the ordinary to do these things. In fact John felt as though he was being judged for never putting this much energy and time into himself before.
Sherlock looked at John "Well Romeo is saying that love is blind and can make you do things against your will."
Sherlock was trying to get a grip on his emotions, in defeat he sat back down on the chair. The baby was getting worked up by his emotions so he started to caress his stomach lovingly "Yes.....eventually John would have seen for himself that we would never work so....I let him go before he could leave me....I thought it would be easier this way...." A few tears leaked from Sherlocks eye.
As he was brushing his teeth the pain came back. He hunched over and grabbed his stomach. He looked at his watch, it had been an hour since the last pain, a sense of fear came back but his mind was telling him to be logical about it, start timing the space in between the pains.
"He already has eight children." Odessa said interrupting. She was becoming impatient with this conversation dragging out.
Sherlock nodded and headed to the elevator. The driver and Greg waited for Sherlock to press the call button but when Sherlock gave them a 'what-are-you-waiting-for look' Greg pressed the button.
Siger and Violet looked up from their work and stood to greet their sons. Mycroft stood proud as Sherlock dragged his feet like a child that was about to be punished, though he kept his stubborn facade.
They held hands and smiled but never in public. They tried really hard to keep everyone off their trail. It wasn't easy thanks to Greg. The only time they were alone was when Greg buggered off to see Mycroft.
As soon as they got to the flat Sherlock stomped his way up the stairs and practically slammed the door in John's face.
Sherlock took pity on his husband and gently kissed his lips and embraced him which made John feel ten thousand pounds lighter.
Sherlock spoke in a hushed tone and watched Johns lips as he spoke and couldn't help getting even closer to him until they were practically a breath apart. "Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged.
In the distance Siger and John could hear Violet and Sherlock yelling at each other in French before the door to the study flew open with Sherlock looking like an angry bull.
John walked into the room with light clapping. While there weren't very many people here the Omegas of the influential made up the framework of society. There were still some single Omegas, children of the families being brought out to be paraded so they could marry up but mostly it was stuffy Omegas trying to rub elbows to gain the latest gossip to bring their peers down. The whole fake kindness thing that John witnessed between them made him sick.
"I didn't even know how you got the consultation without me knowing." Mycroft said. "Surely you would think this thing through since Archimedes is still so young. He hasn't even been weaned yet."
Sherlock stood up and spoke to the entire Watson and started to introduce his children. “This is Persephone she is the eldest, then Darius, Sabian, Odessa, Edelweiss and Valentina are my first set of twins followed by Waylon and Lucretia my second set, Killian and Archimedes are my youngest.”
Sherlock picked up a light blue onsie "I really like John's middle name, Hamish. He hates it though."
John went out to the front of the house where it seemed all his children wanted to be witness to their Dad leaving. "So what do you think?" He said sticking his arms out and displaying his outfit.
Sherlock raised his head in defiance despite the contraction he was currently having. "You lied to me, I lied to you. We're even now. Go home John." Sherlock turned and walked back towards Greg's office. The contractions were beginning to intensify.
"You're not 'buggering off' you're just going out and having a drink and talking to people who haven't either shat themselves in the last 24-hours or needed you to feed them. I'll even babysit but you should go!"
I don't understand why you're sure our love is dead but I guess in this free world you're allowed to choose your own path.
Charlotte couldn't tear her eyes away from the grave. "So this is how it ends then....you and I never making up for time we should of had together. Instead you just leave me here by myself to raise our son alone. I was thinking the other day how different my life would have been if I never met you. Fuck you for making me think that this life could be fair. You promised to love me and you actually kept that promise. As much as the past hurts and the way things happened between us I don't regret it. I would love you all over again given the chance.....and so love, our life is over, but I'll make you one last vow...."
John thought about what he would have done if Sherlock would have done the same thing Greg did, it made sense now why he was dedicated to keeping the baby.
He sat down at a table and pulled Tristan to his lap. He kissed the baby's forehead. "You know I don't have a lot of fond memories of your other Grandad but this was always the one day that was always special. There are sometimes where I miss him but now I have you don't I?"
When she reached for her son to try and pry him away he burst into hysterics and started flailing his arms and legs. "No! No! No! I want Grandad! No Mummy!" His cheeks became red and he was screaming at the too of his lungs.
Tears kept spilling down his cheeks "How do you know that Greg? No one can love me....I am an outsider. I hear what people call me, a freak. The baby is all I have left and...if I stay here and the baby heard that, they'll start believing it too and then leave me as well. I can't loose the only piece of happiness I have left Greg...it would kill me..." Sherlock began sobbing hard.
A few weeks pass and John is finally starting to come into a flow with Sherlock. He finds that his husband gets easily bored, he hates loosing at board games, laughs at the homework he's given, and in a new development very self conscious about his weight.
John chugged the pint much to the amazement of his friends. After he took a few breaths he spoke "If this is going to be my last crazy night lets make it a good one." John said.
Sherlock nodded his head "Yeah just remembering that I'm not as in shape as I used to be. Enough about that though I'm very proud of you John."
"My son is the reason I'm doing this. He deserves only the best and this way I'll be able to give him anything he wants."
Believe it or not the night before classes started was one of the busiest night at Traders. Students wanted to have "one last night of freedom" before having to commit to books and school work.
Sherlock started going through the post that he had been ignoring for the past couple of days. Bills always went straight to Mycroft since Sherlock found them tedious and boring but some of his children's various school still insisted on send information through regular post instead of coming into the 21st century and just use email. Also every once in a great while Sherlock would get requests from clients about various cases so it was always worth going through it.
He was quickly taken out of his thoughts as guards started to pay him down. They were going through his pockets and even one grabbed his behind in the process.
Charlotte could see that she was going to get no where like this so she handed him back to her Dad and the little boy immediately calmed down with the pccasional teary breath.
John and Sherlock walked out together in silence. They got to the car and Sherlock held the door open for John. He could feel the tension radiating off the Omega but decided it was better to remain quiet. When John got in the car Sherlock bent down. "I'll speak to you later John."
Charlottes defences went down and she sadly nods and stands up. Before she heads out of the bakery she turns back. "By the way, Happy Birthday David." And then leaves.
John let out a breath as he felt a tug on his pants and looked down to see his youngest child's big green eyes staring back at him. "Yes Caleb?"
He just wanted to skip the announcement. He knew he was being childish but it was just so tempting to not face them again.
Harry smiled, clearly happy that she upset her brother. "Well then, answer when an Alpha talks to you, baby maker."
John watched as they left, the anger never leaving his eyes and turned around and went back to work. He hoped that he would never see that Alpha again.
Sherlock and his father were walking through Piccadilly Square going in and out of shops and stocking up on bits of baby necessities.
I won't go back to the lonely detective I once was and even though I don't believe in a higher power for once it feels like someone wants us together and I refuse to argue with it.
Greg smirked at John's optimism "Perhaps. But if anything your kid along with Sherlock would be more then enough children for the Holmes family."
Sherlock licked his lips. He tried to pull himself together "Because....I'm me....and you're....well....you."
'Alright it was foolish of me to think that.’ John said. ‘I guess it’ll just take them a little longer to get along. It’ll all be okay love.’
Greg held up his hand to his face and started rubbing the bridge of his nose. "Yeah alright. He's not going to be happy about this though."
"Me?....Stupid?" Charlotte said as she stood but never quite finding her balance. "Listen..." She said digging her finger in his chest and willing herself to sober up. "I'm not stupid. You're the one that raped me, you're the one that kidnapped me, and that kid we have upstairs....I didn't even want. But I went through it all because it was the right thing to do! I'm tired of doing something to please everyone else! Who gives a fuck if I go out and have a little fun?"
The Professer nodded "In any matter this will be the first and last time you are allowed to be late or else you will find yourself looked out of class."
Sherlock looked up and a small snails came on his lips. "You look wonderful as well. I've never seen you more handsome."
David took a deep breath and looked to the front door. Bullshit this was normal. There was one person he knew he could talk to, someone who would happily give him options to hopefully ease the burden on his father-in-laws.
Sherlock looked over. "My parents are an alpha/omega pair, my mother being the alpha, my father the omega. My father and mother both held high positions in the government but are now retired, enjoying their life by being with their friends and attending the latest social event. My father is very kind so he won't be the problem. My mother on the other hand is very protective of me. I'm the baby of the family and in between my older brother Mycroft and I there was another son but died due to SIDS just two weeks after he was born. My father wasn't supposed to be able to carry more children making me their 'miracle' child. Due to that everything I do is under my mothers watchful eye. Don't talk about politics or anything that may be considered controversial to them or you may start World War III."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes in confusion and looked at his daughter "I go on cases and chase criminals and come back here and chase you lot, how is that not fun?" He said completely honest.
When he came out in the roof he saw Sherlock leaning too far over the building for his liking "Sherlock! Get away from there!"
Greg scoffed as he handed him his preferred clothing of black slacks and a button down shirt that was blue. "I bet you are but try talking your parents into letting you do that."
John sighed when the main course was taken away. The pressing awkwardness of this night was almost over.
Clothes began to be removed as they head for the bed. John's legs wrapped around Sherlocks hips as thief shirts where removed. Sherlock started to rut against John while trying to undue his trousers. Once they were finally undone he removed both his trousers and pants in one swoop.
Greg laughed "I'm sorry Your Majesty it doesn't work like that. You have Bio Chemistry at 9, then Calculus at 11, followed by Shakespeare studies."
As he was lacing up his boots for ROTC he hoped that the physical aspect would help him get out his bent up energy from last night.
"You know the reason why. I can't back out of my position and you could get in serious trouble for dating a prince when you are head of our security. In any case this is not why I called you."
All the students were sitting alphabetically by last name so John was close to the back row and Sherlock braced himself for a boring and tedious graduation. The seats were long metal benches and having to sit there was rather like torture. He would endure though, for John.
John could feel the stress fall off as the boys shared the latest stories on various sexual escapades. They ordered seven pizzas and sodas and started their crude conversation again.
"But darling don't you understand? The chance may pass you by and before you know it, it could be too late."
The kitchen was a bushel of energy. Staff was running in and out and John smelt the most amazing food coming out of the stove and his mouth began to water.
John took a deep breath and his heart started racing. What the fuck did he agree to? He couldn't do this! But yet....this was his last chance at happiness.
Sherlock looked away from John. "I'm...bullheaded, selfish, unkind. You shouldn't be forced to be with someone like me. I'm bound to my throne. As much as I want you by my side.....I can't risk you being pulled into my world. I will not ask it of you John."
John took pity on his children and lifted the box up "Here. Grab it from underneath and not from the sides that way it'll be much easier."
John smiled and held the note up to his lips hoping it wouldn't be too long before he saw Sherlock again.
Sherlock and John looked at each other once again and a rush of love washed over both of them. They kissed as they held their baby together "I love you." Sherlock said.
Greg could hear Mycroft smile through the phone "If you weren't determined to keep us a secret we could call each other anytime to exchange pleasantries."
Judge Peterson opened the door. He was in his robe and pyjamas and tied his robe a little tighter as he let the couple in. "What can I do for you Sherlock?"
As John was looking out and coughing how many cameras there were he felt a hand on his shoulder. "I've always hated these sort of things."
Sherlock stopped in front of a shop that contained baby clothes and they both walked in "I really like the name Alice or Marie for a girl. John like the name Wendy but I think it sounds too old for a girl."
Sherlock looked at John "Point taken." Sherlock then looked at his watch. "Speaking of my ten children I best be going."
"I care enough to try to keep you. I had this big row with my parents this morning and on my walk over here I realise I cause more harm then I do good. Everyone would be better off without me for awhile and maybe we'll all be able to clear our heads."
Sherlock then noticed John's cheek. He immediately stood up and grabbed his face. "Mother." He said quietly. "I apologise for that. Are you okay?"
Violet nodded "Good. Go wash up for dinner darling. We have a meeting with the Prime Minister tonight."
Charlotte spent time with her family and played with her son. The old Charlotte was back for just a little while.
John was taking in the new room when Siger spoke up "I'm sorry about my mate. She's just very protective of Sherlock and well he doesn't bring Alphas around at all. Violet is just very passionate about our baby boy even more so with her being an Alpha. I'm sure once you become a Father you'll understand."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes "Don't be stupid. John is just.....overloaded with work. It's just how he is." Sherlock then headed to his room then closed the door behind him.
So many angry words and broken promises have passed between us and I almost thought that you coming to London to celebrate my birthday would be a stretch too far but seeing that you're here proves to me that you still want us.
"No. I'm studying Chemistry with a minor in criminal science but deterioration of the body after death is always a useful tool to have. I go to St. Barts about once a week to look at cadavers and preform different experiments on dead bodies to see the effects. I also help my brother-in-law who works at Scotland Yard with various cases."
Sherlock nodded "Yes, just so later when the news does come out and they ask me who the father is I can at least give them an idea of who you are."
Greg through up his hands in frustration "For a genius you are utterly thick! You still love him you moron!"
Sherlock rolled his eyes "Yes but you did not know my last name and if seems like the country is still obsessed with my personal life so now you know about who I am I just thought I'd make it official."
Sherlock kissed the top of his head "You'll be fine John. I'll tell you everything there is to know about it. I will make sure you're prepared for the banquet that will happen afterwards."
Charlotte smiled at the sight of her son in her Dad's arms. "Hello Tristan." She held out her arms for the small boy.
Sherlock smiled and kissed John again. "I'm glad you agree to the terms because now I can give you your present." He grabbed the picnic basket and pulled out a white box with a green ribbon on it. "I called your mother and had her do me a favour. If they are not up to your standard I won't be offended and I packed some sandwiches just in case."
"Well it was just like old times and I couldn't help it. Also there's one more thing." John braced himself for what he knew was going to be the biggest shock of all.
John sighed. This was getting pointless. Sherlock surely had better things to do then spend time with some low class Omega. John went to go grab his bag and leave when he heard the theatre doors open.
Sherlock took John's hand. "I can forgive you John if you can forgive me for all the lies and deceit."
It's not all bad though, I still get to sleep next to you at night (when you're home at least), you try to include me in as much as possible. The problem is your book has you touring all over Europe and I can't drop my work.
John smiled and gave a gentle kiss to the top of Christopher head. He then grabbed Sherlocks free hand and and took a deep breath. "Ready when you are."
Violet being the traditional and timid Omega that she was held her hand out to silence her Alpha and her son "Sherlock darling you have to understand, you have responsibility to this country. You can't act like a child forever."
Sherlock's parents followed his eye line and his Mother's cheery face suddenly became cold and harsh. "Who is this?" She said.
After a little reading Tristan easily dozed off and he placed him in the cradle that was in the living room.
Sherlock walked up to the restaurant with Archimedes on his hip and Killian holding his hand. Waylon and Lucretia were in their pirate outfits, which they refused to take off for about a week. Luckily Sherlock got to at least wash the before they came here tonight. Sabian was wearing a suit that was almost identical to Sherlock’s with a dark blue shirt underneath. Edelweiss and Valentina wore matching red dress covered in velvet roses. Since it was close to Archimedes bed time Sherlock dressed him in ducky footsie pyjamas since he knew the infant would get fussy if he was in anything more uncomfortable and Killian wore shorts and a football jersey curtesy of Lestrade.
John held Sherlock in his arms and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John as well "It's going to be okay. Come on, you're the strongest person I know. Just a few pushes and our baby will be here. But we need you to push."
Siger glared back at his son "I cut you off financially and put you in a rehabilitation Center until you say yes."
Cynthia hit her husbands arms after bringing up the baby but his words made John wince. That was still a sore spot.
Dinner went surprisingly smoothly. Not many people questioned John but it was a novelty to see Sherlock bring someone to dinner much less an Alpha.
John grabbed his backpack and script then they both headed outside and John locked the door. They both looked at each other for a brief moment before Greg pulled up with a car.
Luckily before he could say anything there was a knock on the door "I'll get it." John said thankful that there was a saving grace to get him out of this conversation.
Sherlock pulled him down harder until he was nose-to-nose with him "DON'T tell my Mother yet! AAAHHH!" He threw himself onto his back and started to slightly push his hips up to relieve the pressure.
Sherlock usually would insult such a stupid response but for both their sakes he lets it go. "Thank you. It's yours."
"Thank you sir." John said then hung up the phone. He took a deep breath and headed through the door of Sherlocks room. "Hey." He said gently.
David turned to her. "I've supported you this past year. Just please....for once support me. I promise I'll come back. I have Tristan to come back to. Please understand that I have to do this."
John sighed "I'm sorry about everything. I know I may not deserve it but...marry me again? But this time lets do it right."
Violet rolled her eyes "Financially stable with our help! If it wasn't for Sherlocks trust fund they would be living in a box somewhere!"
Mike and Andrew walked in and set John on the couch. Mike walked back out "He had fun and that's what I promised."
John was putting on some loose track shorts and shoes to go play rugby with his mates. Mike pushed his head forwards playfully and John swatted it away with a smile on his face.
Violet nodded and kissed her son's cheek as her handed over Sherlock to John and then took her seat.
But....no buts! He had to think about his future on the throne, the people, what was expected of him. Wouldn't it be nice though to have someone to share the experience with? A kind, loyal, smart someone?
His guards weren't by his side like Greg was though they were mostly in the shadows making sure the fellow students kept the taking pictures to none.
Caked furrowed his brows which reminded John so much of his departed omega wife. "Am I going to have to live there?"
Oliver shook his head "No we won't!" He then banged the side to alert the drivers "We need to stop! This ambulance will be too shaky to deliver this baby!" He yelled at the drivers.
John just stared back at Sherlock giving no sign of confirmation in understanding what he had said. Sherlock took a sad breath and kissed John's temple and walked out the door.
Sherlock looked down "I know you just be very angry with me, but know I respect your son. We kept our relationship secret to avoid the press. I did it to protect him. If I could please just have a few moments with John."
Mike interjected "Yeah but it won't be the same will it? You'll be changing nappies and having to get a real job. Having to work to support a family and bills. No more pub nights, no more fun. Just you, Sherlock, and the kid."
"For the last time Sherlock you are not the victim here. You are the crowned prince of England and the next Alpha in this family, it's time you start acting like it."
The car trip to the palace seemed to take forever. He was told there would be a private room to get ready in for the announcement.
John pulled his hands away from Sherlock. Sherlock was leaving him. He honestly knew it would eventually happen but to have it happen so soon....that's what hurt the most. "So I guess that's it then....for us I mean..."
His fear be damned, he was going to give it one last go and if after John poured his heart out Sherlock still did not want him at least he could say he tried.
John walked up to the bed and dragged his hand on the baby's back. "He's completely knackered isn't he?"
Sherlock and John stumbled into their hotel room. They would be staying here for the duration of Sherlocks heat that would last about three days.
Zachary lifted his tea cup up to his mouth. "Well John knows better then that. Being one of the seniors in the company I send other people to do that. On top of that my hip doesn't let me travel far."
Turns out the small get together that it sounded like it was going to be turned out to be a huge party. The girls at the ballet company were older then Charlotte and were drinking and making out with the boys.
Tristan walked up to his mum and put his little head on her shoulder as Charlitte started shedding tears of sorrow and hopefulness.
Sherlock was tired of having this argument with Greg "-it was the right thing to do! We couldn't bloody well stay married for the rest of our lives!"
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but didn't want to be rude and call out her unwanted display. "Hello ma'am. You can just call me Sherlock."
Charlotte took a deep breath. "My name is Charlotte Lily Watson-Holmes. I am 16 years old and I will be preforming the solo piece from the musical Little Dancer titled In Between."
Finally it was time for the solo auditions. Each girl was called in and the other girls would wish her a good luck as they went in. None of the girls that went in ever came out the door due to the fact the judges would have them go out the other side. Who knows how many spots they had left?
John couldn't believe his ears. His family meant the world to him but to give up Sherlock? His heart was breaking at the thought. His Da seemed serious though and this was one choice that he knew no matter what would leave his heart in a million pieces. He wanted nothing more than his family there by his side forever but in the moment it was clear what he had to do. He stepped forward and kissed his Fathers cheek. "I'm sorry Da..." he said almost inaudibly.
"State your name, age, and what you will be performing for us." A young woman who was looking down at papers said.
Sherlock then draped himself over John and whispered "I love you John." Before he closed his eyes, exhausted by their activity.
Caleb rubbed his eyes in tiredness as it was almost his nap time "S-kay" he said sleepily and put his head on his Dad's shoulder.
Mike nodded and looked at his watch "Well I better let you get set up for your class and I better start getting prepared for mine." Mike turned and walked towards the door "See you at lunch?"
Like the other day I was in a sandwich shop and this beautiful pair of breasts walked in and she smiled at me.
John thinks he feels his heart stop. He thinks he might get what Sherlock is hinting at but against all better judgement it's better to play ignorant he feels. "Pregnant? Wow....congratulations I guess....."
John went through the door and looked up at the many stairs they were expected to climb. He followed Sherlock all the way to the top once again watching as Sherlock picked the lock.
Sherlock shifted in his seat a little bit "Actually, this is me telling you that there might be a chance I may not come back at all...."
John pushed her hand away in slight annoyance. "No. I'm just...." John got quiet for a bit. He wanted to talk to somebody which he always went to his Da but for some reason he didn't feel like he would be the best person to talk to about his relationship. As much as it pained him his Mum would have to do. "Did you and Da ever disagree on something? I don't mean a small something like what to make for dinner but a big something, possibly a life changing something?"
Captain Watson. Such a funny title but John was proud of his military accomplishments. He rose through the ranks quickly and was even the most sought out army doctor in all of Europe. With all his accomplishments career wise, he always felt his greatest accomplishments were his eight children, which consisted of five Alpha boys and three Omega girls, and were at the moment once again moving into a new house after his latest transfer.
He was able to carry on and eat a piece of toast then the pain happened again, 45 minutes since the last. He took a deep breath. This was now more then possibly very early labour. If this was the case he had hours before the baby would come. He could do his last day at Scotland Yard and if labour was what was happening now at least he'd be going out with a bang. He had time.
John was running around serving beer and chips to every table. Every once in awhile a wayward Alpha or Beta would pinch his arse or holler something blush-worthy but he learned early on in this job that if you ignored them they would get bored and move on to their next victim.
John slowly pushed himself into the velvety heat and both groaned together. When he was all the way in he began to slowly thrust.
Sorry this post has taken so long and it's short. Once the holidays pass I hope to go back to posting almost every day again. Thanks for reading if you're still there!
"Can't say I blame you. Not a city man myself  but just a few short months then you'll graduate and go back home."
Darius shrugged his shoulders “I think as long as Mum is happy we should support him. I mean….it’s kind of what we wanted.” He then looked in Persephone’s direction “Isn’t it?”
Siger began. "I know all of you are wondering why I have brought you here today. The next words I will say are with great joy and great sadness. I am ever humble to be at England's service and had treasured every moment governing and working alongside my fellow men to provide you with the nation you deserve. It is with a heavy heart that I now inform you that I will be stepping down from the throne." Whispers were heard all around from the news crews.
Mike let John crash at their old dorm room that night. John knew he should go on hands and knees and apologise to Sherlock but decided to let each of them cool down from their fight.
Sherlock bows his head. "I can see that you are busy so I'm going to leave. Good day John." He pushes pass the set of boys and practically runs down the hall.
"Deal." Persephone said with a smile. She got up from her chair and came around to her Mothers side and kissed his cheek. "You'll thank me for this. Trust me."
"I'm coming." A man said grouchily behind the door. "It's late for Christ-" the door opened and the old man saw the young couple "Sherlock?"
Sherlock gives out a long breath. "Before you worry yourself further I'm also here to tell you I don't need or want anything from you. Apparently social protocol dictates that I inform you that I'm carrying your child and that I plan to keep it. Call it a kind gesture."
The omega looked even more annoyed then John thought possible. "Does it look like anyone is sitting here? For a young Alpha training to be in the medical field and top of his class at that to ask such a stupid question, God help the poor soul who finds themselves under your care."
Alvin was a quiet man and much older than John anticipated. He looked like he should have retired a few years earlier and it seemed like a strong wind would have brought him down. John thought that maybe Sherlock was getting back at him for being so unmoving with his want for only one guard but even Mycroft was surprised that Sherlock was willing to give up Alvin from his own security.
John never had seen Sherlock so angry that he seemed to be shaking. John looked at the papers headline:
At hearing his fathers voice Sherlock gets off the couch as gracefully as he can and stands next to John at the door. "Father? What are you doing here?"
John looked down it seemed he had no choice. "Fine....I'll go find an anger management counsellor and I'll go back to therapy."
"No. Just my brother-in-law. When I thought I may be pregnant he took me to buy the test and I didn't want to find out alone so he stayed with me."
Sherlock sat on the side of the stadium on the universities campus where the graduation was being held. John said his parents were not going to attend due to his fathers hip and Sherlocks family all sent their excuses.
When the music concluded and Charlotte took her bow. There was no applause, there wasn't even any smiles. The head instructor got out of his chair and stood in front of Charlotte. She was sure he'd be able to hear her heart pounding.
The orders fell on deaf ears and soon even the tight grip that they had of each other's hands wasn't strong enough. John was quickly pushed into the car and was quickly driven out of Sherlock sight.
John smiled brightly but quickly leaned in to the speaker to whisper something in his ear. The speaker nodded and went back to the mic "I apologise, John Hamish Watson-Holmes."
"We decided that we'll have a dinner altogether before the bonding ceremony in two weeks." Sherlock said.
Once Sherlock knocked on the door it was immediately opened by John who greeted him with a smile. "I was waiting for you to do that. I've been watching you through the peephole for the past ten minutes."
"Yes I think that's wise." Sherlock said opening the text book. They started on it then they would get distracted by snogging so eventually they called it a day.
You remained oblivious to what was really going on between us and I couldn't rescue us by myself, no matter how hard I want to try.
Bruce put an arm on Johns shoulder "My boy's got a good head and if any of them Alphas get any where near you, you come and find me." He gave his son a wink.
Looking around John felt terribly under dressed. The women were in cocktail dresses white the men wore suits. You could tell it was a less casual affair by the lack of ties on the men and no one was really overdressed but still, showing up in jeans and trainers seemed like the worst idea.
