Peter had to be Bucky's favorite, though. He was happy, and smiling, and liked to call Bucky ‘Uncle Buck’. It made Bucky feel like he was part of a family again, something that he didn't remembering apart of since… Well, he couldn't remember. They played video games together, walked around New York with the boys weird alien dog bull pet thing, or just talked. Peter even told him about how he wanted Steve to be his second dad, and Bucky made a joke about how Peter could call Steve Pops.
"Miracle…" A smile spread across Steve's face. "Yes… It's a miracle… He's safe. They're all safe…"
“Yeah, Tones. Is it a promise ring, a present ring, or-”
“Be gentle,” Tony said, jokingly. “This is my first time. I designed this to come off, so… Ow! Hey!”
“Yeah?” he yawned, turning to blinkind at the coffee table. There was a cold bowl of soup there, a layer of film forming over the top from sitting out so long. How long had he been out? “What about it?”
and had
“Just stick to the cards,” Rhodey said, leaning to whisper in his ear.
She moved fast, biting her lip as she reached into the basket, pulling out the baby. He continued to cry, wriggling within the blanket. Pepper immediately started to unwrap it, leaving the babe in a little blue onesie. Freed arms went to wrap around Pepper’s neck, crying wildly as she swayed. It was then that Pepper noticed the letter at the bottom of the basket.
“You have a lot of nerve showing up here tonight,” Cristine hissed at him, making Peter squint. “Can I at least get a reaction from you?”
“You're buttering me up Tony,” Pepper said, voice cross and waiting. “That means you did something or you're about to. Do I need to call PR for clean up again?”
“Potts?” he whispered.
“Calling up Miss Potts, sir.”
“Yesterday.”
“If I had, you would have stopped me. Look, I gotta go. Need to get Peter home.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm coming with you. Weather you like it or not."
It was then that he heard a voice from down below.
Also, if you haven't read the comment by my friend BatmanFanGirl96 in the last chapter, go back and read it. She's been raving about writing it forever, and it will make more sense if you read it before reading this chapter. Anyway, hope you like this chapter!
“Yes,” Tony said in an instant, because Pepper made everything better. “No,” he said quickly after, because he didn't want to see Pepper’s disappointed face. “God, I don't know!” was his final reply because he really didn't know!
“Don’t worry, Petey!” Wade called as he came rushing to him. “I got you!”
“Two weeks?” Even with his eyes closed, Tony could tell that she was crying. “But Tony… That’s… It’s going to fast! At this rate, you’ll-”
Peter went wide eyed, holding the plush close to his body. “Really? Cap’n ‘merica is my favorite superhero!”
“I want to go home,” Wade said, leaving no room for discussion as he headed for the door. “You can drive me.”
“Hey Peter,” Bucky said, eyes narrowed. “Did I ever tell you about this tiny ass punk that never quit, and how he thought fondue meant-”
“We should throw Cap a surprise party,” Clint said as he walked into Tony's shop without asking, just a few days before the Fourth of July.
STARK: I’m not a joiner, but I’ll consider Secretary of Defense, if you ask nice
Steve hummed as he sat at the table for breakfast. It was a nice spring morning, and even though Bucky had been gone for three months, he was feeling pretty good. A little lonely, but good. And, honestly, could he be blamed for being just a little lonely? While he and Tony loved each other, he did like going outside and getting exercise. Tony couldn’t keep up with him, getting on in years, already in his forties, and Peter, as energetic as he was, was only human and had school to worry about. Without Thor gone, and now Bucky, there weren’t any Avengers that got up early enough for him to exercise with.
"Hey," Tony said as he came down from the lab, making many look up at him. He was only looking at Steve, though. "Any luck with tall, purple, and crazy?"
Instead, Steve turned and let his eyes land on Tony. He wanted to know, to see, that the other man was okay. Because if Tony lived, if Tony made it out of this, then Steve would be okay with whatever happened to him. If Tony was okay, able to return home and be the wonderful father he was, and that Steve could probably never be, then he knew everything would be okay.
He sat with a sigh in the living room, where much of the team was waiting. Coulson’s team, surprisingly, was very good at what their job of keeping the city under control, and it left the Avengers and allies with little else to do. Mostly, they just sat around or trained. Carol Danvers was clearly not comfortable with just sitting around, and spent most of the time either beating up bags in the gym or doing random menial tasks.
“I did,” Tony said, though his confusion made it sound more like a question. “I mean, you're all here. At the same time.”
Tony did more testing after that, over the next week or so. Peter continued his routines, now adjusted for lessons and reading to take place in the sectioned off area of the lab. Friday was mainly in charge of Peter, for that time, though Tony made sure to keep an eye on him even as he was testing out the suit.
Sooo I added a lot more tags. Usually, I don't like releasing the tags all at once, for people who are reading and keeping up with the chapters as they're posted so things can be a surprise (if I, say, was planning to kill off someone like Peter and had 'Major character death' and 'child death' or 'child suicide' in the tags, it wouldn't be a surprise), but it's been drawn to my attention that some people might not like the main pairings I have set up for this fic. And that's okay, but those that don't need to respect that this is they way I chose to do it, and if you don't like it, don't read it. But the first two chapters can be read alone without problems, if you just want to read about Tony and Peter.
“You forgot,” Steve said simply, voice sounding just as sad and fuck did it mess with Tony's head.
And the thing about that, Steve found, as he stared into Tony's warm and intelligent brown eyes, was that he had. After their fight, so long ago, all he had wanted to do was punch something, everything, himself. He had messed up everything that had brought him joy that day. He'd hurt Tony, hurt Peter… He had betrayed them, and after leaving for Wakanda with Bucky, he had thought that he would never get a chance to see them, ever again. So yeah, he probably would have done the same if Tony had fallen with the others. Well, maybe not the exact same, but he would have at least killed Thanos on that mountain side, instead of take him prisoner.
Scraps of armor, an entire Chitauri Leviathan, even a few sky glider things. Tony couldn’t even begin to guess as to how they moved all the small stuff, much less the giant alien worm. It was insane. He had set up the cleaning group to keep people from getting this stuff, yet here it was…
“I’m not,” he assured. “Why don’t you sleep with me tonight, okay?”
When the night was over and done, and Peter had fallen asleep, Wade walked with Tony down to the lab. It had been such an eventful day already, and Wade felt like his head was swimming.
When they were all settled in, Mrs. Warren sat them all down in a circle.
What he did mind was that Tony had asked him to
Once the containment unit was done? No, because Steve would be busy trying to bring Barnes out of the Soldier. Maybe when Barnes was less volitional? Not a chance, because they'd have no idea when that would be. God, dating was so confusing!
“You’re about to make a whole lot of people around her real happy,” he said with a smile. “‘Cause that little stunt at the press conference, that was a doozy.”
He wasn’t sure how long he had been in space, but it had to have been a while now. His food and water had run out, and while he couldn’t find an actual fuel gage, he was sure that he was running out of that too. And at the rate he was going… Well, Tony wasn’t liking his chances of getting back to Earth.
“Yeah?” Peter asked. “You know I’m not really interested in dating.”
He had been out as Spiderman, listening to Friday for any criminal activity, when the entire city had basically gone silent. Not literally, of course, but figuratively. There weren’t any muggers, thieves, or any other kind of baddy out right now, so he got to chill out on a roof. He’d been thinking about getting a late snack, to eat while he watched the stars, but he didn’t have any cash on him unless he wanted to go home first.
Tony cleared his throat, looking rather rumples and adorable, and waved awkwardly to the basket. “You- uh, eat?”
“That would have been so much easier,” Ned groaned. “I thought you lived in Queens. Why are we going into Manhattan?”
Steve reached out, cupping the back of Tony’s neck as he bent down to press their lips together. It was the third time they'd kissed, but it felt like the first. The spark was there, bursting to life anew, though Steve's had never died. It only grew stronger and stronger as he held Tony close, their lips moving together and Steve felt like his heart would burst out of his chest.
“Hey, Tony,” they said, and Holy shit that was…
“Come on,” Peter said. “Let's get back to home before Pops comes looking for up.”
“Coming Peter,” Tony called back, sliding the papers back into the envelope and tossing them on his desk. Pepper looked at him disapprovingly. “What? I have to say goodbye to Barnes. I’ll look at it later.”
“Tony,” Obie called behind him, making him pause as he put Peter in the car. “Just lay low for a little while.”
Peter looked up, as if he blinked then Tony would be gone again. He nodded, almost shyly. Tony grinned, hugging Peter tight to him. They ended up going through a Burger King, and Tony made sure Peter got a kids meal. One with a burger, and one with chicken nuggets, once he found out Peter barely ate while he was gone. So maybe Peter wasn’t heavy… Maybe he was light. Tony didn’t want to risk it.
“It’s six eighteen, Baby Boss” Friday said cheerily. “Its supposed to be hot today, like the old bot said.”
If everything worked out, there would be time for more later.
“Deadpool. Come one. We have to take you in.”
“Pepper,” Tony said, trying to sound as bright and cheerful as possible when she answered. “Pep, darling, godmother of my child-”
Instantly, everyone jumped to their feet, asking questions and trying to get him to answer. He ignored them all, in favor of scooping up his son, who was grinning from ear to ear. They left quickly after that, Rhodey ushering them out to keep himself from ‘killing Tony himself’. Then, when they were finally out, and in their car, Tony grinned at Peter in the back seat.
“Shit.” Wade breaths, eyes wide. “Shit shit shit!”
“I know,” Steve sighed. “But it just slipped out. And no, Buck. You don’t need to come out.”
"Oh," she said, eyes darting up from where she'd been staring down at a computer from behind a cluttered desk, hands still typing away. "You're here already?"
Tony shuddered in excited anticipation. “Sounds perfect.”
XxXXxX
“Hey!” the bald man called back. “Take it slow, all right?”
Steve scowled, going to the rubble to do his best to push the aircrafts around, find one that was still intact. He had no such luck, finding only bent metal and shattered glass. If they couldn’t get  to New York by plane, then they would have to do it the old fashion way…
“That’s long,” Peter chirped, as he got his olive cup.
When Tony came to, he was surrounded by white.
He and Ned bonded over their love for Star Wars and Minecraft. Peter had convinced his dad once or twice to help him develop mods that they routinely updated to run on newer models of the game and actually helped the game run a little faster. Turns out that Ned actually downloaded and loved their ‘Avengers Tower’ mod that came with a seed where they had built a replica of the Tower, though the floors were empty, along with added each Avengers gear. They had officially added Falcon and the Winter Soldier just a few weeks ago.
Once everything was moved, Steve and Bucky had plopped down on the penthouse couch, and had knocked out. Tony and Peter would be gone for a few hours, getting it set up for Peter to join some kind of science camp when school let out in a month. They couldn't have been asleep for more then an hour when suddenly Steve was jerked awake as Bucky was jerking violently in his sleep.
Just as Steve had thought, Tony hadn’t added any of those that took his side in their civil war, such a silly argument now that he thought about it. None of Natasha’s codes worked, and since Thor and Bruce had been gone so long, their codes didn’t work either. It was likely that nothing would change until Rhodes returned from Wakanda.
“Sir drank a portion of a smoothie three hours ago-”
So he turned the tape over, breath shaking as he hit the record button again.
Tony huffed, dropping onto the couch beside Steve. "Nope. Can't find a single stone. But if what Thanos said is true, then it makes sense. The mad grape probably used the reality stone to hide the others. We won't be able to do much until Wade comes back."
“Dad.”
“‘Dear Mr. Stark, I understand that you aren't the father type-” Pepper scoffed at that, “-but I'm eighteen, with no parents, siblings, or family to speak of. The baby is yours, as you were the only one I'd had sex with since my first time at 16. I know what I'm asking is a lot, but I hope that you will take care of him. I named him Peter.
After the events of the Civil War, everyone is picking up the pieces.
Pulling on the suit, Peter made his way out to search for Connors.
Tony laughed with him, grinning as he wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders. Everything just felt so right in this moment. Sure, the Ultron experiment failed, but he had
She hung up, and Tony could hear her as she came down the stairs. She stared at him through the glass at the entrance, and he grinned a little. The new, even brighter arc reactor sat in his hands.
For a moment, there was silence on the other end of the line. He wondered if maybe he could snatch the words back, make it so he never said them, but it was to late. The words were out there, and he couldn't take them back. Not anymore.
Suddenly, Thor crashed through the ceiling, slamming his hammer down on the cradle. Strings of lightning flew all around the room, and Tony had to duck to avoid getting hit. When he stood, and the dust had settled, a man stood before them. Or, rather, a organic robot stood before them. He looked around, seemed to shake his head, then turned to Thor.
XxXXxX
Good God! This chapter took forever! I'm not even sure how I managed to get it done! I was almost tempted to cleave it in half, but... no. No, I had to make if FORTY-FIVE freaking pages and over 20,000 words! Good luck...
Taking a deep breath, Peter decided that maybe he’d take that shower now.
"It's not. Tony, why? Why did you do it? I would have healed. The serum would have healed me!"
They went inside, people muttering around them as they do so. Once they were in the conference hall, reporters went crazy, shouting questions. Obie went to stand behind the podium, but Tony went and as on the floor in front of it, Peter on his knee.
It was great, lots of fun. There was cake and presents, and lots of pictures taken. Peter wouldn't have changed it for all the world.
In that moment, Tony felt his heart lurch, his stomach roll and clench at the same time. His first thought had been ‘Oh God’ and the second was ‘Pepper told me so’. And, of course, his third was ‘Pepper can never know’. She'd never trust him again!
So...
“It’s not really Harry,” Peter said as he came to a stop in front of the private, back door of the Tower. “It’s more of his dad.”
“Dad!” Peter called. “Bucky and Darcy are about to leave! Come on, we’re supposed to say goodbye!”
And with that, she left. Tony went back to work, fixing up the suit as he waited for Pepper to come back. He ordered pizza, for dinner, and went up to eat with Peter until it was bath and bedtime. The kid slept pretty easy now, and after some work, Tony had moved Peter’s room closer to his. With only a wall between them no, and a night light that Tony had built to give the exact same glow as the arc reactor, Peter could sleep in his own bed, most nights.
And he did wake up, but his eyes were wide, breathing erratic. His eyes darted back and forth, one hand fisting Steve's shirt at the shoulder. Steve kept him up for a bit, letting him breath.
Weasel quickly picked up the phone, opening it up to show a text from a contact labeled Petey Boy. “Here, it’s Peter. No, wait. It’s Francis.”
But then again, why would he? It’s not like Tony ever felt the need to share important things before. It’s not like they were getting married.
"You lied to me!" Wade bellowed to the sky. "You bitch! You lied to me, you stupid wolf! You said no one else had to die!"
Steve cleared his throat, and Tony watched as his ears turned pink. “Did you… like it? When I kissed you?”
“I just don’t get it,” Pops was saying as Peter peered around the hallway corner to find him sitting at the table with Bucky. “Every time Deadpool shows up, Tony just says to trust him, even right after the man has killed someone. Do you think… Do you think Tony’s hiding something from me?”
“That’s fine,” Tony said as he pulled the sleepy boy up into his arms. “He can take one in the morning.”
Steve let his face soften, watching the way Tony’s face crinkled here and there when he smiled or laughed. Tony may be nearly fifteen years older then Steve, but that was only a technicality. And it didn’t matter to Steve, since to him, Tony was the most stunning man he’d ever laid eyes on, with such rich brown eyes, like the coffee that Tony drank every day, and a sparkle that just barely hinted at how mischievous Tony could be.
“Tony’s got to have his reasons. Besides, outing someone’s secret identity without permission is kinda a dick move, you know, Stevie?”
“It's alright if you don't know,” Mrs. Warren reassured. “Just do your best. What we're going to do is spell out first names, as best we can, using elements from the periodic table. If you need help I can help you. Why don't I go first?” She cleared her throat, and started to list. “Magnesium, Oxygen, Nickel, Iodine, Carbon, Argon. Monica. If you have a nickname you prefer, you can use that. So who wants to go first?”
Oliver was just barely 21, just starting a trip of his own when they’d past each other in Virginia. He was a skateboarder, just out on a tour to check out different skate parks, and had taught Steve how to skateboard. But what struck with Steve the most was that Oliver was gay, told Steve about his fiance back in New York. He’d been the one to convince Steve to stop pussy footing around and just ask Tony out. True, Steve had been planning to do it differently then he just had, but he had done it.
“This is how it's going to be, Pepper,” Tony snapped, then turned, guilty, to go back to his workshop. “Jarvis will take care of everything else.”
“I actually almost bought it, hook line and sinker.”
Instead, he started to cry. Tears spilled from his eyes, and he could hear Steve’s voice in his ears as a buzzing noise. Tony was going to die, and he couldn’t even tell Steve what he really meant to him. How Tony valued his approval, but not enough that he obsessed over it, or how Tony loved to see him laugh. He couldn’t tell Steve how he wanted nothing more then to Steve smile at him, just once, before he went.
Steve was starting to panic, barely managing to recognize Clint coming up beside him. He grabbed at his shoulders, pulling him back, even as he tried to keep his hands on Tony's face.
Tony grinned, hitting Obadiah’s helmet, and letting the man fall. He stayed there, watching, as he hovered. He’d done it. He’d actually done it. Stane would be finished after a fall like that, and Tony hadn’t died!
away, as she held the notebook out to Wade.
Taking a step forward, Thor began to lift his axe, only for Wilson to suddenly turn.
"Four," Bruce sighed. "Four Stones. He only needs two more."
“We’ll make it out,” Tony said, closing his hand the ring. He used his other hand to reach forward and cup Steve’s face, gently leaning forward to press a kiss to his lips. “We’ll make it out, and we’ll talk.”
Bucky, who had his arm removed so the others present could feel comfortable, nodded in approval. “About time.”
Then Steve got roped into helping train some of the new recruits for Coulson’s little team. A new girl named Skye, who wanted to move from being team hacker to field agent. Steve couldn't really blame her…
“No fighting, Tony groaned, still holding a wriggling Peter and very much wanting coffee. “If you two are gonna fight, do it where I can’t hear you.”
“Don’t worry,” Wade said, voice strained as he dangled from the bar he was holding on to. “I am totally on top of this!” And then he saw something behind Peter, the eyes of the suit going comically wide. “Oh, fuck!” And then, with a hard pull, sent the container flying, Peter screaming inside.
His mouth feeling dry, Peter reached for the bowl, only for a sound like rushing water to fill his ears, his eyes narrowing down to near pinpoints of darkness. Opening his mouth in a cry that even his own ears couldn’t hear, he fell off the couch, landing so hard the air was knocked from his lungs and he was knocked into blissful unconsciousness.
“Uh…” Peter blinked, watching as the man came over and started furiously shaking his hand. “Thanks? But… who are you?”
“No,” Tony said again. “There are two things I want to do. I want an American cheeseburger, and the other-”
“I love you so much, Tony. I love you, and I love Peter, and I want to be your husband and Peter’s father. I can’t imagine my life without either of you anymore, so please-” Steve dropped to one knee, holding the ring up between his fingers for Tony to see. “Marry me.”
He turned, ready to leave. If he was smart, he’d tell Tony about this guy, and get him taken down. But he’d probably forget about it later. The guy was creepy, sure, but not that memorable. He’d just poof out of Wade’s mind in a few hours.
“Just…” She swallowed, and stood. “Just hold on. I’m going to get a nurse.”
XxXXxX
“That’s Deadpool,” Peter mused, rolling his eyes. “He does things without thinking them through because of his healing-factor.”
At his confused cry, the baby started to cry himself. Or… herself. God, Tony didn’t even know this kids gender. Or, if it was even his! He tried to make shushing noises, trying to get it to stop crying. The noise only made it worse.
“Yeah… But how did…?”
“You’re alive,” Tony gasped, chest tight. “Oh, thank god, you’re alive!”
“Hey! I never said that!”
“Wade,” Peter breathed, his chest tightening with rolling emotions. What could he say? What could he possibly say to the man that had been gone for two years, but had unwittingly been at his side for a year anyway?
And with that, Friday went silent as she refocused on his Dad. He didn’t mind, though, and just went down to work in his mini lab, doing tests on the strange goop. He also took scans of his body, to see if anything else changed. There was, oddly, a small sack of time kind in his arms, just where the goop had come out of his wrists, and of course the small spider like hairs on his arms and feel. For whatever reason, his weight had also gone up. Not into overweight range, but into a more stable weight then his somewhat undersized one. And from what he could see, it was because his muscle mass had been raised quite a bit.
“What’s wrong?” she asked frantically.
“That’s only if you can catch me!” Then, the man turned and tried to run. Steve snagged his arm by the elbow, turning to lead the way back to the tower. He heard Tony sigh, only for his husband to make a disgusted noise.
XxXXxX
He was… dealing. But he’d eventually be okay. Right?
“Are you still having the dreams?”
“Do it.”
“I can't leave you here,” Peter said quickly, wide eyed in surprise. Something was going on, something was wrong. Could it be that scientist she was talking about?
“I’m sure he’s fine,” Ned said, nudging Peter with his elbow. “Come on. You said it yourself. Wade’s a badass that likes to do badass things.”
He shifted his camera to his other hand, slowly so he didn’t disturbed the strange little arthropod, and held it up to take a picture. The angle was awkward, and it was difficult to see the screen, but he managed to press the button. With a click, the picture was taken, but the noise must have startled the spider, because it bit into the back of his hand. With a hiss, he shook his hand, sending it flying off somewhere.
XxXXxX
Rhodes, thankfully, didn’t argue. The man was off, going for the heart of the city, while Steve led the others towards the hangers. Already, he could see the devastation that Thanos’ plan had brought. Women screamed at small piles of dust on the ground, while men argued and were already fighting one another. Children wondered, crying and calling for parents who may never come.
“I’m only going to say this once,” Steve warned. “Shut it down.”
XxXXxX
“Sir,” Jarvis said over comms. “The city is taking fire.”
Wade narrowed his eyes, cocked the gun, and put it back. “Who gives a shit.”
He wanted to ask Tony right there, to pull the ring out of his pocket, where he kept it just to be safe, so he could ask whenever it just felt right. Now seemed like a good time… Pull it out, tell Tony just how much he loved him, and then slip the ring onto Tony’s finger. It just felt right, and he wanted to ask so badly, but… There was something else he needed to know before he could ask Tony to marry him.
“Sure,” Tony said, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “Anything for-” The guy I'm hopelessly in love with? The man who makes me all hot and bothered? The one I want to make Peter's second dad? “-a teammate.”
“Dad,” Peter’s voice breathed from behind him, and Tony whipped around to watch in absolute horror as his son walked on dragged feet as Chitauri Leviathans flew in swarms over head. “Dad,” Peter said again, as he fell, Tony rushing to his side. “Why didn’t you do more?”
"We lost T'Challa," Steve started. "Wanda and Peitro. Vision. We also lost Sam. Bucky to… We can't get ahold of Fury or anyone in SHIELD, so we're pretty sure they're gone. But Natasha and Rhodes survived. And Thor and Bruce are back. Wilson is out there somewhere, but he probably won't be much help. Head seems like it's been scrambled."
Tony sighed, looking over the cards as Pepper thanked Coulson. Peter looked at the cards, then at Tony, and made a sour face as he got up. Tony stood, still looking at cards, and let Pepper help him put on his jacket.
Several days later, when they staged their escape, Tony stood over Yensin’s dying body, and promised that he would make things right, with Stark Industries and with his son. He promised to never waste his life again. Then, he had to walk away. He walked out, torched everything, and flew off, leaving only a flaming and exploding crater behind.
Peter could hear his dad, knew that he was talking, but he didn’t register any of the words. With shaking hands, he reached into the box, moving things around as he looked at them. To most, it would look like just random junk. But to Peter? It was a box full of his best memories of Wade. A clip full of stubs from all the movies they’d gone to over the last year, along with a little case filled with old polaroids that Wade would take in the middle of anything they did. There was a little Voltron ring at the bottom, and Peter choked out a laugh, because Netflix just announced the new series, and Wade would have loved to watch it. There were other small things, but the two biggest were the skateboard, which Wade had always joked about giving to him once he mastered it, and the hoodie Peter always stole when they went on late night dates and Wade would walk him home after dinner at a dinner or a tiny restaurant.
“Fuck it,” Tony said, standing up. “I'm gonna do it!”
“So you have,” Cristine said, crossing her arms.
She moved to reach in, then quickly pulled back. “You know, I don’t think that I’m qualified to do this.”
“Thanks?” Tony asked dumbly. “For what?”
The night turned out great. Until it didn’t.
He didn’t really know what happened next, since he must have fallen asleep in the back seat. One second, he was sitting in the back seat, the next he was being gently shaken awake by Happy, who looked quite shocked. He said something that sounded like white noise to Peter, and led him inside and up to the penthouse. Happy laid him out on the couch, set a bowl of soup beside him and said something else before he left.
Tony, finding his son forever adorable and precious, pandered to his whim and picked him up. They grinned at each other, then at Pepper. She gave a long sigh.
She nodded. "Mmm hmm."
times in the past, and Steve didn't look at him any differently than he looked at anything else.
, I'm not gonna say who, but
Bruce and Steve brought up the rear, finally, and Barton called from the pilot's seat, "Hey, Cap, you might want to do a head count. You know, make sure we're all here — everyone that's supposed to be."
from an alternate universe. She'd said some strange things and referenced some strange things that just didn't make sense for how their world was set up. So, yeah, maybe she was under the impression that he was her 'papa,' but evidently her 'papa' and he were very similar in both appearance and personality.
was in the workshop with you." He glanced back at Bruce before he turned back to Tony. "You're not really falling for this, Tones, are you?"
"Just don't get any ideas that you can start appropriating other elements of modern culture."
Pepper blew out a breath and said, "Yeah, Stella's kind of—"
"Because this isn't my 'new identity.' This is… Look, it's hard to explain. It's impossible to explain. I wouldn't even know where to begin. Just— I am who I say I am, so just finish filling out the forms, sign whatever you have to, give us our license, and we'll be out of your hair. Trust me, Tony Stark is
"What—"
. It was someone else — someone…
noticeable. Tony, towels in hand, stopped short and let his gaze dart down to Steve's lap, and Steve watched as Tony tried very hard not to smile, biting his lips, and then sobered enough to meet Steve's gaze.
He brushed away some stubborn tears collecting at the corners of his eyes. "Yeah, sure, what?"
Steve shrugged a little and ran his fingers through Tony's hair. "I think in some way you'll always be my Antonia after this. Kind of like how you're still my Tony now."
He sighed out a breath and reached up with his other arm to complete the embrace, and he nestled his head so that his mouth was by Tony's ear and whispered, "I just hate that we didn't
"He didn't cry. He just stood there and nodded like he agreed with it. I thought it was what he wanted. He didn't fight me. He actually said,
— pull me up on all fours and maybe just make me hold the position for a while, my cock all hard and red and straining against the silk, and then after a while, you could—"
Steve dug into the pork friend rice, and he ate a few forkfuls before he said, "Sometimes, I think she knew."
"What? The white was bothering me."
— I mean what does that say about how they view women in general, for one thing? I can't help but look at women in awe now— Like, holy shit, the things they have to put up with! And I dare
"Yeah—
"That— That's not the
"A woman," he said with an exhale of breath.
Tony frowned some, and he hummed a little and considered the little blue piece of paper in his hand then said, "OK, but if we're actually serious about doing this, we're going to need
Remember? He'd spent so many years trying to forget.
"So," Sharon said, her lips twitching in an amused smile, "Steve had to
Steve shook his head. "No, he didn't. The Winter Soldier did. Bucky didn't."
"Not doing yourself any favors here explaining, Steve."
"Not you," Tony said and rolled his eyes. "Your child."
"Better selection of food?" Bruce said as Steve came into the kitchen, dressed and sweaty from his run and carrying a bag of fresh bagels. "Better company?"
"What do you mean bank card?" he asked as they strolled down the street, Tony on his arm like, well, like the way he'd always imagined having his best dame— broad— girl—
"Yeah, all right, fine. But my point is that we — all of us — can help him. Can help try to acclimate him. Can try to pull him back from the brink and get him some semblance of a life back. You're not Atlas, Steve. You don't have to take the entire world on your shoulders, no matter how much it feels like you do sometimes. No one's expecting you to 'save' Barnes alone. No one wants you to do it alone. And — again, you know how much I love you — in a way, I think Wilson might be able to help him a bit more than you. He's a counselor — he's a vet counselor. You want to talk a vet that's going to have some massive PTSD? I mean, outside of you? Because you took a seventy-year ice-nap and then you woke up and kicked ass against aliens and evil government agencies. You've always fought the good fight. He didn't. He has to reconcile being used as a pawn, as a weapon for seventy years, and having no control over any of those things that he did. The Winter Soldier made me an orphan, and I know I piss and moan about being turned into a woman and getting knocked up by a certain super soldier that shall remain nameless, but that is
Steve held up the bag from McDonald's. "Egg McMuffins, if you're interested."
Tony glanced down and saw the brat was looking up at the ceiling with a look of intrigue and irritation, and she pursed her small mouth and said, "I like Friday better. Papa, why can't it be Friday?"
"Are you embarrassing yourself, Steve? Do you need to hold your jacket in front of you? Or maybe you need me to walk in front of you?"
He shrugged. "Maybe a little. Nothing bad. There may have been a battle recently over who gets to be your, uh, experiment's godparents."
Before Tony could say anything to that, Steve said from behind him, "
Tony glanced up at him. "Let me put it this way: I know what to do with my daughter because I know firsthand what you're
Tony faked a gasp. "I said I'd be good!"
He got up from the bed and scanned the room. There was nothing overtly odd about it, which was maybe the odd thing about it. It was too perfect. It was a normal-looking bedroom if…well…there was something oddly futuristic about it, but Steve had seen enough of Hydra to know what they were capable of. Stark, too, but even Stark's technology wasn't quite on par with Hydra's. He went over to a window and looked out to find a residential street covered by a blanket of freshly- fallen snow. There were a couple of odd-looking vehicles — automobiles? — along the street along with houses swathed in garlands of pine and holly and lights. Lights. Who could afford more than one strand of Christmas lights? And why did the colors look so odd?
Then a visitor from another world had shown up and created some havoc, and Tony, who had been rejected from the Initiative anyway, as it turned out, but was asked to stay on as an advisor, was somehow pulled into the mess and found himself fighting alongside that group of rejects he'd previously wanted nothing to do with.
The term of endearment gave Rhodey pause, but only for a moment before he became even more resolute than before.
But Steve just shrugged and said, "Seen it already, plus, I think I'm allowed to look at whatever I want on my fiancé."
"In public?"
Tony just looked over at him, and Steve smiled a little stupidly and added, "Being Captain America's got to be good for something, right?"
"Uh, that's generally how it goes, isn't it?"
"He's been actin' real funny all day," a little childlike voice said. "It's 'cuz Daddy's gone 'way on a mission. He always gets funny when Daddy goes away."
"I mean it really would be good for learning new ways of using our powers and abilities," Bruce added because evidently there was something in the water these people were drinking.
Steve closed his eyes and swallowed, and Tony grinned again at the power he held in his hands. Steve could drive him crazy with lust no question, but Tony had a few tricks up his sleeve when it came to Steve. He'd only gotten himself off in this body a couple of times so far, but he was pretty sure he knew all the tricks of the trade — or at least the ones that were certain to satiate Steve's desire to watch him pleasure himself. Steve really wasn't all that picky when it came to that sort of stuff. He was easy to please in that regard. So long as he was assured that Tony was happy, he was happy.
As Tony relaxed against him, he looked out to the glittering city before them, and he said a little prayer of 'thanks' to the fates that had allowed him to meet this man, to marry this man, to have a family with this man.
Steve exhaled a light breath. "Thank you, Tony."
He began to sway on his feet until he felt strong arms scoop him up into an embrace, and he let himself be carried from the bathroom and back into the bedroom. Steve set him on the bed and helped him into a clean shirt and a pair of briefs then drew down the blankets and tucked Tony into them.
— Yes, Sir."
," she said after a moment. "Is that what you're trying to—?"
"Nothing," he said, his voice flat. "We kissed. We…touched…each other. Didn't go beyond that."
"No? So, you're saying that Steve Rogers would be totally cool with all that's gone on? Aliens. Your government trying to kill you. Marrying a dude that looks like a lady. Before you downed that plane, could you have imagined any of that shit? Would you have just shrugged it off as easily as you do now?"
Tony speared a sausage link and bit through half of it, and he chewed it then said, "I don't even understand how that waste of oxygen isn't still in a federal penitentiary," waving the fork with the remaining piece of sausage in the air as he did so. Steve watched the pattern — or lack thereof — of the fork then grabbed Tony's wrist and stilled it to pull the rest of the sausage off the fork with his teeth.
Rhodey rolled his eyes yet again, but it was a fond roll of the eyes. "Bye, Tones," he said and squeezed his shoulder before he headed out of the kitchen and over to the elevator.
—" He motioned over Tony's body as though to demonstrate what didn't need to be explained.
"But we love him," he added and kissed her head again, breathing in that soft baby scent, his entire being warming at the thought of his family.
He swallowed before he pushed the tip in, and though he wanted to watch Tony's face, he couldn't help but watch the way his cock slipped into that supple pink and slackened hole, watching as it disappeared in as he pushed all the way down to the hilt, Tony's hips hitching with Steve's every slow and measured move, and when Tony was fully seated on his cock, Tony swallowed and said, "Tell me, Steve. Tell me what you want to do to me."
"That was a cartoon, you moron," he muttered but typed back,
has. They don't make 'em like that anymore, babe. Hell,
"We're taking it one day at a time," Tony replied. "And can I say 'thank you' for not going with that one? Honestly, I think I'd take dead Aunt Millie's cake before some cutesy baby crap."
The casual and sporty look that he'd grown accustomed to the past two months had been thrown by the wayside. He looked…gorgeous. He choked out a laugh. He looked downright gorgeous, with a dress that hugged his figure, dark hair pulled back to show off his face, and a face that looked like it had come off the pages of a magazine — a fashion magazine, not something like
Steve signaled and pulled onto the shoulder, and once he'd gotten the car stopped, Tony fumbled with the door handle then jumped out and ran to the brush and vomited up everything he'd eaten in the last day. He retched so hard that he sank to his knees, using his hands for balance, the gravel of the side of the roadway digging into his palms, and before he knew it, there was a comforting hand on his shoulder and a soothing voice telling him it was OK and he'd be OK and—
Barton shook his head a little and went back to his cereal, digging his spoon in and pushing the pieces of marshmallow and toasted oat around in the bowl, and Tony continued, "Anyway, to be honest, I've met the guy in passing, like, a handful of times. And yeah, most of those times were back during my 'functional drunk' period, but I'm pretty sure I didn't do anything to bring shame upon the House of Stark as far as he was concerned."
"A couple." He shoved another forkful of food in his mouth and said around a mouthful of food, "We should do desert. I know this great place down on…Mulberry Street? Spring Street? No, wait—" He frowned and swallowed. "I don't know. It's somewhere down there. You like gelato? Absolutely fantastic. Cannoli? Tiramisu? Anyway, we should totally do desert after this."
"It's still
Tony just shot a look at him. "Because I'm, technically, a woman?"
"Don't make a face," Steve said without turning around. "Fresh vegetables are good for you."
Tony turned to the soon-to-be-departing 'jet then looked back at Bruce. "
"Ugh, please don't remind me."
"You do that," he said softly and soon found himself gently swaying with Tony to the easy rhythm of whatever song was now playing quietly in the background. They stayed that way for a few minutes before Tony murmured a sleepy, "Merry Christmas, Steve."
Tony glanced back and made a motion as though to ask if Rhodey wanted to answer that question himself, but Rhodey put a hand up and shook his head slightly as though to reply no, he was totally cool with Tony answering for him.
"'Cause you're his princess," Wilson said.
"No, that's fine," he yelled, hanging out the bedroom door to do so. "We'll…find our way over somehow. Pep's already there, and if at least one Avenger doesn't show up soon, her ulcer's going to flare up."
Steve rolled his eyes and slathered a god awful amount of cream cheese on his second bagel. "Tony, no, you're not a slave, but you're a—"
Steve let out a long sigh. "Tony—"
Captain America."
Bruce shrugged. "Surgery's the only way I can think of— And I am not a surgeon, Tony! I am not performing surgery on you!"
As the door glided closed behind Barnes's departing figure, Tony exhaled a breath then went over to the table. It was cold and clinical and wasn't really made for this sort of medical work, but it would have to do if their own medical bay was taken up by hospital patients. If it came to it, he supposed he could just…do what he needed to do upstairs in the bed. If he was reading the material correctly, it would probably be a bit messy, and he'd have to burn the mattress and sheets and get new ones. A small sacrifice to pay, sure, but he doubted Steve was very attached to that mattress.
He thought for certain Steve was going to deflect, but instead, he said, "It's just hard, you know? After all these years. To—"
"Willing to give up your seat for that?" Barnes asked, and at Wilson's inquiring look, he added, "Yeah, I meant it that way."
Steve raised an eyebrow. "Can't you just take it off?"
They went down to the garage in the basement of the building, and Tony hit the button on the fob to unlock the R8. The lights flashed, and he made to go over to the driver's side, but Natasha gently nudged him aside and, when he wasn't paying attention, took the fob off of him.
of it—"
Yeah, maybe not something Tony wanted to think about.
Bruce made a face and said, "Honestly, Steve, it might be better if you didn't go."
Tony snorted another laugh and said, "The sperm donor."
The next time Tony opened his eyes, he was back in the penthouse, and he groaned and pressed a hand to his face, dragging it down as the sounds of soft singing caught his ear.
Tony sighed and rolled his eyes. "Look, Steve and I have been engaged for how long now? I mean, we put it off because I kind of wanted a big ol' bash to show off with, and that takes time to plan. Plus, with the whole rooting out Hydra cells and other Avengers' business, wedding plans got pushed to the backburner. It's not like I haven't wanted to marry Steve since he asked me. We just…haven't found the time to do it."
“The 15-mile hike to the outskirts of Gulmira,” the reporter was saying, “can only be described as a descent into hell, into a modern day Heart of Darkness. Simple farmers and herders from peaceful villages have been driven from their homes, displaced from their lands by warlords emboldened with a new found power.
“Yeah,” he said. “A spider just bit me.”
Peter snickered, bouncing on his toes. There was something… different about his dad. Something his dad wasn't telling him. He should probably be concerned that his dad was keeping secrets again, but he trusted his dad. Everything would be fine.
“Nothing,” Tony said again, and he glance around, but eventually looked back at Steve when he realized that he couldn’t get away. “Well, I mean… There is one thing. And I would have liked to talk privately, not on a jet back from a mission with the rest of the team probably eavesdropping behind us, but it’s important. Sure, dinner would have been nice, but you have to do what you can with what you got. And I know that. I built a mini arc reactor in a cave with a box of scraps, and-”
After hours of working, Peter finally made the perfect mix, compressed into small capsules that he could put into the web shooters he designed. They weren’t perfect, but they would have to be fixed later, if he wanted to go after Connors sooner rather then later.
XxXXxX
“That God!” Clint weeped. “No more unresolved sextual tension at movie night!”
Tony had been working on the Ultron project with Bruce for three days. Three days of nothing but lab time with his science bro, and trying to ignore the fact that he wished it was his science son instead. He missed Peter, sent him a few text that Peter didn’t reply to, and wondering if Peter was okay. He was probably just having so much fun with his new friends that he forgot to answer.
This caused Bucky to pause. While Steve had told Bucky about his relationship problems, Bucky had told him about the dreams he had. The memory dreams about killing people, following orders he didn't want to follow. He had told Steve a few things that Steve had already known about, and a few that had shocked him. But it was helping to talk about them.
They fought as they scaled the building, pedestrians taking photos from below as Peter tried to knock Lizard back down. Nothing seemed to work, though, and they were soon at the top. Apparently Connors had some kind of bio-chem bomb up there, and Peter quickly did his best to take out Connors and the bomb. He eventually did, thank god, but he lost Connors. As in, the man fell off the building, lost. The clean up crew had to scrape him off the sidewalk.
When Bucky finally did come to, Steve hadn’t even noticed. Bucky had just been still, not even moving as he lay on the couch, just… staring at the ceiling. It was actually quite unnerving.
“Yoo-hoo!” Wade whistles, beaming when they looked up in his direction. “Oh my god! That was so awes-”
For a moment, Tony just stares at him. Steve couldn't be serious. He couldn't seriously be thinking about giving up his hero work. Tony knew that being Captain America meant everything to Steve, or that it had, and to give it up for him…
“You don't sound to happy… Everything okay, Pete? Did we miss something that you wanted?”
“No,” Steve said, finding his voice. “They’re still off planet. You can’t connect to them?”
“Uncle Rhodey?” a softer, much younger voice called back, and oh, Rhodey’s done it now!
“Panic. I would say panic is my reaction.”
Instinctively, Peter turned toward the noise, and lept into action. Quite literally, as he leapt off the wall of a building, and tackle the man with the gun. He knocked him down, and webbed the man up as if he had done it thousands of times before, and pinned him to the wall.
Now, he was half limping as he followed Clint up a set of stairs to a farmhouse in the middle of nowhere. Tony squirmed in his own skin, practically feeling all the lowtech vibes coming after him. Everything was calling to be upgraded, and his sleep deprived fingers itched to upgrade.
“I’m closing in,” Tony said, narrowing his eyes at the spot on the barrier he was about to ram. God he hoped this worked!
“Old friends,” Clint had answered, eyes narrowed and arms crossed.
Clint chuckles, and Tony feels quite confused. He glances around, taking in the strange familiar air but unfamiliar surroundings. There were pictures of Clint, Natasha, and what looked like a family of two parents and two kids. A few toys had been forgotten in places around the living room, like a dinosaur toy in the window or a lego house by the table.
“Daddy,” Peter whined sleepily. “Don’ go…”
“We have enhanced in the field,” Steve called back. “Tony, we really need to get inside. Got anything?”
“What do we do, Captain?” Rhodes asked, turned to Steve with his helmet down, letting Steve see the warriness in his eye.
Harry pursed his lips, scowling. “Yttrium. Harry Osborn.”
That got Steve's attention. " Oh, right… Your wedding. Sorry I had to miss it."
STARK: Right, right.
Instantly, Peter was sitting up, actually thinking that over. What if Wade was avoiding him? What if Wade was going to break up with him? It wasn’t like Peter was entirely dependent on Wade. It was just… Wade was Peter’s first boyfriend, and Peter was definitely in love. Or, as in love as a teenager could be. He would be pretty heartbroken if Wade did break up with him but he’d prefer Wade just doing it.
Though he was never there, whenever Peter saw Tony, he was excited. He called him Dad, or a word that he didn't know, surprisingly. Friday would later inform him that it's what the ancient greek word for father was. Apparently, Peter's mother had a second major in Mythology. Peter liked the stories of his mother's gods.
“Daddy?” Peter said, looking up with him.
“Injuries,” Tony said, though it came out more like a question. “Illnesses? I don't know!”
Instantly, Wade felt his blood begin to boil. “Is he still there? Do you know where he’s going to be?”
1974-2015
Peter couldn’t help but smile. Good. His dad wouldn’t be distracted during his mission. So he gave the principal the number for Happy, and Mrs. Warren came with his things to escort him to the door. Gwen, Harry, and Ned were all there to wave him off, wishing him good luck with getting better. He waved back, getting a little dizzy as he stepped toward the car. Uncle Happy came out of the car to help guide him into the back seat along with his bag.
"I left the door open?" She sounded generally confused, as if she hadn't realized and was truly detached from the world. All the while, still
“Yeah,” Steve said, picking up a log to split it in half with his bare hands. “Sometimes my teammates don’t tell me things.”
“I think we should take another look into arc reactor technology.”
“Wrong. I’m a monster, inside and out. I belong in a circus, where no one can see me without meaning to. Preferably on the other side of the world, maybe in Eastern Europe, where Peter can never find me by accident.”
“I’m so glad I got that all on camera.”
Bucky had been doing well. Very well, actually.
“Hey,” Steve said softly. “You’ve been pretty quiet.”
The other man looked up. “Yeah?...”
But Tony couldn’t bare to go to far from the pile of ash that had been… That had once been…
“No?” Pepper asked. “Tony, you have to go to-”
“Right…” Pops sighed, leaning back in his chair as he picked up his own mug. “What about you. Why are you still up?”
“I don't need your companies help,” Connors snapped, stepping closer. “You've ruined me. Ruined my reputation, talking so many about my one mistake! And now, you’ll pay!”
“Tony!”
Tony grumbled, working as fast as he could to make it work. He barely even noticed Steve entering from the corner of his eye. He didn’t want to see Steve right now. He didn’t want to deal with him, not now. Not here, in this moment.
“Your date,” Sam said again. “The one you asked Stark out on for tomorrow night? You’re going to dinner, aren’t you?”
Halfway through what was supposed to be a simple tour, just the basic floors, Peter was surprised when his
So after they’d had their little shout fest, and setting up to go looking for Ultron, Steve didn’t get a chance to talk to Tony in private. He wanted to, needed to, but they hadn’t had the chance yet. Everything was moving to fast, and Steve knew that Tony had just barely managed to take a break to call Peter, much less sleep or talk to him.
He took off the suit and stuffed it into a backpack, going to get his camera. He took a minute to go say goodbye to Bilgy, who had been moved to live in a room Thor hooked up with Asgardian tech. It was bigger on the inside, and Bilgy was just to big to be taken out like he used to. Sure, Peter still went to see the beast every now and then, but Bilgy became more of a team sparring partner or, oddly enough, a mount for Thor or Hulk when they fought in New York.
“Yeah,” Tony said as he stared up at the mass amounts of stolen things from the Battle of New York. “I got… something bigger.”
“Tony,” Rhodey said, sounding terrified. “You still there?”
He’d been working his ass off in the six months since he talked to Tony, doing everything he could to track Francis down. He wasn’t making as good of progress as he wished he was, but he was still making progress. Maybe another year, maybe less, he could finally catch this guy. Tony had, of course, offered to help. And he did, but not with finding Francis. That was something that Wade had to do on his own. He was, you know, breaking the law, and the Avengers had been taking heat for a while from all kinds of media.
But the same thing was happening to his phone. It was stuck to his hand, not coming off, and Peter started to freak out. What the hell was going on?!
“It’s okay, Peter,” he breathed, throat tight as he tied it closed with one of his shoe laces. “It’s… It’s gonna be okay. I’m gonna figure out a way to fix this. I promise, okay?”
“You don't sound to happy about it, Mr. Stark. Why is that?”
To his right, the final bell rang, and Wade saw students starting to leave the school. Looking around, finding people still staring, Wade did what he had to, and pulled up his hood and left. At the corner, though, he paused. Looking over his shoulder, he caught just a bare glimpse of Peter, walking with Ned and Gwen. He was wearing Wade’s old hoodie, and he had his old skateboard under his arm.
His pops seemed to give him the same thing every year, which was a carefully detailed painting of the team. It had everyone, there or not. It had all the actual members, like Captain America and Iron Man, Thor and Hulk… But it also had the honorary team, like Jane and Darcy, with Peter in the center. It was a painting that grew every year, with more and more people added to the family. Because that’s what it was. A painting of Peter’s family.
I meant to get this chapter out on Christmas. I really did. But this Chapter ended up being WAY longer then I anticipated, and I'm work insanely long hours now? Plus this is the longest chapter by far, so, yeah, have fun with that.
“We gotta hurry,” he said, holding up the new reactor. “Take this. Take this. You gotta switch it out really quick.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tony," Steve said, eyes wide. "You didn't…"
“Just do it!” Another missile sailed over his head.
“You’re going to kill yourself, Tony,” She said. “And I’m not going to be a part of it. I’m taking Peter, and I’m leaving.”
“The wall to your left,” Jarvis replied, nearly instantly. “I’m reading steel reinforcement and an air current.”
“How big are your hands?” was his even faster response.
He was cut off when a weight slammed into his side. He went tumbling, falling down and down, until he was slamming into the ground. Good thing was, so did Francis, just a second after Wade. With a snarl, Wade lunged, pinning Francis down. They fought, Francis trying to push him off while Wade tried to kill him, breaking arms and throwing punches.
He didn’t remember when exactly he fell asleep.
It took Tony a good while before he was able to move.
And, with that, Tony left his first and only child in the hands of someone else. That was his first, and most unforgivable, mistake.
"Bullshit," Tony snarled. "Bruce and Coulson are both staying behind, and can do a perfectly fine job of taking care of Johnny and Susan while we're gone. I was resting yesterday, and now I'm
“Peter,” he said, when the boy reached for the plushie. “Where did you get this?”
“Yeesh, no wonder you’re pissy. But it’s never gonna brighten up if you don’t go see this boy you’ve been pinning for. You gotta tell him how you feel.”
“There's no need to,” Tony said, going to sit on the couch. “You get him tested, see if he's mine, and when you prove that he is, I call my old nannies and hire them again. They can raise him.”
“It was just… a rough morning,” Pops explained. “Go hang out with your friends, okay?”
Tony wasn't sure how long he spent working on the ship, but it was long enough to run through half the food and water rations that was stored in the ship. He used bits of his nano-suit to weld and mend the holes in the hull. Some of them burned out from the process, destroyed and joined with the ship. It didn't bother Tony, though. If it meant that the patch work would be all the stronger.
Once it was complete, he pulled it on and looked at himself in the mirror. He didn't look to bad, and if he was being completely honest with himself, he actually thought the suit looked pretty good. Considering that he was a fourteen year old in a skin tight suit, anyway. He needed to get some pictures. And get out of the house. He hadn't seen Aunt Pep in a while…
Pushing the door open, Peter held it for everyone to get inside. With the right access, DNA and voice recognition, the door opened to an elevator that goes right up to the penthouse. Peter used it when he was to lazy to wall crawl into his window, or when he got back during the tourist rush in the lobby and wanted to avoid people. Now, his friends piled inside, looking around in confusion as Peter stepped in.
“Is this what you call accountability?” She handed him a stack of photos, which he struggled to look at one haned. “It’s a town called Gulmira. Heard of-?”
bad! It’s probably like that blemish no one notices but you.”
“Will that be all, Mr. Stark?”
“The hell?” a voice called, causing them to freeze. They looked down the balcony, finding everyone looking at them, Barnes scowling. “What just happened?”
XxXXxX
Inside, Wade was shocked to read the scribbled label at the top, and bullet points of ideas. This was the author's notes on the story, on his story, on his worlds story. Notes on Peter, Tony. On Steve and the Avengers and him. Notes that were scratched out, barely readable, about things that could have happened, but were decided against. Wade stared at the fragments of what could have been his past, could have been his history, and tried not to think too hard about how different he could have been.
"Tony!" Wade said, his voice overly cheery. "So great to see you!" Even through the mask, Tony could see his smile drop into a dark look. A look that Tony had only ever seen on madmen about to kill someone. "But I have to take care of a wolf problem now."
“A week ago, the company was going to take on a new scientist from OsCorp, starting new week, once he wrapped up his project there. However, I got a call from Norman Osborn during a meeting with this scientist saying he'd lost an experiment. So I had to tell him we wouldn't be taking him. And he's been harassing the front desk everyday since.”
“Could you… could you find out?”
But Peter eventually pulled back, looking a little breathless and with a blush that made Wade give a shit eating grin.
XxXXxX
“Guys,” Tony said, scowling down at them as Steve blushed. “What the hell?”
“So you never told me where you're from,” he said.
“Three days.”
“I just want to sit down with him and have a nice dinner!” Steve sighed as he settled onto his now regular spot on Bucky’s couch. It had been a fairly quick transition from ‘deadly assassin’ to ‘awkwardly over informed acquaintance’, and they were now leveled out to make a slow but steady transition to friends again. “It’s like the universe is trying to keep us apart.”
He gave Jarvis the order to go speed up, and went supersonic. Then, a missile came in and he deployed the flares. Things just got worse from there, the jets opening gun fire on him, and he had to deploy flaps and cling to the bottom of one of the jets.
“Hey,” he said as casually as possible. “You busy? Think you could run an errand for me? I need you to go to my office. You’re going to hack into the mainframe and you’re going to retrieve all the recent shipping manifests.”
Tony blinked, and was instantly going to get blood samples to run some tests. He asked Wade about where he’d been, and listened carefully. It was a shock to know that Wade had been used as a lab rat for three months, before starting a hunt for this Francis guy. He had apparently been looking for the guy for three months, but was coming up short.
“I was out of town for a couple months, in case you didn’t hear.”
Peter giggled, covering his grin with both his hands. Tony returned the grin, instead turning to start moving some things around. They set up a special area, over in a spot where Peter could see everything that was going on in the workshop. It would be where Peter would be whenever he came down with him. Tony would, of course, have to stop sleeping in the shop, and drinking while doing so.
“Is that so?” She asked, voice soft and filled with hurt. “Well, then I quit. Peter can come live with me, and you can keep your missions.”
His dad planned everything, of course. With his Pops help, it wasn’t to flashy or shocky, and was moderated to just a few games, cake, and presents. All of the team would be there, and all Peter had to do was plan the rondevu with his friends, so he decided that, since his birthday was on a Friday, he’d just have them come home with him after school.
“Don’t worry Baby-Boy,” Deadpool-
And suddenly Tony burst. “That would end the team! That would end the fight! Isn’t that the dream? That we can go home, to our family’s-” he gestured exaggeratedly back at the Barton farm. “-so that we can go home and not worrying about how long we get to be there before we have to go out and maybe get ourselves killed?”
Tony couldn't help but snort, and gestured to the plush couch. “Set him down there. I need to detach the arm to figure out how it works.”
“Do it,” Rhodey said. “You and Rogers are doing great together. He moved in months ago, and you've been together for, like, two years, right? You're not gonna break up any time soon.”
“A guy just came in looking for you,” Weasel said quickly. “I think it was that Francis guy.”
Tony struggled with a name, until she finally gave it to him.
“Boss and the Captain had an incident with the cake,” Friday said, making Ned, Gwen, and even Harry jump in surprise. “They left an hour ago to retrieve another, and will return before the actual party starts to meet your friends. Your suit for tomorrow’s event have been pressed and is hanging on the inside of your door.”
Wade spent the next week doing all kinds of research. Not really to save himself. No, this was a fuck ton of cancer. He was young, and as Cap would say, ‘spry’, but he wouldn’t make it through all that hard and painful treatments. No, Wade was looking in to things that he needed to do before he died.
“Tony, don't drink out of the bottle,” his pops chided, though he seemed to give up as he turned to his friends, taking a moment to shake each of their hands. “Steve Rogers. I'm Peter's step father. Harry, nice to see you again, and you must be Ned.” Pops smiled, clapping Ned on the shoulder. “You've been a good friend to Peter, I hear. Thank you for that.” And then Pops grinned at Bucky, still talking to Ned. “You know, I had a friend like you when I was your age. A good fella who stuck around and helped me even when I didn't want it. Always picking up dames as I tried to keep him focused.”
And it was easier. Steve led his team in the frontal assault, and started pushing the titan back. Once he was close enough, and before he could start using his one stone against them, Tony and the flanking team jumped in. He and Carol threw punches and energy blasts alike, while Clint hailed a rain of arrows.
Steve looked between the crowd of their friends and Tony, before beaming. “Best birthday ever.”
meant Steve had been planning to do this for a while. And holy
“Tony,” Obie started, catching his attention. “What were you thinking? We’re a weapons manufacturer.”
. But he wasn’t. He could hear Rhodey, blessed Rhodey shouting out. But, man, stupid Rhodey! Didn’t he know Peter was sleeping.
coming through it. Wade wasted no time, drawing his gun and moving into the doorway. His gun came up, pointed straight at the woman's forehead.
"That was very brave of you kids," Steve said, looking between the two of them. "And I'm sorry we couldn't get to you first. We're working hard to get the situation under control, but it's slow going. Tony and Peter are still off planet, as far as we know, and we're having problems with getting into the mansion."
as a date. That wasn't… It wasn't very romantic. Sure, Steve knew that they weren't going to have one of those heartfelt, lovey-dovey sort of dinners as a date. But lunch? On his birthday? His
“What’s going on here?” Pepper asked, surprising him, and he went still.
“And what do you plan to do with this information if I bring it back here?”
“Right,” he said quickly. “I was driving, uh, to the canyon, where Peter and I are going to jog.”
And with that, Ned was on his way to out the door. Peter stood by the couch, the controller forgotten in his hand. He could hear a ringing in his ears as he stared at Weasel, his dad and pops appearing from the hallway. He knew what was coming. He knew what this was, and he was entirely unprepared for it.
The titan barely stood a chance, and Tony was going to feel suck a sick satisfaction at punching him in his oversized, wrinkled chin.
“Obadiah, he’s gone insane!”
“Iron Man,” Tony said, smirking to both himself and Peter. “That’s kinda catchy. Got a nice ring to it, doesn’t it, Pete? I mean, it’s not technically accurate. The suit’s made of a gold-titanium alloy, but it’s kind of evocative, the imagery, anyway.”
When Natasha turned to start back toward the Tower, Steve moved to follow her. Still, he paused at the front gate to give the mansion one last look. He’d focus on his task at hand, getting New York under control, until more could be done to get everything in order or fix what Thanos did. Who knows, maybe Wilson was already hunting Thanos, and would call them when he found the bastard. Wishful thinking, but still.
“Tony,” she was scolding as she came in. “What the hell is going on? Your team has been saying you won't let them in and-” It was then that she noticed his sheet white face, his heaving chest, and the pile of bloodied flowers Dum-E was sweeping away. “Oh god…”
“I know what you’re going to say,” Tony started from the hallway. “And I completely agree that-”
“No,” Tony said, and he saw the surprise in Steve’s eyes. He felt the tingle in the back of his throat as his heart twisted in pain, and he quickly reached for the handkerchief before he started coughing again. Steve moved to step closer, but Tony held up his hand to stop him. When it subsided, and Tony had hidden the flowers, he laid back in the chair and took a second to breath. “I’m actually… going to get some rest. See if I can’t get a handle on this cold.”
“Oh, Uncle Bucky! Yeah, let him in, Friday.” Peter turned to look at his friends, only to find three of them shifting almost uncomfortably. He realized, belatedly, that this was probably a big shock for everyone. That, even if they were his friends, this was a lot to take in. Especially for Ned. He already knew Peter was Spiderman, but this on top of that? “Wait, no. I’ll meet him in the hall, okay?” he turned to his friends, trying to give his best smile. “You guys get comfortable. Wade can show you how to work the TV, and where the fridge is.”
"Then we'll have to move him," someone else said behind him. Was that Coulson? "Stark, this is going to hurt."
“Am I crazy,” she said slowly, “or is your hand really small.”
“Had a little help,” the woman said, crossing her arms.
“We have to get to him first,” Wade said quickly. “Meet me outside my old school in ten, okay?”
“You’re going to do it. Go to the central console and open up all the circuits. When I get clear of the roof, I’ll let you know. You’re going to hit the master bypass button. It’s going to fry everything up here.”
Peter blinked, and let out a noise of surprise as the man yanked him up, pulling him over to some kind of machine off to the side. He tried to pull away, but the man was stronger then he looked, and Peter could feel his wrists actually bruising. The guy tossed him into the machine, the woman he had with him coming to strap him in before he could do anything.
"Where do they think this creator is?"
“Is it important, Friday?” Tony asked instead. “Like, needs my immediate attention? Or can they wait until later?”
When Tony came out, he went to his own room to get dressed himself. A simple pair of jeans and a random band t-shirt would do. He put on a leather jacket and his shoes after a second of thinking. He would go ask Rhodey about his idea today.
Peter gaped, staring wide eyed at the ceiling, simply in shock. He'd been out for three days? How? Why? Was it… was it the spider bite? But then, why hadn't Friday activated an emergency protocol?
When they finally parted, Tony was breathing hard, licking at his lips as he tried to clear his head. Steve was smiling, eyes half lidded as he let out a breath, as if he'd been holding it in the entire time. Tony didn't see how, since he felt like the air had been sucked out of his lungs.
Before he could turn, there was the loud roar of the suits repulsors. A heavy weight pressed into his back throwing him forward, into the dirt. There was a sick, wet slicing sound, and Steve scrambled to stand up. He turned, eyes wide, in absolute horror.
The phone was lightly pulled from his grip, and he was eased backwards onto the couch. If he wasn’t paralyzed, he’d probably be having quite the heart attack. Someone was in his house. Some one was
He blinked, the frowned. The team was asking him to distract Steve for several hours. Alone. Doing whatever it was that Tony needed to do to distract their Captain. Tony didn't want to get his hopes up, but this could be their chance… Well, his chance. To find out if Steve wanted a friend date or a date date.
“This is not a piece of equipment,” Tony ground, the hud going staticy for a second. “I’m in it. It’s a suit. It’s me!”
Wade was more then a little pleased after his first official meeting with Spiderman. He was glad that he got the chance to meet his hero, even if it was two years after the first time he saved him. Man, time sure was flying for them. If he was a different man, Wade would probably be upset with how little screen time if felt like he was getting, but he’d let it slide because he loved his treat of meeting Spiderman.
“You’re Peter Stark,” Harry said, slowly, drawing Ned and Gwen’s attention back to Peter. “And I’m an idiot.”
Steve dropped his head forward, pressing their foreheads together. They didn't say anything for a moment, and eventually, the twins began to squirm, and they had to separate. Tony took a step back, using one hand to reach up and rub away the tears that had started to form.
Wilson just laughed.
But, as he finished up the unit, and went to find Steve to strong arm the Soldier into the unit, Steve walked into the room.
“Alright everyone,” one of the teachers called, clapping his hands together. “We're going to head for the gymnasium now, and then split into groups. Three groups of three and three groups of four.”
“Did you hear anything about Deadpool in the news?” Peter asked Ned in a quiet voice. “My dads were arguing about him when I got upstairs.”
"I don't think this is what's most important right now," Carol said. "We need to find Thanos and get that gauntlet."
Peter choked on his sandwich, coughing as they showed helicopter footage of thousands of robots swarming around all of the Avengers, even part time ones, and four people Peter didn’t even recognize. He watched in shock as they were fighting, destroying bot after bot, before the footage suddenly cut out.
"Well," he finally said, blinking several times as his eyebrows raised in unison, "I might have— It would have been nice to have that information sooner. Do we know
"Would probably feel better without this stupid denim between my pussy and your finger."
She hummed a little, putting a finger to her chin as though she was assessing his concern before she said, "At most, I will say it would not surprise me. Your bond is quite strong and
…out of you. It's about finally getting you to do what I wish we'd done six months ago. I'm not getting any younger, either, you know."
Tony waved him off and chewed his own bite of food. "No biggie," he said through his mouthful. He swallowed and took another bite, and Steve went over to the fridge and grabbed the container of orange juice. In the light afforded by the opened fridge, Tony watched as he opened it and drank straight from the carton, and he swallowed his bite and said, "I hope you didn't offer your pal any of that."
"It wasn't anything
"Oh, you don't think given half-a-chance this idiot wouldn't?"
Steve put his hands up like he was trying to calm him. "Honey, I know. OK? I know. I under—"
Steve shrugged. "You know what they say about the best-laid plans."
Tony gasped. "Language, Steve!"
"Papa, is he gone?"
," Steve murmured, but Tony ignored him.
Natasha arched an eyebrow. "You didn't put up a fight over wearing it."
Tony nodded. "So, they were doing it, but just casually. No feelings."
He pulled his head back a little to press his face into Steve's shoulder then turned his head to rest his cheek there. "Not exactly. She just thinks we're playing with our toys. She can't understand why she can't come into the room when we're playing with our toys. We go into her room when she's playing with her toys."
your one-armed pal have all held her. I didn't kill any of them. You have more rights to her than they do, so… Hold your arms like— Yeah, that'll work," he said and set the baby in Steve's cradled arms. His heart skipped a beat when Steve seemed to fumble with her at first — perhaps misjudging her weight — but he caught himself quickly enough and settled her into his arms, staring down at her in amazement and wonder.
"You wanted to live in the present and he wanted to relive the past," Tony supplied.
Steve loved being a dad.
Bruce was someone he could talk science to, but Steve was just someone he could talk to. He didn't always agree with Steve, but he was fascinated by his perspective — even, sometimes, if just from the point of view of trying to prove him wrong. Somewhere along the way, their dinner dates and lunch dates and coffee dates and bullshit sessions down in the lab had turned into something deeper, and he would always remember the first time they'd gone into battle — when that whole damned thing with Killian and the Mandarin had happened — that Tony's heart had jumped into his throat at one of Steve's more stupid stunts.
vegetables and dressing.
been a while, and Steve had been so busy with his jobs that he hadn't even taken the time to give himself a quick jerk in the shower in weeks.
for the job. Having a baby was beneath him? Please. Howard just wasn't qualified for the job. It needed someone stronger or tougher or fiercer or more capable — someone more adaptable to change, someone with an actual fucking
What a fucking asshole thing to do.
God love him, Steve tried to make things better.
knew it was a girl except for me and Steve?"
"Tony, lay back," was the first thing he heard when he was paying attention to his surroundings again, and he did so without a fight, something that felt a lot like wetness staining his face. He pulled his legs up and braced one against Natasha's grasp and the other against an unwilling Barnes's, and he scooted down when Bruce told him so and relaxed his legs when Bruce told him so, and he took a breath and gazed up at the lights embedded in the ceiling as he waited for Bruce to wash up.
"Hmm…what kind is that, sugar plum? The kind that actually loves each other?"
"I thought we were doing it back at the tower?"
"Yeah, well," he said breezy, carefree, as he took Steve's offered arm and followed him out of the room and over to the stairs, "
is what makes you uneasy?"
did not say, "That's actually a good one."
"Figures," she muttered and sat back in her chair. "Papa, 'm thirsty. C'n I have some juice?"
"Yeah, why?"
"Honestly? I probably could. But we just showered, and you very nicely cleaned up the bed, which is weird — are you feeling OK? — and I don't feel like getting messy again, so no, we're not going again."
Rhodey just raised an eyebrow. "And you believe her?"
He heaved out a breath and admitted what he'd known at the back of his mind from the moment he'd practically told that reporter he was pregnant with Captain America's baby.
Steve had the decency to look a
She blinked again, still seemingly unable to process what he was saying. "I'm sorry,
"Eh, you're not missing much, really," Tony said and touched the side of the pot to see if the water had cooled to room temperature yet. He'd been in this kitchen over half-an-hour trying to mix up a bottle for his daughter, and he was about at the point where he was considering asking Thor to go find Nutsy-cuckoo and ask her to change him back again — just until Olivia could subsist on solids, anyway.
"Yeah, you're going to have to give me a little more to go on here—"
This gave Tony pause for a moment and only a moment as he stopped in mid-sip before he finished the sip and set the cup down. "Yeah, well, maybe I was years ago," he said, and Steve realized the words had taken on a snappish tone. "I've gotten over that."
“Why wouldn’t you just talk to him?” Weasel asked, frowning as he squinted at Wade.
“They’re katanas,” he corrected, a smile showing through his mask, though he turned to look at an odd angle, off to the side, as he continued. “Really, they are katana’s. Wolfy thinks they’re impractical, since they’re both long swords, and honestly, she’s right, but I have a bit of a power boost so it’s not that hard.”
“Mr. Stark,” a few people whispered, raising their hands.
“Tony-”
Wade sucked in a breath, standing up straight to meet Peter head on. He didn’t know what to say. Should he apologize? Yes, yes definitely that? But when he opened his mouth, Peter spoke.
When they pulled apart, Peter was a bit breathless, dazed and grinning.
His first task was finding out what day it was. Peter liked routines, did the same things every week, with a few special things thrown in. When he found a paper, after making his way back into the more populated part of New York, Wade was shocked to find that almost three months had gone by. It was late September already. Peter would be back in school. Which meant, after a glance at a store clock, Wade knew exactly where Peter was, and where he would be, for the next hour.
I hope all of you enjoyed it as much as I did, and I hope, for those of you who are following my works, new and old, will enjoy… whatever it is that I post next! It's been a fabulous two years, and let's hope whatever big project I have next for Steve and Tony (or Wade and Peter) is just as fun.
“Now we’re finally getting somewhere!” He cheered, beaming as he turned to look down at the underpass bellow. “Target approaching~ The plot is gonna progress, and on my POV after another six months! Gosh, the event timeline sure is confusing. Oh well!”
XxXXxX
“No way,” Wade snapped. “I’m not making his life as ugly as mine.”
A little startled, Steve looked up from where he was sifting through his things. Most of it was, by request, still in the boxes they’d been in before being sent to the Tower. He hadn’t really been expecting Sam to pick up on the subtle things he might have done, just being around Tony. Sure, he probably got a little closer then he had needed to at some points, but that didn’t mean they had a sort of… thing. No, Sam couldn’t know.
Still, Peter lifted his camera to take a picture of the things in the room. He didn’t feel the bug on his hand at first, but soon felt it crawling around his hand. Slowly, Peter lowed the camera to look at it, and blinked in surprise. He’d never seen a spider like this before…
Principal Morita frowned. “Your uncle’s phone number?”
"You didn't hear it from me," the hooded figure said, glancing back and forth on their stretch of street. "I got out of that crazy cult for a reason. Don't even know why you'd want to know about them."
“Push it!”
She tossed the flash drive onto the desk, causing Tony to flinch at the clank. He didn’t know what came over him. Peter… Peter would always come first. It was Peter, then he mission. As she turned to walk away, she spoke quickly.
XxXXxX
Tony woke up with his chest feeling tight.
“Tony?” Pepper asked. “What are you doing? We need to talk about this.”
“Sorry? Hello?”
“Hey Steve,” he said cheerily. “Just thought I'd call and tell you that I got the fourth free. Peter's gonna do some stuff with the team that day and I figured I could treat you to lunch. How's that sound?”
It was amazing to see how Peter’s eyes sparkled at that before he ran off towards the stairs. If Tony had any guess, if Peter was anything like he was, he’d probably take a good few minutes on each toy before he finally chose. He knew he’d bought Peter a lot of stuff. Or, at least, ordered it.
The long appendage seems to burst out from under Connors tattered lab coat, and threw Peter off. He landed with a thud, against the glass of the floor to ceiling window behind Pepper’s desk, and groaned as he tried to get up. Connors hissed, getting to him first, and lifting him high above his head before throwing him out the window.
, while passing him in the hallway. Steve had been planning to leave while Tony had still been asleep.
"What about Johnny and Susan?" Steve asked, almost holding his breath. "Did they… Are they…?"
“He said he still had work to do,” Tony barely heard. “Lab?”
"Please don't hesitate to call me. I'll leave the information with Serena. You can have my cell number. Also, there's some pamphlets I want you to read and some information we hand out to all our maternity patients. I think it would be good for
"Yeah, honey, that's great, but you're married and she's dead," Tony said as Steve went over to the elevator.
Pepper gave him an odd look. "Well…
She frowned at Bruce and said, "Is Papa mad?"
child. You put this baby in me. The
, I guess," he continued, pretending like he hadn't seen the momentary shift of Natasha's countenance, "but trust me. I can feel it. I can feel everything. I can feel something growing inside of me. I know it's alive, and I know it's A-OK. I don't need to drink a gallon of water and have Bruce poke me in the gut with some medieval torture device in order to know that."
friends — people to rely on or depend on or just call up to bullshit with every so often. So many of the people he'd come into contact with over his life had only ever been interested in him for what he could give them — what he could provide for them and nothing else.
Christmas Eve dinner, as it turned out, came from a local Italian joint, and Steve said a silent apology to his mother for happily chowing down on meat-filled ravioli and chicken Alfredo and chicken parmesan and any number of other meat-filled dishes. His mother had been reared in Catholic teachings and traditions, meatless Christmas Eves being one of traditions, and she had continued on these teaching and traditions with him. He could still remember the fish of his youth and how it would stink out their small apartment when she would make it for them after coming home from a long shift at the hospital.
"Whatever," Tony said with a roll of his eyes before he went back to sorting the gifts, and the conversation thankfully changed from talk 'bond mates' to general disgruntlement at the early hour, as Jim strolled off the elevator at that precise moment, looking a little annoyed as he came into the living area wearing nothing but a pair of pajamas and a bathrobe.
"It… It looks good on you, Tony. It…fits you well."
at him for some reason.
But unlike last time when the entire crowd erupted in a roar of confusion, this time, you could hear a pin drop. He blinked and startled at the reaction, at the way the journos before him sort of looked at each other like they weren't sure if this was a joke or not, and he glanced back at the others a moment to see if they were noticing what he noticed, several assorted looks of concern and confusion staring back at him.
The room went dead silent at that, evidently no one sure how to respond to Tony's 'cutesy baby crap' comment, before Barton clapped his hands together and said, "So, rejected wedding cake! Who wants a slice? I know I could go for a slice."
Steve laughed. "I mean you. Pregnant. Like that. You don't need it."
JARVIS took him up to the penthouse, and he stepped off into the quiet, and he looked around a moment then said, "J?"
"He was right," Steve said, not exactly answering his question. "It was tough to lead that kind of life back in those days. And I— I mean, I
He felt Steve's gaze on him, and he glanced over and met his eyes, and Steve smiled some and said, "OK. We'll be the Stark-Rogers…es. OK, now the plural sounds absolutely
"I don't know," the woman said. "Is he?" She leaned back in her chair. "I read about Captain America in high school. It was a big part of his story that he went from draft board to draft board trying to enlist,
"Should see the one back at the Tower," Tony muttered and pulled out a small container that Steve saw had 'half-and-half' printed on it. "Have to keep that one fully stocked because that gang of idiots still hasn't gotten the memo that our personal floor is not their communal floor."
—" one of the hosts started to say, and Tony rolled his eyes at the bullshit that he thought had been laid to rest a long time ago. Fuck's sake, they had come out as
Natasha just arched an eyebrow and took a sip of her champagne while Bruce looked at the card in his hand and said, "I don't know. Are you Table 1?"
He shook his head and decided it would be better to go bullshit with Bucky and Sam. Sam would nag him about the video, but if he kept quiet enough about it, Sam would eventually give up just because he wasn't getting the desired response. Bucky…he didn't know about Bucky. Bucky, oddly, had all but taken Tony's side in the breakup, and he remembered Bucky just shaking his head at him and saying,
"Oh, yeah, sure," Tony said and grabbed a couple spoons from the flatware drawer he'd recently familiarized himself with. "It's just drinks," he said and set the spoons down on the island. "Until it's dinner. Until it's meeting her parents. Until it's china patterns and silver and linens and the next thing you know, she's got you living in a three-bedroom Cape Cod in the suburbs."
"Because she's fucking nuts and because if I don't then I'll die."
Other Tony dropped his face into his hand and shook his head a little, but Tracy continued to stare at him expectantly, reminding him a little of a more well-intentioned Darcy with her questions, and Tony paused a moment, trying to think of what he could say that wasn't going to be splashed all over the tabloids the moment he left the shop.
"Hmm? Well, maybe they should give the cosmic pain-in-the-ass a call. She can wiggle her fingers and give them the, well, us treatment."
on the side of the road, Tony. You got in the car and drove away."
It still hadn't sat well with him, but as Rhodey later admitted, that might have been because he wasn't explaining it all that well, and he really wasn't sure
"What? Can you see into the future?"
a kid from an alternate universe. No way in hell were his culinary skills anything that could ever be considered remotely…good.
"There's a difference?" Natasha asked.
with Steve. He felt protected and assured and knew that if he were to fall, Steve would be right there to catch him. And now, that feeling extended to the hungry little newborn in his arms. He just
," Steve said and shot a pointed look at him. It lost some of its punch with a cloth over his shoulder, a baby in one arm, and a bottle in hand, but it was still enough to get Tony to roll his eyes and mutter a 'whatever,' before he turned back to the table.
He snorted a laugh and stopped talking a moment, as though he was trying to figure out the right words for what he wanted to say.
There was a rumor going around that Natasha and Pepper wanted to throw him a baby shower.
Tony rolled his eyes. "Why do you think it has
With Tony naked and sweaty beneath him, neck bared, back arched, writhing and moaning and begging to be allowed to come already.
Probably not all that removed from how he had looked to Bucky and Sam that night all those years ago.
"Oh, I'll do it the other way on principle. Just so Steve can see how awful it is."
Natasha has already gone by 'Natalie,' right?"
" he asked then suddenly was able to translate. "You mean the Declaration of Independence?"
He was Tony Stark. OK, Stark-
Tony quirked his lips into an amused half-smile. "Well, I guess it wouldn't hurt to show you what you're in for."
He pulled out a clean pair of pajamas and shucked off his clothes to change into them, and he tossed his clothes with his bag and sat down on the bed to curl up on his side. Jesus fuck, he was so sick of crying. Sometimes it felt like that's all he did nowadays, and he was tired of it. He was tired of everything. He just wanted to go back in time and stop all of this from happening. Maybe even stop—
"Even if it means giving Hydra, AIM, our own fucking government, and god knows who else more reason to snatch us up and milk you for all the baby batter they can get out of you before using it on me and a number of other as-yet-to-be-determined volunteers?"
"What's the feminine of that? Antonia? Antoinette?"
“And what? Risk them taking my own goddamned suit away from me? Maybe the other puppets don’t mind dancing for you, but I’m not looking for Captain Tightass’s approval. I did what I had to do to—”
look for more." He looked up to where Steve now stood not too far from Bruce and said, "I'm going to assume that's your fault somehow."
Rhodey frowned and said, "Look, Tones—"
He sat up, alerted to the sensation, and as soon as he put a hand to his belly, Steve was in his space, putting his hand on top of Tony's and asking, "What's wrong?"
"Come on!" Tony said with a whine. "Who else can I trust to do it?"
take it well if anything were to happen to him. He probably needed to talk to Steve himself about that — it wasn't the same as hearing it from Wilson or Nat or any of the others that may have tried to corner him about it. Steve could talk his way around them easy. Steve was much more open to laying out his vulnerabilities with Tony.
knows how."
"Johann," Bucky said. "Didn't he have that awful skin condition?"
Fuck, he couldn't believe how horny he'd been the past several weeks. He wasn't sure he'd make it if this kept up.
Steve had changed into a pair of jeans and a t-shirt by this point, and he rolled his eyes as he moved closer to Tony's personal space.
He adjusted his hold on the baby in his arms and brushed his lips against her head one more time then said, "Yeah, maybe I just didn't...sleep well last night. I don't know. Maybe I'll take a nap."
Steve gave a curt shake of his head. "Didn't say that," he said and bit into the toast as he went back to his tablet.
He blew out a breath. "Uh," he said and tightened his arms some, "I don't, um… I didn't actually know — she didn't let me know — until it had gotten so bad she couldn't hide it from me any longer. She didn't, um…"
"Nah, man," Barton said and pushed Tony out of the pilot's seat. Tony went to protest, but he just folded his arms and stood beside Steve as Barton explained, "No biggie. Nat and Bruce are holding down the fort with Hill. They'll let us know if they need us to make a diversion to anywhere else."
Steve nodded as well, and as he got up to leave, Tony called out, "You know, if we're serious about doing this Avengers-thing, maybe you might want to rethink being Fury's lapdog."
Tony looked up at him, and though there was amusement and a little bit of fight in his dark eyes,
His Steve was dead. Gone.
Tony swallowed and tried to keep his voice calm as he said, once more because
"Nothing," Tony answered quickly, "just an in— Oh, shit. I just sent that to all the Avengers, which means you got it, too." He glanced up and tweaked a smile at Steve. "Don't get too mad at me. Also, don't get too mad at the others when they 'shop it and make it into some sort of motivational poster."
"Uh, we're discussing it right now."
"—you seem to be very happy with your
"Happy does."
He shoved his hands in his pockets and shrugged. "I know you're not as much of a jerk as you want people to think you are."
was taking that from him — forced to contain himself to the Iron Man armor and use the voice modulator lest anyone notice that there was something…odd about Tony Stark. But that was the only time he saw the outside world. He didn't think there was actually anything keeping him from venturing outside into the daylight, and in fact, it would probably be better for him this way. No one knew him in this body, and so he could walk the streets unencumbered. But he had little desire to leave the building except for Avenging because… Because…
"Goddamn it, Steve! Talk to JARVIS all you want, just stick your fucking dick inside of me already!"
"A bitch?" Tony finished for her then grumbled as he had to step aside of a swaying couple.
starting to get along, and I, uh, figured telling you the, ah,
"No, I can't, and I know that—"
Tony looked at him and said, with all the seriousness he could muster, "Uh, I'm Tony Stark. Well, I guess
In contrast to the hustle and bustle going on several floors away, Tony's lab was silent as a morgue. It was comforting, peaceful, and though ideally he knew he should
He glanced up and met Tony's eye, and Tony held his gaze a moment before he smiled at the earnest, tender-hearted sap and said, "Babe, if it were up to me, you wouldn't be going anywhere else. Ever."
"Can't you just say 'pregnant'?"
He shivered and shook his head, still able to feel how tightly his arms had been bound, how harsh the lighting had been, how
"Do you mean that?" he asked, his voice soft and tender.
" He motioned around them. "This would have been months upon months of saving for me — maybe even years. Making deliveries didn't exactly pay a whole hell of a lot."
"Lookin' damn
Thor got up and made to scoop Tony up, and he cried out and threw a leg and then an arm out to block him and squawked a bit about feeling violated or threatened or something, and Thor stood back in slight bemusement while Bruce just stared at him pointedly and said, "Would you go to bed?"
"Captain America's not saying it," Steve said with a curt shake of his head. "Not in any official capacity, anyway. I am."
"Of course," Steve replied and lay the blankets back over Tony. He went around to the other side of the bed and sat down, the mattress dipping with his weight, and he switched the light off and lay down beside him.
Tony watched him a moment then thrust the bottle out at him. "Fine. Then you can feed her the bottle."
Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes. "Whatever. No, I don't think Steve and Hammertime are idiots. I just said that even idiots could assemble that, so I think they're more than capable of doing it."
Steve stole a quick glance around the lab before he interrupted Tony's explanation with, "Thanks, but I can figure it out on my own."
throwing him out of the house."
tired. He was tired of the whole thing, the whole game, and the whole charade. He was tired of pretending. It had been fun for a while, but it was too exhausting an endeavor to keep up. Yes, he was still concerned what Hydra might do with the information that there was a little super soldier in the works, but he just wanted to go out and stroll the sidewalks of New York with Steve and not have to worry about putting on a blonde wig or pretending to be someone named 'Natasha.'
get married without me."
To his surprise, Tony just smiled at him, his mouth quirking to the side in a sort of half-smirk. "I guess it's sort of a 'If lost, please return to…' kind of a thing."
He tossed the book onto the bedside table, and Steve said, "How do you know?"
"Yeah, except he seemed to be just as happy with our lame-ass Nintendo marathons," Sam said. Bucky nodded in agreement, and Steve groaned and sat back in his chair.
Barnes frowned and looked over to where Steve was moving some smaller packages that had been piled on top of the big one, and he turned back to the others. "Maybe I should have a talk with him?"
Sam snorted a laugh. "You know that's not going to be there for us when we get old, right? You know they'll have killed it by then."
Tony hummed and said, "Customarily, you would tell me how fetching I look, and I would smile and blush a little and tell your how handsome you look. You'd ask if I've been here before, then I'd say yes, I love this place and I recommend you try the veal — but not really because eating veal is just cruel. Do you know what they do to those poor calves? Chain them and break their legs. It's horrible. How can people conscionably eat veal in this day and age? And yeah, that makes me a hypocrite because holy shit could I go for a thick porterhouse right now, but—"
much fun with me like this."
Or that's what Tony told himself.
"The Board, Tony," she said and stood beside him. "They're asking questions."
"Whatever," he said and picked up his coffee again. "Keep telling yourself that, Barton," he added and took a sip. "Incidentally," he added after he'd downed the sip, "have you blown that fourteen thousand dollars you stole from me yet?"
Afterward, with no TV and no Wi-Fi, there wasn't really a whole hell of a lot to do, and Tony honestly wasn't in the mood for sex at the moment. Maybe later, but not right then, which was a little odd considering how horny he'd been lately, but maybe he was still good from what they'd done last night? So, Steve, ever the health-conscious boy scout, suggested they take a walk.
happy."
not have been ready for
Steve shook his head and kept his mouth shut, but Tony was pretty sure he knew what Steve was going for.
"You know what, man. I sent you the text — and I
"You and Steve said you didn't want to know. I didn't bother to check."
Steve squeezed his eyes tighter, like he was trying to rid himself of an image of some kind. "Tony, please, don't."
"Steven, what are you drawing?"
he takes after you."
Wilson just stared at him, and Barton said, "Well, sounds like you won't be on JK's Christmas card list this year."
"Why? Too much?"
He shrugged and looked up and met Steve's gaze, and Steve's breath caught in his throat at the absolute beautiful picture Tony made — young, abashed, like the manic little mechanic he had fallen so hard for once upon a time.
"Yeah, and you've got a kid on your lap. I don't give a shit. We're still hot."
were to run the class?"
"More like I'm still not sure how it's possible son-of-a-bitch," Steve said, and Tony cracked open his eyes and squinted through his eyelashes at the results.
He glanced over to Steve in time to see him look up at him from his tablet. "I know," he said, sounding none-too-pleased by the name.
They stayed like that, swaying in time to the gentle rhythm, cheek-to-cheek, bodies flush with each other, and Steve didn't even realize the song had ended until another voice said from somewhere in the distance, "I can come back."
— trying to give him even the slightest bit of hope otherwise.
She shrugged. "Papa says your floor's your private sanct'ary where you gots herbs and spices t' help y' calm down 'cuz you get real angry real eas'ly. I don't go there a lot."
and… I'm old, Steve. I know we like to play this game where you insist you're a thousand years older than I am, but you're not, and even if you technically are, you've got that nice little serum running through your veins that has stunted your aging. Not only am I aging at a normal pace, but I probably put a few thousand more miles on my body than I should have back in my younger days because how the hell was I supposed to know that I was going to end up married to the world's foremost specimen of physical perfection and I'd feel like a fucking useless old man in comparison by the time I met him?"
Steve blinked and shook his head. "Sorry."
"Hey, if I let the Cap fuck me, you think he'd let me get away with whatever I wanted, too?"
Steve just reached out and took the phone from him. He started to protest, but Steve just set the phone aside and said to Barnes, "This one's always working. You should see. Sometimes, I literally have to carry him out of his lab and up to bed."
"Don't quote me on that. Believe it or not, we are actually madly, crazily, insanely in love."
Tony shrugged, glancing away from her. "Not too difficult to do. Brucie wants me on complete bed rest after the, and I quote,
"You said that little squirt claims that we're married." He began to fiddle with some of the implements laying on the table. "Not you and me, clearly, but me and…whoever this 'Daddy' person is. And that's great and all, whatever. But I just…I'm not the marrying type."
"He insisted," Steve said with a slight shrug, and Bruce continued to stare at him in confusion for a moment before he turned to Tony and said, "Tony, you do know this is an
Steve shook his head. "Don't know what you're talking about. The Dodgers stopped playing in 1957. I think the Giants moved to California— I still don't understand that. But the Dodgers?" He shook his head again. "Sorry. They haven't played since 1957."
"I don't think 'sex' counts, Tony."
fascinated by 'reality TV.' Barnes hasn't been here long enough for me to get a feel for what he does in his spare time. I…flip houses."
They both shook their heads, and Tony nodded his understanding then picked up his bag and slapped it on the table, stuffing the box into it before he took a deep breath and braced himself on the table to push himself to his feet.
"Hey, whoa!" he said and put his hands on either of her small shoulders. "No, I'm fine, baby. I just…" He made a hesitant face and scratched the back of his head. "I
. He was a fucking old man with a misshapen and scarred chest and graying hair and a flabby gut and this —
Steve did, and brown and blue once again did a dance together before Tony added, "That's not happening. I'm not going to let it happen. Anyone wants to take me away from you, they're going to have a hell of a fight on their hands. And you know how I can get when someone tries to take away my stuff."
"He did— He is. He's parking the car."
was fucking dead as a doornail — or so everyone thought — and Steve had been pushing forward with his life.
She nodded and strode across the room, that strange tinkling sound following after her. She came to a stop before the large floor-to-ceiling plate glass windows, and she looked out over the dreary cityscape of a mild but rainy Christmas Day and said, "The Son of Odin says you are troubled."
"Yeah, Steve? Look, I just need you to— No, he's fine. He's OK. We went out for— Yes, he's going to be angry you found out, but right now I need you to— Wait, Steve, listen— Steve, I have to warn you, a reporter spotted us. Huh? Yeah, she, she got something out of him. What? Your appointment at the ob/gyn's. Yeah, Tony wasn't thinking. She was trying to trap him, and he didn't figure it out in time. No, I'm trying to— I'll explain when we get there. Here, I just need you to— Yeah, if you could."
said it was too cold for me to run around in just this dress and you slapped your jacket on me."
He stopped talking and shrugged a little, slightly abashed and maybe even a little insecure, and he wouldn't meet Tony's eyes after that, preferring instead to stare at the arm that rested on his shoulder.
"Captain America is your daddy?" he asked slowly, less for her sake than for his own because… yeah, this was…this was not making sense in his head. Clearly Tony's feelings for the Cap were not as purely based in animosity as he was trying to tell himself, but...wasn't the Cap straight?
Now, he was face-to-face with the man that had pulled the trigger, the man that had made him an orphan, the man that had put a multi-million dollar company into his hands at the age of twenty- one. Here was the man that had taken his mother from him, and all he could think, all he could do, all he wanted—
for you!"
"What's that mean?" Bruce asked as Thor crunched on another slice of bacon.
Natasha rolled her eyes and muttered something in Russian that Steve was pretty sure translated into 'stupid goddamned boys' before she turned her attention back to the TV. Thor was just sitting there watching the events unfold with amusement lighting up his face, and it was at that moment that a phone left on the coffee table began to beep, and Sam whined while Bucky made some sort or weird, smug laughing sound and sat up, reaching his hands out to Sam.
"Yeah, but we're married," Tony reminded him then took the first bite of his bagel.
of my child could go take them back for me."
in the middle of it, would he? Sure, Steve had been desperate to get his friend back, and he'd gone to extreme lengths for him, and he'd ultimately chosen Bucky over him, but he wouldn't actually…
"It's fine. No one's going to care about it in a week's time."
"Say I'm on the team."
"I spend more time with her, if that's what you mean. Just the way it works out. I don't go out avenging as much as I used to. I think it's more you get to be the 'fun' one and I have to be the 'responsible' one, if you can believe it."
is going to happen to us."
"Sorry," Steve said with a curt shake of his head. "No can do. How 'bout a 7-Up or a Sprite?"
Tony nodded and went into the kitchen, and Steve went over to the bottom of the stairs, Olivia’s continued cries sending a sharp pain right into his heart.
"Like a fucking lead balloon. Kept insisting Bruce wanted to know and that wasn't something that should be hidden from the guy. I said, yeah, I understand that, honey, but you don't have to be so…
"Didn't have any reason not to. But that was…" He swallowed. "That was her, wasn't it? Chirping about her…daddy."
She swallowed but nodded a little more. "All right. That's the way we'll play it. That's what we'll—" She shrugged a bit. "She did say you two were soul mates, and if you can feel that Steve's still alive, then that's good enough for me."
" He faltered for anything to say. "Uh…you don't normally visit me?"
Tony knew he meant about the adoption thing, but he exhaled a breath and said, "Oh, thank god! I thought you were serious about that birthing class."
," she muttered, ensuring that the 'V' of the bodice was even and his ample cleavage was centered. She even taped the straps, which were gathered at the shoulder with a thin strap of satin, and Tony suddenly felt more like a show piece than he ever had in his life, especially when the assistant sewed some kind of rhinestone-encrusted scroll-like, flowery accent piece to the band just beneath and to the side of his left breast.
When Tony met Steve Rogers, he had tried to hate him. He really had. But he couldn’t keep himself from just… falling in love with Steve. Not the hero worship that he had as a kid, but actual love. He loved the way Steve would try to draw the team when he thought they wouldn’t notice, and the look he got when he felt he had accomplished something. Hell, Tony even loved the way Steve’s brow would get this little crinkle in it when he was confused about something.
“Tony?” He heard Steve say as his body went limp, the words like static in his ears. “Tony, stay with me! Tony?! Jarvis call an ambulance!”
Pulling out the walkman, Tony listened to the tape inside. God, Hooked on a Feeling? Why couldn't the Guardians have good taste in music? This was, like, the only cassette. What, did they just listen to it on repeat? Not that it mattered, since he was planning on recording over it.
Peter giggled, spreading his arms as far as he could before Tony’s arms hurt a little, and he had to put him down. Pepper smiled, leaving them to their bonding.
“No, see, this isn’t a game. You do not send in civilian equipment into my active war zone. You understand that?”
“Okay,” Weasel said as he set down the phone. “Which ones?”
“Hey,” Tony said, pointing to one he remembered. “Ben.”
“But Tony and I made the pact to not keep secrets from each other is possible.” There was a pause as Bucky gave Pops a pointed look, making him sigh. “You’re right… I’m just… worried. Like, how did they meet? Why does Tony trust him? Why ignore the things he’s done?”
Rhodey scowled at him, even as Peter gave a little ‘bye-bye, Uncle Rhodey’. And with that, Tony turned and left. He drove back to Malibu, and set up in the garage. The project file was ready, on a secure server, and he opened it up. Once he was sure that Peter was safe in his little space, Tony really got to work.
They did, eventually, pull his mothers car out of the canyon in California. It was completely wrecked, and all that could be salvaged of his mother was bones. Still, they held a funeral. It was the least they could do.
"But the serum will heal you," Tony found himself saying. "Or, there's surgery. You're going to heal."
That Wednesday had seemed promising, as they got to less then an hour before Steve was supposed to meet Tony in the garage. But, Tony had gone on a run with Peter and Bilgy and some guy had tried to purse snatch Peter's backpack while they were resting in a park. The two Starks had ended up spending three hours explaining to the police why, no, they can't just take the leather jacket away from Bilgy. I know it's evidence, but do you really wanna try and take it away from a 1000 pound Bilgesnipe that's basically a puppy?
Tony blinked, eyes widening. Before he could think about what he was saying, his mouth opened. “Okay.”
“I thought you said you were done making weapons.”
He wondered for a moment, bumping into a few people, getting ugly and annoyed looks. He didn't know anyone here, and a lot of the other teens seemed to know at least one other person. Even though everyone was together in the room, Peter felt so… isolated.
When Peter came to, it was to the sound of his phone ringing. The familiar beat of I Am Iron Man startled him awake, and he nearly fell over when he stood to get the phone. Why had he been on the floor?
Tony sighed. “Friday, suit please…”
STARK: My device does not fit that description.
After accidentally creating a death bot, Tony had spent much to long not sleeping to track the sucker down. Then, he found out that Ultron was gathering vibranium, and had to make the shittiest call ever to T’Chaka, who he’d met only a few times, when the Wakandans were trying to hunt down Klaue before. And talking to the Wakandan king was an absolute shit storm, and it sucked.
“Go get your suit,” Steve grumbled, turning to get his own. “We’re taking him in.”
“Yeah,” he said, though it was more grim then smug like Wade would have thought. “The lady he had with him found the picture that I keep of you on the back mirror. She recognized Peter in it. They want to get to you by finding him.”
Steve, who was walking a heavily sedated Bucky in with the help of Sam, frowned. Welp, that wasn't a happy Steve. But the look was quickly gone, and they walked Bucky into the elevator. Tony went with to help, punching in the code to Barnes floor.
But he didn’t. He blinked, and held up the ring in his own hand, and watched Steve’s eyes slowly drop to the ring. He blinked, then looked up at Tony, eyes wide and bright and a grin splitting his face. Steve shot to his feet, sweeping Tony up in his arms to kiss him, only to spin him around and kiss him again as he laughed.
will be as important as you and our family."
. Your face is the stuff of nightmares.”
Bruce was leaning over him, hands moving out of Tony's sight. Coulson was there, standing and speaking hurriedly into his ear piece. He wasn't sure what Coulson was saying, but it seemed important. Maybe he should get up and help.
“Give me a Scotch,” Tony said, then reaching down to pat Peter’s head. “And an empty cup, plastic if you have it, with olives? This little guy loves ‘em.”
All around, white walls, while ceiling, while curtains, white tile, white sheets. Really, everything was white. Which was probably the first clue Tony had that he was in a hospital. The second was probably the faint beep of a heart monitor somewhere to his right.
“What?” Rhodey asked, all humor gone. “You a humanitarian now or something?”
“I didn’t expect that.”
“You don’t know what you’re doing.”
“After we had our… night, when I went to the doctor, it wasn't because I thought I was pregnant. I'd been feeling sick, of course, but the reason for that was-” Pepper paled, voice shaking. “-was because I was dying of bone cancer. I hadn't noticed it before, no doctor had, but to get treatment would mean that I would need to have an abortion, and I couldn't do it. Because even if I did treat it, my chances of survival would only be an extra year.
So he walked inside the school lobby, and was absorbed into the mass of twenty other 14 year olds. There was a group of six adults talking at the front of the room, each looking at least vaguely familiar. If these were teachers that were chaperoning, it would make sense since his dad wanted him to go somewhere with a good science plan.
With a sigh mixed with relief and sadness, Tony laid his head back on the wall. One hand came up, gently holding the pouch that hung around his neck.
When he got to the desk, where the case with his ‘Best Heart’ trophy was, he tried to grab it. He did. But he couldn’t reach, and laid on the floor. Then, a soft whirring sounded above him. The case appeared in his peripheral vision, and Tony nearly cried when he saw Dummy, looking down at him with his camera, claw turning ever so slightly.
"And you still haven't. You startled the hell out of Steve Rogers, though."
He looked down at the little infant greedily slurping down her bottle, and he furrowed his brow and added, "Honestly, though, now I'm not so sure."
"Hey, I am totally— Nah, man, I'm not getting suckered into arguing with you."
"Think he could be a liability?"
"So, tell everyone a little about yourselves and your pregnancy story."
I'm happy. I'd love you no matter what."
, no, not a little super soldier. I don't… We're not raising him that way. He's going to have free will and choice and he's not going to have to keep looking over his shoulder because someone somewhere might want to take him and use him for their own gain. Maybe he'll take after the way I am now. Maybe he'll take after the way I was then. I don't know. But he's not just a little super soldier. He's a baby. He's our baby, and that's the way we're going to raise him."
Tony found himself, over the course of the next couple weeks, staring at his profile in the bathroom mirror after a shower and trying to see, well,
taking Iron Man away from me."
Steve just laughed, and he tugged Tony closer and then put his hand around the back of Tony's neck to bring their mouths together, and before he kissed him, he murmured exactly one word against Tony's lips.
"Well, he is Steve's little homemaker," Nat teased with a small smile on her face.
"You're…cooking?" Bruce asked and shared a look with Rhodey. Rhodey shrugged, and Olivia sat in her own little world as she continued to eat her waffle.
he'd fallen in love with the little blonde that bore such a resemblance to him.
Tony just patted his shoulder. "Mmm…let me think about it, yeah? A year ago, I would have said yes, have your wicked way with me however you want, but now it…"
"Yeah, but that's what I have you for," Steve said with an easy shrug and stepped back out of the room.
"Guess not."
vanilla, but Tony was, too. Maybe more than he was. Steve was always the one to have brought up the more adventurous bedroom routines, not Tony. Tony went along with them, and Tony usually ended up liking them, but Steve was the one that would bring them up, that would assure Tony that it would be OK and they would enjoy it and that Tony could say 'no' whenever he wanted to.
"You know, it didn't seem that way at the time. And for the record, I'm not sure if I'm talking about back then or last night."
Rogers, Steven G.
"Hmm? Oh," he said and blushed a little, "Bucky. What you did for Bucky today."
Hold on, the Army
"You did!" Tony crowed, amazement filling his voice. "Steven Stark-Rogers, I'm going to wear you down yet!"
Tony chewed and swallowed and said, "Like that. The other way. I should have stayed."
"Which," Tony said, swizzle stick still at his lips, "goes to show you how confident I am that I'm right and that asshole is not."
He fumbled with the catches and was able to get it off, which was quite the feat to do while flat on his back with his legs spread wide, and he dropped it on the floor beside the bed and reached up to cup his own breasts.
And was promptly given reason to never, ever cradle their child in his arms without wearing at least a t-shirt.
"I think we gotta tell him," Sam said, but Bucky shook his head. "No, he doesn't need to know."
He nodded and tweaked a smile at her pronouncement then frowned as he realized that, like clockwork, he had to pee. Again.
They went quiet, the sound of the song filling the expanse once again, and Steve found that with the rest of Tony's body so close to his that it was silly to have their hands so far away. Tony's hand still in his, he pulled it against his chest, tight, firm, and OK, maybe just the slightest bit protective or possessive or maybe a combination of the two. Tony glanced at him in surprise, and he froze and waited for the genius to pull away from him and say, "Whoa, Cap, what do you think you're doing here?" but Tony's gaze went from his eyes down to his mouth, and Steve watched in confusion as Tony reached up the slightest bit and pressed his cheek against Steve's. Steve startled at that — that was not what he'd been expecting — but as the song shifted into another verse, he adjusted his arms just the slightest bit so that he was holding Tony as close as he could, his hand spayed wide and firm over the small of Tony's back, and rubbed his cheek against Tony's, the two settling into a rather intimate embrace. He didn't know what Tony's aim was here — maybe Tony was just playing along and showing him what he could expect the next time he did this with someone else — but he decided to take what he could from it. He closed his eyes, breathed in Tony's scent, and pretended, if just for a moment, that this wasn't only make believe, that Tony was his, that he was Tony's, that Tony felt for him even half of what he felt for Tony.
you to support him. He needs to make things right with Barnes, but he needs
"Hmm…humans in general? Not as such. You're not
"It wasn't supposed to be backhanded," he said and leaned forward a little. He reached out with an unsure and tentative hand like he wanted to brush his finger against Olivia's cheek. Tony considered this a moment then said, "You want to hold her?"
Steve, ever eager to please his lover, did not have to be asked twice.
"Physically, I'm a real girl," he corrected. "I've got the right parts and, oh, yeah, there's the little matter of me being
"Uh…" Tony blinked. "Is that a problem?"
"I guess SHIELD really prepared you guys for everything and anything, didn't they?" Bruce mused.
"How?" Bruce asked, face pinched in confusion. He looked to Steve and said a sincere, "No offense," then turned his attention back to Tony and said, "But
He reached out and tucked behind her ear a few of the stray strands of hair that had escaped the ponytail holder. "Should probably see about getting you some new clothes, yeah? You've been running around in that for the last day-and-a-half."
"Um, I'm sorry," someone said, and Tony turned back to see it was someone sitting in the front row. "Are you trying to tell us that—"
"OK, just once more to make sure you're OK," he said and tweaked a smile. "You have a sister?"
Tony shrugged. "Well, whatever. Point is, I know Howard's your bro, but I can't see him as anything other than that guy that provided half my DNA but didn't give a shit about me otherwise, so don't expect me to tell you any great stories about how wonderful a guy he was or how much I loved him or how lucky I am to have him as a father. I mean, yeah, I'm lucky, but only because the guy was fucking loaded, and I got a much better start in life — from an economic standpoint — than, well,
"I bought it."
He slammed open the shower door and went over to the toilet, and before he could even get the seat up, he vomited into the bowl, sinking to his knees from the force of it and gagging by the time he'd finished. There were tears in his eyes now, a natural effect of the vomiting rather than anything emotional, and the soap he hadn't rinsed off his body was dripping onto the floor, creating a puddled mess.
"Are you absolutely certain this is what you want? And are you even sure this is the same crackpot?"
He shook his head some and said, "
pain, anyway, not having-a-hole- carved-into-your-chest-in-a-cave-in-Afghanistan pain — and he wasn't really sick outside of some light nausea here and there. His husband still found him attractive, and he himself had been able to find the appeal of dabbling in his more stereotypically feminine desires, and there was nothing he could do as a man that he couldn't do as a woman. So really, at this point, it mostly came down to principle: if Tony had chosen this for himself, it would be one thing, and it would be totally and completely welcome. But he hadn't. It had been forced on him, and he wasn't sure that there wouldn't always be some resentment there because of that, no matter how positive an experience it had been overall.
"My point is that he doesn't get that look around you. He never did. Even back when you two were measuring your dicks on the helicarrier, it was the most alert he'd been since the whole thing with Loki started."
Steve stopped cutting. He glanced up, his line of sight focused ahead of him like he was contemplating something rather than actually looking at something, and he took a breath and cleared his throat.
Steve shrugged. "I, uh, I don't know," he said, speaking like his throat was coated in gravel.
Barton shrugged. "Mostly so Stark gets laid. He's much easier to deal with when he's sexually satisfied. More inclined to make cool things for us, too."
"Uh, I'm not exactly familiar with the layout of this place, plus, it's dark and noisy—"
"Howard," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. "I'm like him. I never wanted to be, but I am. I'm so much like him."
"Not sure how I should take that," he said, and Tony shrugged and squeezed his hand some more.
"Yeah, but it doesn't sound as kinky when you say it that way. My way is sexier."
Tony furrowed his brow. "Point?"
Cap bio. I never got around to reading it 'cause I had, you know, a
shabby — well, when he was younger and before he'd damaged it with booze and arc reactors — but this body was actually kind of gorgeous. In fact, one of JARVIS's scans had even shown an almost perfect symmetry, with his bust-to-waist-to-hips ratio the culturally agreed upon ideal. His dark hair was thick and glossy with only the slightest of natural waves, and his facial features had been softened and brightened, his brows thinned, his lips slightly plumper, but his eyes were the same brown that caught different shades depending upon the light and his eyelashes still thick and black and curly.
"Yeah, I know. Language. I know. What'd I tell you about hanging on my every word?" He began to search through the cupboards. "I'm sure we've got some herbal brew around here."
Tony huffed and shook his head in slight irritation. "Yeah, fine, your 'gramps.' The guy that had these photos. Who was he?"
"And yet," she murmured quietly, "I don't see you going to any federal investigators with this information."
to each other."
Steve just took another not-so-surreptitious glance at the other side of the road. "Do you want me to carry you?" he asked without looking at him. "I'll carry you."
Not one man that attended that meeting with the witch believed her powers extended to granting man the ability to conceive a child, and there was much discussion with the other members of Council whether attempting such a feat was even worth it. It would not cost much in terms of time or effort to follow the instructions she had supplied them with. A few drops in a cup of wine each night for seven nights. A pinch of the proffered herbs on the meal plate of the Chancellor and three on the plate of the King. What was supposed to happen after that was up to God himself, and so the Councilors did as they were instructed. Two drops of the amber liquid were put into the King's wine glass at supper. If the King noticed a change in the taste of the beverage, he said nothing. For seven nights, they followed this. On the seventh night, they sprinkled one pinch of herbs over the meal presented to the High Chancellor. Three pinches went over the meal presented to the King. For all they knew, they were slowly poisoning their God-anointed monarch, and for that, they would face not only the law of man but the judgment of God Himself, but the King seemed to be in exceedingly good spirits that night, laughing and talking and gazing even more lovingly than usual at his high chancellor. The King and the Chancellor retired at their usual hour, heading in separate directions as always, though only an idiot would think they weren't intending to meet up. Once most of the staff had retired for the night, the Councilors quietly made their way to the chapel, lit candles, and prayed for understanding and penance from God, whose very law they may have just questioned.
Well, it was technically younger than what JARVIS had even said at the beginning of this.
He nodded then said, "Look, about earlier— I just wanted to say, I wasn't— I wasn't really thinking of going back. He caught me off-guard and—"
is that 'not that bad'? Explain to me how that's 'not that bad.'"
Barnes motioned at Steve and said, "He's too far away. Someone cover his ears for me. I don't want him hearing this stuff 'til he's older."
Slowly, almost unsure of himself, he began to shake the bottle again, and he stuck it in the warmer and turned to his daughter, who, from where she sat in her highchair, had a spectacular view of the living room and the glimmering decorations therein. She sat, evidently staring at the tree, and Steve reached over and brushed a hand lightly over the top of her head, making her turn her attention back to him. She looked at him in a little curiosity before she turned back to whatever it was she had been staring at, and he brushed his hand from the top of her head and down the side of her face so that the backs of his fingers grazed her chubby little cheek, and he murmured, "You know, you really are the most important thing in the world to me — you and your papa. I know you guys could survive without me, but I...I'm not sure I could survive without you."
He sat back in his seat as the driver pulled into traffic, and he smirked in pride at Tony, who pulled his oversized sunglasses off only to show Steve how hard he was rolling his eyes at him. Yeah, nice tough-guy act, you overgrown boy scout. Though he guess he should count himself lucky. Steve could have offered to
"Oh, don't be so down on yourself," Bruce said. "Maybe all you need is a personality transplant and the right man or woman is out there waiting for you."
"It's
And came away with the flavor of carbonated lemon-lime.
Steve seemed to sense there was something unsettling behind his warning, but he still gave a concise nod and said, "Of course."
"Don't listen to them,
"I don't know if it's such a good thing to—"
He woke up in the night, Steve asleep beside him, and maybe because he'd slept so much during the day yesterday, but he was unable to fall back to sleep with ease. He tossed and turned a bit and tried not to be too obvious about it so that he wouldn't wake Steve up, and if he did at any point, Steve was a good sport at pretending not to be bothered in the least.
Steve glanced in his direction then shrugged and set the cookies down next to the plate of bagels. Olivia still had half her cookie in her grasp, and she shoved it at Steve's mouth like she was urging him to eat it. He made a face at the soggy mess that hit his lips, and he pulled his head back a little and said, "No, why don't you eat that?"
Steve shrugged. "Something like that," he said around a mouthful of burger.
"And where were you?"
And, much as he hated to admit it, it had felt good.
"Ten weeks? That's practically the end of the first trimester. Did all that shit really go down over two months ago?" He shook his head and pressed his face into his hands. "Jesus," he muttered. "How is this my fucking life?"
"I don't absolutely refuse," he said and picked up the bottle from the table. "And language."
" and even Steve seemed just a little disappointed as he told JARVIS, "Thank you, JARVIS."
Steve motioned around them. "It's night-time. We're in bed. You have all the time in the world. You just don't
"Keep forgetting there's not a real person behind that voice," Barnes muttered, glancing upward even though the voice was in his ear.
The room went silent, the only noise being the HVAC system and the New Age-y music attempting to create a soothing ambiance for the show. Finally, after it seemed the silence had gone on for too long, a woman said, "So…why did you keep it? Why didn't you make her turn you back?"
"I'm— I'm sorry. Are you implying that Miss Carbonell is—"
Still, he didn't want to wake him up just for that, so he slumped back down into the bed and lay there, and he pushed his pants and his underpants down to his thighs, but he couldn't get his legs spread widely enough to get the right angle that he so desperately needed, and so with an anguished groan, he shucked his pants and underpants and shoved them down to the end of the bed then bent his legs and spread them as wide as he could without disturbing Steve and began to finger himself. He closed his eyes and used Steve's presence beside him to imagine that it was Steve's hand on him, Steve's hand that was stroking him, Steve's fingers that were working him.
He was currently standing in the doorway to the outdoor quinjet landing pad in his pajamas, scowling at his friends and teammates as they were all fully geared, ready to go. They were all going on a mission, to face Thanos, without him. Steve was standing in front of him, looking at least a little guilty.
“Tony,” Obie said quickly. “What are you…”
“Everything alright, Mr. Parker?” Mrs. Warren asked, stepping up beside him.
At least he found the bar of soap.
Just as they reached the end of the stairs, Wade felt his legs sway under him. His vision blurred and he had to hold onto the railing at the bottom to try and steady himself. Something was wrong. Something was… seriously wrong…
It was a really nice floor, in all honesty. A built in kitchen, a bedroom with everything an ex-brainwashed assassin could ever want, a spare room ready to be used for anything, and the bathroom! Oh boy, the bathroom was fucking awesome. Wide tub, double sprayers, and a steam setting that even Tony was jealous of. It had originally been meant for Tony and Peter, but they reconstruction had gotten the crew a bit mixed up of where the state of the art bathroom was meant to be. The penthouse still had a nice bathroom. Well, two bathrooms. One connected with the master bedroom, and one in the hall.
“The suit’s at 48% power and falling, sir,” the AI said truthfully. “That chest piece was never designed for sustained flight.”
Francis grins, lifting his head to meet the pistol. “What’s my name?”
Practically skipping inside, Tony hums and smiles, wondering what things they could have inside. Something cool that he could take apart with Peter, hopefully. He missed his son, and he was much to bored without their daily father-son experiments. Maybe this secret room had just the thing they needed?
“Spidey?”
Tony snorted.
“Who are you?” the guy asked, looking starry eyed as he stared.
Steve walked up to the small group huddled together in one corner of the helicarrier. It had been done quite subtly, but when he and Tony had started fighting, the team had split down the middle. Sam, Bucky, and Clint, had sided with Steve, become a sort of ‘Team Cap’, while Natasha, Rhodes, and Bruce had sided with Tony. Thor, of course, had been an unofficial neutral party, not really understanding what was going on.
"I'm not a kid anymore, Buck," he said, and Tony glanced over and saw he was checking trending topics on social media, no doubt hoping to see #JabbatheSlut dying a much-deserved death.
Steve snorted a laugh. "You're fine. All I have to do is run one hand up the inside of your thigh, and you'll be good to go."
"You can't argue with facts, babe. Hawkeye is not nearly as cool as Iron Man. Never was; never will be."
Tony just rolled his eyes, and Steve opened the door and ushered them in. He found a lamp and switched it on then closed the door up behind them and locked it. Tony squinted his eyes at the assaulting light, and he looked around what appeared to be a kitchen in a rather state-of-the-art cabin that was mocked up to look somewhat rustic.
He nodded his understanding, and he took another bite of his bagel and looked over the mess of paper and presents. "What a waste," he muttered around a mouthful of food.
Tony just shook his head, and he took another sip from his own glass as he took Steve's and went back toward the kitchen to fill up again.
"'Yes,'
He stopped short and clamped his mouth shut, but even in the dim light of early morning, Tony could see a slight flush creeping over his ears and the apples of his cheeks.
Jesus, what could she
He wasn't, his friend having fallen asleep on the couch, and Tony thought about waking him up, but he decided not to disturb him. He shot a glance back at the steps and thought about going back to bed, but every time he closed his eyes, he saw that fucking mothership exploding in flames, and not wanting to chance another nightmare that would wake up Olivia again, he stumbled his way over to the elevator and went down to his workshop.
"Yeah," he said and turned to face Tony, "but it's just—" He stopped short and shook his head, and he seemed to give some thought to what he wanted to say before he continued, "If my ma were here, I think she'd secretly buy up every variation she could get her hands on. She wouldn't have the money to waste, but she'd still do it. Buck would probably just shake his head at that."
But Doctor Ganford just smiled at what she probably perceived as their idiocy and said, "Don't worry. It's very human. And very perfect. Would you like to see?"
"Says the man that spent two days painting a room for me." Steve shrugged.
Steve took a gentle hold of his arm and turned him toward him. Their gazes met, and Tony saw there concern and, if he was being honest with himself, a little bit of sorrow.
Tony rolled his eyes as Steve then began to pull up the name and information on his tablet. "Look at you switching from one piece of tech to another."
"How are— You— You're already— How were you able to— You actually looked like you wanted—" Pepper sputtered, directing her attention to Natasha, who just shrugged.
"Be right back," Steve said, and Tony was left bent over, belly and breasts hanging, plug in his ass, while Steve apparently went back to the bathroom and washed up again. He came back in a few moments and said, "Have to be more careful about this, as it turns out."
Tony chewed the bite of pancake then pulled the platter of eggs and toast closer and dug into that. "I can't believe out of everything last night, the two of us standing in front of the elevators is what gets everybody into an uproar."
"Because! It doesn't. Look, Skynyrd isn't exactly Zeppelin or Sabbath, but it's still not— You're from
"Relax," Bucky said as he sat back down. "He's still in the building somewhere. Jesus, I know you're quick, but you're not
Rhodey just looked at him pointedly, like he was waiting for him to come to some kind of realization. Tony just stared right back at him and said, "What?" as he took a sip of coffee.
Sexual relationships were a different thing entirely. He hadn't had a lot of 'long-term' relationships— Yeah, OK, outside of Pepper and Steve, he hadn't had any. He'd had flings, though, affairs that had lasted more than a few hours, and he'd always found the silence that came between bouts of fucking to be kind of off-putting and uncomfortable. If he wasn't talking or fucking, what good was he to anyone? And so he talked. A lot. About anything and everything, really. Nervous conversation was hell of a lot better than nervous silence.
"What if she doesn't want either one of you?" Hill asked.
" Steve asked around a mouthful of food.
"Exactly. Someday you'll admit that I did the right thing."
"Eh, you're allowed. Doesn't mean you're right, but you're allowed to disagree."
"Why do I feel like that's his excuse for everything?" Barnes said.
Tony raised an eyebrow. "Are you saying I'm
"Is Jarbus gonna know how to get it here?"
Bucky rolled his eyes and sighed. "I fucking hate you two."
Bruce was silent another beat before he said, "I still don't think it's a good idea, Tony. She's not the same Olivia. I mean, I'd thought this entire time that she might be… But clearly based on, well, circumstance, she's not."
Tony could do nothing except ladle another spoon of batter onto the waffle iron. "I suppose," he muttered.
"That was a good six or seven hours ago, Tony," Bruce said because he was a sniveling do- gooder that liked to see him suffer. "I wouldn't turn down a slice."
She just gave him a look like that was something he should obviously know. "Why y' askin' me?"
," Barton said over the comm line. "
It had seemed an easy fix at first. Surely, the son of a commoner would be ill-suited to politics and, thus, could easily be disregarded and removed from his post. But Steven, Earl of Brooklynd, King Howard's own protégé and his most fearsome knight, was more than just a 'pretty face.' He was wise beyond his years, quick and cunning like a fox, and ruthless when the occasion called for it. The son of a commoner, the people of the realm felt him to be one of their own, and his popularity knew no bounds. It was he and his band of men, a group someone had named the 'Avengers,' that had retaken the southern lands from the band of mercenaries whose crest bore the awful image of the many-headed Hydra.
A feeling began to build inside of him, starting small and growing almost exponentially, a yearning warmth pooling in his belly and growing to overtake his whole person. He groaned a little and arched his back, panting harder, desperate, Steve's strokes matching the frantic pace of his heart, and as disgustingly wanton as he was sure anyone had ever been, he came with an obscene whimper, arching his back and bearing his neck, squeezing his eyes shut and calling out Steve's name like a prayer, hands clutching the sheets so hard he was sure his knuckles had gone white.
"Yeah, you just stormed on through, laid one smack on me, and then disappeared right back where you'd come from. I mean, then again, if I
"I don't think you should speak for the group on that," Barton said, and she rolled her eyes and waved him off.
Steve watched him a second, seeming to consider his words before he said, "Well, I wish he wouldn't use us."
"Well, you never know, there could be one going on in the next ballroom over."
Steve looked over at him then reached out and grabbed a slice of toast.
God almighty, there was a part of him that wished his mother was there with him at that moment, that at the very least wished his mother had lived. Take his father, spare his mother. Let his mother be there for him. Let her comfort him. Let her tell him how well he was doing. Let her stroke his hair and soothe him with her soft voice. No matter how crazy this was, no matter how little she would have believed it (no matter how disappointed she would have been that his father's lifelong obsession had been the one to do this to him because in her heart of hearts, she would always believe that her Tony deserved better) let her be there. Let her be there to support him and comfort him and assure him that everything was going well, that everything was fine, that soon he would get to meet his baby boy.
Rhodey just sat back in the chair. "She has an early day tomorrow. Has to be somewhere by four. Asked if we could do lunch."
How did women deal with this?
"How strange."
"You and me both, babe," Tony replied and turned to press a gentle kiss against his cheek, the scratch of facial hair oddly titillating. "Twelve months of different-flavored jellies, courtesy of our 'best pal'? I think we're the luckiest sons-of-bitches in the world."
"I don't know," Pepper replied. "I'm not sure he's been to a foundation gala in five years. Why he would chose to come this year…"
"Mmm…might be easier to do if it was produced by some bullshit outfit instead of Twentieth-Century Fox."
Jesus, it was almost enough to wish he was back in that cave in Afghanistan with a car battery attached to his heart. Almost.
He suspected, later on when Howard, Maria, and Jarvis had all died in that horrible wreck, that Tony mourned the loss of Jarvis more than he mourned both his parents.
he didn't want to face Howard any more than he had to.
Tony hummed and said, "Yeah, guess that wouldn't really support a wife and kids, would it?"
"I don't regret a goddamned thing."
"Aw, man," Barton whined.
Tony just grabbed a slice of bacon and took a loud, crunchy bite of it but said nothing.
He kind of wanted to lay the whole thing out in the open right then and there. Grab the microphone from the bandstand and make a general announcement not related to all the good works the donors' funds would support in the upcoming year. Would it shut people up? God, no! They were lucky if even a fraction of the people that heard the news that 'Natasha Carbonell' was really Tony Stark actually believed it.
"But it's not untrue," Natasha said and caught his attention. He turned to her, and there was a softness in her green irises, and he believed her that he wasn't entirely defending Steve, just explaining the situation.
"Tony—"
"Eh, he knows what it means, J. Let him stew for a while."
Steve, holding Tony's bag, said a nervous, "Are you sure?"
"Yeah."
home!" Olivia insisted, and Cap just laughed and said, "No, we're not."
"My friends," he said as he set Mjolnir on the table, "I am afraid I return the bearer of bad news."
Tony just stared at him, not really sure what to say, and Barnes chuckled some to himself.
"Are you OK? I didn't hurt you or anything, did I?"
good right about now that wanted to see how far Natasha would go.
Steve and Barnes didn't return until dusk, and wherever they'd gone and whatever they'd done, it had seemed to put Barnes in a better mood. He was at least smiling with Steve when they crossed back over the threshold that evening, and Tony, who had busied himself playing on his phone the entire time Steve had been gone, just looked up and gave them a cursory nod of acknowledgement.
"Yeah," Barton called out, "but you can't have a party on a Thursday. Cap said so."
want to get married eventually. I did want a family."
fix it, but I don't know about 'no time flat.' They probably weren't using Stark technology in that thing. Fuck, for all I know it was Hammer tech, and if that's the case, we're better off starting from scratch."
He gave him a flat, smug smirk then turned around and went back to fiddling with the engine, and Steve ground his teeth together and ran a hand through his hair before he said, “If we’re going to be on a team together—”
to cook your breakfast."
job," Steve said and gave his hand a little squeeze, "and I am so proud of you I could bust. You are just…amazing at how you're handling this, and I'm just…in awe of how you're able to do it. And I am never, ever going to leave you. You're stuck with me 'til the end of time, whether you like it or not, and you can always, always count on me to back you up one hundred percent."
He made a few exaggerated retching sounds and said, "That's different."
"I will pull you out of that tenement way of thinking if it's the last thing I do."
of all things.
for him.
"Not a mutiny," Barton countered. "I'm just saying
But Steve… Steve didn't even want to touch him. Didn't even want to think about him like that. Just told him to go take a long, hot shower and he would have everything here waiting for him when he got out.
"It doesn't look like a spider," he said and let Olivia go back to crunching on it. "It looks more like the silhouette of a woman."
," which, of course, had to be heard by Steve, who, attempting to mask his own pain said, "
He sighed and left the lab, and he took the elevator up to the penthouse and took a deep breath to steel himself for whatever stupidity his friends had gotten themselves into this time. Probably Natasha had Wilson in a headlock and wouldn't let go or Thor had put his hammer on Barton's chest and was refusing to take it off. That second was
"Well, not this time," Steve said then nodded at the picture ahead of them and said, "Who's this?"
Bruce frowned and went to say something but nothing came out of his mouth, and Wilson nodded and put a hand to his shoulder and murmured, "I got this," to him then said, "I think what the doc is trying to say is that you and Cap, doing your thing, it's kinda like something we can count on, you know? Shit gets too real or fucked up, it's — it's like it's something—"
Steve snatched the tablet away from him.
Steve exhaled a breath and speared a fried dumpling then dipped it in some sauce. "She wasn't the type to suffer fools gladly, that's for sure. She was tough. She had to be. My dad died in the war, so it was just us. She worked. She was always working. She wasn't impressed by flash. She thought people like that had it too easy. Didn't understand the value of hard work."
He giggled a little as he thought about this. He couldn't really figure out any other appropriate reaction, and the other three quirked confused and concerned looks at him, but he shook his head and said, "Nothing. Just… Only something Steve could really appreciate."
her?"
Tony's goddamned penthouse."
He left off what didn't need to be said, and he waited while Tony processed his, his chin wobbling like he was trying so very, very hard not to lose control of himself, and he blinked several times, averted his gaze, and then finally let out with the most venomous, "
"Is artistic stuff hereditary?" he asked as he sprinkled sugar over a Christmas tree.
"Whatever," he muttered and pressed closer to Steve, resting his head on his shoulder as he rocked with Steve to a rhythm that didn't fit the song that was playing oh-so-quietly around them. "J?" he murmured into the darkness. "Maybe change it up to something more appropriate for slow dancing?"
He let out a loud and wanton moan, practically crying Steve's name—
"Why not? I just assumed it was an open secret— And 'secret' isn't really the right word because I'm not trying to keep it from anybody. I just never went blabbing about it. Anyway, I sort of… It's very…"
," he finally said, crystalline blue eyes boring into his. "Don't
Tony sobered and sat back up. "I suddenly don't know if that's you being old or you taking pointers from our resident wannabe hippy."
"Hope I joined at the free DVD set level and not the tote bag level," Rhodey said.
"Sorry," Steve murmured and dropped his hands away.
"Fuck, no wonder it took so damned long," he muttered and yawned. He'd slept for almost four hours in the car, but that didn't mean he wouldn't turn down another four in a nice, comfy bed.
"Well, there you go."
"Yes, I would! I'm getting a headache from all the reactionary testosterone in here. I don't know how you can stand it."
"Ye— uh,
than Iron Man. That I reached higher than I had any right to and you settled far below what you had any right to.
Steve rolled his eyes and shook his head, and Sam laughed and said, "Yeah, man, it's cool. You got my twenty bucks?"
, "—they're a little bigger than they were when she was a newborn. Even I'll admit that was..."
"You know that goes double for me, right?"
sex tape."
"Of course I did," she said and stood up again. "Wasted two hours of my life watching it."
is a much more
feel. Four months ago, I got turned into a woman. I thought it was a joke. I didn't think it was going to last. I had a lot of sex with my hot, super soldier fiancé and took absolutely
"Yeah, Steve was sayin' you could make me a new arm. I don't— I'm not really— Could you do that?"
Jesus Christ, was he fucking tearing up again?
The way he talked, the way his brain worked, the way he moved as he explained things, swiping at holoscreens and chattering like he didn't realize that everyone wasn't at his intellectual level and could follow without issue. He was intelligent and funny and, though he would deny it until he was blue in the face, kind and generous to those that meant the world to him. Which, as it turned out, included the group of misfit superheroes that called themselves 'the Avengers.' He'd opened up his home in New York to them, renovating the tower Loki and the Chitauri (and the Hulk, as well, and Bruce really did feel bad about that) had laid waste to and offering them space to set up their clubhouse for their 'super-secret boy band' (whatever that meant, but Tony had used it once, and the others had snickered at it, so he assumed it was a joke of some kind). Still trying to find his feet in this new world, he'd taken up the offer to stay as well, finding that he, too, had come to rely on this 'gang of idiots' (as Bruce had called them) for the support that he still couldn't admit to himself that he needed.
He bit his lip and looked between Steve and Esmeralda. He kind of…well, honestly, he kind of enjoyed nursing, and not only that but no one else could do it— Well, given the right hormone and stimulation, they probably could, but at this moment in time, no one else could. He'd thought the whole thing about bonding over nursing was bullshit said to encourage women to nurse their young, but in his experience he'd found it was actually kind of…true. Not to mention it was healthier — going by all those stupid articles Steve had bookmarked, anyway — but was it…?
"Oh, no, I, uh… I think I dialed the wrong number. I was actually trying to check my…
"Uh…what happened to it?"
"You have a phone, Steve. Google it."
" she said like Tony had just asked her the stupidest question in the world.
"He won't see it that way."
Or he should have.
"No, evidently that's what you people from Philly do. At Santa."
Right?
"Still," he continued, "I don't find it to be anywhere near as outlandish as some might think. I do recall that day when aliens poured out of the sky, after all."
She pulled him back over to the table she had been sitting at for dinner, and Tony dropped down into an empty chair with a tired and relieved 'oomph.' He glanced around and saw the rest of the table had vacated, and he frowned and said, "Where's the rest of them?" as he jerked a thumb at the empty table.
"Don't pretend you're above us," Barton said. "You've had a bottle of lotion and a box of tissues next to your bed just like the rest of us."
