As the afternoon began to fade to twilight, Sherlock packed up Rosie’s things to take her home. “I’ll let Amina know you’re likely to be home in a few days,” he ventured.
“So you jumped in front of my gun! That’s really smart, that is!” John railed at Sherlock, his fury boiling in his gut, mixing with the terrifying knowledge of how close he had come to putting a bullet through his best friend. HAD put a bullet through him, as a matter of fact.
they covered. John hadn’t been so familiar with the smell and taste of a fall mat in long years, but the two were so delighted to instruct him and impart their experience with kind words, that he couldn’t begrudge them their fun.
Instead, he nodded gratefully and smiled, then dropped his bag on the bed and unzipped it. The reflection in the mirror over his bureau showed him Sherlock’s progression from anticipatory straightening to faint… was that disappointment? Which was swiftly subsumed into his usual impassive mask. “Yes, well - I’m glad you like it, though I’m sorry if you’re upset we had to remove Mary’s things.”
The irked part came with the careful, almost bloody
Jones, the boy holding the satchel up, was speaking. “I said, what are you gonna do about it, then, eh? I need your chemistry notes for Friday’s test, and I’m gonna take ‘em!” His companion Fitzhugh snorted and nodded along.
The noise of the crowd spiked over by the door leading from backstage to the house, whoops and applause ringing loud. Sherlock saw some of the performers trickling in for their chance to mingle with the guests, something Irene insisted upon every night. Irene herself, still in her spangly ringmaster’s get-up, was escorting Lady Grey in a straight line toward Sherlock’s table like it was her only mission in life to get them to each other as quickly as possible. Sherlock stood to receive them, suddenly breathless again as the Lady drew near.
“Er, I wasn’t expecting him. He was working a case, and was bouncing ideas off me with texts. I had been going back and forth with him pretty steadily, but then there was a lull while he did something or other, and during the lull, I-” John paused as he tried to come up with a different phrase than
A tight spotlight made her foot glow like a stiletto-pointed star. Her dancer acted equal parts shocked and ravenous as he raised her from the dip and she turned her head to address the crowd.
“I could come back, after?”
The tall bloke snorted, and tapped the person in front of him, who turned and goggled for a moment before turning to tap the next. In short order, the lollygaggers had squeezed aside to make a sort of aisle for John to get to his door. He pushed through them to see a wild-eyed, disheveled Sherlock Holmes berating two unlucky nurses as they rummaged through John’s drawers, opened his closet, pulled back the shower curtain, and generally messed with all his things. John’s jaw tightened at this breach of his privacy, but he was silently glad no one had thought to poke through his bed-covers yet; his contraband phone was barely concealed by a fold in the blanket.
“Here, let me,” he said without stopping to think; his voice sounded unnaturally loud in the quiet of the room, and John twitched as if he had forgotten he was not alone. He regarded Sherlock with some surprise. Sherlock stepped up behind his friend and took the tie out of his hands.
“Why on Earth would you tell her that we were together?” Sherlock rasped. It came out more roughly than he intended, but he was just so surprised. John had a way of doing that to him; it was one of the things that made him so fascinating.
Sherlock was looking at his phone, triangulating the pictures of the corpse and the actual scene before him. “There, you see? The hammer is still in place, with the bloodstain, and the body lay partly on top of it.”
“Well, her husband’s died recently. Marjorie’s husband, I mean, not my Uncle Tim. Two weeks ago, rather sudden; an illness over a month or so. She’s only a few years younger than me, and he was right around my age. Brilliant bloke, chemistry researcher of some kind. I only met him once, when I got back from Afghanistan. We didn’t really have anything to talk about, but he seemed devoted to Marjorie.” John blew out a breath. “It’s a shame, that; I should probably send a card or something. Poor Marjorie.”
“John, how are you feeling?” Aunt Brigid said as they settled their plates and poured their tea.
your relaxation.” John said with a rather comical waggling of his eyebrows.
He tried to think if he had ever been aware of that quality of feeling for any man. If it had happened, it would have been swiftly buried, and vehemently ignored afterward - that was the whole point of this exercise, after all. John frowned and dipped up a little more steam. There was something... a niggling idea, elusive and hard to grasp as a fish; he racked his brain to catch it.
Two large hands wrapped around the offending muscle and carefully massaged it, easing the twinges efficiently. It felt wonderful, and John groaned. “Oh, thanks, that’s brilliant!” He let his head tip back while the tightness in his leg was washed away by rhythmic pressure. After a moment, that leg, much relaxed, was released, and the other picked up and given the same treatment.
With a clank of the rail, he felt a weight push down the mattress at his side. When he opened his eyes, Sherlock was perched next to him, Rosie on his lap regarding John with dawning delight. She reached for him.
“I came in to see if you were alright, and if you planned to get up today,” Sherlock answered somewhat defensively. “You were being utterly dull yesterday, and young Watson and I were going to go for a walk later - well, she’d ride, of course, but you take my meaning, and so you would need to get up soon if you were to come with us.” Sherlock avoided John’s eyes throughout this statement, and his body language was closed, guarded. He kept John in his line of sight out of the corner of his eye, gauging how this went over with his friend.
“Really?” Duck exclaimed. “How long had you been out, d’you think?”
John thought.
Sherlock nodded slowly, “yes.”
“Huh, yeah, I get it. No, I’d never considered James that way. He was my CO of course, and that’s frowned on as you know. But I considered him a friend, a good friend, but not anything more than that.” John furrowed his brow and looked pointedly at Duck. “I’m not gay, in case that’s what you’re asking. It’s all fine to me what people are, I’m not homophobic - it just hasn’t been... my area.” He snorted to himself. “I’ve always been interested in women, you see.” John also leaned back into the sofa, obviously trying to seem nonchalant while holding an unexpected tension underneath. “Seems like the rest of the world wishes that were different though; most everyone assumes Sherlock and I are together, or who knows what. It gets a little irritating after a while.”
“Do you see it?” Sherlock remarked in a low voice, right next to his ear.
John seemed nonplussed, but joined him. “More practice, then?” he inquired.
John considered it. How did he feel? His arms and legs were weighted with tiredness and the burn of lactic acid metabolizing from muscles too little used over the last year or so. He was warm, a little sweaty still, and his body hummed with the buzz that comes from working hard, but not too hard. He felt... “brilliant, actually. Physically I feel... really good. Like my blood’s been stirred around after much too long.” He also felt ready, if not exactly eager, to start talking to someone he felt would not judge, and would give him an honest response. After months and years of the likes of Mycroft’s disingenuous posturing, Sherlock’s opaque reasoning, and Mary’s outright lies, the chance to talk about his life with someone who would give him a straight answer was extremely appealing. “Yeah. I... I think I’m ready to do this.”
And he had gone right down the same path - lashing out when he couldn’t cope. What kind of father would do that? To his baby girl?
When the counting was finished, Davies looked up at them again. “Still here? Well, then,” he handed a wrapped stack of bills to the leather bloke. “Gary, just put these in the safe, won’t you?” Leather guy twitched and scowled as his decidedly less-than-terrifying name was revealed, but took the bundled money and headed for a door at the back of the room.
“N-nothing, John,” Marjorie backpedaled in the face of John’s outrage, face going pale. “I was just surprised, I guess. I didn’t expect it of you.” She deflated, and Aunt Brigid, who had stood quietly by, reminded her of the photographer waiting for them. “I’ll see you later. We can talk more then.” She withdrew to the other side of the room, still not having acknowledged Sherlock after her first comments, but shooting him a venomous look as she went.
For John, this was a little different than the hugs that had come before. John was not overtly in need of comforting at the moment, when his feelings upon seeing his daughter and Sherlock had been warm affection.
“I had the gun up and pointed at a killer who was running straight for me, what do you think I was going to do with it? Throw it at him?”
John shook himself mentally and refocused on their situation; his flare of sympathy and gratitude for Sherlock’s assurance that his daughter, and he, were helping to keep Sherlock on the straight and narrow was important, but could distract him from the danger they were in, if he let it.
“Relax, little brother,” Clara said, when he visited her in her changing room in the rear of the reception hall where the civil ceremony was to be held, “you’ll break plenty of hearts today. All the girls will swoon over you, and a fair few of the blokes, too – well, except the lesbians, of course, so it will be a challenge to pick the right ones, yeah? I’ll tease you forever if you try to pull one of my exes.” She whacked his arse with the back of her hand. “Here, unbutton your waistcoat; I’ll help shorten your braces. And ow, what is your bum made of? Bricks? That hurt!”
“Looking for where the killer stood to make their shot,” Sherlock replied glibly.
“...but you had to be the hero, so we’ll need to watch it for infection and it will hurt like a bitch for two weeks at least, and I could have killed you, don’t you see?”
“Christ, that feels good.”
“John?” A horrible rasping croak broke his reverie. He shook the memories off, and regarded Duck sheepishly.
“Don’t worry about it. Duck is the one to release me, and I’m sure he’ll be fine. I went for a run, after all, just like the psychologist ordered.” Again John tried to step back from the hug that had gone on for a good five minutes now, and again was prevented by Sherlock not releasing him.
Sherlock watched his lover, amazed by the intensity of his climax and the beautifully debauched picture John presented now. This was how John should look, always. Sherlock still held John’s softening penis in his hand, and carefully stroked it once before letting go. John gasped with overstimulation, then relaxed again. He started to chuckle. “God, Sherlock, that’s not how I meant this to go.” He put a hand over his face, blushing crimson.
“Come on, then,” a presence loomed at his side, and he looked up, puzzled. John held out a hand to him, and bobbed it insistently while Sherlock stared blankly back. “You are dying to be out there, and I am your partner, and therefore I am asking you to dance.” He bowed a bit from the waist, ever gallant, and waited. He stood as though he would wait forever, lopsided smile never faltering, until his offer was accepted.
Alongside the insubstantial possibility of actually leaving the facility, How would people treat him - would they walk on eggshells and be afraid to talk with him about anything unpleasant? Would they see him differently? Not trust him anymore?
John dropped into sleep like a stone into deep water.
“Yes, practice. Acting like a couple. Becoming comfortable with the closeness we’ll have to portray. In short, not flinching when we touch each other. Problem?”
John thought as he watched a few joggers go across the screen.
“As you can see, I certainly can.”
John cleared his throat, flustered for a moment. “Thinking about taking Rosie to school in a few years,” he offered, carefully not mentioning the domestically settled flavor to his thoughts of Sherlock.
“Good, that’s good. Well, another quarter mile and we can have lunch!” Mr. Penton announced jovially. He eyed his daughter speculatively as Stephen brightened and ran on ahead; Aunt Brigid and John started along as well, while the elder Pentons lagged a few paces behind.
“You’re just stroppy because Eric dumped you yesterday. You know, if you hadn’t been such a clingy twit, maybe you wouldn’t have scared him off!”
“The scene is the place to start,” Sherlock replied. “John, are you ready to go?”
John chuckled and smiled, and they moved on to other topics. Eventually, John aired his concerns that he’d backslide once he was back in his usual surroundings, and worse, that he wouldn’t notice if he did.
“Like I said – gorgeous,” John said, eyes darkened and avidly following long fingers as they opened the fabric over Sherlock’s chest. The shirt slid away from lean shoulders and was tossed over the side, and John’s hand, seemingly involuntarily, cupped the bulge in his trousers and adjusted his length as he hissed out a breath.
He’d ask John’s opinion on cases that were in John’s specialties - medicine, or firearms, or tactics - or even sometimes only vaguely associated with them, and thanked or complimented him when he had something to offer. The glow of pleasure these moments produced in his chest were almost enough to drown out the dull monologue that ran beneath his thoughts.
Sherlock shot him a surprised smile, then turned back to see if there was more. He began to rise to allow John to move forward, but wobbled, flinging out his arms for balance.
He licked his lips in unconscious reflex, and saw Sherlock’s eyes track the movement closely.
Sherlock easily unzipped the shoe after a moment of scrutiny at the strapping and slid it off John’s foot. Red marks showed where the straps had rubbed, and John gasped with relief as his foot relaxed into a less contorted position. Sherlock knew John loved how heels made Lady Grey look and how they disguised the masculine size and shape of his feet, but they were not kind to those who wore them. He lightly massaged the foot under his hands, pressing his thumbs into the arch while John sucked a breath through his teeth.
John thought wryly. His gaze drifted downward and snagged on the pigmented spot on Sherlock’s lean throat; the little mark that had begun the torrent of feelings and realizations that had sent him into the night. It was just as mesmerizing in person, and John felt a frisson of something dangerous at the sight.
He suspected that John didn’t want to impose, since to John, Sherlock was playing a part only to fool that step-woman-relative. John mostly let Sherlock set the pace of their practice, his natural reticence keeping his hands to himself except when he flagrantly made a move or rarely, forgot himself when distracted. Sherlock began to wonder if John would be able to keep up his side of the pretense; for a couple as new as he and John would be playing, surely they would be rather affectionate? Would Marjorie believe it if they barely held hands and just patted each other’s knees? Sherlock couldn’t imagine that would impress anyone.
Amina swatted him on the shoulder, then turned to scoop Rosie another spoonful of mashed sweet potato. “I’ve already said I was glad to do it, and I’d be glad anytime, though I’m sure it won’t be needed,” she said this with certainty, and John smiled, relieved yet again.
That was not hard to answer - when Sherlock had died and left John alone in a world gone dull and grey. And then, just when he’d found a modicum of peace with Mary, had started on a new path to try and move on, back his friend came: throwing a very large rock in a pond only barely calmed. John had been furious and had lashed out at Sherlock - choking him and eventually nutting him in the nose.
“A fight,” Lestrade’s tone was heavy with disbelief. He drew breath to continue when one of the officers called him over to where the fellow lay groaning, gesturing to the DI and indicating the man on the ground. Lestrade produced his mobile and made a call - emergency services; it seemed an ambulance was needed. The officers scurried around the scene like ants on a kicked anthill. John watched them dispassionately, anger still seething in him, though it was fading along with the adrenaline of the chase.
John raised his head inquiringly, monologue cut off mid-word. “Alright, then?” Deep blue eyes regarded him solemnly.
Sherlock closed the email, and then the laptop, taking up his violin to play by the window. He felt unexpectedly solemn, and the sweeping notes he coaxed out of the instrument brought to mind John’s profound, far-away expression that occurred less and less often lately. Sherlock played to that deep stare, and in his mind, his arm supporting the violin was around John’s shoulders, and his bowing stroked through ash-blond, silvering hair.
The bottom dropped out of John’s stomach at the sight.
“Yes, that will do nicely. It gets us out into the room where we can be spotted,” Sherlock replied, wary of this sudden solicitousness. Was John the one having regrets, now? “John,” he said suddenly, wanting his friend to look him in the eye.
Sherlock’s mind was working frantically, parts falling into place with metallic clinks in his thoughts. Marjorie had learned John had lost his family, and was again alone. Her husband fell ill soon after. Her husband formulated his own vitamins. Marjorie was also a chemist. Richard’s symptoms… he couldn’t quite place them. Maybe John would know? He needed to talk to John.
“You can tell her what you know, can’t you?”
“Yes, well - I’ll just,” the lift doors opened on the front foyer of NSY, and Sherlock hustled out toward the street to hail a cab.
“Do you want to explore these feelings more completely? Do you want to pursue something with this man?”
“John,” Sherlock tried again, but the words got stuck in his throat. He pulled John back on top of him, wrapping arms tightly around his lean chest, splaying big hands across John’s shoulder blades and lumbar spine. The weight pressing on him felt grounding, and it had the added benefit of hiding his face while he spoke. “I love you too. You are extraordinary. When I was away, there was a space beside me that you belonged in that was empty, and I hated it. I never want it to be empty again.” He sucked in a breath, squeezed John to him even more tightly. “But tonight I’ve realized how unbelievably lucky I am that you love me, too. You, who everyone loves, everyone admires you, wants you - you say you love me like it’s the easiest thing in the world, when it is absolutely the most unlikely thing ever to happen to me. No one has ever made me feel the way you do, and I am yours for as long as you’ll have me, John.”
Blurry impressions of smooth skin, so warm under his hands threaded through his slumber; solid, firm muscle flexing in his grasp, then moving to stroke him intimately.
John didn’t sleep as well as he had the night previous; his dreams were laced with confusing glimpses of the people in his life and a cast of anonymous extras, all seemingly in trouble, and him frantic to fix it, save them, something. No one was bleeding, no one was dying, but everyone looked worried and frightened. The tension was palpable.
They boarded their train at five, and once in their seats, John’s hand settled on Sherlock’s knee then slid up to mid-thigh to massage the muscle there. Sherlock had a momentary sensation of unreality as he realized this was his life now; casual affection from John, and for John, whenever he wished. He turned his head to look at John Watson: doctor, soldier, best friend, and the love of his life. It would not be placid perfection, them being together, he knew. They were both strong personalities with difficulty expressing feelings; it was inevitable there would be fights and misunderstandings. But them together felt right; like puzzle pieces slotting into place, like deductions domino-falling to a crystalline conclusion. There wasn’t any other way they could be, now that they had gotten here.
“John!” Sherlock cried, “Look out!”
Strong arms surrounded him, skin to skin everywhere; grounding him in the warmth and silky smoothness of the body embracing him, the well-known voice soothing. “Sherlock, yes, God yes, for as long as you want me, yes.” Sherlock heaved out a breath that was part-laugh, part snort. As if there would come a time when he wouldn’t want John; impossible, now that he had had this taste.
He lay there in the dark, while the observer in his head droned on.
"Not so much the gun as the telly, John. It's incredibly stupid and should be put down." Sherlock paced around the kitchen, restlessly holding microscope slides up to the window to look through them then putting them down on the nearest flat surface.
When he got home, no one was there. He pulled out his phone and brought up the calendar. John had linked his calendar to Sherlock’s account, so that he could know when John was at work. Sherlock resolutely didn't smile; while he didn’t talk (out loud) to John when he wasn’t present anymore, he felt a certain satisfaction at this evidence that John viewed their lives together as a given, something to be facilitated as a matter of course.
~~oOo~~
“John,” Sherlock gasped as he regained his composure, “I… I don’t have the words. This… all this… it’s so…” he shook his head, frustrated that he couldn’t express this fundamental change in his experience of the world. “I…” he settled for the basics; the rest would come in time, he figured. “I love you, John. I never let myself hope we would be together like this, but…” he gave John a suddenly watery smile, then hid his face in the pillows by John’s shoulder.
John snorted. “Last on, first off. Irene’s Rule Number One of wig care and feeding.” He reached up to pull a few cunningly hidden bobby pins from the blond mass, then caught Sherlock’s eyes in the mirror, offering a small nod. Sherlock lifted the wig from John’s head and stowed it carefully on the plastic head-shape on the side table. He turned back to see John wiping his face with makeup remover on a cloth, his flawless, smooth complexion dissolving into the familiar, weathered folds and texture of John Watson. Sherlock watched, engrossed as the queen receded and the man was revealed.
Sherlock,
Both men smiled and shook hands again more cordially.
He drew breath to huff an even larger sigh, when he froze, his brain entering ‘what was that?!?’ mode unexpectedly. He’d been aware of John’s arm around his shoulders for ten minutes or so, after that hand had been inspected and released, and now… yes, fingers were teasing the curls at the base of his hairline, petting lightly along his scalp at the base of his skull. It felt… divine. It drew delightful chills up his spine and the back of his neck. His toes tried to curl in his bespoke shoes. His breath hissed out quietly on a long exhale, along with much of the tension in his posture, and he breathed deeply and rhythmically as the stroking continued. It seemed like music was playing (was it?); he heard the coughing and rustling of the guests like white noise in the background.
“Oh, was she? Are you sure about that?”
John absently wrapped arms around himself as this thought coalesced, mimicking their newfound hugging habit.
Sherlock hummed agreement, then turned to John. “Our train back to London isn’t until five, so we’ve got some time to kill. Shall we go look at the bees?”
“Don’t call me dat!” a switchblade had appeared in Spike’s hand like magic, and he gripped it tightly.
The hand gripping his tightened. “John,” Sherlock said quietly, “It’s alright, you’ll be alright.”
Suddenly, Sherlock recognized John beneath a fox costume, dancing toward the back of the pack; though John was in no way the focus of this piece, Sherlock could not look away. John moved with feral grace as he danced with a lissome white dove, to whom he was connected by a long chain hung from the collar around his neck to its twin around hers. They each wore clinging leather, sleeveless tops: she with full-length leggings that zipped down the sides, he in tight booty shorts with the same side zippers, but even more tantalizing - a zipper from stem to stern along the crotch that left little to the imagination. Sherlock sat up in his seat, riveted by this vision of his lover in leather and fur, complete with red-furred fox tail swinging behind. It was a very good look on John, highlighting the powerful, athletic body he usually camouflaged with lovely gowns and body-shaping garments. Like all the couples on stage, the dance he and the dove were performing was both energetic and erotic; sweeping hands up and down each others’ bodies as they swayed and spun and slotted their bodies together. A voice in the back of Sherlock’s mind growled
Sliding one arm up around the back of Sherlock’s neck to pull Sherlock’s mouth down to his, John sucked Sherlock’s bottom lip in between his teeth and began walking him backwards away from the table towards the center of the room.
“Yes,” John panted. “Yeah, just like that. Oh,
Sherlock’s thighs were trembling, his head hanging down between his shoulders, the skin along his spine gleaming with sweat. “Please,” he said, his voice rough.
John tried to protest but his response was interrupted by a massive yawn.
John moves to sit on the bed, and Sherlock follows him, feeling more confused than ever.
“Shut! Up!” Marjorie was close to unhinged; John began to be concerned for her, and murmured soothingly to them both. He was ignored, and Stephen’s face darkened.
“I had no idea what that part was about, though I was... so grateful for James’ company. Several times, it would happen like that when things got really bad out there. I’d get the shakes, or he’d have a terrible day and then James would find me and drink with me and hold me while I freaked out, and then just sort of... look at me.” John trailed off with a look of puzzlement on his face.
John turned to regard her owlishly. “Naw, I’m not that… naw,” he said. “M’just… me.”
Lady Grey mouthed, addressing the audience as though telling them a naughty secret, while she was escorted to center stage.
He wasn’t sure how much time passed while he clung to his baby girl and wept, but by the time the door opened and Sherlock’s curly head poked in, he was utterly exhausted and the baby was asleep. John was almost asleep himself, salty tracks down his cheeks as he slumped back on the inclined slope of the bed, Rosie firmly held close. The sound of the door roused him enough to open one eye, and he was able to glimpse Sherlock schooling his expression back to its usual sober neutrality.
Marjorie hid a giggle in his shoulder, then looked up at him. “You look so handsome, and I couldn’t help but imagine when I’m forty and it’s you and I getting married.”
He could go up to John’s room and look around. ("Snoop, you mean." "Quiet, John.") He did that sometimes, when holding his inconvenient feelings at bay dragged his mood down toward melancholy. He would go up and go through John’s chest of drawers, prodding at untidily-arranged socks and stroking the softness of folded jumpers, absentmindedly scratching at the scar on his own chest. He’d carefully perch on John’s tightly-made bed, so as not to leave evidence he was there, and lean over to inhale John’s scent from the pillow. It made him uncomfortably aware he was doing something not very good, wallowing in John’s intimate space without his permission, so he didn’t do it often. Only when he really needed to.
John gave Sherlock a brief nod, to show he understood. He’d think about what to do about it later.
and he saw it. Not far from the head of the hammer, drenched wet with gore and quite unlike any of the jagged chips of concrete or sharp fill stone of the construction site. He gasped. “A cobblestone…”
There was a tickling on the back of his neck, and it took him a moment to realize it was Sherlock’s panting breaths, fast and shallow. His friend was rigid with tension behind him and striving to hide it. John hastily released him and busied himself grabbing his manky Tshirt and slipping it over his head. “What am I looking at there?” he asked through the thin fabric.
“But, John – you’re not
Sherlock put the tie around John’s neck and settled it under his collar, then expertly tied a crisp Windsor knot with the beautiful blue silk, and smoothed it over John’s chest. He drew a breath scented with the bergamot and sandalwood of John’s cologne. “There, all right and proper.”
“I’d like that. I’ll go put my things away then.” John headed out of the kitchen, stopping to grab his duffel on the way to his room. Sherlock paced silent and close at his heels as he approached the bedroom, his own steps slowing as he remembered what had happened the last time he’d been in there. A sense of heavy reluctance swept through him as he gingerly opened the door, braced for a sensory reliving of the misery of those dreadful events.
The clock on the wall read 6:37 AM when John opened crusted eyes after the latest round of his mental ‘Worst of Watson’ reel, and he groaned out loud. He had not managed to sleep longer than half an hour at a time. He hauled himself to sitting on the edge of the bed, gingerly setting bare feet on the cold floor with a curse and dropping his face in his hands.
“I’m glad to hear it. So, what’s this crime scene we’re going to?”
He squinted at the picture: a man’s face, swarthy and unshaven, smeared with the shocking crimson of serious head trauma that caved in the frontal bone over the right eye with a blunt, rounded, instrument about the same diameter as a pound coin. Hammer, possibly? He frowned, chewed his lip for a moment as he considered.
They stared at each other for long moments, neither seeming able to break the stalemate. At last Sherlock said, “may I help you change?”
Leaving his companion to watch the hallway, he led them deeper into the rickety abandoned house that served as a crack den for much of this section of London. John didn’t like the look of the dingy walls, or the rooms with the quiet forms, high out of their heads, laid out in rows like casualties. It reminded him strongly of the time he had found Sherlock in a place like this. It had been the first time he’d seen his friend actually on drugs, and look what that had led to. His expression soured.
Course of action chosen, he stood and headed for his room, and perhaps some lunch.
“Ah - yes, that reminds me,” Sherlock shoved a hand deep into one of the pockets of his greatcoat and produced a lumpy package wrapped in a clean cotton handkerchief. “Don’t let them see you using this, or it’ll be no pudding for a fortnight!” His mock-stern frown and shaken finger were so unexpected as to make John burst out with a startled giggle as he accepted the package.
He comforted himself with how well he was maintaining, putting up a facade for his family and friends - though he knew he couldn’t possibly be fooling Sherlock. More than once he saw the detective give him the once-over, catching the tells of insomnia and exhaustion, and each time his friend clamped down on the comments John knew should be coming his way. It made him unreasonably angry at times - how dare Sherlock coddle him? Other times it merely confirmed the thoughts that seemed to be on droning, dull repeat in the back of his head:
Sherlock overslept on Friday morning. He awoke with a start in an unfamiliar room on an unfamiliar bed surrounded by too many ridiculously squashy pillows and covered with a thick, fluffy comforter. He was roasting, and he was alone.
“Sherlock, it is too early for any of this, and you should not be doing so much talking with that throat. You’re getting more hoarse by the minute. Go out to the sitting room, and I’ll come sit with you to monitor your airway until Amina and Rosie get up, as soon as I’m dressed.”
John twitched, startled, at the scratchy baritone voice calling his name from very close by. Sherlock crouched warily by his feet, brow creased with concern.
John blinked; then remembered the words he had said to convince Marjorie to stop crying the last time they had talked. He chuckled weakly as he said “Ah, you remember that, do you? Well, I’m flattered.”
“And would have emotions of their own about the situation, since it was part of their lives, too,” John retorted in his most reasonable tone of voice. Sherlock’s brows drew down in denial of this assertion, and he opened his mouth to argue further.
John frowned in thought. “Um, six? No, wait, seven, because one was catching them up.”
Duck waited for him at the door to the office, head tilted to one side as he stood and observed John’s dawdling. “I suppose I should have said, right at the start,” he remarked as they went in, “that sometimes folks don’t want to talk. Don’t want to move, or lift, or whatever. Just aren’t feeling it when we have a session planned. And I get that way myself, sometimes, too.” He strode over to get their glasses of water, as tall as always despite their light workout. “But I also think it’s worthwhile to at least show up on those days. You know what I’ve said; I’m not going to make you talk about your feelings if you don’t want to. But I do think there might be something useful to learn from days like this, so why don’t we start there while we do our basic stretches and give Warrior Two a try?” He waggled his bushy eyebrows at the mention of the yoga pose. John cracked a weak smile of acknowledgment and sipped at his glass.
~~oOo~~
He found the hallway where the wedding party was situated; some rooms had doors open with small, raucous parties going on inside. Judging by the sounds coming through at least one closed door, other rooms were in use as well, though for more private parties. Sherlock knocked on the door to 308, then pounded when that produced no result. Still nothing. He held his head carefully next to the door to listen inside. Silence. Damn it!
“There now, back with me?” John said fondly. “Huh, I guess that really flipped your switch for a minute, hmm?”
A group of dancers were tangoing to the music, synchronized and seductive in couples tightly pressed together, again wearing more overt bondage gear and linked by cording, chains or cuffs. Sherlock distracted himself for almost fifteen seconds noticing that some of the couples were same-sex; he had to give Irene credit for bucking the heteronormative assumption of man-woman (or man-woman-looking) dance partners. He nibbled at a knuckle and waited for whatever was coming next.
“That bag is mine,” Marjorie said.
Spike’s rage had grown more visible with every word that tumbled out of Davies’s mouth. “Don’t call me Gary - my name is Spike.”
“What, they’re comfortable,” he said, holding in a laugh. “And I wouldn’t want to be disrespectful.” His chuckles were lost in a gasp as Sherlock waited no longer to take the pants off.
Which left the revelation that Duck felt he might be ready to go home. Back to being a father to Rosie, splitting the chores with Amina, and the daily life that seemed so removed from the sheltered existence he was leading this week. Was he ready? Sure, he wasn’t about to end himself anymore - the very thought made him ill with guilt and regret. But did that mean he was ready to just drop back into his life? Head back to cases with Sherlock? Shifts at the surgery? The concept seemed unreal at the moment.
"What?" Sherlock eyed John suspiciously.
Sherlock made a disgruntled sound. "I did what you asked, but after a minute it was just the same thing repeating itself. If it doesn't change, why should I bother paying attention?"
“Hmm. You don’t say? Well Jones, Fitzhugh - I’d hate for the rugby team to be falling into any unfortunate jock stereotypes by roughing up other students and taking what isn’t theirs, in order to get away with not doing their very best work in their classes.” John eyed the two sternly while they goggled at him. “I’m sure you were actually just brushing the dirt off the bag after picking it up for her, weren’t you,” he said and cocked an eyebrow, indicating Marjorie. Both boys shut their slack jaws and looked abashed as John spoke.
John took the glass greedily and slurped off half of it in one long draft, Adam’s apple lifting and dropping as he swallowed. He topped his glass off before heading for the same spot on the sofa he had taken yesterday, stopping by Duck in his chair, swapping out the running blade for his regular prosthetic foot. “Feeling alright, there?” John enquired, and when Duck looked up and nodded, continued “How much do you usually run on it?”
After a few more minutes, Duck announced “I think we can be done with the performance portion of the morning. Come sit down.”
John’s intriguing nibbling of Sherlock’s collarbone stilled. “I’m sorry, what?” He said breathlessly.
“It’s nothing,” he said.
And with that, John was reminded that on a night less than two weeks ago, this man thought John would die in his arms.
What else does John do on his laptop? Read articles and news, get emails from his sister and Aunt and some distant friends, spend as little time as possible on social media, look at pictures of dogs doing supposedly humorous things. None of these had ever produced this reaction before. Of course, Sherlock could just break into the laptop and look, but that wouldn’t allow him the chance to figure it out and interesting cases had been thin on the ground since the robberies had wrapped up. More importantly, John hadn’t left it anywhere long enough for Sherlock to get his hands on it.
John’s
Though the days were filled with frantic mental activity for Sherlock, the nights after John went to bed were quiet and empty. Sherlock passed the time in his room: first cataloging the day’s events that needed to be stored in his mind palace, then planning a few new things to try the next day. Often those two processes would result in yet another annoying erection. Before now, he had hardly ever needed to attend to this particular task (just transport) but in his bed in the dark, Sherlock could indulge without fear of discovery. He could not resist spending a longer time each night imagining John as if he were really Sherlock’s lover - all the things he would do and Sherlock would do, hazy with his inexperience of the actual acts - while taking himself in hand. His climax inevitably overwhelmed him and he stifled his groans with a fist in his mouth, lest John hear him through the floor.
Grey’s eyes softened and something about her demeanor altered, becoming quieter, more focused. John looked out from under the Lady’s wig and paint. “Yes, please.” He took a few steps over to the sofa and elegantly folded himself onto it with a sigh. “These shoes are a killer after the first half hour on them.” He leaned down to begin removing one, but found the foot in question suddenly grasped in long-fingered hands and placed on Sherlock’s lap.
“That doesn’t make me feel much better, you know. What the hell were you doing, coming in here in the dark, anyway?” John stood up and paced back and forth in front of the bed where Sherlock sat, elbows on his knees, and when Sherlock hesitated, he fixed the man with a gimlet stare. “Well?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and groaned. “You are the one wearing a shirt with my name on it, John, why don’t you tell me what the hell I’m talking about?”
"Gah, the wall is boring."
~~oOo~~
They came together tentatively - and yes, had to sort out how their arms would go - and then they were hugging.
For his part, Sherlock was staring into space, blinking rapidly, his mind awhirl with John’s statement. John had told someone (anyone!) that he was together - meaning
Sherlock recoiled as if he’d been slapped. “John-”
) undignified.
“Hmmm, you’re right,” Sherlock pushed himself up to sitting, then stood to stretch - long arms up over his head, hands almost brushing the ceiling.
John groaned. “No, I think I’m going to stay here for now. I’m not really ready to talk to Greg about this case.”
John frowned and quickened his pace, breaking into a jog as a familiar bass bellow cut through the murmuring of the onlookers. “You are supposed to be taking care of John, and you have LOST him! How can you lose an entire person? Where is he? Are you really so stupid as to be looking under the bed? It’s wide open, we’d be able to see if anyone was down there! And I’ve looked in the closets - yes, and the washroom!”
Neither of them had tried for a kiss, despite stating they each were willing that first day. Sherlock hadn’t because his obvious lack of skill would result in an embarrassing failed attempt, possibly with John coming to his senses and backing out of the arrangement. He could not allow that, now that he had begun down this path; Sherlock needed to wring all the experience he could out of their ruse to sustain him after, when John wasn’t his anymore.
after a particularly lascivious dipping maneuver, and he leaned forward to get a better view of the fox and the dove.
Clara noticed his grimace as he took his new sister-in-law for a dance while Harry made another run at the bar. “That girl’s making you nervous, isn’t she?” Clara said. “She’s been staring at you all night. Even my mother’s noticed, and she’s half pissed by now.”
“I know of her,” Davies replied blandly, “but I wouldn’t say we were acquainted.”
The train ride itself should have been the easy part; ride along in comfort for not more than an hour and a half, then take a taxi to the facility. The wedding service would be held in a chapel on site, so they didn’t have to go anywhere other than their accommodations. Given their train at eight PM, they'd be there by ten-thirty in the evening at the outside, no problem. Which is why it was so very, very frustrating when they came into the station in bloody Swindon, to be told that the track line had a tree across it that would be cleared ‘in just a little while.’ Two full hours of ‘little whiles’ later, Sherlock was about to climb out of his skin, trapped in a seat in the train with nothing to do. He had deduced all the passengers he could see (quietly, for John’s ears alone after John had vehemently shushed him while the first passenger he picked – bank clerk, at least one white cat, told his girlfriend in the next seat he had enjoyed meeting her mother but actually hated it – glared daggers at them) then looked at his email on his phone, and texted Lestrade to tell him to hold any good cases from the next three days until he came back, and made a production of striding the length of the train to use the loo and surfed the gossip sites and the news sites on his phone. And then he sat fidgeting while John placidly read the novel he had brought with him. It was torment of the worst kind, and he said so, repeatedly, at full volume.
“But do you see it?” Sherlock persisted, his rumbling tone vibrating up the back of John’s neck and raising goosebumps in its wake. He had begun to smile, eyes wide and shining with enthusiasm.
- was so enticing. It soothed him. Of course he never would actually do it. But if things ever got really unbearable, there was always that last option.
“Good morning, John,” Sherlock said. “I won’t ask how you slept. Do you need anything?”
“No, John,” Greg’s eyes were warm and brown in the horrible fluorescent lights. “That’s just it - you don’t have to, if you don’t want to. If you’re not ready.” He clapped a hand to John’s shoulder, squeezing gently.
“I’m not so sure,” John confessed. “I haven’t really spoken to anyone except Sherlock, since I... got in here.”
“Yes. That it did,” John agreed. He rubbed at the back of his neck. “Er - is it alright? You’re not upset?”
“Resisted treatment, and therapy,” John flashed a wry look at Duck, “for several months, then cleared up overnight, essentially, except for the muscle atrophy.”
“What! What is it?” Sherlock snapped, “Can I not have a moment to think?” He stopped on the muddy path and rounded on John, glaring.
The door opened with a clunk of hardware, and Duck walked in with a folder crammed with paper in one hand. John was seized with a kind of breathless shock, seeing Sherlock and Duck together in one room. It hadn’t occurred to him that his therapist would come in person, but of course he would, wouldn’t he?
Sherlock paused the video when the woman was in pretty clear view, and waved a long-fingered hand at her.
“Alright, then?” Duck’s harsh rasp called from up the path a bit. John cracked a smile as he raised his head and waved vaguely at his companion, who still looked keen and chipper.
“John, I...” he pulled John down to him for a sweet kiss, trying to convey what was overflowing in him at that moment. “John...”
Sherlock stared at him, deductions falling into line, to the inevitable conclusion. “You want me to go to this wedding with you, and pretend to be… your boyfriend?” he said incredulously.
Sherlock had seen it too, probably more clearly than John had, and the ‘Oh!’ of realization that gasped next to John’s ear was cold comfort. “Yes, I suppose you could, but you actually don’t have any knowledge of the crime. Your man, here, though - Gary, is it?” Sherlock pinned the big man with a gimlet stare. “You know just what happened to her, don’t you.”
he thought,
John gave Sherlock a level look, the corners of his mouth tightening. Sherlock bounced up out of his chair to pace by the window. "Sitting very still and repeating a mantra," he said sarcastically, "may be well and good for an average mind like yours. The effort of paying attention at all would require heroic measures. For a mind like mine, whose focus has been honed as sharp as a scalpel, it's achieved in an instant and boring a millisecond later." He ran his hands through his hair again. "The only thing that can absorb my mind fully is a puzzle, a conundrum, a mystery of human nature. A CASE!" He slammed both hands on the sides of the window. "Someone kill somebody! I'm going mad!" he shouted at the passersby below.
The suspect he had beaten, whimpering on the ground.
Sherlock popped back upright in the chair and rubbed his hands together. “Alright then, what shall we do? There’s sure to be some kind of intrigue happening here that we can ferret out, and that will keep us pleasantly occupied for a little while at least.”
“Your bedspread was, er, not entirely salvageable, nor was the throw rug in here,” Sherlock provided from the doorway. John looked back at him, and was surprised to see a sheepish look on his face. It seemed so foreign to his usually autocratic manner. “Amina cleaned up, and I ordered replacements. When they arrived, we realized the draperies Mary had installed would not work with them, so we took them down and put in pull-shades.” He regarded John from under his fringe. “We stored the draperies in the closet, in case you wanted them back?”
“The trousers need hemming, of course, and the suit coat and waistcoat can come in a bit on the sides, but yes,” Sherlock announced, his voice unaccountably deep as he flicked away imaginary threads and smoothed John’s lapels. “I think we have a winner.”
He should have known it wouldn’t - couldn’t - last.
“Of course not, John. I told you they’ve been asking for you. It just seemed a little…”
“Hmmm, maybe.” Sherlock’s tone meant
John’s hands tightened, then released as the words penetrated. He leaned away, shaking his head, and reached for the lamp on his bedside table. Yellow light bloomed in the room, revealing Sherlock panting under him, breaths wheezing as he rubbed his neck. Red marks were already starting to show on the pale skin of this throat; bruises emerging in the unmistakable shape of hands.
“Would you like more water? The nurse said they’d bring you something to eat whenever you wanted.” Sherlock came back with the ubiquitous cup-and-straw, and John obediently sipped. Another feature of hospital stays John abhorred; eating and drinking became the highlight of your days. Even using the toilet was an event. When nothing was happening to you, anything you could occupy your mind with assumed increased importance to stave off the boredom.
Convincing John of this fact turned out to be more difficult than Sherlock expected; John was righteously furious at Sherlock’s injury and Mary’s seeming lack of remorse for causing it. It took considerable and increasingly less subtle manipulation on Sherlock’s part to get his friend to see reason. Sherlock had pointedly ignored the flare of warm satisfaction John’s stubborn loyalty inspired; just a twinge from the healing wound, clearly.
As he approached his door, he became aware of some sort of commotion near his room. There were voices raised, and a collection of patients and a few staff gathered in the hallway, gawking.
He wondered what John was noticing about this moment.
"It won't shoot without it, obviously."
“And you being ready to let her go,” Duck remarked pointedly.
“Yes, a few months ago.”
He rolled over, to face away from the door.
If he did sleep, it was the opposite; once he was unconscious it would be a struggle to get up again, even with the nightmares. It was like the comfortable cocoon of his duvet and pillow exerted a siren call against which he had to fight harder and harder each day before groaning out of bed to meet his obligations.
He leaned forward in the chair, and attempted to take John’s hand; John snatched it away and scowled. Sherlock blew a stray curl off his forehead and continued in a harder tone. “So, yes, we are going to make sure you don’t have the chance to hurt yourself until you can be trusted not to do it again!” Sherlock pierced John with his pale eyes, as if willing him to understand, to forgive, to jump right up and be fine again.
Marjorie’s lip trembled. “But I’m not your sister. We’re not related at all. So it would be all right if you did… think of me like that.” She looked hopefully again at John, and when he didn’t reply, her face crumpled. A tear welled up. John felt his brain moving through molasses and wished he hadn’t drunk quite so much of Marjorie’s very good whiskey.
Sherlock started pacing like a big cat in a cage, gaze never leaving his target’s face, which had gone shiny with sweat. John tore his own eyes away to check on the other observers of this little drama; Jack had shrunk back and was half out the door they had entered by, looking like he might run at any moment. Davies leaned back in his desk chair, beaming like the finest actors were performing a play, just for him. John determined to keep at least one eye on that one, as he was clearly round the twist - like a Moriarty with less experience, at the start of his career perhaps.
The light was too bright; it bled through his eyelids in a reddish glow, and the beeping sound was speeding up. His tongue was dry, his throat was sore. Had he been ill? Caught a fever, maybe? He tried to summon some saliva to his mouth, with little success. His eyes fluttered open, then squinted immediately closed against the searing light.
John shook his head with a feeling of familiar wonder. He would not have recognized that for a gouge in the steel if his life had depended on it. The upper two scrapes he had seen, but only because he was looking for them - they could have been any random dings or pockmarks left by the building process otherwise. “Amazing,” he muttered quietly.
Sherlock took on the question while John collected himself enough to rejoin the conversation, and John was soon charming his relatives with an animated retelling of their caper. He didn’t let go of Sherlock’s hand until some dramatic gestures were required; Sherlock compensated by swinging his arm up along the back of John’s chair. John leaned into him as he finished the tale, and Sherlock dropped his arm from the chair to his friend’s strong shoulder. “And Sherlock, like always, was absolutely brilliant. He was the only one to realize that the maintenance schedule predicted where the murderer would show up to dispose of his victims. He is just extraordinary, I’ve always said so.”
“John –“ Sherlock growled, embarrassed and aroused all at once. He shut his eyes and dropped his head back, chin to the ceiling. “Just – I don’t know how to do this, John.”
“Right. The door’s this way.”
John turned on his phone and when it had booted up, he pulled up the text app to send a text, tongue poking out a little as he jabbed at the letters.
“Sherlock,
“You look… your face, it… looked like there was something.” Sherlock’s eyes were huge and deep in the dim light, soft with concern. “What were you thinking, just now?”
The room fell silent. Duck relaxed serenely in his chair while John hunched over, willing himself not to start blubbering or giggling like a silly twat. Eventually the urge passed, and he leaned back against the cushions once more, heaving out a lengthy sigh.
John frowned. “What is what?”
He coughed to cover the hesitation and Duck raised a droll eyebrow.
Sherlock craned his head to try and recapture their connection. “You know I would be willing, er, glad to… talk… with you about anything you might need, yes?” He blew out a frustrated breath when John did not look at him. “I want to help,” he offered, again with that careful, tentative note in his voice that made John’s churning belly clench with guilt.
John looked down and scuffed a slipper against the floor, embarrassment keeping him from pressing his question. “I’ll just head back there, then.”
“Ah, brilliant! How could you possibly have seen that?” he said in a strained voice before confining more giggles behind his hand.
“I am enjoying it! I was just talking about the mushrooms a minute ago!” Stephen’s indignant retort cracked shrilly.
He returned to the sofa yet again, deflating down to the cushions. “Look at me, Duck, I’m forty-five, a single father, a widower, and all this time I didn’t know I had the potential to feel that way. How is that possible? Did my fucking knob of an old man really do so much of a number on me that I repressed this my whole life?” John shook his head with a mirthless chuckle, throwing up his hands in disbelief. Duck opened his mouth to say something, then shut it again as John continued.
Sherlock raised a sardonic eyebrow and showed John his phone. The face he had previously seen misshapen and cratered looked back at him grimly from a mug shot apparently taken in an American precinct in New Jersey. Dark olive skin and thick five o’clock shadow featured, with heavy black brows, small fierce eyes, and deep jowls that made the victim look like a none-too-bright-but-likely-dangerous dog... or feral pig, maybe. “Quite the Goliath, that one. I’d not like to bump into him in a dark alley, right enough.”
“This is a lovely place,” he ventured as the silence grew. “I’m glad I ended up here, if I had to be somewhere.”
He heard a rustling again, then a straw was pressed to his lips. “Here, can you drink a little of this? It’s very dry in here, and you were intubated for a time.”
They fell silent and basked in the lassitude of the afterglow and their understanding of each other. There may have been purring, and eventually there was sleep.
He stepped into the kitchen and stopped, listening intently. The flat was quiet, yes, but not empty. John silently placed the bag on the floor and scanned the sitting room for signs of danger. Not quite as he'd left it when he went to the market. Sherlock's violin had been uncased and was balanced carefully on the back of his chair, but the sheet music had fallen from the stand. A sofa cushion lay drunkenly on the floor between his and Sherlock's chairs with the telly remote beside it, batteries scattered from an impact. Sherlock's desk was in its usual disarray and his laptop was on, browser open to a page editor. "Analysis of Saliva Coagulation at 1.6 degrees C." John hoped this meant the gruesome head in the fridge would soon be leaving.
John was Harry’s best man, and his rented tuxedo was too tight in the neck and too loose in the waist. He’s sure he’s yanked his collar, then hiked up his trousers a hundred times; and they haven’t even had the ceremony yet. Of course, he got fitted for the bloody suit before he went for intensive combat training last month - after running for four weeks in full pack, armor, and weapons, he’s certainly put on a fair bit of muscle and is as fit as he’s ever been. He feels great; if only his sodding trousers would stay up! He did his yank-hike routine again and grumbled.
“Christ, that’s direct,” John stuttered. “Er, no, I guess, I’m good with what you said. Kissing is fine; I wasn’t about to tear your clothes off, for God’s sake! And yeah, the whole point is for Marjorie to get the message, so we can’t be too discreet.” John’s cheeks were flushed, Sherlock was surprised to see. ‘Three Continents Watson,’ able to pull a woman from across the room when he put his mind to it, was blushing at the thought of kissing and touching his very male flat mate. Sherlock found his own face rather warm, too. He cleared his throat.
“John -”
“Well, did you do it to yourself, then? Experiment or something?”
, John could tell.
He breathed deeply, inhaling the aroma of sweat, semen and John that surrounded them, then raised his head to look at his lover (
“Sherlock! Are you alright? Sherlock!”
Over the next few weeks Lestrade kept them quite entertained with a series of escalating street robberies that culminated in a chase on foot, then on ‘borrowed’ bicycles, and lastly over the rooftops of some disreputable row housing. Lestrade had been left panting in their dust as Sherlock and John scrambled up a fire escape after their surprisingly nimble perpetrator, who had been disguised as an old man missing a leg. As it happened, the leg was not missing, merely folded up tight, and the old fellow was a 25-year-old former track star who had gotten himself entangled in a drug scheme. They might not have caught him except he hadn’t had as much experience on rooftops as his pursuers, and didn’t see the missing shingle before he stepped on it and put his leg down into an attic. Sherlock and John skidded to a stop nearby and dissolved into wheezing laughter. Sherlock left their swearing, shouting culprit stuck in a hole, with a text to Lestrade to come get the thief and bring a roof patch while he was at it. John’s shining eyes as he read the text and giggled uncontrollably were fantastic. He put them in the front of John’s display in his mind palace.
he thought hopefully. A coincidental erection to the time he was looking at the picture, and not about Sherlock at all. With a mixture of anticipation and dread, John dragged his finger downward, bringing the photo into full view. He tapped it to make it fill the screen, so small to have so much impact. Again his eyes were drawn to the open collar, the defined jaw, the tiny moles on fair skin. Again his breath caught, struck by the unexpected clench of want in his belly - so new, so frightening in its implications. But there all the same.
“Can I just show up and start? Or is there a cycle that I have to wait for?”
"Ah, John," Sherlock said breezily, "shopping all done? Good, good. I need your gun. Or more precisely, I have your gun, and your bullets, but I need the clip. I presume you've hidden it somewhere."
“Already did and they’re waiting for you on the table, that’s what I’ve been saying! Come and eat.” John heaved a sigh and sat himself at his plate, having done his part. He applied jam to toast with gusto. Sherlock pushed the pajama-clad version of the John-mannequin, collarbones and all, into the wardrobe in his mind palace with a quiet click, and joined him.
John described his first day home, the changes Amina and Sherlock had made in his room and how nice it had been to sleep on the crisp sheets. “I probably should have done that myself, ages ago; the room is a whole new place,” John confessed. “After everything Mary and I went through, I feel like I can finally put her behind me. And all it took was a rug and a duvet.” He shook his head disbelievingly.
Sherlock deposited Rosie on the floor of John’s room on a blanket, then turned to look at John enquiringly, hands turned out in an ‘I’m here, if you want one,’ gesture. It had taken only a moment for John to step forward and cling tightly, breathing slow and deep, smelling Sherlock’s pine-and-spice aftershave and London air in the fibers of his coat.
Afterward, he hadn’t thought much about the actual words his father had said; just remembered the fear, and the threat to Harry, and the pain, so overwhelming to his young body. He’d certainly had worse since then, but the pain and the emotional anguish loomed large in his recollection as the single most terrifying moment in his life until he went to Afghanistan.
“I suppose. Well, I’m not up for any more of that tonight. Can we leave this rubbish party now? Or do we need to hammer things home with Marjorie some more?”
Again John was pinned with Sherlock’s top-to-toe scrutiny, and aristocratic brows crinkled in concern. “Everything alright, then?”
Eventually, however, even Sherlock had to admit what was going on with him, with all these feelings swirling around in his head, making him miss vital, important things. Things like Magnussen’s blackmail information being solely in his mind palace. Like the ticking time bomb of John’s marriage, husband to an assassin with everything to lose. Like his own weaknesses being used against him, with disastrous consequences for John, when everything he had done was to keep his best friend safe. His preoccupation had left him backed into a corner there at Appledore, forced to use the least elegant, most brutal force to protect John.
“That should do.” John removed his bag after an appropriate steeping time. Sherlock did the same. “And now you add sugar or cream, if you like. Everyone takes theirs a little differently.”
John did his best to follow Sherlock, although the quick and nimble fawn had to stop occasionally to wait for the army doctor to catch up. After about a half-hour, John began to worry. Did Sherlock really know where they were going? Everything looked exactly the same - it all looked like trees. They were far from the cabin and would be in a great bit of trouble if they got lost.
“Well… yes, I suppose.” John’s tea had turned out perfectly, and he couldn’t help but be pleased as he indulged in a few sips of that perfection.
It took Sherlock a quarter hour to get everything he needed. Most of the plants he required were plentiful and easy to find. The last item he needed, however, was extremely rare. He spent the bulk of his time on the hill searching for the rare purple berries that grew on the elusive cumberbranch.
Some time passed, though for the life of him John couldn’t say how much. The intense draws of suction from John’s arm had slowly faded to slower, shallower sips. Sherlock’s eyes had fallen shut at some point and John could feel his tongue lapping at the edges of where his fangs penetrated John’s skin, catching any and every droplet that escaped. He’s savoring me, John realized with a bit of an internal start. Indeed, the expression on Sherlock’s face was that of a man tasting the home cooking of a beloved relative for the last time. It was as intense as it was revealing, and it made John feel more necessary than he had in all of his life.
Despite having only known Sherlock for a few odd minutes, John was immediately concerned. “You… they sent you away? Why did they do that?” Sherlock’s eyes shone with a flash of anger. “Other fawns hate Sherlock.” he spat out. “Sherlock is freak of forest.”
Mild trigger warning for self hatred related to body image issues.
“John will see,” the fawn mysteriously replied. Before John could inquire further, Sherlock took his hand and began to lead them away from the lake in the direction of the cabin... their cabin, John realized. The cabin had become as much Sherlock’s as it was John’s in just a handful of days. Had it really only been a few days? It felt like it had been so much longer than that…
“I’m not really certain.” John replied, gently removing the bandage so that Molly could see. “It’s the strangest thing, I’ve been getting these bites every three to four weeks or so.”
“You’ll freeze in the winter without a home to sleep in.” Moosecroft insisted, obvious concern seeping into his voice.
I know our favorite consulting detective and army doctor-turned blogger don’t celebrate Thanksgiving. Just pretend they do for the purpose of this fic ☺
“Then why wear hat for when garden? Is no point. Garden hat is stupid.” Sherlock had been sitting in a patch of grass, arms crossed grumpily.
It was clearly the recognizable baritone of Sherlock’s voice, speaking a language John had never heard in all of his travels. The cadence of the words was lyrical and rich, and John found himself just
“Don’t worry, don’t worry yourself. It was a long time ago. I was shot in Afghanistan.” Sherlock looked confused. “Where is Af-ghan-i-stan?” he asked.
John had worn his jumpers religiously since he returned from the war, keeping a thick layer of fabric between his scar and the world. This was the first time, outside of showering and dressing himself, that he had been shirtless since his return.
Sherlock sat for a moment, torn between fear and curiosity. As always, curiosity was more prevalent than fear, so Sherlock scooted over to examine the clock in John’s hands. “The front is just like the clock in the kitchen, only smaller.” John explained. Sherlock nodded, his unease still evident in his demeanor.
For the rest of his life, John Watson would never forget this moment of his life. John was lost in the music, feeling it the melody wrap around his heart and cradle it in color. What was once a painful, lonely night became a symphony of beauty and perfection, all because of that one violin, that one man. And John was thankful. Thankful for Sherlock, his one true friend, the man who gave his wounded soul a home, a life, and an adventure like none he had ever dreamed of. John was thankful for every moment of his life, good and bad, because they led up to this one, him watching and listening to the most intelligent, amazing, beautiful man in the world pour his heart into a song just for John to hear. And anyone who thought Sherlock didn’t have feelings truly was an idiot, because here they were, dancing in the musical notes for John to see. Only for John to see, speaking to him and him alone.
Placing a furred hand in the soil, Sherlock closed his eyes and began to hum from the depths of his baritone, allowing himself to connect with all of the forest around him. He could feel John’s garden – where it used to be, the life it used to have. Sherlock could feel the love John had put into tending to his plants. It was all there to read in the depths of the soil from which they had taken root.
That John could show such innocent concern for semantics on his behalf was enough to elicit an upward twinge in Sherlock’s lip, despite the impending danger of their situation. Sherlock allowed his own hand to rest over John’s, holding it to where it cradled his cheek. “You are far too good to me, John Watson.”
“That’s horrible. That isn’t right at all.” John’s hand returned to Sherlock’s shoulder and this time the fawn didn’t push it away. “No one deserves to be treated like that, especially not someone as brilliant as you.”
Sherlock spent his days exploring forbidden parts of the forest, beyond where the fawns were supposed to roam. There he experimented with fawn magic and searched for ways to cure his ever-present boredom.
The sight of the fire brought to mind memories of the war, and it took a conscious effort for John to shake himself from that train of thought. In an act of silent understanding, Sherlock gently grasped John’s good shoulder and coaxed him away and towards the rickety exit stairs.
“Yes, I’m a doctor. That means I help people when they are hurt.” Sherlock slowly loosened his grip on his arm, extending it towards John gently. “Good.” John praised softly. He carefully took Sherlock’s arm in his hands, turning it so he could see the wound. There was a nasty cut on the side, and quite a bit of bruising from the fall.
“What is towel?” Sherlock’s tail was waggling with excitement as he leaned forward with interest.
Sherlock soon emerged to a waiting cuppa, and John took his place in the loo. Ever the soldier, John showered with military efficiency and soon the two men found each other at opposite sides of the sitting room, warm and clean.
“I was thinking about how thankful I am for you.”
“Sherlock is happy to stay.” the fawn replied. “Where will sleep?”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, and his jaw fell just slack enough to part his lips in wonder. “Why?” The breathless word was all he could manage.
John re-wrapped his bandage while a seemingly oblivious Sherlock extracted the pronator teres from the forearm of his disembodied specimen, taking slow and exact care to keep the muscle intact.
Sherlock walked around the building’s exterior, careful to be quiet so as to not wake up any humans inside. Once he was satisfied with his initial inspection of the area, Sherlock decided to turn his attentions towards the source of the light that attracted him to the house in the first place.
“My kind… when we get close to someone, we crave them.” Sherlock looked directly at John for the first time in all of his admissions. “What you said earlier, how you feel about me… I feel that too. And I crave you, your taste, just the same as how I need you in my life.”
All of the elder man’s righteous bravado had evaporated in the light of renewed circumstances and pain. He surveyed the room in a sweeping gaze of horrified defeat – one that might have caused John to feel for him in another situation and time. The man’s wavering attention turned to John – a feat, truly, given the snarling and blood covered visage of Sherlock mere inches above his face.
Soon John took off his trousers and left them to dry in the sun, leaving him in only his pants. Even though Sherlock was a fawn and wore no clothing, John couldn’t quite bring himself to be completely naked in front of him.
John stared intently at his reflection for a moment, his insecurities multiplying and expanding into a painful wave of self-hate. Embarrassment, shame, and anger boiled within him until he turned away, having seen enough.
The smashed crumbles of root were sifted through the tines of a fork into a cereal bowl and mixed with carefully prepared strips of leaves and the neon-teal juice of a cumberbranch berry. The chunky mixture glowed in the newly settled darkness of the night. Sherlock grinned down at his work.
“You aren’t one.” John spoke clearly as their lips parted. “You are so many things, Sherlock Holmes.” John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s and caressed his fingers over the thick fabric of the Belstaff, uncaring that it was splattered with another man’s blood. “Brilliant. Beautiful. Infuriating, at times. But never a monster.”
Sherlock was knelt on the ground, hand pressed into the dirt where John’s garden used to be, speaking that
“Always.” John’s tongue darted out to wet his lips, his ever-present tick of determination. “More than I trust myself.”  John could have sworn he felt a single sudden beat of pulse from Sherlock’s wrist.
“You’re petting me…” Sherlock grumbled.
“Oh, Sherlock.” John sighed, ruffling the fawn’s wild black curls. “I… the thing is, I was hurt… in the war.”
“We pull ashore.” John decided for them both aloud. “We get out of this boat. We go home.”
“I’ve never seen anything like you before.” John admitted as he bandaged up Sherlock’s arm. “I had no idea such creatures existed.”
“You can’t know that for sure.” John couldn’t restrain his hopeful chime. “They could just be a usual group of thugs who picked up a hot tip about you and ran with it.”
It was the eve before the first morning of Autumn, and Sally Doenavin and Antlerson were busy at work, setting out the decorations and offerings for the coming day’s festivities. A morning brunch would be followed by a processional and address of the fawn council, after which there would be songs and feats of traditional fawn sport for the amusement of young and old alike.
Instead of taking John on the path, Sherlock immediately deviated their trajectory into the sea of trees. John realized that he really should have expected this. Sherlock did live in the forest, after all. Sherlock seemed to be using all his senses to keep track of where he was. The fawn’s eyes were darting around expertly while his ears followed the sounds around them.
“Come on, you.” John initiated a mutual release of the embrace, extending his hand to Sherlock. “Let’s get home before the sun dawns.” Sherlock took John’s offered hand and the two pulled themselves so that both were shakily on their feet.
Tree climbing was frowned upon in the fawn community. Sherlock never understood why climbing a tree was considered taboo. It was the greatest way to look out over the forest, as well as a handy way to keep oneself safe. Sherlock had taught himself to climb trees at a young age, always enjoying the view of the forest from up above. He benefited from the fact that the other fawns couldn’t climb. The tops of tress became an easy escape for Sherlock when he needed it.
“Sherlock...”
Sherlock slowly maneuvered himself into a seated position, rubbing his eyes. “Sherlock is almost always bored.” The fawn replied with a yawn.
“How?” The fawn’s ears twitched and he turned his gaze to his hands in lieu of a reply.
Things immediately went back to the way they had always been – daytime pouts and nighttime cases, not gay pining and married-to-the-work obliviousness. John made tea while Sherlock dissected a tumor-ridden small intestine at the kitchen table. There was no change, really – save the fact that John Watson lay awake each night, hand shaking with a desperate ache to bury itself in soft raven curls, his mind lost in a desperate ponder over the meaning of deep baritone words.
“People are idiots.” Sherlock watched as John took another sip of his tea, the flash of exasperation at this comment almost immediately fading from the human’s features.
“Listen to me…” John instructed with care, allowing his finger to travel up and along a sharp cheekbone before pulling away. “Let’s get you out of here. Let’s get you home, and then we’ll figure out…” John gestured about with vague frustration. “… all of this. Whatever this is, we’ll figure it out.” John stood and offered his hand to Sherlock – a promise. “Like we always do - you and me, together.”
John looked up from the file, perplexed, “who?”
Aunt Brigid was no fool. She adroitly changed the subject to their cases: “did you really catch a killer who tried to shrink wrap the body parts in plastic, like steaks?” Uncle Tim’s eyes opened wide; he apparently hadn’t read the ‘Vacuum-packed Adventure’ on John’s blog yet.
After a while, John rolled onto his back, tipping his chin up and smacking his lips. His legs straightened, stretching, and a mostly bare arm came up to tuck in behind his head as he pulled in a deep breath. His eyes fluttered open, and he turned his head to regard Sherlock with a sleepy smile. “Hullo, there,” he said, voice raspy with disuse.
John jumped up from the floor to grab at Sherlock’s coat, flipping it open and turning his friend’s torso to the light. Sherlock was wearing dark trousers and a deep blue shirt, so the staining didn’t show until the light hit it and made the wetness gleam, a glimpse of bright red peeking through a tear in the fabric. “Sherlock, what the hell?” John gasped. “Why didn’t you tell me you were hurt?” He hastened to pull his friend’s shirt from the waistband of the trousers, slowing to move more gently when Sherlock hissed through his teeth and flinched away. “Sorry, sorry. When did he even have a chance to slash you? He knocked me over but I wasn’t down more than a second or two...oh my god.”
He felt tears slipping from the corners of his eyes, running back into his hair, just as they had on that fateful night less than a week ago.
the dancer seemed to double-take and stepped over to walk a circle around her, avidly observing her with desire written on his face. Sherlock begrudgingly gave the dancer credit - he was skilled at conveying his emotions clearly through body posture and facial expression, and what he was conveying was inappropriate in the extreme. He looked as though he wanted Lady Grey to devour him right there on the simulated street, on a stage in front of four hundred people. Sherlock couldn’t help but empathize.
“John,” he said gravely, “I owe you an apology.”
~~oOo~~
Down below, a greying ash blond head came into view. Sherlock notes John has been to the barber this morning, tidying up the very appealing hairstyle he’s adopted over the last year. He looks trim as usual, though his fashion sense had always left something to be desired. Sherlock occasionally catches himself dressing John in his mind palace, the compact body revolving like a mannequin, dressed from pants outward to Sherlock’s exacting standards in the finest of fabrics and rich, deep colors. When he realizes he’s doing it, he packs the mind-John away in a huge wardrobe.
“Hide what?” Sherlock asked, motionless and unblinking. He held himself tightly in check, when he really wanted to shake his friend and yell “Who is she? Who will take you from me?!”
Sherlock knitted his brows, nonplussed at Duck’s easy acceptance. John could see him analyzing, trying to figure out just what made this unusual man tick. “Better the truth than a polite fiction, or a feel-good story,” he retorted. Sherlock clearly still felt slighted that John wanted to talk about his feelings with Duck and not himself.
he thought as she finished patting and squishing his face with her chubby hands and then turned her attention back to her lunch, leaning precariously over to grab for a bright carrot morsel and squawking when she couldn’t reach. “Alright then, I can see what’s more important to you, my hungry little rascal.” He put her back into her chair, then sank into one of the kitchen chairs himself and accepted a mug of tea from Amina with a smile and a sigh.
“That’s the back,” John said. “Here, let me,” he took the harness back again, righted it, and bent to hold the loops open. “You step in here, right, and there, uh-huh, and these straps go between your legs, and these go up over your shoulders and come together at your chest and …” he clicked the buckle, “there, like that.” He leaned over to check that the harness was not twisted anywhere, skimming light fingers over the straps as they passed around Sherlock’s thighs, up his sides, and around his arms to connect at his breastbone. “Right, that’s good,” he said, patting the straps on the lean chest. He looked up into Sherlock’s face, to find his friend a little pink in the cheeks and looking out at the view of the site.
A gleeful, greedy part of him rubbed metaphorical hands together in anticipation, while the more rational part goggled at his seemingly seamless acceptance of impending gay snogging sessions. It defied understanding. John chalked it up to the euphoria of the moment - a break in the case and the breaking of his personal hang-up all in the space of an hour.
“Ah-ha!” Sherlock spun with what looked like a huge black spider clutched in one hand, his face alight with triumph. “I knew you’d forget your charger!”
Mary’s dying face and words of love - his cynical questioning of their truth as she slipped away.
Oh god. Taking pills, sending an email. Sherlock... crying?
Dear god, how he adored John! The heat that had been banked below his belt stirred and flared for a moment as he imagined John’s expression planning these little touches, the slightly naughty, mischievous smirk on his pink lips as he gave instructions to the cabaret staff. Oh, the things he wanted to do to those lips, to all of John... Sherlock realized he was at risk of becoming indecent, and thought unsexy thoughts for a moment to collect himself.
John’s head snapped back around and he stared a moment, then huffed a quiet chuckle. “Thanks,” he said, shaking his head a little. “Never thought I’d need it for a case, but I’m glad it came in useful.” Good humor somewhat restored, John led the way to the bar, pulling Sherlock by the hand.
“Is it wrong to be gay, John?” Duck asked pointedly.
“No, I think we’ve made the point rather nicely. God yes, let’s go.” Sherlock took John’s hand and led him out, heading for the stairs. John was very quiet as they ascended, and after a moment, let go of Sherlock.
"That's how long you took. I bet myself you wouldn't last a minute thirty."
Lestrade had come up beside the foreman now, and was speaking quietly to him, wearing his best ‘this is serious business, let us get on with it’ expression. John left them to it, and snagging another harness for Sherlock, he shuffled down the beam with the hangers attached to his ropes clanking along the steel behind him.
It was during his second tour that he received the unexpected email.
“Well done, your Mum, then,” Sherlock smiled again, the one that made deep crows’ feet crinkle up by his eyes. John felt heat creep abruptly up the back of his neck and across his cheeks. He stared down at his feet to hide it. Bloody hell, he hadn’t blushed since his teens, as best he could remember. Why now?
A little later, having had a pleasant cup of tea and two slices of toast with jam, John was sitting on his own bed reading back over the case details Sherlock had sent him and the increasingly urgent text messages that had followed while he was out running. He could follow Sherlock’s rising concern easily, and guilt roiled in his gut. True, Sherlock had jumped to the worst possible conclusion without assessing the facts - which was quite unlike him, actually - but John couldn’t blame him for it. In the weeks after the Culverton Smith case, John had been hyper-vigilant about Sherlock’s state, too - demanding to see his arms to look for track marks, checking his eyes for constricted pupils or bloodshot whites, scrutinizing him constantly for the slightest sign of backsliding into drug use. Only after some time had passed without incident did he relax his attention back to more usual levels.
thought John,
As Sherlock shrugged his opinion of their erstwhile companions, John stepped close - looking up into Sherlock’s face, quizzical and smiling. He tilted his head and swayed forward, hand on Sherlock’s chest to steady himself. “This feels a little familiar,” he said, “I don’t mind.” He leaned in more fully and slid the hand up to Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Can’t. Too bored.”
“I don’t mind, either,” Sherlock said, all his attention riveted on the man resting against him. He put his arms around John’s back (
Sherlock snorted quietly. “I’d not do that to Rosie - or you - again, John.” They followed their lumbering guide down a long stair into what seemed to be a once-finished basement; the smell of damp and marijuana with overtones of old piss intensified.
John snorted. “I’m going to bring it up again when I get out of here, you know. Might be nice to have a running partner.”
bed. It had been much too long since he last slept here.
John returned from his run an hour and a half later feeling calmer, but not much more enlightened than when he left. His two slow laps of the garden in what passed for darkness on an early London evening had done much to drive off the oncoming panic his emotional realization had caused, but no miraculous clarifying epiphanies struck out of the blue.
John blinked, caught off guard by the question. “Don’t you? Or, er you… think it’s a woman, then?”
John found himself wrapped again in a firm hug, which he bemusedly returned for a moment. When the door opened with a rattling of the knob, he and Greg sprang apart like naughty teens and turned identical embarrassed looks to Sherlock framed in the doorway. Silver-blue eyes inspected them closely, narrowed with irritation.
“How could you be so stupid! Now you’re bleeding, and while you won’t need stitches because of course, you’re right, it is just a graze -”
“You’re a very good kisser, John. You’ve clearly honed your skills.” Sherlock delivered in his drollest deadpan. (
She looked at him gravely. “We do empty the bins in your room, Dr Watson.”
Sherlock indeed was drawn up to his full height, scrutinizing Duck with laser-like focus, eyes flicking top to toe, left to right. Duck stepped forward with his usual forthrightness, extending his hand despite the recipient’s forbidding body language. “Sherlock, I assume? It’s a pleasure to meet you. Thank you for what you’ve done for John these last few weeks, it’s been so important to his progress.”
A fellow by the door, who seemed less affected than the general rabble, stood up and weaved over to him. “Who are you looking for, eh, then?” His eyes were bloodshot.
Silence fell between them for a painfully long minute, John flexing and releasing his hands while Sherlock stared at him.
“Yes, well, if they used their brains a little more often then I’d not need to enlighten them quite so strenuously,” Sherlock deadpanned, then slumped in one of the visitor’s chairs before the desk. “I believe you have a case? You did send a text?”
.” He felt a shudder ripple up her spine and her grip tightened on his arm. Served her right for the torture, sublime though it may have been, that he had suffered all day. His expression as he straightened was serene; he did his best to appear entirely unruffled. “Shall we?”
Behind him, a satisfied ‘Ha!’ sounded. He spun, to see Sherlock putting on his coat. “Something up?” he asked.
“Practice, John. We haven’t practiced embracing or much of anything more than helping each other through the door this week, and we leave in a few hours. Do you want our first hug to be when you introduce me to your step-relative-woman-person? I’m sure that would be very convincing, while we figure out where our arms go and which way to turn our heads.” Sherlock responded acerbically.
“I didn’t want to have to kill them.” Sherlock rumbled, his voice small.
“You’re an idiot.” John’s curt words effectively halted Sherlock’s babbling. “And you’re dying.” John pressed his own arm into the points of Sherlock’s fangs, not quite breaking the skin, but drawing the detective’s focus back to where it needed to be. “Take what you need.”
John had to admit that the water looked irresistibly enticing. “But I didn’t bring anything to swim in, or any towels.” John qualmed as he marveled at the feel of the fawn’s furred hand clasping his.
A series of cassette tapes recorded in code had led the consulting duo on a zigzag tour of the bowels of London. As was common in such a riveting case, Lestrade and his team had been left in the dust of the chase long ago, and were just as likely to catch up to Sherlock as John was to get a decent night’s sleep in the near future.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Make it stop,” Sherlock begged, breathless and raspy. “Please… make it stop.”
He was so mesmerized with the porch light, he didn’t notice the small button next to the door that his tail was pressing lightly against. Sherlock’s tail waggled a bit and pressed against the doorbell, causing it to ring loudly. Sherlock gave a bleat of surprise and stumbled backwards, not minding the steps that lead up to the porch. He tumbled down the steps, landing hard on the rough ground below.
“I know you.” John took one of Sherlock’s hands into his smaller ones, relishing the warm life he felt within the pale skin. “I trust you, and I…” John turned his face away, failing to hide his blush from the world’s most observant eyes. “I care about you.”
The vampire closed his eyes and allowed himself to sleep.
“Would you be willing to play the rest of it?”
“Now you see,” John huffed out in an anguished breath, setting the shirt aside, his scar completely bared to the fawn. John’s eyes were closed, shielding him from his friend’s reaction.
Moosecroft stepped out of the trees, an angry scowl on his face. He stomped over to Sherlock and prodded at him with his large, foolishly decorated antlers. “Why can you never follow instructions, brother mine?” Moosecroft admonished in the fawn language.
Sherlock gazed at John for a silent moment, and the soldier could feel the detective’s eyes cataloguing him like a highly-focused lens. Then, Sherlock bit into John’s flesh.
“You are the only living person I have ever drank from.” Sherlock’s nerves trembled in his voice. “I… it’s hard to explain.”
There was a calming in the energy, much like the anticipated final chord of a spellbinding progression. The fur Sherlock didn’t realize had been standing on end fell back into its usual placement along the fawn’s skin. Everything seemed to clear and settle into place, leaving only crisp forest air and the omnipresent chirping of crickets and other insects in the night.
“Because I’m alone in the cabin… and you’re alone in the forest.” John answered finally. “So it only seems right.”
“Sorry.” Sherlock said. “Usually swim alone.” The fawn stood up and fixed his fur with his hands until he deemed his appearance satisfactory. Sherlock still needed to collect the materials necessary for fixing John’s garden. “Sherlock is go gather from bushes.” He announced to John, pointing towards the thicket that covered the gently rising hill.
“I will do no such thing!” Sherlock stood tall, ignoring the gasps of the crowd.
Moosecroft snorted and butted at Sherlock with his antlers. “Get up. We are leaving this dangerous part of the forest and going to the fawn council meeting where you belong!”
Sometimes, Sherlock would provide his hand, bringing John to a fast climax with long fingers that knew exactly how to pleasure, both a scientist’s and an artist’s to John’s skin. But more often than not, the detective’s transport would give in, fed and spent and ready to claim the rest it so desperately needed. This was perfectly fine, as there was a post-case morning shag on the horizon that would more than suffice John’s needs, and John was usually just as tired after everything they’d been through.
Some had gone on sightseeing excursions, and others came ashore exclusively so they might dine at the homes of local dignitaries and pay social calls.
Looking around him now, Sherlock can see traces of the city’s expanding population as well as their efforts to accommodate the sudden influx of people on all sides. Everywhere there are signs of construction, new buildings being erected and others in various states of completion—sewers being dug, trees being planted, shutters being painted, fences being built.
With a triumphant flourish, Sherlock thumbed open the fastening on the lock that was binding his hands to John’s.
And he worries.
Sherlock is just counting himself lucky that John’s mess is currently
“The bed sheets!” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Honestly, you’re still—” He was interrupted by the sound of his phone.
Sherlock can no longer keep looking at John; he’s dropped his eyes to the deck in front of him, clutching the neck of his violin for dear life. He knows he’s supposed to be playing along but he can’t—he just can’t.
He rubs his cheek against the smoothness of John’s chest and then wriggles back a bit, readjusting so that his nose is pressed into the warm hollow under John’s arm.
weren’t saying anything about it. I couldn’t understand why you wouldn’t just make the first move. So I thought I’d help you—by making the first move for you.”
he mustn’t speak to him; after the relief of finding out that John is safe, how can he dare to risk John’s wellbeing again?
so badly to believe it’s true, but John only has so much control over the situation. There are so many things that could still go wrong.
Sherlock draws in a breath to ask a question, but before he can ask it, John’s smiling mouth has found his own again and this time, John’s lips are sliding against his so softly, the fingers that are cupping Sherlock’s jaw moving back toward Sherlock’s ear and down the skin of Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock gasps at the sensation that light touch awakens in him, and feels John’s smile grow against him. The changing shape of John’s mouth fills Sherlock with new information, sending little stars of pleasure skipping over Sherlock’s skin.
John’s hands smooth down Sherlock’s back. “I’m right here.”
“How on earth could you know that? There’s no tickets on the bodies! And how do you know they were going on a cruise?”
“Er… nothing,” Sherlock says, rising swiftly to his feet and pulling Molly with him. “I’ll be right back.”
And then the solution comes to him. He can spend as much time as he likes at 221B, he only needs to give John a light dosage of a mild sedative to ensure he won’t wake up. It’s a matter of only a few hours work to concoct the type of solution he requires.
John must sense his uncertainty because he sits up then, eying Sherlock through a heavy fringe of golden lashes.
He dresses well, almost too well for someone of his background, with a self-consciousness that leads Sherlock to believe he comes from one of those families that has only recently pulled itself out of poverty in the last few generations.
Sherlock nods, eyes still shut, trembling so hard he feels he will shake apart, and then John’s mouth is pressing a kiss into the skin of his throat, whispering, “Can you sit up for me?”
“How did you…” John repeated stupidly, hand gesturing vaguely at the newly revived plants. The befuddled army doctor’s fingers landed on a leaf of his prized tomato plant, pausing to feel the texture of the veins laced throughout the greenery. “How is this possible?”
“Give me… your arm.” John slowly extended his left arm into Sherlock’s trembling hands. Pale fingers undid the cuff of John’s shirt and rolled back the sleeve, exposing the skin of John’s forearm to the cold air.
Sherlock thought about this as he stood up and ambled to the table. He had actually been very engaged most of the time since meeting John. The short, sandy-haired man truly interested him. It wasn’t just because John was a human who was allowing Sherlock to enter his home- it was because John was… well, John.
John violently tugged on his thickest jumper and crawled deep into the covers of his bed, the image of his scar cruelly dancing across his mind as he tried his best to fall into slumber.
At this, Sherlock looked up from what he was doing, lips drawn in a tense line. “I’m sure it’s nothing,” he replied curtly, sounding very much unlike himself.
“Are they hurting you?” Molly tried to pass the query off casually, but John could tell it was part of a direct line of questioning.
There were concerned gasps and murmurs from the gathering crowd. Moosecroft’s lips drew into a grim line.
. It brought John overwhelming peace to have the thing he loved most in his arms, cared for by his hands. Their love was art, and this was how John crafted it - through closeness and tender care.
And how they would react… the prospect frightened John. Sure, he could cover it up with a thick shirt or a jumper and no one would see. But in the heat of summer he’d feel uncomfortable, and people would notice his strange attire for the season. They’d expect a thin t-shirt, and even in that he’d feel as if his scar was too close to being exposed. He’d feel wrong.
John discovers something new about his friend that he never could have imagined.
Molly nodded at this before asking her next question with an even less believable feigned nonchalance than the first. “What do you think is causing them?”
The more interest Sherlock showed in the humans, the more socially isolated he became from the rest of his kind. None of the others knew to what extent Sherlock was educating himself on human behavior. However, many had suspicions that Sherlock was up to no good, gossiping openly about his strange behavior and general disregard for fawn tradition.  Sherlock was unmoved by their speculations. He was used to being alone. He always had been. One cannot know they are missing something when they have never possessed it in the first place.
Sherlock immediately calmed, standing to his feet and brushing his fur back into place. “Where was John?” he inquired, causing a tickle of guilt to trouble at John’s inner conscience.
Sherlock traveled in the general direction of the light, marking his path every so often so he could find his way back. Sherlock walked for some time before he finally saw a faint glow coming through the trees. He pushed past the thick foliage and found a structure of some sort. It was large, the sides and top appearing to be made of wood. Sherlock had never seen anything like it before. The fawn crept out from behind the trees and looked over his discovery.
Sherlock snorted a laugh. “When have I ever been one to joke, brother?” Sherlock kicked the rest of the cakes off the table, making a huge mess. “I, Sherlock Holmes am voluntarily leaving as an alternative to the council’s idiotic demands.”
“Yes.” John smiled.
“Not bleeding…” Sherlock shakily attempted to pull himself into a seated position, only to collapse back to the ground like a shaky newborn fawn. “I need… something I can lean against.”
“Sherlock is best friend of John…” the fawn repeated in awe, before continuing with confident resolution. “And John is best friend of Sherlock.”
Antlerson was nearly finished laying out the ceremonial flower crowns when he was stopped in his tracks by a troubling sight.
“For bubbles!” Sherlock announced, much like a gleeful child. “What else is John buy?”
“Whatever you want, you can have.” John leaned into Sherlock’s touch. “What do you want, Sherlock?”
Sherlock cried out in pain, clutching his arm close to his chest. He could see there was some blood- he must have cut himself. Sherlock cursed softly in the fawn language, trying his best to scoot away from the house. It was then that the door opened, and a short, sandy-haired human peered out into the night.
“Come here.” Sherlock’s deep voice pulled John from his thoughtless serenity. “You’re cold.” John was, he realized. His entire frame was shaking, caught in the bite as the night’s chill reflected from the surrounding water. Sherlock extended an arm, and John found himself ensconced in Sherlock’s warmth. The change was immediate – they settled together and everything was right.
“There is something you don’t know about me.” Sherlock began, each word sounding as if it could be his last. John listened, focused deep in his friend’s eyes. “I don’t know how to explain it, I don’t know how you’d believe me. But right now I need your help.”
The creature’s eyes were quite large, beautifully blue in shade with golden speckles scattered like a galaxy in the iris. They darted about, taking in everything they saw. They looked as if they were cataloging every detail of the room, studying it with interest and precision. An oval-shaped black nose, soft and a bit squishy in appearance, sniffed at the air. Two large, furry ears flicked about from time to time.
John began to ascend the stairs to the flat when a beautiful sound stopped him in his tracks. It was the violin, being softly played upstairs. Sherlock. But it couldn’t be. Sherlock was having Thanksgiving dinner with Mycroft and the extended Holmes family. The violin sang a soft, haunting melody that was heart-wrenching and beautiful at the same time, filled with longing, sadness, and love. The mournfully worshipful music sank straight to John’s heart, and he couldn’t help the strange feeling in his soul that the song belonged to him in some way.
Sherlock’s lips parted in a tiny exhale of surprise at the touch, his miraculous eyes looking from where John’s hand was in his, to the army doctor’s concerned midnight blue gaze. “John was supposed to be in sleep.”
What a stupid fool he had been to think he could walk about without a shirt. What a stupid, pathetic, idiotic fool. He couldn’t go without something to hide this… this monstrosity that covered his shoulder. His skin was marred, proof that he was broken. That he was useless and undesirable. This is why John needed to live in the woods, away from the rest of the world. Because it was easier, it was easier for him to not be seen by others. He could exist on his own and never worry about how others would react to seeing his body.
John was a bit taken aback and extremely curious. How could a pouch of leaves and rocks be so important that he couldn’t go near it? “What exactly are you going to do with all that?” he inquired.
John instinctively jerked his arm from Sherlock’s grasp and gave a gasp of a whole different nature, the sound of which sent a visible shockwave of shame through Sherlock’s frame. Sherlock’s eyes fell shut, shielding himself from the sight of John’s involuntary panic. It was as if the detective had been stripped bare in light of the cruelest scrutiny.
Sherlock knew he was a disappointment to his brother. He didn’t really mind; Moosecroft was an idiot like all the rest. In fact, in Sherlock’s mind Moosecroft’s high ranking in the council and decorated fur made him the biggest idiot of all.
“Sherlock is not a hoax!” John said a bit louder than he had intended, feeling his anger heat up into a boil.
“Stop worry.” Sherlock chirped. “Are almost there.” John never ceased to be amazed at how the fawn always seemed to sense exactly what he was thinking.
Thanks for waiting everyone! More chapters coming as soon as I can write them! I hope this brightens everyone's day, and thanks from the bottom of my heart for reading!
Once the inside of the cabin was eliminated as the location of the wayward fawn, John extended his investigation to the yard. Stepping out into the cool summer air, John was about to call out Sherlock’s name when he was stopped in his tracks by a peculiar and mesmerizing sound.
“You don’t understand.” Sherlock spun around to face John. “These men are dangerous. They know what I am.” Sherlock allowed a moment for this to sink in, content only when the playful attraction to danger had sobered in John’s eyes. “If they are like me…”
“This is going to hurt a bit, okay?” John cautioned as he readied the surgical thread. “But I promise it’s going to make your cut heal faster.” John took an antiseptic cloth and gently cleaned around the wound. John found it was harder to clean off an arm that was covered in fur than it was to clean off the skin he was used to treating.
Sherlock nodded, understanding. “It is not the things you say. It is not scary.” Sherlock said as he petted the scar lightly. “John scar is brilliant.”
“How can you even stand that? I’ve heard that he’s a terrible person to be around.” John couldn’t keep back a slight grimace at the remark. Sherlock could be harsh and uncaring at times, but he didn’t deserve to be described as terrible.
“It’s not that. It’s just… I’ve been getting these bites,” John explained. “I think it’s been happening while I’ve been sleeping, and I’m trying to figure out what is causing them.”
“We were talking about it before you arrived, and we just can’t see how it is possible for anyone to be able to make all these grand “deductions” as he calls them from such tiny details.”
Just when John thought he couldn’t crawl any farther the shrubs ended, and John found himself in the most gorgeous clearing he had ever seen. To the north was a hillside covered with various fruit and berry-bearing plants. To the south was a lovely shaded grassy area surrounding a gorgeous lake filled with pristine water.
Were John awake, he would have been incredibly amused at the sight of Sherlock attempting to break apart a hunk of brown root by hitting it repeatedly with a plastic spatula. When the spatula proved a fruitless acquisition, Sherlock tossed it aside and pulled a wine opener from the artillery of cookware tucked away in his antlers. This proved a better fit for the job, breaking the root into crumbles after a few minutes of determined jabbing.
“No, Sherlock. You did nothing wrong.” John sighed, taking a seat at the edge of the lake, his feet still dipped in the clear water.
“I was at the store.” John replied. “I’m sorry. I should have told you where I was headed. It’s just that you looked so comfortable, I didn’t want to wake you.”
John simply lay for a moment, chest heaving from the exertion – he really was getting too old for this. Another pained baritone wail, no longer muffled by the division of the door, immediately pulled John from his moment of weakness and into the reality of his current situation.
“What is John trade for?” Sherlock returned the now slobbery coin to John’s palm, bringing the bill close to his face for thorough examination.
“It’s a comment from the blog.” John explained, holding his mobile for the stone-still detective to see. “I posted a photo of my mystery bites and some whackjob in the comment section is alleging that I’ve been repeatedly bitten by a vampire.”
John couldn’t help but smile as Sherlock recited back part of the definition the fawn had forced him to read from the dictionary. “That is what you really think then, of my scar. You think it is brilliant.” John marveled with disbelief.
“Sherlock… what is this place?” John questioned in amazement as he stood up and gazed at the surroundings.
“I’m holding you now.” John tightened his embrace. “I’ll hold you forever.”
“This is a tea bag.” John opened a packet of Twinings and transferred the contents into outstretched furry hands. The curious fawn immediately held the bag to his nose, inhaling intently.
Sherlock would flop onto the couch with his gown spread about him, bringing to exhaustion a dramatic flair. John allowed him these moments, because after all the outward exclamations and deductions, John knew Sherlock had considerations to see to within. No doubt Sherlock’s mind was more cluttered than the flat, a palace of disarray to be tidied by Sherlock alone. John would grab a quick shower, militarily efficient even as he gave Sherlock space. A straight bar of soap and a basic shampoo was enough for John Watson, and it was never long before he’d be out and cozied up in a clean robe and slippers.
John had been comfortably lost in the most pleasant dream – he and Sherlock sprinting through the streets of London on a thrilling chase. When he awoke the evening had fully transitioned into night. Stretching out the usual after-nap stiffness in his shoulder, John searched the room for any signs of the gangly fawn. Sherlock was adept at taking up residence in the strangest of places – under the coffee table, between the curtain rods and the window examining a dead fly, clomping about the bathroom with his hoof stuck in one of John’s sandals. John had even discovered him once inside the oven, antlers disturbingly close to inadvertently tearing out the gas line. For this reason, John was always unsurprised but concerned when the curious fawn was out of sight.
Sherlock’s stomach dropped. He immediately stood up and backed away, his nostrils flaring.
John immediately tensed up at the idea of swimming without his clothes. The image of his scar flashed in his mind. “I… Maybe I’ll just stick my feet in,” the army doctor sputtered. “The water might be too cold for humans.” He let go of Sherlock’s hand.
John returned a beaming smile of his own and paused to consciously note every detail of the moment, so as to preserve it in his memory for all his days to come. Let’s pull ourselves ashore.” John suggested. And they did just that, abandoning the skiff as they had found it, washed away aside the river Thames.
“So you still are living with that Sherlock bloke,” Sarah’s father asked, his disdain towards John’s flatmate evident in his tone of voice.
Time passed – how long, John was unsure. John simply held Sherlock, and God how perfect it was to have the man in his arms. Sherlock didn’t say anything, and John didn’t expect him to. The man had been pushed to the brink in more ways than one, and there would be plenty of time for words in the safety of Baker Street.
Any reply on John’s part was silenced by the disconcerting clank of an old lock being forced open, followed by the creaking swing of an aged door. The only point of entry, situated at the top of a questionably rickety set of stairs, was compromised.
“Shite, the light’s gone dark!” A crude cockney voice barked from the doorway.
John could see the fawn meant his words. In the short time he’d known Sherlock he’d never seen the fawn this emotional about anything. John looked at his friend, who had brought him to this secret place in the forest just to cheer him up. Despite his insecurities screaming at him to stop, John slowly pulled his t-shirt over his head.
“No, no Cheerios this morning. I thought today we’d try something new… don’t look like that. We can’t have cold cereal every morning, silly fawn.” Sherlock continued to pout. “Am not ‘silly fawn’.”
The first thing John noticed when he walked in the front door of the cabin was the fact that everything seemed to be in its proper place and Sherlock was nowhere to be seen in the sitting room or kitchen. The second thing he noticed was the piercingly loud sound of his alarm clock ringing in the bedroom.
It was the detective’s turn to reach out a hand and cup the face of the man beside him. “This is more than I ever could have hoped to have wanted.”
“In your bed?” John finished where Sherlock had trailed off, to which the detective blushed and gave a sheepish nod. “I’ve thought of you... like that... before.” John admitted, wrenching the tiniest exhale of a gasp from the parted lips of the clueless detective before him. “Is that really so hard to believe?”
Some time passed, belonging silently to the two friends and the night. They simply sat, hand in hand, eyes traveling from the garden, to one another, to the stars in the sky above. The moment was broken only when John dissolved into a fit of boyish giggles.
John gave a steadfast nod and set to work. The generator was complicated. John knelt beside it and gave it a once-over, fingers searching for but unable to locate an off switch. John turned his focus next to the cord connecting the generator to the light stand, a sharp tug yielding no method of disconnection from either side.
It was the first night of summer. John had used up all his building money and thus was unable to afford air conditioning. The sticky heat of the night had enveloped all it touched, leaving John feeling as if he was trapped in an oven of humidity. John had eaten dinner and was relaxing on the couch with a novel when he decided enough was enough – he stripped off his jumper and threw it into a heap on the floor.
Suddenly a thought came to John. “If fawns live far away from where humans are, then what are you doing here?” Sherlock’s demeanor changed entirely, from happy to troubled. He sat for a moment before replying, and John briefly thought he wouldn’t reply at all.
“What time is it really?” Something about the way Sherlock yawned reminded John of a kitten, raising a worn chuckle from his throat.
Sherlock could already see the icy stares from the audience and members of the council.  He often wished he could just grow accustomed to them- he always received them when he spent time near the other fawns. There was something, however, about being started at like he was a disease that Sherlock couldn’t get used to, no matter how often it happened.
“You’re back early.” Sherlock said without turning his gaze from the window.
“Hello.” The fawn said, looking John over with his large eyes.
“John is upset,” the fawn observed, joining John at the lake’s edge. The former army doctor didn’t reply, gazing into the water longingly. “John tell Sherlock. Please.” Sherlock’s voice was filled with concern. “Sherlock is not want John unhappy.”
John shook his head. “You truly are the silliest fawn.”
As the sun began to peek through the car windows, Sherlock buried his face farther into John’s jumper. “You can’t tell anyone that I let you pet me…”
Fuck it. John grabbed a chunk of crumbled stone from the ground, shielding Sherlock with his own body and taking aim with the precision of a marksman. The rock shattered the bulb of the light and the filament within, generating a magnificent spark that shot its way along the cord, frying the generator in a burst of smoke.
Sherlock’s fangs ascended and his claws withdrew, returning him to his usual form of lanky detective. He was covered in blood – particularly his hands, each long finger of which was thoroughly coated. He looked weak and frightened in a way that John had never before seen, and it wrenched a horrible sensation from John’s heart.
Sherlock smiled and nodded. “Won’t take long. John can stay for relax in lake. Sherlock will be where John can see.” Sherlock motioned towards the various bushes on the hillside across the way.
The fawn opened his eyes and was met with the utterly dumbfounded gaze of John Watson, standing in his robe and slippers, clinging to the garden gate as if it was the only thing anchoring him from flying away into the sky above.
. They would fall into a tangle, arms and legs intertwined, each holding the other in some way. And the whirlwind detective would finally drift to sleep, like a gentle boat in calm waters, quiet and serene. But no matter how long he’d gone without, how desperately his body was pulling to slip over into rest, Sherlock always found a moment to say it.
Sherlock looked down at his violin as if it was an alien object he had never seen before, and looked back at John. Without breaking eye contact, he slowly brought the instrument up to his chin and placed the bow on the strings. John nodded, and Sherlock closed his eyes and began to play.
As John’s trousers dried, he relaxed in the shallow side of the lake, simply enjoying the warmth of the sun. Sherlock emerged from the lake and shook off his fur like a dog. “Oi! Be careful where you’re shaking!” John yelled as drops of water flew about, some landing on his face.
“Is hurt?” Sherlock asked, his fingers tracing where the bullet had pierced John’s skin. “Only sometimes.” John answered. “But it hurts me, in my heart. When I see it.” He explained.
John nodded at this further explanation. “I would apologize for waking and intruding,” he began, pulling a bit of soil from Sherlock’s fur. “But
There was a snap and a deep growl of frustration as Sherlock tore the victim’s pronator teres in half.
“It’s all okay, Sherlock.” John chuckled, picking up the wailing little clock and switching off the alarm. Once the source of the offending sound was vanquished, John went to comfort Sherlock, who was still hiding under the blanket and trembling.
John reached out to touch the cleverly-constructed leaf pouch that the fawn was holding. Much to the army doctor’s surprise Sherlock backed away. “Cannot touch! Is important.” He insisted.
“Gather what?” John asked, turning away from the basking turtle he was watching to consdier the fawn.
“Is not just leaf,” Sherlock corrected. “Is also grass, dirt, rock, and berries.”
The fawn’s eyes widened and John could have sworn he could see some blush underneath the spotted brown fur on his cheeks. “I only wish I knew what that was… Christ, Sherlock. That shouldn’t be possible. That… how was that possible? You just… gave them life.” John let his gaze peruse the plants in question once again, shaking his head with the broadest of smiles on his face. All the while his fingers absent-mindedly pet at the fur on Sherlock’s hand.
“Can you try?” John wondered if his nerves carried over into his own voice as well. “I just need to understand.”
Every iota of Sherlock’s visage was awestruck. His bottom lip trembled and the backlog of tears began to slowly escape his eyes. “John… you… you don’t know. Once you know… you could never… you don’t know what I am…”
“Sherlock spy for listen to people speak. Taught self from what hear.”  John was immediately impressed. He would never have imagined such an animal-like creature to be so intelligent.
“There… is that better?” John asked. Sherlock nodded and tentatively brought John’s free hand to the other, unattended floppy ear. John understood and began to pet it as well. John moved his fingers to the base of Sherlock’s ears, causing a deep purr to reverberate from the fawn’s chest.
Outside the thick curtains of Sherlock’s window the sun was alight, and the bustle of the morning’s goings on could be heard from the streets below. The rest of the world, so far removed from Sherlock’s existence, was turning like the cogs of an old and overworked machine.
“Where are you bleeding?” John began to pull at Sherlock’s shirt and coat, desperate to find something that he could heal, something that he could understand.
Thank you to all who are still with me. I've been meaning to update this fic for so long and am now finally adding a new chapter. I have more planned, so stay tuned. Lots of love - Frannie :)
John would help Sherlock to their bed, gangly arm slung over his shoulders until the mattress was within reach. John would pull back the covers and they would slide in, warm and safe and comfortable and
Ever petulant, Sherlock rolled his eyes at the display. “Your religious fervor is unnecessary and misguided to my lore.” Sherlock scoffed, much akin to the poisonous tone he used when chiding Anderson. “I am not the devil you think me to be, but I won’t hesitate to kill you like one if you bore me. Now, tell me your employer’s name!”
“It isn’t evil. It’s just an alarm clock.” John explained. “Come here. You want me to tell you what is does, don’t you? Or would you rather spend the whole day wondering?”
A brief look of concern crossed over Moosecroft’s features. “You must attend today’s meeting,” his only reply as he began to walk, expecting Sherlock to follow him. Sherlock did, only because he had never seen a look like that on Moosecroft’s features before.
It took less than a heartbeat after those words were spoken for John Watson to pull Sherlock Holmes into the most breathtaking kiss either had ever experienced, and suddenly everything was right in every way. When they came apart, as he brushed a stray raven-black hair back into place and stared into blue eyes filled with golden speckles, John Watson realized that he was an idiot, because all he needed to be thankful for was right in front of him all along, and he had been too stupid to see it.
“Six on clock.” Sherlock repeated incorrectly, his nose crinkled with confusion. “John is eat dinner at six on clock.”
John was doing a remarkably impressive job of staying calm and objective, giving his friend the space to share, and holding his own unnerved reactions at bay. “How do you usually…”
John ran to the detective’s side. Sherlock had his back to the light and was holding his hands over his face, shielding himself as if the brightness were a direct blaze of fire. John immediately searched the detective for bindings to undo, only to discover both his arms and legs to be unbound.
John immediately brought Sherlock into an embrace. “You’re my best friend, Sherlock.” The fawn seemed befuddled by the gesture, and pulled away after a moment with confusion on his face. “Sherlock is best friend?”
“Is no need for thank.” Sherlock replied. “John is Sherlock friend.”
Just at the base of the clearing where the esteemed fawn council held its gatherings, there was a large and very mystical tree. Adorned with centuries-old drawings and carvings, the sacred Sherringford oak was an ultimate relic to the fawn people, the center of all ceremonies and proceedings. It was here that members of the fawn council were adorned with markings of ceremonial honor, here that the fawns gathered to worship the changing phases of the moon. It was at the base of the Sherringford oak that Moosecroft had delivered his first address as head of the fawn council, to the delight and rapt attentions of an adoring and trusting community.
“I’m going to need to stitch this,” he explained to the creature before him. “Stay here and I’ll get my medical kit.” Sherlock nodded his understanding and waited patiently as John disappeared into the other room.
The answer was always yes, to every last “John, did you see?” Because John always did see, continuously transfixed by every brilliant moment, hypertuned to every last word flung from the detective’s lips. From every step of his feet to every dramatic swish and swoosh of his persona, to every heartbeat and emotion of the man hidden beneath it, John Watson
John surveyed the room’s carnage - broken bodies in pools of solidifying blood, newly past the transition from living being to cold and lifeless flesh. In the midst of it all, John spotted the wooden stake. How and when he had discarded it he realized could not recall. Shaking the brain matter from the point with a firm flick of his wrist, John held out the offending object for Sherlock to see. “Tell me how I destroy this.” It was a command that left no room for negotiations. In lieu of a verbal response, Sherlock reached into the pocket of his Belstaff, producing a lighter and gracefully tossing it John’s way.
Despite its small size the deer was quite gangly, making it hard to scoop it up in the blanket. Somehow John managed to gather up the animal’s limbs and lift it carefully. John carried it up the steps of the porch and in to the sitting room of the cabin. Gently, John set the bundled up animal on the floor by the couch.
Sherlock watched John add his usual bit of sugar before considering his own mug for a pregnant moment. “Is leaf water.”
“John was sad for lose his garden. Sherlock is fix.” John nodded, expression embarking on a face journey from confusion, to awe, to touched joy, and back to a further state of confusion.
“My name? My name is John.”
Sherlock sprinted through the trees for quite some time. He wanted to put as much space between himself and fawn territory as possible, just in case Moosecroft had attempted to follow.
“Hurting you.” John wouldn’t have believed it if the tired voice hadn’t repeated itself a second time. “I’m afraid that I’ll hurt you, John.”
John nodded and stood up. “Show me the way, then.”
“Tea is make John happy.” The fawn observed aloud.
Sherlock looked at John very intently, and John wondered what he was thinking. John stared back at Sherlock, trying to read the emotion in his magnificent eyes. After a moment Sherlock looked away, and John could have sworn he had seen a bit of a blush on the fawn’s cheeks.
The room was unnervingly bright. John could see every miniscule crack that spider-webbed through the stone of the cavernous walls. The building was old and possibly structurally unsound. This floor was underground - a basement or storeroom of some sort, John imagined, though a storeroom for what he was unsure. The ceiling was high and the floor was damp. Overall it was too bright and unbearably clammy.
Sherlock took John’s hand, and through mutual effort the two were able to hoist the detective to his feet. Sherlock wobbled for a moment as he gained his footing, but once situated stood tall and alert. The creak of a floorboard just above sent a wispy rainfall of dust to the floor below, only causing Sherlock to embolden his stance.
And then… it was over. The wind ebbed and the pulsing calmed. All that remained was the newly restored garden, and Sherlock kneeling in the soil, surrounded by John’s plants.
Careful and meticulously precise, Sherlock poured the contents of the cereal bowl into the ruined flowerbed. He began to recite a scripture in a rich and ancient fawn tongue, transitioning into a deep trance, twining himself with the life and heart of the forest. Sherlock lived for the thrill of properly executing fawn magic, of stretching it beyond what was known. He could feel the spell working, from the bottoms of his hooves to the very tips of his sensitive antlers. Time always ceased to exist in these moments, leaving only Sherlock and the nature he was attempting to bend to his will. And when it finally did bend, when Sherlock achieved the extraordinary – that was a thrill beyond anything else the fawn knew.
Sherlock shook his head violently, placing his hand on John’s back, as if he was afraid John was going to disappear. “John could never scare Sherlock away. Never.” The fawn’s gaze pierced directly into John’s. “John is a good man. John help Sherlock when hurt, give Sherlock a home.” Sherlock’s eyes were filled with emotion again, although John still couldn’t quite place what emotion it was. “John is answer all Sherlock questions, is keep Sherlock not bored.”
Just beyond John’s gardening shed was a large rock, behind which Sherlock had safely stowed his leaf-satchel of plants from the lake. With a perfect and careful organization, Sherlock set out his harvested materials – seeds, various leaves, two different types of roots, and the berries from the cumberbranch.
Sherlock set to work removing anything inorganic from the mess. Pieces of ceramic pots and bits of mesh netting were tossed aside until all that remained were the pathetic carcasses of John’s beloved plants. Once the debris was cleared (along with a lost garden snail), Sherlock was ready to begin.
Truly, John was alone in his cabin. That is, until he wasn’t in the most unexpected way.
After the dumplings came the soup, a hearty broth with vegetables. Every warm spoonful brought to those lips would be accepted, too, often slowly to savor the flavor and warmth. John loved these moments, so quiet, so warm, so perfect,
John didn't move on in the way everyone hoped he would. He still lived in 221B. He never touched any of Sherlock's things besides the few possessions Mycroft took, which were mostly some notes on cases the the Government man passed over to the detective. He did become a bit more social after a few months, but he never dated anyone and he rarely went to social gatherings. Mycroft would visit for tea every few weeks. Greg would come over for a pint or three every second Thursday night and Mrs. Hudson spent five or six mornings a week with John for either a late breakfast or a late lunch.
“I saw you two days ago.” John said with a frown, closing his eyes. Sherlock opened his mouth to comment but John continued. “I heard you talking early this morning when I was getting ready for work and I caught a whiff of your cologne then too. You don't usually ask these kinds of questions.”
They stared at each other for a few minutes before John shook his head vigorously, standing up. “Right. Gotta say this is the first time that has ever happened.” He walked around the chair and drained the last of his tea before putting the cup in the sink to clean later. He filled a glass with water before looking back into the sitting room. Sherlock was still there, he was still wet from the rain. “Right.” He repeated. “G’night then.”
“Please tell me this is real.” John whispered. The body shifted and John clenched tighter to it before releasing it and looking up into pale eyes that had hints of blues and greys and greens in them. This close, John could see a hint of brown in them as well. Sherlock leaned down and pressed his forehead against Johns and smiled very gently. “This is real. You are here. I am here. We are home.” John nodded his head slightly, his lips brushed just on the surface of Sherlock's.
“John.” Sherlock said, his baritone voice barely heard over the rain, staring intently at Johns face. John smiled, glanced quickly around to make sure there was no one around before talking.
John and Sherlock stared at each other for a long time. To John, it felt like only a few minutes, but when Mrs. Hudson came in with some biscuits, speaking to John about a new recipe Mrs. Turner had given her that she wanted John to try, it had gotten noticeably lighter in the flat and Mrs. Hudson always came up around eleven every morning. It had to have been at least a few hours since John looked up. He subtly clicked the safety on his gun and pushed it between the cushion and the armrest.
John looked at him funny. “Last week ago of course and a few weeks before then. You first noted it to me when she started working there a couple months ago.” John pressed his back against the chair. “You aren’t usually this daft.”
“Home.”
Then someone sighed and John heard someone say his name before long arms wrapped around his shoulders, pulling him into a warm, wet body that was too thin and bony and then John pressed as hard as he could into that body, trying to bury himself under the skin. He could curl up inside and live forever and be content and-
Sherlock frowned but nodded and strode ahead in the direction of 221B. John sighed and took a few breaths before following. When they reached the flat, John unlocked the door while Sherlock waited next to him and they both walked up the stairs. John could hear Mrs. Hudson's telly lowly playing her soaps and quietly locked up. When he shut the door to the sitting room and turned around, John was surprised to see that Sherlock was still dripping water as he was now out of the rain, but he shrugged it off. Sherlock usually never followed him so clearly before. Usually he would appear in his chair like the first time John saw him, dry and warm looking. As if he had never left.
*****
The first time it happens, John is sitting in his chair with his gun in his hand.
“It’s… very good both ways, I assure you,” John continues, sounding a bit nervous now. “But the decision is yours to make. If you don’t feel up to it, or if you’d rather wait to be the one who—”
Hours still remain until the evening meal and suddenly Sherlock cannot stand the prospect of trying to come up with yet another way to while away the time only to spend another long and tedious evening in the company of dull strangers who have
This time, it’s Molly’s turn to look surprised. “You must know he’s crazy about you!”
Sherlock tilts his head in their direction as he and John pass by, curious to overhear what sounds like Deverall pressuring Lestrade into coming and having a drink with them.
, and I won’t stand to see you making a mockery of it.”
“Ah.” Sherlock takes a step back, dropping Miss Hooper’s hand. “Yes, it would seem so. I… must go.”
“I’ve got to get him out of Baker Street. Now. Today. But how?
“We can use my cup,” he says, reaching for it, his heartbeat pounding hard in the base of his throat as he leans over.
John breathes the scent of it in again, feels his cock swell and thicken between his legs and it’s only another minute before he’s fully hard, his erection creating a sizable bulge in the front of his breeches.
Sherlock tilted his chin up to give John more room, his breath a soft sigh of pleasure as John licked the length of his collarbone.
Marty Jones laughed, and then shot the dog farthest from him, one of the few in the room who appeared to be uninjured.
But Sherlock shakes his head, insistent, resisting the pull of John’s hands.
. Even though she made me cry yesterday, she is the reason I am posting this chapter today. She inspires me endlessly.
John sat up to fully flex both his shoulders, then gazed down at Sherlock in the shuttered light.
Sherlock went rigid above him, his back arching up with a strangled cry and never had John been so grateful to
“But yes, I think so. The lieutenants who came to investigate weren’t too keen on being there. They were clearly just humoring Anderson to shut him up. More than anything else, I think they were irritated with him for taking them away from the festivities. So they didn’t stay long. And I have a feeling Anderson is being punished for his behavior last night.”
“I’m sorry,” John says, his hand coming up to stroke down Sherlock’s cheek, voice catching as he speaks, the sorrow there, so clear, is like a knife in Sherlock’s gut. “God I’ve missed you, you beautiful thing.”
—the feel of John against him, the feel of John’s hard cock hot pressing in against his own is so good for a moment Sherlock cannot breathe. What an utterly ingenious idea. Why has Sherlock never thought of this before?
He wants to take every part of what he just felt and tuck it carefully away inside himself, in the suite of rooms now devoted to John, to be sure that he does not lose a moment of it, but he refocuses on the John in front of him, the living, breathing John whose eyes are filled with worry, who’s still waiting for his explanation.
“Of course, I remember,” he’s saying as he shakes her hand. “John Watson. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you.”
Sherlock had lost the even rhythm of his thrusts on John’s cock but he obligingly pushed a second finger in beside the first, wriggling it bit by bit until it was fully sheathed up to the knuckle.
“I had fallen on hard financial times myself, after being discharged from the navy. I was looking for work and having no luck—I was just considering signing up again that night I ran into John, who told me he had started serving on a merchant ship called the
All three men turn to look.
Sherlock feels relief pour through him.
Then slowly, agonizingly slowly, Sherlock’s mouth sank back down, the fingers of one hand reaching down to cup John’s balls as he did, then moving underneath to push at the entrance to John’s body, loosened from the activity of Sherlock’s eager tongue, and John groaned, feeling how easily Sherlock’s finger breached him.
—and there is almost nothing better in the world. And this time, for the first time in Sherlock’s life, he is dancing with someone he likes, and he almost cannot cope with the magnitude of his feelings.
“You taste good,” John says, lips hot against Sherlock’s forehead.
Of course John is on his side.
John found himself studying Sherlock’s sculptured silhouette, his eyes moving over each place he longed to place his hands, his mouth.
He started to rise but Sherlock stopped him with a hand on his arm.
“Wait a minute,” John hissed out of the corner of his mouth. “Someone’s coming.”
What could he say? “Then, I came to in a pool locker room with Moriarty’s hands all over me, informing me of my repressed desire for Sherlock while he made salacious implications that have given over to constant, obsessive sexual fantasies. To shag, or not to shag? Please comment below.”
John shakes his head. The pain in his voice is unmistakable.
He reaches up with the back of his wrist to wipe the sweat from his forehead, pushing the hair back from his face. He leans down to settle his violin back in its case and when he straightens up there are sailors on all sides, clapping him on the back, shaking his hand, offering him tankards full of ale.
, Sherlock.”
Sherlock feels a throb go through him at the thought of John, desperate for a moment of privacy in all those shouting, cursing, talking men. It never occurred to him to think that John would lack for privacy—he’s such a sociable man, always ready with an easy smile and a laugh; he clearly enjoys the company of others—but everyone needs privacy sometimes, even John.
His voice is heavy and slow, like he feels. “I want everything. Everything you’ll let me have, everything you’re willing to give me. I want it, however long that takes. I’m not going to change my mind.”
Sherlock leaned forward and kissed the plea from his lips. His hands closed over John’s and gently moved them from the front of his shirt so he could pick up where John had left off.
“What on earth are you talking about?”
Sherlock can feel John’s smile against his neck as his hand traces the length of Sherlock’s cock through the straining fabric. “My, my, what have we here?”
John breaks the kiss, laughing—breathless—to help Sherlock’s ineffective efforts.
“Coming!” He exited his room still dragging a shirt over his head to see the back of Sherlock’s head disappearing down the stairs.
Sherlock pulled his arm back to maximize the force of the blow, and then struck Jones in the side of the face with the butt of his own gun so hard John saw a spurt of blood shoot from his mouth and splatter the concrete.
“John—”
satisfying to do it—that Sherlock cannot help himself.
Sherlock is more able to listen to the music now, to really
There is a shimmering feeling in Sherlock’s belly growing brighter the faster John strokes. He shifts his hips against John’s thighs, unconsciously seeking friction against the growing heat of his own flesh, licking at his swollen lips.
He sits back to look at Sherlock. The blue of his eyes is the color of the sky at first light on a winter morning. He reaches out a hand to settle in Sherlock’s curls. “You absolute beauty.”
Someone had turned the lights down. The only illumination came from the television in the corner where people had begun to count down from ten. John glanced over his shoulder. “Where’s Sherlock?”
“You love me,” he whispered again, the reverence in his voice causing John’s heart to twist sharply in his chest.
“You tryin’ to get your sailor friends in trouble, is that it? You want to see them get the strap?”
John lay down on his side, keeping his knees tucked in against his chest to try and maximize his body heat. He told himself he was just going to shut his eyes for a moment while he waited for Sherlock to come back, but Sherlock’s sheets were so soft under his cheek, the weight of the duvet pressing in around him like a cocoon, warming him up much quicker than he would have thought possible.
thinking about John’s voice in his ear, John’s warm palms at his hips, that he almost misses the question from Ironsides Jake at his side.
Sherlock pauses outside the door, listening hard, straining his ears through the raucous sound of Miss Gibbons chattering energetically with someone in the cabin next door.
Sherlock can’t bear to look at John directly but he can
“You’re my sea flower—evening blooming. My prince.”
“I’m afraid nothing more at the moment. I want to get him out of here without causing a disturbance and the pair of us will arouse too much attention.”
Sherlock squeezes his way in between two sailors whose names he does not know. They do their best to make room for him, grinning at him without comment. Everyone is in good spirits.
Watching his retreating back it occurs to Sherlock that the trunk must weigh nearly half as much as the man and yet he carries it as though it were nothing more than a sack of flour.
He knows that they met the night John was pressed to sea—that Stamford had already worked as a sailor before, so he helped John learn his way around the ship—but he does not know how long ago that was.
He feels John’s body tense, stomach muscles tightening against Sherlock’s forearm, and oh god, it’s too good—it’s too much—the length of John in his hand again at last, the skipping of his breath against Sherlock’s bared throat at the sensation of Sherlock touching him.
He was fully nude now, the length of his body laid out for Sherlock’s gaze—the curves of his pelvic bones, the ridge of muscle in the top of his abdomen, the muscles in his thighs—all made soft and sensuous in the flickering light of the flames.
Thank you for being the best set of readers any writer could ever ask for. You all fill my life with joy.
Perhaps he is taking one of his evening strolls up on deck, as Sherlock has often seen him do; or perhaps he isn’t. Perhaps he is elsewhere, pursuing whatever plan of action it was that Mr. Knott refused to undertake with him. But what plan of action could anyone possibly undertake on board a ship halfway across the Atlantic?
Sherlock feels a cold thrill of horror at the prospect.
They stood on the bathmat together, dripping, while Sherlock knotted his towel around his hips.
The combined sensation of Sherlock sucking on his cock and breaching him with his long, slender finger was almost more than John could handle.
“Calm down, Freak.” Donovan strode into the room. “Don’t get your knickers in a twist, I’ve got it here.” She read out from a paper in her hand. “ ‘One is Murder, Rape’s the other’s name./ Beware the mad king with his ring of keys:
“Belay that, Lieutenant.”
Time is a blur that he cannot distinguish; Sherlock has no idea how long it’s been since they stumbled down the staircase and through his door. It feels like no time at all has passed, but surely, it’s been hours. Is the party still going on above deck?
John stared into the grate where the fire was still burning. He studied the pattern in the flames as they leapt and shivered over the iron. John lifted his chin.
“Yes, my love?”
Now there’s no more wishful thinking, no more tricks to get him out of it. All of his doubts, his speculations, his theories evaporate like smoke before his eyes. There is no shock to cushion his blow, no disbelief; he’s just falling.
His forehead is damp with sweat. He reaches up to wipe it away and realizes he is still in his clothes. The cabin is hotter than it was earlier—the air feels close, stifling.
MERRY CHRISTMAS MY BEAUTIFUL BUNNIES!
His hand lay unresisting in John’s grip, turned up, elegant fingers curling in toward his palm. At the sight of the livid marks on Sherlock’s skin, John felt his anger return in a rush so powerful it stole his breath.
He sits up slowly, mindful of his pounding head, and immediately regrets the action. The room spins around him.
“Thank you, Colonel,” she sniffs as she takes his arm. “It’s nice to see that
John watched Sherlock fall to his knees, his hands tearing at the fabric of his shirt, mouth twisted open in pain. His teeth were bared in a grimace as he pulled the fabric apart and there, John saw, with a corresponding shock of pain that reverberated through his entire body, was a hole where Sherlock’s heart had been, black and charred at the edges, pouring ash.
At the thought of John, a deep twinge of pain lances through his breast. Sherlock rolls over onto his side, feels his sticky cheek dragging on his sweat-soaked pillow.
But he cannot shake the feeling that he is partly responsible for the man’s crisis.
There is nothing much of interest for his keen gaze.
John’s discomfort is now apparent. It’s such a rare sight, to see John looking not… absolutely confident, that Sherlock almost forgets his own self-conscious fears.
He does remember returning with his brother and the kennel master, kneeling in the dirt while it happened, his eyes dry and stinging, afraid every moment that he was going to be sick but telling himself fiercely he had to be strong for Redbeard’s sake, Mycroft standing behind him, his posture utterly stiff. He may not have understood Sherlock’s love for the dog but he understood what a loss this was for Sherlock.
“He stole from me! I know he did! He took it, he took it, and I’m going to get it back!”
He doesn’t sit up. He watches John shut his eyes and thinks maybe it will be all right, but then, he hears his name.
His inability to defend himself has shaken Sherlock to the core. What’s to stop Stevens—or any number of disgruntled sailors who probably feel personally inconvenienced thanks to Sherlock’s behavior—from approaching him and beating him bloody beneath their fists. Or worse…
He hears Knott’s voice again, clearly exasperated but trying to speak reasonably.
John pulls Sherlock by the arm until they are sitting on a bench at the edge of the floor. He puts the tankard back into Sherlock’s hand, and takes one for himself from the man beside him before raising his own with a smile.
Sherlock returns it to him, watery-eyed, one hand up over his mouth. He swallows down the taste of fire and shakes his head. “No, thank you, that was… most invigorating.”
“I’m sorry to hound you like this. I promise I’ll leave you to enjoy your time on shore in peace just as soon as you’ve answered my question.”
He can see the discomfort on John’s face, the groove between his brows deepening, a faint flicker of not quite pain.
He should have seen this coming.
I’ve ever met has been as clever, as talented, as beautiful as you. You’re exquisite, Sherlock, you’re
As he spoke, he could feel the edges of Sherlock’s anxiety softening, his body relaxing into John’s, until his head gradually came to rest against John’s shoulder.
“Ah, Sherlock, my boy—have you heard the news? Dreadful, absolutely dreadful business. And here I’d just promised young Master Billy that I could finally give him a proper go with my dueling pistols once we’d made it to shore. It was he who came and brought me the news. Poor lad—looked absolutely cast down. Seems as though none of us will get the reprieve we’ve so been looking forward to. But of course the captain’s word is law. Nothing any of us can do about it, except keep our chins up and carry on.”
“John,” he says, locking eyes with John, his voice deliberately deep. “I want you to fuck my mouth.”
John laughs good-naturedly as Sherlock hurries to rise to his feet and almost trips in his haste.
Sherlock rubbed his nose in John’s hair.
He stands absolutely still and listens.
They found a rhythm together, John’s hips thrusting frantically in time with Sherlock’s mouth, somehow maintaining the pace even as his body began to shake with the impending presence of his orgasm.
“I’m sorry.” John looked down at his hands to see that they were once again clenched on the back of the chair. He forced them to relax. He fought to keep his voice even. “I’m sorry I left you.”
He’d never done this before, never had anything actually
He can feel his own mouth shrinking with displeasure.
“John…” Sherlock rose up on his knees, his voice emphatic. “John, look at me. You need this. It’s the only way. You know what he’s doing, don’t you? He’s trying to poison you. He’s trying to destroy you from the inside out. He wants you to think you’re responsible when really it’s him, John. It’s him! John, look at me!” Sherlock seized John by the shoulders, forcing his gaze up to his own. “Can’t you see what’s going on? He’s trying to break you!”
“How are you?” Sherlock finds himself asking, although that was not the first question he intended to ask.
But with every step he takes, he seems to hear the sound of it echoing beneath his boots.
It was that third week that it had changed though. John was curled up in his chair in the sitting room, gun in hand, when he looked up to Sherlock’s chair and saw the man as John remembered him; hair neatly styled in that ‘just rolled out of bed’ way, wearing his silk shirt and suit. His piercing pale eyes peering over his fingers which were in their thinking position, staring at John.
“John.”
“We’re home.”
“‘What were you thinking taking the tube’, ‘Did you see how that woman's wedding ring was so dull? I’d say 15+ years of an unhappy marriage.’, ‘John, how did you miss that the barista was flirting with you? He was practically drooling over your caffeine.’”
John took a deep breath and reached a hand out to lay on Sherlock's knee.
*****
After days, weeks, seasons have passed, John closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against the wet patch he made and let out a long breath, steadying himself. Now all he could hear was a heartbeat a few inches away.
Sherlock appeared in front of John a few yards away from the exit closest to Baker Street, stepping in front of John and stopping. Usually Sherlock would just follow him. He never stepped directly in front of him as if to stop him. John really didn't like to watch Sherlock's ghost disappear whenever he reached out to touch him, so John always kept at least a two feet distance whenever possible.
John cried. He sobbed. He wailed into a bony shoulder and dig his fingers into a back that he could feel every vertebra. He bit down on the shirt that bunched besides his mouth and let all the pain he was feeling out, letting the body absorb it all and then sending it back to him, but better, like breathing in oxygen and letting out CO2 but reversed.
John paused and blinked once before nodding towards the window behind Sherlock. “D’you think we could get new curtains?”
John sighed again and walked to the kitchen to put the kettle on before grabbing a towel from the loo and drying his hair. Sherlock watched John work on making a cuppa, a deep frown on his face. That was unusual too. Sherlock didn't usually frown. He didn't usually show many emotions besides the contentedness that he had shown those first few weeks after appearing.
“Uh...maybe a good cleaning will do.” John replied slowly. Mrs. Hudson smiled kindly and nodded before moving back into the kitchen to pour tea.
“Usually?” Sherlock picked up instantly. He was getting a twisted feeling in his stomach.
Mrs. Hudson hummed and walked over to the window, giving the drapes a tug. “I suppose. They are looking quite dirty, maybe they just need a good cleaning.” She turned back to John. “Unless you want a new pair? Clear away bad memories?”
“Wha-?”
John stared at where his hand was resting on the wood of the bench and closed his mind down.
Then John felt it. Fingers around his wrist, stopping him from going anywhere.
*****
John hummed and went back to typing. When he turned around at the sound of the office door opening, he could swear he saw the ends of a dark wool belstaff flutter out before the next patient walked through.
“....” Sherlock's eyes flew over John. ‘Deducing,’ he thought with some amusement. “When did I say that?”
John shook his head again and made his way to the stairs. The sound of Sherlock;s chair being pushed across the floor made him freeze for a moment before closing his eyes tight and reaching out to pull the door open but something stopped him. It felt like his whole body turned to lead within a second. He even looked down to make sure that he didn't step in cement or super glue, but he was still wearing his socks and trousers.
John never did meet with Molly. Whenever they ran into each other at Tesco or a nearby coffee shop that John sometimes met Mike in, she would get giant watery eyes and walk in the opposite direction. John let her be.
Once John was settled in his chair and Sherlock was seated on the edge of his own, John cleared his throat. “Are you going make another comment on the nurse at the surgery? I already told you she was obviously trouble, even without you pointing it out.”
So was John. “Yes…?”
He also never stepped anywhere near Bart's again.He would cringe whenever anyone brought the hospital up.
When John stood up to eat at the kitchen table with the landlady, he turned around to see if Sherlock was still there. He wasn't.
“What questions do I ask?”
So when he left the surgery at nine thirty at night, John didn't even think about take cover other then to zip his jacket up and step onto the streets to walk home. He was walking through Regents park when Sherlock showed up.
It's been three weeks since the funeral. Three weeks and two days since he last saw his friend alive. John had not left 221B since. Mrs. Hudson came up every now and then to drop off food he would barely touch, make tea he wouldn't drink. Sometimes she would sit with him, sometimes she wouldn't. John would later say that those three weeks went by in a blur of
Sherlock didn't acknowledge the landlady as she walked around the flat, his eyes never leaving John. John cleared his throat roughly, eyes still on the man across from him. “Mrs. Hudson?”
“Usually you flirt back, or even let them down gently if you're not interested, as is the case with patients.”
Sherlock leaned as close to John as he could get without leaving the chair. “When was the last time you saw me?”
“Yes dear?” John could hear the hope in her voice. He hadn't spoke since his words at Sherlock's grave.
*****
Sherlock leaned across the distance and reached out his arm to touch John's knee. John quickly tucked his legs underneath himself and Sherlock left his hand hanging between them for a moment before pulling back.
